hello ladies down I said I'll be making
a stay and des let's get started let's
have a look at the material that you'll
need all you'll need some table legs I
actually have these kind of hairpin one
I got these on eBay they look nice give
it a need a couple of mirrors we've got
some eye clear mirrors the IKEA PS 2014
there's some straight pieces of wood to
create a backing for the mirrors and the
actual desk itself ever need a dead oak
worktop so this is just like a kitchen
Oh quark top that I bought off eBay
again so that's it in terms of materials
and therefore tools I need a few tools
do need a plain saw you need some screws
some drill bits and drills and a impact
driver some superglue a saw with this
box you know we cut like 45-degree
angles
some clamps and a desktop positive easy
pop versus breaking these table legs
I'm afraid baking them in a white color
code number three it looks pretty good
I'll divide by two or three codes at
least I think I'm very happy with how
the legs turned out now let's move on to
the more difficult part or the actual
desktop and cutting that this will be
the width develop at the back and then
it's going to come and become more an
arrow to the front
same thing on this side here if you see
that black line yeah one thing I forgot
to mention to cutting at an angle like
this you know Seifer folks I think it'd
look nice
so like this one thank God if a stage is
damaged or I don't kill myself okay just
one more part to go the front well here
it is the bevel disposables you call it
front the only thing is that it's very
sharp on these corners so definitely
child-friendly this is the day two of
table mating
do it like this you know make a bit more
friendly but more open so I'm gonna get
on that yeah sad down okay that's pretty
much the desktop completers I'm pretty
happy with how it looks good little
bevel up this side this side as well and
it looks kind of got a nice angle here
and from here as well so yeah I think it
looks nice one of the things I wanted to
do with the legs is to dip dive in
because well they're very airy and I was
thinking just you know adding a bit of
interest by dip dyeing them in a light
gray I think I look good yeah happy with
that the original dream was to have it
like this there would be a double mirror
in the back what I'm thinking now is
that I'm just going to put that in the
middle and either side of it it's going
to be very similar to what we've got
right now is going to be kind of this
pegboard stone so I stay as a place to
kind of store her jewelry but meanwhile
let's work on the back frame because we
have to kind of build a frame in the
back here in order to support the
pegboard and the moon
there it is screwed in nicely
four more of these to go along the side
here it's all done now we've got four
supports here this is the side where the
pegboard is going to go on the side and
then the mirror is going to go on that
side so let's continue making the
pegboard I've marked where the holes
need to go these just 10 centimeters
wide each just drawn off that kind of
matrix grid so I've got a like drill
through the holes now okay in about 20
minutes of drilling later we've got a
pegboard
here it is it's good I'm happy with the
way it came up I'm going to be painting
this white so that's a white paint let's
give this fresco oh yeah definitely two
more coats still gonna see the wrinkle
marks through there so yeah another
evening another few minutes to work on
the desk so I've given this about four
coats now so we're still looking back to
but it's still you can still kind of see
the pencil marks under the heap or we
can see that but I can't when I think
it's the nature of MDF because it's so
porous that it just absorbs all that
paint so I think I'm just going to have
to keep on going maybe even two or three
more coats fine the meanwhile been
working on the actual things that you
want to put in the peg hole
so here I've cut up some dowels and I've
finished it in two different ways just a
normal kind of flat top and then this
kind of angle top now originally was
going to just leave them like this so
you can just stick them in but then I
had an idea or why not just paint the
tops of them and I'm gonna hang it in
the colors that the mirror has on it so
under the colors I've got this kind of
coral but this dark red this kind of
light baby blue and the gray type into
the legs in so yeah and they are
dripping away and the four different
colors things that look good Oh change
of scenery we're now in s days filming
room and this is what this is going to
go finally time to put it together I'm
going to be bolting these legs onto the
back here
so all four legs now on and to turn baby
up great so we have some adjustments to
make is I screwed up a little bit the
original plan was to start the mirrors
like right here and the pegboard right
here but you can see it kind of gets in
the way of the window there so I'm gonna
have to move both of them in a little
bit like that which I think looks better
anyway just readjusted the supports in
the back so then I match up with the
mirror and the pegboard so I think that
looks okay now I have to glue in the
pegboard and put the supports onto the
mirror okay so yeah nearly complete now
put the two things together glued them
on in the back here the mirror the I
camera actually had came with these
reduce for little holders today those
were good and then here's the pegboard
so all the different color gold things
so I still goes to use them I think that
it's kind of practical the only thing
that's left to do is to actually treat
the wood because it is oak you're not
meant to leave oak untreated so I just
got some beeswax is natural beeswax
which gives I think the most natural
finish possible apart from soaping but
soaping is bit of a pain so this is just
a lot easier so yeah it's going to put
on a coat of this rub it in leave the
dry by three or four hours and then put
it on a second coat and then there you
go Bob's your uncle
put the second coat the beeswax on and
that's it there it is ladies gentlemen I
can't say I'm that happy with it because
it's changed so much from the original
plan but at least I got there in the end
and I think it looks like what do you
think I see one since it is your desk I
absolutely love it and I have to tell
you guys as one's been moping around all
night long because he doesn't think it's
as good as his original vision but I but
just a believer in you know things have
moves and I actually think it turned out
better than the original plans I love it
I absolutely love it yeah I mean is so
cool
woody I've actually used these yes I'm
going to be hanging my necklaces on
those tonight yeah well so girls watch
out that may or may not be a new makeup
collection and storage video on its way
I haven't actually figured out how I'm
gonna store my me yeah no no no drawers
yeah but here's a sneak preview just
assume it on this gloriousness oh yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed watching me make
this desk tell me what you think about
it you know be honest if you think it's
terrible to tell it's terrible and maybe
they'll be more DIY videos on the way I
hope I think next ones I'll do is going
to be less arduous and so complicated we
keep it simple yeah this is a pretty big
project yeah but obviously you know I've
already talked in this in person but
thank you for making history that's okay
I honestly I love it so much all right I
know maybe yeah maybe in the future I'll
be like upgrades to this yeah you know I
yeah add-ons yeah okay bye bye
