good morning hands middle guys how you
doing how you do it tired
damn you British weather wok wok wok wok
wok wok wok wok wok wok wok wok wok wok
wok what cross the road cross the road
in a safe manner Raging Bull boy oh it's
starting to rain let's go back home it's
starting to rain let's go back home
where's my breakfast where's my
breakfast give me my breakfast where's
my breakfast oh my god I'm so excited oh
my god I'm so excited
what should I have for breakfast so I'm
still gonna do my science this morning
story it's gonna be light you know you
don't have anything to him before you do
the exercise this is my normal
pre-exercise breakfast so if I and we're
doing insanity in the morning this is
what I have just a couple of spoons of
just some natural yogurt a little bit of
honey and some rolled oats here it is
mmm-hmm I think the yoga staves off the
starvation hungry factor the honey gives
you that instant sugar boost and then
the oats of the more kind of complex
carbs that'll keep you going for a
little bit longer but this is like I
don't really have this this is mine like
normal breakfast I just have this before
the workout and then I have a like a
normal larger meal laughter okay it's
time to do it's time to hit it do the
insanity today I've got the the cardio
the cardio and the things is called a
cardio circuit or something not Katia so
I think it's called pure cardio yeah so
today I got the pure cardio one let's
see how I do
good morning beautiful people I am going
to be making breakfast and talking at
the same time
first stop tea definitely I've actually
been up for a while but I've been having
some serious stomach lady pains now this
is something I do not talk about ever
like publicly or otherwise I just don't
talk about it but honest to god I woke
up this in the middle of the night and
this morning and I thought I am about to
give birth to a horse that is how I
freaking felt I've never
experience pain like us in my life bread
she's like give birth to a horse
okay Haley attacking him out anyway as I
was like oh maybe you just have to go to
the bathroom I was like no this is life
on another level here ladies I hope you
can sympathize with me if this is what
some of you go through every month Wow
I can understand why people talk about
it so much I've never ever this is new
this is a new horrifying field and I
hope I've ever experienced so that
wasn't too much information from before
9 o'clock in the morning I don't know
what is but I'm gonna just have my
breakfast now can you guys tell I like
berries blueberries raspberries I've got
my tea over here
and now I'm just gonna watch Judy's life
this is just an ad before handsome let's
do this thing
I'm just watching Benji and Judy and
Benji just got these doughnuts oh my god
this is putting this shiz to shame these
blueberries I want this this is what I
want I love doughnuts so much of course
being Canadian you know going to Tim
Hortons on the regular getting my
vanilla dip maple dip double chocolate
you know I I do love a good doughnut and
oddly enough if you live in Canada
there's the supermarket they're effing
Donuts I don't get a great Dutchman but
their doughnuts are like amazing I was
actually thinking when I go home again
in the next week I should just like do
tour about all the doughnuts that I can
try you know for research purposes of
course if you live in London let me know
if there's a good place to get doughnuts
because I've never seen doughnuts really
being sold here and don't say the ones
that are sold in like the supermarkets
here because they're not they're not
like this I need like bakery fresh
doughnuts so anybody anybody know let me
know good boy he's so big he's so whoa
he is so big
come on Reggie let's see if I can make
him go up good boy good boy Reggie come
on get up there
he likes to be tickled that's his new
latest thing
he loves it are you suntanning here we
go folks I've got the magic touch I know
the day once I mean it twice I show you
magic what what magic uh-huh uh-huh if
you follow me on instagram you will have
already seen my beautimous desk that
Aslan built me he built this himself
it's crazy he bought all the pieces for
it separately drilled it together cut it
he made like these really cool corners
on it
I've got like a little jewelry thing
here's my creep cat I'm gonna do like an
updated makeup collection on my beauty
channel at some point probably when I'm
back from Canada but I just absolutely
love it and then I've got these drawers
down here which house my makeup
oh my god but I haven't actually
organized this properly I mean this
drawer is quite organized but for
instance the blush drawer yeah every
time I show that to people I'm just like
I got a lot of makeup it's kind of a
thing you know my best-kept secret
except does not really see because I
tell the Internet but anyway I'm gonna
do my makeup now and looking at myself
in the mirror I'm gonna need to do
something with this hair oh finish now I
bet that was quick on the camera I wish
that was quick in real life was it
really hard today uh no is okay it's the
it was a pure cardio one which I
actually prefer because it's it's just
like she's gonna keep on running well
what I hate more than anything is when
you get the really bad muscle burn like
you know I met Sean T it's like come on
push it and you're like no are you done
20 squats I can't hurt what other thing
is that my poor knees are giving out if
you've done insanity tell me if your
knees started to really really hurt like
at the beginning of week three because
my knees are just like in pain like
during the exercises it's not too bad
cuz obviously like you don't really have
time to process that pain but off it was
when I'm like walking up the stairs
everything my knees like really hurt so
we're gonna go to the market first
because as always I'm hungry and I like
market and I love going there for lunch
I really pray to have those build cheese
things again
you dream it about what he's doing a
really good trade lessons yeah so I just
rummaged through my purse and I got some
coins so I have 1450 in coins I've laid
it all out like my grandma does yeah
let's head on to the market
are you ready reg oh yeah yesterday on
his walks like he refused to walk I took
him maybe two steps and he was didn't
want to go and that was for both of us
walks yesterday he wouldn't do that
he's lazy lazy man he's a lazy man but
he does walk around the park you know on
occasion I think he really looks forward
to the Saturday walk yes
so we met another dog named fly will you
be the bug as well the owner of the dog
actually watches our videos and it's
really cool because she got to meet
Reggie and then she has this dogs as
well they fly so this is a greyhound
cross with a Saluki apparently so they
think but yeah it's very cute and Reggie
was actually kind of interested but now
as is feeding him so oh I thought he's
meeting him oh yeah
so there's fly cute little girl
everybody loves reg
oh my god Reggie is so interested in
that state grilled cheese like a you
cannot no no I'm good
how is it as good as ever oh I got it
give me but good no no even better than
last time seems I think so too
mmm kind of cheesy yeah this is kind of
ugly yeah I'll stop pretending I know
what she's that accident who people are
loving Reggie stay at the market and do
you ever say something to someone and
think
stupid stupid stupid idiot what did you
say the guy was like saying the car like
is he really under jegging so I was like
you know what no he's not he's really
lazy and show that he sleeps for 25
hours a day I was like there's no saving
that no but it's kind of like when
people say 110% like you know you're
overemphasizing for a reason because it
wasn't my reasoning this is my mind like
that's fine he was like oh yeah oh you
want more cheese more cheese purchase
purchase purchase please please please
taste is please just just a statistic
this happened again
and it's starting to rain now so yeah
cupcake experience being ruined by the
rain Reggie ones cupcake as well
oh the sunshine didn't last for long and
how it's pouring rain
well not pouring but I think I think
it's gonna start boy here's this guy
okay here's blue but over here is very
dark it doesn't look as dark on camera
as one's convinced that it's not gonna
rain once we get over there so hello
little silane but about 10 minutes or so
okay
the dogs fly their owner said that they
might come to this park afterwards so
maybe Reggie and flag can run around a
little bit stop be cool I won't have to
pee the chasing Bell Reggie yeah so
Reggie gets scared very easily and every
single day I was on tonight pretty much
I have a conversation that starts like
this
Oh today Reggie scared himself by but
yesterday was Reggie step on a twig and
he was terrified and then he goes
skidding around and apparently yesterday
Reggie scared himself because not this
morning apparently this morning what
happened basically he's walking along
and he's walking on concrete and then we
got a dragged his foot funny and his
nails made like a scraping sound like a
yeah he scared himself there's a dog the
cute one Reggie's like oh god here we go
so fly is here but they're really not
interested in each other at all
we shall see we're back home now and my
stomach is just like ladies you know
what it's like you know it's like oh my
god what do you think taking ibuprofen
does this help but does this help what I
would've got going on here
I'm gonna give it a shot I'm gonna give
it a go oh my god
oh dear okay let's change the subject
we are heading up to a craft show what's
the name of it again handmade in Britain
but it's basically just like handmade
crafts that you can buy it's like a
craft show basically it's in Chelsea and
um yeah we're gonna go as long as being
my nurse right now whoo lady paints from
a man's perspective keep your head down
be quiet
agree with everything try to survive the
week this is este trying to keep filter
all her time that's a method she can't
do it
I did both at the same time no but I did
take both what's gonna say about that oh
yeah sometimes when I'm feeling I do
find myself fighting eyes on his head
off not not really but like just raisins
right now he just said something and I
was like ah like did that just come out
of me like like that's not who I am but
just it just takes over
yeah what seriously just didn't keep
your head back under the parapet for the
week what's a parapet depower put yeah
like a mobile one that would be like a
trench then you like the parapet would
be the point where you look looking over
those you're gonna keep your head to see
it's your pad yeah I'm in the trenches
right now Oh a trench this is a trench a
parapet not at the pipe I think it's
just a top part of the trench so you
used to get head over the parapet
Lincoln I learn something new every day
really gonna sneeze oh we're having a
slight problem here it's like come
undone and I almost fell over I like
leaned on it slightly and away no I
didn't I didn't honestly I just honest I
just put my hand on it and the whole
bottom slab fell off amazing here we are
in beautiful beautiful Chelsea darling
dr. Ann darling I just love looking on
these little streets it's so English II
and nice and
posh and Chelsea like all right here we
are handmade and written an appreciating
British craftsmanship spring edition
it's in this gorgeous building
so let's going in oh so here is our
little catalog let's take a look in here
quickly and see what's a different thing
so let's go in and see what we can find
ok so I'm just looking at the jewelry am
I at Miguel that is the name of it and I
have fallen for some very beautiful
rings and jewelry here it's all so
pretty they do have a website which I
will link down below but it's just such
beautiful dainty jewelry and I've been
just sitting here trying some stuff on
and I went for she's already packaged it
up but I went for a ring similar to this
so it's like a rose gold I think she
called it a Russian wedding ring so I'm
just taking a look at the ceramics and
this is by Kirsty Adams and just take a
little gander at this I absolutely love
them and I actually bought a balls that
used to be standing right there but it's
kind of along the same vein as these
ones because I love vols is so much and
I love thee did you save as bronze
bronze or bronze luster and they are
just so beautiful so just thought I'd
show you that we're just leaving the
craft show now it would look good I
think I got a couple of things that I
really really like so I think that's
really all we can ask for and the people
there were really nice as well it's
always nice to support someone who is
either just doing it as a hobby or as a
small business or you know something
along those lines
that being said not a lot of people
wanted us to film in there so that's why
there's not a lot of footage but um yes
I think we're gonna head home now that's
about it we actually stopped in to the
grocery store on the way home however we
forgot the blog camera and you guys have
seen us grocery shopping too many times
to count but I did get some flowers and
I just wanted to show you what they look
like in my new laws so here they are
lots of pineapple in the background but
I know that these flowers are kind of
too short for this balls but I just
wanted to test it out I think it looks
so pretty don't you don't you like it
really nice what are you doing trying
out these new uh coconut cream flavored
cozy peanuts Wow
Reggie's feeling very tired I just tried
to take him for a nice long walk and
he's refused
to go he is going back to his bed that's
what he's telling me right now we are on
the move again and we're actually going
out for dinner with Aslan's mom and
sisters so yeah I did a quick little
outfit change nothing to crane oh I'm
not really feeling like getting all
dolled up but I'm showing my regular
cause coat this is a pink blouse thing
from Zara my jeans are from whistles and
then I'm wearing my leopard flats from
dune I also put my hair up even though
the back parts are falling out but I
just thought I would you know put it up
and also make my new ring I don't know
if it's a little too big I don't know I
think these rings are supposed to be a
little big so you can like play with
them you know and it's it's not gonna
fall off but I don't know maybe it's
just that new ring feeling so I'm gonna
get going now
it just so happened that we were back in
the same area at the craft show to come
for dinner and I just popped back into
the craft show with five minutes left to
spare before they closed and the owner
said that it's no problem
she'll exchange it she doesn't have any
more of my size in the color I wanted
but she's gonna give me one and she's
gonna but she's gonna mail me one next
week so that's amazing so I get my
perfect size love it
we've already started eating and I
forgot to vlog the food I don't actually
know what any of this is Christmas is
you that's Christmas TV this is you mine
okay sausage crispy squid duck user what
was and that's vegetable tempura yeah it
was really good as you can see finished
so here's Aslan's chicken barbecue
chicken I became chicken with some
noodles and look amazing I'm not fat
okay this is just right through your
thing and then I got chicken pad thai
which looks really good yum yum yum
can't wait and some chicken curry hi red
oh oh we're always so happy to see
Reggie
oh are you doing but I'll do it
Gigi just Reggie he's so cute oh I
didn't that yeah I've got but this is
like you're comfortable most comfortable
sweater yeah
and my hot water bottle this is a
something I've had for a really long
time just hot water bottle yeah but I've
never really had a reason to use it
until today as do all no um and it feels
spectacular yeah it reeks of burning
plastic because it's from Primark but I
was just tweeting about this saying that
like I have no idea what your vision is
and like everyone was so shocked that I
didn't know but in Canada there was no
Eurovision so like I have no idea I mean
obviously I've lived here for quite a
few years I should probably know what it
is but whenever someone brought it up I
just like not really interested in it I
thought it was kind of like American
Idol but I get the suspicion that it's
like way bigger than that so I'm gonna
watch a little bit of Eurovision now
just to like get get an idea about what
it's like and just chill out with my
with my child my hot water bottle it
does feel amazing ladies I I could
actually get used to this just like
relaxing on an everyday basis like it's
just like very comforting so I've seen a
couple of acts now and my impression is
it looks like any other like x-factor
type of show to me is that does that
piss some people off but it's between
countries yeah it's pretty cool it like
seems like it's on a really big scale I
don't know if I'm allowed to show this
but you're Switzerland for instance
whistling a little head off it is it is
entertaining to watch I am enjoying
myself here but nothing's really blown
me away yet I think I missed some pretty
good ass by the by the looks on Twitter
when she's like I really cannot be
bothered watching this right hand well
it doesn't seem like much else is gonna
be going on here tonight so I think I'm
gonna end the vlog here I think we will
be vlogging tomorrow so we will see you
soon what are you doing over there
that isn't editing yeah and do they what
that's yeah Wow
editing is kind of hard in
time-consuming isn't it especially you
have
what I have thank you
normally a vlog of ours might have 40
minutes of footage on a on a really busy
day which takes obviously a long time to
edit but aslan filmed his desk video and
has over an hour and a half right an
hour and a half worth of footage which
is just crazy like one of my beauty
videos that's normally around 14 minutes
it maybe has 25 minutes of footage so
this is insane this is this could take
him months okay it's been a couple hours
there were laughs there were tears
Austria has won whoo seriously what was
that joke from Lithuania with the
shaving everybody's like oh yeah
everybody for most do any alike like if
you guys have no idea what I'm talking
about they have to Google but listen
when he was like it's time to shave the
beard and the host was like no it's not
no guys that is so nice that Austria
well I think it's amazing that's who I
would have voted for can I say that I
didn't vote that's why I didn't vote but
that's who I would have voted for really
good really good
good times good time okay I'm really
leaving out this is the winner right
here we're just walking Reggie and as
one's like oh maybe we should get some
of these logs bring them home I'm like
what for he's like I don't know
typical typical typical there is no
weight side table a side table
