good morning tea drinking go how are you
feeling a little groggy this morning a
little groggy why is that and then when
you wake up in the morning and you have
no idea what day of the week it is
you know what month what year mm-hmm
after I woke ready when I came into the
bedroom Estee was so sleepy she just
like she she seemed like she was a mummy
ranking at a mummified state she
wouldn't move at all now what I do that
sort of thing well what would you think
do you think oh I think I actually like
it I think it wakes me up
yeah but somewhere we are going to today
is Grand Designs live 2014 London
yay so yeah Grand Designs live is
basically it's just like that it's kind
of like ideal home show anyway so they
have a home interior I have a home
building that have a DIY that have a
technology section so that is all gonna
be happening today so get ready you
don't get sensory overload a lot of
stuff coming yeah I need a shower first
okay
you give wait you're not gonna you think
of these these are so these are so these
are I wish the camera could tell
oh-ho-ho-ho-ho and then we've got a
beautiful beautiful baby boy and just
sleeping over here I don't know if you
guys ever describe people as animals but
that's like one of my favorite pastimes
and one of my best skills there's
actually I can look at a person and know
straight away panda bird dinosaur and be
quite specific yeah you already could
identify the true an animal I have yes
anyway I was just talking to ask him
about someone only nice things house
that was like he's got such a
personality I'm like I know if he was an
animal he'd be a cockatoo and I was like
dude what is the copper tube I'm like
yeah I'm like not caca toot cockatoo but
yeah I turn it sounds like a big parent
I sort of yeah and so then googling
ensued Nayda and business do you think
would you say that once again SC to the
B is spot on se B's true animal instinct
is on point yeah it is so if you know
what animals we would be it's not Panda
it's like kinda I'm a pack you know I
don't know what I am someone once told
me and I was like that's it and now I
can't remember so if you guys know what
animals we are I'm actually very curious
I would give you like a beaver because
I'm Canadian I just regret you for the
little jaunt around the block and this
guy actually said like oh is that a
greyhound I was like yeah he say oh I
used to have a greyhound and then I was
like talking about greyhounds like oh
what's yours Nate what's the name of
your dog and I said Reggie and he
thought I said Betty so he kept calling
Reggie Betty and then I kept saying
hee-hee-hee and he's like Oh Betty
that's an odd name for a boy and I was
like thread gee like but the guy loved
Reggie like he was just saying about how
he had a girl greyhound and he doesn't
have her anymore but he's like I really
want to get another one
but he saw a cat Reggie did and this was
his mouth like trembling you already saw
the cat he's like this I just want to do
a quick outfit of the day Aslan says I
look like an office worker now I don't
know about you guys but I don't take
that offensively I think yeah that's
pretty cool and I said to Adam like you
just think that because I never wear
grown-up clothes I'm always in pajamas
we will start from the bottom of these
are my sandals from dune they're just
like nude really comfortable sandals my
jeans are the Topshop Jamie jeans I
adore these jeans with a passion a
little black cami from Topshop as well
and I just have tucked in my jacket is
from Topshop it's like uh it's like a
specular green thing my necklace is from
Zara and my sunglasses are from and
other stories so they pop those on that
is the look now Aslan says I look like
an office worker but ladies ladies you
probably go through this as well you try
on clothes and your boyfriend or your
girlfriend is like no no that doesn't
look good that doesn't look good and you
know what I say that you just can't
and though this and I just wear it
anyway
I think it's nice I know what do you
guys think Reggie is sporting his
brand-new tie your coat made by Prada oh
and as always I'm wearing my Rebecca
Minkoff bag as well so we just made it
to the show only to discover that Aslan
forgot the tickets
sorry I printed them off folded them up
put them in my pocket for some reason I
didn't so he does have an email
confirmation we're hoping that they'll
accept it but I think we all know that
they won't
oh well what can you do stay love you
here we are here we are welcome to Grand
Designs lives anybody else a fan of this
show in this host look at you Kevin
look at you so we're at the ticket
barrier and I was just trying to pull up
the email and the phone's not working
the 3G won't load the attachment brush
brush thank you thank you very much
everything everywhere I don't think so
nothing you know what damn fries are
very mine
I've suggest that he turned his phone on
and off however his home button sleep
button is broken so if he turns it off
you'll never be able to turn it back on
well never I'll have to plug into
competes in the senior editor about yeah
you updated on whether or not we get in
little updates I'm gonna actually pass
this over mm so honey we can go over to
the administration desk and they can
reprint the tickets with a reference
number because I do have the reference
number but I don't necessarily have to
be here I can't download the tickets I
can't download the attachment because
the AOL servers are down I know it's my
fault which I'm still using an AOL email
that's right ladies gentleman 2014 I
still use my AOL email bloody serves it
out so yeah we're now going to the
administration debts we should no doubt
we will have to queue for probably
another half an hour they finally got
the tickets I stays on a toilet break so
you know
swinging first to get done
Oh
as sad as I am for the tour sections of
interiors that build the best kitchen
and bathrooms and guard means back there
I stay wants to go to interiors because
I found that the best one here are these
things that's
look an amazing
like shake it shake it shake it oh
they've got some 3d printers here look
at that
I was find impressive where they make
moving things amazing ball bearings and
anything that's kind of cool and this is
the first time you see the 3d printer
not understand 3d printers the first
time I heard of it I was like no idea
what that's well but now you get it
right now I see it it's like it melts
plastic it's not a predator
it's anchors plastic and it's 3d rather
the 2d printer visited now I don't get
it
I just think about it like at home if
you ever had any something like you lost
or there's like a little bit that you
need for something you'll never find it
you can use a 3d printers to print it
like you know it'll cost you a couple
Quaid and weatherman
okay for example you lose you lose your
keys and hopefully one day don't we like
the plastic is hot
or other you Alysa fighting component
like a small corner in a car
so as one has found a rowing machine
that is like a water rowing machine
thing and the guy who is working here
trying to sell the machines like oh it
looks like you rode before so that's
buttered him up and now he's on it and
he does like rowing you're pretty good
at it seems to love it oh my god guys
it's happening it's happening Kevin
Kevin see in the real flesh
I think ready to the mermaid and does he
start to become a new template regarding
that we couldn't complete we sushi
dinner like very nothing oh look and
remember that show on TV where he was
where they're salvaging that big
airplane I know if you saw that was like
a tunnel for whether they were they had
a big airplane like it's a big old 747
they were instead of recycling and
getting win that way they're trying to
make objects and sell them and make the
money that way before
so I think some of the objects are here
these are like birdhouses made out of
the Airways from the aircraft
and this is a kind of a way to see peach
wigwam thing that I made out of there
might as well cool yeah
now I think we'll go to the the bailed
section of my favorite this is pretty
cool
this is like a like Lego but for
architects like this is actually a real
grown-up Lego we've got little pieces
and you can make book components and
then you've used what is called off kids
the words yeah they're big fellas oh
yeah here's some finish was before he
stick and leave the stick is in there
you can see there's gonna stairs inside
I was just completely sucked in by the
tool on infomercial demonstration over
here the tool on two thousand two
hundred thousand is freaking amazing
cuts tile easy no problem these things
in my life just makes one little mark
cuts the tile good things for a drill
and it was awesome value with thirty
pounds for the whole lot oh good
I have never cut tile I've never screwed
anything in my life but I want this like
that it's only useful if you don't have
like a second half I wish I could film
him doing it because it was so
convincing well well well guess who just
got sucked in himself to be draw perfect
lines totally free hand
we bought a near house look at this
ashley is quite comfortable looking I
would say so we're done the first two
sections and we've escaped in time for
lunch and I think we're actually gonna
head on over to this burger place Azlan
sense that he thinks it's gonna be good
fine burger company and it's actually
there's no line at all so that's good
well before there was a really long line
so I'm happy I was like here we go
25-minute line and you know letting
meeting you know you know I'm saying
okay I'm losing I'm really hungry
okay the fries yeah and burger we
haven't tried yet but looks good nice
little cheese with fried combo okay
after lunch we feel the energized fetid
water sewing hitting up the kitchens and
bathrooms which is the penultimate lots
of fish tanks around here and I'm
looking at fish something's so calming
about the fish oh look at that one you
guys know I'm in the middle of trying to
get my driver's license and I'm trying
to think what kind of car do I want
now here's an option it's a fully
electric car it's called the Zowie
we just sat in it for the first time I'm
just I'm just playing out options but um
I like it looks I think it's really cute
and I want to get an electric car I know
I know some people might think that's
weird
plug in - not even a hybrid she was a
full plugin I want an electric car
because I only drive I will only drive
ride London really quick like not a lot
of driving and I like the idea of unless
your car so this is an option but we
shall see
not not promising anything I'll keep you
posted we are now in the garden section
but the best thing but the garden
section is half of it is actually in
commercial section so it has like all of
the people doing demonstrations of
various products that probably don't
work at all but you buy them anyway I
remember last year I got sucked into the
eco egg which I did use for a really
long time then it started making my
clothes smell weird
and then that we also got a lint roller
and many other things I got this ice
cream it was 250 per single scoop
although I think this is actually two
scooters yeah see 3d 3d here like to say
nothing compared to that shoes I had in
Italy old school felt amazing so he's
actually having a chat with the
gentleman from backseat dogs and cats
home you guys remember that we saved
Polly / Oprah and a couple blogs back
and she was about to see dog X what this
week yeah she was a Battersea Dogs so if
you've never heard of Battersea dogs and
cats home is it the largest like animal
shelter in London yeah by far like it so
there they have three branches and they
are the biggest kind of animal welfare
company in in London we were told
unfortunately for the first time ever
that see dr. Haskell is running a
deficit they are not making enough money
so that's why they're now asking the
public for donations so we will leave a
link down below monthly world supply for
the monthly donations well we can't good
you have to at least 25 years old yeah
thank you said you can go on the website
and do like why not yeah one of them is
which ones link that so if you can you
know help laughing those out yeah first
time a deficit so yeah we're just going
to be more garden section here suing
pools God's out of that we need any of
this I have a feeling we're kind of on
the way it's pretty much being finished
don't we nearly so yeah exactly
I think we actually underestimated we're
leaving even before you finish that I do
like this like a card other than leads
you down what are you doing over there
lady what's going on what are you doing
yeah that's it so I think we are on our
way home because we're gonna see Reggie
better take him out the poor guys be on
his own for like four and a half hours
now so yeah what are you we're just
walking Reggie and Aslan's like oh maybe
we should get some of these logs bring
them home I'm like what for he's like I
don't know typical typical typical there
is no way a side table there isn't it oh
my god Aslan's always wanted to be one
of those guys who runs on the logs
however I don't think this is the best
place to learn in the water though in
the water
Reggie's like I don't think he's very
safe actually come on please please stop
I had a quick little outfit change from
the sandals to my teks flats because
they're so comfortable and the sandals
were kind of hurting my feet I also took
off the Blazer and added my favorite
suede jacket from Topshop because again
it was a little bit chilly and I just
needed some some comfort and Aslan is
still looking at those lungs ladies how
do you go through this on a regular
basis as well this is like manly time
let's look at some logs huh I'm gonna
stay I really like this little
passageway I think it looks very nice
surrounded by both sides by what looks
like baby's breath but actually isn't
baby breath
cowards yeah nice nice
oh yeah there's like a whole field of
them head on you - oh it's like a yeah
Oh
oh yeah oh yeah baby I see it it's dead
bit they're down barely did it these
ones here yeah this is what happens
Reggie come on don't buddy you're not
ready pulling on him he's just like he
just won't go he just refuses to walk
anymore he walks like 20 minutes and
then after that that's it cuz I'm going
home I'm just taking a little breather
you could call it a breather a little
relaxing session in bed I actually came
up here to put my lounger on and if you
are a regular SC button comm reader you
will know which ones I'm wearing I did a
blog post about these last night I put
them on last night for the first time
and I had that one for like an hour
before I was like I need to do a blog
post on these and I like my blog is a
beauty blog this is not a pajama blog
but it was for yesterday because the
ones I'm wearing right now oh boy let me
tell you I just want to live in them
like I literally could not wait to get
home and get these on anyway I'm just
kind of working up the strength to wash
my face does anyone do that like I'm not
particularly tired but you know and you
just don't really want to do it but you
know you have to but I might show you
guys what I'm gonna use to wash my face
tonight to remove my makeup la dee la do
la maybe another five minutes removing
the makeup with a body shop chamomile is
silky cleansing oil like the stuff a lot
now I'm taking a little bit of the
Bioderma micellar water with a cotton
pad
my eye makeup and stuff next I'm going
to use the body shop tea tree cool and
creamy wash which I just got and it is
amazing amazing amazing amazing more on
this soon some of this Amara because uh
queen of Hungary mist which just spray
all over my face and a little bit of the
keels super multi corrective cream okay
face washed and I think I'm just gonna
take maybe 20 minutes just to read some
of my book it's the book called across
the universe it is by Beth Revis I hope
that's how you say it I posted an
Instagram or tweet about this and people
were like oh is that a good book and I
can't really say if it's a good but
because I'm only on page 35 so once I
finish it I will let you know if I liked
it Reggie's just hanging around here
mister Coolio
one thing that Rickey does like to do is
to bring his two pillows together to
form a sort of second bed nice take
school calls at the couch got the bed
over that yeah this is a Reggie's new
bed the Costco bed didn't rework out too
well because it just smells so bad you
know spawn so bad so yeah that had to go
I know even after we watched it small
just so weird
so funny I was like you know what it's
time to get Reggie a bed that's a fit
for his size because we could never find
a bed like shopping around I was big
enough for him so honest again I bet
that was his size and then that would be
good for his skinny little body cuz you
know he doesn't have that much fat to
Pat him so I had to get something nice
and cushy a single piece of memory foam
mattress so it's not like him beat it in
pieces so none this is gonna travel and
it's got this thing around the outsides
he can rest his head and best of all
customized would have Reggie oh yeah and
it's big enough for him so this is
perfect you like it yeah one thing about
that bed is for the record I was against
it but Reggie adores it and he can
actually lay down and he he's not
constricted it's literally the it was
like made for him it's his exact length
and yes it's big yes it's crazy yeah but
he loves it and considering he sleeps
for 20 hours a day he should have a damn
comfortable bed
are you enjoying a bone then we're
joining both muddy oh yeah get it off
the carpet so you know rub it into the
carpet that's fine that's good thanks
so I think we're gonna end the vlog here
it's it's winding down time it's like
eight o'clock at night almost and we're
just gonna chill out I'm gonna do my
emailing I'm gonna reply to comments
although it looks like YouTube is down
just catch up on some stuff that I
missed out on today cuz we're at the
show okay and what are you gonna do I
might work in a desk all right so we're
gonna wrap it up and we will see you in
the next vlog bye
if you didn't see our last vlog I would
highly recommend it because you can see
me
whooping Aslan's but in a rap battle
that's true I think I did get beaten a
lot of people didn't point that out in
the comments my only defense is that I
was driving at the same time so driving
rapping it's dangerous think I'm doing
kids don't drive enough so make sure you
check out that vlog there's a rap battle
there's some gardening crazy
crazy times
