good morning to you Reggie what are you
doing besides stretching long time no
see since I was last in America we had
such a good time in Dallas however the
last day I think I mentioned in the vlog
but I got so sick and I was pretty much
sick with the entire month of April
you could say that but then it hit me
we're like a ton of bricks on the last
day we were there right before the
Meetup
I just got so sick and I had like a
little strep throat going on I had some
chest problems couldn't actually breathe
it was pretty much I think that's the
sickest I've ever been and it was the
worst I've ever felt so I feel really
bad for Florin Amelia who had to listen
to me like coughing and like sneezing
the entire plane right back but what are
friends for right I couldn't help but
that's just it was just horrible but I'm
feeling a lot better now now you can say
we've got a big mess going on here yeah
as per always but I'm actually going to
quickly try to clean up this little area
here including vacuuming aka hoovering
so all of you people who want to get a
dog keep in mind this is what happens
because of this guy right yeah he's a
very messy dog I think that's something
you forget when you're like oh I really
want to get a dog you don't realize the
cleanup involved with the dog especially
because we've got a white floor we have
to vacuum like every what would you say
it's like every two days yeah
just to like maintain a normal and every
two days yeah at least every two days
this is about 48 hours worth of damage
and this is just because he's eating
kibble down his bowl and just go
everywhere I was thinking of crazy maybe
uh like a bowl where there's a big like
Coon his head in like he has to eat yeah
because he takes the kibbles and then he
walked right he goes like it and if you
like leaves crumbs everywhere so all
right let me just vacuum myself I just
finished hoovering only to find that
Aslan was busy himself putting the nuts
in the pickling jars hi it is tea time
for me in my new Dallas mug whoo
this mug was actually given to me by the
nicest viewer at the meetup in Dallas of
course Dallas Dallas mug Dallas fear she
must have known that I really liked my
Toronto mug from Starbucks like this so
she got me this Dallas mug and I just
adore it so much so big Thank You Tube
I can't remember your name I am awful
with names the other day someone
introduced himself say the name was
Stephanie like hi I'm Stephanie I'm like
oh hi Robin or something like that it
was just like that like I'm just so bad
with names anyway I really appreciate
her getting this mug for me because I
love it and I'm gonna drink out of it
all the time and if you didn't watch
that Dallas meetup vlog you'll know that
somebody freaking amazing gave me the
Oprah chai tea she actually got a hold
of this before it launched in store so I
was so excited cuz I didn't think I'd be
able to get the Oprah chai it's
basically just like regular chai tea I
haven't tried it yet because I haven't
had any taste buds but tonight is the
night where I try the Oprah chai the
Oprah chai and you guys have been
tweeting me pictures of you getting
Oprah chai and they also have iced Oprah
chai which i think is really cool so I
cannot wait to try this tonight yum yum
yum nice little mango for breakfast Oh
Danny go good one feel so good to be
back in the park with reg always little
foot got tangled come on it's okay he
gets so worked up when his leash goes
around his legs anyway I just wanted to
quickly talk about my current tinted
lip-balm
let's see if I can find it in my pockets
now so this is the Pixy shea butter lip
balm it's in the shade ripe raspberry
and it is so nice I got this a while ago
and I was like I have so many tinted lip
balms but this one in particular is like
super creamy super moisturizing but you
can see it's got lots of pigment and
really glossy and just loving that so
just saying just in case you cared so
should we go in the park first to go to
the market first do you well when does
the market close probably in about 10-15
minutes
well then I think the obvious answers
let's get crackin I want a cronut last
night I was watching Cake Boss
he was talking about cupcakes I have
never experienced the joy that is a
cupcake everybody always rambling on
about cupcakes how good they are you
know it's like a massive trend but like
I never liked them because ever when I
had was like crusty and dry but now I'm
like on the hunt to get the best cupcake
experience I really wanted to like taste
a good cupcake I was think about
cupcakes all night so yeah I'll get to
have a good to have like an amazingly
delicious cup yeah I'm normally very dry
should we go very sugary just I just
don't get that feeling that most people
seem to get when they eat a cupcake but
lots of people recommended Lola's and a
couple other bakeries I wrote them all
down so we might have to take a little
cupcake excursion maybe next week or
something or maybe tomorrow everybody is
just like meditating and relaxing in the
park today that's cool isn't it good for
them walk walk walk walk so here is the
funfair if anybody likes fairs you're
gonna like looking at this
yeah there's nobody there in the tall
grass peeing on tall grass don't do mean
don't sue hey walk through tall grass
walk through focus on that pavement on
the pavement the market is booming once
again I have a feeling we might not be
able to get a bucket because it's so
busy there I suppose a cake hole they'll
probably do it good cupcake yeah well
cupcakes don't know what they get well
let's see we can maybe try but I am kind
of hungry I definitely want a cronut and
we shall see what else I get yesterday
could not resist the toasted cheese
action going on over here see that those
pieces of bread with the TiVo is pretty
good and they twist me over there you
excited for your gourmet toasted cheese
yeah it's toasting right now I got it
split in half so you can have half so
thank you yeah it's like it's Kings
cheddar what's that Oh more like extra
mature cheddar it's gonna be good yeah
what have you been doing
are you been selling cheese give me
cheese mother here's your hat
oh wow it was good thank you yeah I'm so
excited to eat this Oh is there anything
in this well more satisfying than a
grilled cheese no well I wouldn't call
it's a grilled cheese the goat make girl
food
but yeah it's amazing well the cheese is
so like salty and amazing isn't it
well so is this just regular cheddar
this would be a magma together it's
really really good
mmm I'd like to get some olives now they
have a big like all over stand it's here
every weekend but yeah I'm kind of
craving some all of their about lots of
different types so maybe we'll get like
a specialty kind do you want almost yeah
looks just so good I got three different
types one I didn't even get olives to
all kinds and one pickled garlic they go
go oh I love pickled on it okay I've
never had that before and the lady who
was like Manning me I'll say I was like
try this this pickled garlic you might
like it I was like damn damn so when I
get home I'm gonna show you what is in
this little container because oh I'm
excited like okay I may work a wrap or a
salad Burnet food Wow he's a kid pickle
girl I'm addicted it's good you wanna
join up footing okay yeah I don't
and this just for research research yeah
uh yeah you want me to get it okay I
love the sweets this time not so much
ladies seize any opportunity panel you
know so here we go look at Reggie he's
like I love cupcakes
he loves anything okay I just want to
eat this now before I get squashed
yeah oh you've been craving cupcakes
like 24 hours look my god
and she said she preferred vanilla -
chocolate yeah what are you doing that
unwrapped um feel and then just go into
this org and it's made like all
organically like organic okay everything
I know Reggie likes organic their energy
look at his big he's like grumbling okay
should I get this on camera
right what yeah good dry my brain
no it's good yeah you see why people
like through cupcakes now it's good yeah
it's one of the better ones I've had I
still don't think this is what people
are talking about the Evo guys were
happy but it's good and it's hitting the
spot what was that place called
something hold yeah football okay cool
yeah something cool you want to bite no
I'm not the guy I'm not a big like yeah
okay okay oh I talked you into it
yeah
like any other competition it's just
very sweet another flavor - it's just
sweet I'll give it back I want it thanks
dad
no no the raging he's running hello
I love how this chair is here every
single weekend and like no one's ever
questioned it like where did it come
from in the middle of the park a bird
just flew up there really close by am i
even filming right oh yeah there is look
that's so close I hope it doesn't crap
on me
I have been crapped on one too many
times to count not today buddy not today
these are the olives and the garlic what
do you say when you see that oh wow
Mamma Mia
yeah mama yeah sorry I really like to
talk going on look at that this is like
mint mint olive do you want to try one
of these
okay I'll do him in call him mmm I'll go
for another garlic garlic is so good I'm
didn't let me go for garlic it was like
crunchiness is if I thought about
actually going down to a garden center
because you need to sort out the garden
because it's overgrown with weeds and
whatnot so we should do it before and
after because things are going crazy all
right so we're gonna through godsends
gonna buy some bushes gotta get me some
Bush ladies you know plumb the bushes
it's all going to be hopefully holds it
culturally interesting and enlightening
what even if I either come with me we
have force what what I was married if
I'm really gonna try to start doing more
outfit of the days so here's what I'm
wearing today it's nothing exciting but
I just thought you know why not show you
anyway this jacket is like the most
beautiful suede gray jacket from Topshop
do you love this jacket watch jacket
that's like the best piece yeah I think
this is the exactly the best piece piece
how fashion ep's the best fashion B's
that I have I I just love it totally
worth the money for me just I'm obsessed
with leather jackets now you guys know
that this sweater is also from Topshop
it is a really old I don't think I have
it and then I've got this tucked in in a
really strange way but it's this tank
top is actually half cashmere half
cotton I think and that's what the girl
in Topshop told me anyway it is the
softest thing
I just like to wear like something
underneath just for my own self I should
probably talk that improperly but you
know laziness my jeans are from whistles
I bought the ripped version of these
which you can see on my blog I adored
them so much that I went back and got
these ones they're the exact same except
they just have no rips and then my
trainers are my New Balances which are
great I mean if one is right I think in
New Balance 420 s I'll link to something
similar down below oh and my bag is the
Rebecca Minkoff wish again they don't
make this exact one anymore but they do
very similar once and my sunglasses like
every other pair of sunglasses I own is
from and other stories remain just other
stories yeah everybody says the end just
I never heard of a silent and but I
really like these I'm like on a
sunglasses kick lately so take a look in
the description box below for a direct
link to any of these items and I think
we gotta get cracking to the garden
center we do Aslan is just getting some
directions to actually get to this
nursery but I thought that this was the
perfect chance for me to tell you about
the drama oh the drama I got home and I
was unpacking I was like that's weird
like we're half of my Sephora purchases
because we went to Sephora two times and
the second time was when I really like
hit the mother lode and bought the
things that I've been wanting to buy for
ages specifically some Josie Maran stuff
and some stuff from la vanilla
I bought the lava nila perfume a
deodorant a Josie Maran blush a cleanser
and I think like one or two other things
and I realized that they weren't in my
bag and then I thought okay maybe flirt
or amelia has in their bag by accident
they didn't have it call the hotel
called the mall calls everywhere trust
me you're probably thinking oh did you
do that is you check this yes I checked
everything this went on for like what
two days of me like being like so upset
about this sephora stuff but I'm over it
no I'm not over I'm probably never gonna
go over but I've accepted it now that
I'm not gonna get the stuff back and
I'll just have to buy it again but it's
like oh I just don't understand how it
happened but what I want to know is have
you guys ever left something in a hotel
room like forgotten something in a hotel
room or when you were traveling just
because I feel like if you tell me your
stories maybe it's gonna help me come to
terms with this a little bit more
there's something about losing something
that just gets to you and you just
retrace your steps
retrace the day think I could have done
that I could have done that but you're
not gonna get it back
I know it's just things it's not like
really that important but please leave
me a comment down below have you ever
lost something in a hotel room or
something like that I'm just I'm just
devastated about this I'm over it now
but it's just like I wanted to share
that information I was gonna do Sephora
haul but I only have about three things
left because I lost the rest oh it kills
me it kills me kills me I tweeted about
this and everyone was like this is like
a makeup tragedy the makeup tragedy of
2014 another thing is somebody gave me
this pillow pet Reggie has totally taken
it over
he loves it it's like his favorite thing
Oh Reggie but he loves his painting so
hello everything yeah I instagrammed a
picture of this pig and thanking the
person who gave that to him he just
absolutely loves it so yeah these toys
like they've just made his life he's
like ditched all of his other toys and
just uses new ones now besides his
squirrel oh he had this to this
hilarious Tiger which is kind of like a
mini Reggie it's like a mini Reggie and
he used this as a pillow the other day
I'll insert a picture and he just loves
it so once again guys thank you that
meetup was amazing let's not get
emotional again like we've already done
this once or twice before but yeah let's
roll to the nursery whoo here we are at
the nursery if you can see anything it's
really senators tons of gardening stuff
I feel like we're in a forest or
something look at how many like flowers
are around I guess that's what a nursery
is but it's really cool I remember my
mom taking me to nurseries and stuff
when I was a kid she like loves
gardening and stops she's really good at
it unlike me I was like I said jazz and
I was like so besides bushes like what
else do you put in there but I think we
are just gonna go for like the bush look
you know what I'm saying the full bush
that's the look we're timeless mr.
muscles is putting them bushes in the
cart
if you remember from one of our last
blogs we went to being cute and I think
they're like 35 pounds per plant 2014
and these are like 20 pounds so stuff
it's a bargain it's a bargain I think
I've been sent on a mission to get
another cart so let's see how this thing
works oh geez
let's get the rest of those bushes in
here load it up all the bushes and sweat
on one I think this is the outdoor
furniture what no I don't know you this
oh my god but I have one of these a
Weber smoker barbecue and these are
awesome
basically the barbecue but you put the
coals in the bottom and then you put
like wood chips and it smokes the meat
on a really low easy I just woke up stay
calm but to get ready since these sheets
look really good
biggis good Oh keep like that I think
that's a nice but nursery's is not only
is it plants but it's also like all this
gorgeous outdoor stuff
I love bosses and just anything you can
put flowers in oh yes I'm a groaning of
woman I am a growing up woman that make
sense
Azlan event is glory look what we found
big ones tall ones even is flat one
thing like oh my god this is such a nice
selection isn't it
so we'll take all those where I'm
getting and here are some gorgeous
succulents I don't know what I like more
seconds or cacti what do you think I
think cacti as well but I think
succulents are so pretty and like the
understated cacti but these are so cool
I specifically love this one so it's got
a flower and look at how nice this is
oh okay so should we get a cart
they're also amazing at first I thought
these were like miniature tomatoes but
now I'm not sure it says nerd or Astrid
I don't know something you may not know
about Alan and I we when we drive
together we have rap battles every time
we drive we're gonna try to do it now
but me with the camera is different okay
we're gonna be doing the rap battle and
get a fit me atopic and say we can do
many topics flowers flowers oh yeah oh
yeah
listen to as we went down to the flower
shop no no it was no fluff we got some
bushes we've got some flowers got some
cactus and succulents here yeah
succulents yeah we love cactus it's my
topic okay your topic is uh don't oh
snap McDonald's drive-thru what oh what
oh what when I do I love those burgers I
love those fries look at those fries
look into my eyes eat those fries jump
yum yum okay my tongue catching it
waving it saying goodbye no no no I
don't want to die nice yeah good luck
healthy mother a lesson in the end of it
all right no that's good
so there you have it just a little
snippet into our rap battles that like
they're normally way better because we
usually swear a lot more we got to keep
it you know on the DL yo yo yo yo I'm
just like so robbery like real pretty
rough you don't know you don't know yo
yo yo yo yo
we went to the nursery today and listen
up to what goose has to say here's a
nice little view of Westminster and Big
Ben up in there I think this is one of
my favorite parts of London I think it's
so pretty every time I Drive around here
or walk around here I just like can't
believe I actually live in London it's
pretty cool I think there's something
about Big Ben that I just can't get
enough of I just love it touristy I
don't care we went to wagamama last
night and I got some chicken ramen and I
also got so many other things but I ate
the ball but anyway I had some ramen
leftover I didn't know you could
actually take ramen like takeaway to
bring it home with you I said to the
waiter oh I can't finish this is there
any way I can get it home least I can no
problem so now that's paying off because
I'm reheating the ramen
oh yeah chicken ramen oh you gonna let
me take your pillow
No can I have your pillow
no he does love us He loves us way more
than his other pillow pet which has been
schmuck over to the sidelines he's
obsessed with this this is like a proper
pillow pet as well
your dinosaur named Ino can i name it
Dino
do you know and Richie oh ok so here are
the bushes in the back garden on these
are the planters so we're going to pop
them in the planters in here this is how
they were before this is you see I
already just I did Reedy we did those
just a second ago but all the weeds were
kind of going all the way along here so
yeah we left them grow for like nine
months and so and that's what happens Oh
lovely Reggie you're just peeing you're
playing one of the bushes nice I like to
see that marking a territory Reggie's on
his evening walk his favorite time of
days
sniffing around seeing if he can find
any squirrels Aslan's making very good
progress on the bushes along has taken
me a long time however there's been a
slight discrepancy here this one's a
little too far to the left no oh my god
you're just pulling it out like that Wow
Reggie's back he's loving life had his
walk now he's listening to his jazz
music oh thought he saw a fly I thought
this was gonna be a quick little update
no 40 minutes I'm going to be staring at
this screen so much for editing today's
vlog I have a very boring job of putting
at these clothes away and his bedding
fits our bed I instagrammed a picture of
it the other day I just love it love it
love it so as when was like saying to me
that he's got a new manly method of
putting the shrub in the hole yeah well
I mean I dug the hole and now I'm like
oh what do i do how can I keep up this
in an efficient manner ladies and
gentlemen that is how it's done
there you go nice how it's done easy oh
look at this guy oh hey it's a meal I
think you guys have actually met it'd be
a lot of log we weren't we may have met
you know where did you buy back
Portobello
Portobello Road market it meals just
over for what trying to steal on dinner
again something like that I'm going
Amil always comes over roughly around
dinnertime usually on the weekends and
casually just has dinner that very much
money so he comes over in the steel
floor Iseman so it's good food but I
think you're gonna make pasta tonight
maybe a barbecue
are you interested have to see you let's
see that right that's a hell yes Sigma
time every day I'm editing find the pig
toy nice little in a line man that's
good that's good then on the other side
here also and a little line x-ray look
at that oh yeah
so mean Emile and listen to some smooth
jazz making some food here are gonna
make a meal we're gonna make some
lasagna lasagna yeah no we're not making
lasagna okay we're not make money making
our God not with these highfalutin on
delicious pastas I just say it's a
pretty nice life when I got two guys
making me dinner yeah I feel like queen
members we're all ready for some dessert
now and I think I'm gonna go for my
chocolate cake and I think Ashlyn and
Emil will flip the donut cake I'm
looking forward to this oh yeah
diligence walking up si yeah exciting
exciting news I'm gonna making I stay a
desk at least the start of me making a
stare desk yeah I'm actually really
excited to Adams gonna make me a desk
like I think it's so cool these make
everyone he's never needed desk before
so yeah exciting times so it's not like
a flat-pack Ikea desk I'm gonna try and
make it a bit uh individual bit funky
hello does have some IKEA pieces in it
yeah but yeah I probably won't rug that
I might make a separate video about that
in a separate video so if anybody else
wants to make my mom will do that so I
think we're gonna wrap it up for the
evening and we will see you next time
Oh have you seen my previous vlog
unfortunately aslan was not in this one
but it was they meet up in Dallas my
last final name Dallas Dallas Texas so
you can go check that out if you missed
it anything else to say no ma'am
okay good stop
okay all right so we will see you next
time bye
