you're excited this morning hello oh
you're beautiful so Reggie is very
ticked off because for some reason the
heat turned off last night and didn't
work and it is freezing in here and
Reggie is so cold his poor little ears
were so cold oh so we've got to be extra
dye stamp today
Reggie and I are about I'd say 35 or 40
minutes into our walk and he has
basically gone nowhere like he's just
sniffing every single centimeter yeah
and not walking rot but it's fine it's
fine that's what you want to do we will
sniff every tree every leaf every post
this is the best part of your life your
walks you love it it is really chilly
outside today like even this fake grass
has frost on it this is the funniest
sign I've ever seen this person is
serious about picking up dog crap just
do it just do it
it really is freezing outside oh it's
crazy it can go from like not too cold
to like absolutely freezing and a matter
of about two seconds so anyway I'm going
to feed Reggie's breakfast now there he
is the sassy little Jolly Rancher he was
just like in a bit of a mood this
morning to say the least
anyway I'm kind of disappointed because
I wanted to go to the gym this morning
Reggie's really funny like sometimes
he'll walk for like five minutes
literally and then he'll want to come
home or like 10 15 tops 20 but today you
wanted to walk for over an hour so that
kind of blew my morning schedule but
it's okay um I'm going to make myself
some breakfast take a shower and then
I'm recording a podcast with Emma Gannon
she's coming by in an hour and 10
minutes
so I kinda have
to hurry up and get ready and yeah I
will see you when I look more human I'm
having a real moment with this Barretto
perfume and as you can see there's no
name it's called untitled it smells so
nice it actually reminds me of the
Cologne Aslan used to wear when we first
met it was called Gucci - and I was so
aroused by it and when I sprayed this on
myself the other day I was like it
smells like Gucci - so I really enjoy it
I know I'm gonna do my makeup now and I
thought I'd show you a few products that
I'm going to use first up is the by
terry shear expert it's just a really
nice tinted moisturizer I have the shade
3 I'm just gonna slap a little bit of
this body shop
honey bronzer on is still one of my
all-time favorite bronzers I love it and
then for blush I'm going to use a little
bit of the Daniel Sandler watercolor
blush this is in the shade Rose glow for
eyebrows I use the glossy a boy brow and
then on my lips is the Rimmel exaggerate
lipliner and this is in the shade 1-0 -
peachy beachy on my eyes I used a bit of
the Charlotte Tilbury cream eyeshadow in
the shade bet this is like probably one
of my most used I shadow zhh I adore it
and then for mascara I used the Too
Faced better than sex mascara which I
love and I think that's pretty much it
on my face I feel like my makeup is
really springy summery right now but I
don't know I just feel a bit drab today
so I wanted a little bit of something
something and I just really love this
lip liner this is just the lip liner on
my lips you just put it on like this
it's amazing is this a weird thing for
you guys to watch me just put on my lip
liner just love it it's kind of like
addictive to just be like oh I can
imagine me like four hours later just
like going all the way around so the
guest of honor has arrived okay
it's with my podcasting equipment yes so
we're gonna like I said we're gonna
record this podcast and I don't know
what we're gonna discuss but you're the
interviewer extraordinaire so we're
gonna see you're gonna get deep / have
fun yes when is this going to be out you
think um in like a week okay oh that's
pretty hungry to see I really a
Christmassy nice legs people today
lovely so let's get cracking let's do it
so am I was just gone
and I have made the big mistake of
eating and all of that has gone bad it's
not great not a great situation being
here are the culprits I mean they look
delicious but let me tell you they are
bad bad olives back I have like a
million and one things to mail so I have
loaded up the car and I'm going to take
extra to take them to like four
different places this to the post office
this to collect Plus this to a DPD
pickup place so I'm gonna go do that now
I am literally having the worst luck
ever went to the post office closed I
went to the collect plus place and the
store was being demolished it has been
an hour and I have not mailed a single
thing so so anyway that was a complete
fail I managed to drop off two of the
boxes but the rest no I'm gonna have to
do that at another time um so I just got
home
I walked Reggie just to quick like
five-minute walk around the block and
now he's eating a bone I gave him a
little bone and he's very very excited
speaking of being excited I'm making
myself some lunch because it's 2 o'clock
did you hear that the clock just turned
just turned 2 and I'm heating up the
rest of those meatballs that I had last
night and I'm just going to have the
exact same thing which I loved
so I'm going to do that and try to
quickly reply to some emails and then
I've got to get going outdoors again
it's very cold I did make an order at
pixie and it just came in today so I
thought I'd show you I got there
correction concentrate which is supposed
to go under your eyes to help brighten
up your eye area see what this looks
like it's just in this cute little pot
it's a nice peach color so I'm excited
about that I also got this little eye
shadow palette which is kind of like a
different color palette for me but I'm
kinda into like peachy pink colors and I
thought this looked so pretty on the
website I also got this lip gloss
because I had this applied to me when I
was at beautycon in New York and it was
honestly one of the most gorgeous
neutral shades so I had to get that and
that is in the shade honey Sheen I also
got this little kit because I wanted a
travel sized skin tonic or
Oh tonic sorry and then this came with
two other little mini ones that I wanted
to try those too so I just got the kit
and I also got their skin mist which is
kind of like the tatcha dewy skin glow
spray stuff just helps set your makeup
so I wanted to see how that compared and
this is exciting my lovely friend
Eleanor sent me these I guess which ball
she says this is Aesop's latest launches
I could like I have this in my shower
right now body scrub but maybe this is a
different one
but it looks kind of similar anyway and
there's also this which is a facial
concentrate and this is a face oil I
think I've tried that one and this is
the parsley seed cream oh I think that
will be really good thanks Eleanor and
very excited about this package with
three glorious products from Illya but
it's an all-natural brand and their
stuff is gorgeous so let me just unbox
these so this is their multi stick it's
in the shade all of me so you can put
that on your lips and your cheeks and
then there's two highlighters so this is
the sort of like Oh Polly color and this
is more of a bronze color oh my gosh let
me swatch these on my hand so that's
what they look like you can see the
highlighters at the bottom and then the
multi stick they're very exciting
well I did that amateur mistake
I forgot my blog camera that's okay so
you got hey you got you got a camera in
your pocket all the time it's true
there's no excuse not to vlog anyway um
we are at a meeting together it's gonna
be good I just feel like I'm gonna be
getting a migraine now you think so oh
yeah yes I ate but um just peace of
water you know what if you had water I
don't know what's going on but like this
whole side of my head is pounding and
down my neck till you a massage that's
quite just quite nice I like Reggie all
right we have just left the meeting I
have a need and now we have an hour
before I'm doing a book signing at
Waterstones
in Piccadilly Circus in a big one the
big one yeah so we're gonna grab a
little bite to eat and then head over
there
so I said and I can
to this place called perjury or Marberry
or a domestic I'm getting fur Gary um
it's a burger place and I actually came
here yesterday with George I know guys
I'm having a little mini cheeseburgers
news day but it's so good I needed
Absalom to try it and there's a lot of
see the menu that have like loads of
different stuff I normally get to be
cheesy and they have amazing
like really good oh yeah really good
size and George got the sweet potato
fries it was so good the cheese fries
are amazing they have milkshakes
they have lemonade it's a really cool
atmosphere they definitely come check it
out you're in London it's right across
the street from Liberty the drinks have
just arrived I got a fresh lemonade with
mist and they blended it together and it
is so delicious and Asselin got an iced
tea
and he says it is sorry
oh it's gonna burgers now they do look
pretty good I got the special burger as
they achieve and they use the chopper
leaps which is quite a flavor simpatico
and onion rings I love onion rings and
circle tune your prize mmm that's good
let's hope this lives up to all of the
hype George and I have typed it out so
well so we are just going on Carnaby
Street and they've got the Christmas
lights up and they're quite nice this
year joy love and all the good things
it's amazing I love it
yeah this does do a very Christmassy
we're here you're doing the signings
quite busy as you can tell
life's cute violinists let's go
very lovely Christmassy atmosphere
count-out Christmas is most definitely
in the air
so I just finished by signing and and
Charlie rocks the my favorite car just
got a few in my life like all of
these men in this room just the one
Charlie just showed up with a big glass
of gin the blue one with my own and
serving out
but apologies for forgetting my vlog
camera and having to use my iPhone I
know that was probably annoying but
clearly I'm just not in the swing of the
vlogmas thing anyway I as I said earlier
my head just started pounding and I feel
oh god I have really bad headache right
now basically when I get a headache I
usually get a migraine so basically like
three days ago three or four days ago I
started getting a really dull headache
and I thought maybe it was just a normal
one and I took some paracetamol and I
felt fine and kind of like went away and
then yesterday it kind of started coming
back and I felt kind of weird and then
today it was a dull headache but it was
like livable and then for some reason -
like when I saw Aslan or not earlier
clip my head just like God started
pounding so if any of you guys get
migraines you know what it's like it's
crazy and I said to Aslan in the car
like it's not the headache that's
actually the thing that sucks for me
it's like all the other weirdness that
comes with a migraine so like it's
almost like confusion and like you can't
focus I can find it really difficult to
like string together a sentence right
now and like when you're talking to
people do like almost like you're in a
dream it's really strange can't really
explain it but anyway I did have a good
time at the Waterstones event so I hope
I was like making sense to all the
people that came but yeah so many lovely
people came and supported me so it's
just amazing I honestly didn't think
that many people were going to come
because I've done quite a few signings
in London already so yeah I really
appreciated all the people who came out
to say hi I was really really good um
but now
I need to take a bath so I thought I'd
show you what I'm gonna use to take a
bath with because whenever I have a
really bad headache I'd love to take a
headache because yeah whenever I have a
headache I love to take a headache
whenever I have a headache I love to
take a bath because I think the heat
like really help so I'm going to do that
now
so I started pouring the water in the
tub and save but it is freezing cold
because Oh Joey our boiler is broken so
aslan says I have to wait another 15
minutes until the emergency boiler water
kicks on and so I thought I would do a
little faced situation I just used a bit
of the fresh sugar face polish looks
like that it smells like brown sugar and
it's kind of like the texture of brown
sugar
it's lovely so did that and now I'm
going to use a little bit of the amore
visa
mud mask which I've tried before but
this is a brand new one because I loved
it so much I know it looked very scary
right now but just know that I'm
enjoying myself I love this face mask
because it it almost smells like
mentholated if that makes sense and more
Ibiza is a hungarian brand and i just
like all their stuff but this mask is
like super deep pore cleansing and I
haven't done a mask like this in a while
so that would be good to get those pores
cleaned out looks kind of crazy doesn't
it I love it update it is drying in some
areas and not in others how fascinating
this seriously it's fascinating to me
though fascinating
okay I'll stop now weirdly satisfying so
I couldn't have a bath because the water
is freezing cold
I waited 45 minutes in hopes that it
might happen and it didn't so I'm going
to do the next best thing and heat up my
hot water bottle
another really depressing thing is that
I went to put my socks on and I could
only find one what is my life so I'm
going to end it here I'm going to go
take some headache medicine and go to
sleep and I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
you
