hello everybody is the final day in
Dallas Texas we are going home and we're
not ending on a high note really because
it's raining outside here's Flair doing
your makeup leg down what are you doing
over there yes so we're supposed to be
having our meetup today and apparently
it's gonna be raining and we just hope
it's okay we shall see you know you
can't really plan these things of all
the days to I mean oh the day that it's
raining another thing I just want to
mention this to be super complaining I
woke up with the worst feeling throat
ever like razor blades in my throat
so yeah I'm also had a deceive yes to
get some medication and drugs whoo just
kidding kids no I kind of ran out of
clothes not sure how that happened so
I'm wearing the same thing I wore on the
first day which is this little play suit
from Miss Selfridge and this little
jacket from Topshop and these little
sandals from office so I only wore them
for like 15 minutes on the first day so
I'm figuring this is really an entirely
new outfit so she don't tell anybody
this is quite the pimpmobile Wow Wow
yeah you're gonna pick me up at this
later tonight Wow why do I want these so
much just tell me why why I really like
the looks of these all these minis mini
chocolate always tastes so much better
doesn't it so much candy but I'm on the
hunt for breakfast now not candy here's
the medicine I'm going for dayquil and
nyquil I think Michael will be good on
the plane tonight because it will help
me sleep a bit and then obviously the
law isn't just for my sore arrest its
right Amelia and I are sitting beside
each other on the bus we're going to
dislike tax like the excursion big
excuse
we're going to this thing like Texas
experience sort of des Cygnes this we
like riding poles and other Texas in
English so should be fun I don't know
but we have made it to these Dallas
homebrew it is pretty crazy there's a
mechanical bull over there look at this
fruit platter no I'm not I'm definitely
not yeah it's like tons of people in
here yeah it's pretty crazy oh my god we
got some music going on
has anyone ever been on one of these
before because that looks absolutely
terrifying oh my god some horses and
some crazy Bowl show Dallas was filmed
I've never seen Dallas before in my life
so I have no idea really what I'm
looking at but it's really nice very
calm out here please don't feed fingers
to the horses pretty good we're just
wandering around the house now and we
had a very amazing - regarded she was
talking about how there were some scenes
filmed in the barn and someone was in a
song and there was like a love scene and
she was like oh that's nasty and I was
like I should watch this show because
I'm interested in a little bit of nasty
time anyway we are just wandering around
it says please do not sit on this bed
whoo I really wish I knew more about
this show before I came here I'm gonna
look into this look at this bathroom
it's got all these lights and look at
this little photo right here well my mom
had similar hair to that story mom and
then look at this look at this bathrooms
the bathroom is carpeted and it's got a
couch in here this is crazy
look at that a paint bathtub check out
this room that's our tour guide talking
here's a little room in here as well it
looked like there was a murders oh I
think it's a murder scene it's
definitely a murder scene we're just
heading to the meetup now but I don't
want to speak too much because I've
completely really started to lose my
Oh throat infections what a beautiful
thing do you want to be in the vlog
everybody was asked to meet up and I
shocked but I'm a little bit nervous
quite look
I'm try not to be shy but I'm a little
bit nervous I'm just chatting to
everybody because they don't like who
makes videos I want to know why don't
you let's zoom in why are you scared
oh you do everybody has something
anything to say then you do know you've
got to do it well everybody always says
that we have too much Reggie in our
vlogs not enough Reggie I love Reggie I
can't do it as well as Aslan whenever I
do it I'm like down there like this I'm
here in the middle of the Meetup things
are getting crazy because Stephanie just
brought me the freaking Oprah chai oh my
god I've been you guys know I've been
looking all over Dallas for the Oprah
try it's not on it have you tried it
it's getting items they have a lot a
version - yeah I'm on some train
Oh cannot wait to get home and make
myself some chai I'm here with Noel and
the little dog George look at this dog
all right and they're just telling me
that they actually found each other
through YouTube because they both
watched my videos which is awesome and
they're both teachers which is really
cool and I love to hear do you have
anything you want to say to the vlog and
he sort of showed out or anything like
that okay so the meetup is officially
over and we are very drained feeling
we're very thirsty was so hot out there
in the Sun and we're a little bit hungry
so we're at this friend the restaurant
that we've found just walking back to
the hotel so we're gonna get something
to eat but it was absolutely amazing I
can't believe so many people came out
and a lot of people drove like quite far
today was originally I was was head dog
yeah so many dogs as well and I think I
actually put a couple of dogs in the
book but yeah it was absolutely amazing
and I just want to thank everybody who
came out and it was just very cool I see
it's getting emotional again but yeah it
was absolutely awesome I loved meeting
everybody someone gave me these amazing
cookies at the meetup I don't know what
brand they are sister to Tyler Texas
sister to sister and she says they're
better in the microwave fortunately we
don't have a microwave but you guys want
to try one I do they are so soft and so
good and cinnamon tea and chocolate 50
yum yum yum thank you we're just back at
the hotel now getting our bags because
we're actually heading to the airport
now but I don't think I really covered
it enough how amazing that was was such
an overwhelming experience and I really
can't put into words I'm kind of like
emotionally mentally drained right now
not to mention that I am very sick right
now but again I just want to thank
everybody who came out it was truly like
unbelievable there was the time where I
was like don't cry don't cry don't cry
because it's just really crazy to think
that so many
came to see me Fleur and Emilia is just
like crazy crazy times anyway I'm gonna
end the vlog here because we're just
heading to the airport I'm just gonna be
flying and doing boring stuff but I hope
you enjoyed the little trip to Dallas I
had such an amazing time and I was in
such great company with Emilia and Fleur
I'll link to their channels down below
but I will see you in the next vlog bye
crying because normally I either shop
alone shuffle owned in the Lone Ranger
or like Absalom fair like being like we
don't yet know you can't really have a
good time so it's just really fun
