good morning everybody it is day three
in Dallas Texas as you probably already
know by now but just thought I'd throw
that in in case you're wondering where I
was so it's about nine o'clock in the
morning we're slightly running late but
you know that's kind of to be expected
considering we got up at 7:30 I'm
surprised we're actually ready by now I
don't know what surprise but anyway
we've got quite the disaster going on in
this hotel room I'm just gonna do a very
brief overview this is this is the clean
part this is the bed that amelia and I
shared lovingly last night it's good but
like this is the disaster zone it's
insane and this is fleurs little bit I
don't think I actually showed this it's
like a giant bed yeah
James it's so funny but I woke up this
morning and I thought you were gonna be
on the bed and you weren't there and I
was like this I just had no idea where
you were yeah you didn't want to wake us
up I guess she was editing on the floor
over there
anyway we are heading out now to the
conference I thought I'd do a quick OOTD
as I do let's see it's very similar to
my other outfits but I'm not loving the
shorts and blazer thing so here is this
little outfit that I'm wearing today
it's from Miss Selfridge and it's just
like a cute little business seat but
kind of not to business a little on some
you can obviously wear it with a
different jacket but I really like the
matching match you look and I'm wearing
the same nude heels from dune again and
yep take top that's all I'm wearing my
makeup I did it pretty much in the dark
today so you know when you do that you
just kind of hope to hell it looks
normal we shall see we shall see so
we're heading out just waiting for the
elevator where is it gonna be
floors wearing ridiculous heels and we
are off to get a little drinky-poo from
starbucks i don't know why isn't
drinking I've never said that my life
what I'm drinking from the drinking food
but anyway ignore the hair stuck in my
lip gloss
Starbucks guys I am so sad the main
reason I wanted to go to Starbucks is to
get the freakin
or preach I can't get a chai anywhere
really it hasn't even been rolled out
but I don't know because people have
been tweeting me pictures of the chai
where's the chai I need the Chuck and I
just can I just interrupt you because
you lied in that previous sentence what
the only reason you came to America was
to get so true that was one of the first
things when we were deciding to come
here I was like I can get the Oprah chai
damn it wasn't physical
no screw the conference I want the chime
but anyway I just got my drapes
it's the shaken been tea shaken iced tea
lemonade and I love that did you know
you can't get the lemonade iced teas in
England and I do like them as well I do
like them but I went for the healthier
oh yeah another dog sweet green tea yeah
you're like the healthy girl going to
the gym at 5:00 a.m. yeah
for this week yeah next week it's gonna
be I'm like the girl who's going to amw
in like trying to get to in and out but
you know what this is my life and I'm
gonna live it we found a little place
for lunch we actually came to Neiman
Marcus in this fancy restaurant because
all the other ones bringing they're
packed we couldn't we just couldn't
really find anything so I just wanted to
say look at this thing of bread or
something oh my god look at this I don't
know what it is but it tastes amazing
and also a little cup of gravy to go
with it I've never experienced this
before but if this happens regularly in
Texas I'm moving oh here's my salad it
looks pretty good it's like a little bit
of a chicken that arugula or something
else salad looks good I'm really hungry
so let's do this thing we're just back
in the hotel room and Fleur and Amelia
are planning on filming a couple of
videos so I'm gonna have to be like
silent as a mouse as they film do you
like this word I like it it's kind of I
would say my skull but it's not I know
in a bronzy it's like her half rose gold
half copper what am i what do you think
of this Amelia you're my style icon - oh
cool isn't it it's not even a heavier
pick I know pick up be like Nietzsche
yeah but not heavy or anything the only
thing I don't like about it is that it's
a metal straw
I know metal straws are supposed to be
really a lot better or first all they're
better for the environment but they
leave me with that medley taste in my
mouth which I ate yeah yeah it's really
cool and like nice and geometric and
cool I think as one's gonna be quite
jealous cuz he likes this kind of stuff
it's about five o'clock maybe a little
bit later and we're finished with the
conference for the day which I think
we're all kind of excited about anyway
because that means we get to go shopping
around - damn that's my shopping motion
I cannot wait I think fleurs like what
was that yeah shopping don't know where
that came from it was almost like this
yeah it was like this we are all very
excited I don't know what struck us but
we were like oh I think we need to go
back to Sephora and I'm up for a little
bit of a snack I don't know about these
two but I'm always up for a snack so
when we go to the mall I'm gonna get a
snack I remember when we went there
there was the Cold Stone Creamery ice
cream never had that before so um yeah
if we're gonna go to the mall and get
our shopping on once again
whoo shop shop shop oh and I also
changed from my little shorts on to some
jeans so these are the jeans I actually
wrote a blog post about today if you
want to check that out I'll link it down
below they're from whistles and they are
the most comfortable jeans I've ever
worn in my entire frickin life and I'm
just wearing it with the same like top
and combo that I had before I just add
that I've been checking out your bum
since you put on those jeans and I go
bombing it for really nice I'm so happy
for sharing of that again tonight
it's funny you say that because actually
a Simon was like it's just too much
pathos I go your butt looks great you
know I know it really does I have to
second that time Wow yeah it's great
anyway they're really comfortable jeans
and I find with jeans sometimes they
just don't look right sometimes but yeah
they're awesome they're they're really
comfortable actually wore them on the
plane over here so for like nine and a
half hours I was in jeans which is that
never happened that could be like a jean
wearing record when three Beauty
youtubers come to America
naturally we're gonna be in bath and
Bodyworks I'm just gonna scare the sea
they've gotten all this new
Jake I've noticed yeah haven't seen
before that's not right
yeah like that's why you smell great oh
dear this happened I got three candles
and a candle holder oh my just pretend
that didn't happen
we're doing a self-serve yogurt
experience I cannot wait never done this
before so it looks like you grabbed this
not the small fine I like I'm gonna take
a 32-ounce err baby no no no no
always seems like all different like Oh
peanut butter Aslan would die cake
batter mango original chocolate vanilla
that's what I'm getting vanilla
oh hell to the yes
perfection this is pretty cool now you
get to choose your toppings flip that
marshmallows and mochi Mar never heard
of it what cooking my last thing I want
I won right out had mochi
oh I like it look I like them at all
with you know government alone
those on the side can you overdo it no
they can
going back into Sephora obviously whoo
prepare yourselves because I'm going to
be talking about songs yes phones the
underwear that goes up your crack those
thongs
well I've discovered a lot about flare
in Amelia and they are song advocates I
am NOT I am a granny panty lover and I
don't like this idea but they have said
that I have got to get a phone
the stretchy ones the lacy blubber cific
types so I guess I'm going to get a
phone so the song has happened and then
Lululemon happened boomer and I always
like to converse Canadian I'm so happy
that I tried them on because they're so
comfortable so I got a pair of trousers
you know how it is always working out
and whatnot no probably anywhere from
grocery store Oh
so I think it's time for another
emotional se moment have you ever seen
me get emotional over something stupid
yes yeah so I just want to have a moment
of appreciation because fleurs just
paying now but I never really get to go
shopping with girls you know like
girlfriends like I go shopping on
occasion but this is like a this spends
like a whole week and this has been like
a whole nice weekend of like hanging
with the girls I feel like I'm like one
of the girls you know what I'm saying
just saying like how nice is to go
shopping with girls and stuff and have
like girls I know my son yeah he's
getting a bit giddy
I have some people come to Jake Peru for
clothes I come for the amazing
accessories and beauty stuff such as the
Gorge deflection oh my oh my
Fleur is just trying some clothing on
and Millie and I are just chilling oh my
god you don't even want to know what we
brought like this seriously that has
tied feelings that this is the man I
honestly don't mind because we're having
such a good time and like I said earlier
I mean I know what I cry again but this
is really nice to like hang out with
people and shop because normally I
either shop alone we were just speaking
about this shop alone is a lone ranger
or like aplans they're like being like
we don't yet know and you can't really
have a good time so it's just really fun
really cool time no that's preposterous
eating study in a steak burger just a
little no no bail them out I'm too
embarrassed thumbs up I hate you I can't
believe I bought thongs what's my mother
gonna say just once on one very simple
they seemed comfortable although I asked
the girl in the Tracy girl she liked
thongs and she's like no and I was like
yeah tell me about it girl yes so that
means my methodology we were sitting
there for like half an hour yesterday be
my stage you're gonna wear thong and
you're gonna like it
I just great tell me in the comments do
you like dogs oh I'd be interested to
know thoughts on are you a thong wearer
if you're a woman yeah or man whatever I
want to know do like we are now at these
seasons 22 no FS seasons 20 to 50 52
seasons 52 I'm blind restaurant and it
looks really tasty I know I'm definitely
gonna go for the mid lemonade or maybe
the sweet tea and lemonade that's one of
my favorite things to get in North
America is like tea with lemonade it's
so good the restaurant itself is pretty
cool it's got some live music nice nice
like candle lit atmosphere very nice and
yeah here's the shopping we you know you
know we won't talk about that right now
nice Elton John going on in the
background well the headlights
oh yeah yeah I'm adding sting and
everybody else has a delicious food
let's do this thing actually I got a
really good steak it so Phil Amen yo it
was really weird because the guys like
what temperature do you want your steak
and I was like I have no idea what
you're talking about cuz normally they'd
say like how do you want your steak
prepared I was like temperature I was
like 23 years 30 degrees no idea but is
that cold I don't know learning new
things every day just go back to the
hotel and we're feeling we you know that
phrase shops Leah drop were dropped
we're dropping down now to the flow to
the flow profitless yeah we've dropped
it low yes so I think for the rest of
night we're just going to chill out I
know Claire and I have some editing to
do and Amelia has some editing to do
we're just going to be editing trying to
sort up this hotel room which is like
the biggest disaster ever calm sigh yeah
so I'm gonna cut the vlog off here make
sure you check out Fleur and Amelia's
channels which of course I'm gonna link
below they're also vlogging this trip we
tried to do something a little different
all three of us so you might get a
different experience with Fleur and a
different experience with Amelia and a
different experience with me the SE
experience so I'm gonna wrap it up for
this evening and I will see you tomorrow
bye and I almost forgot I bought a new
phone case in j.crew which I wanted to
show you it's this one here which is
like this beautiful like white
tortoiseshell sort of look you guys know
how much I love tortoiseshell especially
this like creamy coloured one and I also
got this phone case as well which is
like this pearly incandescent iridescent
beautiful little number here and if you
like these you are in luck because I
actually bought an extra pair for
someone to win so of course there's
gonna be two winners for this because I
just thought everybody likes a phone
case every now and then you want a
little refreshment and I just thought
they were so adorable as always it will
be international if you want to win a
phone case just give this video a thumbs
up be a subscriber of this channel leave
a comment down below telling me what
kind of underwear is your preferred
undergarment I'm very curious about that
as you can see so just leave any sort of
underwear related comment and I will
choose two winners of these all of the
extra information will be down in the
description box below but yeah I hope
you like the phone games I certainly did
a bought myself a pair Whataburger
and in and out in all these places and I
don't know if that's gonna happen but I
want it to have it I also saw a sonic
place I've never been to sonic before
