good morning everybody it is day well I
guess technically this is day two in
Dallas and we are just getting ready to
go to the conference and I am fully
ready I couldn't believe it I woke up
this morning at like 5 a.m. maybe it was
5:30 because I couldn't sleep
you know jetlag and whatnot and yeah I
just got ready now I've kind of been
just chilling around you know here's a
million flower back there but I thought
I'd show you my outfit since it's
something you've probably never seen me
wear something a little more on the
sophisticated side oh my god do that
I've always wanted to whistle and I
can't whistle no I can't whistle oh
we're learning so much about each other
okay so here is my outfit pretty much
the entire thing is from Topshop with
the exception of two items so jacket is
from Topshop this little silk numbers
also from Topshop this yellow necklace
from Zara I love it I haven't actually
at a chance to wear it yet but I think
it's really cool and I thought I'm kind
of into yellow lately skirt is also from
Topshop I like it because it's kind of
got this weird like hemline and then
these nude sandals which are kind of
overexposed they are from dune so that
is the entire outfit we are all getting
ready to go I'm really keen on getting
breakfast as I'm sure everybody else is
yeah we're all quite especially when you
wake up so early and then you're like
okay time to eat but it's almost 8
o'clock now so we better get rolling
we're just toasting some stuff I think
that's mine actually we've got a
selection of bagels things like that I'm
going to one of these
peanut butter on it we kind of started
the conference and stuff and it's all
going well really fun to meet lots of
other bloggers and stuff people that
we've been watching and reading for ages
and looks like it's a nice little
blogging community however we forgot
something in our luggage so we're
heading back to the hotel just to get to
get it so this might be a little bit
weird I'm in a different hotel room how
strange
Fleur is like in the middle of getting
trapped in a curtain oh she's gone oh so
I just felt like I needed to explain why
we were in a different hotel room
basically the hotel that we were staying
in last night only had one room and then
we couldn't booked this hotel because
they didn't have a room last night so we
had to split up the hotel rooms for the
trip that make sense
so we're going to get our bags which are
still at the other hotel room and we're
coming back here to put our bags in the
room
okay so Fleur and I just got finished
filming our videos together we did a
video on my channel and a video on her
channel it was amazing it was good times
I'm just snuggling up the floor on the
bed now yeah we are so I think it is
time for us to go to the mall and get
our shop on and I think we're also
pretty hungry for lunch
are you hungry for lunch yeah it's gonna
eat something yeah are you hungry yeah
yeah we're all getting a bit hangry well
not really hangry we're not at that
stage yet but I think we're all just
like eat eat eat yeah so hopefully we
can pry something good in the mall and I
think there's a Sephora in there and
there's an altar nearby so made it to
the mall and we have the best little
taxi driver whose name I don't know his
first name but I know his last name was
Norman he didn't tell us
and you're telling us all about his life
and older look like fools things he's
done he had a degree in Spanish it was
just a nice little dry people here are
so friendly it's really nice anyway
we're at the restaurant we've just
ordered for waiting for us so just
waiting for our food we got these
legless iced teas it's like some sort of
a fairy ice team yeah just chill the
food has arrived did you like these
repeat chocolate and I got and company's
other things here without the edamame
beans you know I love those lots of
sushi a million signatures really good
time to do some shopping in the mall
this looks like a pretty massive mall I
think we're walking into like the main
section right now Wow we look at the
scale of this crazy really massive mom
oh my god there's a fresh store cool
this mall is honestly insane it is I
don't want to lean over this because I'm
getting are you know how I get so scared
about these things but they have like an
actual store like a big origin store and
here is made well I've heard so many
people talk about made well looks pretty
good Fleur says that she thinks I'd like
it but we are headed to the Sephora now
so let's get going sign lots of things
that I'm interested in very cool little
sneak peek Amelia's also found lots of
things why don't you show me one thing
that you got he made me do that on your
blog okay
like when I said I was interested in
this brown segment this is amazing oh
now I'm gonna try it and the damage was
done the damage was done that damage was
done I'm not showing you guys what I got
right now I wasn't planning on doing a
haul but as these things happen
holes are made so I'm gonna continue
walking around I think we're actually
got a head back now it was a nice
afternoon while it lasted you guys know
I love food right have I mentioned that
in every single vlog I think so but I'm
so excited not only for the shopping but
for the food places and I am so keen on
going to what a burger and in and out in
all these places and I don't know if
that's gonna happen but I wanted to have
the I also saw sonic place I've never
been to sonic before I just enjoy going
to fast food places in different
countries it's something I enjoy
something I want to do we're on another
level and it's got so much stuff I think
we're looking at the bags I can't be for
certain but I'm pretty sure so we're
back in the hotel room floor has just
gone back off to the conference because
briefly and a million I went to CVS to
get a little snack and I found this
Snapple peach iced tea it says
all-natural however I'm not sure I feel
like that but it says made from the best
stuff on earth here it is
om - the G it's like the best iced tea
I've ever had mainly because it's peach
iced tea like a liquid fuzzy peach kind
of but not as sweet so that's really
good so we're just gonna relax for a
little bit and then I think Amelia and I
might film a couple of videos Amelia and
I just finished filming our videos I was
eating my lucky joke I don't like lucky
charm is that really good yeah so we
just finished that we did a should be
saying I should keep it a secret or say
should we keep a secret
old to be revealed soon on the se button
immediately on our channel so we're
actually heading out to a little party
and if you guys would believe it I'm
wearing a leather yes meaning a stay se
button I'm wearing a leather skirt how
weird I should probably do a little
outfit of the day I'll do it on the way
out see that should be good night I'm
also wearing high heels which is crazy
you know I've got those comp EADS on and
I'm already hungry but I'm gonna force
my way through it are you hungry
secret what party that snacks at the
party oh so you might not have to fall
anyways right you might just have a
snack but I'm looking up restaurants for
dinner though okay good don't worry yeah
I'm not gonna panic I know you're on the
case and Amelia's over there
straightening her hair if that's what
you're wondering about she's just in the
background looking gorgeous so other
than that there's not much to report
really crazy I'm wearing whether it's
like really weird I always feel like a
little bit like this but yeah this
leather skirt I can't remember if it's
from Topshop for Zara but I'm pretty
sure this is my Tsar one I've got two
and I'm just wearing a top shop cami a
white blazer and then my high heels are
also from Topshop so it's a very light
lack and white thing and then this is my
Rebecca Minkoff Bank so we are heading
out now I've also got this necklace on
which is like a nice little gold thing
are you girls ready to rumble should we
do a little outfit about everybody
else's aren't everything and my guys are
just freaking gorgeous like in white
yeah we are it's weird because I never
wear white like this blazer is like
first white thing up I'm just like a
boob shot there but thanks that's fine
okay should we go yes so we have made
our way to the case-based party and it's
like there's like a million beautiful
fashion bloggers like this
so I'm just trying to blend in here like
a chameleon enum but this party is like
tons and tons of people here and there's
the giant eyeball I wouldn't focus on
this but it's like the biggest eyeball I
think I've ever seen in my entire life
pretty crazy it's gonna party like all
right we're just leaving the party now
party poopers I think it's actually
anything to in any way but I think we're
gonna go get some dinner okay we just
had a little incident somebody fell off
the cycle by cycle bicycle oh yeah I
think we're gonna go to CVS because I
know you forgot her toothbrush so we're
heading there now and then we're gonna
go break Alicia's dinner I'm holding the
camera again dinner has arrived I'm
having chicken flare of course is having
the most amazing crazy looking prawns or
shrimp as you want to call it and amelia
is having you duck yeah duck and some
macaroni and cheese that looks very
white there we go a cream cheese yeah
we're digging in alright guys we are
back in the hotel room and I have to say
we're all freaking exhausted just sweat
jet lag is really set in I can't quite
explain it but you just feel like
something's be like over you and suck
the life out of you so we're all kind of
feeling like that so I think it's time
for us to hit the hay I think it's like
9:30 at night but to us it's like what
4:00 in the morning yeah yes we're all
just kind of feeling a bit like this so
yes you want to make this really tired
so I'm gonna strip down into my
nightgown and I will see you guys
tomorrow bye
