good morning everybody it is 7:30 5:00
in the morning and that means that I'm
five minutes late
I have got to get cracking because I'm
going to Dallas Texas today yeah so I'm
a little bit busy rushing around so I
might not be able to talk right now but
I will see you at the airport we made it
to the airport but Aslan's not actually
coming with me on this trip obviously
but I'm here in 40 minutes earlier than
the other girls so I just thought we'd
come in and have some breakfast and rock
Carluccio's I'm gonna get some breakfast
yeah breakfast I'm gonna get some
breakfast booty tub look at that I love
it and I'm kind of jealous the bad ones
orange juice you know I might actually
have to steal some your smiley you happy
that I'm leaving enough for this app oh
man somebody got eggs benedict I never
really understood what does that mean
with an addictive it's bread ham or
bacon poached egg and then a hande sauce
looks good and I actually went for eggs
as well it looks like a little face the
eyes on the mouth or something I don't
really like eggs in fact I hate them but
I'm giving them a go and I'm pretty
starving so gotta try things just in the
airport now and I may or may not I have
found Amelia and flirt so take a little
gander at these two Amelia Fleur we are
heading down to Dallas and excitement
levels are at an all-time high
I'm just trying to get my little boost
of Starbucks here this is a hibiscus
iced tea something along those lines
we're just chilling out hanging out wait
until we can get on that plane just
shopping in Mack Amelia and I are gonna
get some lipsticks together I'm going
for crosswires because I lost mine girl
can't live without em so amelia is
hooked on C by Chloe I'm hooked on info
yeah that's when you know you gotta get
it girl so I'm getting it as well I
think we're gonna convince Claire as
well but Fleur is in line to get a
concealer so we're just shopping I never
shop in duty
I feel like I'm doing copying is not I
don't believe in copy
I believe it exists I don't believe in
the beauty world
yeah it's not it's not thing so I'm
holding the camera in a very strange way
right now so I'm just gonna be going now
I enjoy these very much I really wish I
could get asla in one of these because
he's obsessed with kinder look at the
kinder stuff oh my god so much stuff
still waiting for the girls they're over
there and then we're gonna go I have to
pee
just let you know we are on the plane
was like doing the full like glamour
thing junket fruit is the best fruit is
that smell so I guess we'll see you when
we get to Dallas
let's do this thing girls gone wild
brace position
so I don't want to get hangry do I hear
is my interesting plain food we've got
some chicken vegetables
something in here which I'm a little
terrified of and the usual bun and the
milk chocolate mousse
do you want that
so that's what we're doing just killing
time we've got seven hours and 49
minutes remaining just got off the
flight just went through the customs
area it's really cool because I got to
go through the us-canadian line and
Fleur and Amelia obviously had to go
through the British and other passports
line so they're still in line and I'm
just waiting here all alone it was
actually not a bad flight and the best
part about the flight was one of the air
attendants named Vicky you make a girl
you know you are watched my videos and
she like hook us up with snacks ice
cream like The Full Monty so it was like
freaking amazing she's like say hi to
Rachel for me and all this which was
like really cool we're having an
emotional se button moment again but
it's just crazy that I can get on a
plane and someone's like oh I know
you're a little family from YouTube it's
like really cool okay let's not cry it's
not tear up I watched that movie with
Rachel McAdams called about time there
were tears there were many tears that
movie was like very emotional so now I'm
gonna wait for Fleur and Amelia and yeah
I'm gonna go get our bags bye this could
definitely take a while it was a massive
plane I think it was like a
double-decker plane no sign of my bag no
sign of Fleur no sign of Amelia I'm a
lone ranger if I am waiting for my bags
I feel disgusting I feel greasy okay
enough of this talk about we made it to
the hotel and I think I can speak for
everybody involved
we are pretty tired I think Fleur is
actually not that tired you having to
animate down there I think I make them
bring enough trust me yeah Emilia and I
were like on the flight thing you're
like oh god why didn't we bring our skin
care essentials because our face is cool
I'm sure you can see the shine off my
face I could fry bacon up in here
baked-on I said there you go
so bacon I do love bacon nope
things are getting crazy deliriousness
is happening I need some water it's
really funny to hear like a mod yeah
it's really funny to hear lots of
American accidents all around me instead
of British accents and yeah yeah no I'm
not the odd one out really anymore
except yeah I'm not saying yo yeah but
that might come with time we shall see I
think we're gonna get something to eat
soon there's this place called the iron
cactus that the
hotel receptionist told us to go to her
name was Jackie and so I think we're
gonna go there
I earned a cactus let's do this thing we
are heading out now I'm just gonna do a
very quick outfit although you can't see
anything hello
oh man so I did wash my face briefly and
did a quick touch-up this is quite the
outfit pose I'm just like straddling my
luggage this little place suit
straddling this little place suit is
from Miss Selfridge it's quite a cute
little thing it's got like a cutaway
part in the back which you can't see
that yeah this is a jacket from Topshop
and I've got sandals from office and
white hairy legs to go with it so we're
heading out for lunch now I'm the last
one to finish getting ready so I feel
like I'm holding up the crew so let's go
to the iron cactus what are you waiting
for what is happening here what the hell
is happening here we're just quickly
walking across a street here on the Main
Street yes oh man we're going in Amelia
is obviously the first one after you
through thank you
if you guys remember from one of my last
vlogs I talked about the comm peds you
love comm peds as well I have them like
I bring them everywhere with me I did
like a full-on compy demonstration and
one of my vlogs because I love them what
will you pop the blister and link up
well I don't pop the blister you meant
to it says on the thing okay
this is extreme it's that's why it was
like you did a demonstration oh I don't
but someone said that in America they
have a band-aid version and here's this
one band-aid but I don't know if it's
this one that does it yeah the fingers
and toes but its protect heels and stuff
I think it's this one I see I get
rubbing on my toes okay you're learning
where we get some rubbing action on our
feet this is very personal it's so good
yeah it's gonna go iron cactus I want to
know what puts the cat's in the iron
cactus what's going
I can even carry here we do in fact have
some nachos already it's spicy spicy
let's dig in we're getting some
guacamole made for us right at the table
and we've got some serious lady gaga
going on here it's so good
right now we are officially in Texas
because oh my word we have some serious
food is going on floor like your salad
is in a freaking tortilla
yeah love it and then Amelia got this
nice little salad and I got these
amazing - yes let's dig in baby okay we
are back in the hotel and I've got my
clip and naturally duck lip has made an
appearance in Dallas Dallas de clip no I
was trying to think of like a thing that
would work there but nothing so we're
just chilling out I am obviously in my
favorite nightgown it says I moose wake
up oh yeah well a little leg action
there woo I think I said earlier today I
was like this is girls gone wild but I
was like no yeah but I think I'm gonna
call this vlog series se does Dallas is
that a good idea that's great yeah
amelia is over here I'm gonna zoom in on
you Amelia what are you doing holy
so tomorrow morning we've got a bit of a
busy one ahead of us we've gotta wake up
kind of early because we are indeed here
for a conference like I mentioned so
there's not gonna be too much blogging
going on in the conference because it's
going to be boring internet jibber
jabber so I'm gonna wrap up the vlog
here and I will see you tomorrow morning
so if this vlog was not enough for you
make sure you check out Amelia's channel
as well as Flair's channel because
they're both vlogging this trip as well
however they're doing different things
than I'm doing we're trying to all have
a little different experience because we
want to get the full Dallas experience
how many times can i say experience
before the word experience stops too
loose starts to lose its meaning so I'm
wrapping it up officially now time for
bed want to get a nice good night's
sleep and I will see y'all tomorrow
Fleur says I have to say y'all but I
will see y'all tomorrow
or do you want to say it by Millie's
like yeah yeah we're at the restaurant
just like how's y'all's meal and like
y'all's and y'all and la see y'all goin
on I wish I could say it okay that's it
wrapping it up going to bed
bye need more se buttons logs in your
life
make sure you check out our last video
which was the last installment of vlogs
derp lots of things went down in
glogster including us rescuing a dog and
reuniting it with its family but in the
last episode it was a Manic Monday lots
of crazy things like grocery shopping is
that not enough to make you watch it
