morning everybody its act oh there's a
fuzz on the thing another rehab it's
actually a little bit later than we
normally start the vlogs it's like 10:30
almost 11:00 we didn't yeah it's almost
11 o'clock but we're here now so it's a
really nice day outside we've got the
door open and everything the nice warm
air is pumping through Reggie's basking
he's enjoying it oh my god he's getting
a suntan yes he is
he loves tanning yes this is like one of
the most favorite things well he doesn't
like to do too much here like so part of
his body to be innocent
yeah like me like I like to have like
half of my body out of the do they have
it are you try to say you and Reggie are
very similar yes we haven't so I still
haven't had breakfast or anything so I'm
gonna be going to have breakfast now I'm
really hungry I'm probably gonna go and
do my insanity routine yeah yesterday
was your day all yeah one day often
though it's back at tea for me yes
please
I'm afraid today's vlog is gonna be
slightly more on the boring side because
okay it's been quality Monday but for me
it's not really back holiday I'm just
gonna spend the day I'm gonna call it in
admin day it's like an email planning
that kind of sort of day so I'm pretty
much gonna be on my computer for the
entire day today so that should be
interesting I'm gonna try to find
something to show you guys but this is
like a typical day in the life my eyes
glued to the computer screen now I do
have a couple of exciting announcements
so later on this week if I just pull up
my calendar let's see on Thursday I am
flying to Dallas Texas that's pretty
exciting whoo what do you think of that
that's awesome
I know bitch Davis yeah I love Texas
yeah neck's is it awesome place so I'm
kind of jealous you know
give me get that amazing sweet I see oh
my god I forgot about that yeah so when
aztl√°n and I went to America we went to
Austin Texas which we like love Austin
Texas shout-out to the Magnolia cafe
whoo so yeah I'm going to Dallas Texas
with Fleur from Florida fours and Amelia
from Amelia
Eliana who i've made a video with before
i'm really excited about the whole thing
we're not staying for too long it's just
Thursday to Sunday but we are doing a
meet-up on the Sunday that we leave so
if you do live in Dallas Texas and
you're interested in coming to a meetup
with me Amelia and Fleur make sure
you're following me on Twitter or
Facebook I'm going to post all the
information there once we definitely
have a time and place set up so we're
going for like a blogging conference
sort of thing which is pretty much every
day from like morning till night so we
don't have a lot of time to like shop
and you know travel around the area
unfortunately but if you do have any
recommendations of like places to eat
and stuff like that we should have the
evenings free to go explore and stuff
like that so yeah leave any
recommendations down below because I'm
you know I love I love Texas too and I'm
really excited to go another
announcement I have is about my hair and
how this is not as exciting but as you
see these rat tail pieces here they're
just driving me nuts I'm sure they're
driving you nuts as well but it's just
happening I when I cut my hair a long
time ago I was like yeah short hair
rules sure it was awesome and I love
short hair but it was so short I
couldn't even put it up in a bun now I
finally got it to this stage where I can
put it in a bun but these little piece
are still like too long and strike Li
and I'm just growing my hair until all
my hair will comfortably go into a bun
and that's the length I'm keeping it
that's the length I have to have it
because if I can't pull my hair back
oh just it just gives me it just kills
me I did a video the other day
celebrating me 500,000 subscribers thing
so just let you know there's gonna be a
little video going up on my main channel
tomorrow which hopefully you will like
so just a little heads up tomorrow
morning there's gonna be a little
midweek video there I just wanted to
talk about Spotify
I've got Lorde playing in the background
here I have been resisting Spotify for
so long as I uh I don't want Spotify
like pay nine pounds a month and you
know listen to music it's a crazy joke
you know but I caught it the other night
because I was like I am listening to the
same shiz on my ipod or my iPhone
everyday like it's the same crap and I'm
just like every time I turn on my music
when I'm like walking to the tube or
something
I just hate everything so the other
night you might have seen on Twitter I
was like fine I'll get fricken Spotify
so I paid the nine pounds it is the best
thing that's ever happened to me honest
to god it is the best thing that's ever
happened to me I've been in the best
mood lately because I've got music in my
life again I am totally hooked on
Spotify just wanted to say that and now
that we're on the subject of Lord I have
to say I am so late on the Lord
bandwagon but that whole album is like
the best thing I've heard in a long time
it is so good ribs is my favorite song
so if you've never listened to Lorde
listen to ribs that is yeah I can't stop
listening um listen to it right now cuz
I'm so addicted to it I also love that
she mentions a Broken Social Scene song
in the song I don't know it just takes
me back to being a teenager this is oh
my god sometimes I forget that I'm not a
teenager anymore it's crazy like I am 23
I'm gonna be 24 this summer I is gonna
be 24 years old I know it doesn't seem
old but I still feel like I'm 17 years
old I still feel like that so I don't
know crazy I'm like a proper grown-up
now I like pay my own bills and stuff
woo another day another insanity yeah
you're looking great I've got to say
yeah oh yeah that's good I don't know
they're already getting easier but I'm
pretty sure Atticus I'm probably doing
more of the stuff within the same
routine like yeah so you're just pushing
yourself harder probably yeah but at one
point I was like ohh felt like giving up
but you push through it I dug deeper
just like Shaun T tells me good men so
what are you doing for yesterday I'm
showering and then just doing ads and
stuff like you are email something love
it love it
what are you gonna have for lunch I
don't know look I do have some salmon I
was gonna have a chicken salad again I'm
doing something I've been putting off
for a very long time which is switching
my se button com hosting it's so
complicated like it's probably not
complicated for someone who knows it but
like for me I just stare at the screen
and I'm like yeah well I mean like
nobody like
most people wouldn't know that right you
only knew that you know that if you work
in industry yeah you know you're not
like an IT person so oh god no yeah well
yeah you're hosting sales right now
isn't that bad well it's pretty good but
it's really expensive this yeah it is
that's the thing you guys probably don't
even know about hosting and all this
stuff if you don't have websites but you
basically have to pay an annual fee to
have your website up basically and have
it running properly now my site has
crashed like three times in the past
week it's like people have been tweeting
me saying oh I can't get on your website
and just crap like that so I'm switching
to another one which is uk-based but
it's just it's really hard I won't bore
you with the details but that's what I'm
doing now and I'm finally like let's
just get on with this even you know how
you have things in your life you're like
I don't want to do this but it's it's
actually looming over me so much right
now just just get it done you know I'm
trying I don't know Google Apps and all
this crap just for the record it's been
like an hour and a half and I still
cannot figure out how to do this domain
thing frustration levels are high
there's been some action I think I did
it I think I did it I I don't know but
I'm pretty sure I did it a time will
tell apparently I'll know in five days
so if my site goes down in five days and
none that you don't know what's going on
and neither do I it's because I
definitely screwed something up okay but
let's think positively shall we my main
man Reggie loves cheese and he's been
pretty good today so I thought I'd give
him a couple little slices same he's
always good funny thing is that he
doesn't chew them you know he just
swallows whole he's such a gentle
creature but when it comes to cheese he
just mouths it down quick he's gone well
raised it buddy
why don't you taste he's like yes three
piece of cheese okay so I'm gonna take
reg for a quick little jaunt around the
neighborhood just fast and then I'm
gonna come back make myself some lunch
I just like salmon I'll take some of
that okay let's make some sounds with
some sound
killers I'm seasoned that using this Old
Bay seasoning I've never used this stuff
before like you know sometimes you go
into TK Maxx and they have like these
random seasoning so cheap this is one of
them I was like what the hell is
old a seasoning and if you like cooking
and you you love season every season and
you're obsessed with it you just
purchase it on a whim you never know
what it actually smells to taste like
obviously cuz you can't open it up
because I was always got a silver seal
on the top so I went for this and uh
okay let me just hold this up it clearly
insanity hasn't been working that well
um it smells more funky not gonna lie
but I'm gonna give it a go you know it
does say right on here for seafood so
this morning it was really hot out so
I'm not really hot but it was warm
outside and then it kind of started
raining towards lunchtime and now it
stopped raining and it's warm again and
I just walking in there's like that
there's there's lots of trees and
flowers and stuff honestly it smelled
exactly how I would imagine like a
mystical forest smell yeah the best
smell is when it's hot and they're
arranged in the summer you know and then
the post rain smelled ring them inside
I've never smelled it like you know that
much before I wasn't walking and I was
like Oh am a little princess and I'm
running through the forest and I'm
Tinkerbell and you know where you
haven't talked about it yeah like you I
do that all the time but that's like if
I was to like I don't know I can't
explain it but if I was big if I think
about a movie that's like a magical
forest or something that is the smell it
was crazy okay
I'm going to be fainting now unless I
have something to eat so I'm going to be
making myself a little lunch what are
you making myself a little lunches well
I'm gonna cook the salmon on on a bed of
mushrooms in bed shrooms magical 40
laurels just kidding
sing Thank You p.m. today so uh yeah i
season the salmon just a little bit you
don't put too much noise the flavor of
some is beautiful by itself so you don't
know mask it so a bed of mushrooms and
then I'm gonna coat it with some I've
melted some oil here I'm just gonna add
a fresh garlic and some pepper to that
so we've got our butter garlic and
pepper mixture in here smells amazing
I'm just going to pour this over the
triple mushrooms now we're going to pop
my salmon fill its
the top now squeeze some lemon juice
over the tool pool okay we've got a few
a few seeds that's fine we're just
cooking for ourselves that's not a big
deal then put a couple of slices line on
top and make a little parcel here we go
parcel make sure the puzzle has some
breathing holes mine is in that side so
we'll be fine just like this but if you
want to completely seal just make a
couple holes now let's stick this at a
180 degree oven for about 20-25 minutes
or so here is my finished salad it's
just the same thing these pin shoot
something about pea shoots carrots
tomatoes the chicken that I just cooked
quickly and some olive oil with some
chicken seasoning crap that I have I'm
just going to take this little bit of
lemon and squeeze it all over the top
just for another little BAM you know you
know how Emel says that BAM you know I
have a little bit of that did you ever
watch Emeril no you don't know who
Emeril Lagasse is no I think that's his
last name so that's that I'm going to
add some olive oil and balsamic vinegar
and dig into this beast I stays watching
a man being groped and searched on TV
it's Canada border control yeah that's
Canadian good job delegate shows home
here's my finished product
oh yeah gourmet we've got the salmon
will got the mushroom we've got some
steamed vegetables and some quinoa and I
don't like schema and some odd something
else mix but I've been hungry after that
workout wow I'm impressed
yeah you want to try something doable
but you want this last piece of chicken
vinegar mean well fine I said look at
this like one things couldn't possibly
about a scepter if you've been wondering
what these things are on the couch in
the kitchen about these prints from
society6 and I got them in a certain
size and when I went to buy the frames
no frames that I could find anywhere had
the same size as the size of my prints
so I just basically bought frames that
were as close to the size of the prints
that I could find but basically the
prints are too big so now I've got to
cut them down to size which is you know
this is just crazy I did not sign up for
this so I have a lot I have four prints
that I have to do and that's another one
those things that I've been putting off
but I'm doing it today I got this cute
false
I got this really cute lipstick one and
the other fewer gifts so I don't really
want to show those on the vlog but yeah
really cute prints and I just want to
put these up in my little makeup room so
I'm gonna try to cut those - sighs now I
have this paper cutter let's see how I
can do this hopefully I can just crank
this out right here right now lined it
up and I guess I'm gonna make my first
incision okay it seemed to work the
paper cutter is horrible
it made it like completely crooked and
screwed so I just used scissors I'm
sorry that's terrible Christmas ready
yes I got me that for Christmas
romantic oh no I just think hello it's
like a little stiff or something needs
to be blue okay somebody get the other
ones now I'm goodness voila I finally
did it I did break a nail in the process
but I did these and then these two which
I cannot show you because they're for
gifts but yeah I'm really pleased with
them I think they look good although
this print has this on the print I
didn't spill that it came like that so
that's kind of you know you know what I
mean that is that it's slightly annoying
but that's okay
did you want to help me hang these up
that'd be cool of course I actually the
moss tire you are I have actually a
couple other things I want to hang up as
well let's do it my little wall is
coming together so well it's got all
these things now so I just hung up this
YouTube play button which I instagrammed
a while ago this little box got hung in
there you might recognize that for my
DIY and then that lipstick print is over
there and this is by Hamm but I just
absolutely love that handprint so yeah
that is my wall so far and that is not
actually as on and I we just found that
online someone tweeted me the link it
looks like I said isn't it
he didn't say so but I hate me so yeah I
think so sweets that's nice and hung
Reggie's seen lots and lots of squirrels
on this walk look at these pretty flower
petals
I just love flower I started to do
listen to those beautiful birds chirpin
keep you
okay we're gonna head to be in queue
because we've got to pick up a few home
supplies and I also want to leave the
house with something today I can yeah as
one can't go a day without leaving the
house King like if I mouse hold on I
just like home huh yeah so we're gonna
head there and we'll see you when we get
there
mm-hmm too bad Reggie can't come they
don't let donkeys in the store all day
but they do have a pets at home that
yeah he's running off there drop him up
with the Pens at home see it why is
being q my favorite job I don't know I
just love to come to being Q just browse
and respeakers
he does it for hours just like I know
stuff like you know just the different
nuts and bolts you can possibly buy it's
nice to just pass something found
something that might work he's kind of
like roundball bushes but that's he quit
he's like I don't really know what the
value of plants is but it seems like a
lot especially when we need like six of
them yeah what's that that's yeah 200
and something quit I'm just running down
the pond
and they're probably gonna die yeah
their party
well we'll keep these in mind
yeah well leather I'll write down the
name and stuff gonna look up online how
much they're online we were cheated in
yeah
in the pets at home now around its own
Oh what is it going on got it okay
Robert
Larry's yeah I was in here the other day
and there's some crickets over there
like snake food and as I like whole shut
up look come on let's go home
here they are the live crickets magazine
funky Lou this actually alive in boxes I
was saying like I might've one day
there's an accident and I get knocked
over these these guys over here
well found some daegu's animals I've
never seen before
I mean what's in it we're at like we're
just think of the fuck I'm Sahara okay I
just don't dig yeah look at this guy
keep your lady running away it's
probably day as the day wants to pick up
a few supplies it is just next door so
it makes sense I just found this shower
gel peach by the branch and spa haven't
heard of it before but I was like oh you
know let's dance melts I love peach oh
my it's good smell it mmm nice it you
know what it's not a lousy peach huh
fuzzy peach it smells like a peach drink
with smelling I know it's only three
pounds it's two for four I'm guessing
that's full I can ask the man should I
get a second one two before
one more pass guess I mean oh they smell
good what about his passion fruit oh
it's not that that is nice well why
don't we go for like a shea butter
please do we know that's what I like
well no that's what I like
she's okay yes they're all really nice
coconut oh how it was just throw for one
and see see how it goes one more pound
you get another one
oh great fruit great fruits good price
price nice but no skit one huh ladies
this is weird isn't it these mega
economy pack but it comes with a free
carry case with a ladies silhouette on a
moped very chic look at this packaging -
its got like ribbons on it this is like
going to extra mile here wow that's like
the lysander everything all right yeah
have a silky straight my favorite
section any supermarket the scene on TV
section
anything new nothing good no I think
I've seen all this stuff before except
for this druggies we could benefit from
this because the rug in the living rooms
always everywhere so maybe this I will
have a look at it online dog check up in
the using habitable check this out guys
Hannah's on offer I'm gonna make some
henna 21 pound any local Asda or to have
the worst their self checkout experience
over there yeah that was pretty bad it
just didn't like the beef mince whenever
we scan to the evenings we just like it
okay so I'm pretty hungry are you um
we're gonna make these sausages that we
got I like just like yesterday because
we had those sausages and now we're like
craving them I don't know must be in the
fridge and oh wow we've got some dishes
to do by we I mean me so best get on
these right now and you do the cooking
yeah yeah you want to get these bad boys
on that yeah thank you so bad okay let's
eat okay we got these onions here and
don't alert that the deficit dr. lett
attitude editor to let it addicted
are you excited or what oh okay so I
think we are all set to eat our dinner
and I think it's the sad time when we're
gonna have to wrap up the lobster it was
really fun doing vlog stir it seems like
lots of you guys liked it and I got lots
of tweets about vlog stir and stuff so
we might have to make it a yearly thing
and congratulations on an advancing
blood stir me yeah I think I did invent
it I haven't seen anyone else do it so
we're just gonna have our dinner I'm
gonna take a nice relaxing bath I've got
these new bath salts I want to try out
and oh yeah yeah and I will put the
information about the Dallas meetup in
the description box of this video I
think pretty sure so check that out if
you live in Dallas and I will see you
I'll see you when I see you I'll
probably see you in Dallas bye
and make sure you watch our last vlog if
you haven't seen it already where we mal
down on some sausage we also get
drenched in the pouring rain but nothing
can come between us
and food and we finish it off by messing
around in a room full of balloons that's
right a room just filled with balloons
and if that doesn't make you watch the
last video watch it just to hear as I'm
laughing like a little girl so that
should do it that should entice you boom
