kind of chilly outside so I decided to
put Reggie's coat on I mainly just think
it looks really cute on him but yeah
it's quite cold out today they change
from yesterday's temperature I was on
Twitter last night and someone was
telling me that they have a greyhound as
well and they went to this fundraising
thing for greyhounds so it's kind of
like a little fundraising event that
explains to people what greyhounds are
like and above of Avalon raises money
for Greyhound welfare and stuff like
that and I really want to do something
like that with Reggie because I think
he'd be good in there and I think I'd
you know i talk about greyhounds so much
I love talking to strangers about
greyhounds I've tried to convince like
every single neighbor of mine to get a
greyhound so I'd really like to do that
and Reggie especially is so well
tempered and I think he'd be a good
example of what a greyhound is like so
if anybody knows of any of those in
London then yeah I really want to go and
I think Aslan would want to go as well I
think that'd be kind of fun and it's fun
to the greyhounds too because there's
like 20 other greyhounds around and
greyhounds love greyhounds so yeah would
you be up for that wrench I think
morning sir for breakfast this morning I
think we're gonna try and get some
avocado but I don't know if this is now
over right
do you don't find that avocado is like
the moment when then perfect is probably
not listen you know yeah under I put
over right what are the two well I'm
gonna try and cut this over then we'll
have a little thing and it looks okay
but we do have some evidence of Ron in
the corner here oh I hate that I'm
someone's I care actually before it also
have this other one this one should be
fine but this is just a little bit under
ripe what do you want to breakfast I'm
gonna have O'Connor on toast if it's
edible mm-hmm and juice I think eggs and
avocado
I made some tail dozens and kale yeah so
what the for operation now enforce the
United States making some juice we've
got see on the girls while we've got
kale we've got this for the egg oh my
god we are actually being healthy today
so what do you are you having juice
sorry I'm in mid-table juice yeah why
not what do you want news whatever
you're having
okay well we're definitely gonna do the
pineapple allah benjamin TV no Benjamin
food Benji from Judy's life because he
always says like if you don't really
like the taste of juice put some well he
uses he does smoothies but put some
pineapple in it stings like the taste
the cucumber in juice huh
I like my taste and you sweetie yes a
watery you don't even like to convert
dude I love cucumber
what's the natural you don't like Oh
celery yeah I hate celery
okay so we're gonna get started with the
juicing okay so let's get this baby
turned on how do you understand
it's got the kale juice juice drama
cucumber beet root and I did give this
guy a little wash this is covered in
dirt the whole thing
a couple of carrots I love carrot juice
weirdo one more carrot or
now make sure you give this a nice stir
before you actually drink it
otherwise I also like to put some ice in
my glasses because just I know when
juice is cold and tastes better perfect
amount oh my gosh looks perfect about
guys perfect amount oh I love that I
live for this stuff isn't that weird
okay so let me try this juice okay and
I'm gonna be honest with how it tastes
it's good it's good
very be Trudy but I like beetroot anyway
but I could have lived without the
cucumber but it does give it a bit of a
freshness you know okay now let's take a
little bit of this stuff is this just
avvocato yeah and salt and pepper okay
so let's try this down I'm very hard to
do this one-handed by the way what do
you think of the juice
not me do you like it yeah as one says I
had to whoa
I said I had to put a thicker layer of
all the caught on so I just did that add
some pepper where we go all the good
whew look at this
whoa what is that egg and kale Hagin
spinach thanks I've got him yeah oh my
god
Wow mmm that was pretty good I like that
that's very enjoyable
um I staged I think is enjoying I
thought the throat is very easy if I had
although you think all this stuff before
so you're not allergic to anything like
whenever I eat certain fruits vegetables
like I've talked about this involves
four major issues Flair of what it could
be like yeah man it's pork something the
juice anyway watching in Judy's life
so we were planning on going to this
food festival today but it is pouring
down rain this isn't like a bit of
drizzle this is like torrential downpour
pretty bad so like I'll just bring
umbrellas but this is like an umbrella
can't fix this so alas again holiday
yeah I know unless it stops maybe after
lunch or something we'll go but I'm
gonna take a shower anyway and just
pretend like I'm going but um yeah that
kind of sucks since it is Easter I
thought I would just talk about my love
for Easter it's actually my favorite
holiday did you know that I love it more
than Christmas
I love it more than Valentine's Day a
lot of it is just my favorite I remember
being a kid and like just eating
chocolate but just the lead-up to Easter
because on TV there'd be so many
cartoons and like about the Easter Bunny
and stuff like that I remember waking up
on Easter morning and just searching
everywhere for my chocolate I remember
one here my mom hid it so well I
couldn't find it and I was like really
upset because I was like the Easter
Bunny didn't come I'm I was like did you
look in the bathtub you know there was
once this taught this Cadbury's egg I
don't know if anybody remembers it but I
was like an egg like this but it had
little seeds inside the egg and you were
supposed to plant the seeds in your
front yard and then a chocolate tree
would grow or something like that
something like that and I remember being
like oh like I can't wait to plant these
seeds but the seeds were actually
chocolate and I ate all the seeds before
I could plant reverent thinking like why
did I do that but they were so good they
were like Maltesers almost oh yeah Oh
Lissie
you know seeds my mom's like aren't you
gonna play it you think I was like last
year was Athens very first Easter egg
hunt because he doesn't celebrate Easter
it's gonna be doesn't celebrate Easter
so I couldn't believe that you'd never
had an Easter egg hunt remember I put
all those chocolates all the way down
the stairs and said yeah
yeah yeah so did you like it when we
have kids are we gonna have like Easter
egg hunts and stuff yeah good like a
reduced rather than ones em hmm
I'm gonna go halfway across town yeah to
find the one chocolate I'm here who
could just talk me to say how Reggie can
be kind of our Easter Bunny he's got big
legs long legs and he's got big long
ears so anyhow you step on even bunny
you gonna be are you stir bunny buddy
are you will that knows I don't know I'm
not sure if you qualify that knows they
may say it's too long too long for bunny
status that knows oh no don't worry
about it buddy your nose not too big you
don't need to get a nose job
all those people are wrong you're
beautiful just the way you are well
since its pissing it down and grant
horrible let's make some tea why don't
we all I'm gonna make some mint and
roasty so you just put cement in there
and get your hot water now we're gonna
leave it to stand for about three to
four minutes okay start to active Rose
syrup spoon a little bit of that and I
think it should be enough let's give
that good old stir now at this point I
still just take out the leaves because I
find if you leave the leaves then it
just they over steep and then it becomes
a little bit better
yeah Sue's back back again
Patsy's bag tell a friend yes she's back
yes she's back hippo a little too
 too much back the tea I have to
say the the Rose syrup that I got does
have a bit of an artificially flavor
that gives a kind of a weird aftertaste
yeah that's the best but it's it's all
pretty good you know I'm in for a huge
bottle of sinner though because once I'm
43 right so what's the word bird I'm
gonna have a shallow and then it's still
gray and rainy but yeah I mean the more
points head out anyway yeah I am very
concerned because my computer is not
working completely frozen I restarted it
turned it off turns on and this is as
far as it gets
so that's not very good is it hmm well
we tried to fix the laptop Reggie's
snuggling up with his Fox I like to call
this the Fox in the hound
get it this is why you should get a
greyhound for this purely play the
bongos he loves it
okay do karate yay dog owners do you
ever just stand around and talk about
how much you love your dog because we
just did that
yeah the parrot back from their walk I
think we can make our way over to the
South by an army sunday stretch I'm so
hungry are you
so just near the South Bank now hoping
that these the stores will still be
there and there was a really horrible
day and I mean to be honest if I was one
of those people I play coughs yeah they
would have bought the pitch out for them
many oh how late was four days old of
what the ingredients that has crossed
there's the ox head so anyway on the
bank yeah there seems to be some people
around
yes that's good yeah once before but it
was nighttime I love it around this area
yeah so flex nice isn't it we just
noticed there's a little beach here kind
of a beach you know sort of Danny Beach
oh yeah maybe we'll bring ready day one
day and you can try
we'll see what anymore
I'm guessing he won't go up those stairs
the world sweep through festivals
already starting we've got America
represented by this little air Airstream
trailer hot dogs doughnuts and organic
ice cream what do you think you don't
like small donut apparently today we've
just gone past national fits and I think
it's starting well there's Oaxaca there
so that's already a little bit ethnic
you know but there's also some sort of
dancing and stuff going on here have a
look
we've decided that we're just gonna do
one lap this way and see what is on
offer before making any rash decisions
I'm praying that they've got a poutine
stall represent in my Canadian ways but
I haven't seen one yet we shall see
we've decided to get some churros
churros churros I think I just like
these now that I'm looking at this big
thing of chocolate I'm realizing we've
definitely made the right decision by
coming here today oh we lost one let's
just take a close above these troughs oh
yeah oh yeah see this place called the
shwarma Shack I freaking love our bus oh
then look at this place over here it's
quarry Cho it's a Korean barbecue we've
just hit the Polish deli motherlode
there's some hot dogs
we're gonna need one when there's meat
there's also taste oh wow look at that
look at this mother hello the same thing
yeah we actually just bought why not
talk and split it in half yeah cuz
they're pretty big yeah I'm just gonna
stand with these umbrellas in my crotch
is that fine some people say I look the
side profile here nice nice go and just
make it messy
that was the good hot dog why'd you
write that out of five okay Denmark
we're five that was like say four for me
that's a full I also got myself a a
wheat beer from Poland called cygnets up
that's how the guy pronounced it
yeah saying it sir which gotta make
sense because trends I mean I'm saying
it say in Russian means week so we just
purchased a salt beef bagels and cabbage
and pickles and cheese he's called the
Lord Rupert apparently it was really
cool because she melted the cheese with
like a blowtorch
I should have blogged that but I didn't
I thought I was just mesmerized but
anyway I'm gonna eat this now oh my god
this weather is just insane whereas
one's trying to down his beer we should
see how that turns out after you down
that beer you're gonna get crunk you can
do it man or up man if you haven't seen
the Book of Mormon that won't make sense
as one's got his rubber boots on so do I
let's kiss
that's so bleep egg was distinctly
everything okay I've had better I've had
worse bagel bacon brick lane all right
we're gonna go to museum now called the
Hayward gallery right yep it's a
exhibition a retrospective of the work
of Martin Creed who is a British
conceptual artist who's won many prizes
most famous of all is the Turner Prize
of course
so yeah let's roll here we are
approaching the Hayward Gallery is this
what we're seeing this dog thing is
called what's the point of it the thing
that making kind of fun because he's
like give a kind of odds it's like
what's the point yeah okay let's go in I
mean exactly speaking allowed to film in
here but no you know but I don't think
anybody's gonna notice when these
balloons are they
no ahead Kenny moremore Satsuki which I
lose me oh yeah when you're in this is
all you kind of really see but I wonder
if I
they're breathing space but it's gotta
help because it's got the sides of the
exit so you're not really always at that
loss okay it's a yeah it's that way so
did you like that yeah okay I think so
so yeah well there's the Queen Elizabeth
center gets a lot of use for himself
Blanco is well-behaved guy even London
and there's I don't know if you can see
but pretty much in the background a be
able to see Big Ben in the hands of
following a fool who's kind of another
marker this is a normal market that I
have there they have this every weekend
quite an explicit artwork on the other
side of this
in case those kids watching won't show
you this it is very x-rated very
accurate post exhibition house for a
good contemporary art exhibition Martin
Creed what's the point of it the hey
this was like a first date that would be
like oh yeah I think what a head back I
want to get myself that salad Oh pizza
I'm not really hungry but I think whilst
I'm here I should try you know all the
street food there's like this part where
you go onto the terrace and you watch a
screen and it was like adult content
yeah put it this way
it was a man's private area yeah I'd say
it was very explicit so Iceland me and
these two other guys that we didn't know
we're just standing there staring at
these guys ding-dong getting excited
slowly so I'm getting pizza now from the
place called born and raised for any
British pizzas I didn't know that
existed where this pizza
but I fell asleep I have like this
Landro defender and then they got like a
brick oven in the back exposed they just
make it in the back working work in that
fire
clearly on the burnt side not gonna lie
this tastes good
okay our tough critic we are okay it's
all good as Franco monk oh yeah back
home now think we're a little bit tired
only they've exhausted yeah yeah yeah
home lady what are you doing you rolling
your faith in the pig's ear that we gave
you it's like this is a roll
I thought walk ride you soon though
which is gonna suck so I just got back
from Raley's walk I'm still waiting out
there but he took it like a champ then
you got yes you did yeah we're still
pretty tired we're good sure maybe watch
like a movie or something
yeah so I hope you guys enjoyed today
coming with us and tasting all those
world foods they were quite good I think
the first thing is by far the best the
Polish sausage a saucy song was very
edible so that is it from us I'm gonna
say goodbye right from the couch lobster
is still happening for tomorrow as well
so check back for the vlog tomorrow bye
make sure you check out yesterday's blog
stir where we found Polly's home it was
a very tearful reunion I loved it that
was very nice you know a perfect ending
to that little story and also yesterday
I stay managed to cut a pretty great
steak so if you want to find out how she
cooks her steak check it out and one
last thing my mom was even in
yesterday's vlog oh the beauty of Skype
so check that out and we will see you
tomorrow poor
