good morning we've got these two on our
hands nothing else has happened since
last night
they just slept no accidents no
accidents no so perfect evening
so Aslan's gonna go take them for a walk
now yeah are you nervous to walk two
dogs at once I am somebody's back from
their walk language so actually Aslan
had to drop off this one early because
she didn't want to walk anymore yeah she
just walked down like walk down the
block
did a business and then she just Turner
I was like oh no way yeah and I did feed
her and she ate she yeah yeah nice even
half a pack you know she ate it all yes
okay good so that's good now it's time
to feed Reggie Mayan I'm just having my
breakfast same thing as yesterday peanut
butter toast and some blueberries and
some tea
I'm annoyed because the blog post that I
scheduled last night didn't go up so I
just put it up now but I don't know my
scheduler on WordPress is not working
does anybody know about that Reggie can
you help me with my wordpress problems
hello um I found a stray yesterday and
it was just near where I live I took a
road with parts and posters overnight so
I was wondering what the next best thing
to do would be I know you guys have like
a fan dog from online so Aslan just did
all the dirty work and called Battersea
cats and dogs home I hate talking on the
phone so I was just hoping it wasn't
gonna be like okay you call I would just
like um so looks like we're going to
Battersea cats and dogs home today
well yeah basically they said um in
order to get a scan from microchip they
advised two things number one make a
report with them so they can put up the
details on their database and see if
anybody's talk to them ask if they found
a dog like that yeah so I really left a
message for that and the number two to
try and get the microchip checked yeah
so did she say you can't always feel it
yeah she said you can always feel them
as though she said any actually any vet
is it has to just scan for a microchip
free regardless if she said you can
either wait until Tuesday one of the
beds open up again or you can we can
take her in today um they get a scan and
see if it's ER but if we go that we
don't have to take the dog and give them
to that look they just scan and then we
bring a rack home right and even if we
decide to try and get her adopted
through back to see she said you can
just keep the dog whilst that's
happening oh good okay work it work it
work it twerk it twerk twerk twerk birth
I love and regiments it's like that I
just think it's absolutely arias just
doing my makeup now and I'm watching
Judy's live over here yeah I know it's a
freaking disaster in here I've got my
filming apparatuses just gonna do my
makeup now watch how sassy this
shouldn't be surprised any of you that I
have a lot of makeup I have done a
makeup collection so today I think I'm
gonna wear a little bit of this and a
little bit of this and I'm gonna have to
experiment here makeup is complete just
ignore my hair and my beautiful rat tail
today is a lazy day and I can't find my
freakin bobby pins to pin these babies
up but I'm just going to quickly not do
a manicure but just like kind of try to
tidy up my nails and then I'm going to
apply this stuff I've been using this
system for a while now and you can see
these are my plain nails they are
growing they look a little disgusting
right now but they're growing that's the
point so this is very similar to these I
get my little nail kit oh it's very
similar to the OPI nail Envy have you
ever tried it so I've used almost all of
my nail Envy this is just a nail polish
that's supposed to strengthen your nails
help them grow a little bit my nails are
very flaky they break really easily blah
blah blah so then yeah I've used that
really like this I've talked about how
much I liked it before and then I tried
this which is by the way a massive
bottle that's crazy that's normal sized
nail polish that's that
and actually I think this is better I
think it works quicker I think yeah just
the results come a lot sooner than the
nail envy and then it comes with this
nail strengthener nude color so there's
that and then an oil so you're supposed
to apply this every day for like a week
or something and then you apply this and
well it says it all in the packaging I'm
gonna have a blog post about this up in
the next week or two but yeah I'm gonna
do that right now so Aslan just finished
doing his insanity workout and he came
upstairs and he's like boo boo cuz he
comes calls me boo I guess I should
that's like kind of a secret but no
doubt cuz he calls me but anybody calls
me boo anyway he's like boo the
battersea like cats dogs and cats home
just called and they think they might
have found the owner he's downstairs
being like how amazing your best case
yeah so that's like the best case
scenario if we can reunite the dog with
his owner like that's a freaking Easter
miracle I'm getting emotional I am
really getting emotional right now why
why just a beautiful thing isn't it
love loving an animal I would really
want someone to do the same as I lost
Reggie if I ever lost Reggie I mean I
would just pray someone would try to get
him back to me you know so yeah hope
we'll see where he's calling them back
now and then um yeah I guess this whole
thing is gonna unfold and vlog stir okay
Aslan just finished his insanity so yeah
that's why he's got that sensual sweaty
look thank you okay so what happened so
yeah they Kobe dreams and was like
offered to my work I can't take call now
yeah
tell them on afterwards they have a
match she what she thinks is a pretty
close match it was a the dog men went
missing on Thursday yeah and it went
missing couple post goes down so it's
pretty nearby yeah apparently it's a
lady they were at romantic we were going
on holiday but they obviously didn't go
because the dog went missing her so
distraught yeah she said well I told her
that the dog looks really thin and
skinny but yeah like her outward
appearance looks fairly groom so I don't
know I was like it's funny because I
didn't like from her look it looks like
she hasn't eaten like properly in
maybe two or three weeks yeah but she
seems to be fairly well group so because
the dark that was reported and has renal
failure real famous kidneys that
explains why she's so skinned Anthony
she why she's so thin and skinny yeah
actually looks okay so basically they've
passed on my contact details to the
person of their just about to yeah what
did they say that the eyes um well I
told her about the eyes up and they
didn't report anything about the eyes
okay
maybe they just didn't think those yeah
um but I meant I definition the eyes and
um if I pass some details and I can
expect a call very soon oh my god I'll
be amazing if that is the case you know
don't we just manage okay oh this is
that okay let's blog this please quickly
hello I know I just had a call from
Batsy I really hope this is your dog
because she's just so nice this is a
lovely little thing okay there you go
bingo I think we've got it then that I
think we've got your dog it was
yesterday in the afternoon about one
o'clock in the afternoon you know so
it's definitely her
oh yeah yeah so the lady said her name
is real name is Polly apparently yeah
she looks like a Polly not Oprah yeah
well we should tell her that we've
logged this whole thing yeah yeah so
yeah Polly had an operation in one eyes
that makes good so that makes sounds
yeah oh my god she's gonna be in about
half an hour's time apparently oh my god
amazing
I am so glad like I'm getting emotional
I'm seriously like I just think I'm okay
I'm gonna cry on the floor this is crazy
oh my god just thank makeup as well yeah
just on my makeup but imagine like if we
lost Reggie or something and this was
Thursday so now it's Saturday so it's
been a couple days you're probably just
so upset oh I'm so happy well I'm gonna
come out and meet her obviously yeah
yeah okay so let me jump in the show
okay hurry up I just finished doing my
nails
um did this little coat here and yeah
I'm gonna go downstairs and hang with
the dogs now Polly do you think we found
your owners do you think we found your
owners oh my gosh I will be so happy
she's such a nice dog like I just really
hope that this is her parents
well it has been kind of nice having two
dogs around they're both so relaxed
oh god I'm just so emotional I'm just
like waiting waiting hoping that this
you know three Indian can happen her
head she's like I thought we were going
to the park this morning okay so she's
here so I guess we're gonna get little
paulie's leash on and go out and meet
the owner this is the real motive true
so they go this pony
she's now reunited the owners so what
hotel was wagging a lot so you know it's
obvious that she's back she's back with
the rightful owners oh okay there you go
it all got sorted yeah for United Reggie
you're back you're back as a sole center
of attention you bad boy Fred she found
a dog and brought it home yeah no they
were so happy that they found her
basically she just escaped from the
garden yeah but they live quite far away
later and the other thing is Paulie was
16 years old yeah 16 you guys and that
and she was like fine yeah so poor
little thing yeah glad oh and they also
gave us this some champers
we're doing tonight um yeah so that was
just really good as soon as they saw her
like it was it was emotional you know
they knew I just got it you know I'm
just so glad that's just like the
best-case scenario exactly
perfect yeah all right now it's time for
you to go to the talk yes Reggie Park
are you gonna try to find another lost
dog yeah he's like what's that dog
wishbone who like solves mysteries I
spun oh no who's a um on the connect oh
yeah the littlest hobo a little yeah it
was no Bo okay you want to go to park
back in the park and Reggie is running
I wish he'd run with me but he never
does when I go maybe if I run past him
he'll he'll go with me let's see No
oh no you're not doing it unfortunately
unfortunat is not happening thing oh
look at her go okay oh look at him
glistening in the Sun oh yeah what a
beauty what a beauty he is damn a little
Walker roof rayji cam reggie cam he's a
dog he's not spider-man no no no raging
gap he found a stray and saved the day
he loves other dogs he loves leather
frogs haha he is a red guy did that
psycho is that good the temperature has
been fluctuating so much like last night
it was absolutely freezing like a
winter's day and now tastes like I was
like I'll put my winter coat on and
that's like pretty warm outside
definitely could've got away was just a
sweater I'm sorry I'm being so boring
and talking about the weather
as long as ditched us because he wants
to go quote unquote stretch his muscles
with the other two guys men you know you
just don't understand them sometimes you
really don't here he goes
climbing up stretching those muscles
nicely done okay he has made contact I
don't know I find it so funny when as
I'm like it just gets into man mode and
make man friends I just think it's
absolutely larious I don't know why I
just I don't know ladies do you know
what I'm talking about right now it's
just watching men do the manly things
hilarious he's trying to learn how to do
this exercise where you like lift your
whole body weight or where am i zooming
on to right now we're at where am i oh
there we go um he looks like your whole
body weight on the side
I don't think Aslan's quite there yet
gonna have to keep up the insanity I got
this little duck bunny thing for Aslan
sister do you think she's gonna like it
uh yes
yeah she's she loves this like cute kind
of saddle but she is 18 years old but
hey I wish somebody got me something as
cute as this it's a duck in a bunny
costume it's just adorable and
apparently it's a money box so I don't
know what I'm gonna see his sister Dex
but a cell if you're watching this is
for you girl I'm gonna give it to you
as soon as I see you yes I will full of
chocolate yeah here's something I've
been putting off for a while random
things that I bought online that didn't
fit right or just didn't look good or
whatever I have to return them in the
mail obviously the post office is closed
now but ya gonna bring them on Tuesday
and I just have to wrap and package
these up oh good I'm sure I'm not the
only one who always buys like two sizes
and then one usually fit and then I've
got to return the other one or neither
of them fed then I've got to return all
of it so yeah I'm gonna do that right
now just finish that up what I'm gonna
make some tea now just made my cup of
tea there's a little bubble in there
come on little guy get out you know now
I'm just gonna sit back relax and drink
my tea but not really relax I'm going to
edit I have lots of videos to edit for
my beauty channel as well as today's
vlogs I'm going to start editing all of
that Reggie is my editing helper I
really sometimes forget how big Reggie
is until I see him next to another dog
because he really is
very very big and very long and his tail
is long so yeah Aslan isn't here anymore
he had to pop out for a little bit so
yeah it's just me and reg just hanging
out I don't know if I've ever introduced
you guys to my mom before this is like
Inception here this is my mom on skype
say hi mom yeah well you are cool you
can see where I get my coolness from
guys me my mom we talk on skype every
now and then but my mom's telling me
she's got a busy life and has to go so
we're saying goodbye now for anybody who
lives away from their family do you not
think Skype is the best thing that has
ever happened to you if it wasn't for
Skype I don't think Ashlyn and I would
be a couple because we met on the
internet and we Skyped for like 9 10
months so yes guy has been a big part of
my life whenever I hear that I don't
know it just is slightly comforting I
haven't quite finished editing my first
video yet I know crazy but it's veggies
dinnertime you hungry are you hungry I
think he's I was just walking down the
street and my neighbors were driving
home and they stopped the car they're
like yesterday you know we saw the
posters of the dogwood what happened so
I told him the story it couldn't believe
it I guess they were on Twitter or
something and they saw that pic the like
image of the dog and Iceland's phone
number and it was like circulating
around Twitter so that's great Iceland's
phone numbers all over the internet now
no prank phone calls but yeah I just
think that's so funny that now like the
whole neighborhood knows that this dog
story so anyway they were really happy
and it's just I just can't get over it
myself to be honest I'm just taking all
the posters down that we put up
yesterday and there was one near a pub
and there was all these people sitting
outside the pub and they saw me taking
the sign down and they were like staring
at me like what is she doing they taking
that sign down probably think I'm a
horrible person you know but they don't
realize I'm the one who found the dog
and I'm the one whom rehomed the dog so
yeah I felt like telling those puppy
will stop staring me down just sitting
here drinking some orange juice
and something crazy happened guys
something very crazy happened my beauty
channel youtube.com slash se button has
hit 500,000 subscribers whoo
wow that's pretty crazy that's insane
just having a moment alone here just
thinking about everything yeah really
crazy thank you to everybody who's been
so supportive of me my videos bubble I'm
not going to get too much into that in
this video because I'm gonna make a
separate video about it on my beauty
channel but just wanted to say in real
time because it just happened that's
some crazy and thank you so much to
everybody I'm just gonna should be clink
glasses you know just gonna raise the
classlist but seriously you don't even
know just called my mom freaking out
about it it's pretty cool so thank you
everybody
it's crazy let's just let's just stop
talking about it for now but yeah I
can't believe him just looking at that
number 500,000 crazy it is now six
o'clock at night and I've just finished
editing the video that's gonna go up on
my beauty channel tomorrow it is the
last spring trilogy video it's a beauty
video Azlan just got home goose come
here I was like walking around and did
you know that three of their Flyers were
already taken down yeah like someone had
ripped them off
tamam mmm sickening I don't know what
the heck happened there but I took all
the rest of the coasters down okay yeah
cuz the dogs bound yeah are you hungry
no just came by for lunch I know but I'm
starving
I'm gonna wash my face to a face mask
and make myself dinner how you feel red
cheek cheek I just put this face mask on
it's this glam glow youth mud uh it says
tingle exfoliate treatment now there's a
fine line between exfoliating and
tingling and burning
now I haven't approached that line yet
but it's getting there I definitely feel
a tingle so I'm hoping it doesn't go
much more than that now this is a mask
that
all of the beauty bloggers talk about
first time I've ever tried it this is so
expensive this little pot this little
cutie thing I forget how much it was but
it was definitely over 20 pounds now why
why you know I'm expecting crazy results
here so I've just used it one time and
you can see I've already used like okay
not half of it but I've used quite a bit
of it so I don't know I am skeptical
about this but the results will you know
be the proof we shall see how my skin
looks after this and tonight and
tomorrow so I'll keep you posted on this
on my blog we're having I used to talk a
little bit early
yeah um like I stadium teaser teaser i
person went for the UM the whisper I
love me whisper Emily whispered one it's
like alright you don't like our I like
them but not really but my eggs are
cracked in it disappointment but do
basically hard to eat it mmm
pretty much I'm happy this job has
nothing to do I don't I'm making dinner
for myself steak for one right how's
that
but I would just have lunch so like
these went after restaurant zone let's
get that room for sure yeah here we go
what's this out on stank mmm
question the alarms off when you walked
on a test oh yes a bit yeah because of
all the time alright keep on walking
right yeah cuz whenever you buy meat
this security yeah well they should wipe
out something yeah you know yeah yeah
but yeah whenever you go have a shop and
the alarm goes off do you ever stop and
just like I just always just keep on
going because I know that I've bought
the stuff so I don't if anything chased
me and they tell it okay fine check it
I'm not yeah but whenever I go to that
test one particular I know the alarms
gonna go off so I approach it like this
cuz I'm so scared and every time it goes
off thank you could you could you tell
rod you like oh yeah yeah sure I look
around that was like and usually the guy
just says well I just go Thanks I know
the people won't what's the point of
even having it yeah I mean that's a bike
what this one you should do buy some
meat test or then you can just steal the
rest of the does it really matter
yeah believe it it's like okay keep
going by security going off no wrong I
don't know if you know this why I stay
but she's a master state cooker you know
I I always talk about how I don't cook
and I can't cook I've recently
discovered a couple of days ago I can
cook a mean steak mmm-hmm in the pan
mmm not on the barbecue one is hotter to
cook a steak on hand now I'm sure I
don't like do this perfectly like how a
chef would want to cook steak but tastes
good that's all I really care about
okay let's even Gail reflection this
whole thing no we're not whale on the
pan get things chicken mm-hmm then I
just take the state and kind of rub it
in the oil try to get he doesn't wait
for the oil to heat up the shoes it's
hot already you see it sizzled
i some think is a mistake but she makes
the steak so good every time i don't
even question anyone listen yet first
he's like no no no no no that's wrong
Ezra and he's like damn I'm pretty
an other thing I do that annoys Aslan is
I season it in the pan yeah that pigeon
well then I just write like that right
in the pan he's crazy and then what I do
I take this and I slap it into it meat
yes a button way oh you just thought
that missed the press room what would
you like I get a text from my mom and my
mom said when we were skyping earlier
that she was taking my grandma out to
all of the grocery stores in the area
like literally four different grocery
stores in Canada that my mom does this
every now and then like chill take my
grandma out and she likes to call these
kind of days seniors gone wild because
when you're a senior you know senior
citizen you need to see the world and
you like to see the world through
different various grocery stores so
anyway during this seniors gone wild
trip I guess they stopped at Tim Hortons
and you guys know how much I love Tim
Hortons and my mom sent me this video
which I will insert right now in which
she is taunting me with her Tim Hortons
order hi there can I have a large steep
tea with one milk and one sugar and a
Canadian maple doughnut please Canadian
maple doughnut please thank you mom mom
why why I'm really craving a maple dip
doughnut things I could eat some to
morn's right now double chocolate
doughnut chocolate chip muffin
double double chocolate chip cookie
vanilla dip doughnut
any kind of doughnut Timbits ice cap oh
my god the list goes on
gang pretty late now
eight o'clock Ivy yeah lights are youing
on I'm scoring down and it's reburning
my thighs but you know what I've been
doing insanity so should be used to it
yeah exactly
I'll be you there you go
okay so we're gonna end the vlog here
I'm just going to finish editing a
couple of videos checking out blog post
notes during my life and I will see you
again tomorrow for Easter yeah monster
2nd SmartTV Easter day oh yeah what's in
store for us then probably not bad oh my
thighs are now giving it so bye bye make
sure you check out yesterday's vlog if
you missed the entire stray dog thing
unfold I honestly still cannot get over
this whole situation I just think it's
pretty cool that it happened over Easter
and then if you want to check out my
recipe for ultimate burgers that's also
in a vlog hope you're having a great
Easter day and we will see you tomorrow
