good morning reg 3 for a walk let's go
good morning to everybody I just
announced on Twitter that I was going to
be doing this series called vlog stir
and this was one of my bright Jamie's
ideas last night at like 1:30 in the
morning but I thought since it's Easter
weekend now I should vlog every day this
weekend even though we don't really have
any plans and I'm gonna call it instead
of vlogmas for Christmas I'm gonna call
it vlogs derp for Easter Oh sometimes
you know sometimes I even surprise
myself now I'm just walking Reggie in
the park it's like I don't even think
it's 8 o'clock in the morning yet but
for some reason I woke up at like 7:30
and he's enjoying himself he's just
sniffing around as per normal Aslan is
still sleeping in bed he was struggling
to wake up that's for sure I didn't even
realize that it was Easter weekend until
yesterday I was like oh everybody's off
on Friday and Monday I had no idea
hopefully we can think of some fun and
exciting things to do maybe I can talk
Aslan into seeing a movie tonight he
doesn't love going to the theater
because he just finds it boring I don't
know he's a man who likes to be doing
stuff you know sometimes I leave the
house and I just think to myself what do
people think of what I'm wearing
trainers workout trousers nasty sweater
and a coat covered in Reggie's hair no
makeup big as sunglasses hair up in a
bun
you know I am dressed to impress today
I'm dressed to impress every time I walk
the dog when it's time to walk the dog
on my okay
let me just put the weirdest concoction
together at let's let's roll with it I
normally tried to do the dishes at
nighttime before bed but as you can see
that just straight up did not happen I
did not have strength and Reggie
certainly wasn't going to do it was he
you trying to eat my toes you try to eat
victims just making some toast here
let's see if it's the proper coloring
mmm
perfection I'm gonna have some peanut
butter let you guys into my cupboard
which is a disaster we've got no more -
peanut butter is on the go smooth and
gee and I like smooth so I'm going to
make this and have some water just
eating my peanut butter toast watching
its Judy's life and drinking some water
out of my Starbucks cup now this is
actually a plastic cup and you're
supposed to bring it back to Starbucks
to get your drink refilled in it but I
use it for water and this is like my
favorite glass to drink water out of I
don't know why I have peanut butter all
over my fingers but if anybody else has
this do you know the pleasure because I
cannot get enough the best part about
this is is that it only cost one pound
for this cup 1 pound 1 pound cup that's
crazy
that's crazy I just enjoy it so much I
can't explain it to you but I'm trying
but I can't okay I'm going to continue
what I'm doing as one's up say hi to the
vlog did you have a good sleep
yes nice what are you doing today oh you
know swearing my glasses
I mean stubble in having wiry hair hi oh
that's you hey rich hey buddy whoa
somebody's looking cool in their workout
gear we're just like terrified so why
are you in your workout gear uh because
I have been doing something with a
little friend of mine called Shaun T I
know you guys have this workout routine
called insanity yeah he's been doing it
every morning right in the 1 I'll be the
best son in one house yeah
but yeah I've been doing it and this is
like day yeah
day 4 day 4 yes day 4 of insanity I have
not been doing it because I was really
sick last week and it my cold lasted a
week so I couldn't even like walk up the
stairs without coughs adding a coffin
tag but today I'm feeling better so I'm
gonna start doing in San oh I'm not ya
hear that Reggie I'm probably not gonna
do it every single day but I might do it
a couple times a week with him so I
guess we're gonna see how it goes today
and sanity for me round one sanity
Friesland round four holy guacamole
I haven't exhausted you feel good though
then you know I feel you'll feel good at
about half an hour after you showered
everything you'll be like yeah you are
so good I couldn't believe how fit you
are I couldn't do like half the things
keep in mind this was the debut this is
your first day this is this is my day
for so most of the exercises have done
already so I'm kind of used to them you
still nice what I'm doing and I'm a
little bit like the Carter you know the
tightness in the chest goes like after
two or three days so I just had that
release of tightness my chest oh my god
there was like some things I was just
like no I mean look at my hair it says
it all doesn't it so anyway we're gonna
shower and recovery yeah Reggie's also
been doing insanity
he is just exhausted he's been sane
interesting yeah insane sleeping whoa
push it right push it dig deep dig
deeper dig deeper so we both just had a
shower and I did my hair and I've got no
makeup on because I'm going to be
filming the third and final part the
spring trilogy and then it's over how
sad I like doing it I might actually do
it for every season the fashion was
haunting me for like three months as I
planned it so but I think I'll just like
get better at them anyway I'm so hungry
and I was like I'm gonna make a chicken
salad like I can taste the chicken salad
I was like in my mouth in my belly and
then we had no chicken so I'm gonna go
after our local supermarket pick up some
chicken I stay and walk the dog yeah
I'll walk Reggie's excited yeah he
always walks at this time of day it's 1
o'clock so you go get the chicken and I
might make you a list of other things
yeah I mean obviously guacamole
obviously whatever and so neat escobar
Kamali by the way yeah I asked you 10
goodbye yeah I'm obsessed it's weird it
doesn't even taste that good but it's
like my comfort food over here I don't
know so Richie is ready to go Nicky's
this is like a ball okay let's go read
somebody's excited I can for a walk on
you buddy come on
yeah I suspect for a walk luck in there
I thought Reggie was looking at a cat
but he actually found a little dog
I don't know what's happening here
there's this little doggy curled up here
got a collar on so it must belong to
somebody so I've never really seen
anything like that before
it's shivering oh let me see what Aslan
says about this I'm just going to wait
outside until Aslan gets back because I
want him to go see that little dog with
me because it does look well-groomed I'm
sure it does belong to somebody but just
for my own peace of mind I want to know
if it belongs to that house just because
I'm you know I'm willing to adopt
another one of you not I'm saying
so as Ann and I are back with the dog
and we've asked around at a couple of
neighbors and they say it's not theirs
and they've never seen it before
he's got some issues with his eyes
definitely and also apparently on this
street yeah no he's not blind but
someone on the street said you're not
actually allowed to have dogs on this
street so it couldn't be anyone who
lives here so we're just gonna leave a
note anyway yeah I was gonna write notes
a dog found leave our number yeah
I'll take him in is this is how we get
done them I don't know but look he's
shaking little poor guys he's home okay
yes no okay
he's various he's walking right well the
leash so he's obviously used to walking
on the leash he's not aggressive with
people definitely belongs to somebody it
does look a little bit like rough around
the edges so I won't be surprised if
you've been on the streets like maybe
like three or four days yeah I can is
here so sleep in him okay wolf well why
not be able taken to a vet until
post-easter them yeah that's the thing
that's okay
oh no guys we I need back to it miracle
miracle that's a low pressure from God
hopes if it doesn't think like you're
stealing my dog well no no I mean it's
we don't be watch everything possible
well they seem to be getting along
fairly well I mean there's no aggression
or anything so that's a good sign
Oh Reggie he'd be sniffing each other
he's very sad because he thinks is going
on another walk it's like oh my god who
walks within like an hour of each other
is insane we just thought it's best if
they met outside yes I've heard that
penny is good be nice rich thirsty
little thing hmm get some water and some
yeah get some water and some food
yo Tesco pastel balls are perfect yeah I
knew my father very thirsty hmm probably
a pyramid yeah probably
great yeah the Kirkland bed smelt really
weird it did certain progressively got
worse and worse so horrible we watched
it but it hasn't really smiley Bassam
yeah it doesn't mesh well with natural
solos dog is yeah very thirsty oh she's
sniffing Reggie's toys I don't know
that's a good thing I know that those
can sometimes get possessive about toys
and things
what are you doing beauty stuff for 10
G's like oh my god you've been giving
some other dog attention for like a
couple of minutes and I can't take it I
can't take it hi what a honey for lunch
look at this oh wow that is great yeah I
know so baby I would pay for this I
would do and we technically did to be
volume idiot I don't so it's just like
some leaves and tomatoes carrots
cucumbers a breast of chicken and a
couple of pieces of bacon just cuz it
was gonna go bad and I I like bacon and
that's it and I'm gonna put some olive
oil and balsamic vinegar on no need to
make excuses for bacon surgery on my
laptop in here yeah and I'm just having
a laksa that I made yesterday action
just finishing that up I don't know
what's going I want to go Oprah I say
hates that idea why why not
which I love a friend when I meet Oprah
I'm not saying okay I am mid salad and
it is amazing and yes my mouth the
school food right now sorry I just
wanted to show you
Oprah's LA okay this is not Oprah okay
no the little doggie is just just
getting it out there on the her new bed
aka the towel Reggie is also yeah
Reggie's over there well she doesn't
seem to stress him out no he doesn't
he's not panting at all like he normally
would like when your mom's talking
Bridgette oh yeah what a collapse
kitchen so so highly wild and just yeah
like you know um look try to stay out of
each other's way she was sniffing his
toys oh yeah but he didn't seem to mind
that but that's the thing I'm worried
most about territorial stuff yeah if
nobody comes to climate today and we
take it for the night I think we'll shut
her in the kitchen and then let Reggie
have the living room yeah just in the
beginning because we don't know if she's
right once it all cool too and it should
be said as well that we've taken a
picture of her and after lunch we're
gonna go put it up on the there's like
I'm noticeboard down the street that's
like for the area finally I get these my
staple gun gee you happened I'm Elise
nothing like once in the past year you
have one yeah oh my god is it this is my
calling Jim so wait do we have to go in
like photocopy twenty thousand things
I'll just print off like 15 leaf oh yeah
okay
is this the Easter miracle that you
didn't even know could happen
I just did did you wake up this morning
with any thought oh no I don't just like
an Tesco and I say like Comanche she's
like this situation was I don't think I
was having my leg let go and well and
that like I know that I came back like
you know 25 minutes later by that time
it had been at least 35 40 minutes yeah
and then we went over there and we sat
with a dog would like just asking the
neighbors and stuff for at least another
15 20 minutes so I would say it's
probably like maybe an hour yeah since
the the first sighting the first
sighting of the dog was still there on
the same porch not moving we don't try
to steal the darkest matter
yeah
I was saying to ask them like it could
be the situation that she needed i
surgery and the person couldn't afford
it or something so they just left the
dog I don't know these are all things
I'm making up in my a lot you know my
head but you never know we hear about
this stuff I just can't believe I saw
her because I wouldn't have seen her
unless Reggie was like this but Reggie
got a girlfriend today
yeah Smeagol announced machine you know
she looks cute my paycheck Atlantica
Buchi could I put those out when I walk
Reggie in her we're just setting up my
video this is quite a high-tech setup
we've got this tripod set up on some
books and some paper and look who came
to join us up here oh stop calling of
that so maybe she'll hang out in here
okay bit of an outfit change I just
finished filming my videos I filmed
three videos which is crazy I'm still
hanging around with these two dogs so my
god crazy times crazy yes still - still
two dogs so we're gonna go take them for
a walk now and put the posters up
hopefully somebody will come forward we
shall see okay we're back from our walk
what a walk it was yeah what is the
strange situation that we've been in all
day today a lot of dog missing dog
related stuff yeah well not apart from
this the situation they're wearing we
were walking but Oprah and Reggie and
and the guy just like turn the corner
he's like looking really panicked and
he's just like Oh have you seen this
I've seen my dog he's like a lab mix
thing and I was like this is it you know
first thought this is the dog no no and
bulb until he said lab Nick yeah it was
like lava and Staffordshire Terrier me
yeah but yeah so this guy had lost his
dog as well yeah and this crazy buddy
well he did find an image yeah yeah he
talked to us and then like 10 minutes
later was home come around the corner
with with a dog my kind of dog looking
so happy so yeah and he's just like on
the top of the world yeah yeah he's they
have a great weekend Cheers
thanks for helping this and we didn't do
anything again but yeah so this is some
crazy stuff so we put up what 15 20
signs around the neighborhood yeah
and put up yes in pub in the pub just in
the park just on busy walkways that sort
of thing yeah so hopefully somebody
calls us yep
and claims are otherwise good dish
number do do it family we have talked
about getting a second dog and we pretty
much decided not to yeah but we've
always liked the idea because Reggie
like Reggie would probably like the
company what I Willis I forgot a second
dog we want to be a second bright happy
yeah the world works in mysterious ways
we shall see how this plays out I'm glad
we're doing vlog stir yeah well we'll
take it to the bat eventually if she's
still with us early next we can see
she's microchipped I don't think she is
cuz I thought all around and you can
feel microchips like you know so yeah I
can't feel anything but about actually
also just post something on gumtree yeah
I'm like yeah see if I get some
responses what are we doing now um well
I think we weren't going to go into the
Southbank because there's an amazing
street food festival going on there like
street food from all over well but yeah
since we've got the I don't know I feel
like we look weird if we just left
can I get my pajamas on I'm screwed
again on these pajamas on in teens is
hoping rips are actually comfortable
these jeans are comfortable they're not
pajama comfortable ok and what do you
think about this Reggie we haven't even
asked you what keeping with the new
different doesn't seem to monkey much
good he did growling bark aha once it
was past my fault because I was petting
Reggie I was giving like lots of
affection and I think she was kind of
curious about what's going on and she
came over and started like sniffing
Reggie but Reggie was like down like
almost laying like this on the floor so
he like growled about that huh but I
think that's because he just felt
uncomfortable something but apart from
that I they they haven't been aggressive
to each other as I'm watching this thing
on was it shouldn't YouTube just
something on YouTube but I'm scrolling
through my Twitter feed and
missglamorazzi just posted this thing
find your Easter Bunny name and mine is
Spanky blow pop that's
like on Sunday Spanky blow pop is a
definite point yeah what do you think of
Spanky blow pop that is opponent's f1
star name and Aslan's name is Lilly
snuggy bunny
thank you completion with red what's
Reggie's Reggie Falcon loco happy feet
that's Reggie look cool happy feet
what Oprah's come on her name's not even
Oprah
look at them just laying then make sure
you isn't it yeah going burgers and so I
thought it was gonna be you know sunny
please do a Easter Sunday oh the Easter
weekend but doesn't look too sunny but
regardless anyway I'm pushing on with my
barbecue dreams and I'm gonna make
ultimate burgers so I'll show you how I
make my burgers so step number one get
some beef mints we've got 500 grams of
just normal beef mince here nothing too
fancy now you want a bonding agent of
some sort to help it keep together
normally I use cream crackers but I
can't find any so I'm going to write v2
this time we're IV two crackers I'm sure
it's not gonna make a difference
about 40 grams of crackers make sure you
bash them up or blend them whatever you
want to do just get nice and fine now
put those in there now I'd say this is
an original recipes in my recipe this is
Jamie Oliver's recipe so I'm not not
trying to clean credit for anything now
get a handful of parsley and either
blend it up or chop it up or whatever
you want to get a nice and fine a few
cloves of garlic I'm but I just pop them
in there as well get them blended up and
about half actually depending on how
spicy you want these states can be
having these as well so I'm gonna make
it too spicy - just - chili in there now
let's get that blended again okay now
that's everything in there you want to
get some a good Old English mustard and
a little bit of a squeeze in there gonna
put in this much then just crack in an
egg oh and almost forgot
good old salt and pepper that looks like
a wonderful mixture now it's time to get
your hands dirty and just get in there
mix it all up smells a little bit right
v2e so I'm not sure whether the righty
the crackers were the best idea but
we'll see how it turns out now you're
gonna find out why I call them my
ultimate burgers because we are going to
stuff them with cheese that's right nice
John when I create a pocket inside the
bar go I'm going to fill it with cheese
for my pocket I'm going to go with it
some Taleggio which is a really nice
kind of creamy
the medium strength sort of cheese and
that stay just wants good old cheddar so
let's make that package our first one I
get a quarter via me and then shape it
into a cut of a half an inch thick round
disc then you want to get your cheese
and you should pull it in the middle
then we are I've got a few extra pieces
here they will squeeze in here okay I'm
not sure about okay yeah maybe just a
little bit get a bit extra in there now
you want to get another quarter of your
meat and then do the same thing and then
you've got the two pieces and you kind
of want to marry them together so I hope
you can see I'm gonna say we're gonna
get this which has if you can cheese and
then the other piece and just put it on
top like that I recommend using grease
proof paper makes the spot easy and then
you want to just put them together but
make sure these sides are really well
sealed you know sometimes you have to do
some extra work around here just to make
sure there's a good seal because you
don't that breaking and leaking when
you're cooking the burger there you go
there you have it the monster
so that's burger number one and I'm
gonna do the same with the other burger
another thing I like to make alongside
of burger in if just if you're feeling
extra hungry is a mushroom you get a
mushroom I put some salt and pepper a
little bit of olive oil and some blue
cheese on here and then if you wrap it
up in some foil and then you can
actually place it on a barbecue or in
the pan actually and then cook it it
takes about eight minutes or so and it
comes out just wonderful
yep all three babies ready okay pop
these in the barbecue go through dark
outside so mother brother filming that
well they take about four minutes on
each side that's about it really
they are massive you like them I guess
yeah hungry what are you suing it on
nothing Tom on your face in general here
is the burger I have to say you did
you've done an amazing job with these
little grill marks yeah what a pro
zigzag pattern got a little bit leakage
globally Fitch yeah but and I think
I know which burgers which I don't know
which one Oh big mistake big check the
scene Oprah is just like dying to get
her handle someone else and also by
watching beetlejuice that's a job okay
thanks
don't you guys just love beetlejuice
you're just reading god it's so guys you
at all it's one of my favorite parts too
we had our dinner feeling full yep what
do you love that fasten this girl
oh so I think we're gonna end it here
we're still babysitting Oprah and it's
not over I'm not calling her that
my grandma's have a cat named Opie we
can't name a dog after I can't that's
just wrong so we'll end the vlog here
and as you know we're doing vlog stirs
so we will see you again tomorrow with
an update yep right exactly all right
grab that ball see time oh wow check
this out
and then cut that's new that's pretty
snazzy my friend Fred is to pay for this
cute little design she also designed the
blog header on the main channel page of
our YouTube channel so I will link to
her website down below check out her
designs they're so cute and I love her
illustration styles but the main point
don't forget to either watch our last
video subscribe our last video was an
Ikea haul if you missed it to check it
out subscribe give this video a thumbs
up and we'll see you in the next video
