hey guys I've wrangled as Lenin for
another video today hello ignore the
raspy voice I am sick you know if your
boyfriend/girlfriend gets a cold and you
live with each other you know you can
get the same call it's gonna be it's
gonna happen like a week or weekend off
later
yeah do you feel it coming on not yet
but I can guarantee in about four or
five days I probably gonna feel it we
just do fine because by that time you'll
be fine and well to look after me like
I've been you know I'll see you oh here
we go
right anyway we asked in the vlog if you
guys wanted to see in I N in and IKEA
Hall and everybody said yes you know
everybody likes some home decor yeah
exactly and IKEA is the best place good
it's yeah pretty much everywhere and
cheap so here we go let's get into this
we have a huge selection of things to
talk about so let's just pick from the
top do you want to start I'm drinking
out of my favorite Tim Hortons mug so
just ignore that but I've got to keep
the whistle wet you know what I mean
yeah yeah it's gotta stay lubricated or
else coughing fit especially when the
whistle is a little rusty yeah there was
no what do you mean he whistles rustic
is you yeah exactly so I got to keep it
people with some wd-40 on there exactly
first thing is this fruit bowl is in
this wonderful neon yellow it's not
supposed to be a fruit ball I don't
think oh why it's missing like a ball of
some sort you can put whatever you won
and then on top it's kind of like a
cutting board access but I think you
could probably keep bread in there very
flat bread and use this reverse as a
cutting board or something along those
lines I really like it it's a nice shape
it's very pleasing I think the wood in
the Oh works very well together so and
the reason why we went to Ikea in the
first place is because they're new PS
2014 collection just came out and so did
their bro kick stuff yeah I thought it
was Brack e but everybody says it's
pronounced broke you got yeah especially
PS 2014 they do it every three or four
years or so I think and it's meant to be
kind of a Kia's newest kind of on trend
things so we thought anything awesome
yeah it's really much like and you know
it's super cheap because it's IKEA and
it is kind of what the higher-end
manufacturers are making you know so
yeah it's it's affordable an amazing
it's it's good guys get down to Ikea
it's really cool okay can you hold my
yeah a trip to Ikea would not be
complete without me buying wrap
paper that I really don't need I love
wrapping paper it is something that
makes me happy
in a weird way I just look at me yeah
yeah I don't care it's like a good
problem oh yeah I felt like my wrapping
paper stash back there anyway I've got
some heart-shaped design so this cool
lemon colored lemon color otherwise
known as yellow and some lavender lilac
so yeah cool wrapping paper
I don't we featured this before we
really like it it's the whistle and what
are they doing that name probably uh
yeah it's a desk organizer and thread of
white metal and cork and it's really
nice and look it looks really pleasing
the cork and the white combo looks great
and looks very clean it's a nice little
piece of design so you just put your
little bits and bobs yeah hands whatever
you know paper clips tidy that desk keep
it organized I've got one on my desk too
but then he wanted to get one too
copying
well actually I copied you technically I
stumbled across these things the dr√¥me
are there are little plastic sheet sort
of things that you could put on plates
place plans did not place methods like
things to put baking on you know oh I
give you baked a cake you could put this
on the plate so it's like a little
decorative and I'm going to be doing a
couple of Easter well one Easter Blancos
and I just thought that would be cute
through my cookies no yeah nice this may
look like a piece of just MDF but it's
not um it has to be constructed I didn't
realize that so don't be a cut away I
hope in the cutaways right now it's all
looking beautiful but this is
essentially just a laptop holder and
it's really nice kind of a geometric
shape with that pastel a muted neon yeah
a nice blue under so yeah it looks nicer
I think I stay one of this because you
wanted to lay in bed and have like a
laptop Stan yeah because my laptop is
always overheating like and it's like
gonna take off and I like having a
little stand instead of like keeping it
on my legs I don't know yeah instead and
you know you can fold a flat put
underneath the bed you can it's simple
simple cute little things I should have
put this in with the wrapping paper but
I also got some of these like cute
little decorative ribbons and some
straws these are like bigger than
average straws extra wide yeah so if
you're having a smoothie you're like a
juice or something I just I like straws
very cute and summery and springy and
yeah
is a lamp this is also Brockie this is
kind of one of those fancy clamp on
lamps so you just clamp it onto the side
of the desk and actually hangs on and
again it's really nice it's kind of a
ripoff of a famous British kind of lamp
but it works well and it was so cheap I
think was only like 12 it was something
like 15 pounds and I've been looking for
a lamp for ages I want to put it on my
makeup desk because there's no light in
this room these are all like fake lights
so when I'm doing my makeup it's like
basically in the pitch-black end that's
when things start to go wrong for me you
know and I've been looking for a lamp
and they're all really expensive so when
we saw this first of all it's one of my
favorite colors light pink and it was a
good price and it's cute and it was
right in front of me and I put it in the
cart yeah there you go you know this
reminds me of like the mother of that
Pixar little baby lamb yeah this would
be the mother like justice she's about
to give birth or something cute little
come on pinky Leakey I mean come on big
sorry sticking to pink I got this Bush
they've had this particular design for a
while but I think the pink shade is sort
of new it doesn't come with these little
Bush things you buy them separately like
this they're fake but I just thought
they looked kind of cute together and
brought some green into this room and
like I said there's no light in this
room so I can't have real plants in here
because they die I've tried so I just
thought it'd be nice to bring a little
of this into here I might put it back on
this shelf back there imagine what
that's gonna look like that looks very
good yeah looks amazing just work up
some more cast 2014 things here these
are little organizers again will desk
organizers or like food storage
containers yeah but there are nothing
there we could put the nuts in there
although this one doesn't add much
capacity oh look again yeah made out of
glass in the bottom and mask on top and
again nice colors on trend and the
shapes are kind of cool as well what yes
2014 me the PS brand or the PS
collection every I think it's every two
or three years or maybe longer than that
IKEA gets a bunch of designers to design
a PS line for them and it's meant to be
like a taste of design at that moment in
time so like a real trend thing yeah so
like last time as PS 2012 on this time
spears 2014 only ever
every two years every two or three years
I mean you can tell this man loves like
you I mean it's not as cheap as some of
the IDF stuff does tend to be kind of
like MIDI medium IKEA prices but it's
definitely a lot cheaper than what you'd
get if you're going for like an actual
like proper name-brand yeah it's like at
least six or seven times cheaper so
what's not well more fake flowers I
won't really spend too much time on
these but I normally have tulips in the
background of my videos here and that
was getting to be quite an expensive
habit because you know and we film like
maybe one or two videos a week and then
every week I'm buying the tulips and
they're really nice but you know I just
thought that was getting a little bit
crazy so I saw these little fake flowers
in IKEA they weren't too expensive from
what I remember and I just kind of made
a little selection I thought they looked
quite cute together I'm going to put
them in my same white balls that I
normally use and hopefully they look
good I mean from afar
hopefully you can't tell their faith
they're not like the best fake flowers
but they're okay they're they cost the
same as a normal bouquet of Tudor so did
they I'm a live okay yeah we can oh I
think I say bouquet bouquet a bouquet of
flowers a bouquet no bouquet okay
I'm losing it I don't know how I
pronounce things anymore am i British at
my canadian ever I say bouquet bouquet
okay so yeah here's my new bouquet about
some ikf STS 2014 babies piss yeah we'll
just sorted to piss piss 2014 bedding
we're actually not sure whether this
will go on our bed with the size will be
big enough but we shall wait and see if
it's not what is return or we can let
Reggie use it which would kill me but I
just fell in love with a pattern so much
but they didn't actually have our bed
size so we're gonna try to squeeze our
Dube into this as well yeah we'll see
it's an experiment this random Cup I
just liked it I've always wanted it I've
never purchased it and I thought what
cup sizee here's a pillow I've got a
pillow I was gonna say a pickle fetish
ball that's gonna come later but I also
have a pillow fetish and I liked the
pattern like when I first saw these you
can see my reaction in the vlog like I
was just enamored all along was okay
yeah I you have to buy the cushion
separately and I think
the actual cushion cover was five pals
and I think it's so cute I'm gonna put
it on that couch back there but some big
jaws over here yes we do
why did we get these because you have a
picnic message as you said I want to
start pickling yeah because there's
nothing more that screams I'm young and
cool than pickling yeah I'm a 23 year
old who wants to pickle look me pickling
like experimental stuff no we're
pickling vegetables yeah I'm not like
picking drugs or something I bought a
book about the art of pickling if any of
you guys are Pickler's let me know I
wanted pickled turnips and cucumbers and
carrots and beets my favorite pickled
thing is tomatoes I'd never be out there
pickled tomato you put paint a pickle
tomato in a soup it just yeah if you've
never had like pickles other than
regular dill pickles oh my god they're
good and I wanna make my own yeah so why
not so I got these jars for pickling
they're probably not the perfect
pickling jar but yes I'm gonna start
pickling I will document my experience
on the vlog channel I'm sure second last
thing this is a little baking kit thing
what is this calll like an icing kit
yeah I want to decorate some cookies for
Easter and I'm gonna use this to do my
decorating that's very very are you
gonna help me make those cookies or what
um I hope you decorate them yeah okay go
in the back for quick pickup okay and
last but not least is this stool right
here definitely not least this is
probably my favorite thing like I
thought it's a copy of Aalto stool these
were kind of I think first design like
in the 60s but I guess be making cheap
copies ever since and they are pretty
much honestly I've seen real ones and in
terms of quality of construction maybe
the wood and this is cheaper but that's
really not much difference that was our
entire IKEA haul I really hope you guys
liked it we enjoyed going to Ikea we
loved going on key it's like almost like
a date for us a date yeah that's it's a
very sexy romantic day okay
it is oh look at these legs on that
chair now you buy some three pound
twenty meatballs if you did like this
video and you'd like to see more
home-related hauls or videos give this
video a thumbs up that would be cool you
have twitter and instagram don't you I
do lion's mane the oh in line is zero
yeah willing that down below other than
that I think we're gonna wrap it up okay
you ready wrapping it wrap it up I that
was the weirdest like most weird thing
I've ever done
bye
