good morning everybody I am awake on a
Sunday morning it's 9:30 in the morning
and I've just had a shower which is
progress for me because normally on
Sundays I like to chill and relax and
pretty much don't shower at all because
normally we vlog on Saturdays but we
didn't vlog yesterday because we were
busy doing some exciting and DIY stuff
that's gonna be up on my main channel in
the middle of March March now in the
middle of April
Reggie's just down here snoot patrollin
he's new patrolman Reggie looking for
kibbles so I'm just going to publish a
blog post right now I'm also uploading a
vlog which you'll have already seen by
the time you see this and one other
thing my nose is red I know it's always
red in the morning red noses represent I
plan it's making Sunday morning thanks
smile for the camera
Oh what are you doing many thanks oh
yeah I make em Canadians that what you
are yeah when you put the flow and
bingpot it and egg yolks yeah
real test Oh fado your head no over my
head okay what huh guys
things are getting great today this
whole time I think I've been dude in
quite a bit there we go yeah we've got a
Code Red situation because we cannot
find the maple syrup that we bought in
Costco so I'm gonna now be on the hunt
for that right now
victory yes yes yes it was actually
behind Reggie's dog food oh you excited
for this cuz I'm making noise as I've
never made before oh yeah baby drown in
that maple syrup it's not this blue by
the way this is just the white balance
oh don't worry about that yeah we don't
live like it out weird post-nuclear
landscape you can see the thing eggs are
very fluffing is because of the egg
white that you fold into mixture the
authority of maple syrups are spoken I
know it says pure maple syrup I'm not
convinced okay even though it says on
the bottle here ingredient pure maple
syrup okay
that's it it probably is pure maple
syrup but from what kind of trees and
how much extra water is added in that
well it is grade eight the only way
we'll see her life is the stuff I get
from my neighbor in Canada ten fifteen
minutes down the road makes it himself
on his farm that is maple syrup just
love this Kirkland crap yeah Calculon
normally I smuggle maple syrup to
England when I come help back to England
in my defense I'm flowing this knife
round quite a bit and we're actually all
out of the supply so next time I go home
which might be sooner than you think I
am bringing like kegs of maple syrup
home well yeah
meanwhile I'm making more pancakes
mm-hmm double-time it I'd like to do
although it takes too long you know you
got a dude double so a southern I just
finished breakfast and watching the
latest well it's actually not the latest
episode of its Judy's life but it's the
second latest
and Aslan actually commented telling
Benji which beard to try indeed Benji's
a big bit I didn't know that was already
glad to hear yes
like I loved it like my drink of choice
when it comes to alcohols bit it's not
why laughing like they said that there's
more types of beer in the world than
there are wine I was also glad to hear
that so that you like that yeah I should
like learn lots about being talked about
feeling from some white wine now
I've just got a film a few extra little
clips for my DIY video that I'm doing
for the spring trilogy series so as I'm
going to help me with that because I
need a second pair of hands and so we're
just going to do that and then I'm
probably going to put my makeup on I
should probably do that a little more
today
put your face on and you haven't even
showered so you can't judge the time
you're not driving today no oh you're
from the man oh yes you Aslan's working
as magic here helping me film because
he's got the magic touch when it comes
to slow motion camera work and Reggie is
a fan of slow motion work as well he is
taking a nap on his new bed which by the
way he loves we also have his old bed
here because we don't know which one he
prefers last night he was all about the
old bed but then in the daytime he seems
to like this one we call this his
trampoline because it's very springy and
he's always falling off of it like
bouncing around on it but when he gets
comfortable he sleeps like nothing else
I think he does like this bed quite a
bit whoo we are ready for the day I bet
you haven't seen me in red lipstick for
a while design red or coral actually
it's a brand new MAC lipstick that I
bought well I didn't buy it actually it
was a back to Mac is you can take six
map containers and get a free Mac
lipstick and I went for this one any
guesses what this one's called um ladies
danger what do you think yeah and I
really like it because it matches my top
and then you know what I mean now also
for the spring trilogy I'm doing a
fashion segment and I just wanted to do
a quick little fashion filming thing
which I will need a son's help for but
we also have to take Reggie for a walk
so we're going to tie that all in
together take Reggie for a walk do the
filming for the outfit and then we're
going to move on to our next escapade
which we're actually very excited about
so done with the film
now four stays outfit of the day that
was that what it is it's a spring
trilogy spring trilogy sorry yeah gonna
film the last one so yeah I know it's
like a five outfits for spring or
something I haven't decided
dr. Hesse we're going to go to sea
sensing spaces at the Royal Academy
which is this exhibition about
architecture basically these architects
have all been given a space which they
make their own and you meant to go there
been very well reviewed
we were actually meant to go about a
month or month and a half ago maybe even
close to two months ago even bought the
ticket yeah we actually bought the
tickets online but we had lunch plans
with people before with the actual the
museum event so we were going to lunch
and then go to sensing spaces but the
people were late for lunch and then in
the end is like well you know wait for
them and I wouldn't want to make lunch
like half an hour so we'd ended up not
going yeah it's kind of rude I felt like
an ocean and it's taken us now pretty
much two months to go again this is
actually the last day so finally we're
like okay this is we have to do this and
I actually bought acid in that book
there's like a book that goes along with
it and he said that he wouldn't open the
book until he saw the actual oops we see
him so it's good name we're going today
otherwise you'd never open what I mean
exactly Mint Commission forever anyway
so yeah we're heading out we're probably
gonna get some lunch I'm thinking ramen
yeah on the underground everyone always
makes funny with this
- Allegra a tune - this is like t oo v
naught cube look equation Z is that like
it was like a horse and most like that -
no but all of the trains in the center
like kind of relate and I kind of funny
slow flow and then we will get a ramen
first so here we are world famous
Piccadilly Circus yeah well I know
what's going on with the statue of Eros
over there that's a major repair going
on that yeah that's right windy now I
want to show you something
he thought I was told
you think but I'm not going to tell us
this guy this is apparently the tallest
man in the world
let's get a good view here we go we got
children in a way here look at that look
at that that's pretty crazy
I stays plaster falling off a foot so
sheets you read up on competes you know
what it's like to break into new shoes
yeah but it's ok it's ok
singing when you walk in on that yeah
because they know ladies need a comfy
anyway the the place we'll go for lunch
is the other nearby flawless Sorbonne
daddy's trying to do a good ramen that
suddenly national that's gonna be sign
let me just paper these I'm getting too
bad just waiting for a state to pay over
there and wow this is a lot of shades of
foundation didn't realize there could be
so many shades of foundation but there's
like like 15 maybe more shades maybe
here that's crazy
from the widest to the white to a
delicious walnut what they call yeah is
it is number seven known to being a firm
that's got like the most shades of
foundation muscle like I know look at
this insane yeah that's good well that's
crazy
let me apply at five so I stays gonna do
a quick how-to I'll be demo because want
to be able to know what these are and I
feel like everybody needs to know yeah
it's it I get a lot of blisters and this
happened is this is some real hello
I've been pickpocketed no okay that's
good okay so anyway I get a lot of
blisters and regular band-aids or
plasters do not work so these are more
expensive I can't lie there way
overpriced drives me insane and I'm
going to show you what they are see open
it up first of all they come in this
plastic thing
why what's very useful like it is you
put them in your process protection
right it protects them okay this is this
is a very very luxury product the energy
goes so then it comes like it looks like
I'm basically like an oval piece of skin
yeah that's a grab like like a like gold
member here oh yeah like this it's got
the keeper yeah so then what you do is
you take this off its like clear you
know we're in the middle Evan yeah this
is this is so real this is like on the
streets here but she's doing the review
for you guys for you then gonna remove
my last one awesome okay look at my feet
all cut up disgusting then I just my hey
like so
Thunder an animation party now spa time
it down now that looks great now put put
it on and let's see the back of your
heels compared to the other one look at
that oh look at that difference we've
got the other plaster you clearly senior
but the cop beam looks like you've got
nothing on Wow Wow
yeah it's real like if I like it feels
way better than the plastic not so like
punching a bunch yesterday I'm not
working for concrete right but they're
all very good no bloody expensive oh
yeah yeah bring down even more like I
don't know bring another price by like
water and that you at least in that be a
lot more kind of competitive and
attractive with all time then will I go
get a computer plaster or compy cost
five times awesome I'm gonna pop yeah
yeah well if you got blisters computer
the less but god damn comfy bring on
those persons Oh anyway oh look this is
Jamie Oliver dying to pop up
look at that pop up everything is pop up
these days like what isn't a pop up like
I've seen a pop up like from fashion
shops to diners to ice cream store sucks
yeah anything and everything interesting
on the beer front you might see they've
gone
good selection of air these and they've
got this a sunny super creamy head so
I'm sad to try that I mean the snack
seemed okay not great are they gonna go
for fried chicken or maybe some edamame
I have an actual main ramen I think
we've got the t22 oh yeah I give you
pickled garlic and they give you a press
so like we're going to be garlic gazing
perfect fresh in the table paradise on
top of that they also give I thought
this is a spices on some boats now they
give you time yeah hair ties so for the
girls if you don't together you're able
to get you needed us why you don't
attach me yeah that's crazy it's a cool
and they also give you put it on put it
on
to a fully suits you
Thank You Robin free I stayed on her
juice I got my beer
yes Lego and awkward and she said
passionfruit I thought I'm really
testing the lipstick so it's kind of
mommy seems here for a moment we never
had me served so good I think I know why
they're so good my book like take one
mean they're covered in souls that he
goes
and you got one left
okay they go perfectly within like
reading Lawson
so now the fried chicken is come which
is very nice actually
yeah it's very well fried not overdone
and then we also have a stage favourite
pickles it's quite a range in selection
of it like it's been like it looks like
a little frog it's like it's like a
heart things except of cauliflower and I
love beets carrots there you go perfect
so we've got around but as mates doing
some transfers and I think that she
doesn't like mainly all the greens and
see we know it's not that it's clean its
rocket right yeah it's rocking from and
eggs please it's gotta go but now
that's what her husband
is right inside no you want this stuff
it's like I don't know actually it's
probably chicken - chicken okay starchy
yeah delicious so let's dig in she was
like oh my god this is really good like
a really really good really good my
phone so we had an accident but it seems
really foggy and blurry that's because I
dropped the camera into the bowl of
ramen
so we'll be walking like okay
no the battery's black like it's dead my
camera's dogs so take it back the camera
okay maybe I better fix it but the ramen
is very good it is very good there's an
extra dash of camera the extra dash of
lithium-ion battery really makes it Oh
as I said getting better it's getting
better it is getting better that's when
I get up all right
you
I'll have to revert to the iPhone today
that's Monday there's no one getting all
riled up and upset about it
but it was absolutely hilarious what
happened and everybody in the restaurant
was staring hate what they work of the
guys next door sister is like first of
all why are you filming second of all
why is it now in the bowl of ramen there
it is bone daddy's it was very good
definitely an 8 out of 10 now I am
typically very hard to please when it
comes to in RO restaurants now a 10
because this is this is not a Japanese
ramen like you know this isn't about the
finesse of the subtle flavors combining
yada yada yada
this is like an American interpretation
of ramen everything's like really super
thick and heavy like it's super chickeny
and they give it like so many that so
much like chili oil and it is like lots
of intense flavors all working together
and it's got damn satisfied now we're
going to walk over to the Royal Academy
buddington house which is going to be
about a 20 minute walk one picket
Eddie's pretty much okay yeah I'm sure
they will Oh what's this is you want a
Garnett we're walking down Regent Street
now and I wanted to point out something
that Aslan is starting to do it's um as
one's gonna say it and you're gonna
guess who is he impersonating do it
number two what's that number two what
are you saying that number two now if
you like we house no idea to be nanny
here obviously and you guys never come
up
as when it's impersonating dr. evil yeah
I know I didn't know either
Oh a little bit high number two sounds
nothing like it and now as I started to
actually start calling me number two
he's saying I'm on number two good money
for you but I said he has nothing in
common with dr. evil except that they're
saying the same words 1 million dollars
I think I says 1 million but no he says
100 million dollars I used to do it all
the time like this like he's just do say
something oh yeah he's like right now do
that right okay good that's it that's
that's we watch it that's that's the dr.
evil impersonation today holy schmoley
it's big cute very cute
oh look we can go up a visitor down okay
we can let's find the up top there's the
uptown
I can't even see over ya horse day just
bring it down to my level
yeah just a bell so this is where
everything getting their sticks from
you'll just through these up because you
get given these sticks in the corner
over there and because this large
sculpture is made but people being
people of course double stick no and I
just threw them on top looking all those
messy more just cause it's last day no
no I think that's taken Jeremy we're
going through the tunnel of sticks gonna
cool this at first looks looks a lot
more traditional almost seems like it
doesn't fit into the exhibition but when
you're closest actually one single I
don't think it's a single piece but it's
like two or three pieces of highly
reinforced concrete and it feels it
really smooth very thin so we're out now
um it was nice but it was very busy so I
think I we didn't get to enjoy as much
as it's possible because you know when
museum is very busy it's difficult to
like really stand back and take things
in and we do the story because the last
day she came when we had our original
ticket who should have come before and
then just opposite the RA is photo of
Mason's and I stay shock horror just
hoping that she's never been inside for
during my shock or I was like oh what's
important of in Mason but he's like
you've never been so we against
polarization is it food yes it's
basically it's a department so they do
sell other stuff and food but the reason
why they are famous is because of their
foods so we're just still wandering
around in here and it's really crazy in
here because first of all it's carpeted
you can probably see in the background
it is carpeted which uh that is fancy
yeah and just like lots of teas
chocolates
here's an overview I feel like I'm in
the movies or sell like it says Kate
Middleton or something it's really cool
I am feeling so pretty right now we get
some tea and look who's imagining
darling lapsang souchong this is really
cool this is like really enhancing my
British lifestyle I feel like we're
going to the Opera or something so cool
I think I'm stopped we just got home and
Aslan's already taking Reggie for his
evening walk he said it's technically my
turn to walk Reggie but then Aslan said
that since he dropped the camera in the
ramen that he will take one for the team
and walk Reggie which I promptly cashed
in and I was like okay I think the best
fare cuz I'm like kind of tired so yeah
he's gonna go walk Reggie and I think
you know what time it is
it's time to put on my pajamas and get
my hair up into clip let's do this me
and he's back there is scratching his
nose on the bed like he does off the
heat
you just risky if it's risky oh do a guy
Oh
for some reason I feel exhausted yeah I
know I just feel like be I don't know
why ya need you you need to go wash your
face get your clip on get your pajamas
on yeah like I did I got a face oil
treatment going on discuss what we're
gonna do this evening what are we gonna
do is healing you better look of fear in
your eyes I thought we were gonna put
together the IKEA stuff okay yeah sounds
fun cuz it's it's not hard I kissed well
we don't I don't care okay yeah we'll
put together Kirsten it's not hard I
guess it's like two things it's like one
take once a little side table and what's
the other thing
Reggie's still chilling out on his bed
on his trampoline this dog loves this
bed I don't care what anybody says this
is the bed he prefers more than this one
as you can see tumbleweeds nothing and
over here the king
ah we might want to watch the last few
episodes of homeland when we were in
Fortnum and Mason
we bought some peach tea I might brew
myself a cup of that get the homeland on
get the blanket on and oh relax and then
tonight I'm gonna have a little spa
night if you're wondering what I'm gonna
do
I've already done a blog post about it
called Sunday stuff oh and another thing
before I go make my tea I know how we
mentioned in a couple of logs back that
we're gonna be always uploading on a
Tuesday that's not really working for me
I gotta just say that that plan is off I
mean I can still keep doing it but
sometimes I'll like vlog on a Wednesday
and then I'm like oh I don't want to put
it up on a Friday because then I won't
have anything for the Tuesday and or you
know whatever scenario i've got going on
in my mind but it's just it actually
inconveniences it more and I'd rather
just put the vlog up as I have it and if
I don't have one up on Tuesday let's
just move on with ourselves and maybe
I'll put one up on Wednesday you know
what I mean
make it a free country you know yeah
it's a free country that's how I'm
looking at it from this point on I
thought it was kind of a nice idea to
have like a day but it doesn't really
work out I'm still gonna do blogs
regularly I'm gonna try to actually keep
doing more vlogs as I like doing them I
think they're fun and actually the month
of May
the month of May that's not how the
arcade bar goes the month of May yeah
yeah yeah the month of May is going to
be an exciting month why is that I'm not
gonna well I'm excited anyway but
there's gonna be lots of vlogging going
on in May that's my point so this is the
tea I ended up going with the Fortnum
and Mason black tea with fruit peach and
I got the tea bag for version version of
tea bag for the ferns Yeti yeah Keaton
wants to do more than smell it would you
eat it
retching you're like tea if it's paper
Reggie wants it yeah doesn't matter what
it is he wants it then you have this
someone yeah whatever mother's love you
know I'm not fazed by slobber what's it
smell like very refreshing very nice
it's all good
bread gee buddy you'll get a snack but
it's not going to be tea a tea bag this
is seriously bordering on TMI but you
don't even know how bad this room smells
right now because Reggie farts 24/7 this
is a secret man I feel we have to now
Chambord we've kept up his perfect image
because we really like the idea people
adopting right hands because just thing
like they're amazing dogs and I make an
amazing dog in like there's some who
need a hug but one thing I think you
should always be aware is they fought
and a fart from greyhound can clear a
room
absolutely that's like a known thing
that going on start a lot apparently you
feed them yogurt I don't think he'll
more than most dogs it's just for some
reason his fuss I just so so yeah
stinky they're potent and also that you
can actually hear him farting like he's
like looking at me like why are you
telling everyone like we'll be watching
TV or something and all of a sudden
we'll just hear this and we're just like
was that you but I've actually heard him
fart like oh perhaps that was a bit
overexcited of me but yeah that's I can
hear him fart like a human sound
I recently are things being the karate
chop massage yes he loves it is what you
do is just do the karate chops
the way down yeah now I think I'm gonna
go have a bath and relax so I think I'm
gonna end the vlog here right that all
right with you is that all right with
you Reggie
that's fine my man so we will see you in
the next vlog bye hi
