good morning everybody I was a little
dumb and forgot to film an intro for the
first vlogmas so I'm obviously doing
vlogmas very exciting and this is the
first log from yesterday so I hope you
enjoy it so they asked me to bring some
real Canadian maple syrup which of
course I always have on hand this is
actually maple syrup that my dad made
made from the trees in his own backyard
so this is gonna be good I think this is
really good impressed then I just got
here and I have to say I'm very
impressed with this setup I mean it's
not too shabby so I'm gonna give you a
little tour so you walk in look look at
all these people and you guys think
youtubers do nothing look how many
people it takes so you walk in and look
at all this space I can just like do
lunges around here well I would and then
you go inside and here's their set oh my
gosh it's just incredible it's just
absolutely incredible so they've already
made me a lovely cup of tea and I'm
going to enjoy this okay I'll explain it
this is very tight grief okay so barring
Jenn you're gonna open this fridge say
hello and welcome to food town if you
eat food and this is the show for you
coming up in the fridge today YouTube's
job cut s they comes in and goes hey we
say it stays with us we're gonna be
cooking with her so all I have to do is
say hey you can yes I mean if you want
to but the conversation further Matthews
okay
you then have to read a list basically
what's coming up in the show you go
we're doing this we're doing this but
first and this is the critical part but
it's felt bu TT like a booty go but
first out of the fridge
oh my god okay turn up it would be a
camera where you are I am gonna say sort
of food make me breakfast poutine you
stupid bitches or something like that
okay you say the word bitches that's
fine you can say the Webley she's gonna
say whatever you like okay so this is
gonna be great all right
good and just look at this fridge
there's no back to this fridge nope
I just want to show you guys the view
from the fridge I wonder your finger
will say no this is a great way to check
out the outfit I'm trying to be casual
but I look like a little bit ahead yeah
yeah okay all right I ever made an
effort by Lipka right that's the best
kind of look this is a backstage fridge
code and in case you're wondering where
the page is if you want a my original
quick flip is to make you hello hello so
we did you have it hello and welcome to
freak out if you encourage and this
Easter shuffle again coming up in the
fridge today to pretend then hello and
welcome to fridge candy we furnish and
this is the show for you in fridge today
that's it like a great time to come what
any like oh we are now yes okay ready
hey it's este este is going to be taking
on our catch of the day channel can let
me show you all the most of it perfect
smoothie but first go from our first bit
yeah I study after you got a buck first
if you come out then can you immediately
light up the camera
I'm in saying whatever you want to say
okay so I'm saying but first this is a
different outlook here I'm inside maybe
some poutine bitches yeah first maybe
some poutine bitches please
yeah so we've been gone for a while
because we've been making this
concoction it is a breakfast poutine and
it is really you do not want to miss
this video when it comes out because
you're gonna learn how to make this and
let me tell you this looks like the best
thing I've ever seen in my life
whoo team my mouth I love that who made
this spinning table the whole time it's
for me buddy everything
that's it that's a big one oh that's
gonna blow do it it's gonna be a biggie
okay there go squeeze it now tit so we
stopped filming and everybody is going a
little ape right now yeah you guys
want to be in I want to watch that first
bite I want to oh that looked good oh
come on this is core vote no and what oh
I think it's beautiful I think it's
actually stunning watching the whole
team I think request the best dish
another way this is the big one
each of us in past times yeah I made
them this is really funny to watch this
that syrup is good
things ended really well for me but not
so well for you yeah I've had better
days let's just zoom in on this oh yeah
all right it's all done it was very
taxing and not fun at all but yeah I had
to do it so I just want to say goodbye
to the squad here they were all right I
guess yeah I know yeah ladies so if you
guys have never seen sorted food
definitely go check out their channel
they cook a lot of stuff and they've
cooked everything so make sure you go
over there subscribe immediately and the
video that we've done on this amazing
poutine is coming out soon so stay tuned
for that as well I just got home from
filming the video was sorted food and
honestly it was so much fun like I don't
know if you could tell from the scenes
beforehand but we were just like really
going to town making the craziest food
and was it was genuinely delicious
delicious it was really good um and
everybody that was just so funny and I'd
never met them before so it's really
cool to like go see how they do things
and everyone was so nice to me so
definitely like I said go check out
their channel and support them because
they're really awesome guys and a really
nice team of people so now I am back in
my living room but I'm going to be using
it as my desk today I have a to-do list
the size of France and I'm gonna just
get on that this is the thing about
vlogging it's like okay I did something
really fun in the morning but now it's
literally just it's 2 o'clock now and
I'm probably gonna be at my desk until
about 6:30 tonight just doing stuff but
I will try to keep it interesting for
you guys but for now I'm going to go do
some typing so you know how I make
videos about being an organized human
well today I have to actually walk the
sorry I have the hiccups I have to walk
the walk I have to put all this stuff
away which was from my Christmas gift
guide ignore my hiccups put all this
stuff away I've got to get my um
Christmas gifts in order
it wrapped up for some of my family
members and just kind of sort out my
life a little bit of course I've got a
cup of tea ready to go it is now time
for Reggie's afternoon walk and he of
course has his coat on because it is
really cool that side today and it just
makes me happy to look at him in his
coat it's just very cute he's got a
little reflector on his tail so that
everyone can see him if it gets dark
outside and he's just a lovely little
creature in that little hood we're
snowed if this is not the cutest thing
you've ever seen that I just don't know
what is he's just a lovely little man in
his little leaf pile in a beautiful home
but across the street
whenever Reggie wears his coat outside
people always laugh when they see him
and part of me slightly offended for him
but another part is so happy that he's
just spreading so much joy he's just so
cute where is he serious it's like I
don't want to be on camera anymore
Reggie's over here having his dinner
which is his favorite meal of the day
and I have quite a few dishes to clean
up so I'm going to do that right now
against my will but it has to be done
whenever I did the dishes I have an
audience because he's always snooping
around for treats but you just had your
dinner and I'm not going to give you any
more treats because you already had some
no there's no treats in my pocket are
you lovely are you the loveliest boy he
is now going to smell the dishwasher in
hopes of a morsel of food you'd think
we'd never feed him but now he's just
very greedy boy
so for dinner tonight this is what I'm
making because I'm a little tired as
one's not home and I just want to do
something quick so I got these meatballs
meatballs from Daylesford when I did my
online shop it was available I wish I
had a Dale's burg near me because it's
so good um anyway inside this little
package are indeed some meatballs I
swear there's one kind of tell so I'm
going to heat up half of this for me and
then I'm also going to heat up half a
pack of this rice because it's just
super easy just put it in the microwave
but a big bada boom
we're gonna have a kind of healthy
spaghetti and meatballs without the
spaghetti and it's rice instead there we
have it a delicious quick little dinner
I've got my meatballs I've got my phone
I've got my glass of water and I'm
starting season four of Arrested
Development which I'm just obsessed with
the show I think it's absolutely
hilarious so that's me tonight sorted
the only thing it could have made my
little dinner better was a nice phone
call from my brother hey sex alert
Erik is sick from work he is coffin he
is sneezing he is sick he has got a
throat issue he's drinking tea it's not
there
good get well soon
I am going to wash my face now it's
about Ola clock says it's 10:00 p.m. but
it's not it's actually about 6:45 and my
makeups actually held up quite well I
feel like I'm having one of those makeup
days where my makeup gets nicer as the
day goes on yeah um maybe not maybe you
guys are like she looks like anyway
okay I'm going to wash my face and I
thought I'd show you guys what I'm going
to use to wash my face with okay scare
first up a little bit of the bosha
makeup breakup cleansing oil you simply
go like this
and rub it on your face there's the lady
yourself once you rub it in you can see
like it just completely dissolves your
makeup I love this cleansing oil and now
we just add a little bit of water to
your hands
and push it in again and then rinse it
off so I just rinsed it off but you can
still see there's like makeup all over
my face so I'm going to take a little
bit of the Garnier micellar water this
is the one for combination sensitive
skin I just like to shake it up and then
put it on a cotton pad these ones are
from Muji they're huge and amazing I
love them and then just let it soak in a
couple of seconds and should be pretty
much all off is it is it off I can't
tell I don't me it is it is is a big
difference Wow anyway today I'm just
gonna go all over my eyes and then fold
in half and do the rest of my face and
voila now I'm going to cleanse again
this is the Ren ever calm gentle
cleansing milk gonna add a few little
squirts like that and then I'm just
going to gently cleanse mommy's now I'm
going to add a little bit of this
extremely expensive skincare product
this is the la Mer the treatment lotion
and you can see it's like the
consistency of water it's essentially
just a toner but it is an amazing toner
you can see I've used about half the
bottle and I love it
oops this stuff just really locks in the
moisture and I find it really calming
and I just love it
and then for a night cream I'm going to
use my Lancome hydro Zen night cream
I've smashed the lid unfortunately but
I'll just show you what it looks like um
it looks like that you can see I've
pretty much used up all of it it's kind
of like a gel consistency but it's
really hydrating and nice that is what
my face looks like after it's been
nicely washed I feel a lot more relaxed
and lovely jubbly I am now just working
on my Christmas gift guide I have to
editing it look at that face that is a
face of somebody who loves Christmas
gift guides so I am just trying to edit
this quickly tonight so I can schedule
it for tomorrow but by the time you see
this vlog my Christmas gift guide will
already be up so if you haven't seen it
yet go check it out on my main channel
and what can I do about this light I
don't know um anyway I clearly I can't
I've clearly lost all my marbles so I'm
gonna wrap it up now I hope you guys
liked this episode of vlogmas and i'll
see you all very shortly in another vlog
good night the doorbell just rang and
aslan got the door and all I hear is
doughnuts Hey special delivery for you
okay darling lady what is it
Oh II L with two lifts that's cool huh
least we've got his snatch nah I'm
alright how is it it's not elephant ear
daughter
oh really who's this from Revlon Revlon
thank you Revlon what's in that bag did
owner dearest eh it's good to be nice
but also fun to be naughty at times have
a very Merry Christmas love your Secret
Santa brackets Revlon xx and what do we
have here but two tickets to undress a
brief history of underwear Kampf
I don't know what the comp means it's
free right or a complimentary maybe of
that don't know but yeah at the V&A
that's so cool let's see that I'm just
gonna if this is gonna be like an
extension of underwear
like FEMA underwear shopping for me and
it's good I feel like we're doing
comfortable like walking around just
like where was it I don't know
don't act like you don't like boobies
and booty well I don't like to be in a
shop where is just like bras and thongs
around like you know I'm sure the guy is
like what do I do here what do I even
look like I don't know nobody just down
at the floor see thongs again thongs
thongs this is really zoomed in on my
face anyway thank you very much Revlon
much appreciated you've made my evening
very sweet
