so in IKEA now a wonderful land of IKEA
checking out the new stuff and once
again I kid doing it right yeah
and these nice cushions very nice colors
which looks better on my couch in their
makeup that one damn you're good yeah
and then si él sería like these stools
they're kind of some very similar to
Altos tools is a new for 2014
called the Brack gig that's only 12
could and they do it in this kind of
green and a light blue and there's also
a pink color no very nice yeah say is in
love with this new bracket range yeah I
think it's gorgeous
as they loves getting toys her edgy
especially at IKEA yeah oh god don't
turn around but there's a rabbit oh look
at the 19 the big one should we get him
both I mean he's only go to hundreds was
already wet yeah I just like getting a
you loves them so much like like he's
like explored very sniff and then yeah
and you've seen Reggie like gather all
of his toys together and like fall
asleep about I live to that thank you
stay has sponsored this bedding this you
realize which is actually really really
nice yes alright here's just pointing
out the IKEA PS PS collection yes oh no
no no your balls are different from this
my balls yep your balls are different
okay well this whole range when I saw
this bedding I was like like I don't
normally get riled up about the
homewares that's alive but what I'm
saying is like exceptionally relevant
yes IKEA PS 2014 it's nice more nice
things again hi kids right on trend with
the geometric know the light bulb here
actually it's very interesting because
it comes flat-pack like this and then
you kind of making yourself and then you
can add just a pendant light part and
then they go hey Preston is like well
yeah it looks great and I mean it's so
cheap how much is it when six quid
that's nothing you know and I look back
on trend and it looks nice
they've got a yellow one over there
they've got a this red one over here and
I'm not kind of conical was there coral
coral for
and guys listening I'm just having a
fangirl moment because I tweeted IKEA
and they tweeted me back yeah and I say
also really likes this laptop stand
which is also nice I kind of like this
is also again it's Brockie
the lights are breaking this is breaking
an estate who likes this desk lamp
that's going to clamp on desk lamp it's
in pink on this again ok is bracket the
new bracket collection so yeah and
that's 15 quid aren't cheap yeah I get
you're doing it right and you have been
looking for a desk laughs I was like oh
she would get an actual angle boys but
spend that much money on it yeah so this
is perfect isn't it yeah and it moves
that's that's a pretty good criteria
yeah well maybe we'll do a whole well
yeah if you guys want to do a separate
hall sit down and actually doing it
that's right no more PS 2014 things nice
geometric black we brug firings of
neurons as they likes that 120 pounds
which is expensive but it is arrived I
mean rugs always expensive and something
for a rug which is pretty big but I mean
it's like a 1.2 by 1.8 Tunisia rogue so
live disaster blog now we took somebody
else's car by mistake I did I took
somebody else's car by mistake well he
just realized he could half the stuff is
ours with a half of it isn't and all
that no okay well let's go back and try
and find it
yeah well it's fun let's go back and
find alcohol wait going back oh I want
to get one of these stools - we're going
back to try to find our cart and we're
just like the time you put three trays I
stuff like where did this actually where
did this swamp actually occur because
it's got like so much of our stuff wait
because I remember like walking on like
sing some food in the car be like wait
we didn't get this either like something
like we saw something looks like a kid's
toy and we're just like oh my god I was
saying he's like oh let's go back and
find our cart I was like it's not gonna
be there and then like it's like
nobody's gonna be stupid enough to get
somebody else's card oh my god this is
so funny okay so now we're on the hunt
where could it be
we have ten minutes this is a typical
idea I don't think the light is in the
cart Azam's like must have happened in
lighting well here comes a song with the
car I feel so bad for the people
actually got their cart stolen cuz you
still like they're gonna be like
probably like the same feeling we hide
like oh damn oh my gosh well we'll just
leave it here in case let's just go pay
for this and then we're going home yeah
we're tired and we're buying way too
much as per always in IKEA I stays on
for the closet over break
meanwhile
give the cart and I got myself a little
uh a pair sparkling drink this isn't
cider anything by the way I'm not
drinking before I Drive this is kind of
a non-alcoholic sparkling cider drink
it's very nice thank you what a few bits
and pieces didn't actually plan to get
out many things only planet came here
for two little items which might have to
do with some sort of super secret
project that might happen in the future
when I say in the future now in the
long-term future not in their future but
the rest of the bits and pieces the
unplanned oh that's the way the world
works
we'd like them to the pair drink three
nice you see
it's a beer no no I don't like it it's
okay okay well fine let's get home yeah
see our regimen it's actually the next
day oh the next evening actually 24
hours pulling yeah yeah except there was
some sleeping in there we got home
pretty late last night and neither of us
had the strength to even function so so
we went straight to bed pretty much yeah
because they were worried tied the
traffic was rebounding like that yeah
yeah yeah yeah boring
yeah but yeah so we decided not to do
the big reveal to Reggie
yeah his his toy in his new bed because
you know we're gonna do one when we were
feeling fresh and he was feeling fresh
yeah we wanted to show you guys to see
if you like that I mean one thing right
your lady that I just discovered look if
I tap it bring it right in cementing
Munir if I tap right here I don't think
you're gonna hear what is the deal
Reggie you tails all of my love your
tail follow okay so here comes a sling
with the bed my son Reggie's sniffing it
here's some more Reggie's toys cuz he
doesn't have enough all see take that
sticker off oh just leave it then leave
it then because we might you might not
like it so let's see if Reggie goes on
this thing yeah he's like really weird
with heads unless you'd like show him
it's a bed he will definitely not get on
it
I'll go bite it now and sneeze on it
Ricky you sleep on it you sleep on it
you like your new toy your peek wink
wink wink
oink oink oink oink oink no he's got
that crazy look in his eyes there you
got it now he's so gentle with his toys
like he hasn't actually ripped a single
one of his toys like you know how some
dogs you get them like even like in
structural toys and things like you know
the tennis balls and they does just like
to rip them apart put Ricky he just
makes the vitamin yeah it's like a
moderate amount of force do you want to
get the rabbit and see if you like that
Reggie he does well we'll keep you
updated if he gets on the bed will vlog
it you know otherwise this could be a
return what you think they'll return it
after you sneezed on it
Reggie hates it with the passions did
you want a extra-large planet this is
excellent
okay well we're keeping it nice okay
Reggie you better get on that damn bed
he's half on it which is good yeah Oh
Fred she likes it look he looks like a
you know like you know like the 60s they
had those circular sex beds no it is
basically like if he meets any dogs in
the park but yeah you want to come home
I got a revolving bed Reggie you're my
new boston powers right now Reggie is
just loving life right now yeah this
little pig like right in between his
little paws and he was he's all tuckered
out now but I really am and didn't want
to get this bed oh I never said it was
attractive
okay tragic
he's all frisked out so I think we're
gonna end this vlog here this is like a
two days spanning vlog but we haven't
had dinner yet and it is now 8 o'clock
at night wow we're getting into this
habit of dinner at 8 o'clock this is
cray so we're gonna end this here make
ourselves something for dinner and we
will see you in the next vlog bye and
we'll keep you posted on Reggie's
progress Oh Reggie Oh Reggie
