hey everybody guess who's back back back
yeah we are back I this bag and his
friend
yeah well girlfriend it is almost 6
o'clock at night on a weekday but it's
so bright outside it doesn't really feel
like 6:00 at night is it it's summertime
baby
well ring get yes get was getting that
yeah Aslan's computers frozen and he's
losing it
no this cake there's anybody else who
has a MacBook Pro get that sometimes
your laptop will just randomly freeze
and I'm the only way to bring back this
is resent it like hard asset it happens
to me as well as having to be like
Thomas won twice two or three times a
week
mmhmm yeah it happens to me as well take
that into the Genius Bar before we leave
on our very exciting journey tonight I
just want to say that if you didn't
already know this I launched a redesign
of my blog and I'm so excited to finally
be able to talk about it and share the
final result because this is something
that I've been working on since before
Christmas and it's something that I've
been wanting to do for a really long
time and finally it's finished with the
help of my amazing website designer Kim
and the illustrator whose name is
Nicholas who I actually used to work
with so I'll link to both of those
people down below because without them
this could not have happened but
seriously they like made my website what
it is everybody's been saying such
amazing things about it and yes it's
really cool so I guess I'll just show
you you can obviously go look at this
for yourself just type it in SD button
calm but um yeah it's really cool
because it's got a new I've got a new
logo it's got all these illustrations
it's got this little slider part here
which I really love I just think that's
so cool
but you can go check that out on your
own accord if you're interested but I
just wanted to share my excitement
because I've been spending the entire
day like trying to make sure
everything's going okay because when you
launch a new site things can go wrong
and it like doesn't work on specific
browsers and you just have to be on top
form like the entire time but I think
it's worked out actually quite well okay
see how doing wrestle with you I've been
I've been not like super stressed but
yeah I just want to make sure it goes
smoothly can I just say I am very very
proud of as they for finding doing it
cuz this is being in the works for how
long like maybe a year or something yeah
like from from the actually getting the
idea to what you wanted to be like yeah
getting it
how about making it happy yeah the line
on the website yeah been a year so it's
a great time thanks yeah I'm really
excited because my blog has always kind
of been my baby that's the whole thing
that started off my youtube and stuff so
yeah I'm just really happy about that so
thanks to everybody who's saying such
amazing nice things about that now
anyway should we get into the actual
vlog yeah so we're gonna be a little bit
creighton it--and we're gonna hit up
supercilious
superstore is networking big stores here
baby how big are we talking to say no
Tesco Metro no no it's not we've got
number one the big I can't cry didn't
big I yeah this is that's a big ones big
plan you know that number two we've got
wing to the hip the biggest Chinese
supermarket and that's not just trying
to agencies market in South London so
that'll be oh we good I'm running low on
middles so again and then number three
well number three the big the ugly the
ridiculous Costco yeah and why are we
going to Costco because somebody just
purchased himself a Members Only I got a
customer ship and I'm so pleased list so
yes we're gonna Costco you know it's
great because we are very low on new
role so we're going to pick up server
mass masculine for all the people who
don't live in England Lou Royal is
toilet paper yeah or Aslan even some
paper calls it Bob roll Bob row um yeah
we're old are you boy toilet paper
Oh asswipe my mom mom you taught me well
yeah so we do you actually need to pick
up some asswipe and other things of that
nature so shall we get cracking
we should indeed we got a long drive we
do will not do one so like hours away
but you know traffic and whatnot we are
enter ocean I'd be a bit inside the
McDonald's office
let's go we didn't hit up McDonald
that's disgusting
what only because I didn't want to hit
up cross go hungry because you know what
happens when you good monk oh yeah
by waiting myself and as always we were
over so we're going into Costco now it's
a pretty massive one yeah ah just see
the sign maybe over there
yeah maybe over there but yeah so that
we're gonna go and we don't actually
have the actual card membership yet nope
cuz we just have like a paper so we're
gonna go in and see if we can actually
get the card I brother se you know yeah
so we're going in just waiting in line
now seven times as one just told me that
when you get a membership you get to
choose one of these free items and he's
like which one do you choose and you
know it is tough when you forget a
membership but the ideal home Joe
alright so the ideal hotel so yeah
remember there you go so I I personally
we should go with a rotisserie chicken
two kilos if you're just what you can
give me as an once the walkers variety
it's pretty full Christie's pretty good
bangles could be good but we don't
really have a big freezer oh yeah so
it's good it's a tough decision here
Wow Wow are you blinking yes yes I look
like I just took like every single drug
in the world
thank you bring a picture of me look at
this yeah as always you're like a
freaking bottle oh my god it's so funny
she's like oh like okay your picture I
didn't know I was gonna get a version of
it yeah this is the great thing about
registering at daniel hong show in a
they don't check whether you actually
own a company they just believe you feed
get a free gift and see you get a second
cuff appraisal yeah which I didn't know
she's like oh go like go get your
picture taken I was like wha yeah so
we're now shops I'm like this is the
first time I've ever been a Costco
member squeeze
we just found this a little booklet here
it's like filled with coupons of like
anything and everything
let's try to get look at this filled
with coupons I can't really show you
right now this is my hands doing a very
weird thing yeah that's exciting I don't
know where he is oh yeah he's right here
ninety-five
this is a freaking massive TV right oh
look at this is hilarious
it's that the Doge meme right here in
the in the photo processing it's Larry's
I didn't know about this meme until
quite recently the loser
s-stay is checking out the coupons
majorly oh no I like these yeah I
owe you and I guess this what else is in
here oh we don't have a cat
this looks pretty good it's not
interested in this
okay one good all kinda like it this is
kind of cool it's a cooling lounge for
your laptop so you just set your laptop
up like that and it helps keep your
computer cool I have one of these but
honestly this one is a lot nicer than
looks a lot more comfortable but you
know I don't need one but they're cool
big box of teddy bears there oh wow look
at this this is huge yeah haha
I think Costco is the closest to an
American shopping experience in game
yeah out of it like there's nothing else
that's exactly the same yeah get the bad
lady
look at this mail things like this I
want that like ten book ten books of
fools I saw stuff this is packaged yeah
like it's you this large house pretty
cool I'm good yeah but tape well it's a
tape oh my god thirty all occasions
you're covered for any occasion cards
well do you know what full SCAP is I
have no idea what have you ever heard
this word hello melis kappa referring to
a folder when I was in school I had like
a couple of old teachers like old like
70s you know I think that's all I guess
and this one teacher used to call this
one specific type of paper full scab
post and nobody knew what the hell he
was talking about the house my brother
and I always fight about it cuz it like
I'm just take out your full scab and
grab a little piece of foolscap right on
your full scab
what is pose camp it's just paper is it
type of paper I think it's like a long
and skinny type of paper long and skinny
legs not a regular piece of papers like
this just like junk paper why the hell
do they have on there this looks like a
normal a profile so long this is extra
long is it this is no way for know it's
a full scab one okay full scale yeah
whatever the helpful stuff is if you
know actually what full scrap is you
talking out
and that fuller didn't make any yet I
just walked past and Aslan was like just
looking at this thing and all so sudden
I just see more like this we're very
excited like yeah the endless possible
I'll actually I was picking out our I
look at the clearance between the floor
and the top lip here where the reiji's
kibbles could get underneath and
actually at sucked up the problem we
have our current kitchen who is that the
discipline the flow on the lip is too
too small so the the cables don't go
inside I think this is too small as well
yeah judging rumors yeah it's too small
big distance is useful we something's
prick test days mind quick my mom yeah
pricked your mind so he has pricked my
mind I really like these
yeah like would I have enough stuff boy
yeah but these are nice and they snap in
place and that's color as you can see oh
my god they're attached oh ok thief
thief oh it's glued on maybe yeah
probably just so people don't steal
their combat John but I do you like
those ya see smile I don't see why we
need more double wave it up so much how
much is it 1699 yeah pretty good value
for oh no no this is the thing it is
like America also in a bad way this big
price is on without detect with these so
this is 20 pounds
idiot which is not worthwhile because
you can get like that Snapple storage on
Amazon flight yeah
is it the 16 hour to Cydia but
I found this to be quite witty name to
call a cart Magna carte like the Magna
Carta
these these Driscoll strawberry those
have make it there so red and they're so
big they don't actually taste that great
I don't think anyway Oh watch out done
till I stay Krispy Kremes are here oh
and also these baked belt arts really
big ones I love mr. Kipling's babe well
I'm not sure about these but just to say
here contains flavoring and
preservatives so I don't pass given
pasta I mean I'm sure mr. camping has
that as well but I trust mr. Kipling he
only was in the good flavor and presents
us Oh
more more goodness goodness is it my
birthday no but I want a cake me yes
yeah why'd you white wire does need to
be bled this one cake I tell you I love
her
how do you do I like a quarter I don't
think you're buying a whole cake well I
think your birthday cakes here pretty
good
pretty big birthday cakes 13 pounds not
too bad
nice princess 1 congratulations for my
website
we should congratulations in tonight I
could I could eat that yeah yeah 12 next
9 foot how much case that's not bad is
it we're likely Friedman you seriously
considering this right now GRU honk oh I
hate this sort of can't get our tickets
are still I love it seriously
I won't buy it this is something I'm
like I might actually get it because
it's shake proof leak proof it'd be
great for smoothies and it's just
generally really cute like these colors
too you should be peeing freedom where
does it say it doesn't say it but no one
do they do because that's something I
really want to advertise I'll be patient
okay look it so can I get these are you
gonna are you interested in them too no
do you like these colors or I do listen
fun or do you prefer this
not over you can't okay well let's get
these and yeah we're getting cookies
well this is my this is my
well I'm interested in the chocolate
chip chocolate chip Oh raisin oatmeal I
don't know if they got an old Charlotte
oh yeah right there Oh trust me I've
already looked who knew you could buy
beer at Costco it's kind of cool yeah I
guess in England but are you stocking up
on beard yeah like you look at my
favorite corona you like that I do like
the other girls nice I just came across
these pet beds and they're massive I'm
sure Reggie would just love these the
only thing is is that they have these
little cushions here and I don't think
he'd actually like that because he can't
really sprawl out like he likes to but
they're pretty cute I especially like
this one you see if Azam's gonna go for
it
the carts gone yeah we're good at the
condo I gave it to you I'm actually
really keen on getting one of these beds
for Reggie I just want to see what Aslan
says he's coming now let's see what he
says
what do you think of these beds for
Reggie I know you're gonna say no but
this look a little closer look at this
one this is nice it's round tall is this
nice and look at this one no look at
this
he likes the lane flower yeah but this
could be his pillow trust me you'd like
it
anything you like yeah they do have a
pretty good resemble it's larger okay
let's put it on the ground and see what
it's like
but you don't like this round one at all
I think he would love this round one
oh that's cute no you don't even want to
entertain the thought okay you heard it
from the man himself sorry I just showed
as on the picture of the dog on it and
commitment as you know I was like other
thing so had a change of heart
hi publics so happy I'm still I'm still
pretty sure that this isn't going to
look a look right feet and I think
you'll like it that much
yeah and I think the Serrano you can
only try you need some of this now to
that oh my god they're gonna think I was
like strangling you to make you get that
that's always when you really wants to
address you know just I don't like
really want it but we need a new bed
anyway you really want it broken you're
really good I like this brown we found a
section that had frozen berries and
stuff for our smoothies but I cannot
find frozen peaches anywhere
I don't think they exist like you can't
buy frozen peaches here so if anyone who
lives in the UK knows where to get
frozen peaches please I'm actually thank
you but they felt like raspberries and
everything so it's kind of cool so find
it funds of maple syrup and this is 10
pounds when about 50 for a whole liter
yeah a little better than that was a six
or seven ounce with like the Fondren a
small one in the grocery store the other
day but that one has maple syrup on it
so let's get a fresh one that is yeah I
think so and look at this a huge thing
of raspberry jam I stays always obsessed
with game fresh ones a cage is like
they're getting a lot of punch like
these go right in the back make sure
this lesson right yeah because I don't
know if you've ever worked in like a
store but they always push the old ones
to the front and the new ones the back
yeah yeah so that's why I do it but I
mean it's not like this that's all he's
gonna go off no it's not but you know
I've always wanted to learn how did you
origami this is like a little kit that
shows you how to do it I really like it
look at the penguin in the fall that's
so cute lots of books here to choose
from as ones just off to find some
toilet paper so I'm browsing l solo
you're dangerous dangerous the goose is
so dangerous that goose isn't bad it's
kind of cushion waist yeah that looks
good that looks good guys this is the
toilet paper we're gonna be using in
case you're a creeper what do you think
of this book I quit sugar I have seen
his book I've seen it online
bestseller nervously yeah I've seen lots
of good reviews on that so I might get
it I'm not gonna question it never gonna
quit sugar probably never gonna quit it
all right shall we pay for this and head
to Ikea do that
