hey guys it is me again and Reggie but
he's back here just edging around I'm
actually very very excited right now
because I'm going to meet up with
another youtuber who you've probably
heard of before her name is Arden and
her YouTube channel has a rose 186 I've
loved Arden's videos for so long like
seriously I never thought in a million
years I'd get to meet her but yeah she's
in London and she sent me a text last
night she's there I'm in London I was
like when and where do we meet up and we
now we're doing it right now so
Reggie's like don't leave me don't leave
me so I'm gonna go meet up with her and
I think we're gonna do some shopping and
we may or may not be coming back here to
film a couple of whole videos together
7 times 7 times so I actually have to go
I'm gonna get my coat on but she just
sent me a message she's like okay I'm
gonna be there in half an hour I was
like I am in the middle of eating a ham
sandwich and drinking a nice hot cup of
tea so you know okay so I'm leaving now
bye super-duper-duper quick outfit of
the day because I actually was in
pajamas up until about 10 minutes ago so
I'm wearing my standard Navy coat from
cause which is just like the only coat I
pretty much wear this necklace is from
Zara I'm just wearing a black shirt also
from Zara these jeans are my top shop
Jamie jeans standard jeans there and
boots are my Brown Topshop ones I suck
at old TVs and oh my bag is my mulberry
Alexa which I've mentioned in a couple
videos before so now I'm really going
and I will see you probably with Arden
guys I found her I found little are they
we were just talking about how like
we're quite similar people and it's like
almost like looking in a personality
mirror it's actually what you say are
you sisters I'm like well it's kind of
weird for you might be from Canada yeah
different parents we have we're sisters
shopping we're in the heart of Oxford
Street right now I'm just trying to get
our right in the depths of the people's
you know yeah so I know Arden was 18
years old
I feel like an old lady I'm 23 but I
think a 30 year old I'm actually a nine
year old okay so we're gonna go shopping
you so we are now across the street from
the big boots have you heard much about
boots before okay you know we have a
small line in some American stores like
Target but I've never seen anything on
this scale okay this is like the mother
ship the mother lode yes so we're gonna
cross the street look at this way and
we're going in now
it does happen so here we are at the
nail polish stand I think Arden's
checking out some Barry M yep and I'm
checking out the se and I do have one in
there but you're gonna have to watch the
hall I don't know what this little
pamphlet is it came in the basket so
yeah gonna keep on shopping oh you know
what what's open glory do you have this
in America oh my god
we have maybe three things okay we're
gonna do a little soap and glory action
that we're going hard just onions so
Arden and I are still shopping every ran
into Rachel and I'm who yes so she's
long as well oh we're just shopping yeah
and yes she's like oh I recognize your
voice cuz I was rambling on and on yeah
I just it's just saying it's so weird
when you run into youtubers since you're
like I know you but I don't really like
feel like well I just took a little peek
into her basket and I did notice in
bourgeois item somewhere okay so what's
your blog name it's good class all right
and I will link it down below
walking is so fun everybody should start
a blog so anyway we're gonna continue
shopping so we're done with the beauty
shopping now and it's time to hit up the
big P is this your first time in the big
do you guys know oh do you guys know
what the big P is the big Primark oh so
we are heading in these guys like really
want to be on camera okay so we're gonna
head in there
get some clothes on let's do it Arden is
looking for a denim dress she tells me
that there's somewhat in style at the
moment that actually is very cute right
yeah exactly yeah so we're just still
browsing on for some reason I'm taking a
liking to this talk which you know you
know so I'm still trying to find
something I don't have a single thing my
basket but we did get some things in the
Primark which we will be filming a haul
Arden is here with some water right
there and as one's back there what are
you doing making dinner you're going for
the gnocchi again I don't know how do
you say okay parent my idea so anyway
we're just gonna get we're just gonna
take a little break and then I think
we're gonna film our videos we're just
setting up ready to film as he's
actually helping us the man himself yeah
you do have always helped me um so yeah
we're just gonna get filming our videos
and that's really all I have to report
Arden is fixing our makeup
there she is so we were gonna get
cracking Arden and I just finished
filming our videos I think they went
well I think they went really well yeah
really funny I was just like looking in
the viewfinder that I was like dang my
face is shiny and she's like no it's not
I was like yeah it is and don't worry I
got this yeah she's got this like the
Instagram filter thing yeah I saved my
beard video oh right so there you go
it's it's actually pretty cool she was
like anyway I won't get into it I think
I'm gonna go make myself a cup of tea I
don't know if our nest time for tea I
guess we're gonna go just chill out for
a bit
so Arden just left I kind of forgot but
we were just like kind of got sucked
into the world of Chad
and we had some tea I gave her my
favorite licorice and peppermint tea I
don't know if she loved it but she said
she didn't hate it so that's a thing
right there but she said she liked it
but you know you know it's like not a
tea for everybody I don't want her to
think I was trying to like Peter
peppermint poison oh yeah but she's gone
now and now Alan is actually back when
he's cooking dinner it's like kind of
late it's 8 o'clock so it's a 7 o'clock
there but there's a time difference so
it's 8 o'clock Arden and I honestly had
such a fun time and she's so cool she's
exactly like she is in her videos so
that's always nice and that happens it's
really good to be here so aren't if
you're watching this good to meet you
girl and you're cooking something with
beets ok let's see what you're making oh
it's pretty much gonna be the same thing
you mean yaki all this time beets with
pomegranate oh cool oh you guys know how
I feel about pomegranate huh oh yeah
broccoli in there and he's got this like
purple broccoli that's so cool
Reggie's like Reggie's doing good too
he's just like scavenging for food like
guys me he's so good so I don't really
have too much to say I know this love
was maybe a little bit short but I did
want to have some behind-the-scenes
action with Arden and yeah I think right
now I'm gonna go put my pajamas on wash
my face and get comfortable and try to
relax
do you have anything you want to report
to the walk um no yeah I don't seem
really nice a forty hours outside can
spend as much time as I stayed with her
but yeah yeah so that is a saying
goodbye so we will see you in the next
CSI hit your arm there is fun so we will
see you in the next vlog yeah I plan to
wrap it up and I get your arm lame
