hello everybody on this beautiful
Saturday morning with a public here of
some background noise because I'm making
a cup of tea to go in my to go mug
here's Mike Smith I can't speak so I
just woke up here's Mike to go mug this
is from David's tea in Canada and I
really love this mug it's really cute
anyway we're taking Richard to the park
normally we walk him before we take it
to the park but doesn't doesn't really
make sense does it so we're just gonna
go to the park right now I'm gonna bring
my tea with me we kind of slept in this
morning
it's nine o'clock I was actually
supposed to set my alarm for 7:30
because I have a lot of shoes I want to
be doing today including cleaning but I
just didn't set my alarm so I said what
was I expecting I've done another
masterpiece right here
can you guess who is who this is our
little family I think is spot on so
here's aslha and of course this is
Reggie any saying I got posted on now
there is a story behind that basically
Reggie is always sitting by the front
door and the mail slot is right here so
sometimes the mailman just puts the mail
through the slot and it lands on Reggie
and he freaks out and he starts running
around so we just say that he got posted
on and this is me and I said oh that
doesn't really look like me does it he's
like actually I think it really does I
was like I hate you
yeah but I drew it so I guess I had full
control
so yeah that's our little family what do
you guys think oh my god
Reggie's like I am NOT interested we're
back in the park now I've got my tea I
think this was a wise choice because I
haven't had breakfast yet
and because you couldn't tell I am
hiding my face with sunglasses because I
haven't showered and I'm genuinely
feeling quite nasty but
Reggie's happy he's excited to be in the
park there's another little dog here who
he knows
so I made a little friend I don't know
who the owner is but look at this cute
dog okay well it's completely gone now
is it good morning yeah I think it's
shedding season what do you think yeah
you definitely saying I remember when we
first got him was that in October yes
that's when he was shedding a lot then
and I was like oh god what am I in for
but then he stopped shedding and he
hasn't shed since and now it's almost
April and he's shedding again he gained
his summer coat skating his school
summer coat on yeah that's right yeah
the fences trees but just like wire
fences not like straight head-on but a
few kind of sideways yeah he got he got
a little bit frisky and then this dog
his name is Finn
um I don't think it's been something
else yeah well we forgot his name but
he's always here but yeah I Reggie just
got a little bit frisky and started
running around and both sides of his
legs kind of hit the but he was already
not bleeding or anything it's like the
one time he gets excited yeah and he's
gonna run into a fence but he's playing
and stuff now but yeah it was a little
scared moment a little dog I don't know
if you'll be able to see this but Reggie
seriously looks like a giant over there
here's like all the people with their
dogs and Reggie
is just massive oh my gosh everybody
really likes Reggie at this park though
oh my gosh that is so funny there was
another dog brawl in the park I'm anyone
not a major one just a small I think
it's like when lots of dogs get together
they get frisky and then they start and
especially when lots of like small
medium sized dogs get together yeah they
start to like run around each other and
stuff and everything
yeah mentality there was minor incident
and Reggie loves documents Freddie lives
to them you know dissipate but as soon
as one breaks up he runs over and who's
just watched from the sidelines it was
tail wagging like crazy
he's like literally like a few feet from
will fight just like wagging his tail
I don't know anything he's thinking
fight fight fight or is he just like oh
what's this hey guys so we're taking
them for actual walk walk now let's stop
off at the market are you saying that
you want to block it not a buck it's too
early in the morning for a bucket you've
had pockets earlier than this but maybe
something well sure we'll find something
back at the market now as I'm looking at
some greenery and I think he's probably
gonna crack and get a bucket he says
he's not I know he is Reggie's like are
you interested in something Appleman
that's cool Wow
I'm just sitting down here with Reggie
well he's not sitting at the moment he's
a little bit spooked I think so I just
took him off to the side he's not used
to being around so many people right
Reggie but he's okay as I was just
getting some more bread and he also
purchased some fudge he just said to me
oh I might get a small bucket I was
right he is gonna go for the bucket so
I'm hoping Reggie just relaxes a little
bit lays down realizes everything is
gonna be okay but that's the life of
rescue grab they are a little bit scared
of stuff Reggie's finally kind of
sitting down I don't want to zoom in on
his crotch but oh yeah there he goes
he's laying down now that's a good boy
Oh Richie Reggie sees a squirrel over
there but he's not gonna be able to get
it as letters over there just chillin
with the bakit boys and I think guys
would feel pretty cool probably right
now you see them over there they're
laughing they're talking about buckets
Aslan's like telling them he's their
number one fan giving them the thumbs up
oh my god men live for this stuff
seriously I bet Aslan is gonna be
talking about this for days to come he's
probably know he's going back for more
going back oh my god maybe he's gonna be
on camera there's like a camera guy
talking about pockets I wish these two
would move oh my god as I was getting
like properly miked up over there he
just looked at me and I gave him the
thumbs-up and he gave it back so I guess
I guess his YouTube training has really
helped out because he's now like like I
said he's getting fully miked up oh my
god like he's going over there right in
front of the pocket stall damn these
people why don't you move I'm trying to
get my man's okay there there he goes I
don't know why I'm getting so giddy
let's just calm down
that's just comfortable I don't know if
I have like superhuman hearing but I
just heard him say that he always gets
number two spicy it's not that spicy as
he can handle
he's saying he always comes on Saturdays
oh my gosh this is kind of cool isn't it
he's eating his pocket has he talks okay
Wow
it's coming back now he's coming back
what happened oh they're like doing a
show about pretend to be this marquee oh
those guides yeah this new channel
called London Life I don't know if
you've heard about this there's gonna be
like a channel wait you're saying is it
as if you've heard of this huh
you've heard of this before well he's
been advertised like the metrans okay
okay I thought they just told you you
were like I don't know if you've heard
of this before but but you have a
channel like based on London's stuff
like a YouTube channel
no no channel on TV Oh on sky on oh cool
so they're doing like I'm trying to do a
pilot for this for a show about this
this market or the market and I think
those guys specifically I think like
just following how their journey like
businesses oh that would be really cool
I was just sitting here as I was
thinking like are these guys gonna open
up a sweet place in Soho or something
like this could do really well for them
no I think so yeah I think it just takes
so much money yeah it does I say this if
it's like so easy to open up a store in
Soho
so how's the pocket can I invite it's
only number two on the scale
it's good so you were like were you like
nervous
the interview where they like wow you're
really like a shout out now I'm cleaning
wow that's so cool when I saw you
getting miked up I was like oh this is
for real now and now you're like best
friends with the bucket guys oh yeah
well tell me about the food and notes
actually cuz this one Guadalupe it was
kind of like a mixture of French and
Caribbean yeah my band the origins of
Chewbacca actually Danish really I named
use this idea of frying bread frying
dough yeah whether the French colonized
that the Danish it it's just like
there's a lot of French culture but the
food is oh that is so cool
seriously guys if you are ever in the
kennington area come to Kennington
market it's this thing special Thomas
Wolfe Armas man it's called the oval
farmer's market and there's a bear here
every Saturday and get yourself a bucket
they are freaking delectable even I like
them I don't usually like new foods like
I'm a little bit picky if there's any
it's Judy's life fans out there you
always know like everybody always like
kind of laughs about Benji saying oh is
it organic I feel like your thing is
always a Danish beautiful
is it Danish is this Scandinavian what
are you eating
oh this is really like it this is I
can't remember what it's called but from
one of the bread stands there it is a
croissant and doughnut dough mixture
that they have a bacon and they covering
sugar and cinnamon doughnuts
oh my gosh okay let me try that yeah but
is it good where's function with you
guys we do look at Reggie's shadow
that's so funny
Mabel twisting yeah quite cinnamon a
weird texture tastes good though these
are some of my favorite flowers ever I
don't know if they're called bluebells
or do you know what they're called I
always thought they were called
bluebells but I'm not exactly sure
they're I'm not exactly sure but I know
my grandma calls them bluebells but I
don't think these are actually bluebells
so if you know the name of them let me
know because I love them whenever I see
them I just love them I have just had a
shower and done some with my makeup but
I am going to be doing a winged liner
tutorial today so yeah I am losing my
mind because I haven't even eaten
breakfast yet I had a bite of a pocket
and the tea and it's 12:30 so I'm
ravenous you guys know how I get when
I'm hungry
so yeah I'm gonna make myself some lunch
ham sandwich oh yeah on the new bread so
I just finished doing my winged liner
and tutorial that should be up on
Wednesday or Thursday in theory but I
don't know for sure so yeah now Aslan is
getting his hair cut finally he said
he's he's taking the plunge and getting
his hair did but he you know he didn't
really want to go who does want to get
their hair cut so I'm going to take it
to the point where I'm like I have to
get my hair cut now and if I don't I
feel like I could die but obviously you
know that's a little bit dramatic isn't
it
Reggie's just here come on Reggie come
on he's not interested here's the
grass on this little guy he's not
growing any hair yet so I don't know I'm
gonna keep my eye on him
are you growing hair yet Reggie are you
growing here no you already got hair
guess who's back back back back again
what did you just get done Hey oh I
think it's nice I think it's really nice
well this because he blow-dried I hate
both my head blow-dried so it's a little
bit like straight you know oh I really
uh hello Oh
Reggie's like sexy when seriously it's
really nice because it's still like
really long on the tops will you do mom
this
I didn't demand what you asked for yeah
I really liked when I suppose there's a
little bit longer yeah so that's cool
Wow what do you think of my winged liner
oh that's good
is it is it okay it was actually hard to
do it on camera chuckle but not to yeah
yeah
Reggie you want me to do your winged
liner so we've been madly cleaning yeah
and why have we been cleaning I don't
think we said this but we're going to be
having a couple of our friends Jane the
night and we're all going out to the
club to celebrate our other friends
birthday this is crazy times so not not
doing was this probably misses no Mia's
whatever so we're actually just going to
the first part of the birthday party
which is at the pub it's a bomb it's a
bar as a Cuban bar and summer which I
don't even know what the dress attire is
for a queueing bar but it's monetize it
I'm probably gonna wear this that's good
but yeah so we're just we probably won't
be late home too late anyway
why me speak for yourself I've also been
editing my March Beauty favorites video
which will already be out by the time
you see this vlog so that's what I could
do so efficient so it's so efficient
it's true Reggie's been eaten so
efficiently he doesn't
no he doesn't he eats and then he brings
all the crumbs all over the floor yeah
yeah Mia stay just chilling out waiting
for friends to come along
no still edit well I've already edited
but I'm uploading and scheduling my
March favorites oh wow yeah
and I just flicking to Elle Decoration
as you do I spotted this thing's the
main design series the Excel London and
it looks quite good right me like a
little like furniture design like many
focus on new stuff we're taking little
Reggie out for a walk we're almost
actually done the walk but I kind of
forgot we were walking today season
drying himself just seeing the world
it's a beautiful day so it is much later
now I completely forgot to vlog I did
curl my hair because we're going out now
okay can I just add that they took ages
getting ready yeah and if you're
wondering new day is it's because we've
got some friends over here in this
general area but you didn't know that
yeah so safe Michelle oh yeah and ready
go yes they're just chilling there
anyway it wasn't they those game yeah it
goes oh yeah so I think we're going now
we're gonna actually gonna go for dinner
first because we're all starving today
and I think we're gonna hit up the Alana
law classic Lebanese yeah cuz I love
that the club wah-wah night on to the
Cuban bar given by yeah we're in the
heat of it all now and we wanted to go
to you Allah Allah as we mentioned but
there was a one hour waiting because we
have no luck with restaurants ever and
we're all starving it's like 7:30 at
night we're all like having that dinner
yet it's okay we'll just go to our old
pawn for haka yeah I mean it will do
girls we're also good honest that'll be
the same thing I think we wait yet so
we're gonna check out Oaxaca finally try
to get some food
we are now at the restaurants and we are
going to be eating restaurant of choice
yellow yellow that's always seriously
guys how many times have we been here a
lot and it's really funny because the
morning so fine all the restaurants are
server like crazy busy yeah and our way
leads to no one and this one is just
north watch the stream which is bitch
you like doing yeah 50 meters one hand
it's no way it's like we came in this
table 20 straight yeah oh okay so I'm
getting the patootie and then everybody
else is getting a bunch of starters and
I'm gonna get some sort of a chicken
which is no crab or something
I am in a casino right now I have no
idea why we're going to another club
things are getting crazy I'm sober than
a snake I think that I don't drink so
it's you know you can imagine how much
fun I'm
can you believe it's 2:30 2:30 in the
morning
yeah the clocks come forward whatever it
doesn't matter okay the clocks I've gone
forward so technically it's 1:30 but
technically it is 2:30 in the morning
hey and that's like crazy like we like
never go out this late it's pretty crazy
and it's not that crazy I mean we are
young 20 year olds we should be doing
this every weekend partay but I kind of
forgot to end the vlog because we were
just hanging out with our friends in the
kitchen we were just chatting and
drinking tea and talking about the time
I was attacked by a swan and talking
about the time Ashlyn was attacked by
bees and many other things I know you
guys probably think I'm sounding a
little bit crunk right now but I am NOT
drunk I didn't have us I did have a
drink of coke diet coke but how that was
it and I managed to have a really fun
time honestly like I never really like
going to clubs and stuff because I'm
like this not me I feel like kind of
awkward I can never loosen up but we
went to this one club it was like
rockabilly nineteen fifties kind of vibe
to it and honestly Ashlyn and I went on
the dance floor and we freaking killed
it
don't think goose seriously we did like
some crazy moves and I think people were
impressed actually like people are
taking photos and watching us and stuff
cuz we did really just let loose and it
was really fun we were laughing our
heads off and I think that's like you
know you don't have to be wasted to have
a good time is my point
so that was like really funny and we had
a good time I'm glad I went out I guess
it'll end the vlog here
and I'll see you later I'll catch you on
the flipside I'm really sleepy I know
tomorrow morning we're gonna have to get
up early and walk Reggie one of us is
either gonna be me or Iceland I don't
know who's gonna be I guess whoever
wakes up first and yeah that is the one
thing about having a dog you can't just
sleep into like noon the next day you
got to get up and you know otherwise
she's gonna poop indoors and when he
poops indoors I don't like that who
would okay I'm gonna end this now I'm
very sleepy and that's my hand that's
not Aslan's head like creeping in with
no face it's just it's my hand okay okay
okay I'm not myself because I'm very
sleepy so I'm going to see you later in
the next vlog bye good night bye
