hello little Reggie man you panting for
normal that's already fans like hell it
is a Tuesday two day and one day Monday
evening and me and you we are going to
make a little cooking video together
right another cooking video in a while
and today know that this isn't that
recipe book this is my own creation
right here right now could be good it
could be completely terrible which we'll
find out we shall see
writing what are you doing what are you
up to buddy
yoky and we're gonna make it with beach
spinach shell awesome garlic and a
little bit of bacon because we're bad
that way just a little bit of baby you
know just make it good but yeah we're
going to make some delicious and
rockiness first thing first peel those
beets here's one I made earlier we're
going to just cut off the top bottom and
use a peeler peel the beet I'm using
about three beads to 500 grams in your
key so I don't know if that's right I'm
just guessing this so here the peeled
beets the little snowman what's cute
isn't it now we're to cook them so get
some water on the boil
make sure it's boiling I mean raw beets
are okay but I think for this is to be
done as quickly and you want to do this
first thing because I'll take about 20
minutes or so to cook through broccoli
maybe partner so next step I'm gonna
chop off these well in my case these are
sure lots but you can use onions doesn't
really matter chop up your onion schlotz
a couple of cloves of garlic and I'm
going to use maybe a probably about five
Pike strips of bacon just chop them all
up and put them in a bowl okay my beets
are now in the pan in the pot even I'm
gonna set them for about 20 minutes I
think yeah meanwhile I'm still chopping
these away to control the bacon and I'll
be done when you put the beads on it's
probably a good idea to put on another
pan with some hot water and get it up to
boiling point because we'll need that to
cook the gnocchi okay so this has been
boiling away
the larger pot on the boil I also got
two frying pans so we'll need those one
for the bacon garlic and onion mixture
just lovely mean split put some olive
oil in that and let's turn up to a
medium heat let the oil heat up we also
got a large frying pan because we'll
need that to wilt our spinach in so you
know let's get on with putting this know
I stays watching some catfish favorite
show
we were we were going to be on catfish
well we good okay yeah anyway got this
on a medium heat we want to just let
these will caramelize you know get them
golden delicious meanwhile everything's
you know under control we're just
waiting for these to be done this
gnocchi here that I got got to mention
is this gnocchi is actually fresh
gnocchi so this only takes two minutes
to cook so I'm going to do this right at
the end because I want this to be piping
hot and fresh whilst these two things
are going on with a concentrate on our
spinach you want to get just a big
frying pan get some spinach put the heat
on the flying pie put a medium heat put
the spinach in and added just a little
bit of water I would say maybe just like
a fifth of a cup of water okay so that's
what I've done and after a while you'll
notice this finish needs to start wilt
so just keep them turning it
you know make sure it all kind of
becomes wilted and as compact as
possible there you go it's working
already and you'll be surprised you were
started with a lot of spinach and then
like what it wilts becomes really
compact blinking almost like a fifth of
its size it's a quarter of a side you
don't forget about your bacon and onion
mixture keep that mixed up keep that
going oh we got four things on a hob
right now crazy crazy and by the way
this should never get to drive the
spinach will be releasing water
naturally but he is too high in my
overheat and dryer if that happens just
add a little bit of water you don't want
to necessarily burn them you're just
trying to kind of steam them in their
own little bodies
that sounds kind of gross but you know
okay so I think that's pretty much done
it's not gonna work down anymore so they
want to just collect all that and put it
in a very fine sieve because want to get
all the extra water out of there so here
I am with the fine sieve Thank You se
button for helping and we want to just
kind of compress it and get all that
extra moisture out because we don't want
that why it's already gonna have lots of
moisture from all the onions and stuff I
shouldn't squeeze out all that you're
really exerting yourself by hearing your
voice oh yeah there we go
it's done and dusted flatten spinach
ball yeah so here's our spinach get on
the talking bottom and just chop it up a
little bit because you don't want it to
be too string when we put it in so just
chop it up just roughly not too much
just two little squares there there
you're perfect so that's ready let's put
that aside by this time your beets are
probably ready like mine so I'm going to
just drain them take them out and want
to make these into little cubes here are
my boots all cubed up nicely and don't
forget to keep on turning this one I
have a little bit maybe to burn but it's
fine it's fine it'll do I'll do now all
the others are ready everything we need
now is yaki so put your gnocchi and then
cook it might only takes two minutes oh
dear okay my new yorky is done so let's
just drain this
very nice so I'm going to steam on the
camera there all right so I'll just
drain this properly taken is fully
drained and then put it in a big bowl so
Hayes on your key let's add the spinach
let's add the beets and then last but
not least let's add all the bacon onion
this into there as well come on come on
yeah there you go now what do they just
give this all the gentle um so Aslan is
just plating it up now I'm gonna be
Gordon Ramsay bloody is happening in
this kitchen
sorry chef others very messy chef what
is this bloody mess in the kitchen like
this no worry chef my girl was gonna
take care of her ladyship you must have
a pretty bloody amazing girlfriend oh
she's all right you know I'm going
German that axe I was going German you
must have a very good government
that looks amazing I've never seen
anything quite like this in my life um
what we want to do is uh have you tasted
it you know what they say on the taste
they say the most important thing when
you're a chef is to taste as you cook
it's true I have been tasting is that
good all right all right you like it's a
meat something a little bit lighten
there but like like what jeez hmm like
cheese no she's not like maybe I should
have like grates just a little bit of
lemon zest on top so I do that no I'm
sure it's good let's do this let's do a
little of this do a little of that okay
that's a lot okay not so much on mine
okay that's it so teeny tiny bit one yes
oh by the way guys we went to the
grocery store tonight look at this isn't
this cute these little they're called
sweet eat sweet knees no no yeah oh I
thought it was like sweet in times but
you know I'm completely wrong but anyway
says I was a cute packaging shall we eat
yes
let's so I have my first bite it's
actually pretty good I like the
combination of the gnocchi and the
because the beefs a little bit crunchy
and sweet and yaki just kind of like
yucky you know kind of like Cabo cobby
mmm
Europeans it's pretty good I've never
had this know I'm knocking it's cuz it's
like potato but it's not yeah so you're
like what is in my mouth yeah it's like
a weird texture but it tastes good but
it's a weird texture because it's like
half past a hot potato
I think need to melt something that
moses st and then maybe maybe i should
have added a little bit of vinegar to
this spinach or something
plus it waited - yeah but it's pretty
good yeah um for something just mattli I
just made up anything yeah I mean that's
like a frickin chefs dream right there
chefs dream I don't think so but anyway
I'll recommend if you want to try you
know it's got a good sweetness to the B
this is an impressive dish as well
because if you make this people are
gonna go I will darling
mm-hmm what the problem is stuff going
on in there maybe too much stuff going
on no miss something for you look at it
you're like what is this I can probably
take out the bacon actually no no no no
no you are gonna but if you do want to
make this veg just take out the bacon
really good breakfast I didn't I didn't
saw anything cuz the bacon smells quite
salty oneself but yeah make your veg
make it easy that's some cool yep that's
it so just one one's gonna cook a cook
with a sign I'll see you guys later bye
yeah bye
marker
