hello I am going to be vlogging today
which you've probably already realized
I'm just here with my main man reg he's
just chilling out what's he doing you're
trying to get some toast are you trying
to get some toast
no I just finished getting ready and
this you can actually see I just
finished getting ready I did a kind of
messy curly hair thing but less curling
more leaving straight and scrunching
around because I just didn't really have
too much time so I'm also wearing this
big sweater today because it's really
cold out it's not freezing but I mean I
got a glimpse of it this morning and I
was like whoo so I'm not really doing
anything super fascinating today but I
thought I would take you along for the
wild ride that is my life and right now
I am more concerned about getting
breakfast I have this mango that is
quite squishy and doesn't even know we
might even have gone bad which is such a
shame I don't know why I do this but I'm
going to cut it open see if I can have
it for breakfast because looks good and
I've been dreaming that eating this
mango I don't know why I didn't do it
sooner if that fails I'll probably have
the strawberries that are in the fridge
and I will report back later hurrah
the mango was fine so I'm gonna eat my
mango I'm gonna
well right now I'm typing up this blog
post about this book so this is kind of
actress puts in the blog went on this
book is called made by hand and it's
actually really cool it's about
different like DIY projects and stuff
and I won't really go into it because I
have a whole post on it but I'll link
that down below if you're interested in
it cool little DIY book so I'm gonna
just make sure everything is cool here
and publish that shiz and just finish
the mango and I'm just sitting here I've
got to leave in like 10 minutes but now
my lips are tingling and the back of my
throat is tingling as well I don't think
I've actually allergic but a lot of
fruit does this to me like what I'm
trying to what else does it's me
watermelon does this to me mango and if
I have a fuzzy peach the fuzzy skin on
the peach will give it to me is this is
this normal I want to know about this
because I can eat it
fine I don't have any other reaction
this will go away in like 10 or 15
minutes but it is almost like my lips
are itchy and the back of my throat is
itchy what is this do you know what this
is because I am NOT gonna stop eating
mangos and watermelon because I just
well for obvious reasons they're amazing
just thought I'd do a quick little OOTD
like I'm kind of like in the mirror so
you can actually see this sweater I've
worn it before in a vlog before but it's
like the speckly one from monkey it's
kind of long it's like almost like a
shirt like a dress I mean it's really
long but I've kind of tucked it into my
jeans here my jeans are the Topshop
Jamie jeans which I'm just gonna give
you a nice little ass shot there whew
okay that's too far and my boots are
also from Topshop I don't know if you
can see this here and we got Reggie he's
also part of my outfit aren't you man
she is so cute you're my best accessory
he knows I'm leaving oh he's so cute I
love you Reggie
okay so it has been a while since I last
vlog but that's because I've been kind
of like like going all over the place
but the first appointment I had was
actually at the doctor's office this
morning and it's kind of a weird gross
sick disgusting story but I'm gonna tell
anyway I hope it's not too sunny but I'm
just basking the Sun and it feels
amazing so basically I don't know if you
remember but a couple of months ago I
dropped a glass on the kitchen floor and
the glass shards landed in my feet okay
and I still have a piece of glass stuck
in the top of my big toe and Aslan was
actually like okay you're going to need
to get that checked out and you're going
to need to get that checked out like
right now so I finally made an
appointment and I went and we got people
staring at me from all angles right now
finally made an appointment and I went
and the doctor basically said that I
need to book an appointment at an urgent
care clinic get an x-ray and they might
need to cut into my toe and get the
glass out which is so gross I can't even
think about it and then anyway then I
went to the pharmacy afterwards that I
actually ran into an amazing
yueer named Talia and she didn't want to
be in the blog but we did take a picture
and I put it up on Instagram and she was
actually saying that she saw me in the
doctor's office but didn't want to say
hi and I was like you gotta just say hi
so anyway we were chatting for quite a
while because she was in there as well
and yeah so shout out to you thanks for
saying hi it was really nice to meet you
and now I'm waiting for a cab because I
have another meeting which is like kind
of like far away but not really too far
but I'll never make it if I take the
tube and then the overground I'll just
never make it in time so I'm waiting for
a cab I've done the halo thing for the
first time I've never done halo and now
I'm waiting for him now so hopefully the
cab comes soon I have made it to my
destination although it is slightly
windy and slightly cold I'm in the
Imperial Wharf and that's an area that I
I don't even know if I've ever been here
before yeah I thought I was gonna be
late and I thought I was gonna be early
and I'm actually about half an hour
early if I would have taken the
underground and the overground
I definitely would have been late so
anyway I just took a little walk down
there and there's the water and there's
some boats there so let's are a little
clip of that and that was kind of cool
so now I'm just kind of standing around
there's no one around
it's really weird like there's nobody
around and there's like a couple of
stories here but they're not even open
yet but there is a Lebanese restaurant
you guys know how I feel about Lebanese
food I'm tempted I'm tempted they're not
open yet but maybe afterwards I can get
a little a little shish toke you know a
little bit of that fattoush in the
bouche so I
just gonna go sit in the waiting room I
guess I did end up getting Lebanese food
here's the evidence
I completely forgot to show you and I
scarfed it back I also got a bottle of
water which I cannot open and I'm dying
thirst so there's that I'm home now and
I really want to try this fattoush that
I got this salad so I'm going to open it
up let's see what this is like I I
really like fattoush but I've only had
it at like two places so maybe I only
like certain fattoush okay this is
getting difficult but I am interested in
trying it oh Reggie's here so let's see
what God this is interesting it's
actually like bread not pitas normally
it's like pita chips okay first bite
it's okay not it's not amazing maybe
it's because the kind of in like sitting
in my purse for a couple hours that
could definitely have something to do
with it yeah it's okay I like the other
stuff better I think but you're gonna
enjoy this now exciting times I'm
heading to Tesco now to pick a few items
because we don't really have any
groceries so here I go I need a cart and
you know how I freakin go and I don't
have a one-pound coin but I have a
solution I'm going to show you that
solution right now okay check this out I
got this thing it's like a one pound
coin thing like this you can put it in
like this into the cart
pop it in oh no it's not working okay
let's try this again okay maybe I know
why maybe take it off first
and
there we go and then it locked in there
and then you get it back just like a
regular one pound bag
goji berries I hear these are pretty
good for you I don't know I hear
everybody says I gotta get on the good
you berry can get on the chia seeds I I
don't even know anymore but I might put
this in the cereal put this on the
smoothie something like that the main
reason I came to this Tesco is because
it's a bit of a bigger one and I wanted
pomegranates but they're out of stock
Keep Calm keep calm I do love myself a
pomegranate I'm pretty tempted by these
Brussels sprouts they look pretty good
oh yeah just kidding just kidding
this is tempting mister grass head you
just dunk it in water and it grows grass
I think this is something that I need to
take home with me and I also came across
this which is called a Mexican cactus
and it is a cactus with a moustache
googly eyes and nose and a sombrero so
there's that but I think I'm gonna stick
with the mr. grass head I'm in the
danger zone Oh Snickers ice cream bars
Snickers Snickers ice cream bars you
cannot go wrong you cannot stop at one
eat the entire package and you don't
even care because they're so good and
this is the ice cream range for any of
you people who've never seen ice cream
anyone I don't own and it's all looking
pretty good I do have a soft spot for
ice cream I've never tried these crunchy
blas ones and I love crunchy bars so I
am tempted it says it's a new range
it's got popping canyon ago which I
don't like so you know I'm gonna keep
browsing I went through a phase of being
completely and utterly addicted to these
anyone else with me here just the
chocolate ones I don't like the other
ones I am tempted I'm tempted but I'm
putting the pop-tarts down they have
like all these different kinds like look
s'mores Oh mine they don't even really
look like real food but at the same time
they are good you can't do that this is
like the American section and they've
got lots of good cheese let me tell you
that good and bad and if any of you guys
remember this the old Pepsi throwback
packaging pretty sweet stuff I picked up
a little treat for Aslan because he
loves these cream mini eggs egg minis
cream egg minis I cannot stand them you
literally could not pay me to eat these
I don't like eggs but I also just don't
like the taste of these so I know he's
gonna love these later I have just
stumbled across a pastel section oh my
oh my I'm really trying to just calm it
down a little bit here but I can't we
have these measuring spoons we have
these measuring cups these cute little
cupcake things and I've already got one
of these little silicone scrapers and
I've also got these four cookie cutters
because I'm going to be doing an Easter
cookie blog post and just look at this
right here this pastel whisk I'm gonna
need that it's time for Reggie's walk
come on Angie well I think you see the
cat ready good go for a walk good don't
worry they'll be playing more cats for
you to look at Oh
no I think it's just the noise that he
hears okay come on time did you good boy
wawk wawk wawk wawk wawk wawk wawk as
you can see I'm back from taking Reggie
for a walk and someone else's home
hey hola yo what's up okay
I want to know can you open up that
water bottle what is wrong with that one
you got it oh my god I could not open
that freaking thing to save my life I
brought it all the way home for me from
lunch because I didn't believe anyone
would be able to open I thought it was
super glued shut
I could've Brian is this oh hey that
none for it's tough winnable open your
bat yeah never heard of it so what are
you doing right now
can I get it yeah a fax you have some
barbecue marinade barbecuing marinating
burp it what's a barbecuing
well we catch a means my baby cute yeah
we're gonna make it happen I'm gonna
cook some wings on the barbecue gonna
make a nice little salad on the side
Ricky's gonna enjoy to like so dang is
there some slaver done thirst not really
but I know you're looking forward to
wings is that okay what do you want
I'm actually the biggest lover of
chicken wings but sometimes the mood
strikes no it's okay if you don't have
chicken wings well no I am having a I'm
saying the mood is struck the old I had
looking yeah all right so while regice
leaked on his pillow just gonna show
that Reggie does actually like to use
his pillow oh okay this day loves it cuz
she want that pillow thinking that he
uses the pill and I was like don't be
silly he's a he's gonna go to bite him
yeah oh he's a toy but no and if you
follow Reggie on Instagram which is at
Reggie button you'll see several
pictures of him using his pillow yeah
yeah you know I'm really low it's
getting towards the summer and you can
tell with this it's not dark yeah like
it's three o'clock in the afternoon
well it's not really yeah oh yeah but
you know it's gang dog like
you know it's like depth of winter
sometimes it gets dark at like 3:30
you're like for you oh yeah so I'm just
gonna answer some emails and do some
admin work if you could want to call
about it yeah yeah and you're gonna cook
dinner I'm gonna do the actual cooking
all right so yeah let's see what happens
with the cooking so what do you think of
me having to get my toe surgery yeah
that's crazy if they told me they said
go to either a me or an emergency clinic
and get an x-ray done a soft tissue
x-ray he said soft tissue and they'll be
able to see if there's is in fact glass
in there and if there is it feels like
there is but he said like it could be
scar tissue could be glass like it you
really can't tell it's been bothering my
mind since it happened but it is you
going to theater what's theater
operating things oh yeah I'm going on
the operating table yeah well he said if
there's a piece of glass in your toe you
can't just leave it there forever
it has to come out which I don't even
understand why why does it actually need
to come out why not sound piece of glass
embedded it's over what can happen
though I maybe get dislodged gets put
into the freaking vein system and then
in July into your heart and is that what
happens then maybe yeah that's what I'm
thinking yeah I could get into your
bloodstream or something yeah my we're
probably nothing is very small kind of
it's a Delia totally calories and I feel
like quite a large piece yeah there you
go in there and there is a piece of
glass in my big toe and does my toe look
big in this sock so this isn't it by the
way this is not the piece of gloves
that's her other toe so try to show them
through this off because I'm not showing
you my keys okay let's see if you suck
so there is a toe it's all right on the
business leaving the right foot this
yeah okay yeah okay let's see here let's
get it as tight as possible so we can
get as much definition to right in here
all right you can't really you can't
really see in the
that way you can't be canceled huh
regardless yeah he's basically like you
got to get it out and he said you if you
go in they did the x-ray in there his
piece of glass
they'll just sliver it and try to like
you know now I was just trying I bought
it out yeah as he was telling me this
was my big eyes like he was just like
it's not gonna be that bad and I was
like I'll need stitches
well yep or need like one of the
hostages there I've never had stitches
this will be your first that's a lie I
have mm-hmm but I'd rather not say why
I've never had such as knock wood broken
anything
no again oh good
what you're knocking the friggin TV
remote um well I mean I've broken like
small toes and stuff I I think that
Katherine um oh brother major bro
I really hope I don't cuz I don't like
the idea of that feeling the feeling
inside like like you know like you know
you feel when something happens on your
body and it's not right but imagine of
breaking a bone yeah like one time I was
putting the garbage together and there
was a broken beer bottle in the garbage
and I was like grabbing the plastic lik
tie it up and it slipped my hand I still
have the scar from it and but it was
like a really big cut right here and I
remember what it happened I could feel
it felt weird I look down and I just
like no just he would be when you
realize there's something around my body
and it's like a weird feeling like oh
another photo
this is like it doesn't even hurt it
just feels somewhere that I like it
and where are we all right and start
cooking yeah
I mean first things first you going to
marinate your wings I've got a bit had
my marinating kind of a since this
morning
better than overnight but you know 12
hours so I just as long as you can you
know it's all good
okay so now for the side making kind of
a salad be not really Saladin type of
sign it
we've got quinoa and bulgur wheat that's
already been cooked and some butter
beans in there I have some tomatoes and
some shallots that I've chopped up and
salted and peppered a few diced apples
I've got some chorizo here that I've
just found off on the pan I find that
your answer to be quite fatty so if you
fry it off and then drain all the fat it
gets rid of a lot of the fat so it just
makes it a little bit less intense now
the dressing is two parts olive oil one
part of lemon juice and just squeeze of
English mustard
so just combine all these things
together so here it is all combined
doesn't look appetizing but does taste
pretty good I just try some I love that
mix and combination about a little bit
of sweet the apple savoriness of the
turret so then you got the cup of the
earthiness of the quinoa bulgur wheat
and the beans tall good man it's all
good now barbecue these bad boys we're
just listening to this TV all this is
commercial on this dog is so like a big
boy oh you get back dog anyway finally
the burgers amende like burners help you
deal a little bit um it was to be fair
pitch black outside so one of the yeah I
could really see what the colour was
because I thought it was black I go I
said I don't mind because I don't live
it's Bert I think it's perfectly crispy
I prefer it when it's a little bit
charred you know on the outside
no charred which are charred John and
them so yeah well we'll see how it
tastes
I'm sure it'll take amazing this salad
looks really good what the heck are
these things what um what it means
what beans butter beans it's already a
salad is just like a team assignment
it's like a bean salad kind of with
tomatoes yeah
tomatoes are its aren't everything truth
is amazing Staubach
okay so we're gonna be watching homeland
want a net fix so I think the evidence
says it all
thank thank me salad you do yeah we
never used to like that sweet and savory
concoction like it mmm good on the
chicken wings there were a bit overdone
I think a jigger might taste it but the
meat inside was so you next time I think
lower heat and light would do will make
it good yeah sorry queueing in the dark
it doesn't work kids
no I mean what still watching uh house
ever not fun house a whole house alone
hold on is a very good show pretty good
something something's gonna happen
something so I think we're just gonna
finish up dinner we're gonna do dishes
I'm gonna do the dishes and I think I'm
gonna make a nice cup of tea as one's
been demonstrating to me how Claire
Danes cries in homeland let's see if you
can do it on command pretend you're in
the hospital bed yeah I mean reading
she's okay but the one thing that she
really pisses me off with is her sadness
emotion which oldest a it's always which
by the way I do not agree with him at
all I am obsessed with Claire Danes I
love her I've loved her since my
so-called life days I'm sure that yeah
she she she's quite capable of doing all
the other emotions in a convincing way
except for the so sad I'm gonna cry
emotion okay which is a set up with a
moody look like and then
no she does not
it's like somebody is like it's like
she's sucking on the mostess our like
like you're the atom bombs there's like
yeah on the masala possible whatever
he's like you could be an actor I could
be there you go you're so good at that
in more important news I am now making
my grass head so this thing you might
remember earlier I got this at the
grocery store my crap mister grass head
what I have to do is soak this in water
under water for 15 minutes oh look as I
went up oh okay and I'm gonna do it
right now mister grass head is submerged
and it will stay that way for another 15
minutes
whew things are getting wild we all want
to I think it is tea time I'm making my
tea it's gonna ding any second now what
a satisfying ding that is because now I
get to have my tea so I'm gonna make my
tea carry on with my business and I will
see you guys in the next vlog you have
anything you want to say Stacy
all right there's have this focusing
issues with this camera tonight not sure
what but anyways yes we will see you in
the next vlog do it alright bye
