hey everyone we're filling in like a
proper setup right now yes is weird for
the vlog Channel
I know because you were doing videos on
here so yeah it's all set up
yeah so we're set up and ready to go now
we thought it'd be a good idea if we
film the little QA video and I actually
asked on my Facebook page in January
some questions that you guys wanted to
know about Aslan and I back in January
yeah yeah and remember I was handing you
for a couple of weeks and then you
didn't want to do it never had time and
now here we are in March so that's fine
so if you're not on my Facebook page get
on the Facebook page because next time
we do a QA you can ask your queue and we
will a hmm right exactly yeah okay so
there are 80 questions people 80 people
commented and asked the question which
is crazy so I guess I'll just start
reading random ones so the top comment
and we're just gonna answer this
straightaway what is your job what do
you do so I work in prophecy I know
that's very vague I'm specifically I
work in property development or aslan
what was your first impression of a
stays YouTube life and interest in
beauty what did you think when I first
started YouTube I thought it was awesome
you know because I watched a lot of
YouTube videos on a regular basis before
you go to youtube so and like we were
both kind of internet kind of nerd kids
yes whereas you could say having a lot
more than me but actually Aslan was the
one who encouraged me from the beginning
yeah because I thought it's like it's a
great hobby and I know I knew like back
then that people were kind of just
starting to realize what it was yeah and
like you know seeing how like are you
doing a constant video like a weekly
video on YouTube could lead to something
that's kind of fulfilling and very much
fun success whatever what are you gonna
call it and I always say that if Aslan
wasn't in my life I probably never would
have started YouTube because yeah he was
the one who really got me going on it so
that was cool living together problems
and tips on how to handle each other
well we've always lived together yeah um
so whenever we have a fight this is how
it goes down we have the fight and then
we ignore each other for a while
today and problem-solve that we are big
fans of the silent treatment yeah the
silent treatment cares all roses well I
think is that I think it's more than
just silent treatment I think when two
people do live to get all the time and
then suddenly you get conflict the fact
that you're constantly around each other
it doesn't help that and I think it's
best to just remove yourself out of that
situation and then have that your own
personal space for a little bit and then
that I think helps to settle things then
you can both cool down and you can
realize all we're is amazingly I do oh
my god I'd love to hear Aslan talk some
more about Kazakhstan um so weird to
begin yeah I was born in Kazakhstan yeah
it's kind of funny cuz whenever I
mentioned some some people don't believe
me they're like oh I just thought it was
a country that they made out for boron
or something yeah but yeah I mean I love
calyx dawn because I was a really cool
place if if anybody ever wants to visit
I definitely recommend it's not like a
very touristy place it's not like
Thailand
there's not like resorts and beaches
that sort of thing but if you're looking
for a kind of I got a holiday we have to
be a bit of an adventurer but that's
ultimately rewarding then you go to his
son it's got amazing natural beauty in
certain parts other parts of the monist
step there's always just flat grasslands
but he showed me a couple of photos of
some mountains in Kazakhstan and it's
pretty gorgeous I've never been to
Kazakhstan but say something in Russian
Borowski
what is that in Russian oh say I was
born in Kazakhstan and now I live in
England yeah i justa Konstantinos a
salami love it one of my best memories I
think I ever have is me taking four of
my school friends and all of us going in
or like on this road trip around
Kazakhstan that was pretty fun and I
think that was when we were 18 or 18 or
17 and whenever we see his friends they
all spit up and that joke about that all
guy so funny what are your goals for the
future personal and career-wise for both
of you I just want to say I'm not taller
than asla and I keep looking at the
screen and I'm like this and you're like
down there I'm
on a pillow it's really very shares
later what are your goals for the future
personal and career wise for both of you
goals for the future I don't know what
I'm really have any yeah just be happy
fine to find somewhere that you can be
happy and work it to death find that
niche and just go at it go at it until
you are the happiest no phone you can be
exactly yeah and what was the other one
personal and career-wise career-wise I
just want to see where the world takes
me yeah yeah what about you same here
again find out nation him what can it
will as one ever start his own YouTube
channel all the questions are about this
guy right here um I didn't even be here
I can't see myself starting on anytime
soon because we do have a volatile now
because I think that's kind of more both
of us so that's satisfying me enough I
suppose I have always wanted to do
videos where it's more us reviewing
things like reviewing not nothing makeup
related no makeup interviews like
reviewing films and music though and
things beyond that but I don't think I
would I don't think I would have a
dedication to have my own YouTube
channel and to make a good go of it
because she's obviously so good at it
and she's done such a good job that if I
do it and I four five fails fil oh
that's crazy if that's the reason but I
meet so many friends and like yeah I'm
definitely gonna start a YouTube channel
scenes amazing and then they just quit
after a week and I'm like yeah gotta
keep at it gotta keep on if you want to
you know only if you want to I'd like to
know both of your thoughts and feelings
on YouTube fame is it weird that people
know you do you ever think oh man what
have we done I don't find it weird
sometimes it is a little bit kind of a
bit of a shock to your system yeah
especially like because I don't think
myself as being famous or anything like
I don't ever think when I'm walking
around I never
in back of my mind I always think Fame
is the weirdest and wrongest word oh not
Fame yeah just like recognition yeah
like you know other than I feel like oh
when I'm walking around I have the
bathroom I know somebody might recognize
me and because I don't have that back of
mine when it does happen very rarely not
all-time very rarely it is kind of like
sometimes it's being there like oh my
god you know it's just like you know me
and not you know it's a really good
feeling but I think whenever I meet
someone who watches our videos or
watches my beauty videos I love it I
think it's the coolest thing ever always
to yesterday telling me telling her that
they saw me like yeah on the specific
metro line the specific time yeah so
just just come up and say hello and that
goes I think probably all youtubers I
think that that's just the best thing to
do it on a why I snapped pancakes or
waffles definitely nine cakes
so I'm waffles specifically crepes I say
hey skips I don't know why do these cups
it's flattening like this blue
whenever I see when I just think of like
a wet piece of paper but then you fill
it with deliciousness Quaffle a Nutella
crime there's nothing in any timetable
on marriage and how do you feel about
little Aslan and it stays in the future
this is question I feel like we should
address because we get it all the time
oh my this is like we're feeling the
pressure from you guys about getting
married and having kids which is crazy
yeah I'm 24 23 yeah we're a little poor
young uns I mean we've been together for
a while almost five years but I think
the fact that yeah the five year month
naturally makes people think oh yeah is
this gonna go anywhere as a serious or
you still just like you know messing
around messing around messy I think for
both of us like yeah eventually we're
probably gonna get married to have kids
that's like you know why that's what uh
I don't know uh but neither of us really
see the point of rushing into anything I
mean well I certainly don't have kids
anytime soon oh hell no not anytime soon
we both have so much stuff we want to do
I mean we both love to travel in seven
you know I just want to wait for later
in life kiddies because I come from an
Asian family I think the expectation is
to have children and a younger age and
perhaps because of that my reaction is
to vainly go against that and then I
want to stick to the Western standard
we're like oh if you have kids under the
age of 25 I think in the West as people
there's like oh that was an accident you
didn't plan that oh yeah yeah people
always do yeah or if you get married
when you're like when you're in the
early twenties everybody's like oh
that's not gonna last that's mistake or
something so I don't look at it that way
at all I've got plenty of friends who
have kids and are married and they're
under the age of 25 and they're really
happy so I just think whatever works for
you but that's not what we're doing this
time around it's not working for us to
be having kids when were 24 no it's not
working for us no I'm definitely not
five things you love about each other oh
my god that's a lot of things one's fine
there's a lot okay I'll do one than you
do one okay Oh Alan is like always quite
funny like he's always like doing shiz
that makes me laugh like funny stuff
like just being creeping around and
stuff that's number one you're always
funny you always do the laundry I love
that oh my god no no no no very much
it's very practical though I hate
laundry and stay doesn't laundry and I
couldn't be more happy okay you are very
smart
like he's he's like a pretty smart
person he usually knows stuff oh really
that's what go on keep saying one of
those that me she accepts my wig
disgusting sometimes disgusting happens
most I'm disgusting most of the time
disgusting and you are very what's the
word he he he takes time to think about
things you're logical
whereas sometimes I'm like always
Lissa's how I think of myself all the
time and that's my mind you're very like
oh and I think we balance each other out
Oh see yeah but I think it's good for
you that I'm a little bit crazy okay you
need a bit more emotion bit more yeah
passion in that yeah maybe it relates to
just the point before you can really
easily place yourself in other people's
shoes
and I think that's helped me to kind of
read people better over the years that I
think before I may I wasn't very good at
reading people
yeah and having been with you for so
long and notice how you do it so easily
how you can play sylvan on google shoes
and how you can instantly understand why
they might be feeling that way yeah i
think that maybe that some of that's
rubbed off on me have you two ever
considered living in a Scandinavian
country I know you seem to love
Copenhagen what do you what do you think
is obvious it's kind of a is an awesome
place you know people in Scandinavia
seem to have their head screwed on
properly the government seemed to always
do things that are logical and you know
generally seen as good so really nice
way of life it's kind of Sirat obviously
and that's very attractive we haven't
made any immediate plans or anything so
probably not but yeah it's a nice idea
how does Aslan deal with his nervousness
of flying I'm not sure how bad it is for
him but my phobia of flying crept up on
me in the last eight years and it makes
traveling rough my phobia of flying
isn't I would say is a phobia because it
doesn't grip me to the extent that I
call it phobia you know I can still fly
and everything and I never like put
myself off from going somewhere because
I have to fly it's just I don't even
think about it until like the 20 minutes
before I get onto the plane I never
really see as I'm like scared scared we
don't really do any like death-defying
tricks on the weekends or anything but
when we fly like something in him
changes and he doesn't act normal I'm
just saying it does that's it yeah like
he's just really nervous like his palms
are sweating when I talked and he's just
like don't talk to me yeah I think I'm
probably one of the most annoying people
would fly with because I'm always like
what was that sound yeah yeah whoo
flying back from Rome there was like
this vibration which I found quite
normal about why this thing's like what
the hell is that vibration I've ever
done before
what is that goose yeah so I'm not
really afraid of flying because I just
figure you're up there if goes down
what can you do yeah no the other hand
I'm thinking you're a metal cylinder
flying so high above the air propelled
by nothing by propellers propelled by
nothing but propellers turning around
there's been so many mechanical failures
in history
and I've read like so many different air
crashes it's just that's what just goes
through my mind yeah okay how do I deal
with that I have two ways of dealing
with it put in my headphones and just
close my eyes and trying to just calm
myself down and also if I can drink
heavily before I go he does love a drink
on the plane Maggio sure I try to think
at least two pints before I go to plane
not know biz what's on the plane we're
not kidding but we flew once at 7:00 in
the morning and he was like damn right
yeah cuz this way to sleep I'm just
laying on okay so I think that's all of
the time we have for this version of the
Q&A if you've got any more questions of
course leave them down below in the
comments do you have anything else to
add to this Q&A anything you want to
touch on
no just the tell us good maybe you
should tell us in the comments if you
apart from the vlogs if you would like
us to do any sort of other type of video
okay we've got the vlogs we've got the
cooking this is the two types right yeah
if there's any sort of a sort of type of
video you want on the blog channel tell
us know and that's it we're gonna say
over a nut you want to wrap it up with
me wrap it up by nice
