good morning is a beautiful beautiful
Sunday morning Squires anything I think
the best walk is possible on Sunday
mornings Reggie over here he's just
feeling a little bit frisky coz he took
a huge one morning and he always gets
pretty out it will just run around big
Richie okay he did kind of a second go
he wanted to run around that's where
Brian going to the Month show today
already mentioned this in the last stop
but yet a modern show where all that
mid-century Scandinavian know that he's
got a just general mid-century goodness
is good morning I am ready to go we're
going to the modern show I would say
modern favorite it's the modern show
it's about 9:30 in the morning and I
really wanted to have breakfast because
every other time we go I'm starving
and I made a smoothie it's green here's
my smoothie it's got spinach and fruit
and a little bit of water I don't know
what this is gonna taste like but I'm
gonna try it right now and we're gonna
get going here they are the green
smoothies they look repulsive here's a
close-up didn't do but they actually
taste amazing did you try it yet I have
it's pretty good the reason why it's
green its crisp it's finishing it
exactly healthy good you know yeah and I
was like looking at alike all this is
gonna taste mastered but it's really
good isn't it
I need to start putting some protein
powder or some shoes in there right just
like I like green smoothies
okay so we're going now right yes okay
here we are back a beautiful Dulwich
College again we don't quite get there
very good it would be so here inside now
the same so it's gonna be oh yeah that's
what yeah we're in the main kind of new
new sixties building
Aslan's trying to wheel and deal he
wants a garbage bin it sounds not good
but it is actually it's a nice bin we
have a couple of them at home they're
like the teak bins the guys picking it
up right now but I don't think the
wheeling and dealing is going so well
so we're just kind of browsing around
lots of people everywhere lots to look
at our furniture dealer friend sarah has
this table it's up for grabs it is a
stunner
isn't it it's a garden set yeah so it's
got these gorgeous chairs it doesn't it
doesn't feel like too old because of the
white tubular man I think it's
absolutely gorgeous if we had the room I
tell ya this would be the one
not it's so nice it's so nice so anyone
looking for his garden table I will link
to Sara's down below so I'm really
excited because I just made a purchase
you did oh yeah you did I got a gift for
somebody who watches my book so I can't
yeah I think they're really gonna like
it and I actually wanted to get it for
them last time we were here and I didn't
and it was like big regrets so special
occasions coming up and I'm gonna give
it to them and I've been annoying este
by talking to the wait a minute here for
too long okay as Latinos like
everybody's here I swear he's like okay
yes I guess we can continue upstairs
yeah I mean the upstairs is the news
which I love that vexations let's roll
come on so we're just heading to the
other three sections now Aslan is he's
in his element he acts like a totally
different man when we're at the it's
like when Reggie sees a beat he's like
this that is like so I don't mind really
we're going to the next it says right
here three further holes this way
yeah these holes are never is good if
you remember from the last time these
halls are full of smalls
yeah lots of smalls so many small as
they're like the small as though I'm a
small man I'm a small man okay I always
forget that there's still another
massive room here like you go through
these smaller little holes and then
you're like oh that's another big-ass
room yeah there's more stuff are there's
not whirring playing it but I want to
come on
and then this is mr. Shackleton for the
Explorer right there or not him but his
guarantee was from yep as ones just in
the line to get some fudge I knew if he
wanted to come back here for some reason
and I knew it should have been fudge I
knew the reason was fudge so he's in the
line getting some fudge well I wait for
him I just want to say I put up a hair
tutorial today and it's actually for
this hairstyle that I'm rocking right
now it's the messy curly hair
anyway I'll link to that down below but
so many of you guys have been tweeting
me just now I'm just checking on my
phone and you're tweeting me saying that
you just tried the hair style and you
show me pictures of it so I try just
think that's really cool
when hair styles come to life you know
what I'm saying so check out that video
if you want to know how did you the
messy curly hair it's very easy so yeah
thanks to everybody for watching and
tweeting me those pictures here's the
man with the fudge I got her good
just taking ready for a quick little
walk he's so happy
come on reg let's go outside Reggie
loves this weather and he loves the
sunshine and he just keeps like stopping
to be pet normally he doesn't really do
that when he's walking but he's just
like he's just really into a couple a
mood today we're going to Sloane Square
as we are cool
that was what British accent anyway
we're going to have some lunch and I'm
sure you guys can guess where we're
going they actually built a new come to
our lemonade's as I say I just call it
come to our cuz I can't say in liban a
living and I love Lebanese food you guys
know that I need fattoush I need
fattoush in the Boush yes you do I
really do
so we're heading there and I might pop
into the Zara that's there because I was
online last night
got some good shoes they're heading out
down richy's like no he's alright yeah
we won't be too long so we made it to
the restaurant oh yeah I've decided to
get the length with you yeah there's
tons of people waiting outside to get in
waiting outside
Azlan got this drink it's called the
mirror it's like ice mint orange and
lemon yeah it's so good it's like just
look at that looks like the smoothie
this morning except it's much more
sugary no and this is mine I just got
like half lemonade half lime juice so
good so sour so good the food has
arrived here's my organic lab net which
is like kind of like Greek yogurt with
pita bread and olive oil as when it's
stealing it's so good it's so good and
then a couple of different types of
salads and then here's my chicken wrap
and then what's this stuff
yeah and a little pita bread and another
salad over there oh yeah just finished
our meal there it is come to our and all
of its glory I'm telling everybody what
you did I put my glasses of a table and
a stadium before me
so I got aslha and these glasses he's
already lost a pair of glasses I got
these to hit for him and he freakin
loses them again and I taught him a
lesson I'm very bad at making sunglasses
anyway hopefully that teaches you a
lesson you don't forget now this short
stroll know where Greg is are this is by
the way this is called Duke of York
Square right and this is just kind of
off the beaten path kind of off the vine
yeah like off the main street off the
main street without to be in that kind
of but not really but yeah we're kind of
you know what I mean and it's a really
nice place to shop if you want like a
little bit of quietness
and really nice shops and it's like a
good collection of things as well
because it's like classy so we're going
a desire now so I did go to Zara and I
got quite a few things including two
coats like springtime coats but now
we're in partridges which is like right
now hostage super lucky for the waitress
yeah it's like a very I think the Queen
goes here is that what they say I mean
does get her groceries from Bali yeah
and they just have like unique little
items like different types of chips and
chocolate and nuts you know things like
that so we're just taking a quick little
gander talking about you know when
you're having a bad skin day like right
now like I've got a few somebody
somebody's talking to us through the
bushes no I think she's on the phone
anyway you know when you're having like
a bit of a weird skin day like right now
I've got like a I have a have a zit
erupting on my forehead did you notice
that did you notice that earlier the
Heavy's it roughly yeah it's like one of
those painful ones anyway my whole face
feels like that and I am just dying to
go home and put a face mask on ladies to
know the feeling give this video a
thumbs up and you know really that'll oh
is that a low blow
I think they may know what you're
getting it yes like sometimes I just
want to go scratch my own face off and
be like I just feel like I just see red
so when I get home I'm popping on that
origins charcoal mask and I'm gonna feel
wonderful after that I'll tell you that
much right now I hate wearing makeup
when your skin feels bad yeah because it
I might feel like it even makes this
spot whatever was so I told you I was
gonna put a face mask on Reggie's quite
interested oh man that feels good that
feels we're just going after one of my
socks from last night he's like I will
eat those anyway I'm just gonna chill
out with this face mask on I'm hoping
that it works the magic release the
hounds that's what I'm doing on my skin
right now
I don't know you see the homes yeah this
is like the last ditch effort Reggie is
playing with this ball hello hello
looking mouths been beautiful yes
I'm like it's at the stage where it
needs to wash off so I can't really move
my face too much that's good okay yeah
you look like you got Botox like I think
you only supposed to leave this on for
like ten minutes but this is probably
been on for like an hour
no lie oh wow it's a long time I kind of
messed up but what were you just doing
I woke ready yeah I did forget that one
walking Reggie plan you guys configured
me you walk Reggie with me before you
know what happens that's it I really I
haven't done any Reggie cam in a while
but I think that maybe maybe that was
just like a vlogmas special
so anyway we just thought we would show
you what we got from the modern show
today
two things well I got another thing but
it's a gift and I can't show it yes
so shall I later than your eyes okay so
the first thing I thought well the only
thing I got is this tea tray very nice
Wow
what kind of trays is tell me more I'm
intrigued it is a teak tray like what
kind of training for paper paper tray oh
okay survey like this yes so I was just
gonna put like some magazines and stuff
in there just put it on my desk I just I
just it is you're in or this your help
what do you mean this is your entrails
out right am i in and out tree are the
same dress in and out just you know crap
I don't want to put anywhere else I'm
just gonna put it in straight unless
good let's put it down the B paper in
that nice finest teak veneer with a two
ply sandwich in there there we go Oh
lovely you know that's good that's good
stuff there alright and what did you get
I got a nice as well it's a nice little
box
yeah he does say dance designs but the
same that dance design item well if it
was a dance design then it probably
would have had a stamp on it but this
one does far as I know all that stuff
has a stamp on it this doesn't have a
stamp on it more dance is a little camel
holder as that collects these
candleholders cast iron ones yeah yeah
there's no stamp on here but it's yeah
never see mr. design before there you go
I'm a boring man Wow Reggie was on his
walk I vacuum the kitchen what do you up
to panting tired from your walk
oh girl stop doing that with you I'm
making dinner boring time of dinner
tonight is way more you got much in the
princess exciting so against that some
steak it's wedding a one Jesus sake here
just a one piece will share that that's
fine right and I've got some fries
they're gonna go going in the oven I'm
gonna make the steak on the barbecue oh
yeah it's barbecue season ladies and
gentlemen let's take out the guns I mean
let's take out the gas turn on the
burners and makes mistake here's the
beginning of our dinner this salad Azlan
just barbecued the steak of course he's
having a beer and what is going on over
here
sibling they are sizzling what are like
they're cooked yeah
I better try one for good measure I
guess you could say this is our version
of like a Sunday roast no way I love
Sunday roast but we never actually make
them or have them but this is kind of
like one and they make shall we eat has
a tendency to charville things who might
like my grandpa we always joke because
whenever we makes a steak it's like hard
as a bullet but I actually like it so as
one always that like she doesn't want to
make steak like my grandpa Estee loves
chips so much that she actually is a
magnet to them literally what is
happening right now this is like some
freakin David Blaine stuff food we all
know strings okay
so we just had dinner and it was
actually very good Alan says that's
maybe one of the best steaks he's ever
made is that true
probably the best steak I've ever made
yep it was really good wasn't it yeah so
I think we're gonna wrap it up here is
um it's about 7:30 right now but we're
just gonna chill out so Sunday night
she's gonna go to chill I actually
already have been cleaning and
organizing some things which felt good
you know it's always nice on a Sunday to
like get on top of laundry and things of
that nature so anything else to say
no the dishes what am I an addition yeah
so we will see in the next vlog which
should be I don't know but regardless
people have one up next Tuesday right
that's our new thing next Tuesday we'll
see you next Tuesday
bye bye
