good morning Ritchie and little guy are
you sleepy did I wake you up a little
bit
good morning everybody it's a little bit
early I am dying of thirst it's not that
early it's my 8 o'clock on Saturday I
need to get a drink that's what I'm
gonna do Bridge is dying to go out for a
walk but I feel like I might be if I
don't ingest water I was going to say
just some h2o wait that is water okay
I'm having a very slow slow start to the
day
should we go for a walk now Reggie
cheeky little walk okay that may get my
coat let's get my coat on you excited
you know we're going for a walk stretch
yeah Reggie okay let's go
Reggie's in a particularly snippy mood
today
he's sniffing everything well he always
gives everything but this time more than
normal
and look at these poor flowers they're
dying pretty resilient little things
though I've got to say they kind of like
die and then come back to life
Reggie I think is about to pee on one
yep Oh Reggie no respect to the flowers
Reggie's just having his breakfast and
I'm actually heading to the gym I know
it's crazy crazy she's right here I have
to upload the vlog from yesterday so I
might just do that now and I kind of
want to know of Aslan's coming to the
gym with me because this morning he was
really sleepy and like I didn't wake
about me this kind of halfway house like
so are you coming to the gym with me
like if you want me to so I was like I
don't mind like if you don't want to go
it's just like only if you want me to so
I have to save these more alert now and
I might just upload this vlog right now
rise and shine how's it going okay
two of those is this your first time on
the vlog in bed yeah pretty much I think
this is unfair I'm blind even at home
got my contacts in enjoy your glasses
sure you want to live on the edge
nice nice time we gotta go to the gym I
thought telling you I'm just saying I am
going thank you
you gotta go with me well no what are
you even doing in here will they do
either here well take a guess
sleeping yeah go on nice compact day yep
Jim don't take the Reggie to the part
I've got to film a couple videos films
and videos one of those are the portal
of fat yeah we got a lots of to do
so buh-buh-buh-buh
am I the most annoying person you've
ever
I met I roll no I'm sorry guys it right
oh oh you're only about you probably the
thumb is done but who's the first oh do
I know them is it me
okay so are you coming or not
ah yes Wow okay let's do this thing
I want to talk about my sports bra for
anyone who cares this is the shock
absorber bra and I've had this
recommended to me by lots of people I
just wanted to talk about it because it
is so freaking hard to put it on it is
so supportive and basically use these
hook around so then you've got to hook
the top section and then you hook the
bottom section as well like this so
you're hooked in all different areas
ladies if you have the boobage and
you're like trying to work out and your
boobs are like bouncing up to your
eyeballs and down to your belly button
you need that shock absorber it's the
only sports bra I've ever tried that has
actually works like it actually works
there's nothing else about it it's
really expensive I can't remember how
much it was when I bought it but I know
I got it on sale and I would just really
recommend the shock absorber bra I need
to get another one actually so yeah
hopefully that wasn't too much
information but I just thought to my
fellow big boob diddly ladies it could
help
oh hi holiday buddy Reggie loves as one
so much hello good boy whoa I love his
big bump it is massive was that you
snorting her him he's cute he's cute
Oh squirrel time there's no stopping him
now okay
yes sir Oh Christy very squirrel just
gonna eat a banana Aslan's taking the
tag off my socks this is exciting step
right here yes they always you know
these tags these little like plastic
tags yeah close assay only makes me like
not more fun well I can't ever get them
off and I can never find the scissors
even though they're scissors right there
um can you open up the banana too
you know I've got technical difficulties
like that as well oh really this oh my
gosh you got to do this I'm not editing
that out yeah it's got a mole on it well
do you want to eat it at that part only
eat it break it off
thank you apparently it's good to you
have a banana before you work out
something light what happens have like
very just a few simple light carbs and
then we come home can we have like a big
bacon sandwich that'd be amazing
that's what I do thing is when you
exercise off the exo you don't feel like
super hungry like you know oh my god I
do yeah like okay I can put away like a
freaking double cheeseburger I need like
Chou's
right often yeah you feel like Oh
exhilarated you're just next to me I
just feel like a funny there's no
way I could pose for you that's how I
feel first thing in the morning
stays out of the way I'm holding the
camera right now okay very strange okay
let me eat this banana and then we're
hey no man you baby sweating that cheese
huh being me me and you
Oh walking to the gym walk back
from the gym yeah Phoenix ah I feel
disgusting and I feel very tired
Brad she worked out while we were gone
didn't you usual good news nephew he's
not she got this sculpted body of a god
Lee just getting ready to film a little
video quickly I'm actually gonna do two
videos and then I was thinking maybe
Ashlyn and I could do a Q&A video
maybe maybe so I might put the feelers
out on Twitter to see if anybody has any
questions for us right yep no be fun I
hope we've got time to do that because I
kind of want to do that so now I'm just
gonna get filming these two videos and I
will see Wanda just got finished filming
my video they were both hair related
videos and this is Inge messy bun hair
tutorial which I will link on my Twitter
as soon as it goes live it won't be on
my main channel but I will link to what
goes up so now I think we do have time
for the Q&A
together and I actually want to do like
an ask se I've done one of these before
it's just an ask se like Q&A just for my
main channel but I thought it would be
fun if aztl√°n I did a Q&A as well
because we used to do them and I've got
some questions up on my Facebook page
from ages ago I asked like in January
some questions for Aslan and I and we're
just getting around to doing it now so I
think he's just going to get a chair and
then we'll be filming the video together
I have to sit on this pillow because
Aslan so tall and in order to film it to
be at the same height you know you don't
even know fine as long as those
and the cameras a little good yeah so
let's get started how are you doing down
here reg aha are you enjoying yourself
are you enjoying yourself Ritchie
oh you are just stretching like nobody's
business
this one I think you're ready for the
park aren't you aren't you ready to go
to the park
yes you are mr. overbite mr. overbite
your cutie oh my god
just look at this you know this overbite
they call that a parrot mouth apparently
no he's not a parrot he's a cutie he's a
cutest little guy hey it allows that it
was good open it oh my god it's plenty
even it nobody yeah the other day he did
that for like honestly it must have done
it for like an hour a he was like
obsessed with doing it yeah just you did
it for all five minutes I'd do it again
and they gave it again are you ready to
go to the park mister not quite done
there we go this is when he feels most
comfortable alright do you think it's
hot outside or cold
I think it's uh the temperature of the
air is cold but it was a sonically yeah
okay ready can you muster up the
strength to go to a park whoo
for Ganesha come on
good God good boy be a good boy
hey mr. Reggie as soon as he gets to the
park it's miss it's smelling time this
is
it is such a nice day today isn't it
gorgeous of course Aslan brings his cool
sunglasses and I forgot mine again
sorry yeah you can you can wear mine and
there's a lots of dogs in the park today
and just all small ones but maybe some
greyhounds will come here's a little
camouflaged little little guy
checking out Reggie Reggie just made
friends with this little kid well it
wasn't really a little kid he's like
nine year old boy and the boy was like
kind of scared of him but like not
really but he was like thought it was
cool to touch Reggie so he was playing
with him it was really cute should we
take him for like an actual walk around
the pet now talk walk so sunny it's so
warm isn't it oh oh oh crazy thing
girlfriends
ready for a walk Reggie let's go just
look at this son you can't be in a bad
mood when the sun is shining that is fo
sho we find ourselves back at Battersea
Park because and don't mind my
sunglasses marks over there no yeah I
decided to wear my sunglasses it's
actually not as warm as it was about
5-10 minutes ago is it a lot of Sun this
is really cool oh yeah I bust out the
pink leather jacket and yeah wrong wrong
choice of attire definitely because it
is freaking freezing anyway we're at the
Affordable Art Fair which is being held
here in Battersea Park and it's
basically art that's affordable from 40
pounds to 4,000 pounds so affordable
well I wouldn't call 4,000 pounds
affordable art but I mean the last time
one that were actually it wasn't like
all pretty much about 3,000 that was
quite a few pieces like sixty quid
seventy like smaller prints and stuff
suits yeah some things are affirmed
so we're just heading through the park
now just walking along and we will show
you some art when we see it we made it
after a short walk through the park
there is this little tent that says
affordable art fair and we're going in
we haven't bought our tickets so we're
buying our tickets now we're just
wandering through and look at the
ceiling it's like this it's like cool
ten stars or something
and there's people everywhere you know
you really can't escape the people
especially on the weekends so we're just
looking at the art pretty much just
looking at the affordable art we've made
it through about maybe a fifth of it and
we're ready to tuck it out it's going on
so we stopped for a little lunch break
one option yeah that was quite a ditch
hi I've never had my life to like a
random girl for a scotch egg there you
go
so we're now going down another aisle
more arts to see I think this may be the
last row will they be coming to the end
of our time the 2014 back sample will up
there
that's a lot smaller than the last thing
that we went to yeah
what do you did actually like one thing
didn't you yeah there was a small we'll
talk about that later okay yeah I mean
not many but photographs here like the
first time I came here which is about
four or five years ago I remember being
filled with different photographers in
photographs but this time it's all my
stuff
I think it's all Smith display very well
but it regardless it is like there is so
many different types like something
that's really good right yeah so if you
are looking for something you want to
get some original I do recommend coming
here because there's just so much choice
here it's all about places yeah and
affordable I mean
it's not 40,000 but it's not like 40
don't
that's like 40 pounds all right all the
small prints will be like you know for
tickets but most stuff that you would
like it's are we going to be a minimum
of thousands so I guess we're going now
outside now in beautiful fantasy sunny
fog yeah so I just want to talk about
the one thing I actually like like if I
was here it I was like right something
from the spirit there's actually one
thing I really liked one really one
thing that it was this but it wasn't
actually decimated by the same artist I
think yeah that's the other way yes by
the one you like was kind of a doughnut
shape that's kind of like a doughnut but
it says Victoria Brown combines
traditional printing techniques with
digital innovation but in real life this
looks really cool does it and I just
gotta liked it so yeah and I wasn't
really like this well these specifically
these kind of graphic prints there's
better ones in this but this guy like
yeah so those were the two things being
got up in that show and now as Lana's
getting some ice cream hmm
then I get some of that classic walls
what walls there was ice cream that was
good that's right
YUM ice cream caught you an act have you
already eaten your flight gym single
flake yep and look I found some canoes
do these like get rented out to the
public in the summertime when the
weather's better would you ever want to
canoe down this thing with me maybe this
summer yeah it's a rowboat oh dear
rowboat I have once flipped a kayak oh
yeah kayak is one way just by yourself
yeah okay come on you know that no but
one way is officer that's easier than
everything yeah but do you know how to
inflict
apparently you're supposed to just put
way out one arm up I remember that from
school - yeah anyway we're just walking
along it's really a nice day it's you
know it's pretty chilly but I mean it's
March you cannot complain about this
weather and look here's some water and
some little duckies it doesn't get
better than this ladies and gentlemen -
o'clock is a beautiful boat I think it's
the most beautiful park in London you
think so yeah I love this Park rather
than region spot yeah yeah I just love
it there's something nice about it I
don't know I can't put my finger on it
but it's really nice I I don't really
like taking Reggie here though because
there's always a lot of people here he
gets kind of freaked ones got freaked
well but he doesn't love it but yeah and
there's no like cordoned off dog area
yeah but yeah it's a really nice Park
especially in the summertime lots of
families come here I think this is like
a good family park right Tommy finally
yep so I guess we're just gonna walk
back get home say listen we have a
Segway tour coming up operation oh this
guy showing off
oh yeah we got a straggler let's see if
aztl√°n can limbo under this come on
yeah you're almost there yeah I can't do
it I think it's the back slices yeah Oh
sound okay go go go I'm holding his cone
so close hour ago
I would say right sorry me completely
for about the vlog and jammies already
I'm like seriously looking good but my
favorite is what I'm going to say
Marcel's waited 1 since we finished
husband odds yeah last night we finished
house of cards because three days
actions held yesterday member Tom so we
finished house of cards last night you
want to hold this will I make my tuna
there's a company's bulletin so autos
that we go to the end of the show as of
season two think there is going to be a
season three but they are yes Selenia um
so now what are we going to watch Reggie
man I'm gonna watch that show with
Claire Danes oh maybe we can do some
crafting crafting yeah what do you want
to crowd out huh okay wait did you want
a crap
I like crafting in the day like I only
like crafted a own eternal day days Jim
and see button only nice prompt in a day
she's not a night prospect no no are you
no no I'm not here you are tomorrow's
gonna be another fun day
yeah well we've logging again maybe
we'll probably lie we'll see how it
feels what I'm going to the modern show
we've already been to the marsh oh so we
will link to that down below if you
haven't seen it I remember vlogmas guys
does it for us they've loved us what was
it okay so I think we're just gonna
chill up the rest of night I'm going to
tidy up a little bit and don't wanna
work yeah I don't have time get I have
strength to edit any videos tonight yeah
I imported all the footage and stuff and
I've like synced up the audio set to all
eight moves half an hour yeah actually
it took longer than that yeah yeah just
testing my strength it's only fun to
help keep them going okay well we're
ending it now so you guys stay safe
yeah say bye Reggie alright what see you
later bye
