long time no see I'm back baby I am back
for a vlog it has been a while um well
it's been since Rome and that was at
least a week or two ago but I you know I
won't bore you with the details so I am
you know I'm trying to learn how to cook
you guys know I'm trying to learn how to
cook well I'm not I wouldn't say I'm
actively trying to learn how to cook but
I'm occasionally trying to cook more and
I decided I would make dinner tonight
yeah it doesn't seem like a big deal but
it is for me because I never cook dinner
I do the cleaning as one does the
cooking but today I'm gonna do the
cooking and I've been looking through my
recipe books and I think I've narrowed
it down I think we're gonna keep it
vegetarian tonight and I don't know
obviously you can't tell me your
opinions because this isn't life but I'm
going to show you what the options are
first thing I was thinking I could roast
some vegetables with apple and rosemary
that sounds interesting so I might need
to go pick up some vegetables to roast I
also thought these looked pretty good
they're potatoes and onions and you just
kind of fry them I guess in a pan just
something to fill the tank and then over
here in this book I've got this option
which is a summer tomatoes fresh herb
leaves and barely pickled red onion
salad so it looks really good I've been
loving salad lately and my camera
charger is just holding the spot here
but then I also really like the look of
this lemon dill coleslaw and fried
chicken salad so I'm not gonna be frying
any chicken although oh my god that
looks tempting but the actual coleslaw
looked really good so I have to make a
decision I can't have like a thousand
different types of salads so I need to
go to the grocery store anyway because
we have no food so I'm gonna pick up the
meal and I'm gonna go to the grocery
store and I will report back with my
cooking by the way as I was going
through my recipes of course I'm
watching my favorite Ingrid
missglamorazzi catching up on her travel
bag essentials absolutely love her you
guys know I do I don't need to say it
but you know sometimes it needs to be
said just got home from the grocery
store I didn't go to Whole Foods that's
just the bag I thought but I got lots of
stuff in here maybe I should do a little
haul by the way we
did actually get a mirror put in here I
know this is crazy isn't it because
remember before we had that little like
weird thing there but now we've got a
mirror so that's that's a lot better I
think it really reflects the light and
you probably haven't seen Reggie for a
while
come here Frenchy you're in a fog come
on show your stripes off he's like ah no
no no he's doing really well he's just
hanging out just chillin he was just
playing outside so he's a little bit
tired how's it going reg oh yeah mr.
cool here's a little grocery haul for
you I got some romaine lettuce I got
some bananas which I will promptly put
in the fruitball although I've been told
that you're not supposed to keep bananas
next to your other fruit because it
ripens the other fruit a lot faster
because they emit some sort of uh you
know gasps Reggie do you emit some sort
of a gas because certainly smells like
you do got some bean sprouts
I love bean sprouts for some reason I
just really like them this little salad
package I for some reason got a magazine
this is Women's Health magazine and I
thought this was only a thing in North
America but apparently we've got it in
the UK and sometimes it's just
interesting to read about things other
than beauty believe it or not I mean we
all know I love the beauty magazines but
you know sometimes you know I might have
some interesting recipes or you know
we'll see I got two lemons I got this
little thing of cabbage they didn't have
any pomegranates but I have been craving
pomegranates like crazy lately so I got
two packs of these ones that are already
like pre removed tomatoes apples and
that's about all I got so I think for
now I'm just going to start prepping the
recipes it's pretty early still at 3
o'clock but I might just prep it so that
I can just you know when I want to cook
it later I'll just cook it later so
that's what I'm going to do now and if I
have anything you just need to say long
way I'll be sure to let you know so I'm
just starting with this potato rosti
recipe and this is from the book river
cottage veg everyday
and basically I just peeled the potatoes
and now I'm boiling them there and
they're boiling it says you've got to
boil them and then leave them to cool
completely and then you get into the
grating and all that other stuff so I'm
just boiling those right now I just cut
up these onions whoo that is one of
those things I have I struggled quite a
bit with normally obviously aslan does
it because he wears contacts but my eyes
are burning on fire and this is still
boils not really boiling it but it's
just starting to boil I suppose so I
don't really think I can do much else
let me check
I just finished making this dressing
which tastes pretty good I have to say
so this is going to be for the coleslaw
I'm not making the chicken although I
might actually make some chicken these
are the ingredients if you want to pause
here and make it for yourself you just
literally mix all those things together
so maybe I will actually grill some
chicken to put in with the coleslaw the
potatoes are still boiling this this is
actually not too stressful for me right
now mainly because I think I'm alone
taking my time and I'm feeling good doo
doo do you guess up so I don't want to
cut any of my vegetables or anything yet
until we're ready to eat so I will
resume the cooking later on this evening
time for Reggie's little walk it's so
much more pleasant to walk in when it's
nice outside there's no flowers around
to show you but there are flowers in
bloom especially daffodils found some
flowers not too many
I hope spring is really here to stay
don't you Reggie I think he likes spring
who wouldn't oh so it's much later in
the day now it's about 6:30 at night
Aslan is still not home so I feel like
that wife is just like I've slaved away
in the kitchen all day and you're you
don't even care no no it's time I'm like
that but it's kind of like that I am
doing things in the kitchen so these are
the little potato things I just graded
the potatoes just with the cheese grater
and added some onions and then I just
formed them into these little patties
and I've got some in the pan right now
but this pans not on right now they're
just kind of resting right now
and this is the same pan that I fried
the onions in to put in with the
potatoes if this is making sense I also
made a little salad here so got some
tomatoes a cup of spinach some lettuce
leaves carrots that is about it and I
haven't made the dressing for this yet
because I don't really know what to make
and then this is just some cabbage which
is going to be for the coleslaw and I
made the dressing for that earlier so
that is that I'm still not sure if I
should cook some chicken I don't know
how hungry I was going to be and I guess
I'll just have to wait till he comes
home I'm just cooking a couple of these
and I have failed miserably one is still
slightly intact
half of this one is still intact but the
rest look like this
oh well Oh still old tastes the same I
guess but that's that hello hello you're
here
M&D it is 7 o'clock here is Aslan the
man and Reggie the man Reggie mom
ready ha ha hey like I missed you Oh bet
she he's the most loved dog anyway I
just made some of these and I tried
eating him and they sucked that should
tasted pretty good if we find out
properly I basically wasn't thinking
clearly and made two salads and weird
potato things I suppose
cabbage cars for one you shall see I
know you like coleslaw so I made this oh
wow
what's this coleslaw dressing coleslaw
dressing and hydrating also cabbage
that's it and pour that on top okay I
see you one for the savoy cabbage that's
on the kind that they had oh it is that
gonna make a big problem
I think coleslaw is no no maybes about
guys who can Travis my back it says
specifically in the book not so sad boy
haven't really done teas but this is all
that it has it's the only cows they had
yes so will that suck - um I think
we should probably cook it through a
little bit before we add the sauce then
it's warm
that's nasty could be nasty could be
like gonna have to forget about the
coolest love but try to drink the dress
maybe is that any good nice big me
mm-hmm do you like it
so anyway oh and I also like made that
salad so if we just make like a balsamic
vinegar dressing with that this was a
big fail guys I was going to title this
Essie learns to cook but I didn't really
learn anything except I once again suck
at cooking
no you learned that you can put it in I
can persevere nothing I made is edible
foil boy of coleslaw that's a deposit
sure how much good food buddy Kevin
Kevin huh he's like I don't like
vegetables vegetable anyway anything to
report on the vlog since it's been a
while
I miss drawing yeah hopefully this
weekend we will hit it back up yeah long
it up you know we're gonna be vlogging
this weekend Oh exciting news everybody
including you I booked my first driving
lesson
whoo I've got a driving lesson next week
on the 19th for a minimal manual yeah go
on my mom told me to shoot for the stars
I thing is I already drive a manual car
in Canada I have my full license so why
not just do it here why don't just get
the manual just in case when I need to
drive an item in England you have to
pass a test in manual in order to drive
a manual if you pass your test in an
automatic you can't drive a manual car
which is crazy to me
one Canada you can follow my assassin
driving my Ojeda yeah anyway I guess
this blog was just to kind of say hey
how's it going how you doing we're still
alive we're still hanging with reg we're
still doing everything making it happen
watching that house of cards oh yeah
yeah we are obsessed with house of cards
which is probably we're gonna go watch
right now there's actually not 2-inch
battery left in this camera and that is
a problem because I can't find our spare
batteries anywhere have you seen them we
will look for them tonight right it's
9:00 when we find batteries
no I was thinking maybe we should try to
make our vlogs a more regular thing like
maybe we should have set days in the
vlog channel so that we always have a
vlog up on Wednesday or Sunday or
something yeah how you feel about that
okay how about we lock it in now we have
at least one vlog week how about we lock
it in and we haven't discussed this by
the way this is on the fly discussions
get ready in the back oh just so that
you guys know we are committed yeah
touchy feely little guy tonight yeah
yeah if you guys have any preferred days
let me know and it's a Tuesday chooses a
good day okay Tuesday is vlog day and so
yeah we'll say for sure there's gonna be
a vlog on Tuesday if there's not
anything interesting going on I guess we
can just vlog a little something like
this
I'll block me cutting my toes cutting
you toes what are you talking about
like I don't got my toenails like how
many toes you cut your toes if you must
know about azen's toe cutting habits he
trims his toenails in the shape of a
daggers again as they thinks that the
only acceptable weight the trigger
toenail isn't to trim in a u-shape like
the natural looking toenail is but to
trim them straight across good make old
toenails good square you don't trim your
nails in a natural you shape your nails
in a v-shape see you shake it say you
know this is Tony Oh too much info I was
just on my Facebook page and somebody
said I have located Ashland's
doppelganger in the Atlanta Airport and
then I looked at it and I was like is
that is that him in my comment oh my god
trainers and socks are exactly the same
oh my god what the hell that is you
isn't it yeah look at this leg couldn't
this is this is me right here it's
literally like your shirt your jeans the
way you've rolled up your jeans that's
not you but the way this guy's rolled up
is G isn't it nice well I wonder what
that guy's name is I like to get in
touch so as long as had his way with the
meal I attempted to create although I'm
unsure
know so much you're unsure as well as
we'll see you could all enjoy I mean to
put potatoes ago heated I mean they're
gonna be good there's
much to that they look very crunchy and
good however Aspen took it upon himself
to fry cabbage by steam the damaged
steamed the cabbage and now the cabbage
is warm which is what makes me a little
but to be honest it's it's it's my fault
from the right for me doing so do you
become really make coleslaw from savoy
cabbage I was really trying hard to make
like a nice little meal tonight I failed
it
think this could be a nice bill a meal
will go cowboy burger tea with some
potatoes when I got the style show I
think what I'm going to have is this
salad so we have this dressing that
aslan made a day or two ago this is the
Wagamama
dressing from the Wagamama cookbook and
it's really good actually so I'm just
going to pour a little bit of this over
the salad that I made so I guess there's
one good part that came out of this
veggies like and then you also got
cooking in the kitchen that's always
good in a heat if doesn't work out as
you planned is yeah that cooking juices
flowing yeah I got what cooking juices
flowing this is how it goes whenever I
cook I'm like yeah I can definitely do
this I start acting like a chef and then
I'm like at the end I'm like this ain't
right there's something off about this
in more ways than one normally so I
guess we're just gonna enjoy this should
I put house of cards on I think so but
rather let me try this cabbage
yeah what's the verdict yeah like I like
a sauce the sauce is okay we stick it to
sunshiny yoga team no I'm just a boy
conical is perfect that would be a good
vegetable dip so I guess we'll end it
here and like Osman said earlier we will
be blogging a little bit more this
weekend and Tuesday is going to be the
uploading day for sure for sure you can
find out for sure you know on Tuesdays
we're gonna have a vlog of are you
committed to that missus thing I always
wonder what it would it be okay to
perhaps film different bits from
different days and then collate sit and
flake or what we've been doing this week
or does it have to be like one day you
always say this
I mean I quite like the suggestion
because this means it takes the pressure
off having to vlog throughout the day
and then if there's something
interesting that we're doing in the week
and then we just plug that yeah but that
I often you access when you're just
doing random things
what will it even make sense like when
you when you make a video of it like
would it even make sense
Tuesday whatever dude they afternoon and
we're we're going off to get luncheon
well is Saturday evening we're going to
the club
personally like for myself I really like
to watch like full-day vlogs but that's
just what I like to watch but yeah we're
definitely open to suggestions on how
you want to see you clearly the vlog
channel working because it's not just
our vlog Channel it's our vlog Channel
and we want to make this fun that
sounded sarcastic but we really do want
to make this fun
I'm like really keen to get going more
on the vlog Channel exactly so how much
guys would you prefer that would you
hate that would you prefer a full day
blog or can we split up throughout the
week yeah just this dressing is still
good yes miss Louise like how long does
dressing last in the fridge for well
that one the majority about as well so I
think this would last between like a
fortnight or something
a fortnight is too weak for those
Americans out there I have no idea what
a fortnight when I'm here okay anyway I
want to eat and watch um so uh see you
guys later
fine bye I was like going like this is
my new wave see foliage marker
