good morning guys I just finished
getting ready I feel like I put maybe a
little too much of that touch ah dewy
skin mist on but I'm gonna go with it
I'm gonna head out and get some
breakfast because mama be starving so I
thought I would do the douche tastic
thing and go to earth cafe because I've
been there before and I like it and I
feel comfortable there so I'm gonna go
there
thought maybe I'd show you my little
outfit okay so this is what I'm gonna
wear today this suede jacket by mokosh
which I love this light turtleneck it's
like super thin turtleneck from Orencia
these jeans are citizens of humanity
which I love because oh geez you don't
see my belly one because they have
buttons all the way down the zip and
then these boots are from a brand called
Vince which I just got and I thought
they were quite cool so that is the vibe
and I'm also going to bring my brand new
backpack which I'm so freakin excited
about it is a new little Chloe number
actually you know what this light is
really not doing it justice let me break
it over here I bought this bag maybe a
few days ago and its really like a treat
yo'self piece just because I thought I
wanted to treat myself and I don't have
to justify it but yeah this is my new
bag and I adore it so much if you guys
want to see like a what's in my backpack
video I would be happy to do that
because I really love this thing a lot
and I'll go back to the mirror and show
you I really like it so I just walking
over to the mirror I really like it
because you can wear it like this so
it's like a bag or you can use the
straps and wear it like a backpack so
yeah that's my vibe today so let's roll
okay I actually changed I got all the
way down to the lobby and I was like oh
dude comfortable so I'm just wearing the
same jacket a gray t-shirt from red SIA
and then these black jeans in the same
boots so just wanted to inform you that
this is how I do things I just live in
chaos alright guys so
I just got the most delicious-looking
breakfast it's oatmeal made with almond
milk and mixed berries and it also comes
with granola brown sugar and raisins and
then to drink
I got a in lemonade because I just
couldn't resist got my little disposable
camera here and I'm just gonna jot down
some ideas and be super productive but
I'm gonna just eat this first so I'm
just sitting here minding my own
business and I've made so many friends
like it's a very chatty up in LA it's
really cool actually because everybody's
just so nice like everybody at first I'm
like what why are they talking to me and
then number two I'm like do you actually
care what I'm saying and then I realize
yeah we're just having a human convo
it's a rare thing these days but I
learned about this guy who went to film
photography school but no longer likes
to use film and he got on his motorcycle
and drove off and so I'm tell you this
but I just am and this food is freakin
delicious highly recommend
so I'm just walking down this street and
I'm gonna go to a few of the shops here
I'm gonna go into Nasty Gal which i
think is down here and my friend
Christine recommend a store called 10 10
over 6 or something like that so I'm
gonna pop in there
in other news as I was having my
breakfast I turned around and I saw
Kanye West which was pretty freakin cool
like it was 100% him like guaranteed so
that was interesting this is la that's
pretty cool guys look at all these
chocolates come apart ace I've never
seen so many in one place before
I got Iceland the cereal bowl and a
peanut butter one so hopefully so I just
took refuge on this ledge here my
surroundings and I just wanted to show
you guys this crazy cacti garden so cool
it's so amazing I've got to kill some
time because none of the stores open
until 11 a.m. and I was quite the early
bird so I have like another 20 minutes
to kill I do have a conference call in
15 minutes so I might just wait here and
do that but um
yeah it's so beautiful can't believe I
saw Kanye pretty cool so yeah just gonna
continue chillin you can tell them very
very Zen right now so I just went into
10 over 6 and Christine was right it was
a beautiful store and I got a green coat
which I'm very excited about so now I'm
gonna keep on walking and try to find
you some other places
look at this guacamole it's like from an
ice-cream scoop or something it's
amazing I cannot wait to dig in guys I'm
starving
so my kale salad arrived I feel so
freakin healthy right now you guys don't
even know healthy porridge and now this
and my friend got this
they're like quesadilla tortilla things
which look really really good so yes all
the vegans so let's dig it
guys I was just wearing if I had
anything of my teeth
Wow life of a gay lady versus money so
and now in a car heading to a place
called three labs so I have a mint in my
mouth and it's so good um basically
we're doing a run-through for the event
tomorrow with Stella we're on a first
first-name basis now so we're gonna do
that it's gonna take a couple of hours
it should be all good I'm excited I also
put my hair up like this I don't know
but we weird enough up these two cool
guys in the elevator I don't know where
we're like no they love your hair I'm
like thank you when in LA you must go
into Trader Joe's
look at this selection of nuts oh my
gosh I should really get as with some of
these beds oh that's so cool so the real
reason I came here was to get Reggie a
couple packs of the peanut butter
flavored dog treats because he loves
them I don't if you guys remember from a
couple years ago but I got these and
they are formulated by Bradley the
beautiful greyhound and Reggie honestly
loves these I'm gonna get him two boxes
I also got him a little box of these
assorted flavors chicken cheddar cheese
bacon cheddar cheese and peanut butter
oh my gosh and I got Aslan these
chocolate coconut almonds which look
good and I think he's really gonna like
the dark chocolate covered cherries he
loves cherries all right guys I'm coming
at you from my bed because I'm so you
have no idea
jet lag be real and it'd be cruel so I
went to the Stella McCartney thing and I
asked if I could vlog behind the scenes
but they wouldn't let me I still have my
shoes on by the way I'm so lazy yeah
they wouldn't let me because they said
it's like top secret basically what I'm
doing and you'll be able to watch this
later I'm doing I'm hosting like a
Facebook live thing of
event and it's to preview the new spring
summer 2017 adidas by Stella McCartney
collection so it's really cool I got to
see everything today it is I'm not and
I'm not just saying this
it is awesome stuff so yeah and the it's
like a huge space you can see it when if
you want if you if you care if you want
to watch the Facebook live you can see
it but there's like all these different
like people doing different workouts and
stuff like that but I like in a really
really cool way so it was really
interesting to like see just like the
bare bones of what it is I think I'm
gonna see it all like really for the
first time tomorrow which would be
really cool I'm now gonna be able to
vlog tomorrow because I am getting
picked up tomorrow at 6:00 in the
morning and I'm gonna be there all day
doing lots of other stuff as well so I'm
not really gonna be able to vlog because
it's like top-secret stuff and all of
this and I'm gonna be probably be too
busy to even like be able to vlog but
I'm really looking forward to it's like
the reason I'm here to do what it's like
well I'm here for couple reasons but
yeah and carefully really looking
forward to it right now I'm very sleepy
as you saw I went to Trader Joe's right
after cuz I just wanted to pick up a
little few little things and it was kind
of on the way but yeah it's 7:30 in the
evening
la time I don't know what time that is
London time but I feel like it's late
because as when went to bed when it was
like 4:30 and it was like 10 there and
now for 35 36 37 38 38 n I don't know I
don't know if my calculations are
correct it's 2:30 in the morning UK time
I am really bad at math and I'm very
tired and I don't even know what I'm
talking about right now because I got
about 5 hours of sleep last night so I'm
just talking so I'm gonna wrap it up I
am gonna go wash my face and put my
pajamas on and have a little snackaroo
and yeah I'll see you guys later
I hope you guys have enjoyed coming out
with me in LA and I'll see you guys soon
in the next video goodbye
good night I'm just gonna fall asleep
here so comfortable but I'm gonna take
these shoes off by like literally like
could cry I don't know why I don't know
it's like jelly or what but so you guys
know I don't know if I said this but I'm
here with adidas as you guys know I'm an
adidas ambassador up so I'm doing some
stuff this week with Stella McCartney
