it is our final day in Rome so that
means it is Rome day for we're just
getting ready to leave we've kind of
been packing up and making sure that
everything is on target to leave I think
we've got to leave to go to the airport
at 6 o'clock so best just to get
everything organized before we leave
right yep husbands of the background and
screaming well uh so we're both kind of
hungry for lunch it's a little bit late
I know it's like 11:30 is it yeah it's
like 11:30 and definitely we're having a
slow start to the day today but we're on
holidays it's fine so I guess we're
gonna head out and try to find a slice
of pizza right Pizza Pizza yes anyone
because last time but yeah I'll be
filling and it'll it's you two over
there
it'll fill the tank that's a pretty soon
those I okay so see you when we have our
pizza the local pizza spots we were to
do not have any salami pizza
yesterday's best another place
anyway today we are going to go first
thing we're gonna do is go to maxi which
is a big modern art gallery that was
built or finished about five years ago
in Rome it was about took about ten
years building it it was the reason why
it's so famous is because it's an
amazing modern kind of modernist
building by as architect called zaha
hadid Wow
you know ma who is oh thanks it was an
Israeli British architect and she's got
a very famous she's she's like a like a
superstar architect and it's meant to be
just in Carroll building
we're gonna check it out I thought would
be nice to contrast like in a bit of
modern room as long isn't all about the
old stuff those look like a fun dog
picture here as well here we are at the
moxie
it's battling the icons back in full
force you know left really it's kind of
the underside of it the underbelly yeah
let's walk over there and get a better
view
oh yeah look at this oh wow Oh beautiful
beautiful concrete and stealing glass do
you love this
I do indeed ten is your inner architect
places not me but I think it is love the
overhang and the big glass right there I
think that's nice it's very beautiful
but what about you're an architect yeah
is that bulging Jana architect bulging
it's bulging it's multi no I agree I
actually really like that part
okay I see but I also really like I
don't know what you've done these yeah
yeah she said she would've no no no yeah
she's a it's kind of like kind of like a
strong ganic shape not like too woozy
but strong yeah she may even design his
chest we've got some tickets but we've
been told not to take any photos videos
inside the galleries but what out to
take videos in the general parts so
we'll
videos where we can but yeah the inside
is pretty clear stairs very nice and
like they got these kind of steel beams
that run all the way kind of throughout
the car they run it through the building
yeah the desk
it's all design on one giant piece so
now we're gonna go para bags in the clue
yes indeed
just stays going to the toilet this is a
toilet break vid I think it stays to
join us I think she's falling asleep
because it all the guy rooms got a dimly
lit they always have like this music at
a slow moving music just feeling a
little sleepy what's how am I to be
honest something that were these silver
surfers
they're pretty company the company
nothing else update we're now the top
level
and I stays rushed off because she
doesn't like these this walkway because
these metal things actually kind of
creaking we are fairly high up you know
fairly high up so when you like walk
across these they kind of creak a little
bit it's a little bit scary it's uh yeah
it's really nice space switch up here
but I really like these kind of metal
about concrete thin things run along the
ceiling a really cool really quite high
the worst is on those stairs because the
stairs because these have like a backing
to them so you can't see all the way
down to the floor but the stairs don't
so when you climb up stairs you can see
all the way down
so we spent a couple hours in the museum
and we actually got quite entranced
whilst watching one of these films which
I won't go into but it was really
interesting and now we're having a
little snack I opted for a hot chocolate
and the guy who made it spent so long
making it and it looks so good smells
amazing and you went for teeth and
that's got you
oh we have to say we are back at the
Piazza del Popolo we are now going to go
up into the boat hey steel for the
Borghese Park I have a look at the view
it's really very disempowering test a8
okay we're going oh my god
oh my god okay here we are walking
apparently we've got to walk up these
steps so let's see what's at the top I
don't know lots of palm trees around
lots of palm trees and Egyptian stuff
around here isn't there
Egyptian stuff yeah I think the guys
hold a Lebanese pine no no but these
things here right oh I see all right
guys yeah like what's this called again
a UH a sphinx we're going to go up here
get going walk walk walk
I want to see you run up those stairs
work work work I love when stone stairs
have little grooves in them but I'm you
can see this but it's like from years
and years and people walking on them it
kind of makes it more comfortable I
don't know why so here we are at the
first level and now we're going up to
this level
so let's go the cars are just going at a
crazy speed down this street let me tell
you
looks like we reached the top whoo and
here's the view this is nice up here
isn't it yeah I wonder what they're
building here maybe some sort of like a
festival or something oh wow this is a
nice view so here we are at the top that
is actually where the meetup was
yesterday let's zoom in see what's going
on down there I love to zoom Wow
what spring goes this seems a lot look
at this
peih-gee tells you
anyway yeah and then all around you can
see the rest of the city that's gonna be
background there
Wow maybe got the Vatican that's to be
the Basilica right there over in that
direction we've got the wedding cake
over there behind that as a Coliseum
pretty can't see any of that stuff
that's it that's all you get for me it's
crazy to think like we've walked from
there to there to there could you see
how far it is that's a lot of walking
here yeah cuz I didn't actually think
was that far I mean it's not that far
but I'm just saying when you see it it's
like wow let's all move over there
you've actually a vegetable yeah we
couldn't really find any place to eat
everything was closed for preparation
for dinner time so we actually ended up
at one of these places just outside of
the Pantheon so we've got slice of you
it's actually really nice sitting out
here it's quite calm nice and warm from
the heaters carbonara spaghetti again I
said what did you get
ragu ragu so just waiting to eat as you
can probably tell I'm losing steam just
finished having lunch and we got the
bill and we got screwed
not really but we're just looking at the
bill and we just were in true shock
right now like yes we know that's a
tourist place but that we really got
taken advantage of yeah I got half a
pint of beer guess how much it cost me
eight euros which is about that's good
how much is the normal play a point in
England if I'm going somewhere nice it's
a fancy probably get a pint it's like
five quid like it I'll be top so yeah
and then I got still water which was
actually a big carafe of tap water and
that cost 350 so 350 for some tap water
yeah and then the guy was like oh do you
want some bread salt pepper and Adam
thought the bread is free no that was
three pounds three euro sorry still
shoot
the pastor's we got which weren't even
that good mind how to bug in it um 15
and 16 euros each Wow are they go hungry
they know I would because I was starving
I was really losing steam but I'm back
baby I'm back
seriously I am like a vampire a little
bit of a pasta and she the background
I'm like a vampire in the sense that
when I'm hungry
I just can't function until I would
you've innate myself usually in the form
of carbs but now you would think that
our feast was done no one more time
general you're not dangerous we're going
back I'm gonna get cannolis we have to
hit that up one left I know this that's
some good stuff I stayed disappointed
you know why this is why look at this
cube this is the longest fuse
yeah how much I'm back baby I'm back oh
yes how good how good is it yeah I got
my cannoli it's not actually ice cream
it's all sort of cream filling I think
you slightly disappointed yeah I'm a
little bit you guys go back yet well I
can't let that was I'm gonna huh oh I
wish you could taste it it's so good
it's raining oh my god
get your ice cream inside mom I mean
aslan cracked under pressure he saw me
eating my delicious cone and he's like
you know what this cannoli is not
cutting it
no so he got his own cone it was so busy
mirrors unbelievable pretty much I'm
almost done my cone I probably have
chocolate over my lips but I don't care
because this is the experience you never
want to end the ice cream I have to say
now it's starting to rain and we're
going to head back to the flat and then
pack up and get cracking to the airport
so
guess we'll see you there started
raining and they decided to improvise
improvise in situations like this it's
big bird
you're looking good looking good big big
button okay let's stay someone behind me
that I know if you can see me and there
are a lot of these
interested it's gray and raining now I
think Roma said that we're leaving
I just walking over to the Spanish Steps
metro to the Central Station and take
the train to the airport that stays
there she's going soft wrapped up yeah
it's it's not flies no but we're
battling through making it no matter how
many times you travel going through
Security's always stressful experience
shops oh yeah there's lots of shop the
edgy
is food that's one to thank you
optionally plus there's pink oh yes yes
oh and oh oh man Oh My Damn
we'll get you some helmet oh and Gucci
Prada Gucci oh my god
okay okay hey way more successful este
hates monorails para - Simpsons episode
where it crashes the way this one's
looking to crash fine you just feel so
like wobbly on it yeah it is one rail
why is it wanna monorail that's right
looks like when area gg4 great area gee
looks alright already seen one food
place we're just doing a little circle
to see what our options are how about if
you guys work in airport before I always
imagined it to be like the most like
because even when you get an airport you
don't even know what time of day it is
so I can't imagine working in an airport
there's no sense of time I don't know
what is that like if anything
and also you have to go to like through
security every single time you come in
oh did I just trust you every single
time well I'm guessing yeah you only
have to go through schools at the time
yeah nobody trusts anybody in these days
how long it would take to get in and out
of work yeah I'll be a pain with me so
no nose maybe there's like tons of perks
of working at an airport maybe get like
50% off designer brands could be good
Dolce Gucci G which is no Pucci
I stay found out about the brand FUBU
the name was like oh there's Gucci as I
wait wait would she
we just grabbed a bite to eat
unfortunately mine fell on the floor
just as she was picking I got a slice of
pizza just as that she was picking it up
and fell on the floor and I was like mmm
I didn't actually see it happen so I'm
waiting for another pizza to be made
five minutes and meanwhile meanwhile
aslan is enjoying his salad a lot by the
looks of things okay is that balsamic
vinegar in the eye yeah okay I'm not
greasy enough of an olive oil that's not
gonna go oh my gosh
but he got this salad which is in a
tortilla shell no interesting
is it good this not really no
oh well so that's our dinner tonight
apparently she's going to come back and
bring my pizza got a bottle of water as
one has a beer and long brown hair
thought Laura is that like a big deal
it's quite a rare rare rich bitch it
isn't even maybe not interview all right
so I'm just gonna wait for my pizza
chill out scusi I love the way in Italy
now they serve beer everywhere like it's
not even considered like an alcoholic
drink almost it seems like wherever we
went
routine there's been beer yeah like
anywhere you go like even outside it
stalls it till ice cream I'm like random
sandwiches they sell beer as well yeah
it's very good bears everywhere I like I
like it
oh I'd meet her halfway ma'am you happy
got to bring it over yeah
a cheese here okay this is fresh though
she gave me a thumbs up when I went to
meet her halfway nice
I didn't wanna buy prevention is
involved apart I love when people give
me a thumbs up like see we're driving an
ass and let someone through and they
give him the thumbs up like yes I love
the thumbs up
it's such an international badass side
like just then she'd even sell something
like yeah like I instantly feel good is
that beard I just I love giving it I
love receiving it and now we will
commence 20 minutes of silence as se
button eats pizza yeah it says as one's
favorite time of day when I eat cuz then
I shut up but what's all this green
stuff on top oregano yes I'm gonna let
you all in on a little secret
oregano doesn't sit too well that's a
bug it's one of the spices that Isis am
it's a huh yeah one of the herbs herbs
that does not sit well in my kuchi I
can't get it
my god this is whooping this is
disgusting I can't get it
I cannot
just land in London down
yeah like lovely get feeling exhausted
feeling tired I actually went to the
bathroom on the plane inclusive care but
I got a glimpse at my skin I was like
like it's so like crusted on Nagle right
the air is just it's just that was the
longest two-hour flight ever I felt like
time was standing still it was free time
that's anyway we made the light that's
all that really matters we're pretty
tired
it's gonna head home nothing else to
report uh thoroughly enjoyed our trip
yeah absolutely good time I really
recommend anyone go to Rome yeah if you
love your history if you love your art
history like I don't really and I had a
really good time but be prepared you'll
be walking through some running shoes
because that was my first mistake
I guess we'll end it here guys enjoyed
this vlog
soon
