I stay strumming it oh my got it no uh
necklaces okay oh I wouldn't never be
able to do that behind my back like
that's impossible
that's the trick just doing it for your
life as a woman is the things you do put
down the bra no problem dishes it to
taking it off no problem put the
necklace on put the bracelet on nice
roamed 83 woke up a little bit late
again like we must really needed sleep
because we went to better what 9:30
again last night and then we woke up at
9:30 in the morning
Hey or did we go to bed later well I
think with Lulu it's like 10:00 or
something right and uh I feel great this
morning nice and relaxed so we're headed
to the Coliseum and just let you all
know I'm wearing the exact same outfit
as I was yesterday
so whatever right these are the only
clothes I brought that are warm the rest
are like summer clothes I don't know
what the hell I was thinking I brought
like a little jump so sunny out there
it's sunny but it's not hot
yeah it's drizzling so I need something
to keep me warm so you know let's just
look past the fact I'm wearing the exact
same outfit again today this one and I'm
probably gonna wear it again tomorrow so
hey-ho you know this Main Street Ricci
long
like half an hour walking down this one
Main Street and it's like this is the
most straightest street house in my life
like you alluded to a couple of miles
down clearly all way down the street so
that's pretty impressive so we're going
down to the right at the end there kind
of a white building who actually been in
having a lovely talk about a school
projects I've been telling us they about
this awesome quilt that I made when I
was about nine or ten fifty was a day at
the beach yep and it was all and I was
in charge of making the waves in the sea
and it was so good we won national
school court making competition that
year so it was pretty badass at a stable
time with all about high school projects
chat many and all of them was freaky
isn't it pretty big wine fancy the guy
who always a flat always playing at he
actually really hated it didn't they
surely turn around so you can see
looking at it again
he really hated this thing because he
said it's kind of like it's not even a
real ancient Roman thing it's not
blending in that's for sure but it is
very nice it's got a beautiful alright
just took a little pit stop and bought
some sunglasses these are literally the
best fine I don't think we've
got five
there won't be on you like what they're
like
okay perfect yes okay I just need to be
able to see I'm sick of walking around
not being able to even open my eyes so
yeah we're just going to keep on walking
these for ten euros what a rip yeah what
a rip
we tried to haggle that he wasn't going
for it
I just say one thing sometimes crossing
the street in rows scary because you got
all this traffic like streaming in like
a full speed and this is like there's no
lights at this crossing you just went to
go across and all these chat all this
time it's meant to stop for you so let's
try that why don't we
that's up stopping
that did work but it is kind of scary a
little bit oh we're in the middle of
this thing all around about pretty cool
isn't it there's that big wedding cake
as they call it here apparently wedding
cake on our way to the Colosseum was
just over there and we came across with
these lovely Roman ruins look at that
very ruinous and old and Roman and
there's actually a tour group just there
this seems like the perfect time to
mention the I think we were doing two
today you know yeah we'll go for the
tour because apparently wait look at
this moment room hard to see what you're
looking at which is kind of true look at
that I mean how do you know what this is
is our bathhouse is a school you have no
idea yeah but I think the smell like we
always
you know I was never a history buff in
school I've never liked it really is
okay but when you're here it really
makes it history come alive
that's right kids we're getting that
same passion or laughing I remember my
teacher saying that when you go see it
you know it's totally different but like
I didn't pay attention history class now
I don't know anything so well I'm out of
thousands of years ago this is the heart
of the Roman Empire this is what stuff
is going down you know well as well all
these kind of things remembered some I
think it'll be nice to get a guy to even
if they step up whatever oh yeah and
also the guy like to skip the cube so
that's another major bonus yeah that
I've shown that fruit a long time yeah
tell me about it
I think tell me about it all I've had
anything wrong is pasta and ice cream
and pizza that has been so good but I
really don't feel right yeah I feel like
I'm blocked I have a pasta blockage in
myself I seriously hope you guys don't
understand yeah we just got some
pictures taken with Roman gladiators I
stayed for about Instagram asleep or it
just popped on Instagram like a follow
me on instagram at SD button yeah and
the lion's mane the oh and lion is a 0i0
made a lot easy romaine so she got
something she's taken with the gladiator
guy it's just really fun like normally
we don't really pay that but I'm right
in Rome
exactly Roman historical
decrepid all the buildings remnants of
buildings so yeah I definitely see a
guide would be useful here because I'm
not going to know any idea what this is
so here we are at the Colosseum now the
part of the tour join join the two
hundred heroes birth maturity one piece
of mesh you already learned no the
Colosseum was covered in white marble
which unfortunately disappeared so I'm a
butler's lots people and the queue is
very long so I'm glad that we got the
guided tour worth anything it is 12
years more than the normal price for
tickets but given the key and the guy oh
my god so I actually got inside the
course in now and the queue continues
all the way up here oh my god I'm really
glad with me for the ticket skipping the
line look at this is insane
it's pretty bad so apparently this is
the original white marble that we used
and it was all over yeah so this section
survived and you can see the steps here
also had marble on it but sir put the
rest of it
marble Milan's lived at this part was
reserved as ice ice everything was
amazing across of course I'm going to be
running from Inman you know he gains
respectable to wear of night the autumn
attempted or in the promoted the holding
the solar efficient Republican ovulation
we can take the greens are to clean in
sequence the whole day okay for days and
days the Phantom's of the game lasted
for months
so this was actually all beneath the
wooden floor of the main stage of the
Colosseum so you know this would all be
covered by wooden floor and all the
spectators in seats would be up here so
there was all kind of just kind of stuff
that we behind the scenes they'd like
store all the you know when you see
gladiator there's that famous scene
where the line jumps out the floor they
like store the lines here and then you
know they throw them out pretty cool huh
so you see that cross only just above
that's where the that's where the
Emperor said we've been let loose for an
hour before the second tour of the forum
and the palantine hill actions and we
can't find the stairs to go while
there's some stairs here but they
definitely loved us
we continued walking around these other
parts here this is where the commoners
would go to see the games so if you're
poor not even poor if you're just like a
common person you got out of the top
part and then the bottom parts we should
probably see from here those parts down
there they're all reserved for the high
society this is really something I have
to say it was quite incredible to see it
when you're actually standing here it's
massive didn't you say that you could
have 300,000 people in here did you stay
back in 50 I don't know where that got
that number from we have 50,000 people
and apparently they'd be like giraffes
rhinos didn't she's it yeah giraffes I
let's talk about Josh
yeah like rhinos lying yeah and it's
such a blue day as well with a clear sky
it's really nice
we've now finished a tour of the
Coliseum now we're going to do the tour
of a car as a palantine hill often tiny
also along those lines we've got a
foreman for another
how many women in about 25 minutes and
we got to eat something and if they like
Spreaker let me do
she's happy
we've gone through some gates over here
I don't know what they are but now in
this Lobby look at it like trees shake
it up in time he'll just got a little
intro what this is about
some palace Domitian's Palace sounded
like a bit of a pimp
I mentioned before that according to the
legend Rome began on top of the Palatine
Hill there I mean he'll have different
levels of permissions Patterson I say
sorry but I've seen that Erica Troy
alright we just finished the second part
of the tour which is really interesting
actually I like the way they do their
tours they just tell give you a general
overview and a bit more detail and then
yeah let you lose do whatever you won't
I really like the big stone steps kinda
cool it feels nice to walk on it for
some reason yeah because so flatten
polishes and we know from a guy that
this is now a church for the priest who
was killed by the Emperor something
along those lines but was best thing is
this marble as you can see this dark red
yeah dark red marble here they're
estimated at 60 million euros each yeah
basically they were only found in one
single mine in Egypt and that whole mine
was completely exhausted by the Romans
and Egyptians
I got ruins to the left Ruis is a rat so
Randy
fight fight fight that's on yeah that's
like feet oh yeah how does that song go
so I'm not sure whether it was these
marble columns here or whether it was
the marble columns just over there they
are the columns for the house of virgins
the vestal virgins or something like
that yeah
basically these girls had to be virgins
from major
30:10 of 10 and then for another 35
years and they used to have to watch
this flame loose an old flame needs to
take care of that flame and if they were
on a shift and they went out they would
be killed and it would be if they became
not virgins anymore
they would be taken outside of Rome and
buried alive which is the worst thing
ever
you know actually just think about that
think about being buried alive that's
pretty horrible but then one of these
virgins actually became pregnant and
said oh I didn't have sex I just was
impregnated by the God of War Mars in
the night and I was like oh yeah well
believe you that's all good if she's
like in the old days it's not me I
suppose that's a story so it's probably
not even true but she's like you could
just make this up like you know
something happened I wasn't me a god
made me do it and then people would
believe you
you know I imagine now like if I rob the
bank
Oh Mars told me to do it last night in
the clink that's where I'd be
I stay navigating these steps very well
wearing high heels
yeah and I'm like don't you know where
you're going going to the meetup how'd
you feel as a button I feel great no I
just thought you won't get from a lot
and like to refresh yeah we grabbed a
slice of pizza and then we came back
right what'd you say we got this I saw
what pizza it's a pizza pizza and made
it and then we just had like a 20-minute
breather we're kind of tired from
earlier and now we're heading back out
going to meet up no really excited I'm
exhausted
somewhat you're walking yeah Oh like
this morning was like straight up five
thousand I'm sweet like I don't know if
this is coming across in the vlogs
probably not because sometimes I watch
our vlogs oh my gosh you're complaining
a lot because like a how tired we are
but we don't film all the walking that
we did just saying is the reason why we
took a nap is because well I didn't
think it up she doesn't know yeah well
it was it a break easier than walking ya
know sometimes you gotta just take a
little break we're not walking over to
the doctor del Popolo yeah the meetup
I hope we're happy to be late and I'm
sure it won't be and stages that have do
the once-over on me made sure everything
was looking good on my face there are
those a few problems right up you see
any SD button sir viewers over there I
don't know see this is the problem how
are we gonna even see anybody it's true
you're not gonna you know I'll tell on
you
I'll have a feeling this guy's gonna
talk to us oh my god actually quite a
few people turned up so this is better
than we expected so very good cuz
everybody I don't even a dog how do you
realize that's kind of cool I have
absolutely fallen in love with little
flora look at this oh my gosh so cute oh
yeah she's a rescue dog
so she's hanging out with you meet up so
this whole meetup crew right here Aslan
as well
oh this is so cool I was just saying
that I didn't expect even one person to
come so it's really overwhelming yeah
oh so nice oh I love dogs as you know
anybody was wondering what's going on
here these guys officially asked sue for
everybody who's in the meetup to dance
for their music video and it was
horribly embarrassing yeah we have to
dance in public in front of everybody
here
looking very pretty embarrassing Wow no
I don't just a few groups public so we
just left from the meetup and I have to
say are you truly overwhelmed there were
so many people there honestly but I just
think I'm like I did not in a million
years think that many people would come
and everybody was so nice and it was
really nice just to get to know lots of
people and there was one girl in
particular who traveled two hours to be
here which was in saying it was so nice
and yeah and another girl baked us
heart-shaped cookies yes which was you
know obviously very unnecessary but very
nice she can't wait to dig into those
later on this evening um yeah so just a
big thank you to all the people who came
to the meetup that was honestly like I
just can't believe it this is nice to be
able to like you know gets people all
get speak to people who watch the videos
yeah interact a little bit talk about
Reggie yeah they all knew and loved
Reggie let's get some ice cream now now
we're gonna get some ice cream back to
jeolla-do yeah I think that I think that
is our favourite ice cream place cuz
it's so like old-school so good I'm
gonna try and vlog in there the same
yeah we'll see if it'll sing so anyway
back to get some ice cream and we will
see you later
we're in gelati a favorite ice cream
place it's pretty cool
and if we call it here this is where all
the ice-cream flavors are literally or
yeah Oh again and again yeah
but otherwise you get a package okay
yeah sure it is incredible oh yes oh yes
I know I mentioned this last time but
words really cannot describe how bloody
amazing this is like I can't stop I
don't want to stop I can't stop what
about you it is pretty good I think it's
the atmosphere when you go inside as
well that's what makes it like yeah
that's good but it's like the shop
itself that makes it yeah and what
flavor did you get pistachio I'm sorry
coffee nice we're now just chilling out
killing time at the Piazza and we're for
we trying to kill some time because it's
not open until 6:30 so I'm we're really
praying that we can get speed nice place
because three days now yeah that day
that day lucky yeah we're just talking
about about the meetup really well yeah
I'll meet up thank you very okay and you
make it a game like you to everybody who
came we're just people watching
taking it all in one of the last days
here bringing up that Roman
wait I think it is open there's people
inside thank God and the guys are there
making it they got some serious skills
yeah serious piece of skills yeah I'm
like this service is so like actual
Roman is so funny to service hilarious
yeah so I got the special seat of a
petrified sir and I say what's the
salami yeah so so we just got out of the
Fett oh and I have to say that was the
most Italian experience I've ever had in
my entire life huh that was uh I think
it made the trip definition of Roman
services yeah if you like your service
high-end fancy French don't come to the
preferred choice but if you want you if
you like a pizza thin crispy and got
them delicious delicious the pizza was
so good I think it was also fact that
you could see the guy making the pizza
and there was photos all over the walls
of this guy from when he was really
young since we've been working there for
like 20 plus years yeah like photos from
like the late 80s something like that
like you know of him and he's been
making the pizza you could tell like the
last dogs how to make pizza yeah and
then they put it in the wood fire oven
and then they'd pull it out and it's
like hot and steamy and you get it right
to show your life yeah the crust was so
it wasn't even crust it was like this
thing layer it's so thick and water
still gets all like in the middle it
wasn't so no it was I have to say I
think that was the best food that I've
ever had in my life just the guy he's
just like yeah I don't know if he's
perfed his son or something but he's it
like he just like doesn't care he
doesn't give a crap about your feelings
he's just like there you go they're just
he sir he's like it if you try to give
like so I talked to me like not we're
heading back to your apartment now
guess which is that new vlog here right
it was a great night thanks again to
everyone who came out to the meetup it
was really amazing to meet some of you
so let's wrap up we're gonna head back
up on the bed and probably folks may be
wrapping it up
