welcome to whatever on day 2 if you
haven't seen day 1 account before day 2
that's where I was work let's link down
below why late this morning so we're
trying to hurry because we're going to
go to the back can we have pre booked
our tickets with me they're late because
we had the best sleep of our life we
didn't have really lives guys we stuff
about 11 hours and were really with it
but it was nice it was nice these
windows
they shut like this and for some reason
they create like complete darkness like
I think they were missing why is well I
was pretty close I hope once in the
night because as installed the covers
but after that I was like see those long
it's all blurry but you I'm having
breakfast on the go a little peach juice
and a little piece of biscotti you know
when in Rome
When in Rome uh I had a slight mishap
with my eyeliner and my eyes are
watering like a mobo right now but girls
you know what it's like when are you
trying to put the eyeliner on and then
you mess it up and you want to murder
something or someone just as we're about
to leave
I was talking talking talking it was
telling me Daria I was standing by the
door and Aslan just looks at me he goes
I'm like come on
yeah it is depends oh I was just not not
going I was just talking and doing
nothing else so anyway now we're looking
for the directions to get to the Vatican
let's go
food review on the go I got this peach
juice box thing is going to be good yeah
this is great
how good it tastes just like that thick
peach nectar is the Apache but I don't
think we'll actually be going inside as
I said time is of the essence this
morning too well but basically on the
inside of this building they've
constructed this white like modern
looking building over the top of what is
essentially I'd like a big cube with
lots of stone intricate carvings around
I think I don't know if it's an art or
not maybe I think it's a large sort of
thing but what I think will pop inside
there some other time but not now
let these people rowing in the river
they growing trans they couldn't see
over this day yeah yeah cool something
I've noticed about Rome is that people
but I can't even see I'm trying to I'm
trying to block the Sun especially I
can't see what having visual issue on
China for my sun block yes let's do this
I stays gonna borrow my sunglasses she
can see let's see hello
okay my eyes are so sensitive that's why
I was so mad that I forgot my glasses
anyway one thing I notice about Rome is
that everybody here seems to have a
little baby little dog and this will
shoot up dogs as well like wiener dogs
little furry dog though terriers they
are so cute and I should dog up here but
it's actually kind of a big one but yeah
Reggie would have loved it here actually
probably not it was filling up spacious
we can fill up with gas right on the
side past another yet impressive looking
building they're just everywhere in room
everywhere it really is a beautiful city
yeah you can't go like five minutes
without seeing one of these building
just like you put your head down
except you look over you're like oh wow
look at that yeah would you look at this
looks pretty nice so here's the Pope's
castle they built this in order to
protect the Pope's back in the olden
days when the road would be being
invaded and stuff in the background we
got Peter's Basilica that's where we're
headed towards and that's amore Gita
love it there it is
some beers heading towards there now we
are now in like a sea of people
gravitating towards some Peters so I
think it's going to be a huge queue we
did pre booked the tickets but I think
even though you prove a particular silic
you for the bike pretty quickly here so
hopefully it won't be too bad but it
turns to be a square
got those all those statues on top
it's just beautiful
yeah they're cute pretty long it starts
over there goes yeah and it goes all the
way up to that go of that I didn't get
to sample this which so we need to go up
to the front people look yeah sure we
should have started this earlier but
this is actually the cute again to
Sistine Chapel in the nude and the
Vatican Museum but this has been going
on for a good like five minutes lastly
we've been walking like this is just
insane I've never seen a queue this bad
but not about anything for anything but
the worst case I see the Lord will be
mad at you Sarge it'd be maybe like half
of this I'm glad we pre-booked
I'm hoping that means we get to skip
this I'm not sure so this seems to be
the much more manageable smaller queue
for people got reservoir see that's good
we'll just join the back of this queue
it's much more pleasant even though this
is not like high peak tourism time I'm
so surprised that there's so many people
here like when we came to Rome I was
like I was probably not going to be
filled with that many tourists but this
must be a year-long tourist central yeah
I think like in a month to two months
time it see it was like September times
pretty bad yeah but anyway what were you
gonna say we pre with online yeah so we
did maybe ever come to Rome we booked
free book this and the Colosseum are
those - Rudy terrible - that line would
have taken like four hours I'm sure yeah
like totes me out I hate waiting in line
doesn't sure everybody good yeah oh my
god I've never seen a busy escalator
than this is bad
escalators you look much alike
hilarious it's nice little garden down
there
going through the carpet gallery on our
way to assist each other they just
informed me that general carpets their
tapestries done don't you guys think
this looks a little bit like a salon I
can really see the resemblance do it
it's just paintings on paintings on
paintings on paintings and people are
being one people now I'm afraid I can't
be like as Lauren tell you some really
interesting facts about verse but I can
definitely do a general overview are
they ready
this
so here we have all read Matisse I
remember learning about Omron Matisse as
a kid in high school because I wasn't
really a kid but yeah my art teacher
would be loving this right now do you
want to tell the interesting fact about
honoring Matisse is the last piece of
work bargain his last piece of work was
actually a whole chapel he constructed
it I made like designed from the ground
up a whole chapel and everything inside
it so I'm wondering whether the leader
they complete look like the last for
like chapel window all right this could
have been it's like design maybe as its
actual job wow I'm so glad Aslan is
always around because she knows so many
little interesting facts about things
and it's just me bug Hank you like this
is the church they Cecilia painting this
is a but it seems to know a little bit
about everything is math
my knowledge is only an inch deep my
life
could we finally be entering it I don't
know we've been walking around for a
pretty long time all these signs I
always say a cappella Sistina and it's
never been that but I think it is
we just came across the pizzeria we're
pretty hungry it's almost lunchtime we
are going to go out for lunch later but
we both are running out of steam you
know so we're getting a slice of pizza
and a bottle of water we're going to sit
down a little break here the pizzas we
ended up going with it is a little bit
soggy
and a little bit wet and overall pretty
disgusting I would say how was yours
what's right no Tommy
yeah the pizza last night was way better
I mean this isn't likely to be expected
but yeah just saying I mean negative
lips mmm please so what do you give this
piece out of ten to two okay that's
pretty high pretty high not bad okay as
you can see obviously up to sorry we
didn't get any footage inside the
Sistine Chapel
I did try to sneak something I thought
to sneak in some footage they don't
allow you to video I'll take pictures at
I'm Sistine Chapel
I don't know why any theories about that
I think it's me I like people walking
around monitoring yeah making sure and
that this couple like little Bertha and
the guy come over is like delete delete
now quit scary
it's official
we're just exiting now and we get to go
down this spiral staircase
pretty cool I'm just like I have that
feeling where I think I'm going to drop
the camera you know that's such a we
really I hate it like I'm leaning over
the edge and feels like I'm gonna drop
the camera I better stop I feel like I'm
actually gonna drop
does that make your heart money hey
makes me feel like stuff but I hope that
this is the way to be specific as well I
reckon want to stand up long to you I
really like these columns in here all
right nice Sunday anyway we'll join the
queue I suppose and I will slowly pretty
long pretty long starts all the way over
there but I didn't make any sense but it
starts all the way over back there the
queues no one hears about it and I just
so you can take something off now
queuing this week is fine but sunny on
the go it's one of those Swiss Guards
there is you know this is cheers here
right
yeah hope you're ready for something ah
maybe I don't know um I don't know if
like every week like he doesn't mass or
something
so it's pretty cool pretty big
impressive frontage yeah the Bucks are
edifice but you know people be like oh
he's such a nerd looking forward to this
aren't you Catholic did you go to a
Catholic school I went to a Catholic
school but I'm not happy okay but I
never was you know what my family isn't
yeah okay you just put that to be the
game look at this dude I wanted ready
uniform with her monitor the shows good
aren't you
I'm Catholic ladies gentleman you
oh wow
Oh Mamma Mia Mamma Mia
this is a pretty fancy still walking
around it's pretty massive I must say so
a southern are just wondering if these
are confession booths neither of us have
seen these in real life before and
they're always having ones like always
featured in the movies and stuff I've
never seen one so that's pretty cool
Iceland it's just photographing as
always I don't know what he's taking a
picture of but we'll see I'm sure he's
got an artistic vision as I suspected
artistic vision some like chairs with
some light
she hasn't mine I'm so artsy so yeah
we're just going to continue walking
around it is it you know this is just
absolutely massive and everywhere you
turn there's something different lots of
people in here as well it's really cool
I'm glad we waited in the line because
this is like nothing I've ever seen
before
oh here look we can maybe get a close-up
of the confession booth so Oh yep it is
so I guess you go in there and there's a
little scream that you pull open when
you want to talk and then I guess
extraordin X or Deen breath room
italiano I don't know what do you think
these words mean that's where the
priests would go and this is where me
norm then the normal person could go
that's what I'm getting out of that
could be
don't worry that each place
it's called Buffett I said it's a really
touristy and it's not really well it's
very it's like a it's very established
like a legend sort of place where you go
to your pizza but because of that it's
become so touristy now that the
standards are drop a little bit but it's
so very good yeah I suppose it's like I
don't know you get placed like I London
like like the bagel bike on Brick Lane
like you know it's it's like so famous
there's lots of tourists there but it's
still like one of the best places to get
a bagel and sold these you know some
guess for me yeah so here we are back at
the pizza place that was closed last
night and it's closed again today no
explicable reason so here it is you can
see there is nobody there parently
there's this place called Monte Cristi
which is actually owned by the daughter
of the person who owns efecto so we're
gonna go there I don't know if that's
gonna be open I'm Chelsea we're at the
next one Monte Carlo and it is closed as
well guys on a Monday maybe that's like
me all the restaurants
every time I head wrestling no puzzle
yeah
oh so now we're pizza we're hitting up
ice cream first Oh to the edge I went
for pistachio Nutella and coffee Wow I
like vanilla chocolate and Oreo 20 on
top
quickly I'm on top in the cone I went to
his old school high school a lot deep
it's dripping lots of people recommended
this place called geo lofting and so we
are here and it looks pretty good they
have like amazing sweets inside so many
ice creams and lots of local Italians as
well so that's always a good sign and it
is good okay I'm dripping I gotta go
guys this is so good
you have no idea how good that's how I
remember yeah I'm getting out of it I
can't get enough I'll be back you can
tell what your face can't get enough
oh wait you just ice cream on your face
I love your lips anyway my living here
look at my hand like dripping here we
back to me back to July key and it's
like a really old school place inside
like the waiters are wearing like
special jackets like salty jackets and
filming they're really bad yeah it's
pretty cool
so we are now eating lunch because guys
can wasn't enough we got went to this
place called a francesco pasta it's time
for a pass and I won't know what pizza
basically tastes like butter is it in a
good way yeah okay we just finished our
pasta I'm feeling a little bit groggy
and full after that aren't we yep
you know how when he ate a big plate of
pasta you're like oh it's not life for
generating food is it I think you feel
really hungry it is oh you know it was
good I'm kind of wrong but like you know
that feeling afterwards it's not like
how you feel after have a salad like
nice and fresh so yeah just gonna work
it off and we're walking down the street
which has lots of antique stores yes
sweet lots of it seems closed actually
but some are open but yeah not really
our kind of antiques but you never know
we might be able to find a couple of
things so this is our view right now
we're just walking down here and yes
stores on either side we're just taking
a little breather in this square but the
thought has come to me okay so I went to
the bathroom in the last restaurant and
there were no toilet seats in the
bathroom okay just like the porcelain
toilet bowl now this has happened to me
a lot in Europe like whenever we go
anywhere I go to the bathroom and I'm
like there are no toilet seats in here
now I cannot for the life of me figure
out why in Europe a lot of places don't
have toilet seats yes food is a bit hard
like when did happen yeah in England
we've got toilet seats but I mean you're
covering anyway but just where are the
seats like why have you been removed
it's not likely that means stolen air is
anyone know how do you even see like an
coming out of the toilet yeah why would
anyone want to steal one shape is it
like for cleaning it makes it easier to
clean it that's the only logical
explanation I have this so if any of you
Europeans know why a lot of places don't
have toilet seats - I'm just so curious
yeah so let me know bazzara in Italy oh
my it is amazing it's got some of the
most beautiful things I've ever seen in
my life I wonder if all this talk will
come to London one day I hope so I
really do just cut out of bed Zara oh my
word that was one that was the nicest
Sarah I have ever been to they had such
a nice collection of stuff and I think I
ended up with this scarf
I really needed a scarf and I'm kind of
going for color lately
yeah hopefully does it look like I just
put like mustard all around my neck I
don't know what was your husband says
looks good
it's nice and warm so that's all I
really care about and I also got a top
and a necklace so really nice aura
definitely a mini hole later on ahaha
you excited I am
it is very busy by the fountain check
this out
pretty cool and for all of you listen
the choir fans out there this is the
fountain you guys know the one
okay so here we all right the fountain
base we got the Instagram selfie yeah
here is the fountain beautiful way
bigger than I thought
yeah yeah it's quite large isn't it yeah
beautiful a fountain as you can see
I think only one thing left to do put
the euro coin in there for good luck is
it happy one euro oh yeah one year right
there he wanted you in - you know you do
it hey make a wish
yes you do have to make a way
they go I think
yep
yeah nice why'd you wish for
Kanto okay the Trevi fountains very nice
wasn't it yeah as they said that was a
favorite spot so far I think so but I
think the policy it might push it oh
yeah we're doing that tomorrow I'm going
to try and reply this beats online first
yeah and I bring them up cuz we're gonna
make life easier I think
anyway now over to the Spanish Steps
because the Sun is going down sort of
set things organized
catch down I stay a little concerned
because we have I stays a little
concerned because we're going all the
way up the stairs no way we are need
going all that the stairs let's hit it
but let's do it we can do it it's not
too bad okay level two
nearly there either break
okay well look it's gray so near near
the top we can do it whoo yeah made it
oh that's pretty nice
yeah
review room wasn't worth it I think so
nice Dennis tell your dog to be nice at
pump
yeah we've been lounging around I
actually fell asleep I have an olive pit
in my mouth oh no I can just chilling
out my cheek yes um yeah we just came
back to kind of relax and then we
realized that the internet wasn't
working I'm Monica oh my god so then I
fell asleep because whenever I get
stressed I fall asleep but I did fall
asleep for like 20 minutes or so yeah
and then we woke up I my makeup is
probably everywhere is it no fine I'm
just leaving it like looking it so now
we're going out for dinner
apparently there's a place nearby no way
my new scarf again we're just gonna go
have dinner and come back really yeah
it's about seven o clock issue so that
yeah we weren't like yes they wanna see
for how long no honey we got back here
like 4:35 so we just took a turn like
regular which is essential so we got
grab some dinner see ya then we're going
to have the wrong house club just turn
down the Main Street and school anyway
and there it is over there up down along
there it is deny once again if you've
watched our vlogs a lot you will know
that this happens every time we never
have like question so kind of this one
over the 7:30 which is in about 25
minutes time very late so we walk around
you know go sometime just yeah walk
around for 10 minutes go back okay so
it's 7:30 on the nose and we've been
just wandering around aimlessly for the
past half an hour but we don't want to
go back to the restaurant exactly at
7:30 because that's late
yeah what ought to be that like would be
like standing outside the whole time
swing to get in and we'll be cool calm
collected
but I do see if you're going in oh okay
sure do go again in the right front
castrato which is a fried fish game
spice never having pasta which is
obviously delicious okay really good
 oh yes go in the carbonara what for
these big one big to be ones with the
bacon yeah okay
I did it I was lovely yeah dinner
and we're gonna head back now and I
think we might just wander around and
then just go back hit the hay we've got
another busy day tomorrow
no I'm really excited we've got the meet
up tomorrow yeah tomorrow at Sur for
that yeah I really hope one person comes
yeah I don't know how many people live
in Rome and watch our videos but I hope
at least one person come home that'll be
great and I'll have to say other
subjects until tomorrow no so we'll see
you tomorrow guys within your Colosseum
some more ancient wrote things so that
we good yeah so see you are in for an
exciting day
