here we are in Gatwick yeah South
Terminal gone through all the security
stuff estees hungry is she having
breakfast uh my paragraph the breakfast
at home we were just looking around and
there's really nothing but what are
iooks at one place have that terrible
terrible thing that it is I think
Morgan's hard to do is set our standards
so low for food right in Rome they even
know how to what kind of food we get in
Rover ice cream all day every day just
twelve thousand that breakfast was on me
so you get whatever you put next time on
her face see cuz earlier it's been ages
since I drafted second problems that's
pretty much the only thing I'll eat it
Donald that's a breakfast that's a
complete lie I love the breakfast like a
hash brown ok enough talking more
choosing I'm just Manning the fort here
got ourselves oh here she comes she's
bringing the goods oh yeah just
discussing with arms as Mark
interior-design good honest what's going
on here what is this this stone with
this horrible weird fun natural written
on top of it Oh got that post McDonald's
beating greasy I feel great
will be now popping into boots because
we need a few supplies and I stay loves
the travel-sized toiletries are yeah we
shampoo conditioner I have some calm
feeds which I like burner blisters yeah
kompy's are very good oh my god
everything so cute and small and final
times yes it is the mini heat defense
sprayed everything that's so cool no I
wanted to get some mini shampoos right
the foot kiss X is also the most
disgusting you always get these horrible
pictures of all these weird things going
on with feet like look at that look at
those curses but and they were like and
that number when you're like oh crap I
got cram everything in the one bag in
front that you produce their follically
just before the possible check got it
without muffles you happen just on the
plane now a little bit late taking up so
we have 40 minutes I was surrounded by
40 minutes classic classic Asia
not much else just to stay dice up the
drink we are officially here I don't try
I'm trying to learn some italian phrases
and words but failing miserably that
accent that i put on it's just
horrifying
well isis grad see vodka beer so uh yeah
we're just walking trying to find our
way to the hotel
yeah thing and hopefully we can find our
room we don't know whether to take the
bus or the train I quite like six
cygnets out in trains you see what is
the train is more of an adventure slash
effort is it though okay I think it
pretty much the same how things been
well take we're taking the train it is
sunny here I was starting to think maybe
I mean choices
some is out I like that pretty fancy
ticket machines like a QR code reader
pretty sweet very unlike England yeah I
get QR code readers in England do you
know so gonna pop them to changing in
Martinez I like the platform very long
let's look like these yellow shoes way
down cool
this is the thing like all over Central
Europe they have double-decker trains
but not in England because the tracks
aren't wide enough there we are we're
taking the Leonardo Express named after
Leonardo DiCaprio oh yeah exactly
we've got some time i thought i'm doing
oot i'm actually not quite key doesn't
open i feel really weird and what i love
it already like it in this good planner
jacket you guys know it is my few
leather jacket from Topshop which I love
I love this coat
top job there you go I think much only
chocolate top I
boyfriend Tom
Trust is
jeans are the top shop Jamie jeans but
they're the petite ones so they kind of
come a little bit shorter and then the
shoes as well are from Topshop and even
my socks are from Topshop Wow Oh
Topshop doubt well but the whole I think
the whole outfit looks good today like
you know and then my bag is the Rebecca
Minkoff one that I love so
ten or twelve interesting train
interesting like they've got these like
curved seats in the middle kind of a
little bill amphitheater of course the
CCTV camera up there as always the club
seats and they've got like normal kind
of like cool pod sixty yeah really good
a very comfortable seats very
comfortable I was telling Aslan before
we left that I haven't even seen the
movie Gladiator isn't that weird
that's foolish why did I watch that
before we see him at least but is that
like really accurate no sigh here's a
lot of this but you know just to get me
in that mood yeah but it's I mean a good
shot the Coliseum pretty well yeah but
I'm really excited to see that and the
Vatican you know I wonder if we'll see
the Pope in the popemobile maybe maybe
lose we cruise around well alright this
Pope is me include on the full reveal he
just goes out at night helping out the
homeless in the phone room really
Benedict
yeah just like in secret months so we'll
see there Pilate just goes out like a
couple security oh that's it
that's a classic s thing
area Roma termini you like my accent
eyes are like they're the type one we
now have to get onto the
Metro travel to spagna on the phone
pronouncing that light is SP AG na
Espania by the Spanish Steps because all
places
this time we set aside the branch are
presently different and with some extra
trying a B&B yes then a B&B plays a
small little level apartment which I've
never heard of this air BB until like a
year ago and basically what it because
you rent out someone's
flat or remember and it's different than
a hotel because you get to meet four
people and they tell you a couple things
like
a little more like honey it's like you
get to feel as a good differences a bit
yeah yes we'll try that out oh my god
damn support hey guys
nice okay here we go that's right so we
go so here we are in the platform -
Meeny sattamini what we go one minute
and then we'll be making a little span
yet the X have the accent in and it's
not it's not leaving it's not leaving -
am I saying as one that this entire
flock is gonna be missing when in Rome
and metering except get ready sure it
wedding go oh so we made it we're alive
where the Spanish Steps now place we're
staying is near a Piazza del Popolo so
we have to walk there I think it's too
far so you like pick five or something
I just figure out which direction the
heaviness always a lot of ethnicity I
would find it difficult but I've got
city maps to go and your favorite a
little thing it's moving in Tommy's
direction doesn't understand because
there's no internet it locates it via
Wi-Fi by the Wi-Fi from just all these
wife is what's around here
no just basically what it does is it
latches on and you don't need the
password to find out the location of the
Wi-Fi hotspot so just works it up by
that este suitcase is really getting a
workout so yeah we're just heading up
this street here I don't know might be
like high-end shops yes this meme you o
tell here we are in a flat flat
apartment yeah oh that was the clash of
British and Canadian arriving in flat
video that's true this is so cool
because we were talking about the Airbnb
thing and this is so much better than
hotel if you really just feel calm cool
collected it's your little space plus on
top of that I think you get a lot more
of actual like space yeah like for the
equivalent of this place per night like
the hotels in this is like so central
this is stone so from Casa de pablo ok
so see you can't these kind of like amis
farik stairs go through this door first
- with the m bathroom brother today it's
like you're being this your friends use
ok I know it is but I'm not through it
it's not the trick where I try it the
NATO needs better today ever okay you
guys having trouble because here we go
too much care gotta go thank you so the
shower just you know brand new shower
I'm going up with that just a shower
cubicle you do have a woman seems like a
large weight moving over your head oh
boy yeah brother love him that's clean
yeah and we've got two year oh no he
left his umbrella here maybe he left it
for us maybe he did you must - that's
other thing the guy who owns this is so
nice he's really nice like what we just
met him we said I would have like half
pound Chad told us like everything good
in the air like web through the map told
us all the hot spots for pizza and ice
cream then this is a kind of the main
living space you go go so for there a
little kitchen and you get your own
harbor and everything when we get the
cover it seems like he's like oh did you
get hungry there's pasta and pasta sauce
yeah super city and you know yeah so
it's lovely yeah this is the bedroom
give a little floral bedding yeah
another TV in here is a TV in the living
room TV in it now but the best thing
let's talk about the best thing about
this that's is this couple right here
the best thing is this lovely little
Terrace yeah this is just you know this
is just the plants and it's just it's
like nicely shaded it's lovely
the chairs so we're off to get some ice
cream
yeah and pizza I hope we will try and
heat up the Pantheon tonight
walk around Pantheon old city center
Rome let's make it happen
do it we're just walking through the
streets as you can see I have hit up the
ice cream
oh my Nellie and you too
I'm not gonna lie the stereotype is true
the ice cream here is pretty goddamn
good oh my gosh so of course I came here
for the pizza and the ice cream but when
we were walking past the ice cream place
the guy who were renting a room from he
was in there having ice cream and it was
so funny cuz really gonna die Jojo
we're like really having the full
Italian experience a lady was so nice
and I was try out all the different
flavors told everyone linked like where
the arts professionals that's amore
Gianna forgot emoticon yeah and we tried
all the fun a little but pretty much all
the flavors and I ended up on like a
cookies and cream and a scoop of oh
honey fennel and liquorice that's like
nothing I've ever had before
I was not what did you get I got peanuts
I wanted to try that means I have
peanuts and baklava oh my god that boy
to see the peanut one of us really I
just should have brought elasticated
clothing because shits gonna get real on
this trip let me tell you that real just
realized that stays in heaven
ice cream I'd make up but the support
was here I don't need anything but just
like before
we were walking around and I was like oh
god it's so freezing and I didn't
actually bring a single sweater because
I for some reason thought it was gonna
be really hot here it's not cool but
it's not hot so anyway I went into H&M
and I got this gray sweater and I think
it's actually quite cute it doesn't look
too weird because I don't know I don't
know about these things
yeah it looks good as warm and I feel a
lot more comfortable now so we're still
heading to the Pantheon now I'm feel all
that stays very hungry so I'll have to
grab a snack on the way and you're
hungry no no no some reason I stopped
you
no ice cream doesn't kill me and Oh to
the end of the G there's a Chico there's
a Kiko store right there ladies I know
you know what I'm talking about
let's keko keko what is cheap it's
makeup so we're just heading down this
main big street and all the way down
it's next to street all the designer
shops this here's our first of the
ancient Rome monuments slash places of
interest this big column I can't
remember the name of it but the
interesting thing about this column is
that it has like a story engraved all
the way up so you can follow it
unlike the bottom and you can go around
and it sounds like a whole story really
yeah and I would survive for so long
without becoming a conciliating so tall
and especially I mean like the the
actual patterns and the intricate like
engraving how that's survived without
weathering yeah we get allows our for
you guys
and here we are I love this because
we're kind of getting like a little
sneak peek right now shut down this like
little thin street and right or you can
see it through the gap there
yeah and it very much just felt like
thousand years ago it's the best example
of ancient Roman architecture that
actually preserved very well so this has
been around 4,000 years so when you go
in my knees just like it isn't going
well to think that somebody looks at the
technology got us out
it looks literally straight moving it
yeah looks pretty cool
going into the hump down now
see these are kind of the old bricks
that are starting to crumble away look
at that there's that big 9 meter wide
gap at the top there it's 9 meters and
just imagine they'd built this thousands
of years ago and it's so still like so
incredibly impressive now I'm just
looking at it on the camera and it's
nothing yeah Gong you can compare agree
one of the first ruins is this ruin no
it's very well-kept ruin okay I've been
in have been like wow I actually feel it
because it's already that ruining this
is pretty cool I just saw a lady filling
up her water bottle here so I guess this
is clean drinking water would you drink
that water
not even ago now oh my gosh okay oh my
god drinking water oh right from it oh I
need doesn't get it's okay
we finally located the pizza place that
the guy were renting the flat from
suggested to us and it was closed
Oh every time we go to a different
country everything is closed
especially the restaurants they're
always written closed but there is a
light at the end of the tunnel it's
going to be opened back up by 6:30
tonight however we haven't eaten since
breakfast and that was not like 7:00
maybe no it's four o'clock now so I just
I just you know should see JC I know
some sort of a tourist place yeah
probably
and we're just gonna get some pizza
there and then maybe you can go back
around to at 6:30 exactly just water
pizzas pretty hungry boy I'm actually
zoning out I know you are so now right
now stand right into the light so let's
go down
so his Pizza number one of the evening
all right yeah you went put out the
average spice the Veroni I went for a
sausage add mushroom
we finished our meal and then the
waitress comes over with two shots of
this some sort of mysterious liquor as
you can see as it is were two shots I
just can't like if I could just show you
guys the scent of this oh my god
but yeah we're just wondering if this is
gonna be on our bills special thing is
it is on the bill how can I have a big
deal on the tip anyway because they
expect us like oh yeah yeah great
service yeah yeah oh dear
you're drunk aren't you they didn't put
the shots on the bill no there's a free
treat very nice although their tactic
does work if I felt like I need to leave
a very healthy tip because of that like
you know like when somebody gives you
like free booze
I can't stick them with it like even a
normal tip wouldn't seem crap in that
case so writing I think we are we're
gonna head on the way back on the way
home because we're both pretty exhausted
remember you have been a week since five
yeah that's really shitty but we will on
the way back hit up this one little
church which has some amazing Carvajal
paintings when it's got like three big
kavagi paintings so hopefully over it's
over it is Sunday so it should be open
in theory so yeah
lovely little fountain is big square I
don't know what the name of square is
but it is quite famous
I think it's on all the guidebooks and
here we approach the elusive nightwalker
in this mating ritual with fellow
nightwalker we've got another fountain
the place of a novelist
here we are coming up to it the cheese
are the sands Luigi death haunts it's a
sort of a French church Larry so here we
have the cover one on this wall one on
there I'm guessing one enough wall that
was nice wasn't it yeah quite quite some
paintings yeah they're they're always a
lot bigger than you take for a lot
smaller
it goes one way or the other studies a
lot big now we're in the supermarket now
time to pick up some water
yeah wants other things how do you say
still in Italian didn't know I think
this is FF SNP that must means mineral
water well you can see if it still or
not can't you that's still no it's not
so this is ever sent a nutter out
naturally sparking so maybe this one
here well just laying here in silence
looking for suitable sort of exhausted
I've just realised that it's been like
maybe like an hour no no alright half an
hour of just silence it as an ID so you
yeah come you're tired of me yeah well
you're my body as snores yours a little
bit so I'm gonna take a shower tonight
I'd rather wake up tomorrow early yeah
get some good breakfast make our way
down to the Vatican the Vatican
yeah that's me Betty again that again so
before we even get into the food can I
just comment on the plastic bags they
feel different they feel smooth they
feel more kind of matte finish soft
rubbery I like it I like it a lot I wish
this I think is because they're
biodegradable yeah
kindda waffle sponge thing cheese
crackers cheese and peppers savory snack
me I got some more uh kinder I got this
bag of olives nice they should be good I
love all those um I got these Pesce this
good what are these
peach juice boxes oh nice nice yes good
you know just to like really just get a
little sugar boobs halfway through the
day or something oh my gosh you got
these two yeah one more can the bars but
with Surrey alley in the middle with a
cereal filling yogurt I got myself a
Muller other model offers English but
very mac off your mother okay this is a
ricotta ricotta me like a small ricotta
thing I got these I don't know what they
are I think it's like some sort of fun
it's Scottie can I try now
yeah
I like ya the country is like cereal the
fact that they're not chocolaty good
yeah okay that's good water bottles no
and also this this is funky this is milk
in this sort of bottle interesting
that's me boys I've got this got some
light will looks like sort of salami I
just don't know you might have them with
crackers he'll be good man in Rome okay
yeah okay to say goodbye for tonight
see you tomorrow okay with that Jean I'm
gonna say oh I like
