hello everybody I was not planning on
doing a little vlog today but here we go
we're at the BRIT Awards pretty cray
pretty cray to say the least and I'm
here with my friends and Amelia Lilly
and we're having a really cool time guys
I've never been to anything like this
I'm I'm kind of nervous
I'm here with Amelia and I hope you can
hear us so I might have to talk a little
bit closer we are at this I don't know
what area this is but we're having
dinner very fancy and very very cool
like gonna enjoy our little meal here
I'm trying to get a drum so yeah it
could happen make it happen
deserts has arrived at some sort of
cappuccino thing look at the pretty girl
oh oh the shuttle crew it's a little bit
dark I hope you can hear me we've just
walked into the actual arena where we're
going to be watching the performance and
we're so close to the stage it's
actually crazy because you obviously
watch this on TV but when you're here
you're like my god that's close I'm
waiting for Beyonce this is a freaky
dream come true for me right now I'm
here with the rest of the girls Amelia
and Lilly else paying attention but yeah
so I'm going to show you the arena so
you can see the magnitude of this place
there's a bit of a better view now so
this is guys were pretty close so that's
I guess the main stage and there's
another stage that you can't really see
I guess this is where this very
important here I haven't spotted any
celebrity but you know I'm sure there
go to the Brit Awards 2014 and this
got room back there she's just chilling
out like the show
you're just leaving the vo - it was a
great night we're a little bit shaky now
yeah but feet are killing us it was a
really good night and I have we're just
going to find some calves our bums just
touched it was a really good fun it was
a once-in-a-lifetime AFRL yeah Burrell
was the last and it was good you know
how I feel about it's the day after the
Brits and back to reality just chilling
in the kitchen you know no longer in the
high heels in the cool dress no no no I
wasn't actually planning on vlogging the
Brits mainly because I didn't think
you'd be able to hear anything or see
anything so I didn't even bring my
camera cuz I was like oh like I won't be
able to film anything anyway and then
when I got there was like oh I really
wish I brought my camera so then I
wanted to use my phone my phone was
completely out of capacity even though I
deleted all the pictures on it before I
went so I had to delete all my apps and
all my music off my phone and luckily I
got some footage well you've already
seen that footage I realized I didn't do
an outfit of the day in the video but
I'll insert some photos of what I was
wearing
right about now as I'm speaking my dress
was from a place called three-floor and
my shoes were from Topshop and I yeah I
didn't really know what to wear to this
sort of thing but I'll do a close-up now
of my dress it's not actually this like
bright blue in real life I don't know
why it's going like that but I'll leave
a link to this down below if you're
interested in buying it for yourself and
they've got better images of this
clearly this is not the best angle but I
thought it was really nice dress because
it was black but it also had some colour
in it and I liked the flowers I thought
it was cool and then at the back oops
before I forget it has this leather zip
all the way down which is the nice
detail I think and the shoes I wore were
from top top so late - those down below
I was as you know I was with Amelia Anna
and Lily and they were all blogging and
doing videos as well and I think I did a
little outfit of the day in some of
their videos I can't really remember but
I'll link to their videos down below as
well if you want to see a different view
of the Brits and yeah
a really good time but the reason I was
actually at the Brits was because Revlon
decided to take me I guess they were a
sponsor and they had extra seats and
stuff so they invited a few bloggers and
yes I just want to say thanks to Revlon
of course it was really cool never in a
million years did I think I'd be going
to something like that and as I was
there I was actually getting quite
emotional because you know all of these
things are happening because of YouTube
and all that stuff and obviously all of
this YouTube stuff is happening because
of you guys and it's just it's a
beautiful thing so I just want to thank
everybody again who I feel like I'm
doing an acceptance speech here I'm not
but you know I feel like I don't say it
enough thanks to everybody who watches
my videos and supports my videos it is
freaking amazing and there were so many
nice comments and all of my pictures
from last night on Instagram and Twitter
and it just means a lot to me and I'm
getting emotional here Oh God again
again but yeah so thank you to you guys
and thank you to Revlon and that's all
I'm gonna say right now I am hungry I'm
gonna have breakfast and oh my god
Beyonce was such a pimp honestly she was
so I just love Beyonce that's the first
time I've ever seen
Beyonce in real life I guess I could say
and she did her performance and then
like 10 minutes later she instagrammed a
picture of herself in her dress and like
these sneakers getting on to a private
plane leaving and I was just like you
pimp she's so cool she's flies in for
the song does the like best song ever
and then gets on a plane and that's
that's Beyonce right there so that was
pretty cool one more thing kind of
exciting Aslan and I have decided to
take a little trip to Rome so we're
gonna go to Rome on Saturday till Monday
or Tuesday I'm pretty sure we're staying
for three days and we really want to do
a meet-up if any of you watching this
are from Rome and I don't know if any of
you guys live in Rome I have no idea but
we should have some spare time to do a
quick little Meetup
which I think would be really fun so if
any of you know a good meeting location
in Rome obviously I've never been there
it has to be kind of an open area let us
know and let me know if you live in
Roman
you'd be interested in coming to
something like that because if not then
we definitely won't do it because you
know meet up with just as other 9 nobody
else that's not really a meet up is it
let me know if you live in Rome make
sure you follow me on Twitter and
Facebook if you want to be in the know
about where that meetup is gonna be I'm
gonna be announcing it on Twitter and
Facebook I probably won't be able to
upload any vlogs before then so make
sure you check out Twitter and Facebook
if you're interested so that is all I
want to say about that exciting times
and I hope you're having a good day and
I will see you soon
bye hello Reggie and poor Reggie you're
not going to Rome you're not going to
Rome are you no they're my shoes by the
way I hope Reggie hasn't tried to attack
them so anyway there's your Reggie fix
for the day say hi guys bye guys
