another day another vlog it is Saturday
again I feel like we pretty much only
vlog on the weekends is that right
yeah pretty much as long as deep are you
telling me you're the world's best typer
I am pretty good I mean okay okay let's
list it let's do a little more testing
shall we okay so what would you like
meat okay take this okay let me get your
fingers on the keys and you're not gonna
look at the screen no ready nice
today we're going shopping maybe to
Topshop and out for lunch lunch today we
are going shopping maybe to Topshop and
out for lunch lunch screwed up so yeah
that's okay that's pretty good yeah yeah
that's good now let's should I try
honestly you know you better
no not it it was really stormy last
night after that boring boring intro
we're going shopping so no I'm not
shopping but it's great we're just going
into town I guess yeah it's really windy
outside it's like such a crazy storm and
when I was walking Reggie this morning
there was like this big recycling thing
knocked over and all these trees were
knocked over we're having like a big
windstorm here so we were gonna take
Reggie to the park but it's just too
windy and he doesn't really like it
anyway well he doesn't like the wind he
likes going to the park so I think we'll
take him to the park tomorrow here's
Reggie speak of the devil he's like oh
okay up for nothing yesterday was
Valentine's Day we had a nice little yes
we did nice as one hates Valentine's Day
no I just feel like Valentine's Day is
really gender disbalance like it's much
more
even those meant to be liked but they
have celebration for all of us but you
know the guy ends up having to do all
this stuff basically I'm saying it's
unfair a and B no B just angels I'm just
a just an stuff regardless we had a
really good night so if you're
interested to see what we got up to I
did do a blog post on that which I will
link down below in the description box
we did get a new camera it's like the
upgrade of the camera that we were using
this is called the canon s120 s120 and
so far so good but the thing is is that
the microphone is a like in a weird spot
so hopefully I'm not covering the
microphone all day today I hope because
I think I just did yeah okay well I I
saw a model I see you doing oh my god am
i yeah yeah
oh god so even we saw a mod online we
have to do that like attentional piece
of plastic or Thomas oh yeah because
normally like you'd hold your fingers
just I don't know what if the sound
club's going in and out that's why but
I'm gonna consciously try not to do it
I'm going to being cute today I need to
pick up some other supplies and we also
need to pick up some key box the end
what's epoxy like he pops it like a
super strong glue yeah and I need to go
to Topshop because I don't know if I've
announced this yet but I'm going to the
Brit Awards I'm really excited about it
cuz I've obviously never been to
anything like the Brit Awards in my life
but with that comes the fact that I need
to get some sort of an outfit and high
heels I don't actually own any like
proper high heels so I need to get some
shoes today I've already found a dress
but I'm a little bit like
I don't know if it's the right one but
I've been looking for ages I just can't
find what so I'm gonna go with the one
that I'm going with so anyway we'll
report back later mine okay I think
we're finally heading out I'm basically
suffocated by my only scarf as always I
love it I love that feeling
that's a nice coffee went huh is that
the only scoff you went yes it's my
favorite scarf it's the warmest scarf
well for years I had that blue one which
she called ugly I said it was my ugliest
car so I changed Scarpa
yeah this is I like this one it's nice
really they had a purple one - it's like
a lavender color and it's just like
every day I'm like why didn't I get that
one cuz this was only like $8 kentucky
that this is on sale mistakes mistakes
you learn what's what's right you're
doing let's see what you do buddy you
eating a pig's ear you creeper I like to
give a big zipper for we go is just
saying hmm ignore the thousands of
Reggie's toys everywhere this is his
room this is his bedroom right yeah
maybe later on tonight we'll do the tea
the Devi Steve we can do the day here oh
yeah I promise they're on today we will
do this evil and incorporating this well
I feel like we've done this blog before
but we're heading to yella yella one of
our favorites Lebanese places he's
Lebanese right yep yeah and it's all
after reports pretty windy pretty cool
kind of raining okay
pomegranate lemonade it is a winner it
was a big winner in my books don't you
think
autofocus isn't isn't working out so
well there we go
Matus this is so good athlete little
parts of like he does stuff in it this
is what is it
this is hummus with kebab on top and
some pita bread for the digging my
chicken wrap was just delivered and it
looks amazing and I asked for excited
garlic mayo garlic mayo and we were just
saying oh they didn't don't light on
that which I am a very appreciative of
how's everything it's all good
the breads a little stale can't complain
though it's pretty good
what's up yeah if you ever want to be
that they didn't mean us there
and you're happy to have sort of garlic
mayonnaise exotic sources here is some
fried fish I will not be enjoying any of
it as I'm saying it's pretty good deal
considering it's like five pounds
something and you get like this massive
plate of it pretty big pretty big plate
and then these things yum yum yum
there's like a big time photo session
going on over there anyway we came
across this little window enough bling
and that's really yeah it's a lot of
bling acne let me see it it's kind of
our only good acne is normally like
fancy bling they don't really yeah maybe
that's oh so crazy this art stuff
did you miss me did you miss me Reggie
hello hello we slightly lonely maybe
friends what were you up to this whole
time playing with your vicuna playing
you with your squirrel give me a
squirrel oh oh don't you want your
squirrel big fick I'll have both please
so we just got back Aslan actually went
to B&Q on his own to get the glue or
whatever he wanted to get but I just
wanted to come home hang with Reggie so
he should be joining us soon I've
already gotten to my leggings because
I'm ready to get comfortable there
wasn't really to vlog in town we just
went to a couple of stores and didn't
really get much just about the shoes
that I needed
excuse the squeaking that's his favorite
pastime anyway I still can
he really does love those squeaking toys
anyway I'm gonna plan out how I'm going
to film my nighttime skincare routine
and I've got to edit a video that's
gonna go up tomorrow morning Oh also I
guess I can talk about my hair so I got
my hair done yesterday you probably
can't even be able to tell but I just
got a trim and then I got a couple of
blonde pieces put in the front it's very
subtle and most of the blonde is like
underneath I don't even know if you'll
be able to tell that it's any different
and when my hair just are actually dried
my hair is like okay maybe this is
actually a bit too subtle 'yes I just
think about it and if you want a bit
more blonde you can come back in so I
think it is just a little bit too subtle
and I want some more I want some blonde
in my hair you know so I called him and
he said that it's fine I'm gonna go in
next week and get some more blonde put
in so I just I really did want kind of a
change and this is a bit too subtle even
though I like it a lot I think I'm just
gonna go for a little bit more you know
I'm saying not too crazy but just the
same thing just a little bit more
obvious so okay I'm gonna make some tea
now and try to plan out my video and I
will talk to you later
what are you doing Reggie is something
bothering you is something making you
alert you beauty oh that way that he
sits is hilarious it's so funny kids
there's like a gap between the floor and
his bum close-up on Reggie's balls
nobody cares
he doesn't have balls anyway no he loves
getting his ears scratched so as on his
back from being cue with two pieces of
wood and some other stuff here and I've
just been informed that he's taking on
quite the project management project
basically I've got a lot of us as this
sides in the front right tells you where
the
things and you can get them for lots of
different locations and I still find on
eBay which is a hole so it's an actual
hole bus sign that is all along the
underground lines that's kind of nice
and colorful but anyway it's just a sign
and I need to make wooden dowels and
neither items only so he's making dowels
yeah now I have not heard of making your
own dowels I know you can buy dowels
but aslan is a carpenter oh so you're
not gonna make them round oh I was
picturing as I'm like trying to make
these like sadness and I was like oh so
you're just gonna cut it in half yeah
girls girls tell me are your boyfriend's
husband's partners are they doing this
stuff I feel like I'm the wife on home
improvement you ever seen that show yeah
it's like a show where the husband is
like a on a home improvement show and
he's always like terrorizing the house I
feel like you're turning into Tim Allen
not terrorizing I'm just terrorizing
this piece of wood okay but mark my
words one thing leads to the next and
next thing you know we're gonna have a
whole wall out
but speaking of terrorizing the place I
have royally messed up I don't know if
I've ever shown you guys my big ring
light which I used to film I dropped it
and it shattered all over the floor and
it is completely broken and it really
sucks cuz nothing was pretty expensive
yeah but it's like the main buddy's
teaches me to be in a rush anyway I'm
trying to film my nighttime skincare
routine trying to calm down get in the
Zen mode because I'm really kind of
flustered about that but hopefully we
can find out a filming arrangement
because it's pretty dark out and then
we're trying to light the bathroom which
is quite small so you can always see the
lights in the mirrors and this is very
boring youtuber stuff but we'll see
we'll see I just finished filming my
evening skincare routine and now I think
is finally the time for the David's tea
hold finally finally it's here there's
been going on since Christmas
we're gonna do it but now we're actually
gonna be drinking so paul davids this is
from David's tea right here this is what
what time that's pro-grade this is the
cream of grey something what's the cool
Organic cream a real grade oh yeah but
do you like this program I do like this
Scoob okay because a is like an
alligator stations government of vanilla
flavor to it which is enjoyable I feel
like you don't need to add sugar to this
and now sweet you know a little bit of
milk and it's yeah I love vanilla I like
vanilla too but I feel like it's like
fake vanilla you know that's why thank
you that's what it tastes like to me
anyway what's next on that on the whole
okay I think my personal favorite it's
either chai on light or secret weapon
one of the two tanks yours so let's
start with try and Life OK chime 19 kind
of like an Indian tribe but brought back
a little bit not so cool spice but the
cinnamon still comes through a chai
you're getting India but not as intense
so that's why I like it so it's it's
still clean tasting I feel but it's got
a little bit of like exciting flavor
okay and what about secret weapon secret
weapon
another white see the reason why like
this is good almonds in it it says
almonds licorice and goji berries just
kind of I could make some like that yeah
I think David's tea is like all about
adding things to stuff like this look at
the ingredients it's got quite a few
ingredients in there so it's not just
tea you see yeah well it's got it's
white tea almonds orange peel goji
berries - cow licorice root blue
cornflowers that's it you know there's
no like artificial
ya know this is an artificial but I'm
just saying like they like to mix nuts
in and other things like that
this is probably the favorite one for me
I really like to have iced tea so I
wanted to get some fruity teas to make
iced tea with and this is queen of tarts
so you can see the ingredients there I
mean this has stevia in it which I do
try to stay away from artificial
sweeteners that are full of chemical so
I just think like why does this have
stevia in it am I being too harsh here
guys
I don't know anyway besides the stevia
aspect I like the taste of this Allah
and it makes a really good
iced tea it's kind of like a sour e
sweet kind of very kind of thing and
it's really good actually I would get
this again but stevia why why I then the
rest of them just run through the
quickly this is a green matcha tea I
actually get to try this because I'm
scared I could never walk and every
whether to just you have to whisk it
what is a matcha
it's just a green tea that's really
intensified so it's kind of like a real
kick to it I have how much tea in the
past and I have enjoyed it but I haven't
made this because you have to put the
extra effort and I've been lazy yeah Wow
super super long I've tried this this is
an average for me you just like get
along see with a bit of citrus flavor in
it so faithfully I think it's we've got
some orange oils in it
that's way but I don't think is anything
special this nice time mango lassi I
thought I'd really like this it's got
like real mango in it orange vanilla
macam while but I didn't not a big fund
and it doesn't taste that great it's a
little bit too tart and not enough mango
flavor to me for me and this I didn't
like at all
this is called organic goldrush has got
Marlboros coconut and white nettle tea
it just I don't know it just smells like
some sweet and almost kind of a little
bit alcoholic edge to it really or
whether it be like fermenting in here or
something that so clearly we're not like
over the moon with David's tea it was
there were some that were really good I
think it like if I lived in Canada I
would get like the tiny tiny amounts and
just like I tried
one or two cups of these you can buy it
by weight you can literally buy like a
cups worth it see yeah and I think I
would also just let ya try it in the
store instead you know cuz you can buy
tea in the store because you know tea is
quite a personal thing you never know
what you're gonna like until you try it
obviously and it smells totally
different in the bags so you can't
really go by scent either and we were
just kind of overwhelmed and I think we
maybe chose the wrong flavors for our
personal taste buds do right yeah I
really like this queen of tarts actually
it makes amazing iced tea so that's good
and we also got one called
brought this mode I don't know where it
is but it's like the licorice chamomile
one that's really good I still prefer my
tea pigs liquorice and peppermint
because it's got more of a sweetness to
it but that one's good too I kinda like
a tea experience my best tea experience
like tea buying experiences that made
Minna Davis tea yeah it was so fun I
don't know if you remember from our
Christmas vlogs but we had such a good
time with the girl who worked at David's
tea it was just like really fun and they
have like I got a couple of mugs from
David's tea which I love I use them all
time I really like their accessories
what are we gonna do now I'm going to
edit my video which has to go up
tomorrow it's a tutorial video what are
you doing working with dolls
oh just finished editing my video and it
is now exporting 7% we don't really have
a plan of action now I'm really cold
this has been a very boring vlog we are
so sorry that we're such boring people
but it's the weekend and we were just
kind of up for chilling out I think both
of us kind of have a busy week up ahead
and Reggie has a very busy week up ahead
not really but you know him he's always
relaxed and eaten doing stuff like that
it's 8:30 o'clock at night it's 8:30
o'clock is that how you say it no 8:30
at night so I might just see if I can
find something interesting on TV are you
up for that
just chill out he's sleepy and his
pillow
Disney likes do this pillow is his
favorite thing to sneak one cutie bud
we're just watching a Channel 4
documentary bad dogs and Reggie's very
interested
we think they're speaking to you a Hindi
speaking to you
do you nobody from the baking show Cake
Boss
he's got another show what's so funny
it's a gig boss
oh thanks
reiji's down here China he did not like
the dog show so we had to turn it but
anyway you know Elgin the TV might as
well just end this vlog bigger day this
is gonna happen today big boy yeah he's
not no he's like he's like joy see it's
a joy Savoy
okay I should stop it guys what this is
the most disgusting brownie me I would
taste it
Wow what was the worst I can do
Nigerians I press the home button press
the home button right now then press
this Skype take off your clothes take
off your clothes I can do a Russian
accent it's okay because I am from
Kazakhstan and people speak in the trash
hello my name is Oleg I come from Moscow
is that good is that the good there are
some X then I can also do south
afternoon hey boy don't be cheeky with
me now a maths teacher uses his action
from Zimbabwe Texas a fairly similar
know that soon hey boy don't be cheeky
now you can't get away with this now
this is the Russian again I go back to
the lesson and back to the South Africa
he'll do
that they can possibly do in like five
minutes hmm it's crazy how good people
are at some accents it's true it's very
good but that's not what we're giving
you tonight
oh look cake boss is back okay bye see
you later
