hello and good morning it is Monday
morning I'm just moving my breakfast
because I was going to sit there but I'm
going to sit here so I'm just gonna
wrangle my tea over I'm having a mint
peppermint and licorice tea in my candy
mug yum yum yum and I'm having some
porridge now I tried to resist the brown
sugar I tried but it just didn't happen
but I know it looks like a lot but it
was actually just like one teaspoon
sprinkled trying to justify it here but
you know pour it it's okay and I really
like these plates because they have like
a lip on them so the milk doesn't pour
over and I don't know I just like eating
porridge on plates call me crazy I
thought I'd vlog today because we didn't
actually get around to vlogging on the
weekend we were going to and then we
just didn't and oh I remember why
because Aslan was not feeling well um he
was a party animal and he went out to
two Club this is very unlike him and me
I didn't go I you know obviously I
didn't go one of his friends is moving
away to New York so it was like they're
going away party and he stayed out in
till 4:30 in the morning and I I'm
assuming he he had some alcohol
consumption which is totally fine cuz
he's of age but it's just funny when
like you don't usually go out and party
and then you do and then it's just like
wow wow he slept in till about 3 o'clock
the next day so I pretty much spent the
entire day just like cleaning and like
doing my own thing which was you know it
was actually kind of nice I'm not gonna
lie it was like I was just you know I
was just cleaning reading a book it was
almost spa-like nice to have a little
rest on a Saturday and yesterday what
did we do yesterday I can't even
remember obviously nothing too important
because I can't remember what it was so
I'm gonna have my breakfast and maybe
watch something on TV quickly that I'm
gonna go have a shower and get ready
Reggie wasn't here his left right there
in his bed he just had his breakfast but
he's not there anymore Reggie Reggie you
come
hi red are you doing in there anyway
stretching what were you doing there oh
say hello you're good you hungry again
no still having breakfast but what do
you guys think of new girl the show I
don't know if I'm legally allowed to
show this clip but it is on TV I don't
know but what do you guys think of this
show is it good is it lame I don't know
I know people love Zooey Deschanel some
people can't stand her I'm on the fence
I think I like her I could learn to love
her I love her style I wish I could
dress like that I wish I looked like
that but you know Reggie loves cardboard
you just can't get enough voucher as
let's try to open up this back kitchen
he's just going right for it you can see
it his eyes he just wants it so bad he
has never destroyed any of our furniture
or anything like that though it's just
paper I just finished getting ready and
I thought I would be like the ultimate
blogger blogger and do an outfit of the
day but I can't figure out an angle that
works because I've got all this stuff
here and I just can't move it right now
anyway I thought I'd show you what I'm
wearing just did a few curls in my hair
kind of messy like this maybe that's
better kind of messy and I'm wearing
this like boyfriend talk that I love I
featured this in my last video which was
my closet confidential tag video which
everybody seems to love so I was really
happy with that actually that was really
a fun video too for me to film anyway
I'm wearing this top these are the Jaime
jeans by Topshop but I'm thinking of
changing the boots because they look a
little bit much like I'm starting to
think maybe these boots are evening
boots I don't know if you can see them
but they're kind of this is upside down
you're probably very dizzy but they're
kind of taller like they're taller than
your average ankle foots so I think
they're kind of more like evening boots
so I'm going to change my shoes and get
cracking in a minute I decided to wear
these shoes because the boots were a
little bit much I might wear the boots
later on tonight but what the hell socks
do I wear with these I've got these
trousers that are like kind of short so
my sock is going to show but these
things are
frickin weird as you can see this looks
weird obviously my feet aren't in the
shoes properly but this just looks weird
I need I've tried for different pair of
socks I don't know what to do okay I'm
going to do a quick oh oh TD I'm about
to leave this is the official OOTD I
figured out the sock situation okay got
my usual coat this is from cause this is
my scarf from Topshop that every time I
wear it people tend to love it I know I
shouldn't probably have the camera over
my face like this but you know I'm still
learning still learning
Topshop top Jaime jeans excuse the
ladder and these are my shoes they're
from churches I've featured these before
a little different I feel very British
in these I don't know I don't know but I
like them kind of different you know in
case you're wondering where I'm going
I'm going for a little lunch a little
beauty blogger lunch with ana from
Viviana does makeup Lily from Lily
pebbles Amelia from Amelia Liana and I
think that's it I think that's it plus
me so if I can vlog during the lunch I
will but if not well we'll see what
happens in the next clip won't we
finish having lunch and I'm here with
the rest of the beauty bloggers and it
is raining it is raining bad
we have Amelia Lily Anna you might not
recognize this but you know this is
helping so and of course but the famous
last words I said aw it's not gonna rain
today so get it right and it's pouring
rain I'm gonna need the clip when I get
home I am okay I'm ending it here
goodbye hello Reggie Oh back with reg
look at you I just gave him a pig's ear
and he's very happy he's been laying
down and eating it which is very unlike
him oh my god Richie let's try to
swallow it whole he's been so lazy
lately like I don't know he's just so
sleepy all the time more than usual but
you want to be stand-up to eat that it's
so funny isn't it dan Stanton
oh damn
what are you doing um just browsing than
that gonna get some tea I'm making you
some nice cheap lunch time for you yeah
how did it with you I'm gonna prepare
myself uh yeah another great gravy yeah
it's a killer it started raining well
you saw the clip before this it was
pissing it down I'm so British missing
it today the weather's been really weird
like not British people lots of little
earlier yeah but today the way that has
been the weirdest I think I've ever oh
so far this year like in the morning was
okay and then like for half an hour it
was so great like yeah merely sorry like
see like if that like in the middle of
night something and now it's sunny so
yep
sunny so let's make this tea here we go
exciting stuff everybody
oh that's fogging it up that is kind of
exciting not really but kind of Reggie's
not really up for walking too much today
he wants to go home he's only been out
for about five minutes and he's already
trying to turn around and go home so I
don't know what to do with him he's so
sleepy maybe you might stir it up a bit
you can probably hear Reggie drinking
drinking up a storm there he goes I
completely forgot to give him any water
it was so terrible yeah awesome like I
get home and I'm like oh wow no water in
his bowl I was like I better fill this
up everybody's been drinking for the
past like five hours I'll be giving
shakes and stuff oh that's bad
how long has that been going on for I
filled up his water at lunchtime so I
mean yes like you know it pays um what
are those shoes doing there that's what
I need to know um I washed my trainers
yeah I'll do that
did you like if they start to smell I
just put them in the wash come on we
know they've changed cards with the P
key great so hopefully your day normally
but
we are sometimes you know you seek watch
your trainers because they're small it's
not right it's not a lot them so there
you go and then you need to drive okay
simple as that
can you guys do that mom does it that's
why I do it you realize I've been
zooming in and out right oh you are yeah
oh my god every time do with you I've
been a really bad vlogger today like
this is the worst I've ever been
Hey you don't even know yeah yeah so
I've logged your I know well I
actually feel really bad about it but I
walked Reggie and now I I walked Reggie
and that's the last I've logged but I've
since gone out for dinner had a little
love dinner meeting if you want to call
it that but I couldn't really vlog there
anyway so I couldn't I just couldn't you
know there was nothing really to be said
I was in kind of a hurry the tube was
delayed like by 15 or 20 minutes so I
thought it was gonna be late
I wasn't like it was really nice lovely
little dinner I had oh god I have like
these mini cheeseburger um what are they
called like sliders but basically like
just they were appetizers like miniature
cheeseburgers no words no words they
were so better than a real sized
cheeseburger I'm still reminiscing with
that anyway uh yeah so that was a good
little evening I'm really tired today
it's been kind of a long day it probably
doesn't seem like it has been cuz I only
did like two things but it has been and
I've been doing other things as well
that I just haven't been blogging
because I'm so bad at blogging this is C
I'm saying blogging instead of vlogging
that my biggest pet peeve that's hard
sometimes like people in my family say I
like to watch your blogs and I'm like
you read my blog you watch my vlogs
right do you know what I'm talking about
I didn't know I don't have but it's a
little bit like it's a little too
negative it's like I know it is it's
like it would be like um it's like
potato potato except not no it's not
it'll be something like a :
misconception like you know like like
it's a professional I know I know what
it's like stationary and stationary the
spelling difference yeah
Oh like spelling
practice yeah the legal practice
spelling now with an S instead of F but
this isn't spelling this is speaking so
it's like talkers it's very so like it
was right
it doesn't actually bother me but just
sometimes when I see it I'm like oh you
mean vlog not vlog like I don't think
like you idiot you stupid I don't think
that I just think oh my God look at this
this chaos oh my god yes so messy in
here yeah oh my god it's like really
messy I got to get on this right now
anyway I don't really have much more to
say I hope you guys enjoyed this vlog
because I want to this hope you guys
really loved watching this blog yeah
kill Z doesn't matter yeah oh my god
tell them about your insane one trip as
you did the other day it was bring I
think that was the that was the highest
ratio of bags to hand I think honestly
he had about 25 bags
you wanted my bag I had roughly on the
stronger last time six bags I'm a
weekend at about four so but these bags
were filled with like milk juice like
heavy stuff yeah yeah anyway I'm gonna
end it here
I've already undone my pants so I hope
you guys don't get a glimpse of that
Reggie is just over here he seems to be
wound up about something
what's up reg alright Reggie do you want
to say goodnight to the blog say
goodnight to the blog and do it for real
now time to do some cleaning and
organize and what time is it oh my god
it's it's 11:15 mmm it's 11:15 I'm wired
I had some wine tonight three sips wait
what yeah red wine three sips oh my god
burn my throat burn my throat oh yeah oh
yeah
yeah maybe I'm drunk yeah this is why
this why not you saying blondes in a lot
maybe that's why I'm drunk I'm not drunk
but you guys know I don't drink and I
had the waiter actually just said like
come on like have a little fun and I was
like no it's a gala
oh so I had a couple of steps but I just
don't like it I just don't like the
taste my head is proud and come to think
of it only caught in my trunk
hang already the fuss oh my god I'm not
John you tell me you had red one is it
got the whole oh you and I had three
sips of wine no I also drank like four
hundred glasses of water oh my god now
you can really see the disaster Wow Wow
it's crazy that is why life gets in the
way sometimes you know okay so I will
see you guys in the next vlog hopefully
it's gonna be something interesting
did you do it buzz yes please subscribe
to my blog channel thumbs up this blog
we do wiki blogs with you I'm not ready
we feature Reggie in our blogs is this
joke dead am i killing a dead noise
right now yeah came to this place okay
bye bye bye
