good evening ladies young long time I
see and we will be doing another episode
of cooking with Ashland a featuring our
guests as he won you would knows me by
this outfit also how our fellow guests
Reggie button or Ricky Falcon as we do
because he's a good is racing name was
Skywalker Falcon clearly his surname is
Falcon so he's now ready Falcon let's
have a look on my to cook Bordeaux by
the way this is a lovely picture stager
of me this thing loves to draw these
pictures of me she gets all the
important parts bright big lips my
birthmark above my lip and my hairy
shoulders right there she loves to you
know before that all the time no you
have to make fun of my hair it shows my
attributes I've got my to cook board
unless so we're cooking today from Hugh
Foley wincing stalls veg every day and
the noodle salad which some page 71 so
let's have a look there I go we're
making a hobby you know tea noodly salad
so this is how it should look
we'll see if it looks like that and
let's get started you've caught me in
the act
god I hope so just ahead the reason why
we're eating a salad of trying to eat a
healthier meal for dinners because
meanest a of both the we're both went to
the gym the other day yeah you but you
say it like we're we should be proud
we've been literally we can barely move
we did this body pump class which was
like a lot of squats with a lot of
weight and as soon as we woke up in the
morning I was just like can you move
your leg you like no reach purple just
like oh yeah Manus taya we go in a world
of pain today just walked away
I feel like frickin legs like going
downstairs and just like oh and as I was
like is this what it feels like to be
like 90 years old and I imagined it yeah
that's horrible unless we have yeah I
like my arm I got away if you can see
but I can't it really hurts me to
straighten my arm like I'm go ahead do
it we seem like such babies but honestly
like that was hard and it's even it is
painful okay your peanuts are smoking
and you never do it right well yeah um
we're trying to be healthy jimang and
it's it's her certain is bad oh god I
can't even open this orange juice
container thank God
I haven't actually um I'm so weak God
use those muscles
oh yeah oh that body pump been working
for you hasn't it okay yeah I'm really
glad I haven't actually needed to walk
next to somebody on the stairs today you
know how in life something that happens
yeah go from plate if I may to be with
somebody else and you take the stairs
I'm glad I hasn't happened to me today
who's that would be embarrassing even
walking Reggie we were just like oh I
had to like force him to slow it down
because normally we would do quite a
brisk walk but I can't really walk that
risky today's okay here let's see what
you're made of
let's concentrate on the dressing first
so we want to get two tablespoons of
rice vinegar there the infamous 2
tablespoons of rice vinegar the grated
zest and juice of one or half a lemon
meanest a quite like lemon so I think
it'll put a whole lemon there's a juice
and zest of one lemon
well actually the zest of half a lemon -
wanna go overboard pop right in there
then we need one small red chilli finely
chopped very mild medium
tailored to the British taste sort of
chillies a little bit a whole lot of
these in here the contents of one shop
red chilli so you can put that in there
one crushed garlic 1 teaspoon of soft
brown sugar one teaspoon of toasted
sesame oil
a half a teaspoon of soy sauce okay once
you got everything in there gonna need
to whisk it all up give it a good old
whisk okay so given the whisk that our
dressing ready so let's concentrate on
making the main body of the salad okay
so to make up the salad we have half a
cucumber that's been finely sliced
75 grams of roasted and salted peanuts
the recipe does ask for 200 grams of
noodles fine egg noodles or Thai rice
noodles but I've already put 100 as
we're trying to keep it a little bit
healthier so I've got 100 grams of fine
egg noodles
I got 150 grams of Monge 2 for spring
onions that have been generously chopped
off both sides you know don't get rid of
the end and slice finely diagonally then
we have 12 leaves of basil that been
torn up in an artistic manner we have a
bunch of coriander chopped up and then a
bunch of mint as well chopped up as
things first cook your noodles I already
cooked mine I'm just keeping them fresh
in some cold water then get a pot of
water on the boil and then get your
March to and just plop them in but you
don't want to keep them in there for too
long
literally I'm gonna keep doing that just
for two minutes just to soften up a
little bit okay once they've been in
there for two minutes you have to drain
them and the key is excuse the messy
sink area kids drain them and then put
them in cold water by putting them in
cold water you're gonna keep them from
overcooking so once you've got them cold
water to keep them there for about a
minute to let them cool down and then
just drain again and put in a bowl okay
get your noodles drain them or whatever
just get them ready put them in a big
bowl the biggest bowl they have then add
to this your whisked dressing so let's
just get that dressing put it in here
and toss it all together and then as far
as I can tell from the instructions just
add everything else into the bowl and
toss it all off I mean I don't
altogether and toss it round now we've
got everything in there but you know
what I'm gonna make this recipe my own
screw you Hugh I want to you know add a
little bit of other dimension to it I'll
of tangerines oranges and salad so I'm
just going to peel this chop it up nice
and thin I'm going to put it in there
gave up my addition in there now
got some tangerine so I think it's just
time to toss it all together
now let's plate it up so here's my
version
here's Hugh's version whose is better I
have to say judging from the fact that I
only put 100 grams of noodles and this
picture there is way too many suggested
noodles in this recipe
in fact I'll probably use even less I
would maybe using 80 or 75 grams of
noodles because on this picture there
aren't that many noodles and yeah 200
grams noodles would be too much so if
you're going to make this recipe just
use 100 275 grams 200 grams of noodles
no more but we're to tuck in and see
what it's like it looks really amazing I
never call it pasta salad like this
before
mmm it was kind of very Asian influenced
and this is a vegetarian recipe you know
me if you want to make it vegan you can
always substitute the egg noodles some
rice noodles and use a substitute for
the second on soy sauce spicy orange
they're just like bit into the orange
this army is spicy was a spicy but it's
like I knew something that I was like an
orange and I was very confused for a
second there I said okay well let's give
us you and it's good see what the
opinion is when I watching a card action
so this is my cue to talk Elevens yeah I
really liked actually it's a good mix of
kind of conflicting flavors you've got
the saltiness of the soy sauce you got
the sweetness of the tangerine and the
brown sugar you got the crunchiness and
kind of I'm a kind of fattiness of the
peanuts but the earthiness of the herbs
good isn't it although I stay says this
is too spicy for her so you know if
you're not a big spice lab let me just
put in half a chili yeah that's it you
can also if you crave that salt you can
put some soy sauce on the top and you
eat it okay that's good but weird to
have passed a cold for me no okay but
yeah it's good
okay a kind of light is refreshing salad
that also fills you up hmm
very good all right let's go back to the
Kardashians now
