good morning there's a Reggie wagging
his tail like crazy ah Saturday morning
so you know what it means taking Reggie
to the park yeah Reggie got a new leash
this is just his Park leash and it's one
of these ones that it expands now it did
take him a while to get used to it but I
think he's kind of kind of loving it
this is safe by the way for large dogs I
got the specific for large jogs for
large dogs it's a specific giant flexi
so dog up to fifty kilograms this is
heavy this thing heavy-duty
sugar right oh I mean I hope it what's
happen because here the benefit of it is
eight meters long so in the park he in
theory should be able to go out there
but as you can see Reggie you probably
won't he likes to stay close by doesn't
he and a dog well they didn't attack him
but they jumped up on him the other day
and so that's why his coat sturdy
haven't had time to wash it so he's
doing good though oh I swear every time
we come to the park it starts to rain
just as we get there oh I hate walking
around in the ring it's so cold and we
forgot the umbrellas but um it's okay
it's okay I definitely want to go back
to that market and get some of that
chicken noodle soup I got last weekend
it is so freakin good so I'm gonna see
if they have any left a couple of people
have asked me in the last vlog they just
left comments and stuff saying what is
the status of your driving driver's
license so um I did get my like a
written test part of the license done
but I still need to take lessons and
then take the actual test where you're
in the car with someone and they're like
looking at you driving and they're
testing you on your skills so last
weekend I said to myself self on Monday
you're going to book those driving
lessons and mime Monday came or one that
didn't happen and then I called
yesterday and they didn't have a driver
where I lived so now I've got to try to
find another driving school and it's
just kind of one of those things that
I'm not being very proactive about it
but I'm hoping I can research find a
driving school that's close by to me and
I can book it on Monday for real this
time
so I've got to start the driving lesson
I'm kind of nervous I'm not going to lie
it's just I think the process is
probably going to take me longer than I
thought and then it's just finding the
time to like take the to our lessons and
stuff so yeah we shall see if we try to
book that soon but I will keep you guys
updated on my driver's license progress
there's nothing more satisfying than
walking in puddles when you've got
Wellington's done
is there something so that oh it's
beautiful
Oscar nominations came out that's quite
interesting really good films this year
on there I was very surprised like
normally Oscar nominations come out mica
terms of movies this year maybe there's
one or two I want to see this year every
single movie I really want to see we've
got gravity we've got what you don't get
Oscar stuff like okay what's an award
show I know what is but it's the actual
movies that they pick I haven't seen any
of them yeah but what I feel like every
year they make movies that just came out
so do directors like purposefully not
hit the movie set to before well I mean
that's a lesson you get out Frank you've
got to get outrageous okay that's true
but oh my husband off rages Dallas bars
Cosby not crazy okay okay I get it I'm
wrong but I just seems like but maybe
that's just cuz I don't watch a lot of
movies but I always feel like I haven't
even seen that yeah that's true I
wouldn't touch like I haven't seen a
single movie on that list so like this
yet what movies I want to see I want to
see gravity probably the slave Dallas
buyers club huh American hustle
Philomena Nebraska okay now you're just
saying list yeah well that's what I mean
like every single one of these movie I
want to see and they're all like
nominees for best movie and yeah they're
all like this year has been a
particularly good pick I think
yeah great
freakin Adam Sandler movie world-class
film pretty great and she does exactly
like that great that was that
sucked
oh yeah this year I think the music
simply great and I want to see something
soon yeah so maybe tonight we'll watch
one how do we watch a movie that Lisa's
not in the cinema se button ah I guess
we'll have to wait till I get that on
DVD yes Dini / blu-ray what do you guys
think did you are you fans of the movies
that I paid for this year for the Oscars
do you hate them are they're all a
little bit too boring in the drama ass
leo gonna win yeah we'll live finally
get Oscar I mean to be honest it's just
been like so long that if he doesn't get
it it wouldn't surprise me
maybe he just pissed off the the Oscar
people once like you know maybe he likes
Patton one of their faces
yeah sure wolf of Wall Street but uh
release the Beast release the Beast and
I'm not talking about Reggie Gordie
Gordie look at this what happened every
single time it's like ugh I want to go
home I want to go home take me home he
slowly warms up to it
get a read get him Reggie Reggie Reggie
mad mad mad mad mad mad mad mad walking
mud walking mud try not to fall in the
mud I always loved Aslan's dog walking
outfit he's got the parka the tracky
bottoms let's keep it full black just
give chic you know who's keeping chic
keep it classy and Reggie's just well
he's got the Sidewinder his coat is like
yeah he's really coming off the sickest
call Sedo me yeah take his coat off a
bit more up for running Oh Reggie
Oh Reggie oh you no shame you're naked
naked yeah yeah hopefully he doesn't lay
down in the mud and roll around like a
hog house like treating him like a bull
like you know those bull fighting people
where they read but wave the red flag I
don't think it's working
we found another Greyhound named Bonnie
and they seem to be running quite well I
think Reggie might go for it not sure
yet oh good
oh it's so nice to find another
greyhound and there's such lovely owners
as well and oh my gosh there goes Bonnie
and Reggie's still bit a bit unsure so
we just aggregated the dog area and said
goodbye to Bonnie the cutest and most
beautiful little black female greyhound
and she was really really nice dog help
and Reggie's quite liked it in you
Reggie Reggie's love his drug yeah again
again
forget Gracie's ah yeah he's a player
and they were like they got on really
well like they stay meshed well I think
yeah it's true and and the others were
super nice as well and
yeah we got a few contacts about fellow
Greyhound errs in the area would so
Rachel might be going with quite a few
blind dates so I got myself a pocket
spelled be okay I T it's kind of a wrap
is it Jamaican no it's actually from
Guadeloupe which is apparently well
looper has French inspired Caribbean
cooking it's kind of a pizza bread and
they've got the kind of their
interpretation of jerk chicken I suppose
and there's some salad and I tell you
it's spicy it's like it's really spicy
off-screen I'm just back here like
choking up a storm because I just had to
bite really good but very squeaky and he
says that's only four out of five on the
spicy yummy the scale he was like which
one spices one out of five my god that's
our four so next weekend are you gonna
go for a five um no I don't think so I
did ask him is just like a white person
for a genuine Ford there's an actual
book should be ready for it
so here we are at the market that we
visit on several mornings and we want to
a Hannah was a viewer a fellow Reggie
lover
I believe did you spot Reggie first no I
thought yeah every time I'm just I'm the
beacon to his face yeah yeah I was just
taking a massive bite out of that
what's a cold bomb and my mouth was on
fire and all yours hello like oh my god
obviously I can't swallow this and like
not burn my throat um but yeah we've
just been chatting because she's here
working for the RSPB
which I can never remember the way that
those so with the biggest and
conservation organization Europe
so hedgehogs and otters
hedgehogs is only a me
if we don't do anything budget it could
be extinct in ten years
oh never - ten years oh yeah you never
hear people - I know exactly slight like
lions and tigers sections lions and
tigers work yeah but I get they're cute
very cute and if you guys are interested
in the RSPB we'll we'll put a link down
in the description box click on that and
the reason why I had was his because the
RSPB actually has a stand here in the
market and because you're saying because
not many people know that the RSPB
actually does more than just protection
of birds I suppose they're just trying
to get the word out and they've got some
literature there and they've got cute
really cute stuffed toys and Reggie
being Reggie his love for stuffed toys
he's right here he's been he's been
eyeing up this this orangutan I can tell
I'm trying to trying to keep him back
his Reggie he can barely even move he's
so tired he's refusing he's refusing to
it's funny he was just like oh gosh
thank you like drawn up a little I can't
go on not possibly no more okay we're
nearly there
let's just finish that bucket god that
was good that was good I think the thing
that makes the difference is that
they're not like normal pizzas they are
deep fried breads like you know like
elephant is but mental better that's
what makes a big difference amazing so
we dropped off reg at home and now we're
off again being the busy bees that we
are on a Saturday
ah the Swedes are very nice and busy
this is we are late so we're just at
home the thing that we're going to
starts in 15 minutes
yeah and it's gonna take us what how
long to get there no hop now at least
that's okay we'll make it we'll make it
it's fine it's a screening of several
short films and I think the theme that
connects the Moors that they're all
based in North America the reason why
we're going to this is because our
friend Emily who is Canadian and she's
got an amazing YouTube channel seriously
it's a good it is art what she does and
she is a she went to film school and
she's actually got one of her films in
this set so yeah I don't want to miss it
plus I mean it's also set in the cousin
and so hope so it's you know we get to
the tube station and it is closed we are
screwed there is no way we're going to
get that in time now and the next one is
so far away anyway we had to try to find
a cab we've got pelo and it's coming now
so so if you'll break it on time but I'm
not sure he's talking to movie theaters
late that like some sort of disgusting
thing a person can do there's all my
fault
that's not it's our fault we must spend
so much time in the market that freaking
thing you had to get that thing I'm
kidding I was so good
oh it's the RSPCA yeah baby oh yeah God
our eyes PV hey Joker
so we're out now just all the entire
90-minute thing yep
there was a seven-year moon down here no
no you okay why not
yeah it's good so home anyway it was
really amazing to see everybody was
filmed but especially Emily's oh yeah
it was actually very very good very
short I knew sort of what it was about
but I didn't really so yeah it was
really good Emily
yeah the movie was called the water's
fine and I will lick Emily's channel in
the description box below definitely go
check her out it'll be the best
discovery you'll make in 2014 mm-hmm
anyway we're gonna go grab a quick my
tea and then head home quickly to Reggie
we're back to Oaxaca which is when we
first went to Korea which is Japanese
noodle bar closed and then 4-way Burger
Kitchen not worried about me now on this
burger too long and then virus too long
as well so I really like these with
little spiral lights does it is
spiraling in life form
some chicken
we love water and we were a little
naughty as you might say got some choice
at the end cinnamon oh my heart yeah but
you dip it in the chocolate
you got the little skinny one
little baby boy we're back oh he's
excited because he wants this food are
you having chicken are you having
chickens again please yes please
the tale tells the tale yes
last night we got around to painting the
corkboard white and here it is painted
it did a pretty good job I think
s-stay was he's very same boy yeah it
looks good yeah it's good it would have
put it up tonight I think yeah oh yeah
sorry lad oh well we're actually needle
I can just if we clear the stuff out of
standard encounter and then yeah then
we'll implement the plan into action you
may think that the fun is over for
tonight where you'll be mistaken
where are we headed bnq oh yeah just
that's the shop not some sort of trendy
club with the main thank you thanks I'm
just taking a little - second moment
under my blanket this is my column the
blue couch is your calm couch I love
this couch yeah that's just for a couple
of seconds leave a Reggie man over there
he's just munching away at a pig's ear
give him a pig's ear because I brushed
his teeth that's what he gets says his
pigs as his teeth brushing reward so we
are going to go because we've got some
home improvement to do now what was the
reason for them to being you where would
I get the wood filler Oh easy had some
wood filler where he stays it shells in
the study we got some shelves up and
we've got to paint them and stuff we
might paint them tonight well times baby
well fill them tonight at least met and
Rio and I yeah mmm Oh power tool
my least favorite stores in the world I
know it's so thank you so terrible
it's not that any home improvement store
yeah it's like my worst nightmare Oh
home decor decided to pop into as death
right here
Asda love it it's a grocery store for
those of you who don't know and I think
we've got to pick up some food for
Reggie and we don't know no I might get
some strawberries yes something wild
basically well for tonight Saturday
night you know what I mean something
wild yeah maybe we'll get some back home
now we didn't actually get anything
exciting from the grocery store we got
some blackberries strawberries
nectarines and some frozen chicken for
Reggie so wild wild times and what are
you what are you doing
just to get my drilling what's the drill
for drill holes in this wall oh yeah
we're putting the cork board up here so
guess you're gonna do that do you need
my assistance for that already no I
listened to some Kanye West I know okay
that's good because I really want to go
take a bath so can I go take a bath yeah
okay good so I'm gonna go take a bath so
just finish putting up the board what
you reckon guys how does that look how's
that like evening it seems like it needs
a bit more on this side needs to kind of
move over just a little bit you know
maybe I'll need to do that but we'll see
all see if I stay notices you doesn't
know what whoops leave it be but yeah I
think it is good I think that least
we've got something on that wall there
you know it's not just a big blank so I
think that's good go on I photos will to
put them up on there nice so I'm gonna
stay study now and then wishing only
films so we've got these shelves put in
I just got to fill the front because
then we're gonna be sending them down
and painting them so job number two for
tonight
I stood up now the edges are a little
rough but when I send it down hopefully
it should be okay painting maybe
tomorrow let it dry overnight
so I guess Azen has been hard at work I
know I'm looking dead sexy right now you
don't even know the half of it well why
don't I show
do I really want to do this this is
going to be all over the internet I can
already see it now had a bath and
feeling really good I'm feeling very
relaxed just gonna do a little oh oh TD
I'm in my nightgown I have my slippers
on which by the way are dying they have
a massive hole in them here I'm wearing
my thick multicolored wool socks and I'm
also wearing a nightgown mm-hmm
the nightgown says I moose wake up and
it is a picture of a moose who is trying
to wake up seriously guys
it doesn't get sexier than this no no no
no it does not first of all I am a
little bit annoyed that he put pushpins
through my photos we can see the videos
away since you can't secure them any
other way but I have had my fair share
of cork boards and I normally just put
the pin to the side and then it's the
left hole but I did already tell I won
please don't put the pins through the
pictures a lot of work you know it's not
it's not massive feel I'm not I'm not
mad or anything um but just overall look
of it I don't know I think it's kind of
weird the kitchen runs the kitchen do
you like it it's all right like if you
love this I wouldn't have a problem
keeping it no no I think we're gonna
live with this you're making me look
like the bad guy here well we'll have to
live with that for a little bit and then
see how it works out whether we ain't
wrong hey yeah I guess this is like
behind-the-scenes work but whenever we
introduce something new to our home
usually one of us hates it we have to
put something there but I just don't
know if this is the thing I think it
does look cheap I think you're right
that's he said that earlier to me and it
looks a little bit tacky it looks a
little bit college dorm room that's what
it looks like that I think maybe because
it's white yeah if we painted it the
wool I think that would help whatever we
get it has to be
and I'm kind of bored lining it one
thing it doesn't matter though
whenever I've hang anything up that
stays like that's quick I do think this
is crooked I I think this is slightly
crooked the top that's all yeah three
wonder screaming is this piece of wood
he isn't strange oh yeah oh my god you
know I I don't know do you guys care
about this probably no but this is a big
decision for us on the Saturday night
Saturday night yes I like the way you
move be my baby baby in other words so I
guess we will be ending it now do you
anything else to say oh let's just
address the David Steele
oh we will be doing a David's tea hole
soon I know we said that like a couple
weeks ago but we wanted to try them
before we did all so we could say if it
was good or not yeah I mean there's no
pun day holed up having knowledge of it
yeah and yeah we've tried most them now
so we're gonna we just have to find the
time that's been kind of a weird amount
of time basically we will see you guys
later
sweet dreams hopefully your jelly of my
nightgown very and we'll see you later
101 Malloy what was that word boy I want
no bonnet wash on apply yeah it's like
horrible but then and also bonsoir
bonsoir you heard it here first okay
feeling why
