well good evening ladies and gentlemen
join us on a hungry hungry and hangry
Wednesday evening Mad say is I stays in
charge of the show tonight she will be
making us dinner
I just want to say oh god I like to eat
five and I haven't even had lunch yet
and I was gonna have dinner didn't I say
don't worry we're gonna have dinner you
said have a snack until dinner who eats
at 4:30
nobody's the fourth who does that there
is the lady who's been making our dinner
tonight and I've got I prepared all the
ingredients just for her you know I've
made sure everything's laid out in the
simplest way possible so all she has to
do is just follow the instructions using
a recipe that I got on recommendation of
Nikki Phillippi who I love the recipe is
cajun chicken pasta from the Pioneer
Woman and Nikki says that this is like
the best cajun chicken recipe ever so
I've never had cajun chicken we don't
actually have half the ingredients for
it but yeah we didn't have an actual
Cajun powder but I use peri-peri powder
add a little bit of spiciness to it a
little bit yeah
I don't cook but tonight okay large
skillet on a high heat so get that
twisted baby twist that knob nice got
that it's firing up now what you want to
do is get that a a teaspoon of this one
teaspoon of that pop it in there we're
using that olive oil that we got in
Canada from that amazing taste shop that
specialize in that fancy olive oil and
obvious and salads before and it's
really nice I know this is extra virgin
olive oil you're not Technium into using
cooking but we're combining it with
butter so when you combine olive oil
butter for cooking it it it works it
works well link to this olive oil place
down below if you live in Canada cos
tablespoon of butter so what that's
smaller than right there yeah you want
to get that you kind of ready yeah
thanks I can't even go
okay so start spreading it all around
okay so that's all melted let that heat
for about 20 seconds on the grab the
chicken and pop it in have it all in
yeah baby just put it all in it's gonna
burn no I'm just the one I now spread it
equally all over the pan now you want to
get it nicely spread out and you're not
gonna touch it for at least a minute
just leave it be for at least a minute
keep it on high heat
after a minute we really want to flip
these bad boys so flip them all stringy
bits on my hand guard by hand so the
reason why you don't want to touch them
for that one minute so they get a little
bit of color in them so you see those
pieces it's a bit of brown bit of black
on them that's a warning bit of that
Cajun flavor come on man up man up you
can do it man up after another minute
you want to get a slotted spoon just
over there for you
and you want to take these babies out
onto a plate oh yeah
when I just turn down the heat a little
bit like we've done and add the
remaining butter so add another
tablespoon of butter and about a
tablespoon of olive oil so that's fine
that's fine keep on going baby don't
worry about it you're gonna do just fine
you're in good hands all right
yeah people go ahead keep oh that's good
now we're gonna add the peppers and the
onions and the garlic so you're just pop
that in there just you can do all that
quickly quickly quickly oh I can hear
maybe work it all of it no no the pepper
okay that's fine we also want to add the
garlic it stays a little busy so there's
a garlic pop over after about 30 seconds
of mixing what we're gonna do is take
all these vegetables and put them in a
bowl all right you put down low down
yeah
put it all the way down
they'll have once that delicious
trifecta of peppers onions and garlic
has been in there for about on a high
heat for about a minute or so what you
want to do is add your tamasa
so we'll do that map them all in and
start mixing babies don't stuff people
that aha so we've got our vegetables
here now let's just put them to one side
and then let's return this back to a
high heat the high cv can and now we're
gonna do is we're gonna add the white
wine and the chicken broth so get both
of those who support them in pour it in
okay now you're gonna cook this for
about five minutes letting it reduce and
losses reducing you want to just scrape
to the bottom of the pan to get all
those amazing flavors that you put into
the pan out into the stock and the wine
now get your thick double cream and
start adding that slowly to the mixture
and just wasting it yep and then you can
whisk it in
and as we do that well with it reduce
this to a low heat and once it's done in
maybe a real chef you're gonna taste it
and seat so you want to just get a
little bit there right just blowing it
okay it's spicy salting and not enough
salt maybe more salt more pepper I don't
know I don't know if I like that you
know if you like that one
it's pretty good actually it's pretty
good yeah yeah the bounce is there salt
a little peppery it's kind of thickening
up so what we want to do is take it down
to really low heat now just really low
and then add some salt pepper and
cayenne pepper to taste so if you like
it nice and spicy add lots of cayenne
pepper if you want it more salty add
extra salt
whatever floats your boat you want to do
it that way what is what floats your
boat
I like also salt and pepper what's this
all happen oh yeah definitely this cream
baby don't worry you can really crank it
in it tell me what so now what we're
gonna do beautiful one is a grab your
chicken yeah and then grab your
vegetables and put them in the pan in
the sauce yep keep my be brave just yeah
look within nice work and then stir that
all in make sure everything is coated
nicely and at this point you want to
return that the whole thing back to a
medium heat because you want to make
sure that all the heat is in the chicken
you know all these wonderful flavors
start to mix in between themselves I
don't know this is good or not cooking
something and giving it to someone
terrifies me since I could never cook
for like a stranger or someone I was
trying to impress no well don't worry
we're just cooking for ourselves here
what you want to do is get your pasta
that you cooked earlier
let's mentor that lets cook some pasta
earlier make sure it's al dente as they
say and put it into the mixture right in
yeah I mean the recipe calls for
fettuccine we've got very surely you
know would just grab whatever pasty bean
spaghetti in this this very Shelly's
thinner and smaller didn't actually use
as much pasta it called for but yeah so
because we're trying to keep a cob low
you can make a difference pretty
unhealthy yeah okay I mean at this point
I would lower things down because we
don't want it to overcook so lower down
yeah can somebody explain to me whenever
you have like addition really high heat
it's suddenly not all the water vapors
not there even though this should be
more water coming up
because it's yeah because it's being
heated then when you turn it down
suddenly there's so much water vapor all
the time every single time that happens
why is that like if it's one of those
mysteries that I've known since I was
I've tried to figure it out but I just
so yeah this is I'm sharing with you
guys how many if you know not chat time
some channel let's plate this up this is
what it looks like in real life this is
what it looks like in the picture yeah I
think we have too much cream if I have
to modify that recipe I would add half
the amount of cream and three-quarters
the amount of white wine and stock say
matter white wine maybe half the not a
stock we haven't tried it once I've got
some fresh dill the recipe calls for
parsley but we didn't have any parsley
so it's very very creamy very creamy
overly creamy it's almost like having
ice cream and that's the roadside our
thing is so that was st cooking would
you ever make this one like this
yourself
no I would probably just not even maybe
house just like a tablespoon of cream
yeah it is yeah okay good it's my creamy
is too much cream this too much cream
but I think if there was less cream
they'll be good because isn't there's a
nice balance there this yeah yeah
there's spiciness I think if I put a
little bit of fresh dill over the top
they'll be nuts in there as well you
know I would I think we should make it
again and we'll probably be perfection I
think so yeah okay so we're going to
enjoy we've got some modern family here
and we will see you in the neck
as he learns to cook if you guys like
this and you want this to be a series
name something like SMS to cook tell us
you know we could make it into series on
the globe on the channel on the blog
Channel yeah I mean I would like to
learn how to cook more but I ate fillet
I don't enjoy but I like I feel like
it's like a thing I should know how to
cook for myself and for others news so
if you guys have any recipes that you
think are easy enough for me to learn
how to cook pass them on my way and I
will try to cook them for you if you
care right alright and let us know if
you try this out give us a tweet at se
button or at lion's mane see you what
was that last time oh oh my god did you
make that up or is that an internet
thing this is it oh I've never seen it
