good morning everybody it's very early
it's 5:45 I woke up at 5:30 but I had to
go make myself some tea
immediately I am heading to the airport
this morning going to LA so I thought
I'd vlog I've logged in the airport for
a while um I have about half an hour to
get ready I just need to shower drink my
tea and finish packing so I don't know
if you guys think I can do it but I'm
gonna have to so yeah it's weird too
because Aslan's not here he's actually
hiking in Wales right now
yes like I don't think I've ever been to
the airport like when he's not been home
that makes sense like he always helps me
like take my suitcase downstairs and
like sees me off and stuff but he's not
here so it's really weird it's like
strange being here without him but um
anyway I'm gonna drink my tea and get on
with it
all right guys I'm sweaty I'm hot but
I've made it I was kind of thinking am I
gonna be late for this time all right I
did stuff to get a disposable camera
though yeah it's 8:30 now so I think
it's time to board
my luggage good I have to say I watched
walk the line on the plane in which I
know I'm like super late to the game but
it was really amazing last time I was in
LA
my friend Ben was saying like how much
he loves Johnny Cash an amazing movie
Phoenix so if you haven't seen it
definitely check it out but now
okay guys you Mike literally like
could cry I don't know why I don't know
if it's like jelly or what but so you
guys know I don't know if I said this
but I'm here with adidas as you guys
know I'm an adidas ambassador uh so I'm
doing some stuff this week with Stella
McCartney cuz whatever it's like the
coolest freakin thing ever right but
anyway this is so the room they hooked
and sister up with is kind of insane
like literally I'm in utter shock quite
seriously indeed is like you you mailed
it you freakin mailed it you've gone
above and beyond guess what I will talk
to her like this I'm all by myself but I
like need to share this and as long as
asleep so it's just us it's just us so
okay okay so oh my god so I just saw the
view from the window okay so you walk in
here we go guys here we go okay calm
down so you walk in and this is the
bathroom it has a gorgeous shower a
gorgeous bathtub two sinks and a toilet
okay but then you walk into the room oh
I have literally like I feel like
forgiving Beyonce right now so this is
like the bed oh my god guys look that
pillow says L cuz it's my last name do
you think or or do you think they all
say L I think it's because it's my last
name anyway nice little painting thing
here so that's that and then you oh you
got a big TV here and little mini bar
and then you walk into this room and
there's another freaking huge TV this
gorgeous couch thing with these dangling
things on the bottom coffee table and a
freaking balcony and look at my piece
HBU I'm not even speak English look at
my view oh let's go outside and see oh
how do you get out of here Oh guys I'm
really like I'm really wow oh my gosh
Wow Wow
alright so I just finished getting a
little freshened up I took a little
shower and got changed into some clothes
which felt good because I really smelled
horrendo um I just FaceTime with my mom
as well and yeah it was cute she
couldn't believe the room either she was
like oh my god I stink
just like drink it all in so I'm gonna
anyway I'm gonna go get a little
something to eat I'm gonna meet up with
a friend of mine yeah I never really
thought I'd like get to spend like like
time in LA like ever and I didn't even
think I'd like LA I love LA I hope I can
spend a lot more time here in the future
because I really love it anyway now I'm
gonna get some food
it is like maybe 10 p.m. UK time so
starting to feel a little sleepy cuz
it's my bedtime but uh it's gonna be
good
so it's actually the next morning it is
6:30 a.m. I've been awake since for
three 3:58 actually I totally spaced and
forgot to bring the vlog camera to
dinner last night I don't know I think
was because I was so tired but not
anyway I literally just ate came back to
the hotel and went to bed immediately
I don't know that jetlag just caught me
it just caught me and I couldn't sleep
so since I woke up really really early I
didn't really know what else to do so I
did some yoga with Adriene over there on
the floor which was nice got my body
stretched out and I just got out of the
shower I've got a little face mask on I
don't know why the light is like doing
this this thing it's like a rave except
it's really the opposite um I know just
got out of the shower I'm in my
comfortable little robe and got this
face mask on but yeah I thought it might
be interesting if I showed you guys like
what I brought with me to the hotel like
I brought what was this what is this
business jeez
it's still doing it oh that's not gonna
help well guys I don't know why it's
doing that anyway
I thought I'd show you guys what I
brought with me as far as like travel
skincare and makeup and stuff like that
just to keep you entertained so here we
go so one trick I actually learned from
Amelia whenever I like go traveling with
her I always notice that she takes a
towel and she puts her makeup out really
nicely and I was always like really
impressed with that so I totally copied
her method and this is all the makeup I
brought with me so I'm not gonna go
through every single thing but I will
show you a couple of things so I brought
the Charlotte Tilbury wonder glow which
is like a nice illuminating base and I
also brought the light Foundation as
well which I love of course brought my
by Terry don't Solis Foundation which is
almost empty beauty blenders Sarat
eyelash curlers to base mascara
love this hourglass foundation brush
collection concealer which is just the
best uh Nastasia brow is some face
powders this is a by Terry one my little
mini tatcha luminous engraving their
brow boy brow this is one of the new
bite Beauty multi sticks I really liked
the color of it so I might wear that
today body shop bronzer and I brought
the lorac Pro palette because I haven't
used it in so long can't open it there
we go
I haven't worn this palette and so long
and it just has every single color you
could possibly want so I'm gonna wear
that and then as far as skincare goes
this is pretty much it and then I have
this stuff over here so I'll go through
this first this is more like well I
don't know what this category would be
but I've got my floss my Clarins body
lotion which I'm obsessed with this is
the mask I've got on my face right now
it's the Peter Thomas Roth rose stem
cell gel mask and let me try to open
this here it is a really weird texture
can you see that but it's really
moisturizing and I really like it so far
I've got my deodorant toothbrush
toothpaste q-tips and then some more
stuff over here like the boscia makeup
breakup cleansing oil my Garnier
micellar cleansing water this is a one
for combination sensitive skin my
molecule one perfume I really love the
Sarah Chapman facial resurfacer which is
like an exfoliator my PI eye cream and
the organic rose booster this is my day
cream I'm using this is the taut to
Harper floral essence and then I've got
my eight Garnier moisture bomb tissue
mask which I'm going to use probably
tomorrow I got some more crap in here
like the stuff I've been using in my
hair I'm gonna paint my nails probably
after I finish getting ready and I'm
gonna use the maybelline superstay
and it is in the shade second skin um oh
yeah that's pretty much it I think I'm
going to end today's vlog now I am gonna
vlog tomorrow I just want to come open
up these curtains and see if it's
daylight outside but I don't know how to
figure out to use these fancy curtains
maybe you've got to like pull a string
press a button I'm confused
anyway I'll figure this out after so
anyway I'm gonna vlog as well today I
have the day off until about 4 o'clock
so gonna go get some good breakfast go
shopping just have a little me day so
I'll see you in a little bit tomorrow's
vlog it's coming your way
so this is crazy oh my god here is like
who else is gonna be at this event
they're like this for you know what
