Oh Reggie oh yeah look at that nose of
yours you beautiful spread go for this
stretch good morning it's Sunday morning
everything is good to Grady for a walk
and their yogurt breakfast I love those
mother corners God this so good when I
taste just the yoga itself I get the
natural Greek yogurt kind but it's just
the of itself tastes very sugar it
doesn't taste like normal Greek yogurt I
think they add lots of sugar to the
yogurt that's why it probably tastes
good because then on top of that you had
lots of jam and then just a big sugar
fest so that's why it's enjoyable we are
going to something called Kraft today
which can be held in else core it is an
exhibition of lovely handmade things
that people are selling etc although
this thing isn't just Kraft it's three
things within our score happening today
let me show you the logos here the first
ones called Kraft it's kind of about
hand maybe things you know people make
things in a small batch by hand so then
then next one's called home honest about
kind of hung where than Tara's eyes
accessories where those were top drawer
just said it's a leading gift stock kind
of exhibition so I'm guessing is gonna
be like small things things like candles
stationery write the tickets are free
just have to register you have to say
there you're part of a company so you
know I think so well then they do ask
like well when I say your name your
title than the company the company isn't
optional it's like a required thing yeah
well we're all part of the ESC button
count a company here so that's what I
put that I was like se was yeah what is
su but will you like a leading lifestyle
blogger oh my god a leading I know
you're gonna like check out my channel
right just sitting here and declare
you're looking beautiful today thank you
guys isn't she ray
isn't your mom we're looking good Oh
why'd you supposed handsome he brings
out my inner beauty but I try to say it
gives me inner beauty I don't know what
I'm trying to say
you just bring joy to my life and
happiness what I'm trying to say is I
think my happiness levels have gone up
about 15 not just since we got ready I
wish she could come to the crafts fair
what are you having for breakfast Missy
because I know you're gonna be all Moody
and stuff good I absolutely think I'm
actually hoping there's gonna be food
there can I just say I wear a rash here
I rash hmm it doesn't look like on the
neck it's a little bit so like over on
this side of my face I woke up this
morning and I got in the shower and I
just thought oh I'd been sleeping on
that side because it was so red cuz you
know how sometimes like the pressure and
then I don't know it's putting my makeup
on like an hour later and it was still
there
I don't know it doesn't hurt it's not
icky it's just kind of red so in other
news the cactus is doing well survive
raging and eat them overnight so I think
these are a permanent installation here
we are coming up to Earls Court now who
else caught here we come crafts home and
all that cheese yep
I'm clueless over your app it's quite
windy today here we are inside now
I didn't think would be this big hug be
quite it's smaller is it Those well this
is very large almost to the comparable
size to Grand Designs liar
cheesy music in the background I feel
like we're in a movie right now yeah so
we're through security clear security so
you don't have to register online you
can just come here and register so you
know you'd have to bother preparing
something just come along here we've got
a choice of the home the craft or the
top drawer first this is good I always
find the best things to do but it looks
pretty good and this is a yeah okay
which one do I go to class oh it's not
actually let's go home yeah you know
what
look at this this is a new puman design
looks a little bit like this that I mean
you can see that what do you can't see
if I ran to the light you kind of see it
better in the picture this is kind of
the original proven design a lot of
people who are into kind of low-energy
lighting like those because they look
they're designed very well they look
kind of funky by the light bulb itself
is actually something the design like
feature rather than something to be
hidden away so that's kind of cool so
this is a new and new design not as
catchy is the old one button I made it's
more energy efficient or something
that's a lot of stuff yeah well I spend
the whole day here like this yeah cancel
lunch plans with your mom because we're
gonna be here so let you guys since the
scale it's all goes all down then it's
like in this big hangar and the hangar
is huge
yes it's a very big presence and cool
wallpapers here like very textured
things like wood wood curd scrap wood
I'll sort of the brave brave person to
put on water like this swish from
restrung it's cool interesting estees
got pies and baskets
I do love baskets and storage things and
I really like these obviously there's
three separate ones but they look really
good together don't you think it it
really nice where are these red numbers
we'll take a card nice yeah they do lots
of cool geometric yeah this is pretty
cool by a company called uncommon so
monitoring that what the hell like this
one comes from and they look like kind
of a retro inspired mixes yeah kind of
like KitchenAid but a little bit
different which is nice as a KitchenAid
seems to have the monopoly on the retro
design mixer royal v KB's here then one
of my favorite Danish who wears her
accessories designer look at this bowl
it's like an orb on the outside like
this wire mesh and the tension on the
inside
like that a lot and all their designs
are very kind of typical of modern will
Danish really they kind of organically
soft clean lines you guys know I love
kitchen accessories and this very very
cool comfortable dream for me come
across here they've got really ingenious
ingenious efficient accessories like
this garlic peeler has a special heel
ejector so you know how you pressed
garlic and then you always get the peel
that's stuck in there you can't get it
out and so knowing this little thing
just gets it up for you and apparently
really works with not sure but yeah very
clever very clever lovely rugs here I
kind of got some silver bits a bit of
bling they realize they want some bling
in her life so she's by a company called
brass from Copenhagen that's like
exactly the thing I've been looking for
the
here's the Alessi stand unless he's a
very famous kitchen bits maker and their
centerpieces are always amazing its
maker
kitchen bits maker yeah it'll make
kitchen bits there you go it's all
kitchen bits look at this I've got a
glass if that's a kitchen bit what is
this stuff whatever it is I know it's a
kitchen big yeah so you need to poke
sharpen your pencils in the kitchen
walking around we found Pam again our
favorite little print maker we saw this
in the modern show at Dulwich and we
really like them they think that's a
cool boat company goes by male-on-male
they do cushions and blankets but the
special thing about them is that they
get jeans and then they kind of mush not
until it's fabric until it's pulp but
it's really soft and it actually still
kind of has that not maybe dense kind of
feeling that jeans have it in a nice way
because it's blend to be cool really
nice and they just introduced a new
color through summer which is that serve
roughly no red
that's nice yeah recycled denim huh whoa
so just gone through the whole session
that was quite lots of stuff very
overwhelming on the brain over there so
first we're gonna go to the crash
there's a lot smaller so I look just get
that yeah yeah yeah yeah the impression
that I get from this section it's a lot
kind of smaller scale production so if
people are making things actually hand
quite handle it sells something there
exhibit here how short and sweet wasn't
it yeah very short and sweet is it they
had some nice things but it's not really
anything really it's all ceramics
yeah that's right the main course
top-drawer yeah and again just stop
everywhere everywhere my brain is
exploding slowly on the inside
okay so just came across something
called wrap it Beasley started by a
boyfriend/girlfriend couple and they
started a magazine called wrap magazine
and it was all about illustrators and
things like that and then they started
to get these illustrators to create
wrapping paper and now they sell the
wrapping paper and they've got cards as
well no there it is
a little company called lagom make
lovely little cards sorry
perhaps la gomera these kind of cards
this is like real life tumbler I like
that this I say really likes them to you
these are kind of cute
I'm going to go through and show you
guys some of my favorite cards so I
really like this one
this one I really liked because it have
lipstick shoes perfume really nice all
of these London themed plums and I also
really like this one that says there's
no place like home don't worry
everything is going to be amazing I
really like those and then on this
little thing here I love this one
and I think that's all I'm going to
showcase for right now I think
stationery is so personal everybody
seems to like something a little bit
different but yes it's a really fun
thing and I love cards and wrapping
paper in the whole of nine yards though
so you know that I love notebooks and I
have a bit of a sickness a bit of an
obsession not only to make up but also
to notebooks and we came across this one
actually Aslan came across this it's the
Stanford notebooks company and it's a
very new company we were just talking to
one of the owners and he said that it
started up in November so that's just a
few months ago and that's still really
new he says they're selling them in a
couple of retail stores and they have a
little tiny website apparently and he
was just telling us about how everything
is handmade and just the process of how
it works
he was also telling us that Stanford was
rated one of the best places to live in
Britain so now
want to go maybe Palantine states about
these notebooks is that mole skins right
people who say that how the really
high-quality and excited to I actually
don't think they are that well-made and
put the money that they are I think
they're the best but this is like almost
the opposite because these are all
handmade and yeah like these ones this
is actually suede material on the
outside and they're just feels lovely
and this is actual genuine leather you
just don't know what these feel like and
allegiant really unique if you if you're
looking to get a notebook somebody this
is actually one of my favorite ones but
it's a golfer's notebook and I clearly
do not go but since they're handmade you
can use saying that he can kind of put
different material in different books oh
we've been walking around for a good two
and a half three hours now and I have to
say I'm getting that the overload to the
point where I'm becoming like a zombie
I'm just like walking around Slayer
it's time to go time to leave this is
now just the fashion section the last
section
yeah we're not really into that so we
might be heading our way
oh no done now back in the light of day
the great day there's no light yes I'll
load down the first home part was great
I like that there's a lot of very design
LED products so I the cross-section nice
nothing really interests there and then
top drawer stuff there's just so much
2,000 stories in one day
yeah this event isn't really marked as a
retail event in some market people who
want to go to buy stuff like normal
shoppers this is more our industry thing
so that's probably why it feels so alone
but if you if you had a shopping you're
looking to stock up your shop this would
be a great place to go yeah yeah I
remember heading home now to take a
little break we're back at home and
somebody's excited to see us aren't you
Reggie
it's so good good we love you so much
little guy pillow the pillow you know
you don't like anybody you don't like
anybody to have it but you like it yeah
we are just enjoying a nice hot cup of
tea and Haslam actually made a very good
cup of tea I have to admit I just took
little Reggie out for a walk he was
desperate to go to the urination station
and we also have these gingersnap
cookies from Ikea which are surprisingly
good mainly because they are so sugary
but they're really good I think we're
going to have dinner with us on swab and
sister later on today so right now it's
what 3 o'clock it is 311 and we'll
probably meet them at about five-ish
I'll say
and we've got a basically feed Reggie's
dinner and walking before we go because
you know I want to be able to take him
for his evening walk before we leave so
that is the plan that is the plan Stan
what are you doing over there I always
have such high hopes that on Sunday I'm
gonna get my life together
and do some things we have a very long
list on the white board of things that
we need to do inside the home and yeah
not if it got done today so yeah I
really wanted to hang those IKEA shelves
maybe after dinner we'll get a a second
wind but I highly highly doubt that
because all I want to do is get back on
the couch and watch Vampire Diaries
says we will hang Yankee shelves after
dinner I hope we do I hope we do we'll
see we just got back from dinner with
Aslan's mom and his sister sorry we
didn't actually vlog I don't know what
happened there high place yeah yeah I
had an interesting beef curry they
completely screwed up the brown rice and
Aslan has been talking about the brown
rice on the entire ride home the brown
rice the brown I had a really good
dinner it was um some beef in like a
peppery broth and lots of broccoli and
it was so good and Reggie's been
snoozing as per usual oh and we also
stopped at Muji before dinner because it
was right there and I got some new
storage for myself for my skincare
because in our bathroom the setup I have
right now it's just not working for me
so I've got to get rid of it's like a
cheap thing for my key and it's like
kind of flimsy in it I won't get into it
yeah so I got that so I'm gonna maybe
organize that tonight Azlan got very
proactive and decided to start hanging
my shelves which is much appreciated
looking good
looking very good loving it Aslan has
finished the shelves actually in pretty
fast time I've got to say oh yeah this
is what they look like I think they look
really good once I actually get my stuff
on it and I clean up this disaster of a
mess I think it'll look awesome and then
these are the little bookends that I got
for it which I kind of like them this is
kind of cool because it has wooden
supports and then a white top and my
desk has it wouldn't top with white
supports pretty cool it's like the
inverse all tying in you know it's all
coming together here it's all coming
together this cactus is dead it still
has the flowers but the rest of it is
brown and yellow and it's gone it's gone
it has definitely seen better days and
I'm going to transfer this into there so
let's see if I can do that right now
I've thought of an ingenious plan to get
this out Tong's this is this is actually
a very brilliant idea must say I'm doing
this one-handed as well so let's see how
this goes come on it's like extracting a
tooth oh there it goes poor thing
see you later alligator and there we
have it final product
it is a lot later now it's 11 o'clock at
night there's a late night vlog tonight
night time yeah I'm into clip clip the
clip mode is engaged really good mode
engaged um and we're watching the
Vampire Diaries and Reggie is so leaping
here he is very sleepy tonight so I
think we're gonna end the vlog here
we're gonna watch one more episode of
The Vampire Diaries yeah banana mosey on
into the sleeping position yeah and I'm
actually very sleepy but I'm gonna push
through this yeah I admit it but yeah so
I guess we will see you guys the next
time we see you guys yeah so hopefully
sometime soon all right so we will see
you guys next time bye
