good morning everybody it is 10 o'clock
on Saturday morning and I'm kind of up
and Adam not really it was a struggle to
wake up this morning and we we're taking
Reggie to the park and we had high hopes
of taking him to the park at 8 o'clock
this morning but it just didn't happen
we woke up at about 8:15 normally when
we go to the park I just roll out of bed
and go but I was feeling a little bit a
little bit sluggish so anyway I took a
shower and if you can appreciate my
winged liner efforts today I got a new
Stila eye liner pen thing incredible
incredible but I'll talk more about this
at a later date
I kind of brought back the winged liner
and I'm loving it I used to wear it
every day and then I kind of stopped
gave up on life and now I'm back so
we'll see if it's here to stay we shall
see I'm drinking a little bit of my
innocent smoothie Aslan is putting his
contacts in and then we're going to go
to the park Reggie is sleeping on his
pillow I have to say I called that right
from the beginning I knew he would use
that as a pillow I think a mother just
knows she just knows at this cutie pie
Reggie you you'll be like a human you're
just using that as a pillow I don't know
maybe he's gonna be too exhausted to go
to the park what do you think we made it
to the park it's a lovely nice little
day it's probably like what 2 degrees 3
degrees 4 degrees 5 6 about 6 us about
six or seven degrees apparently I got
there in the end
and yeah Reggie's having a good good old
time here's Reggie's new color it has
little bunny rabbits on it which is so
cute we just ran into a little whip-it
and it was the most gorgeous little dog
and I didn't get any footage of it
because I was too embarrassed to be like
excuse me I make youtube videos and can
i film your dog
Reggie's taking a Wow there's Reggie
off-lead now in the Sun sniffing away
check it out the situation oh god he's
peeing now yeah enjoy life check you out
good boy
Oh
I'm just talking about how much I love
Reggie's eyebrows I don't know if you
can see them right there just a couple
of extra strands for his eyebrows back
at the market it's bustling as always as
one's over there through this yellow
tent getting some meat it looks like and
Reggie nine I'm just hanging out here
just chilling sure not too busy today
but you know pretty good you ready to go
home buddy I think so Azlan got himself
a scotch egg whatever that is not any
Scotch eggs a black pudding slow Jay oh
my that's like a double trouble and
Reggie so hungry he keeps working up
there and sniffing it but not for him
but yeah so that's a Wow present all
right let's go I'm going home now yeah I
hope we are back home now I'm about to
dig in and have some lunch I'm looking
for a glass so I can get some water
Aslan is taking a shower so I decided to
have lunch with just me myself and I
chicken soup and a couple of pieces of
toast we got this soup at the market oh
here comes Reggie bound again we got
this soup at the market and it seems to
have really good ingredients it's
handmade and it smells amazing
definitely will be able to eat this
entire Bowl but I'm hoping by the time
Aslan gets out of the shower he'll be
hungry and he'll want some I'm getting
very very full but I just wanted to say
that I think this is the best chicken
soup I have ever had ever in my life
which is quite a compliment coming from
me because I'm very picky when it comes
to soups really really good really good
I wonder if you can buy this online and
they can deliver it or what's the deal
I'm gonna need to look into this right
now but I don't even know the young
brand name maybe Aslan knows but yeah
really good soup very good mm-hmm big
thumbs up
is that your pillow buddy check your
pillow is that he don't grab it get it
get it crazy eat it all right oh yeah
gonna lie on it on you're gonna bite it
I shout now ready to go ready to hit the
town for a wild night out isn't that
right I stays
I'm so cold the freezing high yeah it's
not really that cool oh yeah it is
mm-hmm planning on doing this specific
thing for a while now and that is get
these cactuses in this little planter
here because this planter goes into this
section in this little telephone table
remember we've got these cactuses that I
care I've got all the ingredients now
I've got the the earth I've got some
potting mix and something else and I mix
those two together and you'll be fine
and then we've got some large decorative
like chip stones as stake tried to
revive this the other day and as you can
see it didn't work very well because
this is now gonna be dead
I'm already sure how I'm gonna arrange
it so first things first let's get some
of these decorative stones in the bottom
of this I've even got some nice gloves
here courtesy of a stage rather Eric one
we Canada the first time we got into a
scar when his demons alright he was like
oh what these gloves are like okay all
the extra I do need gloves I was
thinking because I need to pick up these
spiky cactuses cuz uses money's worth
apparently yeah he's like that and
they're like it's like a really thin but
yet really resistant layer of rubber all
over these gloves so I don't think the
cactus is actually gonna place it so
this is the perfect thing for so thanks
sorry yeah like bloody and the stones
are in there at the bottom so that's
good the reason you put the stones in
there is when you water you don't want
when the water drips down to the bottom
to just to be stagnant in the earth and
I think the stones helps the whole
process
I'm just relying on the Internet so
hopefully that's right
uh-huh y'all take a couple is hard work
I'll take a glove
it's a cup of liquor listen T is my
liquor I feel like T liquor oh no okay
we've got problems here
that's okay oh geez whoa the gags nearly
got freakin squashed bloody hell
there is he's now we're gonna go out and
actually do some stuff today
whose will be that I don't know we just
don't know what to do
so let's look up there's like mud all
over the camera
yeah that's to the effect but like all
over the lens yeah it's to the muddy
effect Oh the muddy wash it's like an
Instagram filter but pills in yeah there
yet vegetable exhausting water okay no
more distractions
let's get that earth in there oh yeah
you dirty dirty are you okay so the
earth is in there now for the tricky
part to deport the cactuses and place
them in a aesthetically pleasing shape
within this I need your help here is
this this okay this a good shape this is
a good position or maybe a different one
okay that's that's one option let's try
and configure into another could also do
something like this we're having a very
Canada themed cup of tea there's my
Starbucks Canada mug and mine agar Falls
mug so just having a little bit of
Canada right here in the dummy look
already to taking all these toys you can
put them over there
that is new right I don't think you've
shown that yeah yes I've seen this many
it's a new racket
all right look this way Canadian idea
yeah be quite likes it absolutely love
the route I would want to do a reggie
toy collection hi second in one of these
upcoming vlogs because he has every
single animal no man
yeah but we even had to buy lots of Muji
acrylic storage the story yeah
and maybe some more like IKEA 9 for Alex
yeah and put a Dipti camera ok this is
the third I think this is actually
better kind of like the first option but
they're more in a line yeah actually
that's better it's less like stage II
yeah okay yeah let's go with this by him
so gonna be putting the first one here I
think to take this out and then make a
hole then put it in write that that's
how that's how you pop yeah I think so
I've got a gardener I've never even
played at the same thing but I think
that what about the seed of love in my
heart how do you go about defaulting a
cactus
these gloves don't work I'm cutting
pricked already you have yeah Oh how'd
you do it oh wow I thought those gloves
were gonna work for sure just yeah maybe
like oh is it stabbing you right now no
no it's already it's just like some of
the cat guys have like some really
skinny needles or whatever they're
called and then they go in your skin may
embed in your skin Oh Aslan just removed
the gloves and he says there were a
couple of the needles noise oh my god
you're wearing your Canada t-shirt I was
just saying that like we're having a
Canadian tea because both of our tea
cups are from Canada and then you're
wearing your Canada t-shirt I'm sorry
Canadian God worried about this one
because as you can see the soil that it
was in was very orange I think it was a
much more kind of sand base soil
compared to the otherwise yeah so I hope
it's a you know this kind of swirls
gonna be okay for a little bit of mud
stuck there how does it get rid of that
but that's fine overall I'm pretty
pleased to look let's put some of the
finishing white stones on the top and
that should be like amazing
the white stone Delbert dirties I think
I have to rinse them on the under attack
just clean them up
good eye kid today I I don't you guys
remember but I bought a shelving like
some string shelving uh before Christmas
time and it's too big for them also I
have to return it and I actually
wouldn't mind just going back in general
because I freaking love IKEA so I don't
know what do you what do you think maybe
maybe we'll think about it rest days
editing that is she oh she trying to
pronounce this what the word out in a
video of in ancillary like I don't want
to get into it it's Oh like oka John see
like oh like Oh ATT like was an actual
French person said that they don't think
because it Oh could you yeah good good
oh yeah what are you thinking like in
English that I see you know it doesn't
even matter
but yeah I'm trying to edit this video
my first of two pretty Madison halls we
did need to get a sec second luggage
just for my makeup now I'm kidding but
because I was talking like so much I
don't know I was delirious in this video
cuz I kind of filmed it at night when
I'm a little more frisky like I normally
film my videos in the morning I think
it's much more my actual personality
when I film at night because in the
morning I'm still waking up like it
probably takes me if I wake up at 8 I'm
probably still like sleeping until like
2:00 in the afternoon
hmm and then I eat yeah so if I feel my
nighttime it's like how I am most the
time good does that make sense
yeah I feel more like lip Reese oh yeah
yeah except you're in bed by 11:00 Bynes
oh yeah I have about 3-4 hours of a wait
time to my day so here it is the
finished product I think looks good you
know the white stones really a cleans it
up with me she looks presentable can you
like it let's get in sit you info know
how amazing looks there you like the
wedding's if you don't yeah because this
thing's so heavy I don't want to just
drop it in and I there's no space for my
fingers and there's no like handles to
grip so I'm gonna get s-stay to drop it
so yeah it's gonna get me to do it
look look whoa that ass so you just
I'll just okay that's not good okay I'm
going to sit here you're gonna bring it
over and I'll just get oh yeah okay
don't break your fingertips oh it put me
Asian squat into play we're good this is
heavy
can your hands handle this Oh God
I'm trying oh okay that looks amazing
sever look next thing that looks so good
oh it's good does not a nice job oh yeah
that's cool isn't it no it is very cool
oh my god I hope they live the yellow
and the red water sort of effort yeah
yeah I think we should probably water on
them yeah oh nice I'm happy with that
now hope we register for them I don't
know the only thing where that some of
used to be he wagged his tail but that's
why I put the spiky asjuan mia here cuz
when he wags his tail he's telling me
hit this and then you're not gonna care
in the way but I hope so ha isn't that
right buddy
right oh yeah Red Mango yeah here we go
Oh Oh the majestic form its back its
back with a vengeance your buddy with
them so much good boy Oh Vikki risky
risky you Christy loser what's the
strange I stay insisted on putting on
the vlog camera cuz once this show the
world what a meanie I am yeah you guys
think he's so nice so whatever well he's
making me get rid of my cat
okay I mean maybe we could keep it if it
wasn't this freakin freaky looking thing
look at it look at it eyes just look at
these
kruky eyes they follow you they follow
you as you go around the room I'm over
here looks like it's staring at me I'm
over here it's still creeping on me
it's constantly following you I got this
cat it must have been almost a year ago
maybe more and I paid four pounds for it
and it's one of my favorite things that
I ever bought which is like a thrift
store but out of people's cars I don't
want to get rid of it and ever since I
got it he's been trying to make me get
rid of it and I've insisted that I don't
I don't know should I just go put it in
my olives you think we can mmm maybe I
don't know I don't want yeah yeah I want
it to be done yeah it's put in your
office what do we do that what are we
give it to Reggie
try to stay crazy for a little walk
before we go up you know want to be
responsible that way yeah I have to say
I love walking without a coat on cuz
it's like kind of warming up now not all
the time but like today is into coals
she looks like a tiger because like when
he's got his coat on he's kind of like
cuter but without it each is like you
know just at IKEA waiting to return our
stuff apparently you have to take a
ticket yep and the weight is going to be
18 minutes it's a 16 minutes for me to
keep but it says 18 minutes up on the
board I don't know who to believe I'm so
glad they giving us comfortable sofas
too I'm so happy that they've got the
bed sheets because I really want to get
one for Reggie's do they in the kitchen
because it kind of goes a little bit
better in this little more funky what
come what's that from goes oh I just
fell it yeah since I returned my other
shelves which were these wiry ones I'm
going to get these ones instead just the
small ones I'm going to get three of
them I'm gonna get these bookends as
well they're like little X's and they
look like this and then when you put
your books on them it looks like that
I'm so short you can't actually see this
but if I read
baby no since the cactus in my office
died I decided to get a new one
and I think this one's really pretty
this lighting is not doing it justice
but as like really nice pink parts
coming through of it and Aslan is again
stalking the succulents like he needs
more but he's looking for more the man
is addicted
so we've paid the missing pieces now and
we're heading to my favorite section the
grocery food section here we are
there it is oh yeah that's what they
call it now is anybody else fascinated
by the food is I here I don't know it's
I love to go through every single thing
because it's really different to those
who want it said hey it's cheap B it's
just odd and interesting and half the
times by delicious interesting taste to
this Sam what is it in cold but crack or
shot them from and we didn't just open
up a box just had the testers you know
the frozen section cinnamon rolls
cookies ice cream what looks like kind
of a dying cake thing that's pretty good
look at this this is a sausage thing
with pork and elk meat I know I had elf
before that's going to be really cool we
also got them in a snack side so I get a
pack of these this is a caviar cod roe
spread place like a sparrow grow in a
too cool packaging look it's the perfect
Swedish boy blond-haired blue-eyed so
happy eating his Roe and oddly alongside
all the Swedish food is also some
diamond Mikado
it's Mikado Swedish I don't think so
okay so I definitely think I will try
the ika lager you know just to see what
that's like a little review will take
sample so pay for this gonna try the
bill tea snacks
see what they they smell they kind of
beef jerky like teriyaki beef jerky
exactly they smell like interesting
yeah just tastes like a game here
sausage I never liked a pepper pepper
army tastes like a gamy as I know that
good evening where I just stir it seems
like you are hungry for dinner that's
right he's gonna adore he hadn't he's
already had his real dinner yeah now
he's having it so there's this dinner
come on
do you want to go for a walk Reggie are
you gonna go for a walk are you yes you
are yeah what's gonna happen we're gonna
put this on TV while driving be smiling
all going for a walk around the block
little ratibor walk walk walk walk kind
of looks like this plane is going to
soar right into the moon this camera is
not doing it justice to what it's
actually looking like this is a big fail
big fail Reggie man Reggie man this is
your music video got that stuff strut
that stuff in your music video cool dog
cool duh cool dog in a music video
well I was a big fail I'm so jealous
that Iceland has Reggie cam I have
nothing I have nothing
I don't think Reggie music videos gonna
happen No yeah I don't think so I don't
think so no music video we have a new
alarm clock well it's not even new we
actually bought this like over a year
ago but we just started using it like
last week kind of thing
so it's called the Philips wakeup light
and it as the name suggests helps you
wake up basically just a big light at
the front and it's an alarm clock so you
can set the alarm you can choose a
variety of sounds to wish to wake up to
and the light intensity this Eagle Missy
oh God
the first night we tried this light we
put it to seagull and I woke up
effing terrified yeah because like I
want being a penguin you know when you
go to the beach and you're laying on
your towel and all of a sudden you hear
all these seagulls and then they're
crapping all over you that was like I
got this really anxious feeling in the
morning and I had that feeling all day
long so I refuse to let those seagulls
wake me up again that's just brutal
starts off flow it starts off like this
so picture yourself laying in bed it's
going to increasingly get brighter and
brighter we'll probably speed this part
up right oh there look now at now it's
really bright on your face
and as it gets brighter it kind of
naturally makes your body think it's
like a normal sunrise and it wakes you
oh god is it the seagulls it's the
seagulls and then the light is in your
face and you like you think am I in the
sea I'm on the beach and you are cuz of
the sound and the light yeah ii you
always delirious you start to think you
are at sea and it kind of like goes into
your dream as well yeah like it fits
into your dream like it's so weird but
then you wake up in another reality it's
oh yeah no I'm not yeah did you get that
one bird but it does lighten the whole
room pretty much so but it does what I
mean I I think it's a nice way to wake
up it's definitely more pleasant than
like a really loud alarm and especially
the lights specifically the light I
think really helps yeah the light helps
I think it's definitely better than like
waking up to a gate you know that was my
best alarm clock impression is breathing
that was good that was good so do you
think it's worth it to get this thing
it's pretty expensive the light majorie
house because my problem is I wake up I
set off the alarms and I can slip into
the habit of I'll stay in bed for
another ten minutes you know 50 and then
BAM you're out again or something the
light stops you from doing that because
when the light is there you oh I can't
open up your eyes in life then you lay
in bed for five minutes and your eyes
like adjust the line you're like yeah
somebody's that gives you quite a bit
more energy to wake up so I think that's
it from us this evening I'm going to
wash my face and just tidy up and do
some other things we will be vlogging
again tomorrow because we're going to a
craft fair and let's wrap it up for the
evening wrapping it up see you later
that's my thing my name listen
