hello everybody coming at you now from
England we're back just landed got home
everything's okay nothing's nothing's on
fire I think we burnt down so that's
good a little bit of mail which is to be
expected yeah yeah no we working and
what was up with that plane ride the
amount of times okay first of all it's a
night flight
why don't you dim those like what is the
problem as soon as we get to the
cruising altitude serve the food
straight away and then half an hour
after the food's our dinner
well this is what happened first of all
we there was like some ice issue in
Toronto
oh yeah we're sitting in the Toronto
parking lot Airport parking lot for an
hour and a half or two hours so we were
just sitting there so already the we
knew we were going to be an extra two
hours yeah basically there was a patch
of ice behind the airplane and then we
put without saying all until that stores
out we can't move anyway but it was kind
of funny like the pilot was like we
should be taking off in about five
minutes and then like five minutes for
cover is like just another 10 minutes
just another five minutes
well we did that for two hours yeah I
don't I don't mind I must be is better
safe than sorry and also I'm gonna
anchor at a pilot with a Canadian accent
oh yeah oh we're just about to take off
yeah Oh something that was like tugga's
literally every half an hour there would
be turbulence for about a minute yeah
and then it would go every time out yeah
so well didn't get much sleep anyway to
sleep at all I think okay I did sleep a
little bit maybe like two hours but you
know looking rough feeling rough we're
live we're home so alright I'm making
myself a nice copper or PG tipps and
then you know cuz I gotta get that
English brew on soon as you get home I
said didn't worry I'm like oh I'm not
really feeling well um I don't know if
anybody else gets this but I get motion
sickness I don't actually feel sick
on the plane but then as soon as I land
I feel really sick and then we took a
taxi home because we had a lot of bags
and then in the car I was like oh so
right now I just want to stay so yeah
numbers for the wicked we have to get
going and pick up Reggie yeah cuz the
kennels shuts in about an hour and a
half two hour you want to get it like
straight away yeah so uh yeah what's
that this is a look good got those oh
can I show this yeah okay so when I was
in the airport um god I need to take a
shower okay
like I just feel if I put my hood up
does that help the way I look yeah that
makes you seem more gangster like this
more or less this is like my look I'm
not firing on all cylinders right now
here we go
when we were in the airport in Toronto I
was looking at Starbucks because I
wanted to get an iced tea and then I saw
this mug and I was like I need that and
here it is I'm showing you what the ones
like come on okay it's a Canada mug yeah
it's kind of cute
it's from Starbucks and I know Starbucks
does mugs like for every country and
they do it for certain cities and stuff
but I just really love this I actually
don't have a Canada mug and I believe it
or not believe it or not there's no can
I have a mug for like every other place
I've ever been
um but yeah it says it's part of the you
are here collection so that was pretty
cool is 12.95 no okay anyway cracking
yeah good we're going to see veggie
recognizers oh oh he's clearly remembers
oh here he is
airs a baby boy is that right rage he
was so happy to see us
jumping up on me and everything his tail
was like well I'll admit it
look what he did though it's okay it's
all in these jeans like six days in a
row very dirty
he's definitely got the kennel vibe
kennel smell and vibe but he's happy
though he could tell like what when he
came out like he was happy like it
always he's taking good care of him
otherwise they said that he had a little
roommate named Polly
yeah they got along really well Oh
Reggie and Polly sitting in a sitting at
a hey rube yeah all right off we go home
back at home he's got his bed set up and
everything he's happy with a rush off to
the supermodel is we're gonna pick him
up some meat and some food for ourselves
hey England super Munk super close to
four o'clock on a Sunday yeah we're not
used to this we're used to like 24/7
yeah at least not all times
look at me a rich man he's been good I
had a shower um Oh feeling pretty tired
but you know Sunday's I think it's okay
to go to the grocery store with no
makeup on and wet hair I think that I
think you make that you always find a
new excuse to going the supermarket
without makeup or I don't like if I'm
just having a chill that day and I'm not
wearing makeup like today for instance
I'm not gonna put on makeup to go to
them yeah who groceries that's insane
people do they do yeah good Zoo monkey I
don't know what do you guys think do you
feel weird about going out in public
without makeup on I mean it who looking
in the supermarket anyway I suppose no
one's checking me out
but do you go to supermarket with a hope
that you might land somebody yours right
pick up some honey it seems like if you
think that you must think that oh I can
land somebody at any time in my life
with this phrase I can land I don't know
why I'm just usually roll of it and
therefore you must be prepared at all
time with makeup which is have I landed
with so can I give up completely
yeah you've landed you've landed I've
landed
I brought these Ziploc containers back
to England with me because I don't think
you can get them here I mean you can
probably get them online but you know
and I really love that it's red because
oops
strawberries red red red red love it
we are dog-sitting Aslan's mom's dog
named Molly and she's very very small
basically the complete opposite of mr.
Reggie over there but she's really not
bothered by Molly they don't interact at
all at all ready just really like the
squirrel and that first I was kind of
scared but now if they're doing well and
here jerseys new toys a raccoon can I
see a raccoon right I reckon so it's one
of these long toys that has the squeaky
thing hey but you yawning you tired yeah
and it's got this like raccoon face but
just it just reminded me a little Reggie
so he seems to like it I got it at the
dollar store in Canada
dinky raccoon he loves toys I am loving
my makeup today well not really my
makeup but my foundation today because I
used the new tarts mineral makeup that I
bought in Canada and I did Instagram a
picture of it and I knew it was gonna be
good
but I didn't know it's gonna be this
good and I'm loving it I didn't actually
tell what it's really doing to me but um
it's just it's it's its second skin
that's the word for a second skin it is
so beautiful and Reggie's looking at me
like damn girl you fine I'm like not
really
we slept in until about 10:30 in the
morning today which is very unlike us
and we did go to bed quite late we went
to bed at 2:00 in the morning so I guess
it kind of evens out but a jet lag it's
a real mofo isn't it just getting back
on schedule is quite difficult and yeah
feeling pretty good today yesterday I
felt so weird
and I always feel weird after I fly like
I'm kind of that person who has motion
sickness when they're in a car for too
long can't read
in a car don't mind Reggie is just
devouring his squirrel yeah so I can't
read the car just emotion in general it
just makes me queasy but yesterday I was
like I've never felt that weird in my
life I did feel like kind of sick to my
stomach I had a really bad headache but
I just felt so weird and so out of it
was like the strangest thing so I did
take a little nap yesterday and because
I just couldn't physically stay awake so
it was very strange I don't know maybe I
caught a bug on the plane but I'm
feeling great today so yeah it's all
good it's all good in my neighborhood
and now I'm gonna go have breakfast take
a lunch and just try to organize myself
for the day are you organizing yourself
for the day mr. handsome are you
organizing yourself in a day oh we
missed you so much
reg you're perfect you're just
absolutely perfect he always likes to
have his toys right at his toes like if
they're not touching his toes he just
teaches well he if these toys are never
not touching his toes if he's laying
down is to look at these these ones are
touching his toes too that's just the
way he rolls mm-hmm are you cool are you
handsome yes you are
you'll probably remember during vlogmas
a son bought these cacti to do his
little cacti thing that didn't happen
and this one here is actually kind of
dying so I'm going to try to revive it
yeah so hopefully we can do that at some
point maybe this weekend I am prepping
and priming to film a makeup collection
video and it's you know um it's about
time I cleaned the outer area of my
makeup I thought it's about time I did
this because some things were getting a
little bit dusty a little bit crusty and
every now and then I like to just do
like a full sweep and obviously if I'm
going to be filming a makeup collection
I want you know a lot of things to look
clean anyway I just wanted to show you
this because I'm working on a blog post
and I don't know if it's just me but
this is like a makeup gasm to me because
I the post is all about sheer red
lipstick
and this is how I've laid them out I've
already photographed it but something
about this is arousing to my senses and
I I do love a sheer red lip you know
that's kind of my thing but that that
little thing right there is just
gorgeous
I might actually Instagram a picture of
that because stunning drinking my tea
out of my canadian polar bear in the
snow mug almost gone baby come back
you could blame it all on me I want more
tea cuz I just can't live without it I
just got finished filming my makeup
collection I hope it turned out okay you
never can tell until you import the
footage but we shall see I hope it's
alright umm I've come for the
realization that I have a hell of a lot
of makeup that's a you know we all knew
that but when you actually when you
actually film something and you're
putting it out there you're like wow who
anyway it's just my thing I kind of said
that in the video but makeup is my thing
so that's just how things go when you
like something anyway I'm just gonna
finish tidying up and then I'm gonna
take a little Reggie over a walk we're
walking Molly and Reggie they are quite
the pair and we do get some odd looks
walking a big dog like this and a little
dog forgot we've got tall and small and
we actually realized that Molly is the
size of Reggie's head so just for
reference uh yeah
it suits quite the duo very funny and
obviously I'm the one who's walking
Molly whilst this stays walking Reggie
it's you know we like to have the
contrast there Evan well the reason why
I'm walking one is because they go this
thing would be the reason why I'm
talking a walk in Molly's because she's
quite vicious actually I like Reggie
who's a calm cool collected Molly is
very frightened of everything and
insecure about herself so she will bark
scream her head off at any chance so
I've gotten quite used to that over the
years so I'm in charge of Molly's
because I just try and keep her as quiet
as possible and make it stress-free as I
can walk walk walk walk walk walk walk
walk walk walk walk walk walk walk just
about to edit my makeup collection video
which
hoping to get up tomorrow sad times 33
minutes of footage so this should be fun
little Molly is just chilling out over
here just hangin up you know it's going
to edit this time flies when you're
editing I've been editing for I can't
believe it but it's been over an hour
and a half and I'm still not done I
haven't even got through the video once
yet I have managed to get it down to 21
minutes but you know we're still working
on things so yeah makeup makeup makeup
collection we decided to go to the
grocery store because I know we were
just at the grocery store yesterday but
we were just like quick in and out
yesterday we need to do like a full-on
grocery store haul so we've actually
decided to go to this really big Tesco
which is a little bit further than the
one we normally go to but apparently
it's like huge it's called Tesco Extra
and that means extra stuff yeah right so
just gonna see what's on offer you have
anything to save the vlog today no just
doing my best homeless blessing
impression I was outfit like you don't
know if it's hipster or homeless or
pajamas that's what you aim for yeah ooh
what you think hey what do you think red
yeah he's like don't go to the grocery
store please or at least can I come
nobody you can't come to the grocery
store you'll get kicked out Oh mister
Masumi you glad to be back with reg he's
the man damn your you stupid life ruiner
you don't even know guys you don't even
know every single trolley I've tried to
get access to was jammed somehow and I
and this guy said oh you can have this
when my tag on a cab gets here was gonna
take about five minutes like Nana I'll
go around so I walk all around Tesco
tried every single Charlie everything
one is damn and eventually went all the
way around again the guides cab came so
I ended up getting that oh my god it's
us we didn't even have a one-pound coin
so we had to stand in line try to get
changed this thing I hate it so much
every time what are you just lucky to do
this what they should do a credit card
your card just pop that in there it
works on that that's a good idea
obviously that
that's a good idea a card we're being
shockingly healthy right now we've got
lettuce or salad we've got you know
finished right here
lots of fruit vegetables it's a
beautiful thing the beautiful thing I'm
so impressed it has a deli section here
and it felt like this full deli here
which believe it or not is hard to come
by in British supermarkets and an entire
olive bar selection so that's pretty
cool pretty cool we're getting some ice
cream I decided to go for the
haagen-dazs cookies and cream might I
say though the best ice cream in the
world is the haagen-dazs vanilla Swiss
almond which I don't think is actually
sold in England and because I look for
it every day every hour every minute of
my life and what are you getting today
sir maybe maybe a ice cream bars yeah
your choice is it gonna be oh man those
look good oh my god look at this oh my
god these salted caramel ice creams
problem with the there's only three of
them though which isn't the best price
for 2007 not the best but I bet it's
gonna be good I want to take it I want
to take a risk on this yeah
the following table is I end up eating
half the tumbler you just grab whatever
with this I just feel like I'll feat one
of these you know you're satisfied you
don't go back for a second yeah that's
true good point but I'm still getting it
I used to be beyond obsessed with the
Snickers ice cream bars oh my god and
even just looking at it now I'm like oh
come back to me come back to me but the
thing is is I have no self-restraint and
I think I did eat an entire box of these
in like the span of maybe a day and a
half because they're so good if you've
never tried them get them I'm talking
really fast but you should really just
try them I'm just gonna walk away it's
about 9:30 at night now and we got home
about an hour ago we were just cleaning
the kitchen unloading the groceries and
as you can see we have a fully stocked
fruit bowl and it even spilled over onto
the counters so that's exciting
well I mean exciting I don't know it's
exciting for us I've also been doing
some laundry
it's that joyful moment where you get
back from vacation and then you've got
like it feels like three months worth of
laundry so I'm working on that and I
think
going to edit this vlog that you're
watching right now and I'm going to edit
my makeup collection so if you take a
look in the description box of this vlog
my makeup collection might already be up
I'm not sure we shall see you're
spoiling your supper you're spoiling
your supper with some yogurt sorry I'm
the kind of mother colonist and Muller
corners it's like it has yogurt on one
part and then it has like something
there on the other part and then you mix
it together I'm a friend of the young
the Greek scholar the ones they do the
dessert ones dessert ones are horrible
they're like let's do sweet you might
all just be eating a chocolate but I
don't actually like yogurt but what I
did get which I was kind of very really
excited about was this shut the fridge
this is the innocent pure fruit smoothie
peaches and apricot so number one I
don't like smoothies with dairy and then
number two I don't like smoothies with
banana in them because I think banana is
like you know it's a bit of a filler
ingredient and then it takes over the
whole taste like the whole smoothie
tastes like banana by the way that's a
very controversial opinion what are you
doing oh my god I think yoga is actually
really good for dogs
you've got peaches pear apple apricots
orange and lemon so I will try this why
don't I just try it now let you guys
know right now why make you wait just
pour the tiniest amount into this cup
when I try and I'm gonna be honest about
my opinion here oh damn that's good
a little bit sour that's kind of what
hit me first but you taste the peach
which is my favorite fruit and you and I
are gonna have some fun this week now
can I do my juice the resistance yeah
cold-pressed juice I don't know if you
guys have heard of this if you don't you
maybe have lots of people will juice a
fruit and then the content to do is
they'll pasteurized and I'm going to
kill the bacteria so it increases the
shelf life for example in smooth does
that as well yeah yeah
and inputs of pasteurization it actually
kills lots nutrients etc really yeah
coal press what they do is they don't
pasteurize they press it and they keep a
call it decreases the sugar the Molly
come on now girl come on now
nobody likes a needy doggie I want to do
is they press it and then they don't
pasteurizer they just keep it cold it
does decrease the lifespan but it does
make for a more nutritious oh now let me
try it alright right now okay
as look does have this way of selling
things like he's just it's like us rooms
it like I didn't know that about the
innocence movie I think it's that
knowledge whether it's true or not it's
very persuasive I've got the Granny
Smith apple one here so it should be
quite tough I don't like orange apple
juices that are very sweet but for them
a little bit Tom oh it's clear I'm
confused you try purrs oh wow oh yeah
not like nothing like nothing else
nothing else not very sweet like I could
see in your eyes it was like a crazy day
because you had the look crazy look oh
okay let me try it yeah it's like
nothing else
yeah kind of like it actually just
tastes like pretty flavored water yeah
but more more flavorful I like it I like
it
it tastes clean yeah just tastes clean
so is that just full of sugar and
everything to what I'm trying to find
this probably shouldn't be a 250 ml
serving it says here 100 105 calories I
don't know if you can see that but
that's what it's a 105 gallons Molly
what are you growling at what are you
grabbing at nothing around
this is Molly she's just growl stuff
from this is general Creek so it's 105
calories per turn 50 Mill side which is
a glass really and then the innocent
smoothie per glass 20 50 mil is 100 and
a kilocalorie so only 15 calories there
isn't that much more nutritious benefits
than that
meh yeah I think more than that but the
cold press to do like smoothies into
juices and yeah
see that's cool oh you learned something
new every day until you didn't like that
juice no I loved it yeah yeah yeah I
really like it it's just really
different I've never because I was
expecting something really sour but it
wasn't sour okay I see I was bracing
myself I met injures news yeah I think
we will be ending the blog tickity here
yeah because we can tell him on his gang
go hang six nobody gamer any intent yeah
aren't you money your date and leave a
man cuz nobody paying the change we are
the groceries store yeah we could resist
buffalo-style yeah
bubbling away I guess we will see you
next time on youtube.com slash as you
button vlogs yeah for more to 3ds yeah
bye
