long time no see everybody indeed
vlogmas ended and we kind of went off
the Richter scale of the trick to see
that yeah operator all three yeah so we
just wanted to do a quick little recap
vlog I sent like a recap I mean it's
only been like what like six days since
our last vlog it's not a recap it's just
a high we're still alive when I'm dead
yeah so the original plan was to end
vlogmas and then vlog a little bit in
canada as well but clearly that didn't
happen we are leaving Canada tomorrow is
our last day I've seen a lot of comments
from you saying where are the Canada
vlogs why haven't you been vlogging
where are the vlogs we want to see vlogs
from Canada and I totally get that but
as most of you can probably appreciate I
don't get to come home very often and I
probably see my family maybe 20 days out
of the entire year so um yeah we weren't
really doing much we were really just
chilling out this was like a hang out
holiday just hanging out with my mom my
brother my grandparents my family and
friends and stuff like that so vlogging
just didn't really uh didn't really
happen so I think we were just really
trying to cherish the the time that we
had here yeah I didn't want to you know
worry about vlogging got the idea put
all that stuff um kind of have any
distractions or such yeah and I think as
well like my family they get vlogging
they understand it I do it but I mean
they're not really interested in being
in the vlogs or anything like that and
it's quite invasive if you know you're
with somebody who doesn't want to do
flogging and like it's it makes life a
little bit awkward and difficulties like
oh I can't have you in the show yeah it
just takes a totally different spin on
things so I hope you guys can understand
our selfishness sometimes you gotta be
selfish sometimes you just got to say
okay I'm putting the vlogging camera
down look out for number one look up for
number one family time hashtag family
time we are still in the vlogging world
we are loving it love and vlogging and
we thought we'd do a little recap vlog
just to say what we've been up to what
we've been doing in Canada although we
don't have any footage of it we did have
a pretty intense bingo around
yeah went to bingo once those but that
was Aslan's first time at bingo he loved
you know doing the bingo dabbing we
actually have a few photos of us from
bingo that were on my Instagram and he's
got one on his Instagram as well but
I'll insert all of those now they're so
funny
we went to a bunch of thrift stores
which we will show you a couple things
we got from the thrift stores as well
once we actually route through the bags
we've got to do that soon but we'll show
you just a couple of things we found at
the thrift stores because there were
some good stuff and of course Oh guys
you know me yes this is Essie button
vlogs but Essie button went shopping for
beauty yes she did
and I was international it was I went to
America I crossed the border and I went
to Buffalo and I hit up the drugstores
there and I got so much makeup bit of a
problem but I'm a problem but I'm not
gonna show any of that in this video I'm
gonna have to go over to my main channel
for that and my blog just know that
there's gonna be some Holland coming up
and we were actually thinking about
going to Toronto at one point yeah
because I my family doesn't live in
Toronto I know a lot of people think
that I've grew up in Toronto in the city
but we actually my family lives about an
hour and a bit away from Toronto so you
know kind of a journey especially in the
crazy weather we're having here it's
like really cold really snowy so yeah we
were we were planning going and it's
gonna spend a day there but wind up not
going cuz the weather was just not right
for it I mean nobody wants to walk out
around when it's minus 25 oh yeah I
think it was like minus 20 and we were
just like the thought of walking around
Toronto maybe not everything is like
we've been we've been six hours a couple
of times so it's we've seen like things
so it's kind of like oh we would think
about maybe going down to in the
distillery aber hood yeah walking around
but it's with the way they wasn't right
yeah so maybe if we come back in the
summertime we'll go there I'm speaking
of that there are vlogs from the summer
time last summer we came to Canada and
there are like I think three or four
vlogs from Canada if you want to see
what Canada's like in the summer time
there were some funny times last summer
and those long
so I'll link those down below so maybe
that'll make up for the fact that we
didn't log yeah um what else to do and
said well instead of walking out onto a
side to head up York del mall
yeah but big mall in Toronto and there's
lots of cool stuff because I've not been
to like a really big like Canadian mall
and your girl world's a pretty nice ball
and beta really nice I haven't been
there for a couple of years and it's
been told I don't know if it's been
redone but I mean it looks chic and
sleek in there yeah
and they had like cratenbarrel which is
this in terrorist so and I've only ever
seen website only been on the website
and to actually finally be able to go
into the physical shop was really cool
yeah we were walking and he's like oh my
god great and barrels that was not you
know my worst accent ever honestly I'm
not a big cooking person or anything
like that you guys know that but I was
obsessed with the cooking section there
and they had oh my so many amazing
things in cratenbarrel yeah like the
cooking section is so good for having
like all these random little items
there's little things yeah you know you
wouldn't use them everyday but for some
reason when you see them they're just
you're like I go me bad yeah yeah so we
bought a couple of things from Crate and
Barrel and they actually mentioned that
they're coming to the UK we asked the
woman who is working there yeah which
was really cool I hope I hope it says
good and my favorite parts from there
yeah is I don't actually have these set
up for that one yeah that's right there
but my favorite part is from there's
actually these it's called my little
white part wooden balancing blocks and
you can kind of like watching Judge Judy
here as per freaking usual they're just
some balancing blocks and you know you
can just balance um so cool things on
there maybe you want to go for Oh
balance them balance that was well yeah
but you know if you walk in it and it
they do they do end up looking pretty
cool they are you doing properly like
you know something like this if we do a
little bit interpretation the pressure
is on the pressure is on oh that's so
cool he had one like up really high the
other day these were like forty percent
off the normal price yeah and it was a
sound enough it was like Christmas stock
and they didn't have a box and boy
you're like that
he was like oh my god balancing blocks
or whatever it was just yeah we were
like a little bit like two kids in a
candy store
yeah I was really nice yeah and what
else was there I went to David's tea
yeah I might actually do a separate T
home to you hopefully okay yeah we went
to David's tea because a lot of people
on Twitter said if you're in Canada go
to Davidson you like tea which we love
to eat and I was thinking like you know
how much different could it be but it's
it's a it's a really different concept
when it comes to selling tea and really
unique flavors and it's like all the tea
stores that either be especially like in
London they're all kind of very good a
traditional lien to them you know yeah
everything is very kind of almost stuffy
in a way and David sees through the
opposite of that as maybe yeah like yeah
like the shop like the way it looks is
very clean modern all the names of all
the different teas are like they're not
that almost kind of like the names for
makeup products they're not like actual
Tina's oh it wouldn't be called like
Ceylon tea like jungle juju yeah like
yeah so names yeah it was cool it's go
ahead and and we had a lovely girl
called Lani
yeah something else it was uh was pretty
like a little baby extrovert
yeah talk a little bit crazy but in a
good way and yeah I like gone to
Jessica's like this is my first time
here she's like okay Mitchell I got us
like really I've never seen someone so
excited about teeth but it was really
cool so if you come to Canada try to
check out David's tea yeah I'm not being
paid for this
in fact I bought all the tea myself no
sadly too much tea a bit of too much
teeth yeah yeah but no seriously this it
seems I mean I've only been at that one
time but it seems really cool yeah oh
and one more cool store that we saw in
your dorm or was the store called Taz ta
zeti
I don't know if that's actually how you
say it yeah but it smelled TAS Eddie and
it was a really cool concept it was a
high-end olive oil shop if that makes
sense yeah I've never seen anything like
this I'm okay let's just back it up here
do you guys know how much I'm obsessed
with olives I freaking love olives like
I used to despise them never would eat
them but olives
I crave them all the time you
like them what else like of them tell
them I want to eat them no yep if I
could swell them all I'd probably do
that they're just I just love the taste
of olives and olive oil so then we came
across this store that is like specialty
olive oil yeah it's like imagine if
there was like a Louboutin equivalent in
leather this would be the story like a
really like high-end store and this all
just like specialize in olive oil and
like balsamic vinegar yeah but it yeah
well it was pretty cool I was like
really sparsely like later yeah things
were like stuck into each other yeah it
was like a designer shop but for olive
oil and like if you were to just walk
past it and just glance like you
wouldn't think oh there's an olive oil
store you'd think like can I get a
handbag in there like it was so well
designed funnily enough the owner of the
store actually watched our vlog yeah and
small world small world and so then she
was kind of just telling us about this
olive oil and I never really had an
interest in olive oil but I mean I love
olive oil I love cooking olive oil and
they had like it was awesome to be able
to sample like tons of different I was
like in olive oil I think my favorite
thing was the pomegranate balsamic
vinegar holy mother if you like salads
and you know olive oil and vinegar
that's like you know the combo I love
that on salads but this pomegranate
balsamic vinegar is that's a mouth gasm
right there that's like the bet that's
the best vinegar I've ever had my entire
life so we bought a bottle of that and
there was some other olive oil yeah
olive oils we got like balsamic vinegar
and they had a balsamic vinegar that was
aged like a hundred years yeah yeah
which is kind of crazy and yeah but I
mean like it was cool I've never seen
anything like that and I was really cool
I thought yeah I was like gastronomy but
meets high-end fashion yeah yeah but it
was just cool to hear the history about
olive oil because obviously her and her
husband owned it so she knows a lot
about olives it olive oil and just the
way that it's produced like this
specific store is it organic or what was
she saying like if some of its like yeah
aged 100 years and it's just with the
most pure olive oil you can get yeah was
it just made on a very small scale it's
made by like a farming collective in
eastern Turkey that sort of thing yeah
so
forever in York do mall or I think I've
got a couple other stores will link to
their shop down below if you're in olive
oil or balsamic vinegar enthusiasts will
link to their site down below because
that stuff is good you'll probably be
seeing us cooking with some of that in
the near future yeah we're actually
gonna have to buy an extra luggage bag
to take the olive oil back because we're
like over the limit but we just couldn't
you know just couldn't stop that olive
oil craving another thing I wanted to
mention and I will be putting this on my
blog and probably talking about this on
my youtube channel at some point but I
just wanted to say in this because I'm
excited about it I know that was really
long way to say that I came across this
store in Waterloo Ontario it is called
the truth beauty company okay now when I
walked in there I was kind of like
looking around I didn't even know it was
there and then I was kind of looking
around I was like wait a minute
there's tons of very cool brands here
and all of it I'm not I don't know if it
was all organic but the owner of the
store mentioned that she doesn't allow
products to be sold in her store that
have petrochemicals and all of this bla
bla bla bla
she mentioned that she does have a
website so I'll link to that down below
if I can find it but I did buy a couple
of things um she stopped fake and yarrow
which I was so excited about because I
have a couple fig and yarrow products
which I love but I've never actually
been to a store and been able to see a
couple of the things so I bought the
yarrow buttercream and I also bought
April there goes the dog and I also
bought a perfume by the brand soap and
paper factory which I have a feeling
this is going to be a new obsession for
me this smells exactly like the coda
lead divine oil if you like that this is
it so I just wanted to mention that
quickly and briefly but watch out on my
blog for a little review of those two
things so here is the David's tea bag
tea bag tea bag that's good here
David's tea bag and I'm not gonna oh I'm
not going to show you guys what's inside
because I'm going to do a separate haul
I'll do it on the vlog Channel when we
get home but yeah David's teas pretty
sweet and here's a menu if anybody's
interested Oh they've got like let's
just briefly go through this white teas
green pea Oh more green just tons of
team long pea yeah so that's that now oh
I wish probably talk about the the song
but the thrift stores yeah um my
favorite fine by far are these awesome
old mason jars that we got I don't know
if you could tell that which is made in
Canada like crown and if I turn it over
you'll be able to see the year hope you
can but that says 1935 so this is nearly
like a 90 year old bottle of glass the
coolest thing is that it's got a they
have glass seals none of this rubber
crap it's fully closed because you only
they just have like a piece of tinners
up there like seats of that kind of
material have actual original glass seal
and the best thing about it just cost
one buck one dollar one dollar dollar
dollar yep so cheap so we got like a few
and there's other ones go different the
balls all right all improved I think oh
and I there's the receipt in here I got
this little jar thing and I already have
one of these exactly the same shape at
home but it's it's actually prettier
than this one nope but I really liked it
still it's got these cool little fern
Leafs on it and I usually just drink
water or iced tea out of this I don't
know there's something about this that I
just like the the you know you know it's
just I won't do it to this because this
has not been washed best part about this
ladies and gentlemen 80 cents yeah
you're 80 something that's I couldn't
pass it up we also found one of these
little you know I have a white one of
these I love them Eric s-phase brother
calls these the bomb glasses yeah he
says like oh did you get another bomb
boss not that anybody here knows what
that is but I have a white one of these
and I like a lot and then as I found
this when he's like oh it's the same as
your white one but it's clear and I just
I think it's I know something about this
I just like it like clear the blood
twins yeah he'll be twins yeah exactly
sisters not twins
okay next um I got myself this Pyrex
Bowl I needed another small parts
measuring cup but this one says fire
King on the front which I thought was
kind of cool cuz the only other ones
I've ever seen said Pyrex but this is
Fire King yeah we don't know really what
that means so if anybody knows let us
know yeah there you go
let us know if you know I also got this
which is obviously a cutlery organizer
thing I mean I don't think this is
vintage or anything of the sorts but I
thought this would be good in my makeup
storage collection so um I know I just
thought it was a little bit more unique
than your blushes in here put your
brushes in here put your eyeshadow put
your nail polish and put your friend
concealer your for concealing yeah
 really yeah that's a hot
foundation I'm feeling and this was
$2.00 so that's good next notice
different Smith foundation concealer
I'll explain this later okay we went to
Crate & Barrel yeah and like we were
already saying we just freaking love
that entire store we won't go into it
again um but one thing I saw and I was
like I won't buy it I'm gonna get that
and this is pretty cool that's it is
pretty you know might as well explain
this because he's a better man for the
job
okay so what we have here is something
that looks like a wine bottle but it's
not a wine bottle it's not even for one
what it is is a cold tea brewing machine
so the machine is just like an object
the starter machine it's not dead it's
just the top is just silicon this is
made out of glass right here yeah it's
very nice thin glass and then on the top
we have this little filtration tool
right there and then the top just kind
of comes off and then obviously you can
just pour the tea out but the special
thing about it is that what you're meant
to do is you put two or three table are
teaspoons of tea in there and fill it
fill it up with cold water and then you
swirl it around and you leave it in your
fridge
six hours and what it does is it brews
the tea but not with hot water with cold
water so you completely avoid any sort
of bitterness that normally comes from
over brewing tea and just you're left
with a nice clean sweet true kind of
authentic flavor of purity now is it
just me or is that worthy of an
infomercial because that was quite the
explanation are you practically mad no
my god
yeah so anyway I bought it for all of
those reasons that he just said you're
interested it's called the filter in
bottle cold brew tea and it's by hurry
Oh har I oh yeah and I'm trying not to
drink as much juice so iced tea is
definitely the way forward for me also
from cratenbarrel
I got this dental utensils haha JK just
kidding it's not a dental utensil it's a
spoon straw spoon straw I don't even
know
turn around oh there's the straw I don't
even know what is the purpose of this so
I think it's so you can stir and then
sip with the same utensil yeah but I
just really loved the idea I I have a
dental tool I don't you some of you
might remember this vaguely oh you have
believe he did behind Haeckel - yeah
last time I was in Canada I bought a
dental tool and I just like these and I
got one for myself and one for Gemma so
Gemma that you're excited about this
got you a spoon straw oh yeah you know
it's metal its metal you know how
frustrating it is try to stir things
with just a strong yeah like it's just
no it doesn't mean you get a like toilet
around ten times with this yes
are you sick of trying to stir your
beverage with just a straw are you sick
and tired of how you are wrist aches up
to thirty ten times what you need is the
amazing spoon straw and suddenly you're
really happy because before you yeah
we love like infomercial products and
actually well as I went to be as seen on
TV store oh yeah in the mall in America
there's a whole shop dedicated I see it
on TV yeah and yeah I put an Instagram a
Latinas
it's hilarious decimals and excuse the
mess in the background we are packing so
yeah uh so anyway I think that's all
we're gonna be mentioning isn't it yep
and just I want to say thank you guys I
mean lots of you basically just saying
how you miss the vlogs and how you wish
that we were vlogging so that's really I
was really nice to hear yeah it's good
to know that you know people actually
wanted to watch more of our boring lives
not just watched it but liked it enough
cream is it more so I hope you guys can
understand the family thing and why we
didn't actually love too much in Canada
but yeah yeah so the word will be
vlogging we'll try and vlog at least
probably once a week or so yeah we'll
definitely vlog the Reggie reunion yeah
when we get him on Sunday so anyway I
hope you guys had a really nice holiday
time we've been having a nice relaxing
time here in Canada hope you got good
things for Christmas okay new you is fun
ya know we had quite the New Year's
experience as well we had like an
intense card game with my grandparents
of my head was like that was quite fun
yeah deciding I guess we're gonna wrap
it up yeah we will see you later
back in England bye
