hello everybody I know I'm looking a
little bit rough that's because I'm
feeling a little bit rough so you
probably know that from watching our
vlogmas vlogs
anyway I we're just gonna have to deal
with the weird voice and the stippling
and the red eyes and the you know the
whole thing don't worry it's fine we're
gonna do this together and let's get
perked up because perked up because I'm
going to be filming a home haul video
today basically I went to TK Maxx
I think it's known as TJ Maxx in North
America not sure and HomeSense
and I bought a few things like blankets
pillows other random accessories and I
thought I would just you know combine it
all into a little video in case you're
interested I love going to stores like
the home scents because you just never
know what you're gonna find you can get
some good deals there and anyway let's
just get going I have some stuff here
like smaller things random things I'm
gonna start with and then a couple
blankets and pillows so first things
first this is a makeup related item it's
one of these clear lipstick holders and
you've probably seen these ones on my
desk so they hold like lots of lipsticks
and this one's a little bit smaller I
wasn't really in the market for this but
it said the original price was 13 pounds
then it was marked down to ten then just
seven down to five and five pounds I
think that's pretty good and I just
thought this would be nice to put my
most used lipsticks in maybe in my
bathroom or something like that just the
ones I reach for all the time like
everyday colors and I don't know I just
like it these things are really useful
next something for Reggie it is box of
scented poop bags these are lavender
scented these were 399 we needed poop
bags and I thought why not get some
scented ones I haven't actually smelled
them they definitely do have they smell
like my grandma's bathroom that's
exactly what they smell like not sure if
that's a good thing or a bad thing no
offense grandma
but yeah scented poop bags who even knew
they existed
these are biodegradable and extra strong
and extra-long that's what I like to
hear I got this little sippy cup thing
this was $4.99 this was
thing I really didn't need but it caught
my eye it had the bright colors it has a
swirly straw on the inside and I drink a
lot of water so I just thought this
would be like a nice little thing to
carry around with me all day every day I
just like it is happy it's cute like I
said definitely didn't need this but
when in Rome
aka when in TK Maxx or HomeSense
wherever I got this things jump out at
you that wouldn't normally that you
wouldn't normally want to buy but for
some reason at the time I wanted this I
got this really pretty strainer never
thought I'd be saying really pretty
strainer but it is pretty it's this
light pink color it's by the brand Swift
says Swift essential kitchen tools it's
a very fine sifter so I thought it would
be good for like smaller grains and
stuff like that that can sometimes slip
through other sifters and let's be
honest I just like the color I have two
soaps both are peppermint I'll start
with this one here which is probably the
most sort of well known it's the dr.
Bronner's magic soap and this is in the
peppermint scent oh my gosh I love
peppermint scented things I love the way
it feels I love the way it tingles I
like the way it it's just a very clean
thing don't you think like it's just the
cleanest scent possible it makes you
feel so clean I have the liquid version
of this to wash my makeup brushes with
but I wanted to test this out and see
how this worked on my body this was
originally 399 and I bought it for $2.99
and another peppermint soap I couldn't
resist was in this cute little tin this
is by the Scottish fine soaps company I
really liked the tin it cost 399 and
then inside the tin is a little bar of
soap oh my gosh it smells so good if
this one kind of smells slightly
peppermint tea and slightly oat e
something like that I don't know I
haven't looked at the ingredients or
anything but that's kind of what it
smells like it's not so methylated but
really really really nice I got these
two pillows here because our bedroom is
very mint green themed and I've been
looking for some decorative pillows
these ones I thought
really cute it's actually so hard to
find pillows that you like these are
knitted so I think that's kind of pretty
and then they have these little buttons
on it which is cute and then the back is
just like oh just smoke my face with the
pillow the back is just like a normal
material nothing special about that
these were $14.99 each and now I'm so
glad that I've done this video so I can
put them on my bed and see how they look
another mint-green item that I'm going
to now wear as a scarf but it is
actually a blanket I wanted a little
throw blanket for the end of our bed
just to spice it up a little bit my
bedroom or our bedroom is very lacking
in the decor department and I thought
this would just tie everything in
together I'm looking for a price tag
here this was oh wow 20 pounds but it
was originally 50 pounds down to 20 so I
don't think that's actually that bad and
let's see how big this baby is not that
you will be able to tell at all it's
very big it's very big if you have been
watching our vlogs you've probably seen
a lot of our living room and we have a
cream-colored sofa and sort of a blue
colored sofa well it's not sort of a
blue colored sofa it is a blue sofa so I
thought this little blanket would look
good because it's got feel like white
cream color and it's got a navy blue so
I thought another thing to just tie it
all together I thought that that would
be quite nice and let's see how much
this was this was 1699 which is really
good all of the blankets and pillows
were from HomeSense and they always just
have the best selection of blankets and
pillows so I knew I wanted to get in
there and get some blankets and pillows
so I was really happy when I saw this
because I really liked it it's got these
little white tassel things here last but
certainly not least is another blanket
still don't know where I'm gonna put it
I might put it on this little couch back
here but the reason I'm so excited about
this is because it's orange and orange I
used to hate the color orange I used to
just despise it and I actually when I
saw someone wearing orange it made me
like that person less how weird is that
but I just thought you're wearing orange
we can't be friends but now I love the
color orange whenever I see people
wearing orange I get a little bit happy
inside and I really like it so when I
saw this blanket I was like
yes it's got this gorgeous like almost
like I kind of thought this was a little
Scandinavian looking but it's kind of
like a geometric style of print and it's
got these little tassels on the bottom I
am completely obsessed with this blanket
I absolutely love it I absolutely love
everything and this was 1699 so I
thought that was a pretty good deal so
you might be seeing that in the
background that was my entire home hall
I hope you guys like this and it wasn't
too boring and weird and pointless but I
thought I always like watching what
people get for their homes because
everybody decorates so so differently so
much differently than everybody else
that you know the sickness deliriousness
is coming through loud and clear anyway
I hope you guys liked it give it a
thumbs up if you did and let me know if
you'd like to see more of these in the
future I don't go shopping for home
stuff too often but you never know when
the mood strikes I strike back so I will
wrap it up now and I will see you in my
next video bye
