is there a more beautiful sight in the
world than this look at Lois chilling
out on the silver here in the Sun so
cute just notice that his son the
sunlight as oh I don't think I've had
this much done my England for probably
the last two months the the matter son
I've got this morning is the combination
of the Sun of funding of the past two
months we where I only have one eyebrow
half done okay I really can't do good as
an IRA pose just like laying on our bed
just basking in the Sun yep
if you just have a look outside it's
it's a beautiful sunny clear sky day
just amazing like I remember when I was
growing up and kind of stunned this is
what the weather would be like in the
winter never would say oh it's so cold
there must really suck in the winter
like it's cold no but it doesn't suck it
sucks listener doesn't in even because
there's Sun and you feel good like it
has Sun you feel good ya know if it's
gray and in horrible day that's when you
feel bad I'm feeling a little bit a
little bit of headache this morning
hopefully that goes away yeah so
hopefully I won't get me through I stays
just doing her makeup here think of
hitting up Timmy hohos again someone's
for a sandwich a double double call it's
like the fact that you even know that
Macy's okay thanks get some Timbits yeah
for sure Louie is absolutely obsessed
with Aslan and he's the kind of dog that
would never just lay around and as I'm
sitting here in this chair before does
he know and Louie is chilling out right
under it you loved you nice a cute
little guy everybody who watches these
blogs regularly knows that I love Tim
Hortons and I've loved Tim Hortons since
I was a child
I remember my mom going through the
drive here and getting some chocolate
chip cookies and I remember just like
hot like it's one of the like best
childhood memories is like Tim Hortons
is such a Canadian thing isn't it it's
just such a Canadian thing anyway so
everybody knows I love Tim Hortons and
apparently Tim Hortons even knows I like
Tim Hortons and they sent me some Tim
Hortons paraphernalia so this is the
first thing this little Tim Hortons
tumbler which is so nice and you just
flip this cam very weak
very weak now you just flip this open
get your coffee or tea or whatever in
there and if you remember in one of my
older vlogs you I said that I collect
these ornaments and I don't have this
one I guess this is the new one for this
year I can't open it up right now hang
on I think this is one of my favorite
Tim Hortons ornaments that I now own
this even has the little tab where you
open it up and it looks like there's
coffee or hot chocolate in there which
is so cute I absolutely love this and
they sent me this two importance candy
cane oh that's the French side candy
cane hot chocolate which I've never
tried so I have to try that and a Tim
card $25 Tim card oh yeah so we are
definitely hitting up to importance for
breakfast this $25 Tim card is gonna
keep us covered because we go there a
lot I can't wait to get some Tim bits
and donuts some Oh muffins sandwiches
shoes whoops yeah bagels oh my I love
the morning bagel belt thing that they
do yeah and I want to see if they came
out with anything new because we were
here in the summertime and they had like
new lemonade and stuff and I'm gonna
even got the fake coffee on that side
you see that yeah I showed it and I also
also has like the stain will stay yeah
uh-huh
it's so cute look at this no no
absolutely everywhere
gosh just sit there
Oh haven't felt this in a while
Austin's last ones I suppose but yeah
it's not beautiful when was the last
time that I'm gonna had a proper like
white Christmas okay but last year was
it a lot of snow but wasn't sure was on
Christmas though I think that was much
no actual Christmas good yeah I suppose
a white Christmas every every year in
Canada and stays got himself a little
predicament
there's Lois that's right in her face
why are you taking off this is
disgusting got somebody farts right now
you'd be knocked out I'm surprised he's
even laying on me you're sick it was
said buddy he's already sitting yeah I
know if I wanted to I just hey when you
come to sit there we go
everybody has to be careful in Canada
the steps are pretty much usually
covered in ice me I see you can slide
just make sure you don't slide off and
break your neck slippery slag Oh see my
breath you can't really Cocina camera a
little bit yeah it's minus 11 today it's
so I see I can't even do through the
window down
it's frozen shut
destination terms reached she's excited
so we're in some Hortons and check out
this donut selection you don't get this
in England they're all freshly made on
sale and these are the famous Timbits
just little little box of donut
different flavors but yeah I wish we had
this kind of doneness like New England
so we've got our drinks and doughnuts
right here don't we yeah we're just
gonna take these to go well I think
we're heading to a poking bruh Fancy
Feast
for a feast fit for a king of buggers so
we get into Tim Hortons as you see I've
got my steeped tea here of course I'm
digging around my pockets to pay with my
Tim card that I just told you guys about
I forgot it at home
damn damn I hate when that kind of stuff
happens so I just paid with regular
money but don't worry that Tim card will
be put to good good use I have no doubt
about that that I will spend that $25 no
doubt in my mind no doubt my my own on
this trip Alan and I are both getting
Shirelles and I might have to say it was
my idea I know he's gonna try to take
credit for this but me yeah I've always
wanted a pair since high school and he's
going for the black ones I think Alan
and I got these matching hats in Morocco
and everybody in Canada's making fun of
this small pom-pom and I love it
still trying to boots on suited booted
Sudan booted no due to boot it anything
about it I am now the proud owner of
some Sorel boots now yeah the leather
ones we've got a free factory shoe
something that's good manufactory shoe
you did us proud except you didn't have
my boots in stock damn you that's good
yeah already happy here on became
delicious BK is always the same
everywhere in the world opposite it's
this Victoria party store and we're
thinking of going but the question the
real question is why the hell are all
the windows blacked out what is it about
Victoria party so they don't want passes
by to see
it's a front it's math your friend Eric
says because they sell you gear cards
and that's a little x-rated they don't
want to go inside the party stuff just
fine by me
they just party poopers get it get it
just some classic hangout in the mall
all right in the mall I never got that
like you don't see these American movies
and all the teenage would be hanging out
in the mall you know yeah I'm not home
just hanging out in the mall causing
trouble
causing ruckus this is like the most
complex you are know this in my life is
like ten thousand different things
attached to it
what the hell is this what the hell is
that
this is why it's not necessary look
freshness and I try to find a sticker
that says lives better with a greyhound
obviously the only one they have is this
that's it that's an Italian Greyhounds
like a real ground
kinda looks like the female version
degree yeah what's the comparison take
me cut see there's a couple cute couple
check this out guys it's a drive-through
ATM oh my god I can I cannot believe
this
we live in a land of convenience you
like that do you see do they have that
in England no because I don't drive yeah
well hopefully whatever good you go yeah
look how hilariously huge but we slipped
on a stake nobody like platform look
yeah one of my favorite things about
Canada is this chair because you can
just plop plop plop plop plop plop plop
oh yeah one thing I say loves more than
anything else is the Oprah Winfrey
Network his own channel which this has
been all all day and she just can't stop
watching you I love Oprah love what one
thing to another it's like Oh dr. oz we
got the interviews we've got the master
class the master clock we're baking
cookies with my mom you know mom doesn't
want to be in another room it's my
Mother's it's my writing but it's my
grandma's recipe so my great grandma
fifth brackets these are the best
aw look it's Xmas 1997 yeah vintage
you wrote in this at night 297 that's
dope
but more over here yeah but you've only
wrote this like a night are we on sugar
cookies or buttermilk what else is in
this book book I wonder
that's my grandma's writing oh my
grandma always writes on the back of
stuff see I think there's one yellow
metric converter let him know that's not
cool yeah this is what I was looking for
I knew my grandma had it
oh my snap crackle pop yeah for rice
krispies from the back of the box back
in the day yeah this is old yeah okay so
if I was taking ton of meat cooking so
today I saved me doing my cooking mom
has passed on the reins to me and now
I'm making the cookies so first step get
3/4 of a cup of butter or as I like to
say in Canada butter okay scratch that
not 3/4 two-thirds of a cup of butter
then you want to get 3/4 of a cup of
sugar got the finest red pop here one
tisp
of vanilla crack an egg in there oh good
okay
crack may get ya back milk and then get
full tips of it that's one and a half
turn that was probably for ready for you
pretty much add a little wash too little
oof that's fine that's fine you ruined
it no you know now you want to get
yourself a whisk and just whisk away no
a Peter Peter
I stay just put a quarter of a teaspoon
of salt and now she's measuring out two
cups of flour
so you want to add this gradually and
then mix it in don't add it all at once
after you've added the flour you just
want to add half a teaspoon of baking
powder then you mix it all up
when you have the two cups of flour will
probably be a little bit too liquid in
it in that case you want to just keep on
adding flour until it takes on kind of
this consistency kind of like a vanilla
ice cream but that's a little bit too
hard to turn you know what I mean you
don't have been to too liquidy kind of
like this so now it's time to roll out
the dough so you want to flour very
nicely they stay as down here flour up
the surface get your dough and drop it
on top then plot the second pup how many
flops is gonna take and then three plop
maybe another little plop this is more
of a poop than a plot let me go a little
clue you wanna have some flour at the
top very nice and then get your roller
and just roll it up roll it out to be
about half an inch thick got about half
an inch thick here and now you're gonna
get your cookie cutters out and cut out
their cookies we have a huge election
petaa's course election is looking good
I've never seen anything this impressive
well this building for years how old
would you say the oldest cookie cutter
is a mess 3040 years old yeah like some
of my grandma's I'm look this is a goose
oh that's cute yeah we'll do whatever
look there's a couple one Frosty the
Snowman gingerbread I always liked these
it's just simple like yeah so let's do
one
nice nice nice nice nice
do you want a goose Wanda sure okay so
we've a roller that we've cut out all
the shades now this is the hardest part
this is what separates the real Baker's
from the amateurs this day this Royce is
bunny rabbit there you go mm-hmm and
once you've done all these shapes yours
you can just re-roll it and then keep
them going to gonna find the easiest
thing is to kind of get it away from it
get the most away as you can
fun easiest thing just get away from the
pros to get somebody else to do it no is
it like get the dough away from them
Oh from cheerful little figurine yeah
and go in fast you heard of a messy
button lazy German get away and do it
fast
there we go oh come on now here's
Aslan's attempt at getting a cookie free
are you going for the leaf thank you the
leaf it's quite hard oh I see use my
technique what go in fast so hard and
fast so one you're nearly done with
getting all the cookies on the board you
want to pre-heat your oven to 350
that's Fahrenheit though that's not
Celsius I'm blazing hot Celsius and 350
Fahrenheit here's one I put in earlier
so you want to keep that in the oven for
how long Kelly
edges are just slightly tough so I told
until the edge is just slightly round
which I'm guessing this will be about 15
minutes sometimes not even 10 10 15
minutes of that just keep an eye out
this is a exact procedure so get them
like that when I just even ever so
slightly right on the edge because
they'll cook whilst they're on the rack
my grandma knits her own slippers and
they're downstairs so we're about to go
see if there's any that will fit us
yep but we're not gonna walk downstairs
we're gonna ride down right down slowly
but surely yeah I'll get there I surmise
locate the slippers we're trying to
figure out these are the only big ones
so that's for you I'm not sure they'll
even fit put them on they stretch yeah
fix it oh they're nice nice they suit
you perfectly I think yeah brings out
the car my eyes definitely you still
hauling them you got a little bobble on
the top I'm not going for these they
have a big hole Oh people nose line look
at this they're the Holy Ones oh I'll go
for the grace all right she great
keep it chic keep it quick nice look at
these they're so comfortable and you can
flip around on the floor no yes I'm
going to take her up
here's grandma's Christmas tree I
thought I'd show you a few ornaments
this is a mermaid and Apple these are
chocolate chocolate yeah and some
presents under there nice white tree
yeah what's a prison no star at the top
oh you're tired huh yeah we're both
tired of things the jet lag jet legs
hitting me yeah we're just making the
icing for the sugar cookies now um 9
o'clock at night yeah but we feel like
it's 2 o'clock because you know with
five hours but I had even even though we
got sleep it just takes your body yeah
it does but we're gonna try and make
these shoes with these you've got to try
and make them well yeah this is the last
day of vlogmas should we have a little
moment about Varmus yeah this have a
little murmur of language so yeah blow
this is pretty fun basically a lot more
fun than I expected and you really took
the reigns I did yeah you're great oh
yeah
thank you and I know a lot of you guys
are like Oh long as we over was so sad
but don't worry I was talking to we're
still gonna vlog I mean are we did blog
my sweet vlog pretty much weekly anyway
once we it's thought of me every day
obviously but like we'll probably vlog
like once or twice a week so yeah it's
not goodbye forever it's just goodbye
for now just see you later yeah just to
see you later but I sort of say thanks
uh all your guys support that was super
nice you know we've got really good
feedback which is always nice to hear
and stuff and lots people being watching
like you know every single one which is
very cool the comments your support it
sounds so cheesy lame but it's so true
yeah it's nice to me but it makes it
worthwhile after doing videos it's fun
yeah so we hope everybody's having a
great Christmas by the time this goes up
it'll be Christmas Day hope your
presence will good oh yeah yeah and
we're gonna be making the cookies masks
let's go okay so my mom made the icing
for the cookies it's butter milk
icing sugar and a little bit of vanilla
mix it all together here it is and now
I'm just gonna put this in a small bowl
and add some food coloring to decorate
the cookies she added some food color
- yeah just some red yeah now we got the
cookies yeah we're gonna be sugar in the
cookies decorators maker this thing my
mom got it Target
it's like a sugar done decorating then
what's the thing on the side head so you
get like better stability just in case
it goes too much power it's like I don't
even know how do you work it so far as
it's a fail so far so bad all right so
we'll just carry on doing the rest of
the turkeys okay so these cookies are
pretty much done and we got these
cookies here as well these ones look
better I'll go through it cuz I know
ready yeah me me me me me
Azlan me Aslan Aslan yep so those are
the cookies I'm gonna leave them
overnight chill harden it's Christmas
Eve oh oh so anyway we're very tired and
delirious this is it it's just the end
of vlogmas the clip is saying goodbye
for now if the clip is having a Merry
Christmas I'm gonna wear the clip just
you know you got to get it all and get
all the hair Inari
this is a last goodbye yeah so again
thanks to everyone who was like our
videos was supportive left comments yeah
all of that stuff it was pretty cool
that you know what to do and I think
it'll be amazing to look back on this in
years to come and be so sentimental so
we are ending it here don't worry there
will be more vlogs in the future of
course and more Reggie cam of course my
Reggie cam owe me that yeah so we hope
everyone's having a good Christmas good
holiday time and we will see you when we
see you next and I'll be sure yeah
