good morning it's about fuck work in the
morning now woke up at 4:00 that was
horrible
actually really terrible because we went
to bed well not too late winter like a
twelve so but so far I was asleep when
you normally get sevens kind of shitty a
little bit
eggsy a little bit you know irritable
that's okay I've got all my stuff
downstairs now everything's ready packed
and we are set to go I stay still got a
few things to back off says but nothing
nothing major the taxi is coming in half
an hour so it still got plenty of time
the weather outside looks okay it's not
raining or anything and it's not that
windy I don't think yet anyway so we
will see you how the story unfolds all
right so there's my bag this stays back
packed and ready to go right I'm very
moody I'm in bed it I give it
I've a glee remember waking up this
morning and punching the bed a few times
kicking the bed being so mad at me for
leading the light on yeah you like left
a freaking light off again Oh God but
you know let's just perk up let's be
happy we're going I'm going home so I'm
hungry yeah well I did have left some
things out so you got a strawberry yeah
okay
so I had a look at the Air Canada
website and I did say that all flights
to Toronto International could be
affected or canceled so that I'd look at
the Heathrow website there's nothing
specific about our flight the egg house
I didn't mention anything specific I'll
fly either so I think we should have to
go there and see how it goes and just
hope for the best
you know we'll be making our way about
ten minutes or so I'm cutting up this
cheese bread seriously I had like I get
like anxiety when I don't have food with
me so I just want to bring this up
here's your buddy's cup of bread and
bring it yeah just like a couple slices
it's like get carsick all right yeah
that's fine um kind of boy little red
cheese what is he doing now he's
probably sleeping last night
like right before bed I remember I was
inside me I miss Reggie I do miss him
got that would you love it well see you
probably the airport go to the airport
dropped off the bags bad news though
what I actually sitting next to each
other it was a little bit late and then
they didn't have enough seats for us to
sit next to each other but we thought
maybe today the airline person could
help us but the answer is no so although
they didn't charge us for the fact that
estees bag was over the way yeah I would
have been 65 pound torch they should
just let it lie so I think because we
made a big deal about and I'll be honest
with each other we didn't really make a
big deal we just I wish we made with
there's nothing no what any we can do
she we were going to free up right yes
true hey can I go through security
Annette made it through that's probably
the smoothest security experience of the
head of my life no this is a very nice
actually
so let's have a look at our fly here
that nine o'clock Toronto it opens at
eight o'clock so we have an hour and 15
minutes for your customers breakfast why
not as you guys know if you can watch my
blog you'll know my skin has been
absolutely fudge and that's the only
word for it there's another word for it
that's not very nice but I do say it on
occasion but we'll stick with the word
fudge
anyway lots of people are saying it's
because of the benefit hello oxygen Wow
Foundation and come to think of it
that's when my skin started to get
screwed when I started using it here it
is look benefit benefit damn you damn
you I don't know if that's actually the
cause but I haven't changed anything
else I'm assuming that's the cause so
I'm gonna stop using it obviously and
see if that helps oh I don't know let me
know if you've had any issues I've
clearly had his shoes
it's my skins usually relatively normal
in this month of course the only month
that I'm doing vlogmas anything absolute
shit
Oh duty free Oh duty free I'll get going
Smith why here we are
stays fascinated with the London section
and in Smith's like it I'm gonna get
myself a little magazine for the maybe a
minute newspaper god I haven't read the
news we've in a while but yeah I guess
enough magazine
I'm thinking maybe private private I
quite enjoy reading quite violently I
don't know why
so welcome to the boring section let me
take in a little whistle stop to go
classic Thomas time I go for a Christmas
double issue polite spectator but not
today how to think not today
whoa we're waving again there this is my
flying position I always get in
everywhere well for midway through the
trip Foreign Affairs now this is a
little bit too heavy Tory I think I
might have over that should have a
private eye come on I'm not I'm not
twelve little boy yeah I'm a
sophisticated man clearly I'm a twelve
year old boy was I'm like a loose drone
aircraft for those of you who don't know
what private eye is it's a British
satirical political magazine weekly
release very funny memories I already
have a Reaper fire on the airplane
probably because as I'm flying away from
England I wanted like hang on to the
right the most British thing I know and
this is probably it right here come on
Maisie you're only gonna be gone for ten
days
yeah but I need this I need this to keep
saying look at this luxury section Bally
bugger
Gucci you're not luxury you want eatery
yeah with already the only thing we
found so far is a prayer which isn't
great you know so trying to find a
better restaurant I don't actually sit
down places that's going to do a decent
like when we cook breakfast
there's rhubarb place but I cook
breakfast is 10 pounds so it seems like
a bit of a scam if you ask me
yeah I think was go to eat in that case
right get a nice hot chocolate
nice well something is I'll be fine then
we'll get just so well eat didn't really
have any food that's all it was nice so
it's good for the bridge bar lounge and
dining and I've noticed that there's
actually quite a few gentlemen already
drinking even at six o'clock in the
morning yeah I think I'm getting apply
myself you always drink in the morning
come with the when we go somewhere yeah
I know what it's nice
that's not like a manly thing let's I
will find out soon am know it's funny to
call my dad comes got a fire let's taste
onto the toilet keep you guys updated in
that toilet is racing
somewhere we hope you won't be late and
children winters just called so yeah
it also see okay in terms of the delay
the no delays will be setting the other
way I think they would have sucked on
the pineapple ice
like we're both really tired and
exhausted
yeah rewarding so let's put this way so
we actually managed to signature is
about what that would be
I'm going to watch this I got this
tomato juice a lot to drink too much
juice on the plane and it's called
Canada fanzines Wazza do stands behind
I've never seen a it's one seduced by
Heinz very weird isn't it so jealous her
state pillow Danny I should have got my
own
yeah we're pretend you're sleeping come
on you gotta open up your mouth a little
bit more but there you go you got it
that's even the whole time
you are us we did for a while
okay so we arrived everything's a-okay
I'm just excited I want to show you guys
these travel ages these are like the
best travel acres ever they start to
speed up as you go along to these
platforms get a little bit wider and the
whole thing starts to speed up and it's
a lot faster than the normal ones and
they're frickin incredible I love it
I've only ever seen them in Canada
oh yeah it's a lot love us no words I
love it
doing that well Toronto work very well
so if we're coming up towards the end
now and then if you look on the floor
these things will start to contract and
it slows down
it's pretty cool
and then delicious sauce like slows down
to snail's pace and I don't know I find
a so cool speeding up slowing down
amazing quite a good flight actually I
watched the Santa Claus my favorite
Christmas movie I was really shocked at
how all was looking that movie was yeah
like when I turn it on I was coming out
doesn't seem so new to me it yeah but
when I watched I was like this movie is
old anyway we're just about to go
through the security customs part that's
about it and he else reported no excited
calm way to be on the road welcome to
Canada
they let me through the let me for
something this was a good sign I stave
altimeters like it's a good guy yeah
he's alright so waiting for the wings of
Lucky's now off might half an hour late
so I bet Eric a better space was really
pissed you know well we'll try her tried
I just got picked up by my brother Eric
right here so paying for the parking no
getting in that car and I think we're
gonna go to mr. sub yeah I've got a key
one touch on your son oh yeah we're
gonna get crackin yeah got the luggage
s-phase luggage took ages to come out I
was getting a little nervous very well
but all good we managed to sneak in some
cheap gun say that even though we took a
vacation
so for the first time ever you've run
into a fan boss with whilst vlogging I'm
sorry a viewer a viewer
oh yeah we're just checking out my
brother's just paying for parking we met
CC or a supposed to pick up a family but
I got delayed as soon as we got
we're gonna get packed my brother's
already leaving yeah we are at this
Plaza because I want to get a sub and we
have freaking everything here we've got
Boston Pizza down there I don't know if
you can see this Booster Juice extreme
PETA then over there we bought Tim
Hortons Wendy's Starbucks and naturally
mr. sub and as one of my brother and his
friend okay so I'm going in getting some
now I got my sub mr. sub assorted subho
that's sub sauce that loves us and also
chocolate milk some gaily chocolate
gaily chocolate milk oh yeah can't wait
now Aslan is heading to Wendy's oh and
specially oh my god it's all just got
home to my mom's house and we're met
with Lewis the dog come here come on
he's so much different than Reggie hello
hello hello Louie you look like a cloud
you look like a cloud nice lamb furry
cloud
oh my middle name dick you're Paul he's
such a frisky dog what kind of birds are
these you think doves wonder dog
it's a dove I thank grandma yeah
and the bird feeder is just covered in
ice yeah well you know what they could
eat off the bird feed you yesterday
because there was icicles down in each
side and it was so slippery you couldn't
even walk open yeah and go this bus stay
alive the winter look at this down there
are those doves those big ones grandma
dogs and there they strapped with each
other you can hang on who arrives there
Wow yeah and there's a little fat little
black one st is a bit different that's
uh yeah what's that one
hey I think my sister called that a judo
bird but I don't know if that's the
right name enough Wow you can be like
the first tweeting instagramming you to
be grandma do you want to get a Twitter
account yeah no I got already know how
to turn the computer on about Instagram
no what about an email no I don't do
email me here I don't do nothing is Lois
being Lois what are you doing here Lois
what are you up to buddy Franken what do
you get this bottle where did you get
this bottle oh god he's so cute he
literally is like a little baby damn
where we going we're just heading out
now
it's what time is it 6:00 o'clock 7
o'clock she's my rock 10:00 to 6:00 6:00
o'clock 10:00 to 6:00 not actually
feeling the tiredness yet no but uh you
know leave it to us the first stop we're
heading with my mom and brother target
baby
Canada has target so going to target and
then afterwards we're gonna go look for
some winter boots for azan and I because
the uggs are not cutting it they're
already leaking um moist wet on the
inside it's also with ding ding but yeah
it already dang day so we're going out
we're also gonna go out for dinner to
Swiss Chalet Swiss to the sea
we'll see as to the sea - the what - the
what - the sauce - the frost or the
chicken - the win Swiss Chalet gravy
number sauce the sauce
so we're heading out now we will last
you late ah you're my mum's little
Christmas lights in her shrub so pretty
oh oops so pretty so the front wind
chills completely covered up so he's got
to scrape it classic Canadian problem
scrape that Kate Spade creates great
target I'm coming for you baby
you better believe I'm getting a card
I'm so excited to see a Sonia Kashuk
stand this is just a quick once-over I
will be doing a more in-depth drugstore
run rest assured my mistake to me
joining Sonia Kashuk also I'm delighting
in the target makeup section be very
very intense but kind of in a way nice I
feel like I'm in a different world when
I walk through here just like it's like
a ethereal you know it all is lighting
over here makes you makes you wanna just
stay in this and spend more time what do
you got there interesting how does it I
wonder why Oh in the club it's in the
car today we find ourselves in the
environment of the North American
capitalist shopping mogul of Target and
we come across Oh a native species
indeed and a few buckets come Tyson what
am I looking at yeah this is my best
Australian accent this is a Nessie
button is experiencing a joy for simple
what is what are these L'Oreal
extraordinaires yeah and the excellent
example of SSC partners make uppers is
explaining her language in America just
everything is big big so big everything
is big oh my gosh everything is so big
we are in a shoe paradise
she's doing some shoe shopping as they
want to get off pair of boots and this a
lot of shoes here a lot of shoes these
blonde stones I've seen quite a few
England living a very popular don't know
why kind of Australian Doc Martens
naturally we are at Swiss Chalet and I
get the same thing every single time I
don't even know where it is on the menu
because I just know it off by heart the
focus the quarter chicken dinner with
white meat yes hell yes
hell yeah you go to Powell yes I
completely forgot to show you guys what
the meal looked like there were some
fries here I'm still working on the
chicken the bun the chocolate milk the
water and obviously Aslan also forgot to
vlog because his is Gone Baby Gone he
got some ribs and some chicken yum yum
good good stay struggling here to work
out on after after dinner come on
lemons it was really good wasn't it it
was amazing
alligator so we actually worked out we
needed be not for 24 hours straight we
just made yeah we've been up for 20
hours it's pretty tiring you lose it
stays I'm not thinking I'm not firing on
all cylinders as they say huh okay I
think an end this evening here yep try
to edit it up uh I will see you tomorrow
for Christmas Eve yeah
