good morning Ritchie going for your
morning walk look at those beautiful
ears I love you mrs. Reggie don't rage
in the hole he's a perfect little devils
he's an angel
endowed form he's the perfect little
pooch ha ha he's amazing Lane aren't you
kidding
I staged the shower so I think it's my
time for the inevitable inevitable
cleansing yes so I'm gonna do that I've
shower now and time for the inevitable
time to the side that moment I'll have
to take Reggie to the candle but I give
him a little pig's ear just a little
little tree put a little guy we're gonna
do some contamination so much we're
taking Reggie on one last walk before we
get in the car and take him to his new
home for the next two weeks it's not
exactly 2 weeks is it no it's like a
little less than two weeks Oh 10 days
but still he'll be ok
I'm an emotional wreck right now you
gonna party it up don't worry yeah so
we're just taking them on one last walk
well about one last walk but just one
last walk before we take it I know but
look for cats look for cats can't find
any look for cats there's usually cats
staying in this little thing here so
he's always looking inside no cats today
Reggie it's making me feel better is
really banging yeah he knows the place
ready I'm ready cat the last one of log
was 2013 but don't worry
what you again it'll just be in 2014
oh but I'm looking forward to also
getting some mince pies and bringing
them out to Canada because clearly you
guys are never mince pie dude you don't
f with the mince pies you know so I got
a I got a bring over some mince pies you
know educate the Canucks on the the
taste the wonderful taste of its bus I
just caught somebody doing something
this used to be a local guy let's go and
let's take a little bit look like that
had a good secret
it's been so long okay which one are you
gonna go for oh these are all Chile's
wrinkles well what do you want all three
right or do I get one yeah I get one one
oh okay
nice which one oh let's see we've got
lamb ramp I can I string Oh God so hard
to choose I'm like yeah chocolate spoons
are pretty good though
why do you mind I want the chocolate
dream cake on there which one went to
the goody I want this one right that's
what I would have chose thank you
we're one of these and two of these
don't screw it up this one go for one
and oh this one or that one
yeah the definitely sounds like perfect
I'd like squish though huh nice fine if
I was the out of our person wouldn't
come for the year assorted doesn't
remember that one time you brought home
and a sort of doesn't and we ate the
entire box oh yeah
that was sick that was sick and we were
sick I only bought that bad business I
happen to be driving through the part of
North London where they have the Green
bakery there's one there's one like huge
Krispy Kreme bakery no banana does all
the donuts like start to be sitting
there the same and it was like
Valentine's Days yeah and they made
fresh doughnuts I was so good
I'll help you get it I can do it oh I
can't yeah oh it's stabbing it don't
stop mine so and I'm also going to bring
over some Stilton classic British
Stilton
- I'm gonna British up this Canadian
Christmas yeah well I'm just gonna go
for the good old Canadian Chester go
Gabrielson Stilton because I stays mom
actually likes cheese so I think I mean
I first try this I think she's had
something before anyway
and although thinking maybe some port
yeah
we do have a weight restriction we do I
know I know I gonna bring it stays like
oh my god the soups on site Helen look
at this
she can barely hold it and she's getting
so much don't tell me this is another
weakness it's probably full of salt yeah
that's you know when you're in a bind
kennefa sorry buddies like oh my god
these up and say hail Walter my favorite
cut it's the only kind of British soup I
like yeah I don't snot british soup but
like i don't like any other I can't
sleep in England England yet um it's
just for what you read a bind you know
you knew a little more pick me up a
little something
my favorite chili sauce they go to the
blog on our mmm-hmm my favorite ethnic
section in any supermarket is definitely
the Caribbean section it's got the
Caribbean section is it always so good
not only do I freaking love love Cara
and super mall I need a malt drink
they've always got like the most amazing
different hot sauces and just just
everything everything the Calabrian
section is so good and it's only like
all these like exotic things like a key
I sort of know what a key is I've never
tried it
although I see it everywhere and then
all this kind of Lu hell's that Alex did
them what is it find the mince pies I
don't know should I go for the Tesco
finest range there's no one these are
these are collect 50 PR apparently so
much get a pack of these yeah why not
look what we found
die Mikado I don't know why I don't know
whether it's Christmas or not but I just
been having such bad sugar cravings
recently then forgot to get a pack of
this your hormonal yeah yeah must be
them are you on your period is that when
you're still moving lately
is that what I say see all the time he's
just copying that every day Oh baby
Oh Kelly we're getting you lost of stuff
I found the sugar waffles yes I said
pointing out how to watch shopping is
junk food and put it all know not all of
this is for us actually a lot of it is
actually yeah he's my brother all right
but still but I think it's just
Christmas right let's just keep on
telling you let's get one lying to us
how there's just cuz I'm just getting
ready to film my 2013 beauty favorites
and yeah I have this handy little remote
here so we're gonna see if it works if
it focuses with this remote here let's
see yeah we're so I'm just going to film
this and then I'm going straight into
cleaning mode and take it off my makeup
I'm putting the clip in and I'm getting
down to the dirty dirty cleaning the
toilets cleaning the kitchen doing the
dishes doing the laundry it's gonna be a
fun fun time but now I've got to get in
the mood to talk about the two dozen
thirteen beauty products and sneak peek
there they are there they are
yeah that's all again that's all you're
good okay I know that was very annoying
but I'm going now the time has come for
me to open up the rest of the body shop
advent calendar so we're on 22 now this
is oh this is a Shay lip butter this is
good this is good stuff okay onto 23
over here it's a big one this is oh this
is a shayar cream I might bring this to
Canada with me and then 24 which is the
last one a biggie
oh baby just what I needed a mini body
butter to take with me this is the Shea
one I love shaped body butter this is a
nice little shake cluster I'm just
cleaning up the kitchens and I've got I
just turned on the TV and randomly just
to see it's just to have some background
noise um I'm watching this show it's
like the most interesting show ever
let's see what it's called how the heck
do you work this thing
oh god I can't even work any sort of TV
it's called a great British Christmas
but it's all about I hit like the
history of Christmas and Victorian times
and it's actually surprisingly
interesting cool if I'm allowed to show
this legalese and dance one less
revealing than the Georgia it's
educational but interesting and it's
keeping me occupied and keeping me
company
yes who's back baggages me I just went
to the body shop because I need to pick
up some essentials I rented this I ran
out of this stuff which is the seaweed
night cream
that's your Holy Grail yeah I mix this
with the Kiehl's stuff and Kiehl's
midnight recovery oil whatever is cool
right you know it's cold that makes it
but I've been using the day cream but my
skin's been acting really weird recently
I think a is the baddy thing plus this
new day cream which is to screw with it
so yeah anyway got myself three of those
actually because there's two for three
so I use them so much - four three -
four three nice beautiful Oh side deal
I've never heard of I'll be the Westies
yeah let's confess it Oh your time to
write I stay actually I recently what is
one a kebab kebab and we're gonna get
whatever we're gonna go to a local kebab
place but unfortunately I can't just
chicken dollar yeah I know just on the
way home that it was closed so no kebab
from there so the only alternative is
soup and sandwich I'm gonna have super
sandwich I'm actually perfectly I'm fine
I'm thinking about asking an Indian
today yeah because I didn't I'm doctor
we're looking at an Indian restaurant in
Canada so yeah he might be nice for me
to get a little bit of it get a little
spice getting rid of that
reaction mm-hmm I'm kind of crazy babe
oh god that's a difficult person oh my
hip like knows I don't know there's too
many this agent I just think that's the
entire kitchen i vacuumed and mopped I
was doing some other organizing I got my
mom's um Christmas gifts done don't look
don't look
but ya did that and um yeah just just
chillin just chillin not really chilling
I'm just not doing what I'm supposed to
be doing just got back from the Indian
takeaway let's see what I got woohoo
so that's some classic pilau rice sad
doll which is kind of lentils and
spinach and lamb a dress kind of a spicy
lamb curry oh yeah mmm
how about engine in ages so I'm looking
for this so the weather's pretty
terrible in Canada at the moment isn't
it yeah I'm just looking at Twitter and
this was a photo taken in Ontario which
is where we're headed and the people are
skating on a regular street so Canadian
problems right there and we had not
there hope that runways clear and lots
of people have been saying that like
their flights have been canceled they
can't get in or out of Toronto yeah and
it must be actually raining really badly
tomorrow in England so bad weather both
here and again it's a God knows when
we'll actually flying out for so long
it's up the wait in the earth word there
for what
so I think if it's up if they know it's
over a certain amount of time they do
have to put you up in room on board yeah
I think I'm sure before we start packing
but I've got no motivation and I was
actually really hoping to put the
cactuses into this planter before we
went but
probably my happen is it I should
probably pack but I do that yeah I say
actually just let me open up a part of
my present because she said it was way
too heavy to bring to Canada and then to
bring it back yeah because usually we're
always over the weight limit on the way
home so I'm not gonna bring this to
bring it back then and then ya idiot yes
she let me open it now and early
Christmas present it was it's part one
of your gift yeah oh your phone thing
thank you my phone is a ding-a-ling and
I opened it you guys want to know you
guys want to know what it is you're
making it seem so exciting it is
exciting here it is 50 pound limit I
might say yeah um it is part one I got
one of the 55 million and it's the
kinfolk table cookbook well it's
actually not a cookbook it's like a
collection of recipes from people that
have been featured in vogue magazine so
yeah I really really love this I was
actually thinking about getting this for
myself a while back wonderfully
photographed and basically it focuses on
like a person and it like tells you a
bit about them and they recommend like
some recipes of something they cook
before if they were hosting a dinner
party and it's the perfect present so
they actually didn't think he was gonna
like this what he's so hard to buy for
do you think I wouldn't like him broke
yeah well I can focus I've actually read
I can put a lot of leaf through a
template my you don't know what one but
this is perfect see you like it yeah
I was think about getting this myself
and I was screaming a good thing yeah
but then I was like I let's add another
cookbook yeah he's dead and miss me
so yeah and as one says that my present
is actually heavier than this but he's
not letting me open it down so that's me
is still Christmas any because I want to
see your bowl around I'm part of that
way is it sentimental a little bit
Oh God we are now deciding to pack a
little bit late but you know whatever
that's fine I'm pretty much done packing
now this side is pretty much closed and
a few sweets for my mom and then this
side is all Christmas gift so yeah I'm
gonna have plenty of room on the way
back
because obviously this will all be empty
and my carry-on is empty I have this
little bag from cause which I am
obsessed with and that's just gonna be
like my quote-unquote purse and slash
bag I'm gonna carry my crap in what are
you doing why do we yeah
mister I'm still packing up everything
yeah yeah probably not
that's all that's all we're gonna do
this evening reading yeah rocking him
packing I'm running a bath yeah still
gonna take a bath I'm gonna just how to
actually do do George my packing yeah
Sione so I stays finish the bath I
finally - wrap up birthdays president
he's been working on this mysterious
present for me for about three hours
well so being lazy I just like watching
random vice videos and well I'm done I'm
fully packed ready to rumble relax with
my hair oil in I'm looking sexual right
now yes you want
i I'm not packed at all yeah he hasn't
even started packing no wait we're all
with you what time is it Ted I wanted to
be sleeping right now anyway
so I guess we're gonna end the vlog
diggety here yeah and I mean wishes luck
for tomorrow guys kiss yeah I really
hope like I mean if the flights delayed
by like 12 hours what we can do just sit
there what if we know definitely that
it's delay if it's completely canceled
in the next light we get on is like
tomorrow's flight something which is
come on yeah we will go for the Reggie
yeah okay hopefully that doesn't happen
that hopefully it's just smooth sailing
hmm but if you want to keep up to date
with us tomorrow or today you know what
I'm saying yeah you can follow us both
on Twitter and Instagram my twitter is
at se button and absences at lion's mane
with the O in line being a zero we'll
have all the links to our social media
sites down below hmm so we'll be doing
live updates yeah I'll be instagramming
you'll be tweeting yeah that's how we
roll anyway so we will see you guys
tomorrow
um the blog might be slightly late just
because of the time differences in all
this yeah yeah but it'll be there okay
fine
