good morning Reggie did you have a nice
little walk I think so I think you're
excited for your date this morning with
grace uh-huh so yeah I just walked
already and we'll be going to the park
soon so rich car is dead with grace it's
not actually raining as much as I
thought it would be it's overcast and I
was a tiny little bit drizzle but you
know that's not bad I think we oughta go
to the park and hope that Greece is
there because you want to get a date for
yourself you want to pull tonight don't
you buddy you wanna pull tonight oh yeah
no I'll be women we're at the part
Reggie's getting ready for his date he's
looking good looking smart the nerves
are the kicking in yet Reggie don't
worry you'll be fine she'll love you we
have some good news and some bad news
actually there's no good news good news
is this plenty of space fun to run
around it yeah the good news is there's
plenty of space for him to run around in
but the bad news is there's no dog
there's no grace there's no date I don't
know what's going on here I don't know
what to do buddy come on maybe they're
just late I think Reggie's slightly
confused depressed poor little fella
come on buddy boy at least I brought his
squirrel that might that might you know
make him feel a little bit better you
know the Depression has hit him he's
standing alone he's he doesn't know what
to do himself for a little guy come on
stay may have her camera buddy but I've
got mine too
there is he's ready for his a morning
run session
yeah Reggie bros before hoes man bros
before hos forget about her move on with
your life make the best of it plenty
more fish in the sea I'll play my dogs
in the Parkers like to say is he not
going for the squirrel oh no come on
Reggie come on buddy
yeah this is a little bit of a yeah
don't fail say the least roll the dogs
on your Grace's yeah all right jeez
second of all arranged it's so muddy and
slippery it is cut money so even when I
try to run with him I'm about to fall so
deep
come on it's like Yoda go yeah Reggie
you wanna come run with me here go
Reggie Dawson are with me he's not
running he's our friend
no that's ready for you guys
Stephanie's not interested in the
running hi he's a retired Racing great
emphasis on the retard oh my god should
be like two different angles you're
recording and I'm recording at the same
time oh we could do cut between you me
you me you sure okay it's alright don't
worry you're better than her anyway
buddy she's not good enough for you
and some boy so cute all right I suppose
we'll just carry on well I suppose we'll
take him on a walk around the actual
normal park shall we and then maybe when
we come back they'll be here don't you
mean that's a false hope but you know
we'll push it so not the nicest day to
walk in the park is it it windy but it's
okay Rachel have a good time anyway
buddy
here we are whoo well we've got a queue
of people now cute dogs now lining up
slip Reggie but Reggie could not care
less some more dogs he's being crowded
out Reggie being crowded out just the
three of us we don't need no one else
just the three of us me boo and reg just
the three of us we don't need no grace
just the three of us maybe one Rach
yeah I'm gonna head home do one more
little Lipari no and hello mm-hmm back
home now Reggie's happily eating away at
his pig's ear is the host park treat as
as soon as we got back home you see the
swirl right there
he started squeezing it advising her
furiously yeah he's more happy playing
with toys inside a house cousin out of
it
well anyway we've got a tight schedule
to keep to tight tight tight
um so I'm gonna take a shower I'm having
a massive glass of OJ OJ's legs okay day
21 we're opening it up here Oh another
little soap Oh chocolate scented I don't
think I'm gonna like this one we'll see
actually it's surprisingly nice it's it
smells more like the cocoa kind of cocoa
butter that's really nice really holding
the camera at a weird angle here but
yeah so today my agenda get my eyebrows
threaded they are fierce you know get a
manicure and pedicure that's what I
really want to do
you need to do some sort of landscape in
the middle in your eyebrows um Medicare
impaired that'd be nice that'd be nice
yeah you put a makeup or something no
actually I'm wearing a new a new little
regime whatever is going on I like it
very much is it the base the base you
like I don't know it's just it just
looks very natural you look very pretty
this is the makeup I'm wearing the new I
don't know if it's new but it's new to
me the Olay Henriksen CC cream mm-hmm a
little bit of concealer mascara and
basically no brow stuff you look
beautiful eggs um yeah so I really want
to get a mani-pedi I can't explain it I
just I just want to and I don't know if
all that's gonna happen today I was
going to film my video today that's not
happening because I still haven't
freaking picked the products I get a
film that tomorrow and just do some
general organizing and we'll be visiting
more calories Oh me yeah I'm gonna pick
up some photos so they'll be good um oh
what color you gonna paint your toes and
see one of these is going to be up in
yeah we're going red like Christmas you
know Christmas right yeah okay what do
you think that could be good festive
what about about red red on the top and
green on the bottom no no no no no all
right fine get on it get nice shower
let's go I've already a shower yeah I'm
like and with the power everything this
is me on showered and done there you go
showered ready to go
nothing riding the escalators I was so
sleepy on the train I am actually I did
fall asleep you know it was like I find
it so easy to fall asleep on the tube it
is nice and warm
the hum a had the sounds and so on
anyway waiting at my eyebrows to let it
down yes I spit up because I need to
pick up some photos I I've got develop
recently and I one of the reasons why
we're going to chop those anyways come
some sizes are I don't want to screw up
the wrong size ratings so I pick up
those photos first and we'll be on our
way back and if you're wondering why
we're wearing this weird apparatus when
it's raining surprise surprise ringing
let me MELP of this day now look at my
nice red either post-post blinking yeah
but probably I'll tell you I've been
walking like in this rain for so long
like but since on a car Road I've been
I'm walking all the way up here and it's
been a struggle another lie it been a
horrible epic war
no way yes we do
in the answerable nature
rotten ass playwright and dirty so here
we are now in the land of photo flame
this for your mom would she ever do
something like that
no she would never do a puzzle no my ass
Gosselin I'm like oh are my eyebrows
right he's like no not at all I just
caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror
they're on fire
we're very hungry so I think we are
gonna track for go to McDonald's
you just went through
gasps health on a healthy meal
getting ready with it not enough let's
go
I just got home Reggie still squeaking
he's winking your squirrel he's like me
squirrel this could go on for hours for
time I kind of vlog me game till that's
over
when I was walking Reggie just now this
lady was eating a bag of chips or crisps
and she's like Kenny have one and she
went to like feed Reggie chip I was like
no God no please
he can't and I was like telling her like
about how he's felt like a sensitive
stomach to spices and stuff she's like
oh she's like I she's like I even me I
know I shouldn't be in this but I'm
eatin this like she's saying something
like I'm like trust me girl I know I
just got back from McDonald's have a
little laugh you know how little laugh I
am I have nothing to say
Aslan is putting together a little
picture for rain a little picture frame
and it's a gift for his mom so we better
wrap that up cuz they're coming over
tonight yeah but we did get specially
developed we're about to leave in about
another 20 minutes because I'm going to
get my nails done I'm having a manicure
pedicure I just I just want to sometimes
you just need a little relaxation time
right so getting a manicure pedicure
that is me time that is me time and
Aslan is having his me time by going to
a couple more museums and I think I'm
going to give him the vlog camera to go
to the museums because I'm not going to
be long I'm just gonna be sitting in the
comfortable chair getting a chair
massage I'm not there's no point
vlogging so is that close with you do
you want to take them to the museums
yeah you gotta come
use me all right sounds good Reggie's
like are you leaving again is that what
I'm hearing
yeah a little go I'm sorry I'm sorry
just making my way through Mayfair
trying to stay alive it's a it's almost
a stall I'd say it's raining really bad
and it's really windy and there's some
Rattlers I'm really being carried away
with its umbrella we are going to see an
exhibition on the work of Stephen Shore
now Stephen Shaw is arguably probably
the most world-renowned critically
acclaimed photographer that's alive
today he he was like he's a real
photographer badass like he he sold
pictures to the Metropolitan Museum of
Modern Art in New York and the age of 14
14 and he had his own solo show at MoMA
at the age of 24 it's just like insane
you can't get better than that
so yeah this gallery to make them I
think it's all smooth megazor something
and they're just hosting some showing
off some of his work there they're not
showing any the really huge prints
because I I don't I don't think they
print those anymore but they've got a
few of the smaller little prints so
that'd still be nice to see you know
I've never been to a Stevie show
exhibition so this is a first and yeah
I'm a big fan so here we are see the
very old cool sign for the gallery it is
a sprue the majors gallery and it's the
Stephen Shore something and nothing
so let's see if we can find our way in I
have to ring this doorbell I'm kind of
nervous actually
so I keep on ringing but nobody's
answering it's weak because on the
website said their viewing hours were
Tuesday till Saturday from 10 a.m. to 6
p.m. so Saturday it's only about 3 hook
in the afternoon so I don't know what's
going on oh well that was a big fail so
I suppose all well I'll go to the second
exhibition I wanted to go to do I know
Sheree sucks denry wanted to see that
cut down and when I come back it's me
really busy and I know it contains all
the Atlanta January but still yeah
alright well yeah so high dose of
Science Museum that's where the second
exhibition is just had my manicure and
pedicure I went for SC fishnet stocking
which is like a nice little festive red
I really like it actually the pedicure
was great not as relaxing as I would
have thought because they did both the
men care and the pedicure at the same
time simultaneously which are that was
just weird sided we were heading to the
Science Museum now so we head out the
Science Museum we are going to be
looking at an exhibition called only in
England and the whole point of today as
we were going to go to the Stephen Shore
exhibition which is the SEMA show
focuses a lot on like American Americana
it would have a perfect like you know
contrast that only in England you know
photos about England and it's by a guy
called Martin Parr who's a very famous
social documentary photographer and Tony
ray Jones who I don't really know much
about but I do know that he's also some
of the work to Martin bar here is the
ski and ski museum the intimacy is the
key to calm no it does yeah
look at all these bicycles incredible
power they up in the air like that who
knows it's science lots of cool stuff
going on I have things in science museum
yeah come on
oh yeah go
yeah
sigmund seemingly
miserably ethnic just to make it Phoenix
yeah next week next report
anyway let's get over how much time
natural selection of books or Martin
plan here was actually one specifically
for this exhibition yes there you go
here's a little PostScript I think as
I've stopped up inside so when I will
film
so we just got out and I most seeking
some footage so you guys get a taste a
little bit what it was I didn't take any
pictures are closer to specific actual
shots but it's not that's that's just
bad game but yeah wow that was really
very interesting I never knew so much
about time tire agent so that's amazing
I was ashamed that he died when he was
13 you from from the photographs that he
looked like this promising artist like
you know that's Nikki Mia in the early
period
anyway onwards and upwards we are gonna
be going back home now see a little reg
man
easy back ya years wakie wakie wakie man
get peck peck peck peck peck peck I
can't hug hug love love love blow judy
Reggie yep go back home and take ways
for a little walk sorry alright who
doesn't love him don't even think about
Dan so what are we doing now boo we are
getting ready because your mom and
sister coming over yeah Oh speak of the
devil that's probably them yep there you
go hello oh my God look who came to
visit Molly
what say hi hey morning so the reason
why all my sister games because we're
gonna be looking after mom's dog after
the New Year's and this is kind of a
little test run with Molly and Reggie
here Reggie doesn't seem to mind at all
okay you seem okay when you compare them
side-by-side it is crazy how small how
big met them outside I made sure Reggie
and Molly met outside and they had a
little hello and then we brought them in
together so that seems to have done the
trick
yeah although Reggie's eyeing her up in
a curious way and he never really cares
about Diane do you buddy know you've
gone okay
well we'll see we'll report how they get
on so we've got our Christmas presents
for my mom my sister Eddie I got these
cool ugh slippers I think because the
other day we're having a dinner party
and everybody made a big deal of fact we
didn't have any slippers so we're - they
got these very very nice little bits
like lined up slippers and here estate
I've always wanted these I went to
destroyed the other day and I was like
my goodness yes and then his Molly she
has been growling a little bit edgy so
I'm not sure she's like the size of one
of my bum cheeks I think that she's
quite nervous that hopefully with time
to relax a little bit
Reggie's like looking at her in her
thank you just like you guys love
another dog this is not fair you
betrayed me
No okay we're just chilling out having a
nice little cup of tea I love my little
tea set
is the big pot of tea and then some
snacks oh my we've got baklava
chocolates these almond things some
raspberries and are these red currants
yeah um blueberries bourbon cookies ice
it Borbon fullness full full brings more
blueberries and that is it oh yeah
Marty still not making any progress
in terms of saying hello it's Reggie
Reggie's just down there he's chilling
out he doesn't get too much so the
evening is kind of coming to a close I
think I said my sister's finishing up a
little Christmas card for estees
family-oriented huh we've got what I
want you all there I'll ruin the
surprise winner yeah
and I'm telling them about the one of my
favorite Canadian phrases
what the H E double hockey sticks yeah
like what the hell okay and then we've
got Molly here still not really getting
long waiting oh you keep that's not
that's not even register although it's
just Molly's just a royal royal be I T
he's up over his fiction
she is one yeah she's just not very nice
at but Reggie the apothem la is he's
just turned on you see okay the in-laws
just left was a good time overall um one
thing I just wanted to show you guys is
his sister has one of these cameras Fuji
Instax Fuji Instax which I actually did
feature in my Christmas gift guide
giveaway which is still open so you can
enter that if you're still interested
I'll leave the link to that down below
anyway she's got this really cool film
for it it's like you know special
holiday stuff so she took one of Reggie
she took one of as led me and Reggie and
look at me and these slippers are so
funny
and then here's one of Reggie stretching
and wrote Ching and Aslan and then me so
I think these are so cute I'll keep them
forever yeah I love them really want to
get one of those cameras now yeah
because I want to like basically the
idea is to put I don't know
have a call bought in the in the hallway
yeah we've got a big cork board I don't
want to paint the color of the walls and
that color I never want to just put up
here and then get more pictures like
this just like stick Mountain yeah cuz
it's so nice something to look at anyway
I'm pretty tired it's like 10 o'clock at
night I know it's not that late but yeah
I think I'm gonna end it here tomorrow
is the sad day because we're taking
Reggie away to drop him off so that he
could be looked after over the holidays
let's not get choked up about that Oh
God how do I throat they're selling my
that's really all I have just saved you
buddy we also say today so come get it
with a gallery being closed but apart
from that all ground we're gonna get a
busy day tomorrow we're not really that
busy but we're gonna basically just pack
everything and make sure there's a set
to go yeah whenever you go somewhere
it's like that day before is always like
a bit of a flurry because you've got to
like do the simple things like cleaning
out the fridge clean your yawning at me
I'm being sober no no no I am a boy okay
so shall we say good night I'm getting
in my pajamas I'm getting to clip-on I'm
getting I'm getting that's effectively
moving you're getting your pajamas oh
yeah antek lip and declare hashtag to
clip I love when people do that hashtag
delivers so we will see you guys
tomorrow I suppose I should also have a
new Beauty video up on my main channel
which I'll link down below it's a
tutorial video featuring the Urban Decay
Naked 3 palette oh wow
that will be up tomorrow as well well
today anything I'm titling just for that
scintillating yeah tipped up late ding
yeah I'm being titillating right now
how are you I said we should sign up
like yeah that's it
