good morning buddy you ready to go to
work you ready to go in the work I think
that tails is that I think the tail
tells the tale wok wok wok wok wok wok
wok wok wok wok wok wok on the concrete
on the concrete on the concrete on them
hard on them hard on the mud on them on
the grass on the grass on the grass on
this look look look look look look look
look look look look look look look pppp
pppp pppp pppp for a really long long
time Yuri had to go crowd me out crowd
me out
call me out this is this this this this
this this listlessness with OOP OOP OOP
OOP OOP OOP OOP OOP OOP OOP OOP OOP OOP
OOP OOP OOP OOP OOP OOP OOP Wilson P
left of the tag get it all out yes you
can stand by the beam for no reason
stand by the bin for no reason Reggie
can Reggie can he's cleverer than any
man he can pass any exam but don't you
think he saw because he could beat up
John Wathan damn ha ha here comes a
Reggie man
ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho
take that coat off take that coat off
take that coat off take that coat off
you are Nick you got no shame you were
naked you got no shame s he cam as he
can she does whatever and as I can she
added her blogs every day she sits in
front of the stupid computer data here
comes the SE boo
where's my food where's my fluke in my
food right now leave me alone I just
want my food stop hugging me just give
me my food no no no no no no no no no no
I'm finally nom-nom-nom-nom leave me
alone
nice and satisfied now nice and
satisfied no 20th of December right here
can never have too many of these this is
the born lippy raspberry version I've
never had this one so anytime yep cool I
thought I would do a quick oh oh TD just
a really fast one
so my sweater I just got it from monkey
the other day I don't know it's a little
bit big but I think it's gonna shrink
anyway and underneath I'm wearing a
dress it's a really nice dress actually
it kind of cinches in at the waist and
then you can't really see what I'm doing
here but that's what it looks like
but I'm just keeping it warm keeping it
cash and the dresses for monkey as well
some tights and then my Topshop boots as
per normal so that is the look obviously
I'm going to put a coat on because it is
freezing outside my hair is a naturally
air-dried it's a little bit cray a
little bit Kramer working with that
today primes guys I am trying this again
when you fall you get back up and you
get back on that horse and you try again
I'm trying again today to take my
driving theory test
you probably remember a couple weeks ago
when I failed and it was a bit of a
miserable time for me but today's the
day I'm trying again so please think of
me even though you wouldn't have seen
this yet by the time you see this I'll
have already passed or failed
I'm trying again I'm very nervous here
we go I just got out of the test
from doing my driving theory test and I
passed baby I passed with flying colors
oh my god I was so excited when she gave
me the letter and she's like you can go
now that's all you need you just need
the letter you can go so I passed
they're taking over the neighborhood ah
coming closer
Oh God coming closer there it goes it's
coming back it's actually a really cute
cat isn't it bridgie vlog yeah with this
the fisheye to be fun no it's a video
yeah we're just exiting the tube station
to get to Leicester Square trip Amish
we're sorry to get to Trafalgar Square
and we're going to be meeting a couple
of friends there I'm not sure if they're
going to be want to be vlogging applause
maybe give me those um but yeah we're
gonna meet fab and we're gonna go to our
first stop on the museum clock anyway
here we are to follow the square I've
also bought my camera log to the fish
island on it I'll be fun for the wide
angles and I just go home the whole
camera so our friends are here but they
don't be on the camera surprise surprise
you know smell me oh we get internet
people
Oh God
but we're going to the first place and
it's at the National Gallery it's the
Taylor wedding yearly photographed
Porter surprise so yeah we'll have a
look at some great modern voltage'
photography
okay so just done with the the Taylor
essing exhibition that was really good
actually I really liked it this year
compared to last year because I think
this year there was a lot of variety and
was a lot more photos last year there
wasn't there's only like half the photos
but yeah very happy with it this year
amazing good range stuff from very like
high-end professionally done more casual
things lots of different colors as well
it was lovely even if you're not you
don't know a lot about photos or art you
can still enjoy that like me so yeah big
fan that was well worth the two pounds
compared to some other what what other
photographer Gary SOG Rafi exhibitions
cost two pounds for that was an
excellent value for money so I
definitely recommend it I think it goes
on up until like the 11th of January so
if you can check it out it's at the
National Portrait Gallery are definite
recommend so now we're on
a gallery number two which is the
photographer's gallery in Soho and they
have an exhibition there and it's all
about motherhood and it's meant to be
kind of an exploration of real
motherhood a complete perfect antithesis
to what all the glossy mags are to tell
you about motherhood how we have a baby
you lose all that baby weight you look
great within a week like this is meant
to be good pretty the opposite smells
you like real mothers so here we are at
the photographer's gallery in Soho it's
going to pop in have a look at the
exhibition make your way upstairs now at
the top of this gallery folks got raised
in Soho Remiel Street you speak on
gotten lovely place check out
so how is it so far thanks motion what
side isn't it
yeah is that big class wonder see what
we're down below down in Soho how was
that exhibition peek good
I get very lightheaded at the sight of
scars and birth and nudity vaginas in
your face yeah yeah I get very faint I
know it's not normal but I get that weak
feeling on my food but it was good yeah
so yeah very excess emissions if you
don't like duty and you're easily
offended um go to it but otherwise go
ahead it's free that's always good
dinner lunch at yell are you're like our
favorite chickens farmers and some huge
lemonade which isn't as good as I
thought it would be as one hat I got
this like spicy sausage wrap we've got a
new and this Lebanese there Oh Martha
we've now finished our lovely meal I was
very nice love you Laura always okay now
what
we're box expenses yeah we're trying to
find food
looking at the bus once is actually a
very nice like for food is I think even
better the waitress I'm okay on the way
home now well only Estee is cuz I'm
actually staying out because I kind of
have a bit of a like a school reunion
yeah thing like a couple of the lads
again to get some drink listen to you
some of the lads getting together for
drinks you know so I'm gonna stay here
cuz in town centre no stays gonna go
home got a check up on Reggie yeah yeah
I got some stuff I need you at home
so yeah I'll say bye to you guys now I'm
sure I'll see you later
oh just a normal insanity around Oxford
Circus Friday look at this is even worse
for being in a pill I just got home and
I walked Reggie I forgot to bring the
camera I was like about to go vlog for
me and I was like I don't have my camera
with me so sorry about that he's just
hanging out right down here just had his
dinner that's why he's licking lips what
are you smelling pots and pans anyway we
didn't get to go to as many museums as
we had originally planned just due to
time because the museum's closed kind of
early like around five o'clock so by the
time we had dinner and had already
cooked went to the first two we just
they were all closed so we might be
going to a couple more museums tomorrow
if we have time I know I have a lot of
stuff that I need to do before we leave
on Monday morning so we shall see we
shall see if we get to go to all the
museums that we want to for now I'm
going to go what time is it it's 7
o'clock I'm going to get my pajamas on I
have to finish wrapping my Christmas
gifts and a couple of other things that
I want to get done tonight so I will be
back probably in two clip drinking my
iced tea it's so good it's really good I
think this is some of the best I've ever
made and I'm about to wrap some gifts I
can't show you the gifts because the
people might see it and that wouldn't be
fun would it
and Reggie's over here sleeping relaxing
chilling out he's so cute though rabbie
nice little relaxing evening Reggie's
still hanging out he's sleeping he's in
full relaxation mode that is exactly
what he's doing he's like I don't want
to go out and party on a Friday night I
want to chill I want to chill and watch
Made in Chelsea you like watching TV
don't you Reggie
I find it so funny when his tail close
to his legs like this because it was so
long and it just just goes between his
legs it's so cute oh my gosh his bed is
so dirty
ah Aslan is home now drunk as a skunk
I'm just kidding he's not drunk at all
but how was your evening with the crew
feels the old school crew my sake bombs
hidden five years something so that's
funny how you just like go back into
just being how you were so instantly
like yeah you just go right back to that
role of how you were at school probably
yeah there's no like wait oh goodness
like you know to meet somebody new like
it's difficult to feel like oh yeah
friends but they signal in the five
years it's just like like that click
back into that is perfect Reggie is
honestly exhausted tonight I I know he
normally sleeps but tonight he like
hasn't even been playing with his toys
and every time I tried to play them he's
just goes right back to sleep so funny
I'm thinking maybe de-stress from the
storm yesterday like he's really
tuckered him out what do you think he's
still wagging his tail and everything
but yeah he's just very sleepy today
cute little guy on vlogmas day 13 I had
a little tiny giveaway featuring two
really cute daily planners and I have
selected the winner so the first winner
is and these were selected at random
Mira
Steny Slava I really hope I am saying
that right and the second one is
caffeinated so oh look she watched this
video too cool so I will be contacting
you guys via YouTube message asking for
your mailing addresses I'm not being a
creeper I just want to send you the
journal as one has something he wants to
say so you know how can I pull this book
yes I've been reading it I'm kind of on
page 76 now oh my gosh you've got mud on
you yeah it's for walking Reggie oh okay
go on
um so you're on page 76 and yeah really
like it it's a not the happiest of books
you know it's not a book filled with the
flowers and happy endings but it's very
well-written like beautifully written
I was descriptive in like a really
seductive way scripted in a seductive
way yeah like the little the way like
the way that John Williams describes
everything from the money details to
like the overall like character flaws of
people it's just it's just dissipate
it's pay pagesturning
it makes you want to read more and more
and more and yeah I don't know it's I
can see why the New York Times would
call it a perfect milk yeah he's been
going on and on about it since he
started reading it and he's really made
me want to read it even though it's
depressing and you know all of this just
it sounds really good so I think I'll
definitely read that look so I'm just
you know
yeah reading the way we're planning
Reggie's date for tomorrow as well and
we're looking at the weather and it's
supposed to be pouring pouring rain yeah
it's meant to be really like it's like
it says on the weather charts 95% chance
of rain tomorrow yeah we'll see whether
we take into the part because if uh I
mean if grace isn't gonna be there
there's a little pointing into the park
because he hates it he hates to go out
in the rain so I don't know I wasn't
gotten the rain if she's not gonna be
there and that's the other thing like
he's he's some semi scared of the rain
anyway so well I think I'll have to wake
up tomorrow morning on it maybe I'll be
a Christmas miracle oh yeah I hope so
because it would be so cute they were
together we are I hadn't know if I can
speak Rosslyn but I am very sleepy like
tired I think speak for me I can speak
for you I'm very tired I've been
organizing and I've been just doing
things and I was supposed to plan my
2013 best of beauty products video and
every time I try to do that I just can't
decide I just can't pick the product so
I don't know I will need to film that
tomorrow but I haven't freaking been
able to pick the prod it's like Sophie's
Choice I can't choose so I have to just
sit down tomorrow and just crank it out
and find the products and just make a
decision that's all I'm going to say so
I think I'm I'm going to bed are you
yeah are you interested in going to
however I'm very sleepy so we've been
having really late nights and early
mornings lately so tomorrow's gonna be
an early morning as well so I think we
should probably just get to bed so I
think this is us saying goodbye I know
this was kind of a short vlog but what
can you do
quality quality not quantity and I did
pass my driving test today yes you did
that's all he needs to know that's oh I
could have just got a whole vlog WABAC
if you're wondering what I'm doing with
my hand I have a massive zit I'm not
gonna lie okay I can't lie about it it
can't be shown it's just it can't be
shown okay sure
you don't reveal it slowly I don't think
the world was ready to see it to the
Jews Sun like I couldn't even just cover
it with one finger I would need to cover
it with my entire palm say goodnight to
the world
we're tired oh man we're tired oh yeah
oh yeah regi tired good night guys we're
tired I'm tired all right good night
what was that work just try that I'm
tired I'm by your legs I'm wearing my
Canada socks my high school track pants
and other stuff okay good night good
night bye
