good morning everybody I am back at home
with my baby boy he's so beautiful he
does not like the camera um anyway I am
about to head off I am recording an
episode I guess they're called episode
it's like a radio program called woman's
hour it's by the BBC I'm so so so
excited I just found out about it
yesterday so I couldn't say no I've been
listening to it for a really long time
so it was just like crazy that I get to
do it um I just burped on me super glam
um he really wants to treat so maybe
I'll give him one even though he just
had his breakfast anyway so I'm just
finished getting ready I'm wearing this
shirt from arisia that has like the
shoulders out I think these are called
cold shoulder shirts which i think is a
cool name and I'm just wearing these
like black trousers I'm going to put my
healed acne boot song to go with it so
I'm all black today but I just kind of
felt like it you know hormonal times
feelin not the greatest body wise so I'm
gonna keep it loose gonna keep it black
outfit slimming love it
um anyway it's so going to do that and
then quickly come home and regroup for
like maybe 20 minutes and then I'm
heading to Birmingham I've never been to
Birmingham before so I'm pretty excited
and as you guys have been commenting
I've been a busy little bee lately I am
I think it's starting to catch up with
me like the traveling and like being on
the go and stuff like that um I'm yeah
I'm feeling really tired and the jet lag
be real so I think I'm going to need
quite a bit of tea today um but you know
it's all like super exciting stuff so
the tiredness just has to go away
because mama gotta work so
anyway that is all after report um yeah
Larry did my hair yesterday and I slept
on it and I still thought it looks good
this morning so I thought I'd go with it
anyway I need to have some breakfast so
I will see you in a minute this is what
happens when you're away for a while
this amount of Royal Mail we've missed
you things sure I've got to go and pick
those up today
yeah the postman was like you've got a
lot of mail my friend yeah did he say
that yeah like I was like I know he's
like when you're gonna go get it I was
like maybe tomorrow he's like good
because I'm not redeliver it I think he
was kidding like I don't think he was
excellent yeah yeah and like my postman
hates us yeah
hates clothes yeah yeah what can I do
how much what can Reggie do everything
dooms occasion that must lie down he's
tired oh he was very stubborn this
morning huh huh Xena yeah yeah why he's
just like I wanted to sniff everything
like I don't know dog walkers or thug
people out there if you go dogs do you
get like pissed off at your dog if they
just like sniff everything like within
20 meter like distance just like come on
Ricky I don't I love it that's just time
to shine
yeah but like when you open when you
spend literally 10 minutes walking I
don't know like 50 meters away from the
come on Reggie stop sniffing now then
you'll do that for like 45 minutes
yeah but then I'll just time come on go
and then he looks me like hey he's
beautiful
all right guys I've made it to BBC
women's hours so exciting so I'm just
chilling in here and it's no big deal
but I'm actually here with Sal you guys
know how much I adore this woman do we
have to talk about your new book that's
what I want to do I said
is right here it is right here I must be
trying to plug it no eat it from my body
I've seen it in the store but I don't
copy yet but this is yours I brought you
one I get to take can you sign it yes of
course so that's what we're gonna do and
we are getting ready to do a show all
built mascara I guess is yeah thing so
I'm doing a week on woman's er which is
running everyday next week about
different makeup items and s day is
first I believe on Monday talking about
mascara so we're just taping it today
and then we have different experts
throughout the week it should be fun
it's gonna be amazing so make sure you
listen and go check out Sally's book
alright so I'm heading home just quickly
before I go to Birmingham but it was
such a cool experience that was the
first thing I've ever done with BBC so
it was kind of a big deal and it was
awesome to meet Sally um I got her to
sign my book which was exciting um yeah
she's awesome really cool gal and the
series starts on Monday and it goes all
week long and my episode is on Wednesday
so make sure you check it out and now
I'm gonna go home and have a cup of tea
things are getting pretty london ii
around here see if I can zoom in the
zoom on this camera is not wrong thanks
a lot cab Thanks so up Wow now I'm just
zooming in on a man's ear hello yeah
this is a giant fail alright gang so I
am back home but I'm just right on my
way out again heading to Birmingham so
let's go to the train station so I've
made it on the train and I'm sitting
beside the one and only Louisa
hi again whoo you guys have met before
yeah it's me creeping and um we are just
talking about the juice that I'm about
to drink it is pineapple golden berry
and ginger sounds like a good mixer or
something telling times
so I've just spent an hour in the
greenroom eating a lot of snacks I had a
banana I had some chocolate-covered
peanuts
where's our stuck in my teeth and no I
didn't say chocolate-covered penis I
said Tom covered peanuts
okay okay guys anyway I'm just walking
downstairs because it's a very intimate
event and there's actually two groups of
15 ish people each so it's like a really
nice small intimate event which I am
really looking forward to and we're
going to do a Q&A with Rose it's just
such a lovely old friend of mine and
it's gonna be great so that's what we're
doing now so just going down the
escalator and on up you can see this
little group of people here but this is
it oh now she's waiting if you like the
Queen or something
everybody's like looking at me that's
cool that's very cool oh hey guys I'm
vlogging so look alive and I think she
was like you remembered that I was I
really
like say was my brother like you
couldn't believe I dedicated a whole
little segment
although I think I did call him a turtle
about it I said ears like a turtle yeah
I definitely about that yeah you would
my editor was like what does that mean I
just seen it I'm always hot dogs growing
up but you guys have a special Reggie's
to me just what you need to add on a
night has completely changed our
relationship he's change the way our
house feels he's just changed everything
for the better even like all of our
downtime revolves around home he makes
us get outside you just I've just got
the bull ride these are
you know it's just and he's really
brought Iceland and I a lot closer
together it's just I mean I don't know
welcome to talk about if Reggie wasn't
around it seems like the topic of every
Mambo he's beautiful
he's sleeping right now do you
do you will never buy
sighs first to take that luck
story this is what I couldn't believe it
I didn't know this until I read it and
that is the best I've ever been so I'm
just hanging out with Vicki and we just
realized that we order the exact same
thing at Wagamama we literally to a tee
and you want to say what it is the
trustee and sorry
don't worry oh the chicken get up easier
okay I've never been anyone who orders
that literally that's what I get every
time for years I've had the same thing
I'm the free osteo the three crazy you
get the fragrances no it's free the
green tears my love I've been going to
maybe London it's not free or something
like that so what is it on the table or
like you've to ask for it ministry size
top tip of the day
green green tea I call up your tip so
I'm just leaving but I just wanted to
show you guys Rose I've just commit for
a big kudos to say good night we have
the best afternoon it's been amazing and
you guys might know Rose as what is it
mixed gems gems beauty yeah and I've
known Rose for years and years but we
were joking that we've only actually
been in the same room like liked a
couple of times yeah that's the internet
for you and I but you were great you ask
so many good questions
wait you know what we had a really
lovely cried like everyone asked
questions and just interacted and it was
so it was left like great so if you're
ever in itself or just Birmingham heaven
fine man yeah laughter no she's not we
did a quick little pit stop at fret this
isn't old for me guys there are four of
us we're very excited
so I actually forgot to end the vlog
last night but I got home around 11:30
p.m. and I went straight to bed and I
fell asleep like a little baby it was so
nice
um yeah thanks to everyone who came out
to Birmingham last night it was crazy
I'm like getting so delirious like I I
can't even believe that that was last
night
but it was anyway I'm having a day at
home today to like do blog pictures and
emails and stuff like that so I'm not
going to vlog today because I'm
literally just organizing my life and
like doing laundry and stuff but I will
see you guys very shortly I'm actually
going to LA next week so the party is
not quite done yet
so I will be vlogging a little bit next
week as well so I will see you guys
probably next time I see you is when I'm
heading to LA so I will see you then
have a great weekend I'll talk to you
soon bye
after number 2 for today my lady had an
outfit what are you doing oh okay let me
try and get it so hey guys check out the
outfit at the bottom we've got boots
from my mom they're friendly chateaux
look alright then we've got the the
jeans what are the jeans about humanity
humanity jeans moving on to the top
every see a shirt and a cool broom coat
again
