Reggie is the talk of the town this
morning we ran into so many people just
inquiring about him and there's really
nice as always please excuse my
appearance once again looking gorgeous
my hair is cray massive Bed Head we went
to bed honestly by the time we turned
the lights I was probably 130 probably
fell asleep but around 2:00 and then I
woke up by this horrifying nightmare
which I won't go into because was so
real and I just it's horrible and I woke
up around 5:30 quarter to 6:00 and then
I just kind of like laid in bed and was
like um so gonna definitely need that
origins eye rollerball today because my
eyes are feeling slightly puffy all the
drama going on with Reggie because we've
got some squirrel action over here which
you probably can't see but there were
lots of squirrels he's just ready to
make his move this is my sad attempt out
at Reggie camp I suck read you can read
you can just came that squirrels stopped
him for no reason
come on come on read you can read you
can walking very slow that's what he
loved watch out
I am the reggie dog why don't I have the
Reggie cam skill why why is it so hard
when you guys have a dream good or bad
do you go online and try to figure out
what it means like do you type in dream
meaning flying or something like that
how do you ever do that do you think
that that's valid do you think people
can actually analyze dreams and it
actually means something or do you think
it's just do you think it's just random
dreams my dad never actually had a
flying dream I've always wanted to have
that classic flying through the air
dream but so now we're having for me
never
I wanted to never has
oh dear oh dear
Archy let's go oh god oh god okay come
on I decided to make some ice team so
what I did was I just took two tea bags
and put them in this mug and let them
steep for about three ish four minutes
you can see it's really like a dark tea
now it's very strong but this is kind of
like the concentrated part of the tea I
just put in a little bit of honey to
sweeten it I bet I put about half of the
tablespoon in here and I'm going to put
in here because it's still warm so it
will dissolve it now I'm going to get a
lemon and squeeze the juice into this I
just transferred the tea concentrate
into this big glass bottle so you can
see it's you know just a little bit of
the tea and I'm going to fill the rest
up with cold water and that is it this
is still a little bit warm what I could
have done is put some ice in here but
I'm not drinking it right away anyway so
I'm just going to let it cool down on
the counter and then eventually I'm
going to put it in the fridge so that is
how I make iced tea very easy and then
when I actually drink it I put ice in my
glass just to give it that true iced tea
effect and as you can see my bananas are
dying yes they are so I was thinking of
making banana bread later we shall see
but yeah I see that's how to do it
opening up number 19 what is this oh
it's the Moringa body milk to match the
shower gel that I got the other day so
it's cute little set honestly very cute
I I know a lot of you guys said in the
comments that this is an old lady smell
I get that but I I am an old lady and I
really like it
I just got out of the shower and as I
was just about to head out but the
postman came and I'm holding this knife
but I actually just realized there's an
open tab the postman just came and
delivered something from ham and I'm
really excited because if you remember
when we went to the modern show I bought
a couple of things from the
under ham and I already talked about
this but I'll link to her website down
below she sent me an email and was just
like saying thanks a lot for like
putting a ham in your vlog she's like I
want to send you a little thank-you and
I was like okay go on then cuz I just
loved her product so I know that was
like kind of like cheeky and me wasn't
it alright I just could resist I was
like you twisted my heart anyway send me
a little Christmas present so let's see
what she sent me you said with my
compliments thanks again to stay have a
wonderful Christmas and that's really
cute I would show you this but I want to
show my dress but the cute little I mean
right down to the dang stationery she's
got it going on so nice okay so now
we're opening this what is it what could
it be
oh my goodness Oh Oh like be funny yeah
like that one I absolutely love this I
love all of her designs I mean I already
said this about a million times in the
last vlog but both houses and I think
that these prints are so different than
anything we've ever seen before they're
kind of like they have that child ish
aspect in a way because it's got the
animals and it's like you know just a
nice little thing and I'm doing quite
simple things but it's because it's
black and white and just a wave is
illustrated it's so adult and she said
most people who buy your stuff art is
for adults so I think I sell it cue
cheek cute chic yeah that's what it is
it is kinda cute chic yeah I think it's
so hard to balance this kind of thing
without making it too childish or too
adult
do you know what I'm saying yes making
sense yes and I'm gonna frame this and
put this in my office
because it's so cute you'll be seeing
this in a video in the background so
thank you very much Joe I absolutely
love it and I'm also so impressed that
Hamm has their own printed tissue paper
it's the little things people I'm gonna
link her website down below so make sure
you go check it out
blah blah blah what lunch time what time
bounce bounce bounce bounce
I just finished filming a video and I've
got two more videos to film before
Saturday so I might film one today and
then maybe one tomorrow if I've got time
tomorrow so that is good
me and Reggie just hanging out here
aren't we Reggie are we I love when
Reggie presses his head against my leg
is so cute anyway so I thought before I
filmed another video I'd better have
lunch because I can't think unless I
have food in the tank so hopefully I can
come up with some sort of lunch idea and
the iced tea I made this morning is
really really good Reggie's just
drinking some water okay probably didn't
need to know that but just letting you
know just about to film my other video
and then after that I'm gonna take
little Reggie up for his dinnertime walk
I'm just waiting for this furry
microphone to turn on it takes so long
to turn on oh is it on it's on and I've
got my camera here my lights there I'm
ready to rumble and I'm just taking
Reggie for his dinnertime stroll he was
really dying to go for a walk so I was
fine with me I put his coat on and we're
going out it was raining but luckily it
stopped I hope it doesn't start again
before we get back because that's the
worst when you get rained on like two
minutes before you get home so here's
Reggie we're just finishing up our walk
and of course we saw the as man
and Reggie's just being like very proud
with the stance did dilute that this is
my dad
go home we are back home from walking
Reggie and I think we're gonna go out
for dinner honestly worth I okay you
know we wanted to go to the South Bank
Christmas thing and it doesn't seem to
be raining anymore so I think we're
thinking about going we're thinking
about thinking about going that's what
we're doing right now I'm still in my
coat so the options still open I'm gonna
prepare myself for the preparation of
going I'm gonna I'm gonna think about
thinking about the preparation for going
okay yes anyway what you guys think
should we go too bad this wasn't live oh
my god if this was a live vlog imagine
and live blog people do a live streams
and stuff yeah like you know you're
stuck up on your computer
yeah what they should do is get one of
these bad boys with a live blogging
function over 3G oh my gosh I don't
think the world needs to see what I'm
doing live because thank God for
anything that's all hey anyway I think
we are going to go we're gonna go to
Wagamama
cuz there is one nearby the Christmas
market thing right or is there food
there I don't know I kinda want to sit
down and eat and they have amazing iced
tea whose you listening sorry I'm
reading my Instagram comments
oh my god was this one little freaky it
says so the internet have let's see you
it says so the internet had a freaky
moment whilst watching I see button n
lion's mane with Claudia L Fox haha love
you guys
I guess it was just there internet so
mousey roses alright we're looking at
your Instagram just walking to work well
is now I'd have to say I do like
Christmastime mainly because of the all
the decorations that people put up in
shops Bob I do like that makes you see
it makes it seem jolly like mixing like
people are out to have a good time oh oh
oh my god oh my god
that stays biggest pet peeve is when I
cross the street and it's like kind of
like bottom line so I go so far mine you
know
so making that way to the WAGs
foxtons boo-boo haze bara on a Thursday
evening it's not even a weekend but
still very busy always busy for a market
look oh isn't that pretty stars got in
sat down it's actually fairly quiet wag
moments so I do a little shot cash for
months
yeah this one is nice because it's like
an old I don't know what this is a horse
stables or a warehouse or something but
they've got this really big high arched
roof or that the front is all just like
a big piece of glass so it looks very
nice they got like the expose their
break within one glass so nice
combination and it's it's very quiet
tonight isn't it yeah which is nice
cause normally you're like crampon next
to like please like to see the new
winter menu I didn't know they had it we
have the new winter than you Oh they've
got this new icky beer which I'm excited
to try out Oh what what's it gonna be
like I love Japanese bears my god peach
iced tea hey Jesse yeah
are you zooming in on yourself okay time
look at the new additions in the winter
menu wok fried greens it's new barely
pulled pork I owe them some zag a
mahi-mahi curry this actually sounds
really good I might add this as my main
carry low minutes back I remember this
dish is good we've got some mushroom
nominally grilled duck ramen as well
I've tried the mushroom wrong already
the mushroom ramen is very good I
recommend that it's very much another
just trying to decide how my day came I
didn't realize it was this big it's very
very large I wasn't planning getting
drunk tonight if I suppose what's gonna
happen you can't plan everything so give
it a fuss little sip and it's a very
interesting beer that that green tea and
usual Japanese lemon and it does give it
a kind of citrusy fragrance and the
green tea as we're sort of sweetness
but it's very refreshing and very nice
thumbs upses i stays lucky once you've
got the first dish out I've got my
chicken ramen
stupid they are pretty big the wrong
balls first thing I do is eat all the
broth that I like wait a minute there's
no process so here's my mahi-mahi curry
looks very good at first I was like this
I'm excited nearly done with my beer now
nearly there I think I've done well all
things considered I eat you're not ready
on the south bank now
lovely little panorama it's beautiful
isn't it yeah I love those little lights
well I'm on the bridge yeah lovely
lovely we're heading down the south bank
now towards the Tate Modern
so we're gonna head towards the market
they're making good progress we're at
the globe now The Globe Theatre lots of
people think it's the real one it's not
the real one was destroyed this is just
a fake one so don't get too excited when
you see this are you ready for this to
be that is a good question what it is
narrow in the minds no way oh wow okay
on yeah whether it is oh I remember now
Oh giannis I studied the place a level
I don't even remember the actual lines
beyond beyond to the octopus no you're
in the mine okay I forget yeah the next
landmark on our walk is of course the
Tate Modern you can't really say it's
too dark but this actually used to be a
coal power station in fact leads to be
to coal power stations in London this
one and the one in Battersea the one in
bad to sea for some reason they thought
that it was too good to be given up and
made into something that could
potentially destroy it so they just
decided to leave it empty and ironically
that the Batsy ones I should become most
derelict one on the other hand the Tate
Modern it's by far the better looked
after one well what are they doing with
the Paterson well not now they could be
building lots of flats around there they
could turn to lots of flats so which is
you know fine whatever flats nothing
exciting but the team up to a modern
it's what we like arguably the best
museum has been made in the last 50
years black fry station coming up with a
new Blackfriars Bridge there it is all
blue I have to say I'm not much a big
fan of it because on Blackfriars Bridge
completely blocks the view if you're
walking along or driving along
Blackfriars Bridge it completely blocks
of you east of that bridge Boris sort
that out make it made it make it a
glasses on they make them really clear
lower it down
give me that view back oh my god but and
guess what we're here we going through a
tunnel of lights oh well this is the
south bank this is the shittest market
in the world it's the market yeah this
is even much of a market it's not that
way it's only like six thirty or
something and just for us they set up
some beautiful vlogging lights so you
can see us in action well yeah then you
were coming so I told Boris I was like
Boris I'm planning a lovely romantic
evening milady at the South Bank the
best arranger vlogging I think I stay
was getting worried that the market
wasn't here but here it is even the book
markets still here the book market under
the arches yes famous secondhand book oh
I think that I think they're clearing up
now but it's always here every day
there's a bookmark secondhand book
market underneath the arches near
Waterloo Bridge and just a lot as we get
here it starts to rain and thunder and
lightning I'm not a lightning so so I
don't think we were spending too much
time here we spent like maybe half an
hour so then we'll head home I think Oh
delicious donuts and we didn't get
dessert
we also have the famous skate park at
the south bank it's kind of like a
skating BMX area around here they get
other guy doing some tricks
unfortunately this actually plans to
shut down the skate area I knew in the
newspapers about a couple months ago
this they said they're a big developers
going to overtake this area and get rid
of the skate park and there's a big
uproar because this is used by quite a
few people like this is like the premier
graffiti skate area in London so I don't
know if they're still going ahead with
that or not
why are you instance skating and you're
in London check it out yeah and it's
reciting terrain now we've got our
fellas up so this is China
we brought umbrellas we thought ahead
yeah we're trying to see if there's any
potential Christmas presents Oh GRU
kaleidoscope yeah
I know you sell of pliers goes right I
stay really like this kaleidoscope so
let me see if you can look at the view
play your spin it that's pretty much
worse he was spitting it
very well made listen closely
is it worth saying earlier how they had
this plan to redevelop the skate park
and hear the actual guys who are
protesting against it so we don't like
the idea of and redevelop the skateboard
do it so we are gonna sign up the
petition to stop them and we will link a
we will show a link below maybe if they
do have it maybe you can do a sign an
online petition what's right
sign the petition I won't we and here
the little stickers they go out it's
very nice to them and yeah they have a
website so we'll definitely link that
and apparently the plan is to build more
shops here which is just ridiculous lots
of doesn't need any more shops
especially the south bank there's so
many shoppers on the south bank so if
you can reduce on a petition of it it's
it's going to really suck to lose a
beautiful piece of 20th century
architecture and as well as a nice place
for young people to hang out an
expression so well that we're just
continuing but it is raining quite
fiercely now the rain what's right so
anyway but it's a lot of foodstuffs
which you know we already have dinner
without interested plus it's starting to
Sun to Thunder a little bit so I'm
concerned about Reggie so I might head
home soon and there this rain isn't
really making things any better hummus
what my lights are pretty lights always
pretty
I think we've had a nut market for now I
think with a headphone the weather's
just was defeated us what oh one of
these ones carousels you want to go on
it
look at this pile topical it's a big
bust of Nelson Mandela and there's you
know it was just lots of flowers and
stuff in there and everybody keeps him
walking in this puddle freezing still
slightly damp yeah but Reggie is he's so
scared of thunderstorms
I think he's been nervously panting a
little bit tell you buddy
you might remember that I bought him
something called a thunder shirt and
it's something you put on the dog to
calm them down during thunderstorms and
other nerve-racking situation so we're
gonna put this on him see if it works
I don't know he's not like really
totally freaking out but he's a little
nervous so let's put it on him
shirt is going on Reggie's like what's
happening we're turning into a Thunder
dog thunder shirt is on the back dog is
wearing a thunder shirt did that be able
fearsome creature don't think so so
we'll see if this works
hi buddy relax now it's been about 20
minutes since we put the Thunder shirt
on Reggie and for a while it was helping
he wasn't panting as much but now that
I'm looking at him he's panting again so
I don't know I think we're gonna have to
just monitor him tonight and see if we
think the Thunder shirt is helping so
far I think yeah
what maybe one day things definite maybe
yeah so we'll keep you posted I'll let
you guys know tomorrow what we think
about in the meanwhile I think we're
going to end the vlog here for tonight
I've got to edit two videos tonight and
what are you doing putting together my
IKEA thing yeah
the other I kidding I'm sure you guys
don't want to watch me
not again so so we will see you guys
tomorrow morning bright and early again
probably yeah yep
we'll see you tomorrow bye okay we will
see you guys tomorrow though seriously
bye
