hello everybody this is vlogmas day is
it 18 18 it is 18 crazy and I've already
had shower because I had such a great
night's sleep last night
I think the medication did have
something to do with that but I'm
feeling so much better I think that like
two day phase there where I felt
horrible I just get over that now I feel
great I still have a little bit of a
sore throat but you know I can move past
that it's just that sick feeling thank
God it is Gone Baby Gone Aslan is making
breakfast
look at this making my plastic engine
avocado eggs avocado and what's on the
bottom Oh
oh yeah Wendell thing that looks really
good
I just had some toast and I'm drinking
my tea watching it's Judy's life
and Reggie's 100% he's feeling good
wagging his tail looking good
and he's already had his walk sir we
didn't actually blow of that ya know to
tie this morning it was an it was an
early morning early morning um so anyway
I'm just going to continue on doing what
I'm doing gonna get ready in a little
bit and I will report back yeah we're on
to day 18 now and I'm really excited
because this is a big one what could it
be
oh I know you guys will think this is
crazy but the bodyshop loofas are the
only ones I use I think they're the best
one I've actually got a stash of for
underneath my bathroom sink at the
moment because they're my favorite ones
these little ones are really good for
travel as well and I brought this one we
went to well not this one but I brought
a small one like this when we went to
Morocco so yeah they come in very handy
I might take this to Canada with us just
having some strawberries I kind of
forgot these were in the fridge so they
have to be eaten right away it's a
little bit later now it's 12 o'clock
I've just been answering some emails and
doing some stuff like that in about an
hour I've got to leave because I'm going
to meet my friend Catherine and we're
gonna go have lunch and do some shopping
I am I am a little bit stressed out
about Christmas because I haven't really
started like I have ideas I've gotten a
few things but I need to wrap it up
today because this is pretty much the
last day I'm going to be able to do it
maybe Saturday if
I absolutely have to but every single
year it's December 18th and this is what
I'm doing but luckily I did think of
something to get aslan because that was
really killing me I hope he likes it
I'm so bad at giving guests hope I can
just walk into the store see the item be
like yes I want that yes I want that
that never happens but I'm going to try
so like I said I have an hour before I
need to start getting ready to leave so
I'm just editing my tutorial that will
go up on Sunday hopefully I can I won't
be able to finish it before I leave but
I can make a big dent in it and then
finish it up tonight to have that ready
to rumble I'm running late as per usual
just gonna take Reggie for a quick
little walk before I go see you cat reg
this is the fresh sugar passion tinted
lip balm I love it because he gets so
much color but it's so moisturizing as
well my hands look very dry and weird
and scaly but just look past that and I
can't open it out because you've got to
twist it with two hands can't do it but
yeah it's really good okay I made it to
Oxford Circus and I'm with ya and I we
were just talking about the fact that
her channel has serious lack of videos
for about six months we need to revive
it
not sure what's gonna happen cuz she's
my gonna do it she's a busy busy art
students so we're gonna go shopping I
think and then maybe go to Liberty and
then possibly go for lunch just leaving
monkey they've got pretty cool bags now
actually they're kind of Halloweeny
yeah but I'm going with it and go with
it this is Carnaby Street for anyone
who's never been here before
I think we're gonna go get some food now
to ping pong we have made it to ping
pong we are getting some dim sum just
making a little order right about now
and then we'll get our drinks I'm sorry
we forgot to blog the food because it
was just so dang good
came and it was gone and now we're
outside and I think we're just gonna
continue wandering around because I
still haven't bought a single Christmas
gift guys I'm screwed I'm screwed so
hopefully I can find something ASAP oMG
beauty lovers just take a moment and
look at this I think these are just
glass ornaments but they're shaped like
nail polishes like massive nail polishes
that is so cool and there's lipsticks
down here ah that's amazing I wonder how
much these go for forty five pounds
ladies and gentlemen forty five pounds
we are in Selfridges and I'm the damage
is being done but I'm really glad to
just get some gifts out of the way now
we're entering the Christmas shop but I
don't know if this is the Christmas
section or just the toilet section yes
christmas is coming up there's glitter
everywhere you can pretty much get any
kind of gift you could ever dream of in
this little Christmas section let lots
of stocking fillers just random things
like this very Christmassy up in here
that's for sure we're in the sexy
section of Selfridges and we're just
talking about all the zipping and the
fastening the fact they're just saved by
the point that you get it dude it's dad
how would you even how do you how do you
do this how do you look at the middle
you got 12 different oh my god how long
would that take the access no that's
very difficult access
I just got home and here's Reggie
guarding his squirrel he's let you touch
this you die can I have your squirrel
he's like you touching my squirrel you
touching my squirrel
here's the as man hello ladies and
gentlemen
I like to say ladies Jones if I say -
I'm gonna roll up my tongue so well me
too
I like saying it I just got home and
what is even happening with my hair I
got the weird curl yeah when I need to
clip um just had a really nice time with
Katherine honestly like it was just
she's the cool person and it's nice to
hang out with people every now and then
and we I've logged a little bit but I
didn't vlog a lot I honestly forgot to
vlog like we were deep in convo oh well
cuz she like moved here recently yes and
we're just talking about like what it's
like to move to England and just like
it's a nice chat actor because we have a
lot in common
I'm just gonna show as on a couple of
gifts I've got for other people but I
can't show you guys unfortunately
because they may be watching this con
shut up just on the camera me I don't
have it all day long okay what do you
want to say just just something just
what do you have to say to the vlog um
I've been looking after Reggie else's
days being away yes you've walked a
morning and night but I did welcome in
the afternoon go on what's next
um I'm really excited for Friday because
there's five photo exhibits that I want
to see and I feel like I lose the
microphone yes yeah okay
I feel like five is a lot in a day maybe
too much yeah we're gonna be like museum
hopping on Friday like every single
freaking London Museum should be fun
though yeah but fun is educational lots
of them closed before
all right after Nia so either Now or
Never
yeah so Friday is gonna be Museum
hopping duck clip is back baby
I took up all my makeup but I figured
you guys don't care at this point you've
seen me looking pretty rough and we're
all we're all we know each other this is
fine right if I'm looking a little bit
red-faced it's because we've been
lifting all this IKEA furniture around
and caring in oh man Ivan will
like a total like muscle machine
Charlie's jamokes right carrying up 40k
tables upstairs by myself so problem he
was like I was like yo I'm gonna help
you with that he's like no with myself
but like even if we get groceries and
we've got like tons of grocery bags like
he will insist on carrying every single
bag like you won't even let me bring in
the bag of lettuce you know what they
call me what in the cab what camp so the
man count life one trip as going
I don't think one favor you take one
trip out of the grocery store he does
not go back to pick up anything else so
are any of your boyfriend's or are you
yourself part of the man camp let us
know are you a one trip bike building I
think they're all I think old man a one
trip time guys there was a commercial
all about this and it was really funny
but yeah I I have no shame in asking for
help if I can't lift something why not
get some help but one trip as you filled
out for that I decided you feel quite
minor this evening yeah I've just been
bringing up heavy goods up up the stairs
I'm going to put together some IKEA
furniture he's gonna use a drill I've
been making some dough you know making
some bread dough I think making bread is
kind of a manly activity do you think no
is it
I think so yeah like it's the manliest
like manliest thing a person can bake
I'm getting ready like a good bread like
you know so for sure I think that's like
oddly attracted what a guy can make
bread yeah yeah I don't know I kind of
thought about that I'm gonna make round
just making pizzas pieces oh but maybe I
should make that into bread anywho uh
let's go put together some flat-pack
back here furniture
so here we are here is the before I mean
that was a desk day it wasn't like this
before
I'll be very weird it's a chair a lot of
people asked how I mounted my computer
like that um it's just like a visa wall
mount you can get them on the internet
and get on Amazon eBay just on the back
there
there's like a wall mount and I was
actually gonna do
take it because I prefer to put saganaki
of Oneg and better State on me that
wasn't appropriate so are you saying
that you like to put IKEA furniture
together naked yeah
and I have that is either all or nothing
and if it can't be nothing my just going
to wear your I'm not really convinced
that you need power tools you do an idea
make these guy holes big enough I think
anyone can really understand the fact
that building something from Ikea is
like the ultimate test of a relationship
what do you have to say for yourself now
after all of the complaining as one just
did saying that IKEA had built it wrong
he was using the wrong screws well why
would you put three different types of
screws
what I have to ask you is this are you
reading the instructions I am waiting
but there's not seem not necessary to
put three different screwed you can
think of Justin - it's all I'm gonna say
hmm fellas - but it stays decided to
help out and she did in the first part
we go I've made this far but I can't get
this stupid script yeah it only gets
more complicated so well
it says I can't it's so silly and every
time I go to screw it in my tremble
rolls there all right there we go oh no
not an angle what's going in I've got
this I'm glad she's helped there we go
look come on you can do it oh yeah in
high school I took auto I like worked on
cars and I also took shop oh nice this
is coming in handy
okay so put the legs together now
they're right there with we're wondering
how to secure the legs onto the actual
body of the desk but apparently you just
according to I care just rest this heavy
ass piece of with a haunted online yeah
someone said they call that here nothing
but how many of you guys have got bought
over here if any of you guys know how
they prosecuted it right you guys know
how to secure this to these legs the
legs are called um Lloyd Berg data bag
if anyone knows how to secure tabletops
to these let me know because there's no
holes no it is 9:30 at night and what
are you doing
I think Pisa as when it's got all this
ingredients here we're having a little
midnight aka not midnight snack evening
sex well then we have dinner properly so
yeah we're thinking tonight could be a
late night
you know what hard work just yeah put
one desk together eat one pizza that's
that's the way we do it this is how we
do it before and this is after mmm I
didn't realize it looks a lot like that
mushroom polenta but in pizza form but
this this is like blood ception you say
Europe you saw this earlier but I stays
see I said to say oh we're just getting
cracking on the first Alex and as soon
as I open up his bugs I stay was like
there's no news because we were gonna do
it together but there is just no like I
know myself well of it not together
we're going to do both the same time
decide myself yeah but I like the way
you're sitting I thank you for you
donations out there you may think this
is incredibly uncomfortable but you'd be
mistaken it's actually incredibly
comfortable and a great way to relax and
sit down now if can I do an upskirt as
one's feet are completely flat on the
ground and his ass is very low to the
ground and he claims this is comfortable
I don't know I can't do it it's in the
Asian genetics Asian people if you go to
India if you go to China
you will see Asian people on the street
on the street corner you see like
Chinese men for example they want to
chill out smoke a cigarette instead of
just standing around one what they'll do
is not just Chinese men just to Asians
and generally you're going to do is just
like this are my eyes getting tired when
I relax
simple simple as that easy and I
physically cannot do it
I can literally I force it like this for
half an hour 40 minutes so try this at
home and tweet us a picture if you can
do this yeah if you're Asian you're
you're pretty much gonna be able to do
this no problem let me try it
let's see you like a good I always think
oh I could do that easy okay
yeah pull him up put my pie okay this is
a stays attempt here excuse the
ridiculous mess in the background she's
gonna do it but we back yeah for why
your hands in there just relax and hands
you could it yeah is it comfortable
okay okay come on and also your feet are
straight yeah well don't write a ha ha
ha do you see what I see oh my god ok
let me jive opposed I just cannot
balance I just can't do it
meanwhile he's still going strong
looking go quick we can go wide I like
so good so we're coming down quite
nicely here
what's the stay doing
I'm actually watching the trailer for
homeland yeah I think we're in need of
an you TV show are we yeah I think I'm
gonna watch house of cards so I think
we're gonna watch homeland now I'm home
not like 24 it's a little too hot enough
24 my logic there James isn't it yeah
but guess who's in house of thought it's
Pacey
yes exactly how about how about I love
him
okay I'll cigars okay I think we're
about halfway through mini that and the
finished product let's see how smooth
these drawers are oh yeah very well-made
like baaah like butter yeah that's
what's really good actually
I really like it so we've got one more
of these to put together I don't think
it's gonna happen tonight considering
it's midnight
yeah oh geez well there goes one of my
lights okay be protective casing up just
like it to this fact this is a victory
I'm slightly concerned about the amount
of screws that are left over but I'm
just gonna leave it know the screws are
there for the for the cost is on the
bottom but there's no putting passes
over yeah fine yes I think it looks
really good
here is the finished product in situ
yeah I was going to stack the second one
on top but we bought the shelves as well
that's not gonna work and now we're
going to turn the shelves for Evelyn all
right Charles st. ah I think they'll be
nice symmetry if you got one over there
one over here yeah but the problem is
then I have no place to put my lights so
we're just trying to well consider all
things but I believe that actually I
like having a little IKEA in my life
spice up your life so we're pretty tired
it's um past midnight shocking okay how
do you mean that happened it's not if it
is 1154 okay it's been known so yeah bad
thing with an intimate yeah we're
hitting the hay stack and
to you guys tomorrow what a meeting
tomorrow so we will see you guys
tomorrow possibly for some more
organizing more IKEA izing yeah yeah
more fun Island fun isak whoa gangsta
yeah we will see you guys in tomorrow's
vlog check you later bye
