oh poor little Reggie how are you
feeling this morning hard buddy
I don't think Reggie's feeling very well
we woke up and there's a lot of puke in
the living room Reggie by the puke Oh
poop I don't know it was a half digested
whatever it was I think I know why it's
really my fault I shouldn't have given
that stupid hat phone last night
yesterday I think that's what did it
yeah he's not really up for walking
today my drivi very husband's to God his
wattage wants to just kind of wants to
head home just making our little mends
and chicken and rice the classic dog
kill greetings everybody just got a
shower and I'm really sad to hear that
Reggie's not feeling well no poor guy I
didn't make him some chicken and rice
but you won't eat it but I read that
online it if the dog is ill that they
won't eat that's very common but context
is our line is that just to not force
them to eat or anything just give them
some plain chicken and rice and some
water and see how they get on and wait
for at least 24 hours or so to see how
they are before taking to the bed yeah
we're planning a big trip to Ikea today
actually that was going to be the big
surprise for you guys
Fry's surprise I don't want to leave the
man by himself yeah we'll just see how
he is after lunch it's now 10:30 morning
we'll see how he's after lunch hopefully
he's okay we'll eat something we'll just
play it by ear I mean I'd rather stay
with him a good idea that's true yeah so
as I'm called the vet and the vet said
it shouldn't really be anything to worry
about massively because there's no blood
or anything like that but I would just
rather take him in that is quite close
by so I'd rather just take him over
there and see I'm going to just go film
a couple of videos I've got two videos
that I'm going to film because I want to
have videos prepped primed ready to go
for when I'm in Canada Reggie does seem
to be getting better he's kind of like
been walking around and wagging his tail
a little bit more but we do have an
appointment on standby at the vet for
three or four o'clock so we'll just the
bet just basically said just see how it
feels and
we'll just take it from there oh yeah
he's he is eyeing up his food bowl but
he's not going for anyway I'm gonna go
film those videos now and I will be back
so we think he's on the mend because
he's finally taking some food but only
out of the hands of a stain he doesn't
want to eat it from the bowl and he just
wants me to feed her I think he doesn't
like the idea of eating rice
he's such like a classic Cod it was like
not a like rice just pick out the
chicken pieces okay I can tell he's
feeling a lot better because he's
running around
yes - - so that's good yeah and like
he's eating now hopefully he'll have
some water after this yeah that that was
just like see how it goes if he starts
eating starts looking like he's better
it's probably just like a little you
know you know sometimes even when I get
something I feel sick you know most
important thing is there ain't no blood
in his stool very know what it is -
don't even bother this chicken hello
he said come on what stop feeding me now
well he certainly seems to be a lot of
perkier on this Walker compared to the
morning one so I think this is a good
sign I know you guys are probably so
sick and tired of us talking now Reggie
is ill but you know it's just you can't
help but to overreact a little bit when
your little one is ill like that just
can't help it but yeah I think he's
definitely getting better just a quick
little update I finished filming both of
my videos which was good I hope my raspy
little voice wasn't too annoying feel I
guess you'll see in a couple weeks time
and also I was sneezing a lot so there's
gonna be some editing fo sho because
nobody wants to see that I don't even
want to see that anyway
I so that's done that's good Reggie is
feeling so much better I'm so happy he
was eating his food his regular kibble
and he was drinking so yeah his tails
wagging he's playing with a squirrel and
he's just like night and day definitely
not gonna give him that bone obviously
that's just--that's we've already thrown
about so yeah we're just gonna have to
be careful and make sure cuz I think
there was must have been some sort of
seasoning on that or something do you
think yeah okay so that's something in
that bone that it was maybe smoked with
something
yeah regi stomach and light so yeah will
doesn't be avoiding that absolutely yeah
but he's like I said he's so much better
now I'm so happy and he's just acting
like he's breaking herself so we called
the vet they said no point bringing him
in just see how he is tonight but they
said it's probably just like a case of a
little upset stomach since we're you
getting better actually hoping maybe
we'll go to Ikea tonight then we'll see
we'll see how he's getting on it's
opening pretty late so maybe I I know
it's open to like mm anyone I'm I think
he's actually eaten not a lot but quite
a bit
I just chicken as kibble so I think if
you can keep that down that'll be good
on today 17 already how crazy where is
it 17 okay over here let's see what's
inside
Oh another shower gel you can never have
too many of these little guys I don't
think this is the Moringa oh this is
nice
this is like I'm like come on smell it
this is like a really nice floral scent
I love the Moringa body butter in the
summertime oh yeah baby I'll be saving
this one for myself I decided to make
myself a little lunch dinner thing is
almost four o'clock and still haven't
had lunch still have not dinner didn't
even really have breakfast that's
terrible isn't it but I did have a mango
anyway I'm hungry for some pasta had a
craving for pasta and I'm just cooking
some really fine is it called angel hair
pasta if enemy chandni saturday vet
immediately he can speak russian he's
Italian
he can have a Canadian accent he can do
it all anyway we didn't have any real
pasta sauce so I'm just using some
passata which I didn't even know what
that was but apparently it's um just
system awesome just like tomatoes really
so I'm adding some real Tomatoes some
garlic I add a little bit of salt and
pepper in there I'm just going to heat
this up and I'm also going to add some
lemon juice and here is the finished
product looking good just adding some
Parmesan cheese and here we go
definitely will be able to eat all of
this but you know you can save it for
later that's a lot of cheese oh yeah
dinnertime
I'm gonna make this mushroom and herb
polenta
thing that I was meant to make some
dinner party last night but there was
too much food I didn't make it and it
stays just having her den is actually
getting some medicine because she's
feeling sick I just had my pasta it's
really good hmm yeah really good I'm
gonna take my day nurse a nurse a nurse
I hate taking medicine but desperate
times times so I don't know do you guys
want to show you how to make this cells
feel like I just put so much cooking
you're all the ingredients them already
we've got some mushrooms we've got some
soft white kind of Italian French cheese
as a reminder when you use but make it a
little bit a little bit flavorful but
some butter got some thyme and tarragon
rosemary and green onions and garlic we
have some polenta as well some truffle
oil
normal olive oil Parmesan cheese and
some vegetable stock you want to get
your mushrooms and some oil in a pan
that they all nice and hot for some
mushrooms in and let them fry just in
one side for about three to four minutes
just to get a nice browning on one side
of the mushroom whilst that's happening
get your stock put it in a sauce pan and
get it to a gentle kind of simmer once
the mushrooms have had three or four
minutes take them off the heat and then
just give them a bit of a gentle stir so
all them get coated in the oil after
that stir you wanna add your garlic and
the majority of your spring onions your
stock should be coming to the boil now
after it does just add your polenta and
then you've got to just start stirring
stirring stirring baby I'm using instant
polenta so this should only take about
four or five minutes to cook
you're going to just keep the polenta on
a gentle heat and don't forget to just
keep on stirring throughout the whole
process you don't any nasty lumps in
there we just keep on serve as the
polenta becomes ready go to your grill
and put the grill on high okay so keep
on stirring the cleanser is now ready so
you wanna add one half of your herbs to
your mushrooms now this is the tarragon
and time I'm adding that to the
mushrooms the other half of the hub's
which is the rosemary and the parsley
you want to add to the polenta you also
want to add your butter to the blend at
this point
the Parmesan cheese and make sure you
give that all a good stir so you should
have now your mushroom mixture ready and
then your plan to mix through it as well
this oh my god this smells incredible so
you want to add some salt and pepper to
both just add it to taste okay so once
you salt and pepper everything get your
polenta and then get like an oven proof
dish like this still a flat dish and
then going to just pop your polenta on
the dish there we go
pop it in just let that spin around if
you want you can spread it yourself so
I've spread the plant out into a rough
square then you want to get your cheese
and just place the cheese all over the
polenta just in random spots okay so I
arranged the cheese now you want to take
this and we want to put it under that
grill and want to put it under that
grill until the cheese starts to kind of
bubble and form a delicious crust on the
top so that's just melting under the
grill nicely lovely as you forgot to do
something but it doesn't matter too much
you can at this point
just add a little bit of truffle oil to
the mushrooms just a little bit there
you go a little bit of truffle oil and
then mix it around I mean it's just like
a it's an aromatic things it doesn't
really matter if it doesn't get pushed
into the mushrooms themselves whilst I'm
going for that cheese - I'm actually
going to just chop up some more parsley
because I think I'll be nice to sprinkle
over the top again cheese is ready now I
don't know if you can see it's kind of
bubbling up over on top so you want to
take that out of the oven go out of the
oven get those mushrooms and put them on
top of this stuff and just kind of
squish it in a little bit so here's the
mushroom on mushrooms on top and I'm
just going to just kind of squeeze them
in there
work them into the actual polenta and
the cheese you know it's good stuff okay
so now we want to return that back under
the grill give it like three or four
minutes just to warm the whole thing up
so it's been about two minutes in the
oven it's all bubbling up nicely that's
what you want let's give a couple of
more minutes of this and we'll take it
out as stays already had dinner so she's
drawn the short end to the stick and
there she's taken out Reggie I think
Reggie is feeling much better
oh wait it's cold on
no look at tail wag going outside yes
okay so it's been about a total of about
five minutes in the oven of course it
won't focus the actual food that's fine
though so let's take it out
it's bubbled enough and here it is fresh
out the oven still sizzling away and you
want to get that little bit of that
chopped parsley we want to just sprinkle
that on the top like this whilst it's
still hot there you go and now leave it
for about a couple minutes to cool and
then serve and enjoy get some of that on
the plate this recorder I just can't
wait I gotta have it boss it's hot we've
made the executive decision to go to
Ikea tonight
yeah because Reggie has made pretty much
a full recovery
yep and today was the day for ideas so
we gotta go yes no other time ready
before we leave and I really want to go
before we leave to Canada so I'm really
glad Reggie's okay he had a good little
walk he's feeling good looking good tail
Waggin he's eating drinking know he's
keeping stuff down since oh yeah he
hasn't he only pooped in the morning
okay was any time yeah the only time he
was sick this whole time was in the
morning so it's almost six o'clock at
night now so he's okay don't worry about
red she's alright so I think we're gonna
get cracking hopefully we don't hit the
rush-hour traffic which we will do which
we will we're trying to keep it as short
and sweet as poss yeah so we'll see you
once we're at IKEA
we made it to Ikea in one piece they're
blasting music in the parking lot which
is a little never seen at 4:00 I love
this IKEA went on in Tottenham because
the parking lot is like under the idea
and I just love this parking lot at
night something about it
I feel area where they've got some sort
of weird Christmas doll decoration
things they're kind of cute I the world
and here they are a beaver a badger is
an anteater isn't it or is it a patcher
it's a badger he's that's definitely
righty
um which one's Reggie yeah this is
Reggie right here good so cute I'm gonna
get another toy no we gotta stop gotta
stop with the class situation always
happens you come up to this floor and I
can with showroom is you have no idea
where the carts are say like you had a
brilliant yeah let's just get a car
let's get a car now I stays insisting
that we don't need a car so we've got
bags with the yellow IKEA bags hope
you'll be alright
yep I'm looking for a desk lovely IKEA
I'm interested in the middle section
where they have all the miniature items
yep all the smalls
it was just like office stuff no we need
a clean-up on aisle 10
yep on aisle 10 looks like somebody's
had an accident maybe got a little too
overexcited about the grain on this wood
had a little too much lower back uh-huh
hilarious there are dangerous cupboards
beyond this area
oh look frisky can't go beyond this so
these are these newer trending chairs
they have much a big fan of these chair
these are pretty cool chairs they can
remind me of like a mix between alcohol
and Tapie evaru and avian chairs how
nice the desk area buddy this is exactly
what a stack is looking for try to
choose one take your pick ladies pick a
big I think we're onto winner we are
onto a winner because I need more
storage for my makeup and papers and
products and all the stuff it's driving
me nuts I just like optimum I'm storing
things on the floor it's driving me
insane so I think getting one of these
this this venue wide Alexa Alex even
Alexa is the new life situation here the
new wider Alex yeah it's like smaller
the papers and stuff this would be for
dr. man things like that I'm checking
out being these little insert things and
I've actually had it in the drawer over
there that I'm going to get we thought
this would be perfect for storing things
because check
this could be I show you those this
could be you know blushes whatever you
can really just that's perfect
non-slip don't have to be faffing around
with tons of containers look what she
put me over like anyway already I can
ask you but but if I get a couple of
these you know I don't need them in
every single drawer so I think about the
desk situation sorted out as well we're
gonna get these legs the narrow peg legs
and white I think that's quite nice
little sculptural triangular and then
for the bottoms we'll be using this gret
on top and then it's kind of a nice
wooden oaky color so I think that will
tie everything together quite well I
also really like this convinced all
range by IKEA there's white with a cork
on top I think it looks really nice very
nice combo this is just like a set of
desk organizers put like a paperclip
serving very nice design did not very
sturdy clearly a little bit broken but
you know things get really abused here
so yeah they do in the video I feel them
today I was just talking about how I
hate used to hate the color orange now
I'm obsessed with it and look at this
Betty I am I am like oh my god I love
this would this go with mint green
absolutely where'd it go with mint green
seriously uh yeah I don't think so
orange green orange and green a good
color combo what do you guys think is
that true is that true
oh he's bringing in some other supplies
our headboard is green and we're trying
to see is more little light it's nice a
lot lighter than that it matches in a
classy way
yeah what do you think see
I'm perfectly happy with our sheets I do
like this I mean it's cool we'll think
about it
Danis is wearing off fast medication Oh
stay strong hang in there hang in is
that you
yeah the Hedgehog leaves home to a
hedgehog yeah I stayed loved the
children's section idea was that agent
humping a snake we're now in the market
hall making our way across this is a
part of the trend big the new connect
that's a really nice train the whole
collection action yeah nice little cup
and saucer or glass like they're doing
with the red dots are that's so cute
I like these is like my favorite well I
don't know I think I don't think you can
get better than this design for a glass
Lincoln you do oh do you actually oh wow
I just I think these are like so
utilitarian just perfect like for the
family I just don't like the feeling why
I like thin gloves please
is it fit you know varies you know
things that don't matter
there's no Cubs children kids kids kids
and I care what are they in Letterman in
the glasses section juror I get a
feeling like in a situation like this
they you just want to just
smash your car enjoy like a load of
glasses how satisfying that be most
people judge me as being insane so you
know I can't do that
gotta keep it gotta keep a cool head
gonna keep sane don't attract too much
attention this right here is a very very
nice well butcher-block metal wearing
around it and nice and thick
yes oh look it's part of a trend dig
again see you like that this lesson what
am I going to use these for these are
not spanking yeah are they not spanking
paddles no Iraqis as a heat protectors
put them down you can put a hot date on
top yeah it's at this between these or
just a normal cork
Lago oh I mean the coke like--well
corner cork
not call you know Park Oh Court this is
actor okay do you what do you think of
this or the corner yes okay easy only 1
pound 35 the team yes please I stay
pointed out these dollar horse captains
I'm not actually a big fan I always
think that if you make a cake in the
shape of something inside of 10 and sell
square like it's not it one it doesn't
bake evenly
- it's not practical to cut like what
you're going to give somebody the head
and give somebody else four hooves
that's good because I like the looks of
these silicon spatulas can you have too
many silicon spatulas and utensil drawer
I don't think so
what better rug for se button and a rug
full of buttons right oh my god yes we
were denied last night but here we have
cacti a good selection of fact
and then lots of succulents as well you
know perfect is perfect give it whatever
you like with the road color I'm really
happy
here's a little selection we've got
these two cool succulents and then these
cacti so the yellow flower a furry one
and just like a standard yay just
finishing up now on all the stuff from
your self service area which is nearly
there nearly done so here I am in the
IKEA you and the real question is to hot
dog or not to hot dog I don't know what
do you think hot dog no I think the hot
dog just just stick with the water god I
love that free refill I'm going to put a
lingonberry oh yeah in these sugary so
gonna try this it's like a berry drink
lingonberry it's alright so just waiting
for a state table top and it stays badly
purring the fries saying no she's about
to cry about the crack get it I just got
back from Ikea I think Reggie's happy to
see us back yeah
hold of guy we're gonna try to put it
together by the end before this weekend
hopefully in theory we'll see we'll see
if that actually gets done no um fingers
crossed
yeah I'm still feeling sick so we're
gonna try to get as much sleep as
possible so we're going to go to bed
it's about 9:30 I could probably sleep
Aslan definitely cannot sleep but I'm
probably going to go to sleep it's
important to get your beauty rest
especially girl yeah and Reggie's
feeling better everything yeah okay
we'll get their name or emoji I think oh
yeah sorry today was a little bit of a
lethargic day but you know I had two
sick hounds on my hands calling me out
yeah but we did get to go to Ikea which
is always fun isn't it yeah I know that
situation worked out I think we'll the
guess comes together is gonna look great
I'm really glad to have it organized
because oh I'm living in chaos I swear
okay Rosie it's chaos out here right
it's just like just pet me all night
please okay so see tomorrow guys bye
