it is pouring rain luckily we're in the
forest so it's not as bad but it's it's
I'm what I'm a little bit wet from the
rain
so is Reggie he's he doesn't seem to be
fazed by it anyway I just want to tell
you something weird that happened I was
walking along the street and this guy
was like oh is that a rescue greyhound I
was like I was like yeah he's like was
he on the sky team I was like you guys
he was is like I think I recognize him I
was like oh his racing name was
Skywalker Falcon he's like yep yep yep
so I don't know if the guy actually knew
Reggie or what but it seemed like you
know of I mean otherwise how would he
know he was on the sky team lucky guess
I don't know but I'm gonna just hurry up
and get home because this is miserable
I'm wearing my rain boots and my weather
resistant coat look in seconds again
this is the aftermath of the dinner
party oh dear oh dear we actually did
put some of this away last night but the
dishwasher got full and the discs are
full and let's be honest we just got
very tired and yeah so that you know it
was worse it was worse than listen I'm
gonna clean this up
organize it hopefully it doesn't take
too long my ears are ringing my throat
is hurting get ready cuz I'm gonna be
complaining all day I did take a shower
that helped that made me feel slightly
better oh god I don't want to be sick
when I go home to Canada because that
would just suck because Canada is like
relaxation time I'm trying to just chill
out hang with the fam and if I'm ill
that's gonna suck so I'm trying to mend
myself back to health so yeah just be
prepared for I'm gonna be I'm gonna be
you're gonna see me mending myself back
to health
something extremely exciting is
happening right now you guys know that I
hate to feel oranges I think I've
mentioned this like a million times I
hate to peel oranges because it gets
under my nails and it's just I just hate
the feeling of it but I would have come
to the rescue with a new Amazon order
because I know it's there's the peel
oranges I got a this it says citrus peel
it this is it look when I hold away yes
now look look what it looks like yeah so
what you do is a little there's a little
tooth in here that cuts into the body of
the citrus and scores it so it's easy to
feel so grab a order have an orange bowl
a lime
put it on cross the border and then you
can as you can see as I move it along
oh and just she goes along the body then
if I was to do it another law section by
the way his fingernails are covered in
beet juice it's not blood Osten a little
section like that for example it's easy
peeling well it should be anyway don't
you
is it easy though it makes it your lot
easier makes it easy oh my god that's so
cool
so just for you yeah because I always
want to have oranges but I can't peel
them because of my phobia
so that's sweet that's really cool I'll
let you guys know once I try it and if I
like it another thing is I can't
actually open up bananas I can't peel
bananas because I was squished the top
it's a real problem
fruit dilemmas I haven't got out on that
kind of it I'd caught it with a knife
got on tonight yeah let's open it up it
is advent calendar time is it 15 nope
that was yesterday 16 we're yet we're at
number 16 oh right here it's long and
skinny Oh a brush this is their
eyeshadow brush that's pretty cool this
event calendar is amazing
seriously this is this is cool stuff
right here another day another cat
situation
seriously we've got so many cats near
where we live Oh Reggie
Oh Reggie hat really has some balls it
like came out of hiding and just strut
it across the street where Reggie
doesn't know what to do themselves we
gotta go Reggie just leave this guy
alone honestly like we take two steps
and the cat follows look I can't believe
this cat
what a horrible cat come on buddy let's
go I bet you this cat will follow us
come on come on Reggie oh my god come on
reg let's go buddy
my god the cat is coming look at this do
you see this this is taunting oh my god
the nerve come on Reggie I feel bad I
almost want to let Reggie go just
kidding just kidding - all you got
lovers but do you see this kind of thing
this is ridiculous
this is just ridiculous just let you
know we're still being stopped by this
cat Reggie he can't take it much longer
back home early today
an Amazon package I would have came
exciting stuff you see what I got guys
this which is a pretty cool book to face
out 36 hours 125 weekends in Europe and
it's basically a book about short city
breaks in Europe so this will be great
because I want to start taking more
little city breaks you know the time is
now like gentlemen time is now if you
don't live for the now if we don't take
these breaks whilst we're living in
London who knows what if we move or
something go and have the opportunity so
I don't go to more kind of smaller
cities around Europe look all these
treats for Reggie's I got like a big box
of shmatte roads and dentists sticks
because I was tired of being ripped off
at the supermarket in the supermarket
like one of these like two or three
pounds but a whole pack of these is only
twelve pounds and it's just it's like
half the price so I just thought when I
was well I also got him these he's
called ham bones and I kind of like
these precooked meaty bones
so hopefully he'll like those he
typically doesn't like bones but I'm
hoping he'll go through these good I
like the idea of him munching away on
bone it cleans his teeth etc I'm gonna
go now I don't get my hair cut
I'll be looking for opportunity of my
head up for a while and now is the
perfect time
the bar is still open so yeah why don't
do it let's go
Oh before we go there let me do like a
pre haircut so here we go this is what
it looks like pre haircut yeah
now aggressive looks like often and it
stays just in the living room chilling
out I think she's still got her headache
she stays still feeling he'll follow Oh
kisses come say hello Reggie it's not
even my head that hurts now it's that
now I have the throat anyways
progressive stage 2 where I were staged
what kind of angle is that is that
giving a good quadric to kind of grab
your nose
anyway I'm editing the empties video
because I was going to put the tutorial
up first but there's some audio issues
as really frickin time I film a video
something goes wrong so hopefully I'm
awesome
Reggie what are you doing you think what
if you're not gonna pay me attention
I'll roll your videos anyway also says
that there's hope and that he can try to
help me with the audio so the audio so
when we'll come out there tonight but
I'm gonna finish editing this so I'm
gonna have to lay down like I know
laying on now but I'm focusing on this I
might need to calm down with the blanket
and then I fit my hot water bottle ready
yeah
how'd you get my hot water bottle so
doesn't seem like much is going on here
so I might take you guys along for the
barbershop right where's your egg
now hoping I get that the guy who makes
inappropriate sexist joke the whole time
and just tell work again yeah that was
last time last time we were vlog nice
mouthful for him I gotta hit my haircut
I was horrible I got I got a Hitler
haircut on Armistice Day I couldn't
leave the house we couldn't do it oh my
god remember when I was so much yeah
this side I gotta move my picture events
for this yeah like this side the guy
basically what he did he see cut it like
I don't think it grave on the side and
he went great on all way up to here but
didn't do any fading whatsoever so great
what stopped here it was like long hair
the top no no fading no grading and on
the other side a great one then faded
and looks fine but like from one side I
was hitting on from the other side okay
but it's just horrible you've ever got
it no offense yeah that's quite
something
don't worry Reggie don't worry Reggie
I'll take you for a walk after I get my
hair cut woody I'll take you for a walk
take you for a walk
look guy buddy of ours little buddy of
ours
Peter buddy of ours oh yeah oh yeah but
we don't care about the cop which is
playing Rachel oh poor Loula stage
psychotic Oh God why it's okay forget
through it I just don't want to be sick
on the plane back to Canada I'll tell
you with me
blah I really would
oh I'm getting delirious say my I'm back
guess what I found a sick se button
sleeping I stay I wasn't sleeping the
doorbell kept ringing I'm just trying to
relax we've got a big day tomorrow
yes we do guess what we're going
tomorrow I'll keep it a secret
so that exciting no don't get too
excited man meanwhile Reggie absolutely
loves the boat loves it I like it's
really getting just teasing big fan
one thing that Reggie is not a big fan
of is people coming up doing what is
eating bones and stuff as you can see we
probably take the bone and take it off
square enamel yeah don't ever try and
take breaks blowing man he's enjoying I
think that's natural
yeah I think install oh yeah no oh see
the real is a haircut after that looks
nice yeah as a lady at this time which
is very very good for you okay that
feels so good to your hair good yeah cuz
a lot fresher murder cuz you get all
this stuff out of the back you know
isn't it I think I'm gonna take shower
now after haircut then you're like
cutting hair suddenly I'm taking shower
I'm gonna plug it yep for sure obviously
continue resting well we're gonna go to
the south bank but it's pouring I'm not
going not going tonight when he's
pouring like these like it's it's not
drizzling it is pouring are you pouring
down I wonder if they're still there all
the stalls the Sun maybe but don't be
many people and engage it all in outside
if it's raining you know we're not goes
up like you know I'm gonna go to home
base that's a good idea thank you
I'll take you guys along or a big plan
no no um walking Reggie in the nighttime
here
please let such a badass the night time
is essentially the Batman of dogs he's
bad dog bat rage regimen regimen already
call him that he's bat rage when it
comes to night time he turns from normal
Reggie to bat rage everybody
pop pop pop that color pop pop it pop
that color mm-hmm batteries got that
swag yeah yeah there is a cat just there
god Reggie that taunting evil day
darling what is over all these cats all
right come on buddy get it up you have
enough cat action recently your cat it
out near estate we're gonna go ahead
over to being cue because I need to pick
up some succulents and cacti and some
pebbles and some earth as well because
we have this little phone side table
thing it's like a little telephone table
- the phone goes here there's also
drawers but in the middle right here
this is actually a little segment a
little section for for plants so you can
visit all planter so you can put plants
in there and I've been meaning to do
this for ages and ages and I just have
another time but got the time now so why
the hell not I want to get my green
fingers on you know wanna make something
wanna make some nature I want to make
something green I want to make it live
so we're gonna go to being cute and make
it happen
okay so we got the pebble
now we just need the earth aka soil aka
so huh forgive all in fact I carried
these pebbles from the bloody garden pot
all the way to the front to get him for
control now we're going all the way back
yeah he goes to the back of the store to
pick up some rocks to carry them to the
front of the store to get a cart and now
we're going back so what a man likes to
do in a man's door let him carry the
rocks baby like I'm carrying the rocks
yes they was laughing at me and now
she's gonna witness how hard this is
yeah I see
the only wheels from the bag it doesn't
make any sense doesn't make any sense
what is that
very nice nice I'm trying to find the
complex I'm trying but all I can find is
this like frickin a huge huge bag
I wish had a banana for this but I don't
yeah come on just just try and get
through this right here without screwing
it up you can't can you
it doesn't my why is that why does I
only have wheels at the back it's just
like you want to take somebody out Jesus
it's a pole always he meant to pull it
is that auger you want to put your bet
you meant the bullet that makes it there
you go
it'll pull from now on now we're pulling
it and it's it's working out we just
walked out to the smaller garden center
and there's a fox an urban Fox out here
I don't know where it went but I'm
really scared it's gonna come out and
now my throat samples I think we would
be the worst DIYs we can't find compost
to save a life so I can't get up you're
stuck ya gon try this is how I feel
every single time
Oh No what's this all day
thank you like this all day okay let her
let the pro do it you got it no oh okay
this may even do that no I think okay
kids do it I'm starting to think we
maybe should have checked to see if they
had any cacti first the cacti selection
is slim and by slim I mean they don't
have any guess who's back me ma I think
I've got my best friend here seriously
these are soft yeah there's a balsam
ones that one thing knows when you're
sick don't cheap out on the Kleenex get
the kind with the lotion in it you know
otherwise get the motion it puts the
lotion on its skin
it's Robin ad Robin it on its nose
toward issue yeah so that trip was a big
fail no succulents or cacti Danny
winters crappy winter I think that's why
they don't have them because if he
stopped any seconds or I tend the winter
that what we just died right yeah
and builders to who's buying cacti in
Stockton is when everybody else is upon
Christmas trees okay so should we do a
taste test a taste test okay here we go
hey said that this is this is exciting
stuff we're really short on material
it stays a big fan of tomato Tomatoes
okay so I bought two at the grocery
store this first one is Sainsbury's
taste the difference taste the district
or an charity event they're supposed a
lot more expensive double the price I
think you got more but I'm just full
ganic standard vo but these are
intensely sweet and I want to find out
which one is sweeter what I should do a
blind test it's the first one this is
only sexual yeah that's good that's good
huh all right
did you wanna like so swig your mouth
out get them can clean your plasma
coffee beans they doesn't know okay this
is the other one nothing mad
what is it because dude sour sour oh
yeah oh yeah okay so that's one orange
which ones which was a which is a
hardwood you got it you gotta lay down
oh god she's good she's good isn't she
I knew these really good taste the
difference Casey difference is always
amazing older ago I taste I literally
taste the difference they should be
paying over yes hi this is wintertime
yeah most especially the tomatoes in the
winter you can't ever really get a
really good tomato in the winter it's
almost impossible even though it's going
on a polytunnel in Spain it's still just
not as good as a wintertime I mean as a
sanitizer ready is a salt of the earth
being he doesn't need fancy chew toys he
doesn't need pedigree treats all he
needs
even condemned happy it's just a piece
of cardboard just doesn't eat it he just
likes to just tear it up I've redeemed
myself cleaned I've also got some
hoovering as well mm-hmm what are you
doing this thing so you want to just
gently rock back and forth
and you know yeah I know that's why you
gotta use the exercise mat she's got
this tube thing that she puts onto her
back and then you can
basically just roll these all back and
forth to try and stretch and massage
your back my form is very painful
so as the night gets on as the night
oh it's treatment sauce sorry that I
wasn't born anything actually you
weren't I was one of these technically
hey way as the night wears on we're
getting tired and I think we want to
just chill out watch a movie or just
watch some mind-blowing television well
this is really mine no way this is mine
provoking are provoking spine stretching
my sector yeah look at that we're gonna
watch mind yoga yeah open this and it's
just like oh come on it makes you feel
manly you do it good
no I can't it makes me feel money for
clothes up there down for each other I'm
off-duty at moment
hey what we're talking about right we're
watching telly and what we're gonna do
is we're gonna watch a documentary the
documentary is called blackfish it's
generally about the unethical practices
about keeping killer whales in captivity
yeah so that should be good
I wanted to see this and ever since I
saw the trailer yeah it was really good
so I know that it recently come onto
Netflix us I don't know if it's on the
UK Netflix but I sneaked here and I have
a on my Chrome browser I have an add-on
that lets me bypass it it's actually
really useful one because you can
literally choose which country you want
to say your phone that legal um I think
it's great degree it's a gray area you
know what I'm not just in case I'm not
gonna go to link I'm not going to show
it you can you can google that you know
it's there's lots of our well this
particular one is actually quite good
cause it can't be named yeah it's like
Baltimore
it's a Baltimore extension sounding
aircraft with I probably remember it
when it's gold I'm just sitting here one
day I say she picks her nails 24/7 this
is my life
I'm like do you want to do something
she's like oh yeah it's going to
this and she just sits down anyway I was
just stuck here I'm wearing the clip the
clip to clip hashtag the clip
hashtag forever plastic plastic I
thought I'd man up and just tell you
what the extension is the extension is
called holla better internet you get it
I think it you get on Chrome and Firefox
so yeah you do that we're just starting
it
see if it's good she's pretty
thought-provoking so far finish the
movie
what do you think this thing that was
pretty brutal not gonna lie
don't ever go to SeaWorld don't ever go
to any sort of killer whale performance
show killer whales you'd only be in the
wild that was a pretty definitive movie
I think I just feel so bad for those
poor whales face emotional and they're
you know and rightfully so it's very sad
movie it was a very good documentary
actually very good and I felt like it is
obviously very one-sided but they let
the they let the facts speak for
themselves most apart like you know
there one cherry-picking well they asked
see what being in it yes your dole
immensely so I think there is only one
side to it let's see what look you look
horrible I know this year was bad and I
have never been just see what specific
because of that you know it was like a
it was a nice thing for animals to
experience yeah but I didn't know is
that by the end just watch the
documentary make your own mind up how
about that yeah that's why you moved it
worry go to bed watching TV okay so it's
getting pretty late now
sorry I'm just focusing I'm like Gabriel
late I'm sorry I know such a bum note
with that documentary but it was it was
a good documentary I'm definitely
recommend you guys checking it out it's
cold black fish all right this is wrong
guys mine
