I love walking Reggie on Sunday mornings
because there is literally no one around
the entire the park is completely
deserted and empty which is actually
really nice except for all the
background noise it's almost like a
little piece of living in the country
except not really because then you hear
like planes and sirens whatever the hell
that noise in the background is Reggie
seems to like it he's already gone
number two I know you probably don't
care about Reggie's pooping patterns but
he must have really had to go on and
proud he didn't go indoors because
lately that seems to be his style anyway
I'm just gonna continue walking ha it is
quite calm it's not too cold either
which is nice and I decided to let Azal
have a little break in the morning
because he always walks Reggie in the
morning and then I walk him at night so
I thought I'd let him sleep in and when
I left he was like all under the covers
warm and I was like damn you oh wow walk
walk walk walk last night we told you
guys that we were wanting to be cleaning
and that just didn't really happen by
the time I edited yesterday's vlog and
then I cleaned the kitchen a little bit
it was like 11 o'clock and I was beat I
had to go to bed so that's quite sad
isn't it
ever since Reggie got a girlfriend he's
been walking around with a pop - kala
he's got that swagger does any rich you
got swagger just peeing wherever you
want Oh somebody lost their keys oh no
to do about that I guess I technically
am a grown-up but I never know what to
do in adult situations I always think oh
god what do I do if that happens what I
do that the first thing I think is what
I'll call my mom and ask
I don't know when does that stop 30 40
50 does it ever stop nobody knows nobody
knows I feel slightly annoyed with
myself it's about the gym it's about the
gym I think we can all relate to this
you you start doing it you love it
because in November as when I were doing
quite well with the healthy eating and
the fitness and then December rolled
around the gym didn't really happen the
healthy eating
it's about was about 50/50 and it's
disappointing honestly but sometimes
life just gets in the way doesn't that I
don't know why does that happen you just
lose all motivation I mean we're not
terrible I'm not going back to the way
like we used to eat which was like
Chinese takeaway every night still not
where we need to be so I don't know well
we're going to Canada on the 23rd and I
just think I don't want to sign back up
to the gym now then I paid for that
month but I've gone for two weeks that's
really an excuse isn't it I know it is
I'm very good at making excuses about
not going to the gym so if you guys have
any tips on staying motivated how to get
back in that gym let me know because I
do walk Reggie quite a bit but I need
that cardio I need to get back on the
yoga for the stretching for the back for
all that stuff so let me know anyway
there's lots of dog walkers in the park
now so the vlogging is becoming a little
bit awkward
Reggie's like mom um there's lots of
cuties here can you please stop
embarrassing me please put the camera
down he's investigating these dead
flower another thing about the healthy
eating and the exercising I want to
bring up when I go home
I eat a lot I eat a lot and it's
actually sick like if I witnessed myself
what I was eating I would probably I
probably not want to be myself anymore
but I get so many cravings in England
that I can't get here for instance Tim
Hortons swish la chocolate milk cheese
curds poutine so many things you don't
even know so many things so I know what
I go home going to just like be
disgustingly unhealthy so the thought of
working out for the next couple of weeks
to go home to get really unhealthy again
and to come back and start all over I'm
thinking it's a better idea to just do
what I need to do in Canada curb those
cravings and then get back home in
January and just kill it just kill it
details Bourdain what do you guys think
of that plan because it's inevitable
like it's it's not even a question it's
not like oh we'll just try to eat health
in camera it will not happen I've tried
and failed
Burger King Swiss Shelly McDonald's TCBY
the country's best yogurt you can't say
no I can't say no I don't want to say no
I thought I would open up day 15 before
I got started on cleaning Oh what's this
Satsuma body puree very nice I actually
don't like this end of this I don't like
citrus scents but if you like the smell
of oranges you will freaking love this
stuff my mom really likes this do you
like Satsuma body lotion is that why
you're over here I don't think so buddy
I just finished getting ready put my
face back on did my hair I kind of
straightened it today I don't know I
don't Lee see a difference assam says he
doesn't see a difference either he says
all I can tell is it stopped curled I
was just cleaning up by vacuums the
kitchen I have to mop the kitchen and
all other stuff but I think I am going
to film an empties video here are my
empties if you're wondering why they are
in the drying rack it's because yes I
washed them I know that that's weird but
they get like this like when you put the
money keep them the empty products in a
bag they like leak and they get sticky
and I don't want to like put that in my
you know so I watch them it's very I
hate that task washing trash yeah it's
weird isn't it that is very good yeah so
are you having bread again do you want
to talk about it yes I actually have to
go back to supermarket as I forgot to
pick up another video soon my phone
Chester didn't have these specific
ingredients yeah so go again and then
I'll pick myself up my favorite bread in
the world got a name in black right oh
yeah look at it look at how it's nobly
grigory oh my god I'm just you're so
predictable like it's so funny
Scandinavian black rock it's just so
funny
of course you'd love Scandinavian bread
obviously I'm like Swedish yeah he's
like I wanna be Swedish any of you
Swedish people
Aslan's Barry gel he's like dying to be
Swedish what are you doing
you didn't give it to you so you hold it
oh I thought you're like super you know
like boobs I was like I don't think
that's appropriate so I'm gonna make
lunch not sure what I'm gonna make and
yeah that's all I'm gonna make a grilled
cheese because I haven't had a grilled
cheese since we made that grilled cheese
video about a bleep oh God do you
remember doing that video
yeah yeah I'll link that video below if
you're interested but it's called
grilled cheese 101 that was like over a
year ago and most of it yeah that was a
very long time ago but doesn't seem like
it because I can member and I haven't
had a grilled cheese since then it was
like that like video just exhausted all
my grilled cheese energy but I'm making
a grilled cheese today with my sourdough
bread mm-hmm uh cheese place and that
was kind of even right no it's gotta be
it's gotta be sourdough also Reggie's
breath is a little stank so I think
we're gonna brush his teeth today and by
we I mean Aslan's gonna brush his teeth
and I'm gonna film it yeah I know the
discussing tasks yeah yeah but it's too
hard for me to do it I look at Reggie oh
my god is somebody gonna get his teeth
brushed mm-hmm he's like oh god no God
no roll number one of making the best
grilled cheese you can ever make
do not turn up the heat I went over this
in my last video I repeat do not turn up
the heat
that I'm gonna turn down the heat
because you want a slow simmer on this
okay you hear me and this is actually a
pretty big ass grilled cheese so maybe
we'll have to split it no just kidding
but maybe we will but I'm just kidding
I'm eating this whole thing
do you think we'll be splitting this we
both the answer first grilled cheese in
a year oh I hope it's good it's not my
usual bread but I think sourdough can
only make it better sourdough has only
brought joy to the world Aslan was just
like look at these cool crackers he's
like they're actually this size I ever
seen a crack at this big oh well I have
no I want to see it right now just so
you're aware does this mean anything to
you okay open they're open easy up
mm-hmm I'm resentful nervous and I hope
they actually are that size oh oh pretty
big that's a big cracker that's pretty
sweet actually that's really cool
are you supposed to how do you eat that
though in one go no I don't need to
break it up I got the cheese oh yeah
imagine like that's like the world's
biggest cracker and cheese
Oh put cheese on this and then you grill
it on top oh he's like I'll take some of
that I accidentally took a bite already
but it does taste pretty good and I'm
just reading the comments from
yesterday's blog so I'm just gonna enjoy
this do you want some clearly I can tell
you do I'm just starting to prep for me
there now it's not meant to be a
Christmas dinner but is Christmas time
so you know what I thought why not pick
up some chestnuts and I did so I'm
scoring them and we'll roast my thing
will be like a nice meal I get dessert
maybe like nibbles kind of thing I love
roasted chestnuts love love roast
chestnuts so Reggie man Reggie man look
at him he's so cute he's likes to sniff
the boots yes he does he likes to chew
tissues here's an article
I'm going to throw my empties
yeah we're splitting up ladies and
gentlemen okay lit up just listening
some radio I'm gonna make this now let's
do it
wish me luck guys I'm a travel baker got
it in the oven baking away lovely
step one complete nice oh look at that
Oh like oh my god I see you used my red
currants I shoulda known I've actually
never had my knees and I bought these in
the grocery store because I want to buy
one
watch out long as I'd watch out what
it's not like sweet or anything that's
not what I thought no they look so yeah
that's what's out they are they normally
sweeter
um I don't any more like a pomegranate
oh there comes to this house making some
dough now put a need that need that
stuff need that shiz I stays doing for
what ready so I think she's gonna be
hanging over the camera person gonna
swallow what's in my mouth okay buddy
boy let's go for what there has been a
cat sighting but the cat is really far
away and it's already running away so
there's no chance this cat is really
taunting Reggie it's gone behind this
little gate there's the cat
there's Reggie this could be a long long
walk he's not over for those of you said
Reggie never barks this is the only
thing that can get Reggie to bark and
look at its tail he's loving it there
was a massive cat situation a walk
Oh what happened Reggie what does he do
yeah uh we sent you're harboring a
murderer right now well no but the cat
was taunting him the whole way up the
street and then went behind this black
gate thing Reggie barked I got on film
huh finally your Zen your Maddy goddess
I'd say I'm not feeling the greatest
after that grilled cheese no I only had
half did you have the other huh are you
feeling better
you weren't feeling sick in the first
place there was a lot of butter a lot of
butter a lot of fake cheese a lot of
bread so now I'm going to go put some
clothes away because I was doing all
that laundry the other day and with
laundry comes putting it away I have
with laundry comes great responsibility
so I'm gonna go do that right now we've
only got a couple more hours till
everybody gets here couple more hours
yeah it's 2 o'clock to 5 3 on okay so 3
4 hours until we're in baby it's winter
time and you know what that means
roasting beets who doesn't love a good
old roasted beet mmm look at that I'm
just making a dressing for some carrots
and my fine proud moment this is the
harissa place from Marrakech and I
specifically got a recipe they use first
or so oh yeah look at that
mmm well it smells incredible that is
gonna be the thing that makes this
magical for sure still cooking trying to
stay strong you know now moving on to
the main stuff put some quinoa carrots
the Cape thing actually worked out quite
well all right no I put some icing sugar
I think Yola it looks so good
like it goes in the picture yeah he's
got his coat on he is ready to rumble
I'm still cooking away things are coming
together
Paulina's is all gonna just come stick a
sort of structure of some sort of only
eiffel tower everybody gets here in
about 15 minutes so a a little bit
pressed for time I'm just trying to get
everything going I mean I don't know how
anyone enjoys throwing dinner parties I
think it's the most stressful thing and
I haven't even done anything but he's
cooking away he seems to love it I wish
I had that that cooking bone in my body
that I actually loved it
instead of found it stressful that's
just the way life goes doesn't it
neither here nor there tomato tomahto
potato potato
receipt receipt o0 who says Rizzuto okay
risotto risotto took Reggie out for his
little blob he sings you know he seems
like he's gotten rid of some energy so
hopefully he'll be okay once everybody
gets here because last time we had lots
of people over he did become a little
bit nervous and then he did pee on the
couch and that was thoroughly
embarrassing for everybody involved
including you Reggie so we'll see how he
is he seems to be quite calm now so
hopefully this mood continues that it's
not too stressful for him so this is
part of the starter is a spinach anchovy
kind of little flatbread lovely and then
we've also got a beet salad
but I'll be good it's going tension
levels are high we're in the heat of the
moment here folks and it is getting
steamy it's actually quite stressful I
think isn't it but we're doing well
you're doing well
as when the chef's do the faucet is
accessible yeah
it's turning out there here are the
multicolored carrots that we bought in
the market the other day I can get
looking amazing very cool as well as
just plating this up we've got this puff
pastry and then this lentil thing and
it's looking good that can be mine that
can be my reveals so the main is served
nobody wants to be on camera those happy
faces and happy plates
that's all we need look at this sexual
presentation it's like snowing
this is gorge I'm so impressed by this I
can't wait to taste it and then this is
a little cheese board what kind of
cheese do Clare to explain an English
Cornish cheese it's kind of sweet and
nutty
this is Stilton very strong and this is
a soft French cheese again it's kind of
like a little bit stronger than brie but
know that much you heard it from the man
sweet and nutty so we got ourselves a
little Christmas spread the candles look
great today listen she's over here
candles are the funny thing I mean when
the people as well okay so post dinner
party it's over it's over can you tell
we're a little drain yeah I was very
tiring but you know it's worth it in
your fingernails it's like full of beets
yeah juice B D Big D Big D um yeah that
was a are you glad you did it yeah I
think so I got a chance to try out some
recipes and in the future it's good
because I know like how to change it a
little bit like a little thing that I
made was a little bit bland so in the
future a bit more orange driving a bit
bit more lemon some orange in there
could actually be good you don't care I
feel sick again
not gonna lie the sickness is back with
the Bendix you can see it in my eye I
think that's always the thing you get
the sickness then it goes away
and then it hits yet oh it was good and
I like the cake actually other cakes
another engagement up so all the carrots
that was like the biggest hit I think
maybe worked with that harissa sauce
thing that you made that was so good and
you weren't even going to put the paste
on it
wow this was
big fan on her sauce but I like this oh
so good those carrots were good I was
old veg so you know I think at the end
it was it was okay it was okay with a no
veg factor on a scale of one to ten ten
being best meal you've ever made
what would you rate at that this was a
six oh wow I think it's more than that
yeah six definitely I think it's a
twelve twelve anyway we're gonna be
wrapping it up now we've got it a lot of
cleanup to do yeah
gotta clean up that kitchen yo yeah um
so we're gonna cut it off now I will see
you guys tomorrow what do we know
anything interesting tomorrow about them
no uh maybe tomorrow we can go to the
south bank yeah if the weather is good
you know we'll go we'll see let's see
how we're all feeling tomorrow so we
will see you guys in tomorrow's vlog
