we're back in the park baby pretty early
just woke up I'm letting everybody know
that I have not showered you like that
you like that okay goose anything say
we're taking Reggie to the park
like because he deserves it there's a
dog playing area but we're afraid to
laugh the leash because you can see the
defense is literally maybe like a foot
higher than he is so he'll definitely be
jumping over that right but what also I
can happen he'll jump over onto the park
side he can't jump over to that side the
games too high there so you probably
won't go anyway
should we try it man maybe next time
we'll be that oh in case you're
wondering I'm feeling a lot better I
still have a little throat issue but
feeling good feeling good it was the
night with the ass man that's the
perfect get anything oh my god something
about taking a walk on a beautiful
Saturday morning in a park like you know
look at that this gorgeous stay
so-called her is her coat yeah you think
that she was going up for an expedition
out of the country but actually in the
middle of London quarters like 1012
degrees and kicks non-ablative what was
that guys I found a marshmallow tree
look at this we could be making s'mores
all day and night
what are these anyway surprisingly Aslan
doesn't even know
so look at this Reggie without a lead
we've gone crazy no it's just in the dog
park that we're talking about earlier
that we worried but we saw this other
greyhound right there called Grace and
she seemed to be doing absolutely fine
so we thought maybe Reggie would you
know get yeah guess why she and she
didn't seem to be jumping over the fence
or anything and the owner said that she
was fine so you know what we ballsed up
we said you know we'll let him off the
leash so he's off the leash but as you
can see he's not not really running on
doing much just playing with the other
dogs which it was just pretty to see it
actually so maybe we'll get some more
footage of him playing I don't know the
hopes of Leah he's just scouting out the
area he's not really run around too much
yeah grace we look really good for it oh
look at this kind of HOF truck after up
this is get this great progress got
Reggie yeah there we go
it was v it was kind of a half run
wasn't it I thought what it was the coat
restricting he'll take the coat off
no I don't think it no I don't think so
either he's just just throwing about
there so he's actually kind of been
running kind of been running he did like
a quick 5 meter jog and then now he's
just I think he wants to play with those
dogs so we're very proud very proud
ready oh there he goes there he goes
he's galloping he's galloping yeah okay
this is good
we're so proud of you buddy we're so
proud of you for running both racing
okay now oh no we'll never catch them
now we would look righteous got himself
a little girlfriend grace oh isn't that
cute
they're really running together we were
we just got out of the little dog park
section and we are so my god
that was the coolest thing I've ever
seen I was almost in tears at one point
iran iran propylene was so proud he
absolutely loved the other gray house
close race races owners are really nice
as well and there is she's also an
ex-racer
retired recently so it's perfect yeah I
think Reggie you really took a shine to
yeah now he's got a date next Saturday
morning with her yep you can see in
their eyes yeah but it was so cool to
watch the run like that I've never seen
Reggie run that fast all right
it was like it made my weekend yeah so
proud of you buddy you did good you did
good today boy he did very good nice he
was really running though he was he's
very fast oh you're so cool
now we think you're quickly going to the
farmers market because as a farmers
market an it is hard and I thought it'd
be a good idea just to see how Reggie
would react and cope with the increased
number of people around him but there's
not too many people yeah it's still
outdoors between the park and a little
place where they have the farmers market
it's just 30 seconds on the road it is a
busy road but it is only 30 seconds so I
think it's good we work I think it's
good to expose them to as many kind of
different situations as possible and in
small kind of increments so we're trying
to do that so we'll see how he first we
made it safely across the road and now
we're in the market just a tiny little
market but should be good and it's not
too enclosed so I think you'll be okay
Oh what was that purchase of the day
I've got some fresh you know eggs from a
farm family free-range that's good but I
also got leaves these are actual raw
pigs is because we get Reggie the the
dried smoked ones but this is an actual
look at he's all over that I already a
pound each so that's your pretty good
value some seasonal fruit and veg
Reggie yes Reggie so we got some
seasonal squashes here the things that's
lovely it is the right time of year I
think I'll go for these purple carrots
so maybe these multicolored carrots some
red cabbage and some beets is like a
perfect wintery veg combination I'm
gonna look what I found here Swiss chard
if you don't know Swiss chard this stuff
is really really difficult finding
actually it's not that very it's not
that popular so it's amazing to see it
and I'm never gonna get some just too
even if I don't cook it tomorrow I'll
have it sometime this week look at all
this amazing winter produce there you go
Reggie's making friends again this stuff
gets me excited their bag number two
already got some lets swiss charge
poking at the top I like that and that's
clashing and some freshman's yeah don't
eat food freshmen oh I know I stays
looking at cakes cakes cakes cakes cakes
cakes big skate skate skate got some of
this Californian sound oh just good
so got bread we've got the greens we've
got some eggs what else we need tomorrow
yeah there is a very kind lady who gave
us a little sample of sausage that that
part little too much a little too burnt
to self so it's for Reggie she gave it
to him for free
and he's loving it what does no yeah and
apparently there's no spices or anything
in it so should be fine he seems happy
going through the final little part of
the market
we've got more green veg and produce up
here really got some and I had that
classic market regret because I bought
some bread a little too early on and
there was a another bread standard or
further down after what I read that was
doing what I thought was kind of
probably better sourdough because they
just had this incredible it's honey in
ring sourdoughs like a big ring oh it
look really amazing so I don't know so
just going home now aren't we yeah I'm
tired registered every stay a lot longer
than Park that we are planning on like
what time is it almost lunch yeah but to
be honest we didn't meet the toll Thank
You Belong plus put some produce yeah so
that's good so right home now I'm gonna
shower cuz you know
mighty shouter thing Reggie needs to get
some snacks and some rest anybody just
try out the sourdough that we got today
seem just a little bit of butter that's
right I'm sorry this is a problem a
freshly baked bread and then you put it
in the freezing cold outside then you
bring it in and the cross the cross
knodel that has that fantastic crunch
live punch on the crust it tastes good
but there's no crust crunchiness to it
visit the zone which for me like like
the crust for me is probably the most
important part of the bread quite fun
maybe we should put it back in the oven
for a few minutes I mean yeah but that's
why I they fresh baked by the button
freeze and call this one it's alright
though someone does the cooked pictures
better he's just laying next to his
releasing it like oh that's it
my fun times over for Saturday's so hey
guys so I'm just going to check out my
advent calendar
have a look over here okay so you
remember yesterday with number 13
so number 14 today oh it's jump out just
up on the left hand side corner let me
just get out of here oh it's a Japanese
cherry blossom body lotion yay I can't
wait to use that in my shower routine
this morning I'm actually really looking
forward to opening this just so you know
what do you mean then you open it
regulation happy cherry blossom sake no
no he's like no that face like animals
okay so I'm gonna go take a shower now
yeah I I can't lie I already ate today's
chocolate oh and we're really going to
start over really fast so we have to
start we we we I have half a slice okay
I've got to decide one we cook tomorrow
and I've got my usual suspects into the
cookery books let's see we've got him
we've got the Nordic bakery cookbook we
got the new eat book by Nigel Slater got
this book the family meal by Ferran
adri√† he's actually the guy who runs
the El Bulli restaurant algorithm best
restaurant in the world and this book
focuses on the meals that he makes for
his staff and his family so not with
super fancy meals in the restaurant but
the kind of simpler wholesome stuff that
he eats aatul Angie's plenty this is a
good old age kind of book Gwyneth there
she is smiling that I hear she's always
so happy how cook quick it's all right
it's not the best but sometimes you get
some interesting kind of healthy your
ideas there that's Otto language
Jerusalem they Gosling the fan Mauro
East this is kind of again Mediterranean
kind of Middle Eastern influence food
perfectly toss salad I'm burning a new
dipped teakettle this is just a small
one that I have logged about this little
gift set that I bought this is the tape
or tea I guess hey I was how do you
smell a candle that's burning
it's well I was burning it last night
and it smells like chai tea pretty much
it smells like very Christmassy really
nice drinking know you like this
and yeah it's funny because when I
smelled it before it was burning I
didn't love it but then when I started
burning it I was like all that smells
amazing so okay I gotta go shower we're
doing Elysium we're just living our
lives here right now you're witnessing
it yes I believe they call it vlogging I
wouldn't know anything about it I want
to get you a t-shirt we should do that
out of maro
I'm thinking maybe doing a Coker which
is kind of a big pizza
flatbread style thing I'll make the one
with a spinach and the anchovies so that
could be like a good starter and from
gwyneth paltrow this beet salad with
scallions mint pesto so I think that
because this is very earthy and kind of
light with the mint combine that with
the scallop from this book which will be
kind of a bit doughy we got this
anchovies there I think those will those
two will make a great starter together
then the dessert I mean where else taken
from another bakery because it is
wintertime and they know how to make
good pastries cakes for the winter
Oh bake with Roger blueberries and
raspberries kind of looks like that
which is nice and the mains I'll be
taking from Autolycus plenty and
Slater's eat from Slater it's just one
little dish very simple as a little kind
of side garnish vegetables I'm gonna
make these harissa carrots because I
don't know if you guys remember what we
got some amazing harissa paste from
Marrakech so I'll be definitely using
that and then from plenty when I get the
main dishes first wing degree a kind of
lentil galette which basically lentils
on top of a pastry bed this will be kind
of nice crunchy Airy yet filling with
some avocado quinoa broad bean salad
again this will be quite fresh yet heavy
so I'll be good for the winter also some
mushroom and herb polenta so we'll have
like kind of three big dishes and
everybody can kind of mix in which will
be good I think I just got done filming
a little tutorial for this look it
wasn't really a tutorial it's more like
watch me put my makeup on but I did use
the new Urban Decay Naked 3 palette
again I'm loving that thing anyway I'm
just taking Reggie for a little walk
just a quick one because Aslan I have to
pick up a couple of things so I just
want to make sure that he is stress-free
has done his business loving my trainers
again these new balances they can do no
wrong in my life seriously we just went
to a store called folklore because we
needed to pick up some plates that we
ordered yeah a really cool store yeah I
love folklore they put a really high
emphasis on not just craftsmanship but
kind of eco-friendly Cosmin ship
everything that it's sauce there is as
eco-friendly as possible so hot gorgeous
blankets pillows amazing plates and
bowls above something like that now
we're off to John Lewis because we need
to get a tablecloth so the dinner pasta
Mars the first time I were actually
gonna be having so many people that we
need to use the extended the extending
leaves on the dinner table show we need
to get a tablecloth with large enough
gonna get high off life when he gets to
extend yeah oh yeah finally it's
happening it's happening there's also
pressure because I never cooked for so
many people normally so it's a you know
thanks oh but you probably doesn't even
want my help so we see the tablecloth
and actually ought to get this one book
that I had my own for a while
Bobby good huh Christmas hell Christmas
so here we are on the appropriate
section and as normal I'm faced with a
bamboo swing about a choice I just want
a plain white one those I think it's
this one here yes I've located it here
are some gorgeous little mugs for the
pasta lover I have to say I like these
little bit better can't really tell but
they're white with a pastel colored
handle there's a green one here's a
purple oh this lighting is lighting
those are so cute we just exited John
Lewis and look at this beautiful sight
oh my I think Oxford Street is so pretty
at Christmastime it looks like a movie
it's so pretty but then you pan down and
it's like endless crowds so much so
let's go back up here it's bliss it's
bliss
unfortunately you get all the all the
people constantly we are now headed to
water stones down the road towards
Selfridges
Chris man Jamaican Dean Chris man
so we're going to be popping in to
Thornton's because it stays mum dad
loves golden chocolate so I say thinks
she might get her all back high-heeled
shoe shaped chocolates very interesting
embed verse cute to fairy but the
high-heeled shoes come on come on down
we got some chocolate it's gonna be in
your face at all time lady deal with it
yeah mom if you're watching this which I
know you are I got you your Thornton's
yep and also cliff if you're watching
this unlikely let's face it but if you
are we got you some diabetic treat cliff
is my grandma probably my favorite thing
about Christmas is roasted chestnut and
we're never gonna get them whoo and here
it is
Sona by John Williams reason one of this
one's particular is because this is a
special water stone hardback edition and
I love love the fun love the front I'm
doing a QB speak using a QVC shot come
on Monell it nice nice
yes I'm gonna go for it this is like
probably the last book I read review I
didn't I recommend up to yes you did
goose do you have to tell everybody this
is crazy that is the large amount of
Santa Claus I've ever seen in one place
very nice for lemonade oh my god this
comes out there okay we know what we're
doing this is quite nice comparison
possibly been nice yeah funny fresh rose
mentee to go nice about my rumor
lemonade but yeah this one is on Wigmore
Street so this could be the next one
yeah
so Reggie's just having his dinner you
can probably hear him smoothing around
the bowl um we're just going to let him
finish whatever he's eating now he's
just having a couple of kibbles take him
for a little stroll is evening stroll
and then we're going to the grocery
store to pick up all the ingredients for
Aslan's um cooking thing tomorrow
hi Reggie Reggie Reggie Reggie oh don't
worry we're gonna give you just for an
hour so it's and get the food because
you need food to to buddy you need it to
not just for us for you to forget all
that stuff it's actually not as bad as
the other list but you know it's okay
it's okay it's long but I'm sure we'll
manage it within about half an hour so I
can't find his stay now where the hell
is she she was looking at the Christmas
jumpers off spesh is I found her
we're looking at looking for a new duvet
cover for Reggie's bed do you like this
one I could go with our kitchen could go
yeah cuz goodness it sounds like I don't
really think wit buddy huh yeah like for
a dog bed I'm just having a Christmas
cracker socially I guess who Rekha I
think this happened Davis all the time
we'd go to a new supermarket because we
we just browse the home section not the
food stuff but it's with cognac if they
were straight to the cognac man if I
like tomorrow might that's I would get
some of that
that's a beautiful set I say doesn't
like it when I cop that like me the cart
is slowly filling up it stays on the
phone with another but we're making our
way through I think we actually just
need just lemonade that's it oh yeah
yeah ordering the final stop in the
grocery store picking out someone's I
know nothing about wine so this is my
life yeah very hard to read it's a very
difficult choice we've got quite a few
options that's a problem what wasn't
he's going to supermarket if you like
full types
yeah cheese a little bit more expensive
a little more slender than the most yeah
yeah but I'm just going for this this is
the they're kind lot sanitary
yeah right this is a good rule is
tomorrow they want something delicate I
want to red wine right wise are they
care of it yeah no meat going on
now we've been here for going on two
hours I don't know an hour oh good an
hour and a half and in my sheer boredom
I found a couple of items I'd like to
show you some dots if it was okay some
dots oh god they could actually see that
I suppose while we're here infinity I
keep seeing the commercials for those
it's a supposed to be the best I don't
know lots of women watching this so
let's not judge let's not judge but let
me know if you've ever try ok don't I
actually don't even want to know but I
thought this little squirrel for Reggie
makes it a little bit of a weird noise
but he loved it he loves squirrels
finally the beer aisle this is actually
something that I do know a little bit
about this will be a lot easier we're
almost out of our tea pigs peppermint
and licorice tea and so many of you guys
say the
poka one is a lot better first of all
the packages without a big announcement
Rebecca movie anyway if the packaging
looks gorgeous so that's that's number
one it's already got me hope so I'll
have to look let you guys know I like
this even more if you're wondering what
I'm gonna do with these um your guess is
as good as mine I have absolutely no
idea I should probably just put these
down put put these away
no I'm kidding I still want them I don't
know why for the actual dinner I'm gonna
go for some Corona they didn't actually
throw much choice here but I think this
will be the right quite it's light and
tangy doesn't emit okay too much of a
kind of a copy-paste I noticed they
actually have Lowenbrau here which is
where the Reds find anything is it uh
yeah I like this lion it looks like you
okay so I was like a disgusting sound
well I'm actually a big fan of love our
in general so I'm just curious for
myself just a drink you know sign look
at this somebody said once before in our
blogs like they have never seen this
before this is basically something that
certain supermarkets will do you put a
pound coin in here and then it's so that
you return your cart back to where it's
supposed to be you plug it in and then
your pound coin comes back out just a
little interesting fact for you in case
you care ok are we ever even at Whaley
we're leaving
oh yeah check out that there you go you
simply pop this in and the pot the pan
falls on the floor but I never
understood that cuz I just bent over
like a night you lay out like I know
understood because of that really
deterrents like because one of those
cards shows what important about yeah
it's true if that pound is right we're
back home now
Reggie's nibbling away as he always does
creating the mess as he always does of
course speaking of mess we have a lot of
cleaning up to do you don't even want to
see the state of this kitchen and the
rest of the place mmm it's a it's quite
frightening actually I think for this
evening we are going to wrap it up we've
got some cleaning to do some putting
away to do some prep work
you prep work to do I think we're just
gonna relax maybe watch the cameras
jiggling maybe watch um some or maybe
watch another movie or something it's
already almost 9 o'clock at night it's
crazy we spent so much time in the
grocery store it's freely I mean it's uh
nothing
it's a Saturday night it was like a nine
o'clock at all times virgin how would
you imagine to be sound like this oh you
guys oh let me just lick my cell phone
okay this would be me yo guys I'm pretty
tired too and I'm gonna date next
Saturday so you know trying to rest up
and get ready for my date to the date
crazy what date no there's more tough
elective like this all could I get my
coat nice and shiny for Greece got a
kind of do you guys like to brush people
for my D right people for mom and dad
please leave me alone
I have me next weekend and I'm pretty
nervous about it I just want to lay near
please leave me alone
get that thing out of my face all right
oh this is broke this is probably very
sick leave anybody apart from us you
just gotta realize exactly what we're
doing here okay yeah okay
Oh sign but like this yep both Indiana
statement so well we'll see you tomorrow
guys boy
