he's been over stimulated this morning
we've come across a cat about four
squirrels have been jumping in front of
them and an ambulance started this it's
stupid sirens right infects him they're
walking between the two little parks
I think overstated to say the least
Reggie man Reggie man does what happened
he came and he goes for a walk many
times a day even though it's horribly
great ha ha watch out I'm a wreck
Reggie camp Reggie man he goes a Manny
walks every day even though it's
horribly gravy where she's cold
hey comes the regime and wawk wawk wawk
wawk wawk wawk wawk wawk pppp pppp pppp
bubu home home home oh no no no no no no
no no no and that was Reggie's morning
on vlogmas day number 13 my beautiful
Reggie has made himself a little nest
and he looks so comfortable he's like
please just leave me alone
Reggie's such a kind dog like he really
is Oh
stretching Oh Reggie he's relaxing hey
guys I'm feeling pretty today
jk jk home not at all JK it means just
kidding just just I'm sick I woke up I
feel like shiz I'm not gonna lie it's
kind of one of those first of all my
throat is killing me it is absolutely
killing me and it's the head cold it's
that the pressure on the head on the
nose that this this feeling here okay so
I just yeah I think this is like the
worst stage of sickness like you're not
even coughing or anything yet but it's
like that you just feel like you want to
chop your own head off that's pretty
much it so
my tea here of drinking some green tea
and peppermint tea and I'm uploading
yesterday's blog I just typed up a blog
post and I'm honestly just trying to
stay stay vertical at the moment because
I just kind of want to put a pillow over
my head so we're gonna see how far I
make it into today before I have to lay
down and I did take two paracetamol just
to use it a little bit I don't like
taking medicine but I also don't like
feeling like shiznit so I will report
back later
hopefully I start to feel better you can
kind of hear it in my throat there it's
it's a little painful I'm not gonna lie
so I'm gonna have to keep the talking to
a minimum today Reggie's just over here
building his nest this is what he does
for hours he absolutely loves this duvet
that he's got he doesn't really like any
of his other dog beds even though they
look a lot better than this but he just
loves this duvet and he loves playing
with it and he'll like make himself a
little thing and get perfectly
comfortable oh he's so cute he's so big
but he can curl up to like the size of a
regular sized dog alright let's open up
this bad boy number 13 Oh have a
cranberry Christmas I love the cranberry
scent of things and I've already used up
the gingerbread one that came the other
day mmm smells so good I've just been
doing some blogging taking some photos
but my camera died so I'm charging the
battery before I can get back into
photographing action anyway I was
looking for a specific photo for
something and I came across this one and
I just tweeted about it and I said my
hair was once so long and it it really
was I didn't even realize how long it
was but um yeah I was just thinking like
back to the good old days when I used to
have long hair but it was so damaged
like I had like bleached ends and that's
why I got it cut short in the first
place but I don't know what do you guys
think do you think shorter hair is
better I think I'm just gonna grow it a
little bit more
like down to here and then just leave it
like that and just keep getting it
trimmed every now and then because I
actually love the length the only thing
I hate about my hair is that I can't put
it into a top knot and that was like
that's my thing I love to have my hair
up like that and also my bangs are
really short I can't take it anymore
because you remember I had a full fringe
at one point and I've been trying to
grow them out but they're so short and
it drives me nuts that I can't brush my
bangs behind my ears okay now it kind of
is going but usually then they like fall
out and they're like this it's so
annoying
um but yeah and sorry about that just
clearing my throat yeah long hair I mean
it did look extremely damaged but I
still think it was kind of cool so I
wonder now that my hair is a little bit
better health-wise I wonder if it would
look good long I'm so sorry about my
froggy voice this is just it's just a
thing that's gonna be happening today
anyway yeah it's always like weird to
look back at pictures of yourself I
can't even talk with my voice like this
can you even tell how weird it is yeah
so I'm actually working on my second
blog post of the day because something
pretty cool
oops something pretty cool came in the
mail and I was like okay I need to be
blogging about this so I'm gonna put
that out probably later on today maybe
like three four o'clock so I'm just
trying to type that up right now
Reggie's going for a walk you excited
we're gonna go for a walk I don't think
I can top Aslan's song this morning but
Reggie is going for a walk red cheese
going to look walk walk walk that's
that's I'm sorry guys I'm not as
creative as him clearly so as the night
I both get a lot of mail I don't know we
just get a lot of mail and our I always
think my god our postman must hate us
and I was just walking Reggie and I saw
the postman driving and he waved he
waved at me which i think is so nice I
don't know I know that might not seem
like anything to the people who live and
grew up in a small town but in London I
just think it's really nice when that
happens all the people who deliver our
mail
are really nice I have to say it's it's
one of my main interactions throughout
the day because I'm at home a lot and
it's just nice it's just nice when
people take the time to wave even though
they're probably really busy soon just
wanted to say that still feeling like
 throat's killing me head is
pounding
so the fresh air the fresh air actually
feels incredible and it's such a nice
day it feels like a spring day outside
it's so nice so I think I'll take bread
yarn a little extra walk at the moment
because normally his lunchtime walk is
pretty short but it just feels so good
so yeah I guess I'm gonna continue
walking
oh it just gives you a taste of spring
weather though honestly winter can go do
one that's how I feel about winter
anyway I'll see you guys back at home
speaking of the postman as I was walking
Reggie he was actually driving around
the same street that I was on so we
pretty much slide doing like 15 times
during that walk and then he had to get
out to deliver something and he was like
saying oh my god is this the killer dog
because every time he comes to the door
I always like stand in the doorway and
say like to Reggie like come on like
don't run outside stuff like that and he
assumed that I have like a really small
poodle or something and he said he was
just shocked to see me walking his
massive dog but then he was like talking
about Reggie and getting to know him
when I was telling him a little bit
about greyhounds so I just thought that
was funny he's like this is the killer
dog because he thought that I had like a
really vicious dog or something and then
he also thought the dog was small but
it's actually like this huge gentle
giant so that was kind of funny um yes
I'm gonna make myself a cup of tea I
would make lunch but we have nothing to
eat and I'll try to find something we'll
see this there's always that you know
when you have no food in the house and
you somehow devise like the strangest
meal and it's not even like real food
usually so I'm gonna rummage through the
drawers see what I can come up with I'm
having an apple the world's smallest
sandwich this is my hand just for
reference it is a very very small
sandwich and some peppermint licorice
teeth if I'm still hungry after this I
have the option of care
and have we thought much past carrots so
we'll see how I feel after this I'm not
you know when you're sick you don't
really have much of an appetite but you
know I might be able to eat a little
more oculus I started to clean out my
closet before I started vlogging it
because I was like I have a lot to do
and all this but it actually took me
about 10 15 minutes to do it yeah I
guess I I don't know I I got rid of a
couple of things so things seemed to be
hanging a little bit better and yeah it
feels good to just get rid of a couple
things
I've just been cleaning out my desk and
a couple of my makeup items and I came
across this it's the new Frankie
magazine daily journal I actually bought
these journals to give away in my
Christmas gift guide but they didn't
come in time because they said that they
sent it and then I didn't arrive okay
this is a long story that you don't need
to know about but whatever they didn't
come in time so I have these two
journals and I you know I don't need two
journals and I already have one for
myself I thought I'd give them away in
this vlog I'll just show you what the
like inside I had I had last year's
journal and I love it they're so cute
and I just opened this one up so I could
show you what they're like
so it says daily journal it's so pretty
and they have like oh this is one of my
favorites this darker one it's just such
a nice daily journal now the only thing
is when I opened this up these two pages
were kind of like crinkled I don't know
if that was just like a printing error
or what so I'm really sorry to the
person who gets this but the September
page will be slightly screwed but
nevertheless I thought I would give both
of them away so if you're in need of a
new journal all you need to do is give
this video a thumbs up and of course be
subscribed to se button vlogs yeah
that's really all you need to do to
enter because yeah I wish these would
have come in time for my gift guide
because I think there's such a nice gift
but it's even good for yourself if you
want to write a few things down so
that's all I really have to say about
that I'll keep these aside and I'll
choose a winner sometime next week
and I will send them a mess
on YouTube so watch out for a message
for me it's international anyone can
enter just in the park with Reggie
what are you doing reg how you doing he
doesn't really like to come to the park
when it's dark even though he's a big
dog I feel somewhat protected but at the
same time I know he probably wouldn't
protect me against any anything oh yeah
oh it is so dark it's crazy it's only
like 4:30 and it's pitch-black outside
I'm back home now we saw two dogs that
we knew I think that's one of the best
things about having a dogs you actually
get to meet your neighbors and meet
their dogs and I think I instagrammed a
picture of this dog called Lucy oh beyal
ago she was just a little baby puppy at
the time and she's grown up quite a bit
no I'm not huge but it's just cute to
see the owner of Lucy knows Reggie and
then I met another I don't know if it
was in it I think was an Italian
Greyhound met Reggie that dog name was
Finn and it's just nice getting to know
people because you see them all the time
I mean that's that's usually what
happens when you see people all the time
you get to know them so I'm still kind
of feeling a little craptastic but uh
what can you do you know I I have to go
I'm gonna make dinner I'm gonna make
that and chicken stir-fry
kind of like the same thing I made the
other day but I'm gonna make it again
with what's left over and then I'm
probably just going to spend the evening
relaxing because I feel horrible and I
don't want to be sick for the weekend
because we've got lots of stuff to do so
Aslan should be home soon I'm not
exactly sure he said he might be going
out with some friends to Det pub God
he's such an animal when it comes to
partying I think that's called party
animal yeah so I'm not sure if he's
still going out with them or if that's
stuff happening or what regardless all I
know is I'm going to be relaxing all
night long watching TV so exciting wild
times on a Friday night you know how I
said I was gonna make a really healthy
chicken stir-fry
filled with vegetables yeah that didn't
really I am I'm slobbering just thinking
about it okay I was looking at the
vegetables I was looking at the chicken
I was picturing myself baking I was like
you know what no
this is Friday night and I want Pizza
Pizza Pizza yes so let me open this up
this is the first viewing together oh oh
yes a little bit burnt if I do say so
but you know what beggars can't be
choosers I am oh my God look at this
Franky I am dying for pizza and I'm
going to go to borrow this before kids
home no he knows I'm getting pizza he
said that he already had pizza today
seriously the healthy eating is it's
just non-existent basically I mean we've
been trying but failing trying and
failing try and feel like we need to get
back on top of this but Christmas time
is a time to not be eating healthily
I mean I'm eating healthy to an extent
but at the other side of that spectrum
I'm not so you know give and take give
and take just filling up a glass of
water here multitasking
I bought Reggie this pillow thinking he
might use it for his head but apparently
he prefers it as an ass pillow what he's
doing
Reggie you're sitting backwards
backwards Reggie he was just running
around that's why he's gonna print so
clearly Aslan is home you can see here I
have to say I have the personality to
say that I'm sick probably two three
times a day
hey yeah but today I actually do feel
really sick today i'm act i back the
sickness has come to fruition yes I'm
just feeling like I could get sick it's
a precaution yeah
so I'm just laying there on the couch
with my blanket watching QVC Reggie has
changed locations everybody if it
weren't for Reggie I genuinely don't
know what I would talk about in these
vlogs like especially on a day like this
you know because what can I say oh I'm
on the couch I'm doing this I'm doing
that but with Reggie around we're just
trying to find something on Netflix oh
it always takes like an hour to actually
choose what you want to watch isn't that
right
they haven't you found that every single
time we're like oh let's see there's
some Netflix then you sit spend like an
hour going through everything when your
boyfriend's suggest you watch the new
Ryan Gosling movie you watch it do you
watch it
Oh Ryan oh hi bet you want a piece of
this movie is about to start I I knew
what this movie was but I just didn't
know it was called that only God
forgives this is on the road
okay behind the scenes behind the scenes
we've been not fighting but we've been
having a debate about what movies to
watch I actually really wanted to watch
the Ryan Gosling one but then for some
reason it what it wouldn't stream like
it wouldn't it didn't even show up on
the Netflix on the TV but it showed up
on Aslan's computer so then we tried to
stream the Netflix from Aslan's computer
and then it didn't work so they would
take a big problem and next thing and I
was like oh well let's just watch on the
road because I love Kristen Stewart and
I want to watch this movie anyway even
though I heard it was kind of bad and
then I thought I thought we were just
watching only God forgives and then he
tells me it's on the road we just
finished watching on the road and I
gotta say there was a lot of sexual
relations in that movie that that's
awfully not one for the youngsters of
the world it was okay it was okay Alan
seem to like it more than I did but it
was also very long it was like two hours
long and when it was an hour and a half
into it I started to get kind of stir
crazy because I was like hey I've got
other things to do anyway I just
prepared my makeup for tomorrow's makeup
tutorial I washed some brushes and I
just kind of like got things together to
film tomorrow my head still really hurt
so I think I'm going to go to bed it's
kind of early still but you know that's
what you have to do when you're not
feeling well
so I'm gonna cut it off now and I will
see you guys tomorrow hopefully for a
more perk alysha's day hopefully I wake
up feeling like a million bucks and I
can be a little more you know a little
more myself okay so I will see you guys
tomorrow bye
