it is vlogmas day 12 we are halfway
there ladies and gentlemen halfway to
Christmas Eve I am having breakfast I'm
starting off with a lovely little bowl
of strawberries a big glass of water in
my favorite Tim Hortons well I can't
even say favorite because I have so many
Tim Hortons mugs that I'm obsessed with
and I just put up two videos the
drugstore - video and then yesterday's
vlog and I'm working on blog post of
some photos from our trip to Marrakesh
so I will link those photos down below
if you're interested in seeing some more
photos of our trip and regi sleeping I'm
still pretty much sleeping there's like
this leaf blower guy outside and he's
been blowing leaves around for god knows
what reason and he's been doing it for
like three hours four hours since this
morning since I woke up this morning so
yeah that's nice that's nice I don't
know why I don't I don't get it just use
a rake man and just use a rake what am I
going on about now nothing so I'm going
to just continue doing what I'm doing
and I will report back later I
completely lost track of time and I'm
already late and I can't find my keys
every single damn day I cannot find my
keys I have to go find them and then I'm
gonna get cracking because get cracking
because I'm gonna be late for my
appointment to get cracked I'm getting
my back cracked so you know no find my
keys okay anytime I put my coat on
Reggie thinks he's going for a walk and
it kills me it kills me but buddy we're
gonna go later we're gonna go in when I
get back okay oh yeah so I am going to
get my acupuncture done and she also
does she's an osteopath so she does a
little bit of cracking clicking whatever
you want to call it and some acupuncture
and I'll talk about this later I've got
to go I'm Barry Lee you guys know how
I'm always complaining about how cold is
well I called my mom yesterday and she
said that like the average temperature
is about minus 11 in Canada or it's
going to be minus 11 and she said that
night it gets down to like -20 -
seriously I know I'm Canadian but I I
think I forget I think I forget how cool
it can actually get in Canada so yeah I
mean we're gonna be there in a couple of
weeks so I better just enjoy this warm
British weather but even when it's like
minus three I'm freezing so yeah
hopefully I don't turn into an icicle or
something when we're in Canada so almost
up the tube station now I just got out
of my appointment feeling good feeling
very relaxed I've always get like that
that sex voice so I hate to call it that
but it's when you're but you know when
you're when you're very relaxed you get
that you baby voice she didn't actually
do acupuncture but she did something
called cranial now she did explain to me
what that was but I've since forgotten
but it was a lot more gentle and um yeah
feel good I feel good so hopefully my
back pain will ease up a little bit I
just have to go to like the center part
of town and pick up a couple of things
and then I'm going home so I'll probably
see when I get back at home you are
looking at the very first chai tea latte
I have ever had you guys keep telling me
to try this chai tea latte and I just
took a sip and it is again amazing I
don't know I never I don't even like
chai tea but maybe I do because I like
this I asked the guy who made this I was
like what's in this thing and he said
it's chai syrup so I don't know if it's
just like a sugary syrup I always
thought it was like the chai tea bag and
then milk but if this is just like a
sugary syrup I'm not down for that I
don't I don't like it cuz this is so
sweet but if it's not Oh
freak but if it's naturally sweet then
that's amazing but I'm gonna look at the
ingredients when I get home some kind of
a got a bit of a freak of nature like
that so yeah going home now back home
now sorry I didn't vlog when I was in
the center of town I was trying to just
dash in and out and just hit up the
couple stories I needed to do and just
get right back because it's almost time
for veggies walk when you have a dog and
he's used to specific times I mean I do
I do live my life around you buddy yes I
do I love you that's why he's always
sniffing everything anyway so yes back
home now I thought I would just open up
by
advent calendar to show you we're on
today number 12
oh we've hit the mother lode
it is the oops damn it is the almond
hand and nail cream love this stuff
actually I have something to say about
this they changed the formula of this
couple definitely like over three years
ago now and I have to say I liked the
old formula better because I found it
was a little more hydrating I still
really like this one I love their almond
scented products and they've got an
intense version of this which is really
nice too I just know a lot about the
body shop cuz I used to work there and I
worked there for a damn long time so you
wonder why I know everything about the
body shop
that's why nobody stretchy
stitch you're trying to go for a walk
aren't you wouldn't it be something if
Reggie could just like walk himself and
feed himself like imagine if you just
like rang the doorbell and was like oh
hey guys I'm back from walking myself oh
I'm just gonna make myself dinner I
think I'll have my dinner now yeah I'm
gonna just go make it why is he always
smelling you smells everything it's so
funny look it's probably does his nose
is so long anyway I do want to show you
this because I was talking about the
chai tea latte I feel so sick after
drinking that thing bloody hell I okay
I'm no stranger to you sugar
I do love some cookies I do love
chocolate stuff like that but I hate to
drink sweet drinks unless it's juice
okay if I'm gonna drink like 500
calories I would rather it be like a big
ass smoothie or something then be like a
sweet coffee tasting kid I just hate the
taste of those anyway I thought I would
try this cuz I thought it was just the
tea and the milk together but I'm not
100% sure but I think this is probably
what they put in it the try tea latte
concentrate that's what he said anyway
he said it's like a syrup if you look at
the ingredients there is cane sugar
honey natural flavors
it's not too bad calorie-wise if you get
it made this skim milk and get at all
its but I thought was 200 calories so
yeah that is freakin bad I I would just
rather have just regular tea I don't
know I'm not like counting calories or
anything like that but I just like I
said I don't like to drink like the
equivalent of a chocolate bar it's just
out my style I don't like it's too sweet
and she said to the guy at like cause
this thing is sweet but I know so many
people love Starbucks and love like the
caramel macchiatos or whatever people
get there I have no idea but for me I
would rather just have green tea regular
tea Earl Grey tea peppermint tea and
just leave it at that and then I can
like you know stuff my face later with
cookies and chocolate and cheese and
bread and all the stuff I love anyway
I'm gonna go walk red you know
I'm just gonna do some blogging just
blog it away I have to go through some
items and decide what makes the cut what
doesn't so I'm just gonna take a few
photos and yeah maybe start a I don't
know why I'm looking around there's
nothing here it's just me just me and my
camera me and my camera but seriously so
I'm just gonna blog I have lots of stuff
I want to talk about on my blog and
that's what I'm gonna do so I got my
youtube videos in the background I'm
gonna be blogging guys I think I killed
my favorite cactus shoot it used to be
green now it is Brown is there any
reviving this little thing I'm gonna try
to say though I'm doing CPR I'm gonna
water them and bring them downstairs in
the sunlight shame on me I just wrapped
a couple of Christmas gifts don't judge
my cray wrapping eye wrapping has never
been my favorite thing to do and this
especially like what even is this oh
well that's just how things go my family
knows that I don't love to rap and they
accept that I would keep rapping but I
ran out of tape so I guess the rapping
fest
is over for now just walking Reggie
again oh my god he was almost as tall as
that car it's like 5 o'clock maybe a
little bit before but it is dark outside
it's not actually as cold as it was
earlier today which is odd usually seems
to get colder at night but it's really
nice weather actually I've got a bit of
a dilemma I'm gonna share with you guys
so over two weeks ago I got sent this
really big package there was no name on
the package but there was my address so
when I opened up the box there was a
receipt with another lady's name on it
with her real address so but there was
no contact details just her address and
her name now I contacted the company
over two weeks ago and I said listen you
guys you gave this to the wrong address
for whatever reason can you come get it
now I haven't had a reply I've emailed
them twice and it's like a massive box
and I don't know what to do because I've
obviously opened it and if you're
interested it's a hand blender in a
blanket so nothing I even want to keep
and I don't know what to do can I just
get rid of it I mean is taking over my
life it's like in my whole way taking
over everything
not really I'm being a bit dramatic but
I just don't know what to do with it and
I've like emailed the company so many
times so I don't know I don't know email
them one more time I think
and after that I'm afraid it's gonna
have to be goodbye to the hand blender
and blanket every time I walk Reggie I
passed these clothing donation bins and
I always think I really need to clean up
my closet I really need to get rid of
some clothes that I never wear blah blah
blah blah
but tomorrow is the day I'm doing it
because I was like trying to hang up my
clothes today and there's like no
hangers left because it's filled with
crap I never wear so tomorrow you can't
have the exciting task of cleaning out
my closet with me there's some creepy
crows up there yeah but doesn't it feel
so good when you clean out your closet
and you've got like all this room you
feel cleansed you feel refreshed I'm
just trying to record a voiceover for
one of my beauty videos and this is my
microphone believe it or not this this
crazy thing here thank God Appling just
got home because I need him to help I
need help SOS I think I know how to turn
it on but it has been the case several
times where I've thought it was
recording and it actually wasn't so I'm
glad he's home so he can show me how to
use this thing Azlan just got home and
he's making me feel so bad because I
didn't know that he filmed the beginning
part of this vlog and then i formatted
the card this morning so I completely
deleted his footage footage that will
never be seen by the world what were you
talking about this morning the weather
sex sex love drugs
nothing wrong that was Reggie cam there
was Reggie cam this morning she goes oh
my god I feel so bad
I guess that's like a daily vloggers
nightmare deleting footage but I think
probably that happens to everybody at
least once effed up fuckin in this
morning I'm just saying that anyway I'm
really sorry I did that because you've
had to stare at my face all day today do
you want to spice up the vlog because
it's been very boring today spice it up
baby
spice it up I know the blogs do probably
seem a bit more boring but hey we have
to catch up with us stuff you know we've
been oh it's funny how being away for
two days suddenly makes it so hard makes
the rest of the week like seem so
intense so yeah like whenever you get
back from a trip no matter how long it
is it seems like everything is just
piled up that you just weren't on top of
you know but for that trip it's placed
because you just forget about it you try
to anyway I think I think about some fun
stuff on the weekends no we good today
Oh doorbell the delivery just came
through
what doesn't BM very late I guess he's
just Christmas you know yeah it's for
Phillips diamond care sonic and whatever
you want to call it brush head is first
day exciting time what's with this
focusing there we go yeah I have an
electric toothbrush that oh I wish I was
vlogging at the time because I got the
freaking deal of the century do you
remember that
that was like extreme couponer it's like
you're gonna play like that to this
toothbrush the diamond care it's like
over 100 pounds and I can't even
remember it was so long ago but I
managed to get like I honestly think I
paid 30 pounds for it yeah because there
was like there's some hot price of oh
yeah then you had like ten pound boots
or something yeah it was like something
I don't know but it worked out I didn't
really want to spend a lot of money on
an electric toothbrush because I've
never tried one before I didn't even
know if I'd like them and I was like
really against the idea and then now I'm
hooked basically is what I'm saying I'm
completely hooked and sold on electric
toothbrushes I think they're amazing
and I actually love them but I needed to
replace the brush head so I'm glad that
I got four of those I mean they do suck
you in next thing you know you're buying
more I don't you think it's more
economical to buy an electric toothbrush
then to put on keep by like cheaper ones
yeah all right the boss of mine seems to
be fine like it hasn't seemed too worn
away at all and I've been using it for
two months now yeah but you're supposed
to change them you know I think that's
just something that they say - like
maybe you spend money yeah but maybe we
like clean them properly like dip them
in like alcohol or something look at
Reggie's nose length compared to your
nose length it's hilarious Reggie's
definitely happy to be holy for me he's
actually stopped smelling bad as well
kind of dog said he's got like a real
dog smell everybody's working for them
in epoxy so I got a plan
what to cook yeah yeah yeah so I think
that is us signing off for the evening
I'm gonna go wash my face do a little
face mask and I've got from editing to
do I'm just gonna do some reading like
emails
exciting stuff very very exciting this
day is like it's one of the most
exciting days I think I've ever had in a
long time
that's real life it's real life getting
your back cracked oh I didn't even talk
about that didn't even talk about my
acupuncture thing you won't need any
lawyer I talked about it briefly but I
just wanted to say that I didn't
actually get acupuncture this time she
did like this cranial thing uh-huh it's
cold but you know what she did cracked
my neck Oh Jackie like she honestly like
it I love it I love it it feels so good
but like when you get your neck crack
it's like it's kind of scary because
you've tried to like gotta loosen up and
then next thing you know she's just like
and you're like 35 cracks in your neck
but she makes it it's really comfortable
it doesn't hurt at all or anything but
oh I feel so limber
so yeah I have nothing else to say
really about that yeah so again signing
off for real now and I will see you guys
tomorrow and I won't cut off Aslan's
morning vlog
time round right bye
