hello everybody we are on to vlogmas day
11 I can't actually believe it last
night I slept like I had never slept
before I was exhausted I can't even
explain to you I'm still really tired
it's kind of early it's about 8:30 and
what am i doing right now I'm trying to
clean up a little bit because it is a
disaster zone and you don't even want to
get me started on how much laundry I'm
doing today I've been really slacking on
the laundry front so there's there's
quite a few there's quite a few loads
along do you I'll be doing today anyway
at the moment I'm trying to tackle the
dishes and of course I'm watching Judy's
lies and I think they're like dancing
that they're doing like they're doing
dance number to raise money
it's just absolutely hilarious I
actually made ask them to watch a few
intros to their videos because I just
watch Benji dance it's hysterical anyway
so I'm gonna do the dishes now shall I
open up my advent calendar not this one
there's chocolate this one because I've
got a couple that I need to open I
already opened up number 9 we all know
what happened with that and now we're on
to number 10 number ten is Oh
might even a moisture cream vitamin E is
probably my favorite skincare range that
the body shop does I especially love
their intense moisture cream so that's
good and then number eleven if I can
find it here we go right over here
vitamin a night cream very nice I
actually might get into using these
again because I'm used to absolutely
love them and they do a nice
illuminating moisture cream as well so
sweet I can't believe I forgot to
mention this um obviously Reggie is not
here for a little Reggie we didn't pick
him up last night obviously because we
were so exhausted and they said it was
too late to pick him up anyway because
they closed at 5:00 so couldn't get him
yesterday but we're going to get him
today Aslan is just at the dentist
getting some dentistry work done so
hopefully he will be alert and ready to
go pick up Reggie so we're gonna get him
around
lunchtime today I miss him so much
little gradute the whole time I was away
I was just thinking about him I know
it's crazy it's only like what was it
two days or something but I just love
little reg and I hope he's okay yes I'm
so excited to go pick him up it really
did feel empty in here without him and I
was like going into the fridge to get
like a little piece of cheese and I'm so
used to being like no no no Reggie no
cheese but he wasn't there it was very
sad emotional time for me so anyway yeah
we're gonna go pick him up in a couple
of hours so don't worry Reggie we'll be
in this vlog while we were away our
neighbors slip this through the door
their kids made these Christmas cards oh
they are so cute and she actually wrote
on the envelope
beware of glitter when opening or
something like that so I think that's
really cute I won't put their names but
it says dear Aslan Reggie and a stay
Merry Christmas ho ho ho oh that's so
cute little girls who lived on the road
absolutely love Reggie whenever I'm
walking Reggie or as one's walking
Reggie and the girl see them they're
like hi Reggie Reggie just the way they
say is so cute and then they come up and
pet him it's just it warms my little
heart it really does oh by the way a lot
of you guys are saying like what is
wrong with you you're such a Grinch for
about having Christmas decorations I'm
just not a festive person I'm just not
into it like I know that's weird and
that's crazy like every single YouTube
beauty blogger person is just obsessed
with Christmas and decorating everything
in a Christmas theme and I think it's
gorgeous I love looking at it's a very
nice background but that's just not me I
don't know I think like if I were to go
and get some like Christmas decorations
and put them up I'd be like this is not
me this just not me so I'm just not
doing it um I mean I do like lights and
I might put some lights up or something
that's why I'm not doing it but I do
like the twink lights and stuff I like
the way that looks and I did do that
last year but that's pretty much the
extent of how things are gonna go and if
we were staying here for Christmas it
might be different I would definitely
get a tree but we're not staying here
for Christmas so um yeah that's pretty
much my explanation it's just really not
my thing so hopefully you guys can
accept me for who I am my non festive
ways
we're just here at the kennels now
picking up Reggie and it's really foggy
in London today and right by the kennels
there's this Cemetery
and it's really foggy and it looks it
looks really nice actually I think you
know and this is like this big tree it's
my fault and it's just yeah look at that
just pull these grapes disappearing into
the mist I love I think fog is like the
most beautiful thing makes everything so
like mysterious there you go so we got
our aged man he's peeing at the moment
yeah he's snuggling us weren't you buddy
what no yeah I think I think he knows
that he's going for a walk so I was
excited about yeah we're going to get
his nails trimmed job they'll trim them
here and maybe even his teeth cleaned
got his nails trimmed upon he's looking
very good all healthy and everything so
that's it's good to hear we've been
doing we've been feeding around
everything oh yeah so what's gonna be I
wish go ahead home now bring the bring
the man home get him in the warm getting
back with you reunited this toys
clearly we are back home now and little
Richie is happy happy happy to be back
and he did okay in the car as well on
the way home so that was good because
sometimes he does get a little bit
nervous when we got home I took him for
a little walk just around just a really
quick walk just to get him familiar with
the surroundings again and now he's just
chilling out on his bed all Reggie he's
such like a little cat this I'm so happy
to have him home and I'm just I just
love them I'm just glad he's back I'm
just filling out a few things that I
need to fill out and then I'm going to
go to the post office I have to send
some stuff off before it closes and it's
three o'clock now so I've only got a
couple hours before I have to go so I'm
gonna try to finish this off go to the
post office and then go to the grocery
store I think cuz our fridge is empty I
just got back from the post office in
the grocery store oh my god the line up
at the post office was insane it was
like I know it's the holidays and all
that but it was just it was crazy
because you know it's gonna be long but
then you get there and you're like oh my
god I took about 25 minutes and then I
went to grocery store and I'm trying to
keep it somewhat healthy here I guess
I'll just show you what I got these
little peppers some chicken because I
might make a little stir fry tonight
some salami cuz sometimes you know I
just want to have a sandwich here's some
bread for my future sandwich some
carrots love these lemons apples salad
spring onions strawberries milk broccoli
I thought this was kind of interesting
tender stem broccoli I don't know I've
never tried that and then this is my
stir fry for tonight look at these
bananas I mean are these not the biggest
bananas you've ever seen in your life I
don't even know what I can compare this
to here are the bananas in comparison to
my head does this mean anything to you
is this a good representation of how
large they are okay let me think of
something else here is a spoon this is
like one of my big spoons a big
tablespoon and it's long
grrrrrr than that it's crazy it's just
crazy so anyway I just fed Reggie his
dinner and he's happy now so I'm gonna
walk him soon and yeah I'm just gonna
put this away and tried to think of how
I want to have my stir-fried tonight
decisions decisions
Reggie's taking back control of the
neighborhood seems quite happy to be
outside again try to get him back on
somewhat of a routine it's really really
cold up here I don't know if you can
tell but I can see my own breath can you
see that I've always very impressed when
that happens because then I know it's
actually cold I'm not just making it up
Reggie seems to be okay we're almost
home now I just cooked my dinner
something very simple because as you all
know I suck at cooking this is just that
stir-fry thing I just got at the grocery
store I added some soy sauce and some
chili oil and then I just grilled my
chicken on my panini press and it's just
got like some paprika and some other
spices on there so I'm about to dig in
I've just been editing a video that is
going to be going up tomorrow morning
hopefully it is a drugstore - video so
in theory this should already be up by
the time this vlog is up so I will link
to this down below I know this this
camera angle isn't really selling it but
if you're interested in watching my
drugstore - video I will link it below
this is seriously too much cuteness for
me to handle just look at him he's all
cozy okay
he's been like that pretty much since we
got home I'm making myself a nice old
cup of tea because I feel like it I feel
like having a cup of tea Aslan's not
here if you're wondering he had to go
out just letting it steep letting it
steep since I just edited that video
that's all done and it's about 7:30
almost 8 o'clock and I think I'm gonna
go through I have like this massive pile
of magazines like Elle Cosmo nylon just
tons of magazines from like over a few
months so I want to go through that and
try to get some inspiration for some
blog posts
making my tea if I think of anything
else that you guys might care about I'll
let you know just let you know tomorrow
is going to be another lazy day I'm
still doing laundry and just trying to
get my life on track
oh no you ever have like days like that
where you just feel like nothing feels
right nothing's organized everything is
a bloody disaster that's pretty much how
I feel today and so yeah so today and
hopefully tomorrow I'm gonna try to get
some organizing going on up in this
heezy his house it is 9 o'clock at night
but it feels like 2 a.m.
hey this is my afternoon yeah the day is
kind of flown by I just opened up my
laptop I was like god I can't believe
it's 9 o'clock at night already it's
pretty much my bedtime I'm not gonna lie
as you can see the clip is out so when
the clip is out it means bed time is
usually within the next couple of hours
dead clip I'm just gonna carry on
editing I read through all of my
magazines they all sucked a mess with
the clip another's lots of magazines is
aimed like a woman I'm pretending to be
women's interests almost found not funny
when you go into the low stress they'll
be like women's interests you don't have
to like that I've liked Harper's Bazaar
and all that like you know yeah
well yeah it's not like it's not just
for me this is so yellow now it's
turning green can you see me now it's
turning slightly normal very weird no
women's interests yeah I mean there's
some magazines that are like more makeup
focus but to be honest like makeup Oni
and like you proper makeup reviews not
be like oh like I see I see like if you
pick up I don't know I metro and then
there's like the women's section right
you'll be like oh this is red lipstick
looks great and the comment really stays
like you know it's not really a proper
review it's like 30 words it's not maybe
if there's a magazine that went out
there to like
we review makeup in a kind of more
popular fashion that's a concept that's
a very good point
no imagine as though they'll be managing
that either makeup professionals I think
that's a little too much there's nothing
in between
that's very true yeah that's definitely
a gap in the market there but it's true
but why would I want to go by magazine
when I could read blogs for free and my
bias because I'm a blogger I think so I
think people like physical touching stop
magazines yeah I mean they have good
makeup sections but the rest of it is
like crap I don't really care about
sorry it's true make a small magazine
called penguins bat cold but call it
pavements and fast
why what's fat fat and makeup yeah what
do you mean then he's fat as a way to
keep fat like gelatin I've seen it but I
don't remember this yeah the guy who
goes around stealing human fat from
liposuction places to make this people
think was amazing so I don't know if
there's fat in makeup but what I do know
is I'm gonna cut this vlog off for the
evening because otherwise we could go in
circles talking about this is what we
normally talk about uh like I said
tomorrow is going to be another
uneventful day but hang on hopefully
there should be something interesting
coming soon
I am actually going to get my
acupuncture done tomorrow I just did
acupuncture I can act puncture done
quite frequently I was telling you
saying she should actually go and set up
the Cadillac in the corner
and take a video of the whole process
but she's like I'm gonna see my back I
just I don't think the document you're
talking about are you yeah that's fine I
don't think the doctor would appreciate
me filming her doing her acupuncture oh
really why not I don't know like is that
illegal to film a sec oh no I don't
think so as long as she's okay with it
anyway I just don't want to film that
but I'll talk more about acupuncture
tomorrow okay well I'll go your face
hope after befriending a great anyway so
she'll cut it off yeah and why do you do
the honors oh but seriously I'm ending
this now and I will see you guys
tomorrow bye
