hey guys so if you didn't watch
yesterday's vlog go watch yesterday's
vlog first because that's actually part
one of our day in Marrakesh so right now
after I'm done talking here I'm going to
show you the second part of yesterday
just because there was a lot of footage
so like I said make sure you watch
yesterday's vlog if you haven't caught
up on that otherwise none of this is
going to make sense yeah this is really
done literally cutting into the like the
halfway point of yesterday is this
making sense very complicated for me
it's a little bit late at night okay the
first part one and then which is part
two so I keep on watching to see how we
ended off our evening in Marrakech
Mountain taxi and it's actually now
heading over to the gardens on the way
yeah yeah got some water
got some olives yeah we good oh yeah
we're at the garden now just coming up
to the entrance our taxi driver was a
legend loved the taxi driver is going in
and out of traffic
nothing it was he could when he caught
himself screw back and he really is the
the man rockin Schumaker bloody hell
he was a razor-thin either side the
whole way through just oh it was
incredible um then I forgot my phone in
the car
yep and he ran out and gave it to me so
such a nice guy so yeah we made our date
to take us back which is good I think
but here we are coming up to the
entrance so we are gonna get some
tickets in the walk around each other
taxi driver said it was quite small so
we're probably gonna spend too much time
in here but we'll have a look very nice
and instantly it feels like a lot cooler
doesn't it yes sir as you can just you
know lovely so yeah is it I think this
God was built by a guy called measure L
and then why I Celtic white shining to
it and then he propagated it's gross and
now it's here for the tourists enjoy
this is the black book tallest bamboos
ever seen in my life
we go who out there it is freezing in
here yeah yeah please
very tasteful on the 1 Corinthian color
what I liked is that they've included
the place where he was born and where he
died here it starts a pedicure cactus as
it begins this is very gone yeah it's
that kind of drawing silence but it
stands at the same time impressive I
also really like these kind
oh yeah there's a nice sign I wish we
had a garden let's got you upset here
these people gum these look kind of big
that's my best friend is mere Frick
Frick yeah just senseless senseless
violence against plants oh my god these
wings to see what up yeah and on the
bamboo actually I'm a big piece of
bamboo I don't I don't get this I don't
understand why anyone would want to do
that think of how long it took this plan
when you're destroying goddamn camp our
see you I feel like I could stay in here
for hours and hours just sitting around
so yeah we're just looking into this
pond and I don't think you'll be able to
tell but there's little goldfish in
there oh yeah you can kind of see them
I'm zooming baby Oh little fishies in
there my gosh look at the Turtles oh
yeah these little cars they're swimming
too we have now reached the mother lode
look at how big these cacti I hate
saying cacti character suspect attack
times are that he's the biggest cacti
I've ever seen in my life on this
they are humongous they're actually
quite incredible like just look at the
size of that I have like a mini one of
these in a tiny tiny pot and he did get
back me yes he's a some frickin
incredible cacti look at this one so
long how does it keep its structure like
that so tall
the single-engine kernel yeah this is
the best kind of collection cacti lose
you know a life
no anything like it I mean some bees are
probably like 30 40 years old directly I
think we're pretty much done in the
garden now as I just wants to look at
this little canal and then I think we
are leaving
hopefully the taxi driver will still be
there I think he's gonna leave and come
back so hopefully he's there and then
we'll be on to our next destination
here's the little canal all the way down
it's so nice amazing garden I can see
why why I like it so much
yeah you could you spend housing here
especially if you're like doing some
sort of work or something I just have
desks and up here just like anyway yeah
there is something quite unique about
this place then the Gothic gardens we've
been tired not that I've been to lots of
gardens or anything you know well we
found snake charmers yep in the main
square we got some monkey people and
some snake charmers but the monkey so
it's actually really sad it's our
unchanged
rectification so very nice but snake
charmers over there charming way I I'm
petrified snakes well I'm looking over X
element of culture Oh God look he's
getting the other one so oh my god boos
I'm not getting close each one I'm not
getting okay
let's say smoothly out so we'll go this
way
okay worried uh you're a snake the
second one you're that cheesecake
I don't think of it - oh my god
I'm very scared of snakes okay no I'm
really scared
no I don't want to go anywhere near no
she's petrified of snakes nothing right
and then he was like coming up he's like
here here she's like a small voices I'm
like I don't hear the poison I just
don't like in general around you yeah
yeah I'm fine I'm swimming um I don't
because I want to get up onto there so
how do we get up onto there from here
that's something I don't know maybe
there's there's stairs right there this
- yeah we'll take this dead that's good
this is a hilarious side grab the hook
kappa Glacia
obligatory consumption so you have you
have to eat or drink what you got it I
suppose it makes sense I think a lot of
tourists can take pictures yeah I'm
gonna get some green mint tea or any bit
teas okay this is a tourist trap Rock
license in the tea was located so here
we are pala grande Balcombe cafe and as
you can see it's quite a crane back on
so got some mint teas and enjoying
the koutoubia we were well I thought we
could actually go inside but you can't
because it's Muslims only inside a
branding so can't go inside so we just
had a look on the outside now there but
it's already absolutely excited but is a
nice power thing we're just walking
around the markets I'm in the northern
part of the medina not doing anything in
particular just seeing what we work has
to offer us
este managed to grab us a couple of
bargain little souvenirs my mom and my
sister which is good yeah I think
they'll really like them they're like
these cool rocks that you open and it
would you probably feel they're like
crystals inside the fur doesn't come you
never yeah there's only so many bloody
trinket c-51 but speaking of trinkets
I like these baskets yeah and join that
stays where the apparition shoot because
you might as I get to the free Wi-Fi in
the cafe were so um we some lunch at
this extra nice place is called beat the
souk cafe at amazing dad
oh that's that's my color that's fine
chick suit cafe there's actually pretty
nice place it's got a chilled out lady
it's a lovely kind of like rooftop vibe
up here yeah it's very good we both got
a tagine I got chicken I got the special
America cheetah genes so foods come here
it is stay got a chick chicken tagine
looks very nice with a little bit of
lemon I got the beef tagine I wasn't an
entertainer was in one of those
traditional Marrakech jagad pots yeah
Tony Jay whatever held its course is
more of his glory some more Leviticus
and
stay always I didn't actually one of
this no it just came and I'm not
questioning it okay thank you
the reason why we're both feeling so
like out of it because this kind of hey
they just play it with carbs then they
give you tea like Louis music like
Lionel Richie like you just sit up here
like in the warm terraces there
yeah we're both like
perk up ya know there's something to see
I decided to get myself a little pair of
slippers I'm not really big on getting
like souvenirs but these are like the
guy makes them himself out of sheep's
wool nothing and waxing this should I
show them actually once I'm getting
theirs what kind of a cool shape and
they've got little polka dots on them I
don't know something to take home and
I'll actually use them
hopefully Reggie does not get ahold of
them actually lost but you'll smell the
wolves right away yeah managed to not
get murdered by this one guy who's
selling these cameras so hard yeah we
were going to find these two camels as
souvenirs that oh my god it was quite
something and so now we just managed to
buy a little bit of incense and stuff so
that was good I might get myself a hat
which I actually think looks okay yeah
you know house on that hatch its
Pinellas one we have a good I got one
too hmm
so I think we're gonna head off to the
hotel now just offload the stuff cuz I
back my skin full and then I'm gonna
head back help maybe a little bit later
so we just took a little bit of a nap in
the hotel you know just to regroup Hough
now refresh how we're not yeah
and it's about a little past six o'clock
now so we're gonna go back to the main
part and get something to eat
I'm definitely getting more orange juice
like trishul that stuff is good and
you're gonna try to find some dinner as
well yeah I think would there's lots of
like street food in that main square and
then Gemina you pronounced hmm I don't
think I'm gonna have very late night
tonight cuz our flight is leaving yeah
tomorrow
kind of early again tomorrow morning so
it was a short stay yeah
uh yeah I'm exhausted anyway cuz yeah
and it will dayson we're just watching
these people we're not exactly sure
what's going on but they have these like
fishing sticks or something like that
and they're trying to get it around the
bottle now I'm not exactly sure what
they're trying to win
but it's oddly entertaining to watch
I mean I feel really hard nobody getting
yeah nobody's getting it so I just
wonder what they're trying to win are
they trying to win the bottle of pop or
something else so there you go you only
get harassed about 20 million times as
you walk through the square for the same
stuff over over again
here we go same guy so we decided to get
some food
stole number 81 the best store Bernie
Bernie guards the guy does an excellent
job a lot of accent so video does a very
good job out of accent so a picture oh
yeah so how we chose our restaurant can
the winner to achieve you'll impress a
lot of them cat boy I always felt like
it was really good
wait Laura chicken and stuff test a is
getting her bitman C of the day again
this is actually lemon thyme juice yeah
which is a lot sweeter isn't it oh come
on cor castmates yeah we had dinner at
that place it was just like it was okay
wasn't that great oh my gosh we got
fooled by the Jamie Oliver accent letter
cockney accent so we are back in the
hotel now clearly I'm in relaxation mode
yeah we spent a bit of time at the main
square there and yeah we're beat now
we're back in the hotel just exhausted
this day's been really long but it's
been really fun as well I'm really glad
that we came yeah it was an amazing
experience and just to be able to get
that like super short break from from
London monotony is really good it's just
really good day it was really fun just
fun day well first we've got to just
pack up a couple of things we're gonna
get to bed and then got our flight early
tomorrow so I just want to say thank you
to everybody who's wish me happy
birthday in the comments and on my
Instagram and on Twitter
that's very nice of you guys I don't
think I've ever had any people say
happiness me so that's cool thanks very
very good birthday I think one will
remember for a long time yeah so we're
hitting the hay down yeah we're gonna
pack and then get up early tomorrow for
the plane ride home so we will see you
guys tomorrow no life good morning
it's about eight o'clock in the morning
and we've got up a while ago I slanting
shadow state has she's telling me not to
pan over to her cause she's naked so I
won't be doing that in a naked fashion
so yeah grab shout out we're gonna grab
some quick breakfast
could it be on our way nothing else to
report hello so we are just getting
ready to go have breakfast but I just
wanted to say I saw someone in
yesterday's comments asking if I could
do what's in my travel makeup bag
because I did that the last trip that
we've logged anyway I'm not gonna
actually do that in this video because
it'll be too long but I'm gonna do a
blog post this is where I've been doing
all of my makeup just by this pretty
little window so I did take some photos
and I'm going to do a quick blog post
about that I will link that below once
it goes up it should be up in a couple
of days so I hope that's good enough I
keep it very simple as you can see I
don't know I just can't be bothered if
I'm like in a hotel to be like doing my
winged liner so I didn't even do that in
my own place but you know what I mean
just I like to keep it very simple so
these are just like how many products
two four six eight ten eleven products
seems like a lot in that but really this
is like my minimal routine
one more final view from the rooftop
doesn't mind you a little bit of Aladdin
as I stay said doesn't it yeah I'm being
bloody Vegas yeah I mean if you have a
look over here there's something else is
riad just a good another courtyard on
the way to taxi now checked out
successfully you don't think we've
forgotten anything so just one more run
through the tiny anyways whatnot so best
enjoy just trying to get through the
narrow streets possible in a college
what the streets are deathly not made
for a car so gonna face good president
to think on rockin drivers are just
innately better than English driver's
ability I think through the experience
is it really Sara small - oh but through
that experience you think we're all
commended yeah it's very impressive here
we are the airport now gonna try and
make our way check-in it is quite cool
Airport oh I have to say like they made
a nice effort with the with the front
part it looks very cool don't look very
Moroccan yeah there's actually a photo
shoot going on okay oh yeah it was very
funny those like this sir this white
fashion model and they're taking photos
like this clothes are very kind of like
washing clothes and I was just thinking
if you come all the way to Morocco to do
a photo shoot machine you make more of
an effort let's do it in the hotel car
park I mean in the airport car park like
that's just lazy
please try and get if you get a taxi to
the main square something oh wait wait
I'm gonna try and chicken now see that
guess what guys it's another este toilet
break moment I just change the money and
I think we don't actually need to check
in because we literally online check-in
so I think we just need to go straight
to the partners
so we're going to do that no much else
to report though they do have this kind
of cool sukh area they set up in the
airport which is nice because the rest
of the airport just like any other
airport right all apples are the same
with this this is pretty cool
I got like an orange juice stand
I feel like feel like I'm always back in
the old medina but I step out and I'm
transformed it's normal that one magic
so it turns out we actually do have to
check in even though we already checked
it online to get from Sam checking
online but you're lucky that doesn't
actually count so you still have to look
you up and just check it online I'm not
doing that I just left the bone what I
like so now we'll go to the check-in
desk to check in even I've already
checked it I'm gonna greeted with a
classic British long Hugh well prepared
if you're home so hop now later we got
the stamp so now I'm gonna go through
the departures and security
that's just me baby
so I just went through security and
possible control and that was quite the
experience something else
excuse to relax circle eyes relax it was
like three 911 like I remember kazakh
started three 911 being that lasted
security ah you don't have to take out
your liquid absolutely love so take off
your shoes nothing he set off the alarm
no problem that wasn't about it you set
up there they did feel you out but like
you know but it was it was pretty lags
and then through the passport control
there's about four people in a booth -
three of them not working just chanting
one of them smoking his cigarette in the
corner and the guy sleeping and the
other guys sleeping the guy was taking
my passport was just talking to the
other guys for about ten minutes I'm
just waiting obviously not nothing to do
the pastor just standing sit so story oh
well anyway that was fun
s10 I just find yourself a favorite
flavor of Christmas paprika mm-hmm what
do they remind you of in Canada it's
like a mix between all dressed and
barbecue okay there's something so that
good this is good fun I love them
yeah you can find paprika pretty much
any way like apart from England like in
France you can find in Germany but no in
England somebody well you find it in the
world the food section Oh like yeah yeah
well it's only because sunny because
it's like a Polish did like a Polish
Chris so you can find what my love look
remove I don't actually like the friends
really except these and ketchup ones and
older and oh yeah so very much a whole
Kristen about
just waiting for the plane now we get to
be announced fill in that time killing
softly start the airplane now I love
that I love that you can just come out
and be amongst the planes that's pretty
cool I like that so just on the plane
now but I'll give me the hope again ride
the bus my opposite the toilet so no
that's that's always good
toilet is listening right there smells
great it smells great and I think the
legroom here is actually also worse
because my legs on Pacheco was here
we'll make it
Seoul and it is all good I stay was let
into the country barely there's a little
bit of heck up with a machine not
working they like check my finger
but anyway it's all good now we're gonna
get on the GATT was expressed in ahead
of home because I forgot didn't book a
taxi got with Express it is I'm dreading
the walk home from the tube station
because I didn't bring any warm coats
and was so-called screw my luggage for
coats yeah love coming back to carnage
loves coming back to London rush hour on
the shoe people everywhere
it almost just spider Marrakech but in a
different way we just made it all the
way home wasn't too bad actually got
made some pretty good time on that train
yep and yeah I'm pretty exhausted gotta
say pretty tired pretty tired I'm gonna
shower yeah I just want to shower relax
a little bit maybe got a little bite to
eat and have some tea
oh yeah oh yeah mm the Christine mmm
minty is good but I still pregnant
licorice I just made a really weird
noise there anyway uh yeah so we're
gonna end the vlog here I'm going to
edit the others vlog put it up let's do
this vlogmas thing exactly but it's okay
we're not saying wife alone yes yes
tomorrow nice mister cheese okay see you
guys tomorrow
what
