morning guys we're saying morning to you
from Toronto because we now have moved
from Waterloo to Toronto because Estee
has quite a few book things and also a
buffer festival going on in Toronto and
it is a very busy morning this morning
isn't it it's a very busy morning yeah
it's a full-on day so you guys are gonna
see this little miss over here in action
mode today taken up its
Este versus the world today today yes
they'll be watching me watching her
these big hotel hallways always freak me
out a little bit there's like endless
doors and then you turn around the
corner and it's the same thing again
right hey and we'll be signing out our
umbrella the bell desk
this hotel is old school and fencing
who's that on TV are you ready no so
I stay stay in the green room and it's a
and she's gonna be on TV okay good luck
crazy today getting ready now I think
what kind of people business our next
guest managed to do just that after
following her heart from Waterloo
Ontario to London England and arming up
her very own spot in the budget in 2015
Ilan's vlogging one hurt in style UK's
best beauty reviewer award it has grown
our global audience into the millions
and now she is expanded into the book or
on with new human si Milan is joining us
Institute well thank you for having me
we were joking around that you need to
look at me and not straight at the can't
ask what you would do and well I know I
was like doing the mic check I'm like
you know it's my world too well
congratulations on all your success they
started with a move from Waterloo
Ontario to London England who or what
led you there well I fell in love you
know that's how it got out start I know
I was just 19 years old and I told my
mom I'm gonna sing live and she was like
okay and that one's gentes yeah alright
but it's still in love still alone all
right all right I mean there is
sometimes a lot of pressure I can see
how people can get really clouded by no
sight
something doesn't feel right here I
think oh that's not really the best
thing from here my viewers are gonna
like this
I don't do it yeah it was amazing but
you felt that you like you didn't do it
so well you can't what where you'd
actually perfect so now we are going to
penguin offices I think but it is
raining so we're in free camp here we
are back at the old penguin Canada
offices we're here last year I think
we're going into the stage but some book
signing stuff a little bit today
right there like the scissors right next
to Wayne Gretzky a girl needs T to relax
yes it is true in this day behind a
beautiful wall of books and here's
another pile of beautiful books that
stay will be signing what is it
something like flume Croom bloom tell me
more about it I haven't heard anything
about this book it's not like you've
been going off about this book for last
like month you know in case you're
wondering I'm doing I'm just massaging I
stays hand because she's just signed a
lot of books what are you actually doing
touching my hand in a very straight yeah
we get like carpal tunnel now that
you're a big book signing celebrity it's
no okay some of the few minutes to kill
and when you have a few minutes to kill
in a publishers office what you do but
look at books right
so we'll see if this strengths are fancy
so there is a kind of pop up shop here
and they've got everything set up I
think it stays doing sort of TV
interview something okay yes of course
darling
okay there's a mic though
that's so this is a favorite but
so I stays doing some sort of interview
thing over there
we take you guys over here there because
we are in Toronto but feels like one day
because it's raining and really great
that's gay I think we're indoors all day
but I really like the way to hunter has
so many tall buildings tea here in the
wild I stayed alone in her element
getting snapped and get unpacked
left right center everything about it
just it has to go through a huge team
people I'm you know I'm used to just
working me myself tonight like every
decision is my decision
yeah so I mean it's working with a big
team of people I've never worked with no
there's a lot of chaos going in styling
the Shelf right here shell Facebook
event at the Facebook oh yeah I think a
lot of people are surprised when they
feel it they like anyway okay pups we're
off again back to the hotel now let you
take this we're getting cool clear they
gave it to us the clear penguin umbrella
cool number two for today my late day
had an outfit whoa what are you doing
okay so hey guys check out the outfit at
the bottom we've got boots like alright
then we've got the the jeans what are
the genes of by out the human genes we
were on to the top and a cool green coat
again I wanted to think casual but cool
mmm-hmm and you know jeans are just my
thing yes and we're we doing first we
are going to a cocktail reception
hmm which is something that the
publisher arranged it's like an indigo
party hmm which is gonna be quite cool
and then after that we're on to the L
party which is ringing it's meet loads
of you guys 250 people who bought
tickets to see
de-seed the book and to meet me and hang
out and it's just like insane that that
happened so I'm excited about that at
the Royal Conservatory they think I
think is this the Royal Conservatory or
the Royal Observatory don't know it's
next door to the ROM and I stays here to
do some more meet-and-greet stuff
without me and great but more like
signing things a lot of books there she
is
and a beautiful backdrop - anything else
to add no not really just gonna talk to
people that blue and yeah my mom is
somewhere I'm running around Toronto she
uses to come here not sure why but she's
gonna spend the next two hours alone in
Toronto but we'll see her later
though you'll see her later I don't what
we're not just about in his garden
suddenly very very very busy
still signed away
and now arrive at the L event as you can
see it's all set up crazy it is like so
many seats this thing so many seats they
got a bar through here so thinking of a
game with wild yeah it's not cool it's
rest days gonna be stuffy literally BTS
coz the scene is over there who's behind
it it's like expectations no it's
amazing
we're backstage right now
yeah so what I'm going to do we are
about to go out but to go out into the
fray as they say
quite a few people
and without further ado I'd like to
bring back so this is crazy
oh bugger it's like who else is gonna be
at this event like I decide which sign
is my best side crystal thank you to
everyone for coming this is honestly
insane to me
you guys know that Canada is rayon blend
so I know I love being back home in
Canada it's always such an amazing warm
welcome and thank you to L for this
insane event when I got nerves like oh
my god they really pulled out all the
stops it's such a cool venue and big
thanks to Sir L boots for making it
happen I've got a pair of cool boots in
the back which are we putting on later
to walk ready
so they basically said I have 50 or 20
minutes to talk so I didn't prepare
anything but I'm just gonna wing it you
guys know it but no problem doing that
no but we're gonna just talk I feel like
I would ever belong there I felt so
uncool and I remember walking down the
street and just thinking I cut all these
girls are so cool I'm never gonna be
like that and to not be like doing an
event with L camera which is just such a
cool magazine it's just crazy to me so I
talk a lot about my style evolution as
well in the book and what style means to
me this is not just about like
cool pair of jeans it's really about
like their mindset and it's not just
like the material thing and that's what
I always say about fashion and beauty is
like it's not just the outer appearance
and you guys can see me with no makeup
days you know what goes on underneath
all of it so I think it's really about
you know feeling good in your own skin
and then using a few things just to get
that extra confidence but I put this
pink lipstick on today well actually the
Lenco makeup artist and I'm like feeling
myself right now I'm gonna be actually
moving to London in two weeks yeah I
just wanted to know if you have any
advice or tips like I've never you've
been there
okay whoa that was a long sighting
situation yes today can crab I'm doing
more weird hand stuff here honestly was
such an amazing event it was like
beyond
shocked likes genuinely when we walked
out and people were cheering
places for me and everybody was so nice
and so just
thank you for coming and yet we're
closing down we're closing it down
people all sorts of orange green yellow
beautiful absolutely beautiful are deep
in the forest
imagine if zombies started coming out of
these woods what would you do
