it's about 9 o'clock on as Long's
birthday happy birthday
how old are you old man
big to 420 for a big t4 mm-hmm how does
it feel feels fresh nice way to
celebrate birthday I think waking up in
different country
anyway we are a little bit late today
not really it's 9 o'clock but we were
aiming to get up at 7 and leave by 8 but
we gotta pay and we leave them by 9 so I
guess we're gonna go outside but just
look at this this view does it give you
right outside of our bar these are the
orange trees this is like the little I
think these are all other rooms
yeah I think my upside actually below
because I think it's a nice day we are
allowed to have the breakfast on the
rooftop this day one thing you notice is
that how many satellites are on I guess
everybody has their own like satellite
TV dish well so for the internet or
something it's quite a few might be a
little bit ago actually we were just
brought this delicious-looking bowl of
fruit oh my that looks so good and then
of course some freshly squeezed orange
juice and this is like some sort of
sweet bread do I go mmm
and good look Yoga head might be really
good so I'm surprised what what turn on
turn on yoga egg them Marrakech is gonna
taste like oh but he's actually done on
brand yeah instead oh man okay try it
it's French you know yeah
is it better Jason :
kiss the safe what a different Oh read
again wasp how I hate you so every
summer your own things mean every summer
Aslan is properly petrified of bees and
wasps yeah the fact that this watch was
head is making everything easy didn't
Amy know like he's the type of person to
run around screaming always feel like
whatever I do kids get up I was to such
an extent where I run around in flat my
arms I feel like cap come on family just
okay I was so funny whenever he look if
you don't watch modern family won't know
but like whenever he loses lily and you
sheds really and then you like this is
like so funny the trick to being not
stuff is to not run away stay still stay
home Oh run away so fast they can't cook
ketchup that's not true that's just
crazy for a very logical person you're
being crazy anyway that's the case off
out of the day so I'm just obsessing
over how amazing this orange juices and
just be prepared because for the rest of
the day probably every time you see me
in this video I'm gonna be having a
glass of orange juice because oh my god
is so good but food orgasm with some
sort yeah some sort of foodgasm and
we're having another foodgasm with this
pomegranate because we just decided to
go for it oh you can't wait to tell it
cuz it's so bright but it is a
pomegranate they're so sweet and juicy
and well I always thought I always
thought that pomegranates were sour I
thought that that was their tummies yeah
sweet and sour like that will be but
these just taste like almost like pure
sugar Holy Mother
hey-ya very different I'm am amazed I
was just saying that God do you think we
could smuggle a few pomegranates long
yeah I don't think that's gonna fly next
thing we will be on border control but
the moment trials is never suspect I'm
so hot look at this boss it just taking
the piss oh my bloody plate
poking away with his stupid tongue of
the jam he really is doing what he wants
yeah he's probably screwed me over I'm
pumping out right here I'm just letting
him do what everyone's yeah is that
yeah pretty much boom finish breakfast
delicious gonna pop back into the room
quickly I'm gonna grab those okay I'm
gonna grab my backpack and get my phone
Oh Bo this is our hotel door and we're
going to take you through the tunnels of
how we got here if we can find it
okay this is the main street now got
people selling things I think that sign
is a stool fish that's a fish so the
first place we're going to is the Museum
of Marrakesh exact thought we'd get the
cultural stuff done and dusted out in
the morning which is you know I think
it's a good idea what's going to get the
culture in and then later on I look let
alone do the yeah what it essentially
that's a you'll go to the museum I don't
know some Marrakesh or Morocco I think
is just America looks like we made it
music to Marrakech
I think we're just gonna go in there
yeah we'll go in now and this I think
this museum is meant to be more a lot a
lot about crime erotic art and design an
architecture selfie yeah
and I think Tony speaker will not not
take any videos inside the photos okay
we're gonna try and sneak in a couple
shots oh my god
this whole building is actually
originally built for some fancy
government minister but they took it
back I think that metal was that would
be smurfy pretty cool he's like holy
hands and get these in India everywhere
long so would you just hang that in your
house or something yeah I think so
keep away the bad spirits excite this
one mm with a pointy nail yeah because I
remind young vampires I think this is a
rude show-off the ceramics of Morocco
I'm most interested as to why particular
cultures and times brought around
specific designs like you know what
because like India they had ceramics and
they painted them and in China that is
evolved with a degree different design
and what is it that brought out like
that specific feeling or look like in
that country in our country those big
questions I posed on there
you want that CD we could all Moroccan
party times look at these huge samovars
that is pretty big
some of us are tea brewing things so you
might have eaten what was your holder
over there you brew tea in here and
they'd keep their team on fire for a
long time - you could dispense so this
would be T for like a 50 60 70 people
yes 50 60 70 80 90 hundred because I
can't really have an educated guess
I'm guessing this is like the
contemporary yeah yummy please give away
is this clown statue I don't think they
had clowns back in the day okay done the
museum yeah now we're just basking in
the Sun
yep enjoying it cuz they ain't gonna get
this London that's for sure we're now
we're gonna move on to the ben youssef
madrasa it's like a chronic school but
it also got lots of lovely cedar wood
carving which I like to see so the sign
says it's this way so let's go we are in
the madrasa now very kind of fancy
hallway as you can see the cedar wood
carvings already started up here so yeah
up at the top is just lots of like cedar
wood carvings and down here there's
lovely tile that's pretty this can kind
of see the light in the dust the best
so the reason why I think this is so
special is because the stuff up at the
top as you can see the darker brown
stuff this is all actually wood carving
and I think that's quite rare because
normally that I'll be done in stone you
know but some reason here decided to do
it in wood I'm surprised it hasn't
rotted yeah a lot of us I wrote it away
you can seize weathered a lot but it's
still in here I'm not sure exactly how
old it is it's like a couple oh yeah
keep it safe
Alan and I have decided to do something
very lame and take photos of each other
from opposing windows Aslan is going on
a photo spree so once I get home I'm
going to edit some of these and put some
on my blog so once the photos are up I
will link to that blu-ray nice little
pool in the middle hence it's also
making a pretty nice sound
now we are in need of a taxi because we
need to go to the famous magic gardens
the ones that will kind of I think
curators for a wildlife keep summer odd
but it's quite far our town what's a lap
bar but I recommend you get a taxi there
we have to try and find our way back to
the main square and get it a good way I
mean we probably could walk but number
one will probably get lost over yeah we
don't have that much time exactly we're
gonna pack it all in got little
selection of cameras but more
importantly a selection of dentures if
you're interested I have the personality
to go a little bit crazy in places like
this like when we went to India I think
I've bought one of everything look I
don't keep I usually buy one of
everything like pillows blankets little
trinkets magnets glasses pulls I'm
trying to just not do that but there are
a couple things that got my eye on
number one I want to get a couple of
bowls number two okay I better just stop
because I'm just gonna try to just once
again calm and down something has caught
my eye look at these blue box this and
then look at these shiny ones in this
big crystal thing here and this stuff we
found out is actually soap so you wash
your hands with atoms
not Sony here we have some live snails
oh my
so here's the little Street later on
last night and it definitely does look a
lot busier a lot more bustling and all
the stores are open again here we have a
massive amount of sweet look at these
they're like little Peas but I'm sure
they don't taste like peas in the mill
strawberries I want to find the other
market because a knowledge they saw
amazing allas there but be they is the
only place where they self harissa paste
they sell the harissa powder all over
the place but the pace specifically
which I prefer is only parity at the
olive market so I'm gonna try and find
that there's always you Center let's go
against them there you go so here we are
the orange stand - a is a drinking or
how is it oh it's the best
yeah Wow
so sugary funny but funny huh and it's
only for dare hourglass it's like 40 B
and then they give you a glass and then
you just stand outside the stall and
drink it and as the excellent proprietor
of this orange juice stand told us
number 19
as you can see 19 is the best 19 is the
best there you go perfect so if you ever
come to Marrakech go to the main square
and go to the true store number 19 they
do pretty good marriages only so the
classic thing happened whenever we go
traveling kind of outside of Europe the
conversation always comes up and it
always starts by someone looking at them
and saying Jackie Chan Jackie Chan
oversleep and then like a 10-minute
conversation about karate inside kuden
yeah Christine I like to tell I'll just
pretend I know what the hell I'm talking
about
so and to be honest it's happened so
many times I've Madison managed to pick
up information from people no certain
extent where I actually kind of do know
what I'm talking about all about Jackie
Chan Bruce Lee's gonna gently and which
specific martial arts they specialize in
yeah you know so yeah that's good yeah
that was funny Jackie Chan loved it
after some searching and some circling
around for a few minutes it wasn't too
bad yeah we found the olive market as
you can see there's olives all around
yeah and it smells really good like it
smells just like all of them so glad
I've come around to the taste of olives
I used to hate them now I love them so
oh and here we have the Moroccan
speciality it's a Tunisia so our America
the maracas famous for tagine right but
Marrakech has its own little thing is
called a Tunisia Tangier come on back
yeah so you've got it
it's actually like a pot and they put it
in a pot and they're cooking in there
and that's a lamb's head does an outside
selfie that's good
as one bought his harissa paste and we
also got this little bag of olives which
cost 20 pence yeah so I mean you really
can't beat that and I love olives and I
tried them and you said I could try them
before I bought them they're amazing
they're pretty good nice so good so this
is like an olive lover's dream right
here and I'm now in all of lover so I'm
liking it and I'm wondering well what
other stuff should I buy a pot from the
harissa paste finish it that had a
really nice-looking jar of pickled
garlic that's really freaking good so
maybe maybe on the way back something
tonight ago opening the bag up the first
time but one bad thing is that I have
this handy little plastic box yeah it
actually is kind of tricky I'm not gonna
lie it's like giving birth what to an
olive that's back okay so probably your
mouth no all right
huh as you guys can tell from the clip
it's a lot later in the evening surprise
I know this is like really weird cuz it
cut from the day to the night but I just
started editing this vlog and it is so
long like we got so much footage yeah
but I think it'll be worth it for me to
just cut it here and then put the rest
of the footage tomorrow and you know cuz
not much is going to be going on
tomorrow we're just flying home I would
rather just show more footage tomorrow
if you care then just like cut a lot of
it now and plus boys will be like today
is really exciting and then tomorrow is
just us on a plane and just go there's
gonna be nothing to talk about tomorrow
so we're gonna end this vlog here but
stay tuned for tomorrow so you can watch
the rest of our day from today noticing
how that makes sense and there was
there's some wild times to come so make
sure you do stay tuned for tomorrow is
that convincing enough I think so yeah
to be continued yeah doo doo doo so we
will we're going to bed now but we will
see you tomorrow bye
