good morning and welcome to day number
seven of vlogmas bit hectic this morning
because today's travel day so we're
trying to do if they already walk righty
sorry I didn't I forgot the camera so
didn't vlog at that
here he is little man talk it out again
but guess when you're going Reggie
you're going back to to the kennels you
like that idea he was like no no he
doesn't he can kind of sense it may be
no usually got anyway so yeah we're
gonna get with kennels I still quite out
in the morning on a Sunday so I think
I'm trying to avoid the traffic so I
think we need to leave pretty much now
he was so good in the car on the way
here oh he's peeing can we get that on
film that's fine so I guess we're just
gonna drop him off now here's Reggie
this is actually where we picked him up
this very little room yeah it's where we
first saw you nice festive Christmas
tree just got home it is 10:30 yeah so
we're leaving to go to the airport at
12:00 12:15 so we've got a bit of time
which is good ain't a shower obviously
like the inside of a pumpkin I'm very
good at pinpointing scent like when I
smell something I'm like that smells
exactly like anyway we dropped Reggie
off I am a very emotional person and I
was on the brink of tears that one way
but we just put him behind this little
gate part he was just staring at us and
I was like yeah so sad but he seemed
okay I mean he's been there before so I
already give a couple days yes no baby
no go anyway no time to chat got a shout
out opening up day 8 of Mayan calendar
which is right here is this Oh
coconut shower cream that's nice I might
actually open up day 9 and 10 is that
allowed because I won't be here hasn't
shown enough oh please
it's gonna open up day 9 and 10 of a
calendar and Alan's upstairs showering
apparently and he sucks free to me no no
no open when you come back so guess I'm
gonna open them when I come back
actually I might just open up number 9
okay I might just open overnight listen
I'm a rebel oh it's a good one it's one
of these masks vitamin e sync and
moisture mask so don't tell outside but
I'm just gonna put that back and act
like nothing ever happened
so as you guys know Aslan's birthday is
on Monday and I did manage to think of a
gift for him but it's kind of gonna take
a while like it's something that's got
to be made so I just wanted him to have
a little something to open and I didn't
have any other wrapping paper except
this Christmas stuff
so I just got him a little something to
open up on the day because I think it's
always nice to open just a little
something hopefully he won't mind the
Christmas wrapping paper once again I am
NOT on the ball when it comes to giving
gifts we're just about to leave now and
I'm wearing my favorite New Balances
with my insoles seriously 23 going on 90
but I have to wear insoles this is not a
fashion statement this is a health
what's the word necessity so I guess
we'll see you at the airport as one's
ready to go oh yeah yeah this is okay
there's usually measurements yeah so
there's no check yeah double-check
the reason why she's making that face is
because I forgot the camera in the taxi
otherwise there'd be no vlogs yeah so
that's actually a really long time well
really I was like oh should we take the
gap Express oh shoot should we take a
taxi and I was like oh it's Sunday it's
fine and because of where we live and
the expensive Gatwick Express I really
need to cost us three or four pounds
more to get a taxi so I start all it's
gonna taxi but it took us - okay yeah
well we should start yeah it took us out
50 minutes to get the couch so I'd say
about like four or five years ago I used
to really hate galley but now it's okay
it's uh I think I prefer Gatwick - er
like terminal to eat or something
so televised my favorite gamut up there
so through the stressful security was
felt up I say was jealous yeah
so I need to get myself a toothbrush and
that's it really yeah and then always
gonna walk around
yeah about 50 minutes I'm not really
looking for anything in them take you
three area no no I just like the walk
around Oh which toothbrush so much
choice in this capitalist society so
there I was gonna go for the classic
oral-b no I didn't die so I just thought
this mini I don't think somebody's I
will take many mysteries okay yeah yeah
that should be enough yeah and then I'm
gonna go for the oral-b that have any
fun with I like the phone with only
medium fine I'll take it
we're just thinking should we eat should
we don't yeah I mean it doesn't give you
free food so do I pay over price yes
that way Georgie you just don't want a
moody Fe button yeah I know like do you
get a horrible sandwiches of Christ on
the plane or Jam get just a decent meal
at sacrifices decent meal come to our
Lebanese up there yeah I know that day
was good yeah me the time I'm gonna be a
while stays gone to the toilet I'm just
sitting here enjoying the sweet sweet
jars
ended up choosing Jamie's Italian after
all and I was interested to see that
they have a gap which specific menu well
I don't think anything on this menu is
new it's just a condensed version of the
normal menu regular menu like off my
heart yeah actually I do remember those
those things on the regular menu that
aren't on here I've only been here one
side well I'm gonna get the carbonara I
don't really feel like pasta but maybe
you'll get off three olives and olives
yeah I'm gonna get myself a meat plank
some crispy squid and polenta crisps
let me find the chips so it'll be it's
kind of like three small things adding
up to one main I just prefer that I like
the variety
they just told me something what did you
just tell me I told them that I hope an
update overnight even at a concert what
do you think about whether misbehaving
I just got this drink it's called a
refresher and I think this is lemonade
this is what was it again it's fresh
lemon elderflower cordial cranberry
juice on top of lemonade yeah it's
really good actually
mmm yeah beer corner serves out there I
tried this this is libert√† I think if
their own in-house craft brewed beer it
was made in Stratford sure made a
chocolatier so it's practically it's
made in Britain with Italian flair but
it has a very interesting taste it's erm
it's made with floral acacia honey
banging across Hobson oh yeah I've got a
very interesting taste and very pleasant
actually
really honest like pretty pretty sweet
actually yeah
and I've got my my first start is the
meat platter but my first of the three
meals so we've got the the crispy squid
there which is really good and a lot of
polenta present get this on tape before
I into Valerie that's so this is the
final piece in a hot snack puzzle Oh
as soon as you get off the escalator
that's where they stay sighs sex stays a
little Paris I'm gonna keep it low-key
last year our state
let's get off the plane it is by a safer
and you can tell straight away that this
is smell in the air it's not England
anymore darling
yeah and also I like it when you can
disembark an airplane and walk to the
airport I think always nice that's
always like through the customs
hopefully they're less a fingers crossed
and then find us of a taxi managed to
get through passport control just wear
your first date cause she's going to the
toilet we didn't actually bring any main
luggage with us when he got hand luggage
because we're trying to easyJet and you
have to pay more if you bring our
luggage but I have to say it's really a
really nice feeling not to have to wait
for your luggage it's not doing another
future just just Fowler Hannah likewise
only
I was just over Pat I'm on over Packer
so I'm gonna try it I'm gonna try not to
go in the future it was amazing I have
to wait let's go
we just needed to show you two
magnificent cacti
look at these things oh my god what
Aslan would give to put one of these in
a terrarium
we're just making our way to the hotel
this is the street we're on we are in
the Medina the old town as you can see
is a little bit pad who got pretty much
every single type of traffic going
through here no cars but mopeds so it's
not I like it when it's like super
different as soon as you come in like
you know it's not the same I like that
there's no easing in whatsoever Oh
turning down a smaller street scale we
got our guide from the hotel he's taking
us there
we just got into the hotel and I feel
like I have to whisper because it's so
quiet here the room this is probably the
nicest room I mean I was expecting we
went down this like really small like
alleyway for like a few minutes like in
the middle of nowhere I felt like it was
in the door I had no idea where we going
and then after we go through all these
tunnels there was like this massive door
and I was thinking like you almost I
almost felt like we were underground and
then there was like this massive door
and I thought like Oh God like what what
kind of rare my room is like because I
thought how big could be you know just
like a door in the NMS tunnel we'll show
you tomorrow we'll go through all the
tunnels and show you the door and then
what anyway then we open the door and it
was like there's like an orange tree and
then the lady took us to her room and I
was like when we walked in I thought
this was like a reception room but this
is the room I guess I'll balloon tour so
when you walk in you see this and I
thought that was the room and everything
you know where's the bed and I look over
here and here's the bed over here and
then this is like this heater thing with
like a fire and it's got these like
gorgeous like windows looking out you
can maybe see like that's the outside
and then over here there's like well
first off there's like this amazing like
fabric mural and then this is like a
chill-out area
in a fireplace in here they walk in here
and there's the bathroom doing all the
tears just like the toilet and then
here's where sinks are oh my god what's
this what the heck's that a mask mask
hmm
I don't know what you're supposed to do
this and my asks like some amazing like
soap and then here's the shower
Coughlin's exposed confident very
on-trend it's a ways into this is like
glamping because I thought we were gonna
come here and it was gonna be like when
we went to India like those standard of
hotels not that I might it's just like I
forgot I was expecting seriously
tomorrow I'm gonna try to show you guys
more of this hotel because I'm like I
feel like Kim Kardashian or something
don't you
oh you probably don't you feel like
Bruce really nice hotel so yeah we're
gonna go have dinner now it's like
almost 9 o'clock
it's like 8:15 yeah I'd like to you'll
have dinner and see you know yeah cuz we
don't have very much time here so we
best like make the most of it and then
after that that I'm gonna come home and
edit the vlog so you guys are still my
priority
don't worry but seriously I'm gonna try
to edit the vlog and get it up if I
can't what the Internet's good here I'm
just sitting on the bed still we still
haven't got for breakfast breakfast no
dinner I'm really losing it and I was
just saying like oh I wish we could stay
longer than two days and then I was like
oh but I'd rather be here for two days
than no days right yeah I think like
when you go somewhere new and you feel
like so lost
it just it was sort it like light
something we think your soul like no
seriously but it does it kind of gives
you that fire back yeah
gives that feeling like you can't be
inspired as amazing feeling even if it
is just for two days you you gotta take
a little break sometimes otherwise you
know you're gonna go crazy
so Aslan called ahead and booked dinner
you know what he did
so we are in the in the main courtyard
here orange trees growing in the middle
you definitely know you're not in
England when there's orange trees
growing we've got our starters we have
some lentils Karason aubergine and I
stay like that so far which is good
but the main and it's a chicken tagine
can turn couscous as well oh my god the
chickens nice is all but I'm just blown
away by the Dutch coast and then I Chris
was like this Melanie s they actually
really likes the meal which you know
alright good I'm pleased about that cuz
I wasn't worried that you might not like
it but the chicken delicious so
delicious meal we decided to come out
into the world yeah doing square and the
lady at the hotel is kind enough to show
us the way so we're trying to follow her
but she said we can make our way back
I'm not so sure it's pretty confusing
but a little bit and get the moment yes
Sunday night exactly so but I think
you'll just get her to take us back
we'll see
so we're in the main square now I think
we're quite tired so we're not gonna
spend too much wake up early so energy
is far morning
don't get full Dave so the lady she
finally showed us here I'm gonna try and
take us back now just to see if I
remember them so this is the world
famous food snails estate doesn't wanna
have this stewed snails but I I think we
should try I think I can know okay try
and give it a go
oh yeah leading the way which is to be a
big quite hard so we're now just heading
down this very kind of creepy looking
doing the alley
I think this is actually the main soup
market street at night time everything
yeah okay well it is the romantic to a
certain extent but I think just a night
time is everything's closed but during
the day I think you'll be bustling
enough stuff everywhere we came across
these little tanks cages of lizards and
turtles and you keep them as pets there
here's being sold as pets so here are
some turtles in there and some more
turtles are there these are really big
ones down here we tiny ones here and
then look at that lizards God that was
quite something so many tiny little
sweet things honey yeah oh yeah I read
about it in really expected to be quite
like this but I think we're good now in
terms of finding our way or another
we're know how to get here from the
spice month when the spice walk is quite
easy and I think everybody knows where
this fight
okay all right so I suppose will then
make we'll see tomorrow guys but we can
get Twitter and yeah it's just a
long-term uploads executive like twenty
five hours maybe hopefully things crusty
I will see it's more for more American
adventures
