there you go buddy being fat and water
not having been fed and watered bowl is
clean NASPA normal had a quite a good
time we went for an extra-long walk this
morning didn't we
an extra long walk about 40 minutes yeah
you like that mm-hmm
sometimes it's important to change up
the walk you know taking on a longer
while taking on a new route get them
interested get sniffing again there's
nothing more he likes to sniff then
you've been around the corner if you've
never come across a bin before then
he'll die a happy man if he gets to just
sniff the hell out of it so I like to
bring him that joy hello everyone excuse
my appearance but I am not feeling well
at all so I don't know if I mentioned
this this morning but I got home last
night after having dinner and everything
and all of a sudden I just felt so sick
and even at his mom's house I was
sitting at the table like I thought I
could throw up I know this is probably
TMI but I just you know that feeling
and then I don't know finally we got
home and as soon as we got home I was
like I feel so weird
I just felt dizzy like I could be sick
like I had a really bad headache I just
got into bed like I never get into bed
with my makeup on let me just say that
this so that I knew something was wrong
so I just like laid in bed for like an
hour and then finally I just like washed
my face and just went to bed because I
felt so ill and then I woke up this
morning and I still don't feel right
like my head is pounding and I took two
paracetamol or aspirin and I'm starting
to feel like slightly better but I think
I might have been dehydrated and also
yesterday I I didn't eat very well like
I had hot chocolate and then I have
Lebanese food which was like quite
greasy and I think that was also why
like I've been eating quite well like
salads chicken like just you know not
greasy foods really so I think it was
like a bit of a shock to my system but
yeah I wasn't sick or anything but I
just still feel like that queasy feeling
anyway this is probably you know you
probably don't wanna hear this so what
can i well I'm gonna make breakfast now
I think I'm gonna have some green tea
for sure and maybe some cereal and some
strawberries so I'm gonna make that now
I decided on the tea pig's green tea
with mint which is just you know
strawberries I'm just gonna have this
and see how I feel and then I might have
some cereal as well we'll see I'm just
setting everything up to film a beauty
video for my main channel my head is
pounding still I thought that the
aspirin would work but sadly it hasn't
but I mean there's power through this
and it's not very long video so I should
be able to do it in relatively good time
if I don't get talking too much and
that's all I have to say I'm just gonna
start vlogging just got to take some
pictures now
I actually have a lot of pictures that I
need to take so I better go do that
right now this is actually very hard to
do a camera filming a camera opening up
number seven oh I don't have this it's
the honey lip balm oh my this looks good
I finished filming two videos and now
we're at the park with Reggie's yep
quick Reggie's a weekly office cousin oh
and I find of you guys like Reggie cam
so maybe Reggie cam will return today Oh
we'll see so here we are we actually put
Reggie's special harness on and then
we've got the really long 15 meter
recall training leash yesterday's over
there with it so we're trying to see
he's kind of off leash essentially / as
you can see Reggie he doesn't like to
run or do anything he's just he just
stands around looking he always think he
never actually did any racing
Phil refusing to go anywhere just I
think he's tired of running he's had all
the running things I needed in his life
he's just know let's take things easy
now
hi Reggie come on you wanna run look
I've got all this lead and you're not
even running literally we took them all
around the park with this lead and I was
hoping maybe he'd like to see something
he's interested in run off well no he's
just walking right by us
I think he's actually nervous to run
more than anything I don't know why it's
okay and we ran into one of our friends
dads yeah and I guess we could call him
our friend yeah I think I think that's
when you know I don't know for me like
when you actually run into someone that
you know in London it makes you feel
like you actually lived here yeah you're
like a local so it is Alan's birthday on
Monday
whop whop and he's turning the big two
for yep and we didn't do anything crazy
last year for his birthday or my
birthday we actually never do anything
for our birthdays no so this year we
hate the ring yeah I mean you don't
really want to celebrate its aging yes
you do or not yeah so anyway this year
we're going to be celebrating and we're
going on a little trip for how many days
two days two days
yep and we're going to Marrakech in
Morocco in Morocco North Africa
so yeah just a really short trip but it
should be really cool I just really
wanted I really wanted to go somewhere
kind of sunny and warm in the winter
it's not too hot there it could be 20
degrees and sunny so I like I haven't I
sorry I feel like I haven't seen the Sun
and so long so I just wanted to yeah
so surprise surprise we're leaving
tomorrow yeah we leaving tomorrow in the
afternoon we're gonna spend the whole
day or Monday there then we're coming
back on Tuesday in the afternoon but
it's a little caveat to that because
we'll be in Morocco and we're not so I'm
not sure how the internet will be the
vlogs may not be up or they may be later
or we're not sure yeah I mean it's the
Internet's good enough we'll put them up
if not then we'll just put them up on
Tuesday when we come back but we'll just
do like a bumpy logging every day but if
the internet Hotel in Toronto if the
hotel internet doesn't allow us to
upload like 15 20 minute videos I can't
really do much about that but they will
eventually go up and I might even do two
per day if they don't work but fingers
crossed that the internet just works and
then won't have an issue so yeah I think
that's a big announcement Reggie any
other hand still still not running yeah
well we are bringing Reggie back to the
same kennels that we got him from yes
they have like a little dog sitting
service there and it's really handy
actually because Reggie obviously used
to live there he's familiar with it he
knows the people he knows the routines
and I think him to see the other dogs
again and they obviously know how to
care for greyhounds and stuff like that
so I think that's good so we're gonna
take him there on tomorrow morning yeah
for a couple of days so yeah I think
when I started heading home now I'm
gonna try encouragement to run a bit
more I mean take this yeah let's see
come on man come on Reggie gonna run no
no kind of running no run
yeah we can do a little bit of Reggie
cab for you guys like this okay ready
Reggie can you don't thinking I'm
singing it come on Reggie can't
Reggie go does whatever a Reggie can he
sees this girl he sees crow
Ready's like guys this is getting old
though
proper education rayji cam reggie cam
I'm a dog yes I am
I can run but I choose to walk my
running days are over now better
here is the Reggie man he's talked about
he's hot too much of us doing weird
to go back home now
well Reggie's happy yes he is he's been
fed stays beat so she's taking a little
nap plastic I know you said that
yesterday hush so little stomachache
it's not even like a stomachache but you
know and you just feel weird my head
kind of hurts in a weird way like I just
feel a little dizzy
mm my stomach's feeling just not taking
that that money and I'm just gonna head
into town quickly because I need to get
a book for Marrakech oh because we're
going to set a short time I thought I'm
not gonna get a book but you know what
I'm gonna actually I was gonna get one
because they're only gonna be like six
or seven pounds and I think would be
worthwhile to maximize our future
potential enjoyment there I didn't know
I could have done that you know I mean
I'm gonna do something on the plane yeah
it's a 4-hour flight yeah so we're gonna
do something and you know what I also
like to have lonely planet Rough Guides
of the places that beats and I'd like to
have them on the bookshelf yeah and then
you go sometimes I like to you know if
I'm reading on the toilet take out that
take out like the old India book I'm
like oh yeah Trivandrum okay
I hope people know we're talking about
you they do anyway so yeah the public
soundest a good thing going up he's
tired he's like oh my god a half an hour
40 minute walk this morning another an
hour and a half in the park that's
enough what are these people trying to
do to me Reggie here Reggie they're not
cat Reggie I still think that's
one of my best drawings yeah that's why
I set up my dad not touch it okay I just
got up I wasn't even sleeping like I
wish I was sleeping I'm really tired but
I was just kind of laying there and I'm
so cold I've got the shivers I got this
scarf autumn China just like I'm just
freezing I really hope I'm not getting
sick like it feels like I'm kind of
getting the flu I don't know that would
really suck right before our little trip
so I'm gonna just try to recover we do
have plans to go out tonight for dinner
with some friends so yeah hopefully I
just recover a little bit before then so
I will let you know I'm gonna make some
tea now I think just like a regular cup
of good old tea and might eat something
back home round took Reggie for his
pronouncement walk of the day he's gone
back and munching away that is kibble
anyway so I went to the book shop and I
ended up getting the rough guide for
Marrakech it was on a large selection
from Morocco as a whole but I didn't
want to buy homework and so just got the
medication it really came down through
the dk Rough Guides and the Lonely
Planet and he came was useless it was
like top 10 things to do so that's
nothing good and the rough guide and
Lonely Planet kind of had this kind of
you know history then they had maps and
a lot more detailed now I found the
rough guide to be a lot better because a
was laid out in a clear manner and be
the things they actually recommended
seemed to be a bit more exciting I don't
know lowly plan is recommending a lot of
kind of museums and old masks that sort
of thing which I mean I do find
interesting about to be on if I go to a
country I only read to see like a couple
of museums and a couple of old masks
that's it I mean I've seen that I've
seen that type of architecture so I
prefer when a guy throws in some other
things I think the rough light did it on
this one so good work rough guy people
do it so we're on our way to dinner now
we're going to Franco wanker which is a
pizzeria it prides itself on using
sourdough bases for their other pizzas
so we love ya we lost our door it's very
very good
it's a Brixton market so we're gonna
make our way there oh my god it's really
already good Lisa I'm pretty good pretty
good
we're just leaving Brixton and yeah
dinner was amazing like that pizza was
fantastic it was amazing pizza I'm
really glad I came out because as you
guys know I don't like to leave the
house especially today like I'm not
feeling well but you know it's always
the way you always have a good time
that's not true but you know you usually
have a good time I usually have a good
time when you go well it's nice to catch
up with everybody and yeah pizza was
amazing if anybody likes pizza you
should go to find em I'm Franco mango
yet the sound okay that makes it really
good so I think we're heading home now
because I've got so much to do like
we're gonna pack as well yeah so I guess
see what we get
as you can see we are home now nice and
warm it's almost 10 o'clock and I'm
going to take a bath
yep and we are in the back but I'm going
to take a bath first and then we are
going to pack whatever happens tonight
I'm taking a bath yeah yeah oh yeah the
pizza was amazing yeah Damario said that
the pizzas rated he like beats admit of
that place really good they've got a
couple of branches yeah so so anyway I
guess we will see you tomorrow
but hopefully the internet will be good
if not please bear with us we are trying
yeah yeah what am I saying it'll be
until Tuesday and you know the reason
why yeah okay so I hope you guys are
having a great weekend and good bye
