I don't know if you can see this but
that's actually a fox right there
walking across which might just call
just a little bit of it but yeah that's
a that's very common in London a lot a
lot of people don't realize this but
we've got quite a lot of like wildlife
on the streets of London this foxes
badgers sometimes not that many bags is
really fun yeah Ivan foxes are Reggie
hates them he hates other foxes thank
God he didn't see one without it I think
they can act um doctor what we get some
sort of diseases from them if they get
get into a fight or whatever but I mean
they're not never really a problem
because they always just run away you're
not a big fan you know she goes up what
can you see that probably a crow
probably just across not a big deal so I
actually want to do Reggie cam should I
do that this is Reggie cam
let's follow Reggie around Oh
nothing quite exciting now but maybe in
a second Reggie sorry I don't know what
I'm doing this morning
well I'm even so hyper Oh
but anyway it's Friday so that's a good
thing I think tonight staying either go
for a little meal favourite Lebanese
place and potentially maybe good this my
skating museums got at the ice rink
it'll be nice to for me to practice
before I get to Canada you know
everybody in Kate in Canada is a capable
ice skater the moment they are born so I
can make sure my skills are polished
started just in case hey do you need to
do some ice-skating in Canada I won't
embarrass myself for a snake I feel like
if I get if I'm good with the ice
skating I'm in there where that stays
family you know they're gonna respect me
a bit better
gotta make sure I'll get my practicing
hello again
it is vlogmas day 6 i think isn't it day
6 i don't know it's really hard to keep
track
i'm about to leave for a little meeting
if you want to call it that i'm just
watching my little reggie yeah so i'm
just gonna leave for like it probably
shouldn't take too long like an hour and
a half something like that it's in the
same area where Whole Foods is so I
might be tempted to pop in to Whole
Foods I don't know I mean do I really
need to go into Whole Foods again but
they do have some good stuff don't they
and they really do so anyway I'm just
gonna have some breakfast and then I'm
gonna get going it is freezing
I just got out of the station and of
course I'm about 20 minutes late I feel
so bad I hate being late for things but
one of the trains was canceled then okay
so my breath I'm almost there so the
meeting went well luckily they weren't
too mad I'm trying to walk and do this
at the same time it is slightly
difficult I'm just I was gonna go in but
feeling at the momento ahead I just got
home it's about two o'clock in the
afternoon and I just took Reggie up for
a walk Oh Reggie Oh reg opening up my
advent calendar number six mango body
lotion I've had this before and it
smells so good I love the mango body
scrub as well this also came in the mail
I ordered this a pretty long time ago
not long ago maybe like a week and a
half two weeks ago
it's a thunder shirt because Reggie gets
a little bit scared of thunderstorms and
a lot of people on my Facebook page
recommended that we get one of these
thunder shirts for him so I'm gonna try
it on to make sure that it fits him I
did try to put it on but this doesn't
seem right what the heck okay let me
look at this box this is what it's
supposed to look like okay there's
definitely nothing across his chest okay
one second okay so that's what it seems
to look like I'm not sure if this is
right this flap here I don't know but
yeah it seems to be the right size once
I actually figure out how to use it
right she's like please take this off it
says the way this works is that it
applies gentle constant pressure on the
dog's torso and it has a calming effect
on most dogs it's like kind of like I
guess when you give someone a hug so
that's I don't know we'll see luckily
it's not raining out now and there's no
thunderstorm to be seen but the next
time there's a storm I will definitely
give us a go I can't remember how much I
paid for it it was like around the 20 25
pound mark but I'll leave a link in the
description box if you have a dog that
thinks might
from this I don't know like I said I've
never tried it don't know if it works or
not but I mean lots of you guys said all
in Twitter and on my Facebook page that
this is like amazing if you've got a
nervous dog so I will keep you posted on
that I decided to wear Aslan's hat today
might be looking a little bit crazy but
you know I'd rather be crazy than cold
and actually today I saw someone wearing
shorts today just shorts shirts and
running shoes that is insane it is so
freaking cold and this is coming from a
Canadian I know I'm supposed to be like
immune to cold weather but no no I'm not
Aslan and I had plans for a little date
tonight we were gonna go to a restaurant
he was gonna come home pick me up and we
were gonna go through the restaurant
together although this was supposed to
happen at 6 o'clock at night I'll take
the clock rolls around I call him he's
at the pub with his mates
honestly the men leads a rock and roll
lifestyle so I just told him I would
just meet him there instead of him
coming all the way home and then I was
going together so should take about 35
minutes on the tube again it is freezing
outside I'm starving I will let you know
when I get there I had to stop
Chiqui hot chocolate so we're at the
restaurant and they give you
complimentary free tea whilst your
weight which is very nice a thing this
is actually a restaurant in the dog
world inaudible it's quite something I
think I stays always one of these bags I
always said no I would I always said no
to these bags up there so just finished
dinner
it was lovely as always come to us so
good service is questionable you know a
little patio time it was even her busy
tonight if the guy was just me
forgetting everything at all times but
it was aiya can we could forgiving
because of the food give us some free
dipping sauces
yeah it's true for the trip for our
troubles is like normally these cost 50
P but for you it'll be free because of
the way house like I did late
oh hello leaving anyway so we're now
gonna go do some ice skating in a
Natural History Museum a behavior
Canadian you guys skate naturally you
know and there's no any TV there's no
even transition between walking and
skating it just happens just naturally
just not skating on the tube today this
lady was sitting in the seat and she got
up to get off the train and she got off
and then the guy that was sitting beside
her noticed that she left her cellphone
on the chair to oil and he got the phone
really quickly and ran off the train oh
I like gave her the phone chased her
down and then he well I see you own a
salon well not that bad we're all
horrible occasion like to do nice things
for other people
yeah anyway you know what else is nice
these beautiful lights on a National
History Museum off of the trees isn't
that nice lovely ice cream who's just
below down there so that's where we're
headed I just had the shock of my life
Canadian ice skating is actually usually
free yeah it is
maybe it will cost two dollars like but
the price for us to be ice skating
tonight is a low low price of 29 pounds
Oh day 29 no Islamic come on a central
London at the Natural History Museum
you're are you gonna pay a high price to
impress the lady
yesterday was just saying how these
skates with with with these kind of
velcro he strapped things there in
Canada these are the kids skates for
adults clean all professional Brits on
ice on the quietest of the skaters
Canadian tonight my son says he can't
feel his feet but not to lose you got to
have that ankle support we're about to
go on the ice it all states it up
dangerous this skate son honorary
Canadian tonight
okay three Canadian the ice show me
actually because if I see say so the
blades have not been sharpened a long
time turn the camera out so you always
think of all they should have had two
plays on the serpent in so slippery
listen guys listen as a Canadian this is
this is not up to snuff this is not
standing this we that's right I think
we're managing okay though what's your
record here we go
embarrassing then let's say I have to
try and catch up with that where she is
lady where you going hilarious
people are falling over why not
enjoyable though I think tweeting
instagramming and vlogging at the same
fiber skating it is quite something
we bros we know how to do it well it
can't start these to be a lot of ice
skating so you know I'm nice little
better she can go backwards I see okay
do me to do me 12 come on let's do it 12
oh nice
okay go and do it again I want to see
how are we gonna see the
oh very good it has been a while yeah I
still got it
okay Oh God
it's funny how skating is kinda like
riding a bicycle
once you learn how to do when you're a
kid you don't forget it the rest you
love dance is just something you can
just pick up like me interstate was just
ripping through the crowd we're just
shredding like we're like oh yeah
actually skate paying them before so
nice des este instagramming away Togo
were funny out of that carnage that's
quite something wasn't it that was nice
so what are we doing now we're gonna
head over to my mom yeah a little family
time in yep you know I'm hoping
something yeah i'm social it's not too
late on a Friday would we I think this
one's quite enjoyable I think I think
there's a recession that starts every
hour on the hour so a session if you do
come I think it's best to come on the
hour rather than later we care about
half past only got half an hour's of
skating
yeah Oh little Molly I'm just admiring
Aslan's sister sells nails they are
absolutely gorgeous and her friend did
them so it has inspired me to do some
nail art but I don't think I can ever
master that so we're at home now and I
get home to find this look at this a
delivery slip then they were lost were
out and guess who chewed it up what
could it be Reggie who is the prime
suspect in this crime
hey no he's hungry so yeah we're home
now
all the leads but you know hey it's
Friday I think I stays upstairs she's
she's feeling a little bit all the time
she wants to get into bed you know just
go walk Reggie favored them a little bit
as I haven't seen the full of water all
day he's happy enough man there is a
munching away happily well yeah so
that's it that's Friday I suppose you'll
see tomorrow tourist Saturday lots of
little things to do but errands to run
you know the weekend all bits and bobs
mmm anyway we'll see you tomorrow bye
