alchemist day number five what you think
about that regime five days in a row
still going strong with me I've ever had
egg from last night you know not too bad
though considering I feel alright
concerning it's quite early in the
morning and I feel fine I think today's
a big good day yeah it was worth it so
even though that was it was a pretty
pretty cheesy cheesy experience but it
had to happen I think and you saw I
stays mine dance loose so you know that
was all worth it in the end
what's that Reggie I suppose we could
take Reggie to the club
why not haven't been there you'd be
enjoying it he can definitely bust a
move I'm making you guys ever seen him
stretching with that he gets pretty low
he gets download this blogging thing
isn't as hard as I thought it wise I
don't actually do most of the blogging I
stay done so I suppose I can't say that
were you gonna ask her how she's finding
it but in the evenin the minimal
approach that I've been taking it's been
alright I hasn't mean it has been too
much of a pain yeah I'm thinking maybe
maybe we should get like a second camera
I thought it's a props to stay as well
for coming out to me with me last night
you know it's uh it was a weekday and I
know she she didn't have to go and I
think it really helps like I don't like
to go to clubs and I know that she
doesn't either but if we're there
together it kind of makes it more
bearable in a way it kind of makes it
fun just a little bit you know as long
as she's there so I know you should be
watching this when she's editing it so
thanks booth I appreciate it plus I
can't get over how beautiful the skies
this morning this looks so nice
I don't know why it's kind of like got a
ready public into it very rare to see
that in the morning tournament hope that
means there's gonna be a clear day good
morning everybody it's the I'm very
sleepy very very sleepy today you can
hear my voice when I'm sleepy I get this
like the
like this this that this thing going on
so hopefully I'll go away I Wow last
night you went to the club you know I'm
still recovering I don't drink alcohol
so I really have no excuse to feel
hungover but I do um I don't know all
the loud music the screaming in the ears
the dancing the people sweating and
touching you okay
it's wow wow wow Azlan rolled home at
about 3:00 in the morning and I of
course was awake because I don't know I
just can't if he's not home I can't
sleep because I think oh does he have
his keys and you know that's just the
way I am so I pretty much waited until
he got home and then he woke up this
morning at 7 o'clock in the morning so
basically we got less than four hours of
sleep when he wakes up early in the
morning he turns on all the lights in
the bedroom and I'm trying to sleep here
but he's turning the lights on so that
happened I'm actually used to it this is
going on like how many years have we
lived together 1 2 3 over 3 years of
this bullsh is that I've been dealing
with so yeah he turned out all the
lights and I was like okay so I'm gonna
clock in the morning I'm gonna wake up
now what I'm trying to say is I'm really
sleepy I just uploaded the vlog from
yesterday just reading through some
comments and yeah you guys honestly I'm
so pleased you're liking vlogmas yeah I
was actually kind of like thinking
nobody's gonna watch this nobody's gonna
enjoy this but you guys are giving like
such amazing feedback about I'm so happy
and yeah it just means a lot because
vlogging is it's not tiring but I think
it's just something I'm not used to and
like iceland's obviously not used to so
sometimes you're like oh yeah I gotta
get the camera like you just forget so
all the comments and all the positive
feedback and stuff really like keep you
going and stuff so no it's awesome and
I'm so glad I decided to do vlogmas this
year so at the moment it's 10 o'clock in
the morning and I haven't had breakfast
I'm so hungry I think I better drink a
big couple glasses of water I feel a
little bit dehydrated today I'm just
chilling out
just just you know I've got some stuff I
need to do like email wise and type up
some blog posts and it's Aslan's
birthday on Monday don't have a gift
don't have any ideas I think like when
you've got a birthday so close to
Christmas it's like I feel like the
person's always gonna get slightly
ripped off because it's so hard to think
of two good gifts so hmm
we'll see what I end up with I'm not
very good at giving gifts like I'm
really actually quite bad at it I can
never think of anything nothing to eat
nothing to eat
whatsoever I'm going to need to go all
that raspberries and raspberries the
thing with raspberries I'm pretty much
any other kind of berry is you have to
eat them like as soon as you get them or
else they go it go a little cray so
might have these raspberries and some
cereal and I might open up my advent
calendar number five is all the way up
here oh my god this is add a touch of
color would just make a bag essential
okay come on get out I just brought this
into some better light so you can see it
but it's the lip and cheek stain that is
really cool it's really like festive and
kind of shimmery Reggie sleeping he's
resting and relaxing he had a rough
night as well didn't you read Oh Reggie
cutie pie I just started editing today's
vlog so for day five and um because you
know it's just a lot easier to edit
throughout the day I feel so bad because
Atheling was like walking Reggie and he
was like basically saying like how much
he appreciates me coming to the club
like how it meant a lot to him how it
makes you know things better and I'm
like yeah it sucked I hated every second
of it you woke me up at 7:00 in the
morning god I am a terrible person I
really am but you know relationships
being in a good relationship is doing
stuff you don't necessarily want to do
but doing it for the other person
because he does lots of stuff for me as
well like things that I know he doesn't
want to do but he does it for me and you
know I do things that I don't
necessarily want to do but I do it for
him so we're getting very deep we're
getting very deep and personal I do feel
kind of bad that I've been
planning all morning you know that's my
nature that's just my nature here's my
beautiful bowl of raspberries and I
really need to catch up on Benjy and
Judy's blogs um because I've missed like
I feel like I've been like three days
three or four days I can't remember but
it's weird because I normally watch
benji and judy everyday but I was just
like I've been behind they are daily
vloggers they vlog every single day I
don't know how people do that I mean I
think that takes such commitment because
you never get a rest like they don't
take the weekend off they don't take
like if they go on holiday they don't
take that off they basically never get a
vacation from vlogging ignoring all of
that their vlogs are amazing and they
just I just I love their little family
and I like to watch them I know it's
slightly creepy but I just I just really
like them I think they're really good
people
and it's really interesting to see you
know their into their lives they're
having twins
soon they've already got a baby and I
don't know I don't even know where I'm
going with this but I'm going to go
watch their vlog right now after I took
Reggie for a walk I just went to the
grocery store really quickly because we
didn't have any food so I just had my
lunch don't ask how this happened but I
somehow found myself on the Tim Hortons
website do you remember how I was
explaining the Timbits
in yesterday's vlog you can actually
make your own tim bit to look like you
I'm going with an old-fashioned glazed
doughnut probably that a film it was a
little bit shorter but I think that's
the most similar and here is me as a
Timbit this is seriously the best thing
ever and the closest thing I could get
to Reggie was this which i think is
actually guide to similar of course I
could not leave Aslan out so here's as
Vanessa timid it's about 4 o'clock now
and as you can see it is so dark it's
unbelievable I can't lie I fell asleep
and I'm not proud of what I did
you know just another thing adding to my
grandma personality but I did only get
like like three four hours of sleep last
night and I just like my body just can't
handle that Sophos like replying to
emails I don't even remember falling
asleep but when I woke up my laptop was
still on my lap and I was I was just I
just fell asleep which was really weird
but anyway I woke up and it was pitch
black outside and there's like a massive
storm going on I thought you'd be able
to see if I just showed you out the
window you can really only see the
little tiny bit of drizzle but it's
really windy outside I'm kind of
dreading taking Reggie out for a walk
I'm gonna feed him and then I'm gonna
take him out in like half an hour 40
minutes so hopefully um can you even see
me is this pitch black there we go
hopefully the weather gets better in
about half an hour 40 minutes because he
does not like to go out in the rain and
neither do i oh he's hungry now luckily
the rain has stopped temporarily but it
is so cold
Reggie isn't too fazed though he was
excited to come out so he's being quite
tough about the whole thing
Aslan just got home and she hasn't seen
the vlog from yesterday and we're just
reliving the club experience together so
we're gonna watch our vlog the club part
yeah
nice like that that was mildly that's
horribly embarrassing you know how it is
what watch it if you ever see yourself
like you know at least for me I don't
see myself like out somewhere I like at
a club and afterwards you like you like
the pictures of use yeah like when you
get home and you people have already
tagged you in like a thousand pictures
and I go we are believe it or not going
out again yep
you know us I see an aztl√°n crazy crazy
cats honestly like I'm so used to
staying at home all the time like this
past week I'm like it's all my fault
forcing around we're going to a trunk
show if you don't know what a trunk show
is is basically where somebody has a
kind of shot that they set up in their
own house and then they sell like
different items and a friend of ours
it's really into Indian textiles she
basically she does it a trunk show twice
a year where she sells all different
types of Indian textiles like dresses
sorry scarves yeah and tonight is the
preview night so there's drinks and
nibbles so we'll be attending I haven't
actually been to one of these trunk
shows so I'm kind of looking forward to
seeing how yeah he'll be is it chilled
out you know it's good yeah if there's
nibbles
now hopefully they'll be nibble why do
you call it that is that a British
nation nibbling no but is that a British
thing to call it never dries and nibbles
yeah I think so yeah I don't think I was
Americans before we pronounce it navels
doesn't wear like nipples oh let's drink
some nipples drinks it get some day of
drinks and nibbles wait until as when
comes to Canada he gets like craziest
Canadian accent and we call it his
cowboy accent because his accent is not
talking like this all the time
I don't like oh hey yeah let's go to Tim
Hortons that sounds great
it's so weird like it's funny but it's
like more so weird I can't help but to
absorb accents I'm a real bad sucker for
that like whenever wherever I go in the
world
I will absorb that accent yeah go to
Canada I sound like the Canadian cowboy
in England
I like to think that I sound more kind
of British then I do anywhere else if I
go to India I don't I know this sounds
really terrible but I will adopt a
somewhat Indian accent when I speak in
English which isn't which I feel like
I'm being racist but I'm not it's just I
can't help but just to reciprocate the
accent that's being started it's natural
but also like when we went to India you
were like learning a lot of the language
like he was speaking Hindi I wasn't
ready
yes you were I was like bus must know he
knew like a few words and he's being
modest so we're leaving in how much
longer but we leaving about knocking
like an hour's time can I wear the same
outfit I wear the other day oh you can
if you want yeah doesn't yesterday the
other day I'm wearing this skirt from
Sunday and the top from last night damn
no idea what this but yes yes you can
is that gross no I thought when you
turned your underwear everything's fine
I'm wearing the same under from like six
seven days huh I just turned them inside
out a couple of times a couple of times
Wow I'm already getting easier there I
have so much I have like probably two
drawers full of underwear yeah you doing
I wish I had as many boxes cos that's
always a panic for me wake up one
morning there's not enough boxes or
there's not any boxes and I'm just like
oh what do I do
probably go to go to the laundry room
and get them yeah mr. Lovins your I
probably was oh go come on down come on
down come on Doh come on no come on no
come on no come on I see it's already
happening I'm thinking about Canada I
don't even know what the funny pronounce
was anymore have you ever gone commando
come on
commando come on oh um how am I ever
gone commando uh yes I have on several
occasions straight no I think we're just
about ready to go uh do a little Oh TA
no I'm not doing an OT an I'm too tired
for that I'm basically wearing the same
thing that I always wear I'm just
wearing the same t-shirt that I wore
last night and then the same skirt that
I wore on Sunday this one here um
nothing really special we're just going
over there for an hour so I just wanted
to show you this little stocking that I
got Reggie
I got at the grocery store today it says
oh it includes a a toy
it's from pedigree and it felt like all
these different kinds of treats in it
just for every now and then I thought it
might be like a cute little thing for
him I think this cost five pounds so
probably got ripped off but it was just
so cute like it's just a little stalking
yeah another one of Aslan's amazon
purchases a thermometer mm-hmm okay the
reason why I got this because I stay
three or four times a week I think I'm
coming down with someone I think I think
it might be ill he's like you're like
feel my forehead feel my forehead so I
end up feeling forehead and I can't feel
anything so I actually got this to make
the proof official so what's your
temperature is it normal
I'm gonna trending career he right now
thirty six point eight oh the fitness
cameras really having a hard time
focusing on everything lately oh there
there there we go
yeah thirty six point eight is that
normal I think I smell Oh make sure you
rinse kids later yourself are you
enjoying the Kath McCarty truck oh yeah
there's cool stuff yeah I think that's
making a little purchases off there's a
scarf that I liked and I think I'm
selling my I I think more than anything
it makes me want to go back to India
yeah that feeling remember there we are
here the boys yeah so guys tell me more
about the Katherine cardi trial it's not
a picture how would you describe the
Katherine cottage function in three
words sum it up not three words just
describe the Christmas a Christmas trunk
show okay lovely what Katherine does is
she she goes to India and she picks out
textiles and then she designs them into
clothing she gets made in India and
brings over to England so it's a real
authentic product you know it's not made
by like child labourers it's all
it's all fair trade you know kosher and
you actually buy the stuff off of your
site you can't buy the stuff out of a
site all you need to do is to come to
one of the fabulous structures Aslan has
just made an outfit change yeah I think
it works well depends if you had that
family done that's on wearing a
Catherine cutter design cut up got the
lovely minimus way I think I think I
look good this is good definitely
something I can wear this is very cool
yeah very lightly embroidery be perfect
for the summertime oh thanks so with the
time dozens gone yeah a little bit I'm
doing with it are these are these
women's no this is mental thing hmm
what you reckon yeah I love it yeah
thanks
I was just chatting to a couple people
here and I was kind of telling them like
what we're doing daily vlogging like
this and it's so funny when you're
actually in the YouTube world and I
guess everybody who's watching this
knows what daily vlogging is and it's
not weird to you what's not a new
concept I think if you do only associate
YouTube with other youtubers and you
know and and you're in that world
vlogging isn't necessarily like an alien
content and then you have to realize
that nice and some people don't even
know what it is yeah like so many people
don't know what because you're in the
world do you think everybody knows about
it but yeah I think it's always quite
fun to explain to people what is there
like so you just film your regular life
I mean is this right here yes the hello
of every talk might seem a wonderful
change these want to cut those 50
perfect buttons and that's what I have
Colombia
we just got home from the trunk show
whoo whoo textiles baby Indian style so
it's uh it's not really technically bed
time but I'm sure we're both quite tired
No yeah pretty no yeah I saw something
like no it's not bedtime but yes oh yeah
yeah and then I was just thinking like
why am I tired when I already had like
an at will and an hour nap that's still
only like what five hours of sleep
exactly so um I think what we're gonna
do is just uh we're just trying to eat a
box down there um I'm gonna just try to
tidy up the kitchen yep I'm not even
showing you what's going on over there
I'm just gonna chill out as I'm just
gonna show I think we might have the
modern family in the background yeah I'm
gonna make sure I have my licorice tea
I'm starving I haven't had dinner yet
yeah so I guess we're gonna wrap it up
and say good night for the evening right
yeah and we'll see you tomorrow
yep want to say goodbye to reg say bye
reg
oh no we seen Donald pretty he's nice
now you want to relax as well don't you
buddy say good night good night
