another day another morning walk with
Reggie actually today why do we are
doing something other exciting walk but
on a reverse walk that's right instead
of going the normal kind of clockwise
direction I'm doing kind of
anti-clockwise this do you know
stimulating a little bit more it's kind
of like in I'm if you play like Mario
Kart n64 once you be all the like 50 100
and 150 CC you get you're locked in
reverse or the reverse track that's what
I feel a Reggie Reggie is master just
walk so well I have to throw in the
reverse a lot and aware at the moment
it's about 12 o'clock now I'm sorry that
I haven't even participated in the vlog
yet but I wasn't really doing anything
we had some slight internet issues and
luckily Aslan sorted that out
it's just weird like sometimes we'll
wake up and the internet just won't work
and then ozland does something and it
works so yeah we had to figure that out
so yesterday's vlog was a little bit
late so sorry about that
just buy a couple hours no baking so I
finished curling my hair and getting
ready I curled my hair a little bit
differently today I kind of curled one
piece skip to section then curled
another piece the opposite way so it's
kind of like a bit Messier and Aslan
hates when I curl my hair he he can't
stand the way it looks because he says
it looks fake so so I tried to go like
for a more sort of natural less like you
know curly and he still says that he
hates it hates it even more because it
looks even more fake so there's no
pleasing that man but you know just
gotta live to please yourself and I
really like it because it's a little
more like I just like to mess around
with it and it looks good so I did my
makeup pretty much the exact same way as
yesterday I have about an hour before
I've got to leave and I'm still in my
pajamas like I need to I need to fix
that you want to see that my pajamas my
pyjamas are from Primark and they say
tweet me I'm sitting in a very strange
way but I'm just crossing my legs and
there are the same socks from yesterday
well they're not the same I bought 2
packs of the same ones because I love
them so much but yeah still in my PJs so
I'm just going to photograph a blog post
maybe 2 blog posts if I have time
quickly get changed get out the door and
I'm going to be meeting up with another
youtuber today these last two days are
making it look like I've got like a
serious social life but I promise you I
do not but yes I'm going to meet up with
her later so I will let you know when I
get there the postman just arrived and I
was sent a little something from the
brand rituals I've tried a couple of
their products and I was first
introduced to them at the Glasgow
Airport long story very long story but I
tried a couple other things it was
really nice I tried a body scrub and but
that was ages ago so anyway they sent me
these home of fragrance sticks I don't I
haven't opened them up yet but I'll show
you what they look like in a second and
then the reason I'm vlogging this is
because they also sent me some cookies
and on the card it says in the
celebration of the tradition of giving
this Christmas blah blah blah and in the
true Dutch style the birthplace of
rituals a box of Christmas biscuits
traditionally exchanged at Christmas in
Holland to celebrate Saint Nicholas Eve
which is the fifth of December so I'm
gonna show you the biscuits we've
already eaten one here they are oh my
god
look at these oh my this is doing
nothing for the healthy eating but I
just cannot resist and I've already gone
for this one so mmm Reggie's interested
but it's not gonna happen buddy
not gonna happen so big thanks to you
guys at rituals for sending me these
especially the cookies so here's what
the diffusor thing looks like it says
spices from the east I guess that's the
fragrance
it's a massive bottle and then it's got
these really long diffuser sticks so I
think that's really nice I keep these
all over the place I've got this one
here from the body shop this is the
green tea and lemon I think it's called
and then I also bought this neon one and
I forget the fragrance of this and I
bought that I recently bought a refill I
think it's the contentment refill I
really like diffusers because I think
they make your home smell
really really nice but in a nice natural
way like it's not like you turn a candle
on in the whole room is like overtaking
overpowered by the fragrance this is
just like a nice little mellow scent but
you can still notice it and plus it's
like sensing your home all day long
instead of a candle where you can only
burn it for a couple of hours so I just
realized that it also comes with this
little cap thing so just to make it a
little more pretty just in case you were
wondering about that just before I leave
I thought I'd open up day number four of
my advent calendar from the body shop
I'm sure the suspense is killing you
what's this ooh white musk smooth satin
body lotion I love the white musk scent
like I know it's kind of like old school
but that is what I like about it I am in
Covent Garden with the beautiful Sammy
from Beauty crunch we've got something
going on here creepy crazy times in
Covent Garden but we're gonna go get
some lunch
and a little snack and just start
chatting
there's Sammy over there taking a nice
artistic photo of Myshkin which is where
we just went for lunch and we've been
here before Aslan and I and I think we
actually did an entire vlog about
Michigan so I mean I do like this place
good sandwiches good Reuben and they
have amazing milkshakes as well which we
didn't get but we did get the amazing
lemonade damn that lemonade okay here is
the beautiful is this called the Piazza
yeah I think it is but it's like a
little courtyard area and I've got this
giant massive Rudolph which is pretty
cool guys one thing about London it's
just so bloody festive all the time no
matter what holiday right here it says
please do not sit or stand on the
reindeer base but we've got some rebels
in the house we came into the Dior store
of course we couldn't resist and I'm
just telling Sammy all about my love for
the like rows section here and I think I
may have convinced her gorgeous so we
just got out from the gorgeous gate in
the background but we spent far too long
in there but we got like check out these
cute little bags I don't even see this
but but your is like for me it's like
it's the one music
and you got a she got the creme to Rose
lip balm and a lip gloss yeah so yeah I
think we're just gonna wander around and
then I think we're both going home
that's awkward to say I was just walking
home look who I ran into Reggie and his
sleek black coat and somebody else so Oh
my two favorite men are you on your way
home now let's go home now so we're back
home now I was just telling us um what a
nice time I had - Sammy are you even met
Sammy have you know I've never have
actually I would like to yeah so Sammy
another one of those class acts like a
girl who's just 50 times nicer than you
could even imagine I've always loved
Sammy like sins like back in the day she
was like one of the first people that I
ever watched yeah yeah like when I
before I even got into it before I ever
made videos she made like a lookbook
video and she was like how to style
denim shorts and I was like this girl is
amazing how does this doll know she's
gorgeous
so yeah it was good to meet her and I
actually got an email I want to bring up
so occasionally I get emails from
people's boyfriends okay how does that
make you feel jealous
all righty okay so this is an email from
Chris and he starts off by saying first
of all I'm a 28 year old heterosexual
male okay so you know it's gonna be very
strong you know I'm coming on strong
there Chris watch out and the emails
basically about how him and his
girlfriend are in a long-distance
relationship that it's been going on for
three years something like that and how
she always sends him the lake to my
videos and our videos and they watch it
together oh yeah and we remember we used
to do stuff like that like we used to
watch things together and we also not
just watch things together we'll time it
perfectly I mean I'll be like okay press
the play button in 301 we'd like watch a
show together because like long-distance
relationships are quite hard so then he
says so while I have enjoyed your videos
that I happen to think your boyfriend is
particularly funny so then he says and
my girlfriend spells a
and a that's pronounced like llama and
not like in a hostage negotiation
so so far rat oh yeah negotiation Amna
aamna negotiation on this so um I hope
we're saying that right
like hostage negotiation yeah her
birthday hostage why not just make okay
just so if you could just say hello to
her what's your happy birthday tell her
how awesome I am
or whatever she would absolutely lose
her mind it would also score me some
much-needed brownie points to be used at
my discretion hello Christopher what are
you planning
yeah happy birthday to aamna yeah that's
a cool name I hope we're saying it right
I think so um no yeah um and then
they're like post hostage negotiation
yeah um he says yes one thing that I
could relate to in your videos was your
love of dogs and I was so happy to see
that you guys adopted a greyhound I hope
that decision has proven to be a great
one for both of you yeah what are you up
to Ricky what are you doing
woody nope classic classic so we are
going out later on tonight try to get in
that party mood I'm gonna dress myself
appropriately you know what do you a so
I think I'm just gonna relax for a bit I
want to reply to some comments on my two
videos that I put up today and I did a
blog post as well so just catch up on
comments and tweets and I cook myself
some weird mushroom bean egg thing I
smelled it when I got home I just felt
pretty good to in tasted pretty good I'm
hungry
does she get krump tonight ladies now
she's not getting crunk tonight getting
crunk on like water maybe I've got
grandma's Christmas gift sorted out okay
well you're not watching this in uh one
of these solar Queens like the hand
wavers like my grandma loves the Queen
and I also got her this bird pen a bird
pen but it's like a pretty I like that
oh I like that Howie the feathers that's
pretty cool yeah oh my god Reggie loves
them
that's not for you red he's gonna fight
it so this is actually a Gemma's sweater
from James maquillage I'm just borrowing
it oh I hope you don't mind it's like a
Christmas Christmas Christmas it's like
a Christmas themed thing so I needed
like the Christmas jumper this is the
only one that we have this is a 3d
installation as you can see here's the
nose there's a scuff right he's very
interested in the scarf no you see so
yeah I think that all I think I'll
satisfy the dress Christmassy criteria
anything yeah well I didn't actually
know this was a Christmas themed thing
this is about what if that would have
made even nice to know you know mention
stuff this day all the time they he'll
leave out crucial pieces of information
about things like this is a hundred
percent Christmas themed party people
are supposed to wear Christmas things
but did he mention that no I don't think
I think it's just like oh the best
Christmas outfit wait something I guess
I'll have to go get ready
you know that feeling where you don't
want to do anything but put your pajamas
on and get your hair clip in yeah what
are you to me and I don't have ID
um so yeah you're gonna get ready girls
yeah I'm not gonna get to great I think
people are like gonna be shocked at how
like I think people know we're lovey
dovey with Reggie but I think they're
gonna be shocked after this whole month
of me being like you know I think
everybody you know I think like when you
just love your dog you just love your
dog you know there's nothing that can be
done about that and why should there be
no BAM
who's this lady jeez
looking good looking okay so a lot of
people ask me all the time like do a
going-out face of the day do
like going out outfit of the day but I
never go out except tonight so great so
anyway this is one of the first times
I've gone out in a very long time so I
decided to go for the shorts and tights
look so these shorts are from Topshop
and they're not like super high-waisted
but they do come in you know what's this
word yeah thank you for the waist but
you know I think high-waisted know he's
your high waisted say anyway they're
just like this nice embroidered gold
little design like that
and then the top is also know this is
from exhaust this top and it's like
velvet top nice a little bit of texture
you know that's from going for of course
I added a gold necklace to tie the whole
thing in I've got my gold rings my gold
nail polish from yesterday and then just
tights event my boots are from Topshop
as well kind of annoys me that it's got
a silver zip interesting no gold but
what can you do as for the face makeup I
did a couple little changes I'm gonna do
a post on my blog that's like from day
tonight I just added a tiny little bit
of winged liner just like slightly
winged and some red lipstick and a
little more bronzer that's all I did and
then just gave my hair like a little
refreshing with some of the Dove dry
shampoo just sprayed it all around and
then just fluffed it up and here we are
so this is my finished going out look
should I do another little Twitter you
know looking good mmm
right so why is my TV going on no it's
actually OTN it would have a night
Otan going out look they're going out
you can see the clock it's 8 o'clock 7
g7
oh yeah it's actually seven but we're
just going to the pub the pre pub party
us and then deposit is like this is like
me off the body but opposite the people
yeah it's like pre-party but yeah so
show them your OTN christmas-themed
jeong-ho Gemma's jumper Gemma's jumper
then 7 me well yeah got my all I know I
was wearing the other day because I
think these two especially because this
just cuts impossibly and reveals we here
the 3d yeah lovely I'm black jeans from
cause this is from cause this is from
cause I'm black teas from cause the
jumpers from Primark in case anybody's
wondering yeah and I've got my shoes yes
churches Oxford brogues yeah there you
go you've got very good shoe taste I
know I think so yeah we're just heading
it now to the pub and then to the club
so I was getting ready with his dance
moves but I don't think we'll be
vlogging that much there because that's
just that's just awkward you know I'm
sure I'll be filming a few sneaky shots
of us dance lessons so I will just see
when we get home it could be a late
night for Aslan at one o'clock in the
morning he's saying but I am like what
once it hits like 11 12 I'm I'm about to
come home yeah plus we're all going if I
got bunny tomorrow yeah as was waking up
at 7 tomorrow so it's not gonna be a
long night
we're here for a good time not a long
time I think it's pretty good I don't
know okay we'll see you later
made it home after that Wild Wild Club
experience it's about my phone died so I
don't know what time it is but I know
it's definitely past 1:30 is probably
almost 2 o'clock in the morning which is
a very very very late night for me and
I'm already exhausted I left
Azlan at the club because the man wanted
to party and that was fine with me I
didn't want to bring him down I didn't
want to rain on his parade and he's
there with all of his friends anyway so
you know sometimes a man has got to
party and that is what he's doing I mean
he threw down some pretty crazy moves
and let's let's not joke here I I threw
down some pretty badass notes myself my
ears are ringing like I can I'm talking
but I can't even really hear myself
because it's so loud in there I'm like a
grandma
honestly like going to clubs That's not
me
That's not me at all I never feel
comfortable I don't find it fun I don't
like people go there to let loose but
when I go there I feel so tense I find
it gross when you're like sandwiched
between about a million people and like
the person next to yous like making out
slobbering with their boyfriend or
girlfriend and it's just to me that's
all that's not really my thing but of
course you know I I can have a good time
you know I can have a good time but
anyway I am 23 years old so I suppose
you know going to the club is somewhat
expected for a woman of my age but no no
not really my thing
anyway I'm wrapping it up now I'm
rambling I was really rubbing my eyes
and my nose on the way home so who knows
what I actually look like I'm gonna go
take the day off and I will see you guys
tomorrow
