another day another morning walk with me
or 4-h is never anybody
word he walked him well I already walked
him forgot to bring the SD cards open
Robert but we're gonna vlog his
breakfast I'll be Reggie yes we are and
what does his highness eat for breakfast
he eats 250 grams of fresh minced beef
and I like to break up for him otherwise
if you don't break up food for him he
just eats it into gulps and then I don't
feel like you gets the flavor
it's just wasteful anyway yeah so our
feeding routine for Reggie is 250 grams
of minced beef in the morning and then
total 3 grams minced beef in the evening
and then we always have a little bowl of
kibbles there for him so you can snack
throughout the day if he needs it I
don't know if that's the right way to do
it but raw meat is good for dogs and
then the kibble you know it's got a lot
of different vitamins or whatnot so I
think it's good that he gets a bit of
both throughout the day those like an
away breakfast for me a little bit of
granola this is Lizzie's granola my fave
this is my leftover fruit from yesterday
that I didn't eat because I think we all
know I was a little bit what's the word
just give it up good so I'm gonna just
finish that fruit off and then a glass
of water and I'm trying almond milk in
my cereal I don't know I don't know
about this I just finished getting ready
I did decide to curl my hair today just
my usual method but it's still a little
bit like this I needed to just drop out
a little bit it only takes like maybe an
hour to to get back to like how I would
want to wear it I also did my makeup I'm
thinking of doing a face of the day a
blog post because I quite like my makeup
today I think it's nice so if I do end
up doing a blog post on this look I will
link to it in the description box so
actually I think I definitely will do
that I'm gonna go photograph it right
now in a couple of hours I'm meeting up
with Patricia from Britpop princess
that's such a tongue twister remaining
Ritz pop princess and I'm really excited
about that and we're meeting it to go to
ping pong which is one of my favor
restaurants Oh God I do love a little
bit of dim sum anyway Liberty is right
beside and you probably saw my Instagram
of this palette this is the hourglass
ambient lighting palette and I am going
to try to exchange it today because
first of all the thing is like 55 pounds
like it's very expensive and when I
opened up the package there was like all
these scuff marks on the top of the
package and I'm gonna show you what it
looks like this light is not doing it
justice but you can kind of see here all
around here and here
there's like all these weird scuff marks
okay you can't really tell yeah kind of
like that and a chip right there I don't
know I just think that that's like not
cool considering how much the palette
was but I'll show you the inside of the
palette the inside of the palette is
absolutely fine I haven't used it or
anything
I'm a very particular person and I know
that this will annoy me and it's it
actually is worse in person but I don't
know do you think that that's being a
little bit crazy to go and exchange it I
asked you guys on Twitter the other day
and all of you guys said yes exchange it
and lost you said that your palettes
like these came with all these scuff
marks on so I don't know what the deal
is with that but I'm definitely gonna
try to exchange it today so I'll let you
know what they say I hate trying to
exchange stuff here like in North
America it's so easy to exchange makeup
like no problem you can return it
exchange it but in England you can't
return makeup you can't really like buy
a foundation try it and then take it
back if you don't like it which I know
you can do in America and in Canada as
well so it's really it's a little bit
different and so I'm wondering what
they're gonna say about this but I don't
know I might have to call the scene
because I just don't think that's cool
at all hourglass not cool very exciting
times the male was just delivered and
inside was my nail polish rack I swear I
ordered this like five or six months ago
but I ordered it from China and it was
like the slowest shipping and it was
really cheap and yeah I mean I
completely forgot about it and now you
know isn't it's a beautiful thing when
you order something you know it feels
like years ago and then it comes in
you're like oh yeah I forgot that I even
ordered that I think this holds about 50
nail polishes I want it a shelf put in
in my little makeup room thing because I
have no place to store my nail polishes
and I just want to be able to have them
on display so I'm gonna go upstairs and
put my nail polish in this thing so I
will show you when it's all done
okay so here it is my finished nail
polish stand who knew I had so many nail
polishes but this is my entire nail
polish collection and I didn't really
organize it like perfectly but basically
this top row is red and then it kind of
leads to corals pinks these are kind of
like nude sort of more nudes over here
blues greens grays some pastel shades
here and then this front row is
basically all of the colors that I'm
kind of feeling at the moment so I've
got to paint my nails tonight as you can
see so it's probably gonna be from one
of these shades I don't know I'm just so
obsessed with this one this is the nails
ink gel effect polish in Porchester
square I love that so yeah I'm really
pleased with that once I get a shelf up
right there
this baby will be living there so I
think it looks quite cool it's time to
open up day three
let's see Oh spice things up with our
irresistible gingerbread soap let me
smell this Oh
oh that smells good that is so cute
isn't that gingerbread so I didn't even
know they made this so as you guys know
we're spending Christmas with my family
in Canada so obviously we're not going
to have a Christmas tree this year I
mean we didn't even have one last year
it's just like because ashlynn never
really celebrated it and honestly I'm
not the most festive person I don't
really care if we get a tree or not but
I do collect one festive thing and this
just goes to show that my addiction is
real I found my Tim Hortons ornaments oh
my I just love this for all of you
non-canadians Tim Hortons is you can get
like Donuts coffee hot chocolate stuff
like that last year they came out with
these ornaments they might have had them
the year before I can't remember but I
only had three so here's like a little
you know miniature Tim Hortons and then
here's a Tim bit on a sled what's it
called again
toboggan oh my god I'm really losing my
Canadian edge I couldn't even remember
what that was called and I think this
was my first one this is a snowman made
out of Timbits which I think it's still
my favorite one Timbits are kind of like
the middle section of the donut that's
cut out they make those into these
little things called Timbits and they
are amazing you'll see this when we go
to Canada I eat dim bits like they're
going out of style because I can't get
them here so if any of you guys in
Canada know if they came out with more
of these please tell me because I need
to get on that and I'm gonna send my mom
to get them before they run out because
I do like to have them it's very weird I
know but I do like to collect these
things and aslan will probably kill me
when he sees these huh mantle because
this is like his you know his little
work of art he's got his pottery and all
of this perfectly set out the way he
likes it and then I come and put these
here but you know what sometimes a lady
has to take over the household little
Reggie he looks like pregnant or
something his stomach looks massive
poor guy are you sleepy again I think
people don't believe that greyhounds
sleep so much but I read somewhere that
they sleep up to 20 hours a day and it's
so true like he sleeps all day even if I
try to play with them all he wants to do
is sleep so it's fine with me that's
what the man wants to do that's what the
man wants to do I'm just gonna do a
really quick outfit of the day before I
leave I'm just wearing my regular coat
from cause and then I have this really
thick like black sweater on because this
coat only has three-quarter length
sleeves so I need something warmer and
it's quite thin as well so just put this
on underneath and then I'm just wearing
black jeans this sweater which i think
is so cute it has that built into it a
built-in necklace this is from Topshop
jeans are also from Topshop and boots
are from Topshop - they're just like the
ones I wear pretty much every day
there's liberty over there I'm about to
go open up a big old can of whoop-ass
not that hourglass counter so help me
God if they don't exchange it so here I
am with Patricia herself from a little
hop princess I said that earlier but
it's such a tongue twister okay a
message some taster just quote it
Patricia bride Miller that's why it's
not what a complicated bread we just had
a delicious lunch and I actually forgot
to vlog it but yeah we got in the way
basically too much chatting going on so
now we're gonna go shopping really
quickly I just got to go to boots and I
really want to go to Primark as well
they've got this like good morning I
don't want to so we might go there as
well
I'm already at the Maybelline counter
and we're discussing these it's the
Maybelline broke eggs it's like glitter
and we're talking about glitter or no
glitter please hello Megan so I think
I'm gonna go for these okay and what are
these these are must be on you dirty
gray I love this mascara you tried it
okay I love pregnant we found more
sparkles and these have a cute little
bow on them what's that one well that
would look good on its like to time
what's the word do only Rome
we're in Primark and it's love we found
another jumper basically the same good I
think that's the thing with primer can
get the nicest jumpers like how much is
this Fantine afford to go you're good
you're good
wears like a little top coming out so I
specifically came to Primark to get
these face they're like they're not
onesies they're little capes and then on
the hood they have well we think this is
a monkey I'm not so convinced but
they've also got these little sheep
things so I might get a sheep skew yeah
I'm gonna get that one okay Reggie is so
excited to go on his walk he was like
waiting at the door for me to come home
oh he's so this is his element he loves
being outside so I'm gonna take him for
a nice long walk just took Reggie for a
walk and I just realized that he's all
out of beef mints so I've got to go get
him some more from the grocery store
it's like a 10-minute walk not even so I
gotta go feed the beast well he's not a
beast he's a he's a beauty
so I am home for the night now
thankfully I'm actually very tired
I didn't get a very good sleep last
night um but it was so nice chatting
with Patricia she is if you watch her
videos I'll leave a link to her channel
down below of course but if you watch
her videos like she's she's like a
hundred times nicer than even what you
would think like she's such a nice
person and she's so smart and just so
funny and cool I think that's always
nice when you meet youtubers and you
have like a vision of what they're gonna
be like in real life real life
and you know they're even better than
what you think they're gonna be I just I
just like when that happens that's
usually the case anyway
so anyway it was really nice chatting
with her we I mean I talk a lot but I
think today I met my match with her the
girl can talk and I like that in a woman
I like a woman who can chat about things
that aren't boring things that are
actually quite interesting so yeah
overall a good day with her and I hope I
get to see her again soon I just
finished editing the first part of
today's vlog so that's good got that
done and dusted and regi sleeping he
just had his dinner so he's feeling full
and tired and I might go get my pajamas
on because I like to live my life in
loungewear and then I'm gonna show you a
couple of things I got in Primark
and I didn't get a couple of things in
Boots I don't know if I should show you
but I might say that for a little bit of
a video but I will definitely show you
one thing that I got I just decided to
show you guys what I did get in boots if
you care I just got some nail polish
remover because I'm running out this is
the Revlon skin lights and I think this
is just like a cream highlighter or
something like that I'm not exactly sure
I got these Real Techniques brushes
because I've always just kind of like
the look of them I don't know I just
think they might be quite handy and I
don't really have anything like it
and then this oh my god I've been
looking everywhere for this nail polish
it's the Maybelline Color show brocade
nail polish it and I'm gonna paint my
nails with this tonight so I'll show you
guys what it looks like and then this
lip gloss is by Revlon and I only got
this because Patricia was paying for
this and I was like oh my god I love
that color she's like oh yeah I like it
too and I was like zoom right in on the
Revlon um shelf and I grabbed it as I
was paying because I was just like I
love it it is in the shade berry a lure
so I think that is gorgeous I might wear
this tomorrow and then I went totally
cutesy at Primark and I got the sheep
little I don't even know what this is
it's like a robe but it's like a sweater
Reggie's like I like sheep so I got that
and I got these socks more cozy socks
because I'm wearing these ones now and I
love them they're so comfortable they're
like this bubbly material and then I
also got these and
fee sores which I thought were so cute
and I also got a pair of these for Aslan
sister of course she loves Missy so if
you're watching this girl you're ruining
the surprise because I got these for you
of course I couldn't leave little Reggie
out I wanted to get him this it's like a
pillow but you can like you like do it
up like this and it comes undone so that
it's flat and you can like bend it like
this so Azam's always saying that Reggie
needs a pillow to sleep on God we really
do spoil him and he's not interested at
the moment but he will be I'm gonna cut
the tag off and give this to him he is
interested what do you think you're a
new friend oh I like him I like your new
friend if I play with one of his toys he
gets like a thousand times more
interested oh I like this new friend do
you like it too could this be love we'll
see usually it takes him a couple of
weeks to warm up to toys so we'll see if
he likes this oh my god he's biting it
oh she must love it there you go he's
just getting used to his toy now he's
loving it look just pressing it like
it's mine he always it you guys always
do that whatever with the Camrys I was
just like oh isn't that cute yes all you
need guys you don't need any other
footage apart from this anyway I'm back
home now a for snacks you have to go off
again just very briefly for about an
hour so cuz I forgot to do something and
it stays really bad she's not mad at all
she's let's clarify that she is not mad
a tiny little day the mad level is at
zero
I'm a wandering vagabond not an exciting
happy hour
I had a burrito today it was pretty good
I went to bonitos hat we recommended
that Bruce wears a couple times actually
and it was pretty delicious had the
grilled chicken burrito that hot sauce
is really really spicy and had two lines
of it and it was there's some pretty
good stuff and in fact the people I went
with I stole their loyalty stamp so now
I only have two more steps to go for a
free dessert and seven more for a free
burrito oh yeah I definitely for
something like that I like the loyalty
cards where if you go somewhere they
stamp it and then after you get it like
you don't have ten one of those and
they're gonna give you free what I like
those long-ago fruition yes right there
anyway so yeah yeah but he just had it
was great I've got the loyalty points is
all grand but yeah I have to go now so
I'll see you guys here I just finished
painting my nails and the lighting is a
little bit weird so it doesn't look
amazing but it looks amazing in person I
absolutely love it and I'm not a huge
glitter person it just looks so cool
so I layered it up with a little bit of
this barium jelly high shine nail paint
this is the shade light cheap really
nice neutral base and then I just put
one coat of this stuff on it which again
is one of the Maybelline Brocade things
brocade nail polishes in knitted gold I
will show you guys what this looks like
in daylight tomorrow because I think
it'll look a lot better but overall I'm
really impressed with it yes I am
watching Modern Family once again once
again as something I always say that we
are like cam and Mitch obviously I'm cam
and obviously he's Mitch I feel like I
don't see you till today isn't it yeah
I'm sorry my lady I've seen you either
buddy I'm sorry about that yeah who
cares about your lady he's getting so
Christian
playing with his new toy yeah he likes
his new toy I just want to say something
before you wrap it up for the night yeah
I didn't finish the hourglass pallet
story previously on our glass story yeah
a state takes it to this door yeah I
said I just like walking to Liberty on
my own but to open up a can of whoop-ass
and then obviously no can of whoop-ass
was perfect so I got to the counter and
I was like I'd like to change something
they were completely sold out of the
hourglass palette they were not getting
any more back in it's a limited-edition
thing she can give me my money back
but I'll probably never get another one
of those pallets and she said that the
entire shipment that they got from
California was scratched on the top she
said some were worse than others and I
showed her mind and she said mine is
actually one of the better ones but she
said some were like completely scratched
and they don't even know why because
they were all in boxes it's just really
weird and so I decided packaging yeah
it's just
and then so she so I just decided to
keep it but it's just something it's
just gonna annoy me an annoy me what is
this over here
what did you just deposit over here look
at this look at this these cables is
everywhere how does he do it how does
this even happen and then he just
started eating it I was like oh I don't
know little girl you know what I saw him
doing earlier he just stuck his nose
into the bottom of the bowl and just
started moving his nose around oh I
think he likes the attention that he
gets what he doesn't we painted him too
much I feel like maybe would be the most
people said that we shouldn't make a big
deal out of when we leave like we should
just ignore him and just okay how do you
like my nail polish tell me the truth do
you like it it's gold it's black
oh it's a keeper it's pretty good it's
pretty good I like it
Maybelline this thing huh why are you
sitting right here next to easy is it
cuz you know is it cuz you know that
you've been missing me so do you have to
say no I am now get into my pajamas
relax oh yeah we will see you guys
tomorrow
um tomorrow's a long busy day actually
yeah oh yeah tomorrow will be a long
busy day although I hopefully I should
be back like latish afternoon so you'll
be in a bit more of the blogging oh I
will take over if you can believe it
we're going like probably like to a club
we are going to a little gathering of
friends it's gonna be horrible dancing
and a horrible pic at any club so I
think all of the girls are wearing heels
which I was like oh is this thing gonna
do that way so with wedge boots I don't
have what you call your boots always
boots well wedges are like when it it's
all connected
oh well whatever we'll just the way to
boot plus the paw in the middle that's
missing anything else Ted no I think
that's it I'm really just gonna wash my
face
that's that I've gotta finish typing up
this blog posting yeah alright see you
tomorrow guys no
