regi are you sleeping
oh good morning reg good morning Rick
Reggie already went for a walk Aslan
took him but he's pretty sleepy so I
think he's probably gonna be sleeping
all day
as per usual Reggie hello buddy
okay there he goes
usually Reggie's a little more excited
than that but he must be completely
tuckered up and I heard him snoring so
he's very very sleepy um it's pretty
early once again it's not even 9 o'clock
yet but I've already had a shower I've
gotten ready which is good um I can't
lie I'm a little bit nervous and I
wasn't even going to put this in the
vlog because of possible embarrassment
I'm doing my theory test to get my UK
driver's license and I'm so nervous I
have my Canadian driver's license I got
that like on my 16th birthday and I you
know have been driving ever since
basically and so that was like basically
four years of driving before I moved to
England so that was all good I've got my
full Canadian license but now that I
live in England I've got to do the test
again if you just visit England as a
Canadian I think you can drive here but
once you actually live here you need to
take the test again or I could hand over
my Canadian licence and basically trade
it in but that does really make sense
for me because then when I go back to
Canada can I even drive I don't know I'd
rather just get my license and God knows
I need the training so the test I'm
taking today is just the theory tests or
just the written test questioning you
all about the street signs and blah blah
blah I haven't done very much studying
in fact I only studied last night I used
the app and I have the books and
everything but to me it's not common
sense like the signs here aren't like I
don't think you could just look at it
and know what it is like you have to
actually know what it is unless it
obviously it says it on the sign and
there are some other rules that it's
just like you just need to know them I
should have just been studying and
course it's on the opposite side of the
road then Canada so whenever they ask
you which way would you give way you
know you have to think is it left or
right because you're in the left lane
and you're on the opposite side of the
car it's it's so confusing to me so if I
pass today it will be a miracle and I
was asking you guys on Twitter last
night if any of you guys failed your
driving test so many of you failed so
many people on Twitter failed so it kind
of makes me feel better that if I fail
it's not too embarrassing I just hope I
don't fail because I probably will still
be embarrassed oh the other thing is
there's like a hazard test so they show
you a video of somebody driving and
you've got to use this clicky thing to
mark whenever there's a hazard I just
hope my past I just really hope I pass
one other thing I wanted to say is that
I have a stain on my sweater right here
can you see that I was just eating a
strawberry and it dripped and please can
we just ignore it because this is my
most comfortable sweater and I really
really really want to wear it today I
was thinking like oh do I have to change
now can I put the sweater in the vlog
but this is real life you know sometimes
I'll walk around with a strawberry stain
it's not a big deal it probably isn't a
big deal but I'm making a big deal of it
but yet just because you're wondering
nice little strawberries day I failed
this is a humiliating day for me I can't
lie I don't know what to do with myself
I'm wandering around I don't know how to
get home
you know I I might just have to stand
here for a while because very upset very
upset very embarrassed the fact that
this had happened during vlogmas is
depressing
I am an idiot I feel very stupid but you
know what when I get home I'm going to
explain how this happened and now I'm
past feeling sad I'm feeling fury so
wait till I get home I'm going to tell
you all about how I failed why I failed
I have half a mind to write a letter to
these people it was not my fault
everybody says does oh how how why how
do I get home where am I I have no sense
of direction
goodbye found this pretty big
they were doing their horn before I'm
finally home now I have to say I'm still
just as angry as I was about an hour ago
when I was wandering around when I lived
in Canada when I turned 16 I did my
written test I passed the first time
then I did my driving test actual one
right in the car passed the first time
so this is making me feel very stupid
but when I was actually looking at the
test results you can see like how many
got wrong I got almost all of the theory
questions right so when you do multiple
choice I think there was 50 questions
and I got 46 or 47 right so I was right
on the money there I mean I do have a
brain but then it comes to the hazard it
basically the hazard is they show you a
screen of somebody driving and hazards
pop up like a car will pull out or
something and that will turn into a
hazard the guy before I went and said
don't go clicking crazy when you see the
hazard just click once and then I was
like okay he's like so don't go clicking
a million times when you see the hazard
aiesec because then the computer will
think you're cheating so I said okay and
then when I started the hazard part it
said click when you see the hazard and
then it just basically like showed all
these random circles and I think it also
said click once the hazard leaves and
then I was like well the guy told me to
click it once now you're telling me to
click it twice so I just clicked it once
and if you actually look at my test
results I think it's like you have to
get 50 to pass and on my test results I
think I got like 27 or something like
that so it's like half of what you
should get so if I would have just
freaking clicked twice I would have
passed and it go again and I'm gonna
click that freaking Mouse twice so I'm
gonna book another test I guess you know
get back on that horse but since so many
of you said you failed as well I don't
feel as bad so annoying so freaking
anyone would listen to that guy so I
don't know next like when I go back into
the test again I'm going to ask for a
100 percent clarification do I click
once or do I click twice if any of you
guys have failed your driving tests
in the UK please tell me and try to make
me feel less like a fool because I'm so
annoyed right now so I'm gonna book
again the thing is like it took me a
month to get this test so I'm gonna have
to book again probably for like January
so I'm gonna eat my lunch and then see
and by the way I stopped at pret I
couldn't resist the thought of cooking
maybe you want to just curl up in a ball
I hate cooking I got some soup this is
the pret ham hock soup apparently just
like ham and vegetables and I also got
this juice this is the green tea and
peach like it's not juice it's just
green tea with peach I got some fruit as
well pineapple wedges going on his
lunchtime stroll is this his favorite
time of day because there's always cats
around here he's on the prowl we've got
a cat situation here this cat is always
around and it is terrifying Reggie come
on come on
he I don't even know what Oh God
the cat is making a sound come on rich
come on just ignore the cat come on I
don't want to get too close in case come
on buddy don't worry everyone I'm back
to my positive normal self I've cooled
down calm down I realized I was making a
big deal out of nothing well it wasn't
nothing but okay don't get me going
again um I did rebook my test for um I
can't over the exact date but it is like
in a couple of weeks so if I don't pass
it the second time then we're gonna have
an issue but I was thinking of opening
up my advent calendar from the body shop
now where's number two right here so
let's just see what's inside oh man this
is like a full-sized
product isn't it this it says butter up
and get ready for the mistletoe that's
really nice it's a strawberry lip balm
that's really cool
I got this what is this I got this pro
style ista wave and shine styler and it
was only ten pounds it was originally
fifty so I don't know I just kind of
thought it was cool and I
wanted to test it out because if it
looks good I might do a tutorial with it
I've never used anything like this so
I'm just gonna go heat it up and give it
a try I just put some of this dub heat
defense in my hair and I'm just waiting
for this to heat up it's actually
heating it pretty quickly I don't know
if you guys can even see this but I'm
hoping you can so you just take this
thing wonder how high up I should start
here pretty cool actually I think with
practice this could look quite cute let
me just try this other side I think if I
section my hair properly this would be a
lot better but this is just trial trial
and error bit of a fail bit of a fail
I'm just going to try it with like a
really small section okay I think that's
definitely the key make sure you brush
the hair out first use a pretty small
section yeah I think that actually looks
really good I think if I did my whole
head properly it would be nice I think
the only thing I don't like is like this
crit mark here so maybe I've got to
start lower down I don't know what do
you think now I'm gonna put my hair down
look like an absolute fool well get
prepared to look at me like this for the
rest of the day little bit crazy but you
know something different I just typed up
a post about the ultimate brush
collection from the body shop so this
interests you you can check out my blog
se button com
I just finished editing two videos
actually look at me go me one is a
Christmas gift guide video which is a
little bit late in the game like my word
the YouTube Beauty people got on those
Christmas gift guides in like November
that's okay I finished editing it so
hopefully that will go up this week I
also finished another one which was the
perfect palette tag so I filmed that a
while ago but I just finished editing it
today now I'm just taking a break and
I'm watching Ingrid or Miss Lynn Rossi
and I can't even really contain my
excitement because there you are Ingrid
if she's watching she's probably not
watching I'm watching her like a little
announcement thing where she saying that
she's doing DIY December
and I'm so excited because well first of
all girl that's a lot of work that's a
lot of work so all the power to you but
I'm really excited to see it and I think
she's already got one up which is the
DIY snowflake brush holder I'm going to
type up a couple of blog posts I was
going to take some photos today but it
is like it's not really dark outside but
it's probably too dark to take
photographs so I'm just going to type up
the post that I've already photographed
so that should take a little bit and by
that time it'll be ready dinnertime I
will report back when I have something
interesting to say well nothing I say is
really that interesting but if I have
something to say I'll come back to you
I'm just about to take little reg man
out on his dinnertime walk he's like
really ready to get going so let me get
his leash on get you a shot if you
remember in yesterday's vlog you'll
remember that Aslan made homemade hummus
so why don't you watch the clip from
yesterday now and I will resume later
when I'm back from walking Reggie I'm
gonna make some fresh hummus so why
don't I show you guys how to make some
fresh hummus if some of you don't know
how to make it it's very easy all you
need to blend out a few things and it
always tastes better than the stuff you
buy in the supermarket so what you need
is two cans of chickpeas for some reason
I've got a Waitrose and as the guy don't
know why four cloves of garlic you need
some olive oil so you swinging pine nuts
but I've just got half a cup of toasted
sunflower seeds which is fine some
tahini and the juice of two lemons the
first step drain the chickpeas of water
then in the in the blender and then you
want to add four tablespoons of tahini
once that's all in there you want to
just process that for about two to three
minutes on a high speed then you want to
juice those two lemons and then add
about a third of a cup of water to that
add all this into the blender now you
want to blend for another couple of
minutes or so and after those two
minutes it should look nice and smooth
like here and then you can transfer that
into a bowl add some olive oil just on
top to drizzle and a few of those
toasted sunflower seeds
and that's it delicious delicious
homemade hummus ah hello back home long
day today kind of stressful photos
alright in the end wasn't a rich so what
have you guys been up to with this day
how much is that so nothing's been going
on it's all today nothing whoa what do
you think of my resolve what results are
you keeping it in the rug then okay
alright well I honestly don't think it's
a big deal because hey she didn't really
revise that much for it
be I I pass the part where you need to
revise for yeah yeah it's just a hazard
perception which by the way I was
freaking sand she just trusted this guy
than the official how-to guy you parked
there and he was telling you how to do
everything
he worked then well he screwed you over
this might be like wasn't is some random
guy he's like don't go clicking crazy
just click once if you click too many
times it'll it'll fail you yeah what do
you think about this Reggie should I go
should we take up action against that
guy goodbye I think what I'm gonna do is
when I go back I'm just gonna say listen
up buddy I'm gonna say it just like that
you screwed me over last time but now
I'm just insane do you click once when
the housing comes out like when a car
comes out and then click again when the
hazard is gone or do you just click once
well we all know what happens when you
just click once you freakin fail I stay
failed this test it's not a big deal
she's gonna rebook it she's gonna do it
soon she's gonna try and get some hazard
perception training and it's all gonna
be jolly if she's making this much of a
big deal in hoo-ha about the theory test
imagine the practical its that's gonna
be something else so it's uh I think
it's feeding time
I have marinated some chicken meat being
die yeah
cooking time feeding time I did marinate
some chicken last night some before we
make that so what change little pajamas
and I actually cook dinner most guys
been away she whatever look what we're
having tonight
very impressive once again is it ready
to ever turn it off why do you ever just
turn off that charm I just like to cook
I didn't turn off the cooking we go wash
I did have a quite
period of time where I didn't cook
actually didn't cook for maybe like
three months so which is a little bit
weird and then look but now which is the
period of time where we ordered Chinese
takeaway constantly everyday but now I'm
back on it you know I'm trying to be a
lot healthier so those people who kind
of make it happen so we've got a
beetroot carrot and apple salad and
rocket and we've got citizen rocket and
then then we've got some chicken has
been pan-fried I married this overnight
it's um it was a teaspoon of Greek
yogurt it was two teaspoons of harissa
paste and it was like pureed garlic and
a little bit of onion I really chopped
it up finely and marinated it overnight
pan-fried that I'm having yesterday
salad which was be true and cabbage and
Apple and then we're having the ermis
and like motor from last night as well
oh is this guacamole you know kind of
guac guac II that's cool
I'm holding this it already would ya
could there be a whit away can I just
show can I just show how holy it oh so
my camera up like that
that is just Riley again there we go so
yeah that's our dinner I think we're
gonna watch someone thumb hell yeah we
are
Netflix here we go I stay it's tempting
to draw edgy but I like the tail hotels
nice and long with good music cat face
hair is here if you see this would you
think that's a dog with some sort of
weird catfish duck hi red when you can
you guys see the resemblance there he is
sitting down hmm I think it's good now
let's drive me
it looks like it says reg G reg gie
yo my name is ready tid you bet
represent you best understand you guys
recognize did I can't recognize that way
GIH GIH
so just clean the kitchen look at that
beautiful coming out look at these
dishes
I actually prefer to wash dishes by hand
and put them in dishwasher I think it's
faster more economical so Reggie's beat
as always just sleep in sleep in those
troubles away
nice work Reggie move on I got to put
this poster in this frame maybe waiting
for this frame for ages because this put
posters proportions so we'll have to get
a specially made one just for the poster
so I'm very excited to see how will look
in sit you Dada
here it is in its frame very long
basically a poster from the 70s 80s
about Danish furniture design what else
would it be about yeah I like it nice
and tall and thin which is unusual I
think for poster so yeah it's gonna
figure out a place to put it now there's
just one more small little print and I
put in just in case somebody asks for
room service we can point them to this
and we got this from a little store
called one must - I remember if it's one
must - comma dot DK put a link down
below so I've been tasked with ending
tonight's vlog and finally I have the
skill for it I'm a good ender I finished
well
um so yeah oh no one shall say you know
we're pretty tired it's like 10 o'clock
now probably watch some telly I'm gonna
browse the net you know catch up on some
emails and head our way down to the Land
of Nod I stays doing exciting things
tomorrow I think you guys will be
looking forward to that why he knew
you'd be excited don't say how are you
how excited are you okay yeah well there
you go you don't have to wait that long
you only have to wait till tomorrow
because we're in vlogmas yay yeah oh I
like to seem like I'm Haiti I'm not I'm
actually enjoying it I'm actually loving
love this new are your vlog was lovely
okay what are you ready here enjoying
vlogmas snork you agree ah there you go
let's rage okay
- tomorrow guys bye
