good morning Reggie Reggie are you
excited for vlogmas are you excited for
vlogmas reg he's like not really what is
it
here's my attempt at showing some
enthusiasm happy vlogmas everyone but
does that is that like what people do
you know you want me to start doing that
every day
not gonna happen today is day one of
vlogmas and I have to say I'm pretty
freaking excited about this
and I know it may not seem like it
because it is well it's not too early it
is 936 on a Sunday morning and oh my god
I really did not want to get out of bed
this morning oh it was a struggle and my
bed was so comfortable and I was so warm
and then ya had to get up we've got some
plans for this morning we'll be leaving
in about 10-15 minutes but I'll let as
Lynne explain that he's actually
upstairs beautifying he just got out of
the shower and I went into the bathroom
to get some shoes for my hair and I see
him opening up my coconut body butter
and I just looked at him like he was
like oh I was just no I'm not using it I
was just looking at it you know but yeah
yeah he's got dry skin too me and Reggie
are just hanging out before we've got to
go I need to leave him but you know he
should be okay just for a couple of
hours he's so cute last night I watched
I made the mistake of watching the end
of Marley & Me and I was sobbing like
I've seen that movie before a couple of
times but for some reason last night it
was just I mean Who am I kidding every
time I'm just like sobbing and crying
damn that movie is so sad and I was like
I don't get it it's just a movie about a
dog oh no it's not just a movie about a
dog I think I might try to go get some
breakfast the reason why I didn't start
this vlog in the kitchen is because you
guys should see the amount of dishes
that are in the sink like dirty dishes
it's sick because I just didn't feel
like doing them last night Aslan didn't
feel like doing last night they just
didn't get done so I've got a got
soare thought out today I hate having
dirty dishes in the sink hello my
favorite boy my God he's so cute I just
love him so much
poor reg knows we're leaving good
morning everybody
Sunday morning are you excited I am very
excited for vlogmas and I can't believe
that we're up so early on a Sunday but
the reason because we're going to the
modern show at damage now if you don't
know what Lana show is basically when
lots of mid-century Furniture dealers
get together and then they show off
their wares and the one in dollars of
December is the biggest one of the year
it is the event to go to if you are
interested in mid-century design Danish
desserts like this is like in the
calendar no matter what we're going so I
am very very excited so yeah that's
gonna be a big big thing for me and I
stay just wants to do a quick outfit of
the day before we go
yeah that's dude oh oh TD I've got on my
favorite necklace from monkey I
seriously wish I bought like a million
of these because if this ever broke I
might die and then I just have this
really tight sweater on from Topshop
it's just a really light knit and it's
like kind of stretchy but I just think
that's good because when I tuck it into
the skirt it doesn't bulge everywhere at
the sides here this skirt is from ASOS
I'll do a little spin so you can see
it's quite it has like a little bit of a
flare out but nothing nothing crazy so
it is kind of like a quite uh what's the
word pencil yeah pencil skirt kind of
thing and then I just got tights and my
boots are from Topshop
Reggie's better I'm just looking
yourself in a corner rich he knows
what's going yeah everything's can cause
literally my whole outfit right now it's
pretty much Adams entire wardrobe
because this just Navy coat which I like
it's quite thin it's waterproof and it
looks I think he looks smart yeah I love
my coat and I have his Navy jump balls
all of these have orangey rusty rusty
canonical speckles throughout it I got
some maroon trousers I think the navy in
the maroon works well together and then
it has just oh yeah my brown shoes
that's chic that's chic right there some
Navy sucks you know and Reggie's got his
boots on he's got his nice tiger print
coat on oh yeah that's what I always in
fair
don't worry reg we'll be home soon he's
like don't leave going to was me I was
recording he's like if I stretch will
you stay okay anyway we have to go
because we're running late so here we
are at Dulwich College is a lovely
private school in South London
it's got some whoo all the type of
buildings so we're now making our way
trying to find where this entrance is to
the show
here's some cute little kid stuff little
tiny tables and all the little chair
so I stay as struck as she struck a
first victim of the day she's purchasing
yeah so I've discovered a new company I
guess this is an exclusive right here so
the brand name is cam and I like but
like I said I was like handmade like
handmade everything and I'll just like
show you a couple things that we bought
so look at these little tea towels it's
so cute and all of them have little
animals in it so here's a bunny jumping
on a trampoline I just really like them
so if you're watching this vlog you
could be getting some Christmas presents
from here and they're sold online I'll
put a link to this in the description
box and I think yes
so I'll link this below because it's
love it's love but also stay found this
discovery Crawford State that's me this
is a thing of beauty right here I'm
obsessed with tape
I love copper copper tape
okay so far I mean I haven't found any
necessary I'm looking for furniture the
only thing I'm looking for is a small
lamp
no no luck there yet but I'm enjoying it
there's some lovely pieces a lovely
little for you
armchair so she's very nice which we
don't need as we don't need but is very
nice a little independent shops we I
think the speech is quite out of
contemporary designers local little
small things like cars your recently
yeah I just love when people make
handmade cards that's like my weakness
if it's handmade and hand printed I'm
like all over that so we'll link to
everything in the description oh yeah
why do you go ahead I decided to go for
a slice of carrot cake a little a little
break in between the two buildings that
hosts the show
so we are done with the main hole so
we're now moving on to the second one
which is just a little bit further down
that way I know it's not I think all the
PS they resist and stuff is in the first
of all in the second always a little bit
more shall we say small I think smaller
things like you like favorite term
around small small as well it's a
technical term we feature antique
dealino small items I don't like big
pieces of matter have a look here I've
eaten a lot of carrot cake in my life
song I love carrot cake so cold like
it's like ice cold cake but hmm is as
you said very moist oh yes as I had
suspected it's filled with smalls
but some furniture some fun it's I
love small that's my favorite I supposed
to well only if they candleholders oh I
like we've got a little mirror
associates desk here watch out guys as
they love something trap didn't work out
again did you say drat yeah so that that
orange blanket isn't for sale but it's
okay I say it's got the website name so
you don't hear people saying drat no oh
yeah everybody might feel like the
Scooby Doo like Drac yeah this is
arguably in my favorite piece of British
mid-century design this alcohol kind of
children's second chair discussion that
emerged from our normal weird social
awkwardness it's just a social
awkwardness not mine I hate going in for
the hug double cheek kiss so what I do
is sweet yeah and it's they just really
upset they're upset for confused as to
why people in England just can't accept
the wave you know just accept the way
there's a way of greeting why must they
go for the handshake or for the double
kiss you know what why does the physical
contact so the person knows that I have
no weapons
oh no I think I read something that the
reason why how the handshake I'm about
is you shook somebody's hand with your
dominant hand and I was to show that you
had your you don't have anything in your
hand that could possibly hurt them and
you're saying you cuz I come in peace
like you know that sort of thing yeah
yeah there you go
we've done all three holes now I'm gonna
go back to the original hole because a
few things they're kind of calm I'm
gonna go back and look at them again
sooner we're going into round 2 yeah
exactly
so I think we just done the round to go
around second time so I'm gonna head
home now they're ahead of us a lot of
work to do five by one so dollars 2013
we ran into our friends and they have
hyouta stars look how cute
she's soft Reggie's on the loose hey
buddy
you're glad we're home he's loving and
walking I had to wake him up just to go
for this walk so lazy Sunday for reg the
clip is back oh yeah baby get used to
this clip because it's gonna be around
for a very long time I am God like how
do I get so tired like it's not even
like I think it's yeah it's about 1:30
but I'm already like oh god I just
wanted like watch TV all day but I guess
that Sunday's for you isn't it
now on my blog occasionally I do a
little series called Sunday stuff and
that's where I choose all the products
that I'm going to be relaxing with on
Sunday because Sunday is usually my spa
night so at the moment I'm just trying
to figure out some products that I might
be using tonight try to get them
together take a photo and then do a
little blog post I don't really like to
plan them in advance because I want to
actually blog about the things I will be
using so sometimes they go up slightly
late on Sunday or even sometimes on
Monday but I think it's better than just
making random stuff up and then being
like oh yeah I'm gonna use this on
Sunday but really I photographed this
two weeks ago and I'm not gonna use it
at all that's just crazy
I'm off to school to become a few bits
and pieces yes as London needs to go get
some milk and I could have gone but to
be honest I just didn't feel like it and
I've learned valent eared so I don't air
yes they gave me the look cause they
don't like
let it go otherwise you know what's
gonna happen oh come on what's gonna
happen be know you're not gonna get
beaten so these are the products I
settled on for my Sunday stuff post and
I can't wait to relax with these items
later if you want to know more about
that you can check out my post by the
time this vlog is up that post will be
up as well and I really just need to get
tidying up because the place is a
disaster war zone Reggie
you've made this into a war zone we
don't mind
we don't mind ever since I saw Marley &
Me last night I just I don't want to
ever scold Reggie because he's perfect
but anyways speaking of Reggie though I
need to brush his teeth today
normally Aslan does that but today he
says that I need to man up and do it and
I'm really dreading it and I might brush
his fur again as well just for that is
that okay with you reg he's that okay
she's like why don't you just let me
sleep
it's Judy's life you're gonna pull me
through this pile of dishes oh but I I
need to catch up on Judy's vlogs like
right now an advent calendar situation
has arisen I wanted to get oven
calendars in November and as one second
he was on it he was gonna get like these
really fancy ones you did say that and
then he I asked last night I was like
when did those like I think calendars
coming the mail and he's like oh I
didn't order them and I was like
tomorrow's the 1st of December and we
don't have an advent calendar Aslan says
he doesn't really care about advent
calendars so whatever I just sent him
out to get I said oh like when you're in
Tesco just get us to advent calendars
from the store and he comes back with
one for me you say well I wouldn't so
anyway now I've got two advent calendars
this is the one from the body shop
and this is like a massive one this is
like a beauty advent calendar though but
you know it's not Christmas until you've
got a chocolate one so that's open
number one right over here see what's
inside
we have a miniature strawberry shower
gel it's cool I'm tempted just to open
this whole thing up but I won't say yeah
I've got this to look forward to a month
long and then this is the calendar aslan
just got I have a feeling you'll be
running back to get another one for
yourselves
so let's look you here's number one and
I have a hefty open this thing open it
yeah now if you eat this chocolate
something oh it's a little tree oh isn't
that cute oh pretty good jolly family so
never celebrate Christmas without a
Christmas cone wait till those open
presents on the 25th they came out so
yeah already ingrained in me I think
like if you don't grow up with Christmas
like this stuff just means nothing but
when you do grow up with it it's just
like I know it's just like something
that you did when you were a kid so you
just want to carry it on I guess I don't
know we can do every other day with the
advent calendar if you want you can have
tomorrow okay I thought you wanted it so
I just went to Tesco are you interested
in seeing what I got probably not gonna
tell you anyway
some chicken the meat chicken and then
mince beef for Reggie I've been meaning
to go to the butcher and just buy like
five kilograms of cheap mince beef but I
just haven't had the time so if you
invite him this stuff which is not
really the best value for money but oh
well at least he's getting nice beef and
we've got some other bits and pieces and
salami I'm gonna make a sandwich at the
moment I'm starving
yeah I got these actually ever mint
leaves I think it's just peppermint tea
but if I can describe as the leaves kind
of gun and they're got me they got me
and I was like I like the idea of this
and then you know that's it really
you've got some veg I don't wanna make
we're gonna make sort of grilled chicken
I wanna make some hummus as well today
yeah yeah that makes me some make some
fresh bread for that love you know be
nice so yeah I haven't a girl on that
right now cuz I'm starving any some
lunch I just made myself a lovely little
cup of tea it's about three o'clock in
the afternoon now and usually around
this time I get so sleepy I don't know
why it's just always at 3 o'clock I just
wanted to show you everything that I got
at the modern show today I didn't get
that much stuff but I thought I'd still
show it anyway so you guys saw this
stuff at the store called ham while it
was in a store but the stall called ham
and these are little tea towels and I
just think the print is so cute so I got
this one and I got this one as well I'm
gonna give these away as gifts I'm so
tempted to keep them but yes I'm gonna
give them away as gifts because I just I
think they're so unique and I absolutely
love them so once again I'll put the
link to her online store down below
obviously you guys saw this tape here
this is copper tape and I got two of
these seriously I love tape so much I
was looking online the other day and
there was like this big buck set of
washi tape and it was like well it was
like a box of washi tape and it must
have been over a hundred pounds to buy
it but it was like every pattern of
washi tape a woman could ask for a woman
or man could ask for I also got a
necklace which I wasn't planning on
getting oh that's not it come on come on
this is the necklace so it's on a long
silver chain and then it's got this
copper piece here and then this little
navy blue part at the bottom and I just
I just really like that necklace and
then I also got this little thing to
clean it this is just what does it
double zero steel wool just to like make
you know this copper obviously tarnishes
if it just keeps it nice and shiny and
coppery
this is the business card from where I
got the copper tape and the
necklace it's cold I think the actual
store is lovely yet lovely pigeon calm
but then I guess the collection is like
metals because obviously it's using
copper copper the metal yeah it's just
just double-checking and I know that the
you know on the periodic table yeah I
know the short form for copper oh god I
hope this is it is it see you I hope you
don't know off by heart oh my god that's
like the type of thing you'd know see
you oh yeah
are you like really turned on by my
brains we'll ask me another one
gold oh that's hard gold it has a K in
it doesn't okay so guys it's been a long
time since I brushed up on my periodic
table fact ask me another I'm just gonna
go follow her on Twitter now Oh
followed by tea pigs so I'm just gonna
follow you Pam I am now following you I
stays over there editing already editing
she's on it you know pretty much the
night before for it to go up the next
morning you know and I'm just cooking
I've been an estate boy now being
cooking for a while
but no better thing to do than cook on a
Sunday right I just got back from taking
little Reggio on a little walk kind of
chilly out there not gonna lie
Aslan did film his recipe for how he
makes hummus but since this blog is
already so long I think I'm just gonna
input that into tomorrow's blog and I'm
gonna end this now because I've just got
to do some tidying up I'm gonna take a
bath and just relax for the rest of
Sunday evening right this is my purchase
from Mancha oh yeah shoot with luck safe
tapered candles
I'm a big fan of these things which are
these dance candle holders the problem
is because the hole is so small you
can't really get candles from very
easily
yeah ones you can get are these the old
Danish ones but they're like 40 years
old unless it seems like a shame too to
use them up so you got these which they
are too big but what you can do is that
you can just shave down the ends a
little bit pop it down and round
so-called yeah then you could actually
put make one all hold up yeah that would
look quite cool so yeah you were quite
pleased that you found those yeah
because for the vintage ones and I just
find I think it's a shame - yeah so that
they make these from scratch things and
you may assess it so we hope you enjoyed
log mess today one stick around because
we will be vlogging every day until
Christmas which is a little bit crazy
yes so I guess we'll see you tomorrow
bye say bye bye
