hello again world I am back for another
vlog Aslan is here as well
glaring at me and and I kind of wasn't
planning on vlogging today but I thought
I would anyway it's about 11 o'clock in
the morning I've showered got ready
we both had breakfast and now I'm going
to brush little Reggie because he is
shedding like a beast aren't you aren't
you so I'm going to get his little brush
and I just discovered that we have a
brush called the furminator
that right the Furminator eye I think
that's a clever name don't you like like
I just I like that so I'm gonna take him
outside and brush him because as I said
the mofo really knows how to shed so
come on Reggie let's go you ready reg he
actually doesn't mind being brushed but
this you can see this brush is like kind
of like a cat comb so I'm just really
gentle because greyhounds have pretty
sensitive skin but like okay that was
one swipe you can see how much fur comes
off and we mentioned this in our last
vlog and a lot of you guys said you just
need to brush him more so that is what
I'm gonna be doing because every time he
like stands up and like shakes you can
see the fur coming off him in the air is
this too much information for you guys
this is a lot of fur Reggie's being a
very good boy standing still so I'm just
going to continue on the brushing
marathon Aslan just went to pet him
after I just thoroughly brushed him and
all this hair still came out and Aslan
was like I'm surprised he hasn't gone
bald as you can see I'm getting nothing
back from Aslan this morning
if you remember last weekend I said that
I was working on my essay I'm done the
essay I have to hand it in today but I
just wanted acelin to have a final read
through make sure everything made sense
because towards the end there I was
typing but since I was not making
like YouTube vlog ception can you see me
there okay here we go
so I'm actually in the middle of filming
a what's in my bag video so you can see
that on my beauty channel which is just
a Z button no as one vlogs this is
getting very confusing as you can see
we've got the camera set up right there
this is this is getting crazy up in here
this is like the matrix isn't it but yes
I'm just gonna stop blogging now so you
guys we're just taking Reggie on a quick
little walk before as on a night get
going you don't mind do you Reggie
you just want to sleep alone anyway okay
Reggie has just gone for his walk and
this is what he usually does he just
stands here for about 15 minutes because
I think he feels like he's not allowed
to move but rights you're allowed oh
come on guy you're loud no it's really
weird but eventually yeah okay so Aslan
and I are keeping it cash keeping it
simple keeping it chic with our outfits
today do you want to go first or do you
want me to go first
um you can go first and then copy what
you're doing yeah I was just gonna look
in the mirror dude okay my coat is from
cause I wear it all the time this is a
little cardigan from Primark because
it's freezing outside just a black
t-shirt black jeans and then these are
my kicks my Nike don't know what they're
called azzam says they're Nike or Mike
ID I want to deal with this on the back
right fun fact when I ordered these
shoes it was free option to get
something like engraved will not engrave
but what's the word embroidered
embroidered um of like your initials or
your nickname or something and I was
like that's a little bit lame I don't
want it too but and then the guys like
well do you have a nickname and I was
like I see buttons my nickname and then
I got that embroidered on the backs of
my shoes which I got there sounds like
what eight six months ago and there's
the SE and then there's the button oh
yeah but in a way I think that is so
lame but at the same time I think it's
kind of cool I mean
was free at the time and I was like okay
we're gonna get some personalized shoes
up in this heezy so that's why I think
you're gonna get the embroidery because
it's ID'd okay okay
well you've got the Liberty yeah they're
like the Liberty's print and and like I
personalize this color the mint green
and you know it's quite cool this Nike I
do you think but I haven't actually worn
these - okay this is boring okay let's
go on to Aslan's OOTD and I am wearing
just some black jeans got my favorite
black Nike trainers they're very
comfortable I'm wearing a Stace Canada
sweater a grey scarf and my old man coat
your old man yeah because it's got like
this this flap thing over the front and
discussed this room cause as well yeah
well I braved everything in this outfit
from cause apart from this jumper energy
kind of shoes everything is calcium yeah
he loves calls okay so it is about 130
almost two o'clock I'm starving are you
serving okay yeah and I we fit on this
healthy eating kick as you know and I
just finally feel like I need something
a little more but we're still we're
gonna go back to yell I alone yeah we
remember we went to yellow yellow what
does that mean yellow um I don't know
it's I forget I did know um B I need
some like actual like some you know what
I mean you can only eat salads every day
for so long until again we will be
eating salad that we eating salad but
it's a little bit different it's like a
lot better than the crap I make it home
um you know just variety it's all about
variety in this life I am importing the
video I filmed this morning I just want
to share something that Alan does every
single moment of every single day when
I'm importing something or uploading
something he shuts my laptop it's
because it's unnatural for me to see a
laptop is open and not being used so I'm
instinctively to shut it and how many
times do I scold you for this house like
roughly how many times that would happen
with you
like growing toys twice yeah twice no
this happens every time I'm actually
trying to do something he will shut my
laptop and I'll come and I'll look at
all just be like my laptop is shut
I wonder who did it so it's just beyond
me but anyways I've been trying to
upload this footage the microphone
didn't work for some unknown reason
which is extremely frustrating I won't
even get into that because she's
apparently the SD card was broken and
then this when I was importing this
footage it said some of that was corrupt
so I don't know if every single one of
my SD cards is broken or what the hell
but if this doesn't work and the sound
is horrible I'm gonna have to refill
with this evening which would suck
I hate we filming the same video twice
because I feel like you can never why
are you trying to even say enjoy this
together but they just noticed it's not
I try to make the same jokes it's just I
can't feel like I can't say the same
things like I don't even know what to
say and it's just you know so hopefully
I won't have to refill in the entire
video because I don't I just feel like
that's unnatural Reggie he's still
standing here he's like don't leave me I
think you can tell that way about to go
someone go so he's just not a big fan of
that yeah he's panting he's not he's a
little bit separation anxiety I'm gonna
be gone for about two or three hours so
much Queen yeah I mean the thing with
Reggie's we never leave him longer than
like three hours four hours tops but he
seems to be fine like once we actually
get home he's not worked up or anything
but I think it's just when we actually
leave it's like saying goodbye in an
airport you guys know how emotional that
can be but we're not in an airport and
we're not saying to bye forever I don't
think I think anybody gets emotions you
didn't have one like especially when I
first moved from Canada to England that
was hard
that was a hard time for me the airport
was always emotional mm-hmm like sobbing
weeping like going through security and
falling it was as bad so Alan he's just
take out the rubbish then we're gonna go
for real this time we're not actually
going to lunch just quite yet because I
really wanted to go to this one
exhibition which is about 20th century
architectures called
brutal and beautiful as some examples of
20th century architecture are is at the
Cuadrilla gallery I've never been there
before I think it's in the Hyde Park
Corner in the actual arch or somewhere
nearby the arch so we are now we're just
walking towards High Park on right now
should be there any second
and it is creeping he's preaching and
just to keep everyone updated I am still
starving yep still hungry still Moody
just don't worry we'll get that fixed
soon the only words I say has said is oh
god it's called super I am three sick
when I let the ice wellington arch we
was actually in in the arch and it's not
the quadrille gallery it's the quad Riga
those so we think we're going up these
little turning stairs
we're good so far they always return all
the way hey loser huh yeah the guy who
bought the tickets from was Ruby relaxes
right next an angel away from doing good
like you just look like such a nice
this is Lloyds building unsurprisingly
chosen I've never seen that man tenacity
you don't you can't like if you're
walking around you don't really notice
it constantly as a whole witness
tyranny desist a stable and so far take
prefab
and they were like they came to like
preassembled kitchens bathrooms were
they assembled and then this one let's
see it says this was thought it was
taken in 1996 but no Museum was
interested in like to me as is it was
destroyed at huh let's see that's
something like it's not old enough to be
old but not yeah yeah well that's why
this I think not like a major spiritual
in this exhibition is that all these
buildings are built in the 60s 70s and
80s have started now to receive grade
listed status in the UK which if the
building gets a great listen stays it
becomes essentially protected from
future anything it's like creating a
future destruction or major innovation
works so and I think the fact that these
buildings are getting green this is
status just means that people are now
trying to recognize and blesses just
being ugly concrete blocks and more kind
of like as being amazing architecture
part of history this is my favorite
these from this bar we're gonna stay in
London I love love the Barbican estate
maybe one day we'll live there this room
is full of 3d models just in the
comments over last fall of people were
like what this asking to do is he an
architect I'm not detecting fortune I
wish I was that's pretty cool don't look
at these models
let's see this picture farming farming
is amazing very much century's aesthetic
inspired needle grouse here is a chronic
Tower arguably London's most
controversial building they go where out
now and it turned out it was in the in
the arch she would have thought that
would be enough space but it was a
little compact and tight in there but it
did kind of work I think I actually
really liked it I think it's like the
case with me and everything I always
think like and then I get there and then
it's actually really interesting so I
think that's like you know we're getting
deep up in here that's the lifeless nice
yeah well I always like to think
whenever I take into a museum I try to
pick it out for something party yeah
you'd like it
as long as it's not to drag out I love
it but if it's like six hours in a
gallery I'm like six hours are more than
half an hour I stay seriously which is
she's like oh I don't know let me know
like it's not that I'm not interested
it's just that I've not the type of
person to stare at something and ponder
it for hours
because I just I - it's not quería but
I do enjoy doing these things if you are
interested in architecture at all anyway
you should go and see it but by the time
we upload this is probably gonna close
but I think it closes on Sunday oh yeah
there will be another one not exactly
the same but I think it's called
it's almost lost almost lost London's
buildings loved and loathed I am a
straight up obsessed with these pink
things now what are they does anyone
know I thought it was it awesome things
with Beats now he doesn't think you need
I think it's like zucchini or cucumber
it's definitely pickled something maybe
like a Mooney like a moody counseling we
don't know if you guys know tell me it's
good to find out these things actually
Turner's done it and I need to make do
that home like anybody I want to make
them
hey Ritchie come here aah skidding pass
and no aah so I'm just looking at this
video that I filmed this morning the
footage from the camera said it was
corrupt and then I was like no no no no
no it is so frustrating but then I
deleted that and then I closed Final Cut
Pro I reopened it and then it worked so
ok that is one small victory right then
and there
I really want to try to get this video
edited and uploaded for tomorrow and
then I have a couple of articles I've
got to read tonight for school and I
just basically have to do a lot of
planning tonight so I will take you
along if you're interested um wild
Saturday nights this is what I get up to
it's crazy isn't it but it's about 6
o'clock at night Reggie's eating again
aren't you Reggie and then as you can
see his bed is completely taking over
and he is Ben as you see is just a duvet
that's his favorite like we have other
beds for him but he always just goes
back to the Dubey I don't know he like
kind of makes it into like a little nest
so ok I think the next step for me is
getting my pajamas put my hair up and
let's get down to business
Oh Richie don't be so mean to your
vulture didn't like the altar that's his
wing Oh watch out where your fingers
here
oh my god he caught it right here hey
Reggie does this thing where he finds
his toys and he gathers them all in the
little area and in the process
constantly screws up the run yes oh oh
oh oh he's like all that moved that
stays just sitting here editing her
video that is like a good grandma like
can I just can I take a moment to give
the clip a spotlight the clip yeah why
hey may not I've seen the clip don't it
is hasn't seen the clip the clip is a
big part of my life I have several clips
my favorite clip is this white clip um
you have what one clip really it's the
whole clip it's the home clip as soon as
you come home the clip is on the clip is
on the bras awful the bras not off
that's the thing what I'm dreading about
vlogmas is I can't go braless at home
why not if I can't go braless at home
where the hell can I go braless just
don't just don't film down below just
don't have any sort of bridge yeah I
mean ladies you know what I'm saying
when that bra comes off and those ladies
are free to be it's beautiful and that's
how I feel about the clip like I put the
clip in what if she offers it it's just
off here you're restraining yeah you're
freeing so yeah it's true opposite I'm
just I'm actually just looking some food
inspiration just sitting down flicking
through some cookbooks what do we got
here we've got two auto language
Jerusalem but this this is a recent
purchase the perfectly tossed salad
unfortunately titled but very good
content to just morrow it's kind of like
Mediterranean cooking guys I really want
the Naked 3 palette
hint hint wink wink for Christmas
Christmas yeah if I got your Naked 3
palette for Christmas
there'll be a really terrible gift no it
wouldn't be like your best gift ever I
think so I think it's sold out already
it would be like gang of five in a hose
for Christmas it would like be like
getting an alcohol like a bottle of
vodka for Christmas that's what it was
oh oh look I'm going in with the camera
that's cool
I didn't even know you could do that you
can do Oh like his tongue sometimes
sticks out the sides alright he looks
vicious from this angle but
you know every loved it it's just that
he has the biggest overbite ever seen on
a dog it's ok God he's so long as me ok
you know it's funny like we find Reggie
for a while now but every time he does
that it cracks me up like the first time
um all right more wild times on a
Saturday night
we are planning a dinner party and by we
I mean Aslan is planning a dinner party
he is decided to have a little shindig
so six people in total is this the most
people you've ever cooked for no no I
remember at school I could like faciem
Baldy wait say that again
you're the cafeteria lady for the
starting salad we have a blueberry and
feta salad very nice oh my gosh this is
insane
that will be a salty pecan and caramel
tart good and with it I'll be serving
like maybe like a caramel topping with
also some cream I mean I know I'm not
sure about the maize we're gonna have
some nibbles at beforehand I'm gonna
make a avocados
dip and also in beet root different
another of the main I starting with
other main one part that will definitely
be a be true and pistachio salad oh my
god it was like really good but then
let's talk about the other things I'm
thinking of filming a couple of videos
tomorrow and I might film the perfect
palette tag now I'm just trying to
figure out what my answers would be so
I'm kind of just going through my
drawers and I'm trying to figure out
what my favorite palette is my most
versatile palette my best palette for
travel this is all eyeshadow palettes
just so you know so I'm going into the
makeup archives and I'm going to try to
choose some right now
I finished choosing my palettes and I
got that all ready to go for tomorrow
running when I filmed that video it's 10
o'clock at night now and I decided to
paint my nails I'm gonna go with vintage
rose by Revlon so yeah I haven't
actually like shaped my nails or done
like a manicure or anything I'm just
really not feeling it right now so I'm
just gonna paint them and hopefully it
looks better than the current state of
them right now as one is still looking
up recipes nails painted ocean licorice
and peppermint tea
oranges Modern Family it's a good night
it's a good wild Saturday night can I
get a smile just like any other night
okay I like Spanish yeah it's almost
midnight now and Alan and I have
actually been quite productive planning
stuff at the kitchen table and he's
finally finalized his dinner plans and
he's hard at work he's hard at work over
there and yeah I think it's like quite
nerve-wracking to be a host for
something and I'm not actually gonna be
at home on Monday all day so I'm gonna
be coming home at the same time that all
the guests are arriving he's on his own
not that I would be of any help and in
fact said that I would probably annoy
him because I don't cook I get nervous I
freak out about everything so it's
probably a good thing that I'm not gonna
be there it's it's definitely my bedtime
I think I'm gonna wake up early tomorrow
and when I say early I mean like 7:30 in
the morning and that's crazy for a
Sunday isn't it so yeah I just want to
crank a couple things out just just be
on it and I'm you know I think the thing
about waking up early is you have to
mentally prepare yourself the day before
tell yourself I am waking up tomorrow at
whatever time and that's it so I'm going
to bed now and as on you want to say
goodbye to the vlog bye I will see you
guys in a future vlog
I
