testing brag sit 1 2 3 testing Breck sir
1 2 3 I know wow what a start you gonna
have to have a leaky nipple everything I
can't hear you talking about article 50
and Theresa May and the general election
when you have a leaky nipple like who
can concentrate icon hello and welcome
to what is essentially a podcast a video
podcast we'll have the audio version and
also this the camera just rolling as we
speak yeah so I think we felt that we
loved talking about current affairs no
that's not true okay that's not true
this is the thing Aslan loves talking
about current affairs and I always felt
like I had nothing to add I felt like I
didn't know anything about current
affairs and lately I've been getting
more into politics and current affairs
and I'm really wanting to hear what he
has to say but that being said it is
very hard for someone to get into
politics and current affairs because it
just it's so vast and you like don't
know where to start right so in this
podcast we want to try to unpack a few
of those political situations yes so
essentially I think we're gonna look at
one or two issues that are in the news
or on our minds and we're gonna try and
get to the roots of them and approach it
from a way like you know you're not used
to the subject you don't know much about
the subject so we're gonna start right
from the beginning and try and
understand it from the foundations from
the basics and I have no problems
appearing dumb because I love asking
questions hey listen you know there's no
such thing as a stupid question I've
always believed that well let's see if
you still believe that at the end of
this episode because today we're talking
all about brexit a lot of people still
don't really know what it is but it
seems like it's one of those subjects
that's sticking around and people kind
of feel like they should know what it is
yeah I know the gist of brexit but I
mean there's always more to learn we're
gonna be hearing about break sit for at
least another two years to come so you
know it's good to learn about it now
okay first question what does the word
breaks it me
who came up with it let's start from the
basics all right so I'm not sure who
came up with the term brexit but
essentially means British exit brexit
yeah it's stupid but that's what it is
and the reason why British Britain aka
the UK is exiting anything is because
Britain has decided to leave the EU and
the EU is the European Union okay let's
just back it up here here go when you're
about 12 pages deep right now okay let's
talk about the European Union the EU
they use essentially a collection of
European countries that have banded
together and decided we are gonna create
a group where we try to create a set of
rules that's the same in every single
country so we have the same kind of
agricultural policy we have the same
kind of justice policy in a way that it
essentially tries to create a a very big
country made up of smaller countries for
example if you were to rear a chicken in
the UK it would come up to the same
standards as two rearing a chicken in
Germany or in France does rear a chicken
mean raise raised a chicken yes yes
raising kill chicken so if you are a
British chicken farmer what you could do
then is very easily take your chicken
produce and then sell it to the French
or sell it to the Germans in a way that
causes no issues however if we didn't
have this EU club we didn't have the
same EU regulations in all the EU
countries it would mean that a chicken
produce chicken produce are raised in
the UK wouldn't necessarily be fit for
sale in France or in Germany because
they'd have different rules and
regulations but the EU and the whole
idea of the EU is to try and get all
these rules and regulations streamlined
across all these countries so the EU is
obviously great for trade yes but was
that the why it was started for trade I
think it's time for what I'm going to
coin as the recap in 1957 the EEC was
formed this was mostly
an economic thing from mainland Europe
countries yes everything was going great
next thing you know rat-tat-tat on the
door UK wants to join no no no says the
French president at the time
fast forward to 1973 the UK join the UK
joins don't even care about how that
happened because I can't be bothered and
now they're now we're in 1993 1993 EU is
officially formed the EU is no longer
the EEC it's the EU yeah and there's
more even more integration and now
there's more integration it's not just
economical it's lots of stuff including
justice systems and rulings everything
like this yes so like the EU they're the
big boss of all the countries it's like
if you want to simplify it that way yes
the EU is essentially the EEC on
steroids you know it's taking that idea
of integration even further okay so now
that we've all got that done and dusted
but no now the UK wants back out did we
get here I think the the easiest way to
kind of enter that is go back to 2015
when there was a general election in the
UK a general election was basically the
big main election in the UK yeah so into
2015 David Cameron was the prime
minister of the UK I don't know if
remember him he's gone now dude and his
wife runs smeissen
his wife runs Mizen indeed great British
leather goods store yes
going back to the lifestyle I stand
alone can't leave that lifestyle content
has to plug in the map the lifestyle in
there expensive great anyways so David
Cameron today the Cameron is the Prime
Minister was was sorry there was at that
time he was the Prime Minister yeah I'm
and he was the leader of the
Conservative Party in the UK and he
basically at that general election said
that if we the Conservative Party win
the general election we will have a
referee
we will finally have a referendum on
Britain's membership of the EU we will
put the vote to the people what in God's
name is a
for Enda for those of you who do not
know so a referendum another name for a
plebiscite lab a site so a referendum is
basically when everybody all the
citizens in the country who are eligible
to vote which is you know over 18 not in
prison etc most people get to vote on
one specific issue it doesn't happen
very often in the UK because you know
it's quite a large country a lot of
people it's difficult to organize but in
other countries like Switzerland much
smaller it happens all the time people
have a referendum all all the time like
everything like on really small issues
or Ebay pockets whitson has loads of
referendums all the time I mean I used
to think referendums were a great idea
until brakes had happened I mean yes
like you know the in a way the idea of a
referendum is beautiful like you know
it's every man and woman gets a vote on
an issue right and that's the way it
should be since we're all citizens and
we should be able to like you know vote
on what happens to the country that we
live in but in a way now with brexit a
lot of people argue that you know the
issue is so complex and so complicated
the ordinary man or woman doesn't have
the time you know to spend on learning
all these rules and regulations and
really deciding in a way that where
they're fully informed on the issue
that's why you get politicians that's
why people like you know how to hire
essentially somebody whose job it is
full-time yes and can you trust
them just I mean can you trust
politicians
I think 99% of us would say no you can't
right so but it's true you know when
when breaks that happened there were
loads of interviews with people saying I
didn't even know what I was voting for
like blah blah blah and by the way by
this time you probably realized that we
are not brexit errs is that the word
that yes I mean we are the classic you
know young metropolitan London voter we
did not vote leave we voted remain so
bear in mind you know we have that bias
is exactly ingrained into us but I feel
like we're getting slightly off topic so
referendum is basically when the whole
of the UK gets to vote on a single issue
and the issue was should
the UK remain a part of the EU yes or no
before we go on though I want to just
have a brief little backstory as to why
in the 2015 general election this was
even a talking what I'm wondering like
was it brought up before had people been
unhappy in the issue essentially the
real reason why in the 2015 general
election the Conservative Party and
David Cameron like we're gonna have
referendum on this is because the
Conservative Party has had this issue of
the UK being a member of the EU be a
huge rift for them in their party so the
Conservative Party is the right-wing
party the right-wing main party of the
UK also known as the Tories the Tories I
didn't know that the Tories and the
Conservatives were the same symbol for a
very long time and ever since the UK
joined the EU there has been a very
strong faction within the Conservative
Party that has believed that has been a
huge mistake for the EU the EU are sorry
for the UK and the UK membership of the
European Union only harms the UK and the
UK should be out of the EU and would be
much better for them to be out prior to
the 2015 election there was an emergence
of a party called UK United Kingdom
Independence Party made famous by their
leader Nigel Farage that's correct
essentially they are the kind of party
where they're very strong on anti-eu
immigration of freedom of movement I
mean I wouldn't personally want to say
that they are racist and they hate all
immigrants but they certainly do not
believe that the freedom and the ability
for you know people from Eastern
European countries within the EU let's
say to just freely come to the UK is
necessarily a good thing
put it this way Nigel Faraj and Donald
Trump they like they want to make oh
yeah I mean the first British politician
to meet Nigel to meet Donald Trump was
Nigel fries alive it wasn't the Prime
Minister it was Nagy so anyway that's UK
so yes so you Kipp started rising in
power and getting a lot of momentum
prior to the 2015 general election and
basically they're a single-issue party
they were like we want a referendum we
want to we want the whole of the UK to
decide whether the UK remains in the EU
and hopefully
the UK will decide to leave the EU and
that was really bolstering this movement
within the Conservative Party for for
people to basically have this referendum
it was bolstering everybody's everybody
who believed that the UK should leave
and it was creating a big thorn in the
side of David Cameron and but you kept
isn't part of the Conservative Party no
it's not it's a separate party but they
basically because they were so strong in
that issue
it created made this momentum and
movement started people everybody to be
bringing up this issue and they and it
was such a big thorn in David Cameron
side coming up to the 2015 general
election he decided let's finally put
this issue to rest let's finally have a
vote have a referendum and hopefully you
know be able to set this issue aside and
move on because they have a camera and
generally believed and all the you know
polls and everything was showing that
the UK as a whole would vote to remain
in the EU so he was gambling on the fact
that you know the UK was going to remain
part of the EU and he himself he
campaigned to remain in the UK in the EU
so what was labour doing during all this
so the labor labor were reluctantly
labour is another party yes they're the
other main party in the UK the more
left-wing party they would reluctantly
campaigning to stay in the U in the EU
and I say reluctantly because their
leader Jeremy Corbyn whilst publicly he
says he is Pro he membership
realistically everybody who does believe
that he isn't so hot on the EU Jeremy
Corbyn yeah he isn't so he's very unsure
and maybe perhaps even deep down would
prefer if the UK did leave the EU isn't
Jeremy Corbyn the cool one who's hanging
out in Brixton yes
grime for Corbin okay and plus the
Labour Party did not do a great job for
like during the campaign the Labour
campaign for remain for the UK to rein
in the EU was terrible it was really bad
really lackluster compared to jeremy
corbyn's general election campaign and
latest latest general election like if
you compare those two campaigns and
labour involvement in both like labels I
guess they just thought they weren't
going to lose I mean everybody thought
that everybody was kind of cocky like
you know and a lot of speaking to a lot
of young people in the UK everybody you
had this feeling like yeah you know of
course we're gonna vote to leave in like
you know it makes sense
everybody kind of intrinsically deep
down knows that it's better for the UK
to remain in the EU and everybody like
it and that all the polls were saying
that UK was gonna remain and honestly I
do believe you know a lot of people got
cocky a lot of people didn't vote yeah a
lot of people didn't like specially
youngster yeah loads of young people the
mature the vast majority young people
want to remain in the EU and a lot of
them you know just weren't motivated
during that referendum to actually go I
get it voting is not sexy and fun I
think it is yeah very sexy it's cool it
is cool but actually seeing like the
genuine effect one vote can have you
know yeah vote people vote but that's a
separate yeah I think like because of
the the brexit referendum results it's
actually energized a lot of young people
to vote and the vote young people voter
turnout Papa bless was so good in the
last generally so anyway ISIL and I we
were in LA the day of the brexit vote
results yeah we woke up and we found out
the result and by the way we mailed our
votes away people we we postal
referendum that's how serious we worry
about this but anyway we woke up as an
woke up and saw the results and I was
pretty devastating they're the result in
2016 June of 2016 was fifty two point
five percent of the UK voted to leave
the EU I thought he was kidding I
genuinely thought he was joking so I'm
just a little bit over more than half of
the people voted to leave and it as I
said it came as a shock nobody was
expecting it and it was I mean let's put
it this way like the five years prior to
that referendum not much really happened
in the UK in terms of politics and in
the year and a bit afterwards literally
everything everything has been like
turned upside down like in 10 20 years
time when people look back on this
period and look at it from a historical
point of view they're gonna say oh my
god
that was a mess yeah like the definition
of a you okay fine so that was the
vote results then what happened what did
David Cameron say so because David
Cameron campaigned to remain in the EU
and he lost he was on the losing side
on the losing side he had to resign he
didn't have to he didn't have to but he
kind of had to because you know it's
impossible for a person to call
themselves the Prime Minister the leader
of a country when members of that
country are so against they want to sit
on such a strong issue you know he
couldn't really truly could you really
say that person could truly represent
that country when it came to the
inevitable negotiation yeah I leave the
EU not really so he had to resign he had
to go do some people blame David Cameron
for this I think so yes I mean he was a
little bit let's say in the campaign
that they ran was very negative was very
scare mongering
so people blame him for that saying it
wasn't the right kind of campaign to run
campaigns words just scare mongering
don't necessarily work out for the best
they needed to run a better campaign Hey
so they say that B doesn't say he
shouldn't have put the issue of the
referendum even up for debate
as part of the pledge in the 2015
election they say you know that was just
a move that showed weakness on his part
he should have been able to that yes and
be a better politician and become the
leader of the UK in 2015 about having
that on board so David Cameron is gone
next thing you know Theresa May comes
running through the wheat fields where
did she come from
she was running through the wheat fields
having a great time and she okay there
is a joke to do with that by the way
guys little political joke I just made
there so Theresa May is the current
prime minister I mean she's the current
leader of the conservative policy voted
in she was not technically speaking
voted in so the way it works in the UK
is everybody votes in a general election
for a political party and the
leader of their political party it
becomes Prime Minister so David Cameron
when he lost the referendum he was he
resigned he had to be was booted out and
they had to find a new leader for the
Conservative Party and the Conservative
Party decided that this new leader
should be Theresa May and Theresa May
she wasn't she wasn't a brexit
campaigner she didn't campaign too for
the UK to leave the EU but she wasn't a
great Pro EU campaign either she was
very quiet during the whole referendum
she played her cards right in a way you
know she was like I'm not sure which way
this is gonna fall I'm gonna be very
quiet you know kind of step back from
the from the front benches of the
fighting and she managed to put herself
in a position where she was the unifying
kind of voice within the party and she
was put put up as a leader and the Prime
Minister but now she's taking quite a
strong hand in this brexit thing isn't
she well I mean she wants a quick-fire
brexit doesn't she like that there's the
issue there's the issue of hard brexit
yeses soft brexit that is something now
it's always coming up and people saying
you know huh what's better hard brexit
or soft brexit I don't even know
anything about this but my heart would
say soft and this is purely based on
hard boiled eggs and soft boiled eggs
hard-boiled eggs are rank okay old
people like them and soft boiled eggs
are pretty damn good well if you believe
that the UK should be a part of the EU
you definitely should go along with that
so hard brexit means that the UK leaves
the EU and cuts off all ties pretty much
completely that's the idea like when you
leave you get rid of all the EU rules
and regulations you don't accept any of
their kind of compromises they would
throw out you in the true essence
completely abolish and get rid of all of
the EU influence in the UK what's gonna
happen with all the trade stuff so that
so that's the kind of the argument on
the soft side of brexit saying that if
we do take that kind of cliff edge
approach to Brett
set the hard brexit route if we cut off
all the ties and rip up all the EU rules
it means that from a trade point of view
will be Rudy screwed because suddenly
all the produce and all the products
that the UK makes and all the services
that we provide won't be in line with
the EU rules and regulations and the
vast majority of the the trade that the
UK has is with the EU you know I think
more than half the trade that the UK
does is with the EU so the issue with
that with with a hard brexit approach is
that we could be in a situation where a
trade Falls dramatically and if people
aren't you know unable to sell as much
as they were before because the EU isn't
accepting their orders it means you know
orders are gonna be down people gonna be
unimpaired economy bye-bye yes the
economy's gonna go down the drain that's
that's the kind of the basic argument of
soft breakfast let's get a band-aid you
want to rip that mofo off real quick so
maybe a heart breaks it doubt that is
definitely like you know an argument
that hard brick stairs put forward you
know you do a quick clean cut off and
then you start looking into what are the
other kind of the trade agreements that
we can have so there there be arguing we
should have better agreements with a
Commonwealth partner so with people like
India Australia we should look to create
an agreement with America you know
start to trade with other countries
because you know look at India it's a
huge emerging economy what why are we
doing business all these you know
countries that have really slow growth
the NAU when we could be accessing a
huge market like India of super
fast-growing market but the soft brick
stairs basically say you know what let's
everybody take a chill pill we've
decided we're gonna have brexit people
have voted for brexit but people have
not necessarily voted for a terrible
economic time you know people didn't
vote for yes we want to leave the EU but
they didn't read Bo for that they just
didn't realize that's what they were
voting for perhaps you know maybe they
said we want to leave the EU but we want
to leave the EU in a very sensible and
logical way and we want to leave it in a
way that will have a you know a
transition period where we're able to
slowly come out of the EU change some of
our rules and regulations but
in a way that were you still able to
keep most of our trade with EU and keep
our economy growing strong so that's the
kind of soft brexit approach yeah okay
so we haven't decided as a country which
we're going with no we haven't decided
and the reason well you know first of
all in order for a for a country to pick
a position like a political party has to
propose the kind of position that we
take and what Theresa May did in 2017 in
June 2017 she decided to call another
general election and it was like oh my
god we're going for another one because
she didn't have to have another general
election till 2019 because the last was
2015 that's four years but in 2017
Theresa May basically said no we're
gonna have a general election early so
and everybody that kind of you know came
out of the blue because like even I
think two or three weeks before that she
was on interview saying no no we're not
gonna have a general election and the
reason may be asking why did she call an
early general she said she wanted to
have a general election just so she was
able to finally get an approval from the
people because she wasn't ever voted in
she want people have been giving her a
hard time in the media
I mean rightfully so almost the time
exactly and you know whilst we as a
country voted for brexit we don't really
vote for exactly what brexit meant and
she wanted to put a campaign forward in
the general election where it was more
of a hard brexit stance and if then
he/she was voted into power then she
would have that stamp of approval so she
she said I remember there was a vote I
didn't even figure out who won okay okay
I was getting bored but now I'm
interested again alright so again
Theresa may go a little bit cocky
because the opposition the other big
party in the UK labor had this new kind
of real left-leaning person Jeremy
Corbyn in as their leader and it looked
like it's down with the kids it was down
with the grime artist yeah and all the
polls leading up and the media basically
were murdering Corbin now saying he's a
terrible you know labor leader he
doesn't know how to govern his way to
left-wing he's in the king
never be Prime Minister all the exit
polls were showing that he the Labour
approval rating was really low so Teresa
may wanted to capitalize on this
momentum she was just voted in as Prime
Minister she was what she was later but
she was just became Prime Minister she
had some momentum behind yeah exactly so
she wanted to call the general election
to solidify yet we got that quashed
labour and get a really big majority and
go forward to be able to negotiate from
a strong position yes all right
unfortunately can I just say one more
thing before we go into the result I
don't know but yeah
while syriza make campaign from a hard
brexit position a lot of people argued
that perhaps actually she the reason why
she wanted this general election wasn't
because she was super keen on being a
hard brexit here the reason why is
because she vote she wanted a bigger
majority within Parliament bigger
majority means basically that she has
more MPs to be able to vote in her laws
simplify this if you have more MPs which
means members of poorer members of
parliament in the British Parliament
then it's easier for you to get approval
over the laws that you put a lot and
stuff so it's basically like having more
team members on the field exactly and
the more MP she could get the easier it
would be further to pass her laws okay
the reason why she wanted to have this
general election and get more of these
MPs of her own in powers because she had
a very small majority from the previous
narrow election of only 12 so she was
because of that very small majority she
was very liable to the sway of the
hardcore hard brexit wing within the
Conservative Party that we were talking
about right at the beginning so what she
wanted to do was to get a really big
majority and then she would be less
influenced by that really hard right
wing element of the how could she be so
confident that she'd be voted and again
well because all the exit polls were
saying like oh yeah
okay so what happens Jeremy Corbyn comes
along and starts being a little dawn and
then so yeah so the general election
campaign starts going and the
Conservatives run a terrible campaign
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn runs a
really good one and the result the
general election is that whilst the
Conservative Party are the biggest party
they don't win an outright majority so
they don't have enough MPs to be able to
pass their laws right that's what
happened yes come back to me now so
Theresa may egg on our face big time
you know she throws his gamble and she's
all confident and then she screws it up
yeah so then the Conservative Party have
to get into a coalition they have to
invite another party called the DUP into
power with them they make what is DUP
basically the DUP is a party from
Northern Ireland they are kind of the
Conservative Party they're bad Island
they're a bit dodgy in the sense any
worse than you can't they're out there
right kind of I mean so a lot of their
members are very kind of like
fundamentalist Christians not that's
necessarily a bad thing but you know
they have you know they believe that
people shouldn't be able to get a board
here we go not necessarily the most
modern outlook on things especially in
regards to law yes exactly
fine if you believe that but so they be
they get into power with the DUP oh god
no no yeah she so she met forms this
coalition right one was coalition
Coalition is when you pick another team
they're like look I got effed up so I'm
gonna need it's like think back to
survivor days you need an alliance yeah
she forms a team reliance with a DEP and
she's like a we'll give you 1 billion
pounds to spend on Northern Ireland as
long as you're cool with us and vote
with us yeah and do you people like
alright cool because nobody else is
knocking on their door yeah exactly
and it's funny because they suddenly
found this 1 billion pound out of
nowhere even though during the whole
general election campaign Teresa Mayo is
like Oh labor labor where's your magic
money tree but apparently they had a
much money tree for 1 billion euros for
like I mean would be great if I stumbled
upon a billion
pounds knock knock they basically bought
themselves the votes in Parliament
disgusting that's the politic that
people hate yeah not great disgusting so
Teresa made a huge egg on her face after
that but she manages to get an effect by
the skin of her teeth majority by the
way the majorities are only 13 seats
prior to the twelve she had before the
general out of what it's it's kind of
hard to display explain but basically
she has 13 more seats than she needs to
pass a law okay so she has 13 seats to
screw up margin
you know before her screw up margin was
12 seats that's a screw up margin now 13
seats isn't a great increase and now she
has got egg on her face and basically
you love that little egg on your face
phrase that's it like a bet she gone
done up that's okay she screwed
up big time and and suddenly because she
was campaigning on this hard brexit
platform suddenly the idea that
everybody in the UK and people who voted
leave are Pro the hard brexit platform
is put under question because you know
she's done way worse than the general
election then people expect it so maybe
you know most people in the UK don't
necessarily want a hard brexit maybe
they want a softer brexit so it's really
put whilst the whole reason for the
general election from Teresa Mays point
of view and what she was arguing was to
give greater clarification and give a
better understanding of where the UK is
regarding to brexit and how we should we
should negotiate brexit actually it did
the opposite it put everything even more
under question everyone's confused over
here if you don't live over here it's
very confusing exactly and just put even
it's just like it's it's a giant
show guys it's like there's no way to
like so does this affect other countries
like does the US need to care if we are
in the you you or not like does you know
any other country care I mean it affects
countries from the point of view of
trade because if the EU isn't doing
great and the EU economy you know starts
going downhill it means you can't trade
as much with the EU which may affect
your economy
hmm you know so affects wider world from
that aspect but affects the people
within the European Union and the
European countries a lot more as well
every single country in the EU has an
aspect has a party or you know a group
of people within it that are pro leaving
the EU you know there's loads of there's
huge parties with in Denmark with in
Belgium with in France with in Germany
who say the EU isn't good for our
country and we want to leave and the UK
voting as a whole to leave the EU is
huge then being actually being able to
leave the EU is huge it's a huge like
you know bolstering for though for those
people so what happens if the EU just
breaks apart and into nothingness then
it's a really bad economic time for the
whole of Europe kids you know there's
something called the euro which is the
common currency of the EU not all the
members of the you have it but a lot of
them do and if that breaks apart every
single country has to have it now its
own currency and it basically will mean
that there's gonna be huge economic bad
times okay I also feel like since we are
both remain errs we didn't shed light on
why someone would have voted for brexit
so can you just tell me why somebody
would have wanted to leave because right
now it seems a little doom and gloom
from that point okay so I mean let's
face it the route the thing that swung
the vote for the brexit side was
immigration say it again for the people
in the back so it's immigration stupid
if you want to put in in Bill
what's-his-name
bill the President Bill Clinton terms he
said it's immigration stupid it's the
economy stupid yeah so yeah it's
immigration you know that was a big
issue and the reason why somebody would
be voting pro brexit is because Britain
had from their point of view would be
Britain has had far too much immigration
coming into the UK from the EU we've had
all these people coming in from places
in Eastern Europe mostly I mean let's
face it that's what they were saying and
suppressing wages suppressing work terms
in the UK but I bet if you talk to a lot
of brag sitters they would I think
they're lying but they would say
immigration isn't the only reason why we
voted for it it is but what else would
they say
so apart from immigration the other big
thing was like UK laws should be
governed and made by UK by the UK
Parliament and decided on by the UK
courts
it shouldn't UK laws shouldn't be made
up by some you know Parliament in
Brussels and you know the the judges
that rule on our UK laws shouldn't be
some random judges like you know in
Central Europe UK laws for UK people
created by UK politicians governed by UK
judgement I mean it does seem to be
mirroring trumps entire campaign of make
America great again it's make the UK
great again it's very throwback like you
know and I'm sorry this offends you but
I generally do things like you know the
whole everybody who supports you Kip and
everybody went for brexit is pining for
this time you know like this past Great
Britain like you know like Britain was
in the 1970s or 80s like you know
something that we can't return to like
you know the past is the part of the UK
has become too multicultural the
influence from other cultures has been
too strong people who come into the UK
they don't integrate into the community
they create a community within a
community that like propagates their own
right they think we're losing English
heritage and traditions and you know the
point about UK laws governed by UK
judges made by UK UK politicians is a
kind of an extension of that it's saying
that you know who's the best judge for
judging on the UK law it's not a judge
from France or Germany it should be
somebody who's grown up in the UK should
be a UK judge and by being a member of
the EU
it gives that final power the final kind
of you know ability to judge upon the
rules and regulations to a body outside
of you UK it gives them you know the
European Parliament creates rules and
laws that effectively over
all the rules and laws of the UK the
European Court of Justice is able to
overrule the UK Supreme Court and
they're saying that's not right you're
just uncomfortable with that yeah okay
so I mean what you think about it you
know a lot of people when you break it
down to that simple term they would
agree with that you know they would say
you know there are significant cultural
differences within the UK from places
for example like France or Germany
you know the historical difference is
economic differences even you know that
means that you know people from Central
Europe may not be the best judges for
what's best for the UK yeah well anyway
let's wrap up it you know breaks it here
because I think we've got a great handle
on Gregson okay what's going forward
what's happening so now what's basically
happened after the general the latest
general election where Theresa May got
egg on her face yeah we have had the
official brexit talks have actually
officially begun so but before the
general election in March of 2016
article 50 which is the special article
within the EU that says you can exit was
invoked by the UK essentially that meant
Theresa Mayer wrote a six-page letter to
the President of the EU and she found
that and that triggered a two-year
deadline so two years after that the u.k
has to leave the EU so that two-year
period gives time for the EU and the UK
to agree on the terms and conditions of
the exit and as of June the 19th the
negotiations have officially begun so we
are now currently the UK is currently in
the process in a period of negotiations
where the UK politicians cut go to the
EU politician and say this is how we
want to leave these are the terms we
want to leave and the EU politicians say
oh you must be mad those are crazy this
is how we want you to do it so as far as
the people of the UK is there anything
we can do or is this pretty much being
handled by Theresa May and her squad
well I mean this we can't do anything
right it's quite difficult now for
people to exert like an effective like
chain because there's been the general
election
you know the Conservative Party is still
in power and the policies have been
decided by the Conservative Party and
they're you know they're leading the
negotiations so unfortunately there's
limited things that you know people on
the ground can do so all we can do is we
can protest we can make our mind you
know Minds known we can say you know
what no we don't agree with that we do
want a situation where the EU of the UK
still remains part of the EU single
market that sort of thing but it's
honestly it's mostly now in the hands of
the politicians and that's quite scary
because they have shown themselves to be
very split on the issue they've shown
themselves to not really have very
effective negotiation skills Theresa May
ran a terrible campaign she was she
wasn't a very good politician and what
the UK needs more than ever right now is
a very skilled politician at the helm of
this rut like running those negotiations
so in essence we are effed but the
question is how eft are we and we will
find out in the next two years yes we
will find out there's you know loads of
issues that be negotiated right now
maybe will when once we have a bit more
clarity on the issues we'll do a second
episode all about yeah how brexit has
progressed all right so I hope you guys
enjoyed learning all about Briggs that I
know it's a thrilling topic but I hope
we did make it kind of interesting and
broke it down for you because it's
important to know these things exactly
if you have any other topics you'd like
us to cover like for instance I'd love
to talk about immigration and refugees
that's another topic that I want to
learn more about and you know something
we're passionate about leave us a
comment um because we we talk a lot and
we just thought why not record it yeah
anything you want you want us to talk
about you know it obviously has to be
kind of in this realm current affairs
that sort of thing yeah Donald Trump
North Korea got a lot to say on the
Trump stir yeah so maybe next time we
can do less UK yeah centric so let us
know hope you enjoyed it we'll see you
next time see you later bye
