hello everyone you can probably tell by
the gorgeous or just gorgeous leaves
that I am in Canada I can't believe how
beautiful the trees and the leaves are
look at as left back there
creeping as one actually went for a run
this morning all through the forest
which you might have seen on his
Instagram story you're not following
Aslan on Instagram it's at lion's mane
with a zero anyway it looks really nice
I was sleeping so you know they were
just in the car because we are heading
to Tim Hortons obviously we arrived late
last night so we need a little bit of a
dark roast a little bit of that steep
tea and then we're going to carry on
with this adventure Aslan is rockin is
cool outfit you look very chic and also
Canadian yes you know it is full time oh
yeah yeah these are the colour he ended
up going on nice jeans cool coat nice
hat this is by brand called our care
which used to make stuff of the British
military still do but this is our like
the civilian life ah looks good
at Tim Hortons why are you so smiley
because I've got affirmative on the way
all right we gotta like on pause
Canada's finest menswear store where we
will be getting a rental suit for myself
because we're going to buffer they have
a premier I need to be smart
we're gonna be renting a man who doesn't
have a suit crazy
you're like the type of man who would
have a suit I do have a suit but in what
I like pack packing a suit I'll never be
able to pack a suit in a suitcase
without a get increased to hell hmm and
I actually don't have a black suit I
think this is a red carpet thing I need
a black suit I don't yeah we're neighbor
it great okay well let's go see what
they've got
honey what do you think use my hip it's
good it's very good yeah maybe try a
smaller size so here we are in our local
chapters parking lot you know as you do
on a lovely Sunday afternoon instead of
purchasing some books let's pop into the
source so here we are here is the
entrance here it is and oh my God look
at this as you walk in a big wait a
second is that is that you oh my god
look right here right the front
plenty of coffees available where's that
are interested a bloom books
do you ever still snapchat no it's so
cool
yeah just kind of cool isn't that for
the record guys I used to come into this
chapters all the time because my high
school is just across the street so it's
like pretty crazy at home in the 180 in
full circle here are the details for
those who are interested if you are
available Saturday October 22nd at 2
p.m. at the chapters in Waterloo yeah I
still be here I will be here other
people will be here my grandma will be
here come and join us
I'm his best friend Doreen join us for a
good time good old chapters time oh
there's some muffs this is kind of
especially this is only appropriate
other thing in London you really need
ones this is fluffy
you didn't really key them in there I
like them yeah I gotta get that Kelly
says that you look like Princess Leia
and I'm kind of agree just think this is
Halloween decorations what this yeah I
don't think caution tape is really a
hollow Halloween decoration is it
watching that southern Netflix mother
guy oh never mind
welcome to my world I say I always get
off on these little right like what do
you want this is like no I don't like if
you like things but anyway we're going
off on another tangent in another
tangent interphase mine here because she
wants to get pens I want to get one pen
one fantasy know what that staple that
selection of pens pens staples pens geez
look at this is the water is like
rappelling off it this is freshly laid
turf the fresh stuff here isn't that
okay you excited mmm-hmm they're very
squeaky that's a big - I don't like that
would you look at this lots of pens
I'm the scented pens what's this one
good hmm there may be a real bit grape
oh this is gonna be good guys
blueberries don't be good let me see oh
yeah
oh yeah this is this is grape that's for
sure let me let me sniff yours I'll
stick my let it make sense but you know
that mean oh my god that's good here we
are now in the parking lot it really is
a lovely gray day isn't it did you
purchase anything in the staples really
what a surprise I mean I went in to buy
a pen but couldn't find anything unique
went in to buy a pen left with only
disappointment such as life at Staples
behind Walley world while it worth while
in while and while it was while the
world's needed to get some cupcake and
Halloween ingredients I need to pick up
some mouthwash cuz you know I'm gonna
keep the old mouth fresh as they say
what anything here let's go to our
favorite section come on you know where
it is here we are
the Aston on TV section let's see what
the new goodies whacks back it's not
even like allowed that was so dangerous
well we're not allowed in Europe but
it's a gay North America whoa dude
Pokemon guards look at this guy he's
having the time of his life he's so
happy about the situation
there's no dripping no bees might have
about that question for you guys what
does this little inflatable fun guy here
have in common with that stay beautiful
would I speak would I speak is a
beautiful thing I don't know why you're
so going to see that it's it's beautiful
makes you look 10 times harder it's time
to walk the dumpster it's like he goes
oh yeah its leg like goes up so quick
Aslan is somewhere in these hills taking
photos and he's been gone for about 15
minutes so who knows if he will ever
escape he's all the way up there all
right see if I can zoom in look at it
Mary is what right up there oh that's
cool
it's not not looking back he's not even
looking at me what's he doing up there
pondering life
nope it's taking a picture I have been
officially dissed it doesn't feel good
does it no oh so cute so here's a little
local library stop I've shown you guys
these before but um how cute and
Canadian you take a book and then you
have to donate a book as well
I should put bloom in here you probably
should yeah we went hey that's great
idea and guys dang have a look at these
leaves
all sorts of orange green yellow
beautiful absolutely beautiful are deep
in the forest
imagine if zombies started coming out of
these woods what would you do looks like
it's really good it looks like you're
turning into zombie yeah yeah for head
there for a week because we're going to
Canada tomorrow and he's he's gonna go
away he's gonna go to some friends but
oh I just hate to say goodbye to this
boy so cute oh
