it is Saturday today nice little nice
little day for the weekend
finally um as you can see I am wearing a
nipple a furry nipple on my head Aslan
agrees that it does look like a nipple
I'm rocking it rocking the fur nipple
today so we're walking Reggie in the
park as you probably guessed it's about
noon and we kind of had a little slow
although a slow start today but I was
kind of I was inside speak for yourself
I was kind of working on um an essay
that is kind of stressing me out and
Aslan had to pop out and do a couple of
things on his own so we were l solo for
the morning but we've come back together
with the third member of our family for
a little walk cash register Young Money
cash money after we're done walking
Reggie I am so frickin excited because
we're going to Whole Foods and you guys
this is probably nothing interesting to
you guys but I love Whole Foods I think
it's like the best okay it's it's
friggin expensive but it's like the best
place to find different things to eat
like when you're just so bored of what
you're eating Whole Foods is like a
really good place to go because they've
got really nice fruits vegetables
healthy food very good so we're gonna go
there but now we'll be walking the dog
have bootcampers people on a bootcamp
look at them running I wish I wasn't so
lazy
this is our running isn't it Reggie well
Reggie cards Reggie was the best at
running ever he knows how to run that's
one thing that's kind of getting me down
about Reggie thermo not getting me down
is really starting to piss me off
look at this this is it's just like I
pull it down and it goes right back why
don't you pull it all the way down do
this all the way down it is not what is
this other bago I can't see it's fine
let me start that sensing again one
thing that is concerning me about Reggie
is that I feel like he doesn't get
enough running in his life there's used
to run I'm guessing a lot of the timers
he was a X racer but now because of what
we've been told we're very strict about
letting off the leash and I mean who
tried his recall his recalls okay but he
did when he sees a cat or he's he's a
squirrel he does pull on the leash quite
hard and he tries to attempts to run so
I know that if if we let him off the
leash in the park like this and then he
saw a squirrel or a cat she would get
he'll go for it you know nipples
epaulettes now no nevel no more normally
it's less safe we're living in North
America this wouldn't be an issue
because we could go to one of these you
know dog parks with the really high like
six-foot fences dull enclosures they're
everywhere in North America in England
you can nobody seems to building-wide oh
no England but London so if anybody
knows if there is a one of those dog
enclosures that's like fully enclosed
like a six-foot fence all around it'd
have to be a really tall fence yeah
somewhere in London let us know cuz
that'll be lovely cuz I want to let the
man off the off the leash on it I want
him to run man
yeah cuz I see any like that's under
he's sleeping he's got he has dreams
when he sleeps and I can tell like he's
dreaming about running and I'm like oh
probably misses that so yeah I want I
want him to have that in his life to
make him a bit more fulfilled oh he sees
these squirrels oh there you go
there he is look at that face look at
that look there's a squirrel right there
they're going on in he's going in to get
he gets very excited about it you see in
a situation like that I like it's just
it cuz especially because it's in London
because if one of these squirrels you
know runs it out of the park across the
road or something it's unlikely but I
just don't want that I don't wanna take
that risk you never live with yourself
if something were to happen to Reggie
cuz we took the leash off phase variance
- right now in school he's seen
something again what is it Reggie what
could it be
is it where'll he's very excited I'm
sorry I keep them away this is what he
lives for
right here this sorry excuse for a chase
that's going on right now okay buddy
she'll get him next time get him next
time what you see what do you see
oh she doesn't crawl the ears pointed
forward like that I mean she's on
something what is it Reggie there is a
clover can we go in baby shall we go and
investigate I think so
I think we're done in the park now
Reggie's tuckered out I don't know and
don't mind Reggie's fur all over his
coat I know it's disgusting but
literally nothing gets it off and then
the minute he wears it it goes back so
he's Multan majorly the lady at the
shelter told me that finally when it's
time they get their winter coat which
means they molt a lot so we're
definitely finding that there's one
thing that a greyhound they do shed and
hairs everywhere
shadow and and that
is that a like a double double negative
there but seriously I thought I would
never have a shedding dog because I was
like also annoying when a dog sheds
it really is annoying but obviously you
love the dogs it doesn't matter as much
but it's a lot of cleaning involved to
have bang of it you know are you wearing
anything black yeah he touches you they
got I mean shed shadow so you're
gonna go home back home now and then
we're gonna go all the way across town
for Whole Foods I'm really just going
there for fun like this is for leisure
that's right people I stay goes super
well here for fun okay
goodbye there's something else classic
this is a classy situation right now I
stay about I would say eight or seven
times a week she'll tell me that there's
something in her eye and it should be
like and then she'd be like what is
anything on my own and she'll open up
her eye and I'll have to look inside it
this time under nothing ever in the eye
and she's always a demented there is
this time let's see no looks pretty
clear to me I feel it nothing all right
and I call it a classic so I'm pretty so
fun - you like text me like I'm having a
classic situation yeah so anyway right
we're in Kensington now Barker bloating
here beautiful art deco factory sort of
building I don't know it was a factory
but also yeah those are those clock on
the side the Daily Mail on it and I
don't know is this like the Daily Mail
offices is this soon is this where that
well trash rag gets written just joking
I love you Daily Mail readers we're best
friends
um but uh yeah maybe it is who knows
thanks anyway we're heading to wagamama
is it wagamama or make wagamama why
Kamala's yeah for lunch right here now
in the queue
last five homes do you like it when
restaurants have like an open kitchen
like that right that's how you doing
I find that it makes no difference to me
because you can never see what's
happening anywhere so I knew I could get
more the smell smell all right I think
we're about to get seated just ordered I
ordered something called firecracker
never had it before
I'm really branching out like chicken
rice and some spicy sauce also got some
chickens and gyoza love that stuff when
she gets I'm bronze yeah I got a
mushroom ramen today their winter menus
new and you have this mushroom Romans
are really cool
I've got some salad for a sauce
just had a lovely little meal and we
actually ran into a fellow Canadians she
was sitting beside us and she was like
how much do you guys tip here and she
was just here for a couple of days and
she was alone and she seemed a little
bit vulnerable and scared so we know
we've helped her out we told her when to
go we're like go to Harrods yeah we go
to Harrods go to Selfridges she said she
was like up for some shopping so I told
that as Len is getting himself some long
johns different variations what a
classic gray got to keep warm on those
cold days it's nice maroon color yeah
and then my favorite the camera yeah
very chic and be camouflaged I already
got some stuff as you can see a few
Christmas gifts and now we're in a very
long cute
Azlan and i are unfortunately splitting
up for time purposes we've got to get
home to our Reggie so I'm gonna go to
Whole Foods my nirvana some expense yes
and I'm gonna get out too cause because
I want to get a hat he needs a hat and
hopefully some mitts if you see
something so we're splitting up the back
baklava my weakness oh I am tempted I am
very tempted this is heaven right here
we've got candy canes out already I feel
like you forget that these even exist
until Christmas time comes around but my
god they are good oh my dog I'm tempted
I'm not going for it this is seriously
crazy
you put the cart beside you and it rides
down there it is just right beside me
with my Uniqlo bag and then it comes out
there it's very high-tech a little
overview of the fruits and vegetable
section
yeah
oh thank you
and I go for the hot and spicy guacamole
this time around BAM
freaking amazing guacamole oh my juice
juice
my nemesis I can't resist you I'm torn
between celery apple and kale or
beetroot carrot and lime my go for this
one a little more interesting as the
Lud's feet roof just look at this beauty
how can you not appreciate this if only
I knew what to do with half of these
things this is pretty cool you can make
your own peanut butter so peanuts here
come up there as butter now if I was
getting some like oh I'll get some why
not I want and maybe almond butter okay
what to the god okay so you just come
grab one of these containers and a lid
okay here we go
almond butter and I think you just turn
this on is that is that right is that
right
I I don't think that's right we'll see
we'll see don't worry everyone it is
right it's supposed to look like that so
thank God thank God for that we've got a
big-ass selection of chocolate going on
here not even really a huge chocolate
lover but I haven't tempted here is
Antipodes these two creams here I use
every day this is the vanilla day pod
cream I use that every morning and then
I use this one in the evening freakin
love this stuff and pie pie is amazing
if you do not have this rosehip oil you
need this in your life let me tell you
that right now
okay I got a little story about these
baubles water bottles so I've never seen
them they're like this and they're
supposed to filter the water now I feel
like they do do that
but it's actually really annoying to
drink out of this because you have to
like suck really hard and this can
actually crack really easily and I
actually broke mine and I'm not a very
rough person so whilst I love the way
they look it did fail me
it failed me pretty bad and look it even
has a lavender colored filter I mean I
would be all over that but I just can't
try it at once shame on me try it twice
shame on you I found myself in the dog
section naturally red she does love his
suit intended to get him some of this
paddywhacks
snack dog biscuits yes I might take a
little gander see what you might like
just found a cute little Burt's Bees
size got a little sample of the milk and
honey body lotion which I with him love
and now I'm craving it and a little lip
balm in it's $5.99 that's really nice I
could make a good little Christmas gift
little stocking stuffer I might have to
get that we seem to have a little
backlog
you'd be broken now I'm wondering how in
the hell am I going to get up to the
escalator soon oK we've got a man with a
plan
he's sorting it out good man oh god it's
stuck
can I go down nope nope I can't I can't
go down okay this is just a minor
freakout
all right you know just leave all my
food mush up and down there Oh God
reunited at last come to mama come on
don't ever leave me again
we've never been to this whole foods it
felt like a massive cheese room like
seriously it smells like somebody's
nasty feet up in this but it is good if
you had a cheese lover I don't know you
can probably see a little bit in there
it's just a room with cheese armies
Aslan is still shopping for clothes so
just gonna stand here you know alone in
the flower section got some gorgeous
flowers here and let's see these ones
like he's here okay stop screaming
stunning okay look at these things
unique very pretty
those are so nice I love flowers I love
having flowers at home I think it just
really brightens the mood but I've
already got some at the moment so no
need and now they've got like a nice
little Christmas section that I might
take a look at got some cute gift sets
and I haven't started Christmas shopping
mainly because I am a last-minute
shopper and
I'm very irresponsible about that but
you know last-minute gifts are somehow
some of the best ones they have a pretty
big neon section here and I just smelled
this candle I think it says the
Harmonized candle Scott pine cedar wood
and eucalyptus watch me smell that oh my
god it smells like Christmas I might
have to get this because I haven't
bought a Christmas candle yet and that's
amazing but they've got more down here
this is just like their regular season
stuff God's amazing gift sets
holy mother we just got home and luckily
as I'm finished clothes shopping and
yeah we just got home and I thought I
would show you guys what we've got from
Whole Foods I like doing grocery
shopping hauls is that weird I love to
see what people buy like food wise and
I'm always up for finding out new
recipes so do you guys know many
bloggers that do like healthy cooking
recipes let me know because I am on the
hunt for new interesting recipes anyway
let me just take everything out of the
bags and I'll show you what we got I've
tried my best to put things into
categories but I'm just going to quickly
go over a few things well I'll go
through everything
Tim's dairy I've never tried it before I
actually don't love yogurt but for some
reason I like Greek style yogurt I don't
love it but I like it better but this
has raspberries in apparently and I
thought this might be good for breakfast
in the morning with some granola and
some other fruit in it so we'll see how
that goes I got some almond milk because
you know I'm trying to get into that I
like the taste of it I hate the taste of
it in tea but I like the taste of it
like in cereal or just in other things -
juicy mangoes these are supposed to be
super sweet clementines pomegranate for
Aslan because he loves these so do i I
love them a lot and two juices I
couldn't decide which one to get so this
one is strawberry orange celery kale
broccoli and spinach and I just thought
this might be good as sort of like a
snack in between breakfast and lunch
because I always it kind of tired at
that time of day I'm always kind of
hungry so I got that one and then this
one is beetroot kiwi and carrot so that
should be good I got some chicken
going to make this tonight and I also
got some pre-made chicken and vegetable
soup seem to have okay ingredients and
sometimes I just need something quick
and I don't really feel like cooking I
got these little pickle type of things I
love pickles these are olives really
yummy olives and the guacamole of course
can't go to Whole Foods about getting
some guacamole some raspberries and
avocado this is the almond butter which
I thought was really weird when it came
out I've never seen almond butter that
was like this I've always seen it like
as puree but this is kind of like
crumbly so I just see I've never tried
this and just some regular almonds this
is one of the yes - cucumber soothing
natural glow facial towelettes and I
know people say do not use face wipes to
take off your makeup but sometimes I
just feel like I need to use this before
I actually cleanse my face and I just
wanted to I just wanted them I just
wanted face wipes is that a crime and I
also got a bone for Reggie it says
filled bone smoked we do get him bones
from the butcher occasionally but he
doesn't really seem to like them that
much and sometimes I just like to give
him a little bone to play with I'm the
thing with bones is they smell
disgusting like I'll give him a bone and
the entire living room will reek of like
toe jam but you know that's fine if he
likes it that's all that really matters
now I think I'm going to get into my
pajamas and wait for Alan to get home we
might make some food we shall see which
I'll say something about Reggie you may
not know is that he loves paper and if
he sees paper he becomes obsessed and he
wants to eat it and he just tried to eat
this book and he also loves bags and he
was just trying to eat this book I mean
this bag he may look like he is resting
but he is in a very frisky mood and he's
gonna start running any minute now you
can see in his eyes and look at his tail
I don't know if you can see tail you are
risky aren't you red get your toys
turkey vulture
like I'll take that all right Azlan went
clothes shopping as we all know and he
got a hat I want to want to try this
beast on hats done should be very well
hats
it's the neverending problem with Aslan
because of his head and when you stick
out your ears are a little bit yeah is
that better oh yeah that's better yeah
that's better
oops is that does that look good I don't
know I got I got a good listen to
Merritt this is I'm just trying to get
all angles here I think it looks good
actually yeah you're a man who needs a
hat so I stay says it doesn't sue me
because of the way I wear there's
something odd about as live in a hats
and neither of us can put our finger on
why it's like this rude like this I feel
like this is like a Craig David
impression or something like it's not
III then I don't think I'm cool enough
to pull off this which is a kind of like
thank what guys I don't actually see the
point because you're not over your ears
it's not gonna keep you home it's not
that's good that's good yeah yeah that's
it go from the back the back yeah too
much yeah yeah yeah that's better that's
better well I don't have this weird tuft
you gotta have a little tough a little
tough yeah okay so I'm in the living
room is this thing wrong yeah I'm in the
living room and I just here as and say
what did I say
but the almond butter I'm just like what
whatever I know is that said this is an
almond butter yeah okay that's not what
you said you said this almond butter
isn't buttery at all it's like little
chunks there's always hidden butter it's
all look look at it I know I know
it says butter like peanut butter
bahahaha should be happy I feel like
really self-conscious I'm putting on
like a really heavy British accent right
now but I'm not
this butter should be more like butter
not chunks of olive wife this is what
happens I don't chop with you and you
end up getting this no buzzes so I'll
just tell her what happened
oh my so I go to turn the freakin
machine on and in speak of these chunks
well then why don't you contact one of
the people be like excuse me your
machine mail butters oh then I looked
and there you know how they have
pre-made ones yeah all the pre-made ones
were like that well obviously some idiot
it was like oh it couldn't be bothered
to readjust machine saying I'm an idiot
for thinking that's proper well let's
clean up butter have you have you ever
seen oh yeah like I'm not reqtest
on toes it's not enough butter let me
try it try it you can't spread it the
machine was calibrated I said when I was
like doing I was like I've never seen up
a butter this like can you can you open
it please this this is let me try this
chunk it could taste good though no just
say good it's literally like almond
powder this this right here this is
enough butter this is the good this
is like full of sugar Skippy style this
is yeah what the hell I thought happened
did you get healthy peanut butter no we
have some yeah healthy BMI huh yeah so
anyway I just thought that was really
funny but now I know I actually did
screw up majorly Reggie's like I like
almonds I don't care if it's on pottery
Oh little guy do you guys want to see a
sneak peek into our junk drawer jumped
wrong it's literally no joke oh you're
done I'm done with the collard greens
spelt crackers I don't know if you guys
have a junker like this where you
literally just throw stuffing well they
got us this the contest of this junk
trove being severely the junk abide in
the past like the only like actual junk
is this Bible little caramel butter and
then maybe so for desperate times and
then don't behind Reggie sit and also
there's some cookies in here right here
but you know anyway I think we're gonna
end the vlog here for tonight unless do
you have anything else to say just
hugging your main man you don't know Moe
a nice petting
oh he's so good
he's becoming global companies coming to
the spot of the kitchen yeah like he
never used to come here
no you know the good stuff is done in
this sense yeah anyway and I think we're
gonna go watch some TV oh my god I'm
addicted to Modern Family like I'm on
episode 9 and just can I just say this
WTF
why the face anyone then anyway I didn't
really deliver that very well but it's a
really funny show and so I think we're
just gonna watch that chill out because
tomorrow is a nice long day of doing my
essay and Aslan is kindly going to help
me because he's very good at writing
essays and I need guidance because um
the first draft isn't isn't always the
best draft Oh nobody the first draft
isn't draft at all is just like a
spewing of random bullet points I find
everything so hard like give me a
multiple-choice test no problemo
but the essays oh I just don't I feel
license which will problemo big problem
for me thanks for spending our Saturday
with us and now we will see you later
bye bye
