so you join me on lovely winter's
evening a few you wanted me to give
recipes about things that I cook I won't
be giving a recipe just showing you what
I'm making for dinner tonight
there's my two of my beautiful ones and
stay hard at work who hardly working
let's see oh no actually how to work
well just close the toilet I know and
then this way she's doing out in the
corner he's had an evening walk his meal
for lexing a couple people actually said
that they love your dog voice yeah yeah
like we were like I love Aslan's dog
so people have dog voice I think it's so
natural senses talk person's like I
don't know in a different way oh yeah
also open to it yeah oh yeah good boy
good boy
oh yeah anyway to the cooking so tonight
we're going to make like a three part
meal so first of all I'm gonna make a
little weird salad the ingredients will
be tomatoes cucumbers beets red cabbage
kale and some edamame beans for
crunchiness the side kind of garnish
will be red lentils with green beans and
for the protein we have chicken and I'll
be seeing with spring onions garlic and
the seasoning one provided by these
things our secret favorite seasonings
ever Montreal chicken grill spice and
then the classic Montreal steak spice
this stuff has maybe a little too much
kind of like cumin ease like lemony
tardiness so I mix these two up these
are good what you want from this is a
peppery garlic enos nothing else so
first thing first get two little sauce
buns on the boil
make sure you add salt to both of them
actually I just put some salt in so not
only is important for the flavor but
it's also important because it brings a
boiling temperature the water down so it
boils faster so you know that's
essential whilst we wait for that to
boil let's concentrate on getting the
chicken seasoned because we want to let
that marinate for as long as possible
first off get your chicken pop it in a
bowl this chick I really like this
chicken you can get it Sainsbury's
already kind of pre-cancer really thin
pieces which is fun because I have pan
fry these and I want to take it too long
so yeah if your chicken comes normal
chicken breast just pop it down and just
beat it into kind of I would say perhaps
like a centimeter and a half thick or so
so we're going to using two large pieces
for tonight's dinner oh and would you
look at that this is actually brought
more class than I expected so get your
lentils you want one part lentils five
parts water so measure out that boiling
water before you pour it in there
pour in the lentils I normally just try
to aggravate them a little bit something
you know just make sure water gets all
in there and then we leave them just be
you should really in it the initial part
you should boil hard for about 10
minutes and then half an hour slow
simmer okay back to the chicken so you
got your two thin pieces all you want to
do is you want to get your spices and
this I mean I'm using this stuff you can
use whatever spice you want even if it's
just salt and pepper it's better than
nothing so skip this stuff and if you
can open it which I am having trouble
with there we go just pop in as much or
as little as you'd like I like it really
peppery so I put in lots and then this
stuff there's other kind of more tart
lemony stuff just a little not as much
and then this will always happen of
course it's going to over boil No
okay so you're kind of salt and pepper
II seasoning now we just need to cut up
the onions and garlic use much garlic as
you want I'm going to use about 2 or 3
cloves
okay so you got your spring onions just
pop them into them very easy so I go
about four garlic cloves I just need to
crush them and add them to the bowl okay
so now we've got all of our seasoning in
there and it's time for some lubrication
what I'm going to use is grapeseed oil
and a big big fan of grapeseed oil
mainly because it has no taste it's
quite good whew and also because has a
very high smoking point so you can
actually heat it to very high
temperature so you get a nice lovely
browning effect so I'm going to use that
and some lemon and I'm going to just add
half reducer lemon and probably a couple
of tablespoons of grapeseed oil into the
bowl and now we need to do is just give
it a good old mix make sure lemon juice
gets everywhere so do all different
spices and then once that stuff just
leave it be for what I would actually
would be until your lentils are done
because these should only take about
four or five minutes on the frying pan I
stay just complaining as normal at
Dennis taking too long I'm just like oh
my god then it's on at 8 this is crazy
it's in your pocket nice and Alan's been
gone all day and I knew he was gonna
make dinner tonight and Ikey said he's
gonna be home at 6:00 meanwhile I was
home at 6:30 but I did have a snack
cottage cheese and olives but not tied
to me I'm so we've been on this health
cake and I haven't had pizza in like a
week
she's dogs going through major
withdrawal major junk food enjoy
and we're probably thinking during
vlogmas that there's gonna be some
serious withdrawal parts of the vlogs
because so if we like acting extra moody
and annoying that's why it's I yeah
anyway let us move on to the salad so
because I'm using curly kale curly kale
and its raw state I'm not a big fan of
if you're a real hippie I'm sure you'll
like it raw but what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna put a handful of it maybe a little
bit more because it it actually
disappears into nothingness maybe
they're like one and a half handfuls
into a bowl here and I'm going to put
some pour some boiling water over the
top and let it settle for about four or
five minutes and over they should cook
it through a little bit whilst that
happens prepare the recipe parts of the
salad so I've got some red cabbage just
about maybe like two and a half inches
thick one this amount got some Tomatoes
got some cucumber again I'm probably
gonna use this much in about 100
cuttings ready thank you probably only
gonna use about this much of cucumber
and a couple of beet roots I'd say and
all you want to do is just chop these up
in any way you want
fine rough it's up to you whatever
floats your boat don't forget you're on
a beans or green beans
cuz I've only got ten minutes for the
lentils are done what I'm going to do is
I'm going to just chop these up roughly
and then put them in the other pot of
boiling water they should take about ten
minutes I mean depending how crunchy one
I'm only going to put them in for five
or so oh no what I said earlier about
the time Mohammed how long to boil these
for apparently you should only boil for
about three or four minutes so there you
go so pop them in no half boiling water
why it's when you've got about two or
three minutes left on the lentils
constantly the lentils they look more
like a lentil soup more than lentils
which is a real shame but we're gonna go
with it anyway we will try to mix them
up and who knows maybe we'll be kind of
like a lentil II green bean curry
something wrong is out I think that'll
be nice that'd be nice yeah okay so
we're gonna go back to the salad now
chop all these bits and pieces up I have
just a mandolin chopper here and just
help me cuz really
much time in a hurry okay now time for
the dressing for the salad it's very
simple like to get some olive oil some
balsamic vinegar I always like to add a
little bit of mirin when I'm making
sounders because it's sweet and it just
takes the edge off a little bit I think
that adds a lot to it and a hell of a
lot of pepper so all you have to do just
add these ingredients two or three
tablespoons of olive oil about a third
of that or balsamic vinegar teeny teeny
tiny bit of mirin and then I have a lot
of pepper because I like it to be
peppery when I get a balloon whisk and
just really always get together really
thoroughly you'll have your delicious
concoction you can simply just drizzle
over top like this then you want to just
get a couple of spoons just mix it all
together you sure it's thoroughly mixed
you want to just cut everything in that
dressing salad prepared and then get
your @mr me beans now quite large by
themselves there's build with shock
sometimes when you crunch into them so I
just like to crush them up just using my
fingers just like that
in a bowl you just crush them up into
smaller pieces so they're a bit more
digestible and passable and then just
pull them over the top
there you go hey presto the salad is
done so by this point both your lentils
and your green beans should be done we
want to do add just a little bit of body
you know we're trying to keep this
healthy just add a little bit about it
to the green beans and also add some
salt to them and just mix them up but I
kind of screwed up with this so I'm not
sure what is going to happen but I'm
going to try something so I'm just going
to take this mixture and I'm just going
to drain it in a very very fine sieve
let me drain hey-ho let's see what
happens
getting all that water out that's good
there's no this is on-the-fly
creativity on the fly then when I get
our beans and pop them back in here and
this is made an impromptu lentil and
Bheem dal curry sort of thing this is
going to be delicious so let's just keep
them warm keep them in there put the lid
on so let's get this chicken cooking put
a pan on a medium heat I'm going to add
just a little bit of my favorite grape
seed oil let that heat up nicely spread
it all around make sure it's nice and
hot put that chicken on there nice and
hot now let's turn the heat down a
little bit because they all Desert Ain
this all does retain the heat very well
okay so you want to just will be
sizzling furiously because of that lemon
juice up in there that's fun drop it
down
and do not touch it let it cook on one
side for about two to three minutes Oh
Oh got a little bit of oil flashback
that's fine just control it no worries
so that's two or three minutes on one
side whilst you're waiting get your
plates ready and perhaps get some juice
out on the table
get your knives and forks out uh-huh so
after two or three minutes when you flip
them over you have some good color so
once it's come up to about two or three
minutes it's already want to check your
chicken get the thickest part of the
chicken just cut it open and see if it's
still raw so as we can see inside here
that's brooding that's pretty much done
a lovely color on both sides are you
even looking at the chicken yeah okay
lovely column goes on are you looking at
the chicken no we won't no yes no no we
won't
so let's get the chicken chop it down so
let's not forget about a lentil they've
been in here for a while actually that's
pretty good so we're going to just pop
just a spoonful on the side here and
let's just add a little bit of pepper to
this and we'll bring these over to the
table now we've got our salad this looks
terrible
so up a little bit of that rent man
serve it out
contrast I think to the colors actually
looks amazing
there you go this is the red cabbage
lentil bean chicken it just lets the
only ingredient chicken a la Aslan yum
yum yum
okay seriously Kim email yes as we sit
and listen to Daniel Radcliffe and Oprah
on the one show as Stacey did notice
what's going on here it's no salad oh
okay listen I don't know why you're
filming this because you already know
why my graph I don't like when my food
touches so I want having a chicken how
this lentils and then have salad I'm
separately later okay well that the hot
how's the chicken it's amazing how the
lentils even though it's kind of a last
minute concoction I didn't think I would
like the lentil concoction I would
actually say I would have it again no
yeah I really liked it
your consistency something I'm not used
to but I'm up I'm up for trying stuff
like that I've had lentil soup so just
under Sun I've had lentil soup but I've
never had like I've never had anything
like that before it becomes amazing
mm-hmm mango the marination that's key
so kind of success so if you want a sort
of healthy so I'm not healthy it's kind
of middle middle um you didn't say this
is healthy I would well here do what I
wanted tonight dominoes yeah mine is
healthier than Domino's I mean really
healthy there's a lot of oils it's not
oh I did add a little oil but I think
it's all good or grace you know it's
good olive oil is good so you know I
kicked your coat shiny yeah if you had a
coke what kind of car you talking about
okay no
because I was walking Ranchi today these
two little girls were pointing at
Reggie's coat asking me what that was
and they were like what's what's this I
said it's his coat and I pointed to his
fur and mom said that's his other coat
and I was trying to I was trying to like
the story is going nowhere I'm not
worried I was like okay my
