good morning ready
it's about 7:45 just taking Reggie on a
walk he's in his tweed coat looking like
a pimp again I normally take him to the
park but uh he's not too interesting
going to the park today and he's kind of
wants to go this way so I just thought I
would take him a different route see
where the world takes us right edgy man
we found a park as you see some
squirrels he's just scoping out the
scene also you'll probably notice that
he's got is a normal collar back on that
is because he absolutely hates his um
oh man it's too early for this before 8
o'clock and I'm trying to think of words
a good idea uh harness he hates his
harness with the passion and won't even
go for a walk with that like Aslan put
it on him and he went to sets out the
door and then he wouldn't go anywhere
he'd look just stood there and he
wouldn't go so now he wears his collar
again but a lot of people had questions
about this collar why it's so high up on
his neck
basically this collar is specifically
designed for dogs like greyhounds
they're called martingale collars and
they don't hurt the dog but they sit
quite high up on the neck because as you
can see their neck is quite thick and
their head is quite skinny so it's very
easy for their head to slip out of the
collar if it's not tight around the neck
but it's not super tight I don't usually
do it up extremely tight or anything but
it's not uncomfortable for them in any
way and they're actually designed for
greyhounds and that's what the kennel
recommended that we use and they
actually gave him this one so don't
worry but I'm gonna try to keep on the
harness I don't know I can't think that
word today try to keep on the harness
because it's good hopefully he'll just
kind of get used to it and it'll just
take him a few tries as for today I'm
not doing anything like super exciting
we got to bed really late last night
like 2:30 3 o'clock it was probably like
1:30 but it felt like you know I don't
know it felt like 4 a.m. and I have a
lot of like just stuff to do a prokta
film video for my beauty channel um not
a beauty related video though I'm gonna
film a food-related video which you'll
see later and I've got to edit a couple
of videos and just do a couple of things
at home so it's fasten your seat belt
ladies and gentlemen because it's gonna
be a very wild day
something else that's really funny about
having Reggie is he's quite a big dog
and when people have kids and they're
just walking down the street you can
literally see their parents faces the
terror in them that this dog is gonna
attack them or something which I totally
understand like it's a massive dog and
you don't want like your kids to go near
a dog that is potentially dangerous but
it's just so funny and now that I know
the character Reggie how nice he is and
then the parents are like oh get away
but then lots of people when I just I
just tried to smile and say like don't
worry he's big but he's very nice dog
and then they usually let their kids pet
him and stuff which is all good it was
really funny actually because this
little kid was petting Reggie and then
Reggie kind of wandered off and went pee
and the kid just started screaming you
see as peeing is very disgusting um I
wish I didn't do it myself because it's
so gross but hey I don't know where I'm
going with this
any of you saw my Primark haul on my
beauty Channel you'll recognize these
the demon socks I've officially stolen
them from Aslan and I think they are
hilariously amazing I love them I love
anything with a face on socks I think
that that's so funny and yeah just a
little sock update I'm just making some
tea I'm not really sure what I'm going
to have for breakfast because I'm kind
of feeling a bit can't see me touching
my stomach but I'm kind of feeling a bit
queasy and no I'm not pregnant geez you
guys sheesh
but I'm having this tea pig's green tea
with mint just to try to simmer things
down a little bit but seriously any time
any woman on YouTube says she's feeling
a little bit ill it's instantly pregnant
she's there's pond percent sure she's
pregnant well I'm not let me tell you
that I'm not yeah so I'm just gonna
drink my tea and I've got a vlog from
yesterday actually uploading now it's
gonna go up at 9:30 this morning which I
don't know why I'm telling you because
by that time it'll have passed and but I
am yeah I'm just kind of waiting for
that to go up and I'll reply to some
comments but right now of course I have
to watch the ladies blog from its Judy's
life it has to be done every single day
I'm just trying to quickly edit this
video for ttyl which is my channel with
Gemma and it's taking a lot longer than
I would have thought mainly because I
cannot use Final Cut Pro to save my
freakin life it is about YouTube and why
you should or should not start YouTube
and just basically talking about YouTube
and our thoughts on the subject so I'm
kind of late on this it should have been
uploaded already but yeah it's taking
longer than I thought so you know how I
told you guys I was going to be doing a
recipe type of food-related video for my
beauty channel well that recipe is going
to be an apple crumble pie and I've only
made it once before
like 3-4 years ago maybe and it was
really good and I've never made as 'ln a
pie I don't know I just gotta feel like
I should I know I bake cookies and stuff
but I thought I would make like a pie
and I thought I would film it and put on
my beauty channel as like a sort of
recipe like autumn recipe or something
umm and I called my grandma yesterday
because I wanted to ask her like tips on
how to make it because she makes the
best apple crumble Oh grandpa it's Effie
I'm good how are you doing Gramps oh um
can I just talk can I just talk to
grandma really quick
alright thanks hi grandma
oh I'm good are you busy ok I have a
question about apple crumble pie yeah
I'm gonna make it for Aslan tomorrow is
that how you do it because that's why
I'm calling I need your advice yeah I've
got lots of apples yeah because I went
grocery shopping the other day and then
Aslan's mom gave me even more apples so
I've got to make the crumble alright
grandma well thanks a lot and I'll call
you tomorrow if I have any problems yeah
let me know what you've got any
complaints okay I'll talk to you later
grandma bye and there are a few things
that I don't actually have so we've got
to go to the grocery store and get some
stuff so I've made a list unsalted
butter eggs nutmeg lemon ice cream to
top it all off with and I also need a
pie plate I can't really write and hold
this hot pie plate and something to put
the pie in let me just try to draw a pie
that's the pan and then on the top is
going to be sprinkles of sugar and
crumble this is the pie just like this
maybe we'll go I got apple crumble oops
from full yeah so that's what I'm gonna
go do right now
look at him it is majestic for this is
called ro Qing this is what greyhounds
do apparently when they're in a full
state of ease I don't know but it's so
funny
he likes the chest rubs 20 legs look at
his mouth look at his big overbite Oh
little Reggie Ridgeway he's so funny his
majestic form hello Reggie
Aslan has always wanted a bonsai tree
but they're so expensive like hundreds
of pounds sometimes but this one is only
eight pounds and it's actually four
years old what is this even a bonsai
tree or is it Justin it doesn't even
look real really are you gonna get it he
says no I love this mini cheese
selection
amazing you can get any tree for one
pound good for like if you're on the go
and want some cheese something we've got
chili cheddar mature cheddar apricot
that's crazy
thought I'd show you that I love
anything miniature very cute we just got
back from grocery shopping as you can
see we got quite a little bit thought
I'd show you what we got in the grocery
store some eggs some potatoes for
tonight and we're going to roast some
chicken
this is persimmon I don't know if it's a
fruit or vegetable I feel really dumb
that I don't know what this is but I'm
sure as them will tell you guys is a
Zhaan's wild mushroom soup sauce some
sort of sauce and we got this chicken
gravy because we're gonna roast the
chicken tonight have a little gravy
bagels
I was totally roped into this thang
crunchy it's Christmas I love crunchy
bars and I thought this was like an
entire crunchy but Aslan says it's like
four or five just packaged up in this
long stick I'm gonna open it later so
we'll see what it is I hope it's one
long crunchy cottage cheese butter for
the pie nutmeg for the pie vanilla ice
cream which I've got to put away it's
melting right fast but that is for the
apple pie video some vegetable soup
bread oh my god this looks so good
Italian provolone mozzarella and
pecorino it's like a little bread thing
think you put it in the oven this beef
is for Reggie because he eats beef as
well as his kibble and rosemary some
lettuce this is lamb's lettuce which is
my favorite and there's some bread if I
didn't say that
some tomatoes strawberries as I got this
trick so and chicken gira so Lily I
don't know I don't know about what that
is what it looks like ravioli but I'm
sure there's a difference between gira
so Lee
jeera so Lee and ravioli Brussels
sprouts for dinner tonight raspberries
Halkidiki I love saying that word
hideki olives guacamole more Tomatoes
pineapple
this looks good I've never had it before
but it is a pink lady apple juice and
pink lady apples are my favorite so I
thought that'd be good this is what I'm
going to use for the pie dish and then
I thought it'd be cool to make like
personal pies stay tuned for that on my
beauty Channel some corn pate and some
spring onions I knew it was oh it's not
it's not I knew it was when it's done oh
oh
Ripoff oh look an Jesus ghost that is a
total ripoff over yeah so it's like 450
for four of these chocolate bars one of
these is like 60p or something I just
got totally wrong good but I do love
crunchies but not not that much not I'd
have to pay double damn you this is
quite the cash and statement bright neon
trainers and the Damon Sox here's Reggie
going on his lunchtime walk just a quick
one right Reggie just too quick with I'm
just getting ready to film the apple
crumble video and as you can see we are
setting up the lights quite a few little
lights but you can see how dark it is in
here without the lights on well I mean
two are on and it's still pretty dark
but basically I've just got all my
ingredients out here ready to be filmed
like that ah just finished filming my
apple crumble well I'm not even done it
yet but um I did like the part before
I'm cooking it as was just over you're
petting Reggie again Reggie is in his
so-called majestic form anyway that
actually took so much longer than I
thought
I thought like oh how long does it take
to bake a pie like half an hour well
this I think I started about two and a
half hours ago something like that and
I'm still not even done yet but I did
actually finish the pie here they are
mmm apple crumble and then two of these
mini ones with the extra stuff now I've
got this lovely mess to clean up
I think it just took so long because I
never really film this kind of video and
it was really hard for me to get the
correct angles and it just took a lot
longer than I thought to actually set it
up but I'm just getting ready to pop the
pie in the oven and then once that's
done I'll film the rest of the video and
then I've got to actually edit the ttyl
video which I started this morning and
didn't actually finish
yom-yom yeah let me try that again
yum-yum it gets darker a lot earlier
it's about five o'clock 5:15 and Reggie
is afraid of the dark not completely
afraid but you can tell that he's not
completely comfortable
yeah like sometimes he trots along like
normal and then other times he just
doesn't want to walk but he seems okay
now so I'll take advantage of this
moment okay let's do this thing
hopefully I can finish this up tonight I
wish it was that easy gee I just
finished editing that video for ttyl and
I'll have that link down below it's
basically just a video all about
starting YouTube if you should start
YouTube if you want to start YouTube
just basically Jemma and I are talking
about YouTube but that will definitely
be up by the time this vlog is up now
it's oh man it feels like I think it's
almost 7 o'clock now and Aslan has been
slaving away in the kitchen making
dinner but I'm really dreading what I
have to do next
I've been putting this off for a very
long time a very very long time and I
did even more laundry today so it's just
added to the thing I was putting off and
here you have it this is what I have to
do before dinner I have to put all of
these clothes away here is the chicken
as I cook with some potatoes and then
Athens's
roasting these tomatoes in
Oh which this is like the g15
permutation yes that's that here we have
it the final meal these Tomatoes I
haven't tried one yet but they're like
the super sweet kind how do they make
them so sweet I think just kind of
variety and it's also slow growth right
but anyway they're really sweet so you
know chicken the potatoes I've got water
a salt and pepper we got the gravy over
there and I think we're just gonna have
a nice little meal it's now about 9:30
10 o'clock stretch PG how long is it
gonna take you guys to be sick of that
but he's still stretching right now it's
about 9:30 10 o'clock at night and I
just went to check on the export of the
ttyl video that I've been editing on and
off all day it failed basically
something was messed up so I had to like
I have to re-edit the entire thing but I
had to rillette it a lot of it and now
it's exporting again so hopefully it
just works this time and I can upload it
overnight because our internet is so
slow it takes like 10 hours to upload a
video so that should be done exporting
in about 45 minutes or so and then I'm
gonna answer some emails I'm gonna write
up a blog post I think for tomorrow
morning try to get that you know done
and dusted and then I think I'm gonna
watch Vampire Diaries and possibly take
a bath so um I Reggie so I think I'm
going to end the vlog here for this
evening uh really nothing exciting
happens so now you can actually see what
my day-to-day life is like and you can
get a taste for vlogmas so when I'm
doing well I'm doing things but I'm not
doing anything exciting really so um
yeah I'm gonna wrap it up now and I will
see you later
say bye Reggie oh he's like come on
can't we go to bed now Oh
bye guys Oh
