so I'm actually out on an evening on a
weekday which kind of feels a little bit
force for me
not usually I don't usually do this sort
of thing but today the exception because
s-stay is part of a bloggers panel and
she's kind of doing this talk questions
and answer thing at the Apple Store
registry so are we going there to show
my support you know I got to put up the
the answers just in case any trick to
the tricky questions come up I'll be
like say this already she knows what
she's doing
anyway so that's why I'm headed I'm
headed to the reasoning sorry on our
Oxford Circus wasn't too bad the journey
quite quick was alright so heading
towards the Apple store actually I got
here about 15 minutes early I'm glad
those I think it might be a little bit
busy so I do want to get a seat there it
is an apple store industry living busy
on the inside actually fun fact real
estate used to work here I don't know if
you people knew that so it's kind of
nice that with those she's doing this at
this store you know things coming full
circle nicely here we are coming up to
the theater in the back oh it's actually
sort of busy kind of busy Tom oh yeah so
event is arrived I feel woozy one
there
miked up it's interesting
Kristen Mike man so it very pleased to
be back with school diffracting and
another one did it all come to our last
series one person tell me tonight we're
doing eating this week within crash the
next week and through the week after so
you keep keep coming back because you'll
be learning lots of different things
they let me introduce our fantastic
progress we have Fleur from fledged
rules we have Lily from what what I
thought no that only couples down there
you pedal yeah probably pedals on hang
on okay and you have a stake from se box
thank you very much this is all the
hardcore followers these are the people
who stay behind to say hi
the real hugs oh yeah hopefully this
will be done soon you know in a bit
while half an hour chat that's so fine
she's freed released from the demon not
the whole thing just me leaving the door
and Perry this is not enough adventure
for a stay for one day she wants to go
to Topshop and get yourself some shoes
so off we go
I kind of like late-night shopping
especially in a place like this because
like such a weird lighting and it's late
at night I kind of feel like I'm in like
another world yeah and I just want to
like lose it I'm losing myself in the
basement music I just care about the
feeling of being in a garage consumerist
rain hello
so the reason why we stopped filming
quite a robbery there because we were
actually torn up about filming inside
and I have to say Topshop this is the
first shop in London that has been torn
up about this how does that make you
feel full of green how does it make you
feel to be a meanie no problem mmm
love me some late-night convenience
store shopping for dairy look at this
this looks delicious prepackaged chicken
boy
this one is a particularly well store
buckle won t be a good new midnight
snack
so nearly home now like Annie John's now
the poor old guy he needs to feel loved
24/7 she does feel of 20% I am starving
actually didn't up dinner I don't know
why I hate that I don't know why she
does this no it's just because like I
wasn't nervous to talk or anything but
you know when you just can't eat just
finish up large fries a shake just
before a big public performance big
public it was a big public performance
essentially she was just like Barack
Obama in like an inaugural speeches
millions of people you know your bet
something you can't I don't know am I
the only one who gets like I just can't
eat goal now I'm starving
oh damn he is always enough focusing
guarantees all yeah hi Reggie
hi hi good boy Oh spit you were too
straight oh yeah go stretch again let's
stretch again
oh there you go she likes this Tracy Oh
y'all honestly does he'll probably
stretch from the next so then it Joyce
is first they're pretty sad at this
moment we made pizza but it is Tesco
finest I mean this could be the best
pizza we've ever had I'm doubtful but
it's still hope alternatively there is
curry ramen or dry noodles I can't guess
things gonna negate this option chase
curry
still have to be this does look like I'm
a kid
this thing was wearing just a bra I'm
not I'm not naked I do have a full top
on oh I was just sitting on the stairs
replying to some tweets and I'm only at
all the travel there's no jobs oh my god
I am wearing a shirt trust me I have and
what was I saying
oh I'm just replying to some tweets and
reading through some pictures that you
guys took at the event which is amazing
and all I hear is aslan blogging like
seriously are you reborn to blog have a
lot of opinions of people need to hear
them no I love it I think I'm just gonna
put this vlog up as is and call it as
Long's blog be cut but bleakest
because he really did take over and he
didn't even knock you have to inform me
of everything you do but I had no idea
it was I did some ninja blogging she
means you didn't know about this but you
know okay this book is probably not too
long anyway so you can kind of bring
this up I see button vlogs right is
technically my vlog Channel technically
but it's really a joint endeavour I
think yeah I mean because you know I
mean we all know you only watch it for
me honestly I asked you guys on Facebook
I'm some tag videos and a lot of you
guys were like I don't care what kind of
video you do as long as I was like oh
thanks so this is a joint channel and
yeah there's gonna be a little bit of
both of us and especially if we do
vlogmas there's a blog miss if we do
vlogmas hashtag possibly I'm not ready
into it perhaps that will reveal that
we're really actually boring people do
nothing all the time yeah and but no I
think I think we will do vlogmas is it
too early to admit that we will try our
best to do vlogmas so the cat is out of
the bag but yet when we do vlogmas it is
gonna be a joint collaboration isn't it
it will be and I can tell you by the end
of it my arm muscles will be a lot
stronger is called a commis thank you
you would have no idea how hard it is
yeah so anything else you want to say
for the evening thanks again I think I
said earlier but thanks again to anyone
who came out to the Apple store tonight
that was amazing and yeah it's really
cool to meet you guys and now that I'm
reading all the tweets I'm like so cool
anyway yeah thank you for watching and
we'll see soon bye
