hello bitch hello oh hello oh you're
tired rich good morning Ritchie good
morning good stretch stretch stretch
you're playing this early in the morning
you're playing oh are you got to watch
that thing get your monkey get your
boogie this used to squeak but not
anymore
he's devoured it get it get it by the
way that slipper that's now officially
his he's taken it over you seriously
cannot get better orange juice than this
Tesco's finest freshly squeezed orange
juice with juicy bits aka pulp but I
think what this is is look at this cap
okay it takes you about five hours to
get this damn cap off look at this and
you just try and try and get your drink
and the frickin thing doesn't come off
and this isn't because I'm doing it
one-handed
this is how it is every time you can't
get this thing off even if you like pull
it you can't there we go it is all worth
it when you get that sweet sweet taste
of orange don't you hate it when you
fill the cup to the brim and then
there's like a little bit left and you
just want to pour it on top but you're
trying to be responsible because it's
gonna spill everywhere something Reggie
is famous for is he makes a huge mess by
his bowl you see this I'm constantly
cleaning it and then he gets all over
the mat and then what he doesn't see
lays in his bed and we call it snoot
patrolling he snooped patrols for the
rest of the food and I just caught him
in the act
it's actually pretty funny but I just
find hilarious that you lays in his bed
and does it like the ultimate laziness
but he'll Snoop patrol all around that
bowl you snoop patrolling
oh it does not get much lazier than
those folks no it does not she just end
up and eat there you go there you go the
excitement when Reggie knows he is going
for a walk
watch this is he going for a walk
stretch Reggie good boy
all of these crunchy leaves Reggie is
actually scared of leaves but he's
facing his fears today walk through the
leaf veg see if he won't he hates them
oh he's gonna be on them he does not
like leaves he hates crows he hates
leaves he hates squirrels he hates cats
he's like a real dog Aslan is now a wake
up and Adam we're going to the park
nobody's excited on me usually when
you're trying to put the collar on
he's just stretches like you can't even
get the thing on because he's stretching
so I was gonna go to the bar there we go
he just loves stretching this dog I
don't know why well what would you love
stretching if you like had such a long
lean muscles like he does know but
seriously he does love the stretch he
stretches his hind legs his front legs
every type of like every kind of like
he's got he's stretching it his tail
he's placed to stretch his stomach you
know the special edge baby Reggie we're
going to show you how Reggie soars into
the back of a car
here we go like a pro we've been at the
park for a total of about two minutes
and Reggie's already met five dogs yeah
yeah I don't know how to make friends
he's a very very good at that yeah we'll
come
with us like asking yeah it's all about
writing because lots of times we don't
see other greyhounds but we see lurchers
yeah and they're kind of similar show me
your skills
oh yeah that was a hole-in-one Oh
three-pointer do a three-pointer shot
over to this one a three-point yeah
nothing but net gone guys we all know
I'll be much better at this table tennis
know what handers like you said the five
dumb yeah like you Forrest Gump
they didn't he do double hand it well I
don't know you didn't you didn't swim in
the air oh yeah I can see that that's
like tennis
that's like proper tennis oh no no have
you been tilted really oh yeah full
swing see it much but then you'd like
stand back there or something you know
how could he opponent is the man knows a
lot about table tennis or as I call it
ping pong ping will be actually
different game table tennis you can sit
on this side and you're not mentioning
your side before it's a bonus all right
ping pong is you you didn't get your
side of it okay well we're learning a
lot here ladies and gentlemen
yeah yeah actually the best time to hit
a tennis ball obviously
is when either the top of this curve so
you're probably in the back when it gets
right to the top of its kind of flight
path that's when you meant to hit it you
get the best power let's spin
sounds like you play professionally um
okay show us your best skills here oh
yeah wow you actually did all of it
really huh
let's see if I can Jess you couldn't do
it lady I faith still give ups keep them
going
come on you can do it just just hang on
to at least hang datang go on look at
this this is this is like a like a like
a two-foot jump it's hard to just turn
around a non-stop either complain didn't
even dangle that huge just okay come on
you can do it
okay Reggie what do you think of that
he's not very impressed okay let's go
you can do this
Wow okay going get it done yeah oh
you're so good
come believe this way better than me
sure oh oh
the secrets revealed the secret is
revealed I'm not very coordinator
do some tricks
one kind of curious thing about reg that
he does not like to walk on the grass at
all whenever there's a choice between
like a clear-cut path taut tarmac or
grass
you'll never choose the grass he hates
it I think probably because like when
they raced a race on sand yeah grass is
just that weird green stuff that's
unnatural but he were only proven grass
as well ah sorry you bite he prefers to
come grass you know there's always that
big debate of who's versus good huh who
else's poop what do you say
um I say both cuz at the end of the day
we all know it's feces
I say poop pee double Opie's be double
Opie's yeah like the word poo it makes
me sick it does why I don't know okay
I'll make sure to stop saying hello hey
we've got some scary scary scenes from
the storm the other night for those who
don't know that was kind of a hurricane
storm in England nothing like you people
in Asia or in America Gipper it was
pretty bad I mean it's pretty unusual is
very very strong winds a couple of
people died actually is very sad but we
don't really have that much damage in
London except obviously this this
happens don't ever underestimate the
power of nature look at that
when Oh oh yeah that's pretty impressive
oh look at this
I wish I was back in my skating days I
choose not to skate
don't you find all the este likes a
bagel this badly but like how this is
normal no no wait this is good look at
this look at that would you look at that
just look at it so I make my breakfast
now I'm thinking of a maybe avocado on
sesame bagel with poached egg unusual
combination but it should be good I stay
just over here doing a favorite thing
possible watching his duties I that's a
breakfast first thing first cut the
bagel pretty easy I'm gonna try not to
burn it like I stay
so these avocado okay so I put some more
on the ball earlier one good trick with
poached eggs is to add a little bit of
vinegar to the water that kind of helps
to the eggs to start to solidify as soon
as they hit the boiling water I don't
know why add a little bit of that that
will help the project process so the
avocados on the bagels now cut the eggs
you want to just crack them in the bowl
that'll help make sure your water is
kind of work yeah bubbling now so you
want to just start stirring it like this
make sure it's a bit of good momentum
and then get your eggs and then you just
pop them down so good oh my god
then hopefully why do you do that what
one thing what should happen is that the
egg yolk should start wrapping
themselves around each other
although this hasn't worked that well
well I mean I think it has yeah bigger
than that nothing that'll stop oh my God
look at that I've never seen this trick
is this new okay so we get the poached
eggs out and on man this looks a lot
better than my babel mm-hmm nice hmm
look at that man that's a feast for like
you're gonna eat focus well you don't
really like it no I don't want a bun
just not into income from salt god you
are such a chef like what are you seeing
this if we're really fancy we put some
little bit of alfalfa just don't talk oh
my gosh this is a work of art you better
Instagram this Wow Wow it's about 11:30
12:00 o'clock and I finally got out of
the shower and did my makeup I didn't do
anything crazy with my hair I just blow
dried it and that's it for a little bit
of a texturizing stuff in there and I
thought I would show you what makeup I
have on today so come with me
here's a general overview of the makeup
that I have on today you'll have to
excuse my nails they are a state they
are horrifying but I'm getting them done
on Sunday so I just really can't be
bothered to do them now anyway I'm
wearing the Bobbi Brown Skin Foundation
love it and I applied that with this
Real Techniques
I'm expert face brush I use the NARS
creamy concealer and I also use this
L'Oreal Lumi magique concealer which I
mentioned in my favorites video I set
everything with this hourglass ambient
lighting powder
it's the diffused light shade let's see
if I can open this up there it is as you
can see mine has a crack in it which is
really annoying I bought it like that
and it always had that in there so it's
kind of annoying
I used that with this Mac 138 brush
which was really good actually to apply
it and I wasn't a fan of this when I
first bought it but now I'm loving it
I'm absolutely loving it it's very dirty
but you know I added some bronzer this
is the body shop
honey bronzer some of my mary-lou
manizer highlighter from the balm I used
this hourglass brow arch for my eyebrows
and I use these two clinic chubby sticks
for my eye shadow so I used this purple
one called lavish lilac all over the lid
and then just a little bit of this one
which is called lotsa latte in the
crease this is the Rimmel Santa Rosa
lush clinic bottom lash mascara and
maybelline rocket volume express mascara
and her lips is standard Mac plum full
see if I can open this this is harder
than it looks
Mac plum full I thought I would do a
really quick outfit of the day it's
pouring well it's not poor but it is
raining my umbrella where is this from
this is actually Fulton of water
problems yeah really cute Ellen clear
nice black yeah my coat is one that I
always wear kind of hormone here loaded
my bag is all wet sadly but I just got
it it's from Rebecca Minkoff and I'm
gonna do it what's in my bag video very
soon on my beauty Channel sweater from
Topshop cute little bunnies jeans Jaime
jeans from Topshop and shoes are also
from from
welcome to Oxford Circus
I just wanted to H&M because I needed to
return something and I ended up finding
these rings that I fell in love with you
little cat I don't even really like cats
and I love these and just some other
gold rings so very cool this H&M in
particular is a it's a good one I think
they got a makeover so it's very good we
just had the most delicious lunch at a
place called yella yella and is it a
hundred percent Lebanese food I believe
it is a Lebanese food rest delicious
delicious food and we got a chicken
shwarma I got yep and some other stuff
and a salad thing yeah and I got like a
lamb shashlik grill thing Oh and
watermelon lime lemonade oh now we're
going to I actually I'm going to get my
eyebrows threaded very interesting very
optics that you're gonna about to see me
with some very red eyebrows in a minute
get ready for it
just going past although and I noticed
these foods have been looking for some
wintery booths I like the looks of these
I'm gonna go try them on
change of plans the eyebrow thing is
going to be happening later we're
actually on our way to a little artsy
exhibition I'm going to ask a few to
explain we're going to see the new
photography exhibition by Edward
Burtynsky it is called water ever since
he is a photographer he's actually from
Ontario Canada
gone quite famous over the last few
years he does landscapes but his thing
is he cut landscapes exploring how kind
of the modern age and technology and
globalization is kind of it's changing
the landscape so he'd like a series in
China and how all these factories in
China changing landscape this one is
about water obviously how the water's
becoming scarce and how humans are
inventing all these new methods of
extracting water getting water so
yeah it just could be books on that
should be fun so here we are on Cork
Street at the flowers gallery yep Edward
Burtynsky flowers gallery that's exactly
what I say yeah it's gonna repeat myself
these are surroundings just leave I'll
go is a robotic Orchestra this is the
small street in Mayfair London its
players for having a bus these small
little Gary's yeah so we're going in so
everything from antiques to mana
photography here's some of the pictures
I say what you're saying because they're
so huge doesn't think they're pictures
bethere no I believe her I don't know
but yeah what would this do because
they're so large you know my painting
that's a large format right there oh
this is actually potentially in India we
went to one of these for water wells and
we Kentucky voters like it's great okay
so show video but it looks like it's
actually great diversity to not so much
detail it's really good so this looks
like to personally maybe Australia or
something or maybe probably hide
Australia or us like River putting the
dry season two again towards the bike at
the beginning of the dry season as the
trivet rise out guessing so anyone mr.
Blake it's somewhere in Central Europe
or something yeah because these are all
like just polythene fields like there's
just like fields wrapped and hoping
maybe someone I can spay or something so
they can grow food virtual yeoreum oh
this one's beautiful
I like
the exhibition was quite good I think
she's been late it was awesome
oh okay forgot to ask something but I
think we're just gonna go in Burlington
Arcade quickly even though it's kind of
out of the way they have a really nice
like really cool la Dre shop in there
and it was actually the first log array
well la dragged my sign that right and
that I went to when I moved to London
ever actually my first loud right ever
so I thought that was nice and um I
haven't been there for about man must be
like over three years now crazy crazy so
I was just saying that and I don't know
if you're gonna remember this remember
the first time you ever took me to
London is really rainy and you actually
took me here to this la Dre's this the
gold one yes the one recorder okay okay
right so do you remember I do romance
and I haven't been back since
so what's that over three years I was
quite a while and like living in the
city you'd think I would be back with no
yeah not a bump it's very tucked away
like it is no reason for anybody to go
there and I season you wanna go so I
thought we'd go in now and relive a
little romantic memory but this is what
it looks like Burlington Arcade I
remember when I came here for the first
time I was like oh man this is London
this is London right here it's right
next to the Royal Academy of Arts just
on the left here
and then the younger viewers perhaps up
or we recognize Abercrombie in face just
down the road haha pen friend pens and
letter openers damn they do have a lot
of pens look at this this is where you
want to go if you want to impress like
the father-in-law mother-in-law I should
maybe get your mom a pen Christmas is
like my mintage pencil it is like these
Japanese like very small kind of number
manufacturer Japanese person that's
quite cool and here is the lingerie that
I was talking about and when you go
inside it's gold like it's almost like
are they called catacombs yeah kind of
conducive that's what it's like it's
like a golden cave I'll look there
cookies beautiful little candles and
everything
chuckles
here we are blink este wanted to do a
last-minute impromptu eyebrow session
we're in the one in John Lewis because
I'm the awesome boyfriend of a I was
like you know what I don't care you can
get eyebrows done that's fine I'll wait
you're here no worries
that is perfectly hot it's so much
better it's like night and day
oh well I mean right now let's love was
don't get your eyebrows done before
you're going somewhere but it's over
last about two weeks maybe more it's
perfect so there is space done now
little grids red eye red but you know
what I've been trying to get down here
for like three weeks
honestly my eyebrows were like favorite
but they were best but now they're
amazing and I acted so sad like I wanted
to film like a tutorial like a face of
the day yeah I wouldn't do it like am I
ready yeah
legacy Morrow film interface today
tomorrow uh-huh
where we going now I've no idea we're
going to lush because I have to get the
prize for the lush giveaway that I did
so I'm gonna pick up that and then we're
going home it's a little bit
got a salted caramel hot chocolate first
one I've ever had should be good Alan
went for the pumpkin spice latte always
quite a surprise so the reason we
haven't been harnessing him normally is
because we've been waiting for this
leash to come in but this one just
finally came in the mail it's like a
really nice thick actually one of these
elasticy so if he jumps or something
doesn't like caught him in the chest
yeah it's just like older plus it's got
a safety broadside handle for sure
quick action oh yes she's like it's
better than you know on his little neck
but yeah we were just waiting for it to
come in stock as I was gonna go take him
for a walk you just had a little dinner
I am going to just relax and draw my
eyebrows back on so I think that's it
for the day really nice little leisure
but kind of busy day being a pleasure
ladies gentlemen thank you for joining
us we'll see you next time next time we
decided to whip out the camera and vlog
mm-hmm say bye bye Reggie simple my
Reggie it's okay guys I really want to
go for a while now
