it's 8 o'clock on a Sunday very cold
raining we're going for a walk
aren't we Reggie he's got his Robin Hood
coat on looking like up to him now let's
go buddy
all of the bins in this park are very
camouflaged in this jungle stuff and the
first time actually came to this park I
could not find a bin anywhere because
they're so well camouflaged this is very
very boring isn't it of course as soon
as we get home it stops raining
isn't that right Reggie and your heads
all wet poor guy but don't you guys love
his coat look like a Robin Hood esque
with the fur collar
he's so chic so it's about 9:30 in the
morning I've already had a shower got
ready got dressed on my makeup Aslan has
done none of those things having a bit
of a lazy Sunday I don't feel the need
to put my face on for these bugs yes I
just have to get ready for the day or
else I'm never gonna get anything done
and Aslan's mom and sister are coming
over later but anyway we are gonna be
making some juice right now because I
went to the market yesterday and got
some fruit and vegetables and it's time
for a little healthy juice in the
morning so should we show you how we're
gonna make that I think so oh my God
look at all these healthy ingredients
look at this kale look how beautiful
this is actually organic kale very
beautiful it is like yeah I mean for
organic produce I'm suspicious because
this is such good condition yeah yeah
apples oranges you might be wondering it
what how did as we peel these so
perfectly do tell
I just use a knife but just stick around
the orange needs like an apple like an
apple in it well this is this bun oh
this one is blind all fell out but like
normally they'll end in one big piece
and it's an amazing skill and you
probably wouldn't know this about me but
I hate peeling oranges because it gets
under your nails and it's like oh I
can't even think about it
that's a nice smell nice smell but it's
not a nice
so I've already cleaned out the juicer
it's already clean but I like to always
put a little bit of water in the juicer
just to clear it out make sure there's
nothing in there and should we talk
about the kind of juices yeah this is
actually Phillips an iminium juicer if
anybody's in deducing they'll know this
this is like a good value for money
decent juicer before this juice that
came out all the other juicers actually
extract the juice fairly well but very
expensive but this is only I think
roughly around fifty or sixty pounds and
just before we started vlogging I was
like it's actually worth it to buy a
juicer buy the vegetables doesn't work
out cheaper than just going to say Joe
and the juice and buying juice and we
think it is I would say so yes it's
better it tastes better but yeah it's
really nice and useful to have one so
I'll put the link to this particular one
in the description box if anybody's
interested in juicy little top tip for
juicing if you've got any leafy green
vegetables like kale or you want to do
some sort of seaweed or something always
you can juice seaweed I I think I just
made that up
anything creamy leafy vegetable like
like I kale a rocket sometimes we were
like anyway spinach right so I've got
the other common one but the green leafy
vegetable first because then the other
juice washes at all just make sure you
get all that green juice in there I
don't know if that's an actual juicers
tip but that's what we do yep some kale
fast running here I'm just trying to
stick a couple pieces in here okay it
could be a little bit noisy you protect
your ears
like to stir it because it does kind of
juice in layers and there's always this
froth of the top I don't like that the
froth is the is the cappuccino I don't
like anything the pen so now let's pour
this in it's sizzling yes I always drink
my juice from a straw that's just the
way I roll did some hardcore math up in
here and we figured out that two full
glasses plus a little bit extra cost us
two pounds fifty sixteen which is it's
pretty good because I think of juice
normally when you go somewhere else is
about at least three pounds depending so
should we try it and see I hope it's
okay
sometimes you makes you sin it's
other times you make it delicious cheers
Cheers a little bit sour I just brushed
my teeth
um it's does that mean better but that's
just the orange maybe yeah very tart
oranges berry oh and also the fact
there's green apples I think you get
that cut kale tasted is quite like I
can't taste different different to what
I normally make because I normally just
pump it full of carrot so that's quite
sugary juice may taste good but it is a
real bitch to clean this stuff in here
is busy so you just throw this out but
this stuff here is all very finding
ground pulp so you can actually just
rinse it down the sink it's not that's
not too bad it does take a little bit of
time but it's okay I don't bake too
often but occasionally I can bust out a
batch of oatmeal chocolate chip cookies
like nobody's business
I literally just Google oatmeal
chocolate chip could
but I have to get the Canadian recipe or
an American recipe because I can only
bake in cups and I think in the UK they
measure in grams and ounces so you've
got to weigh it and you need some scales
and it's all I just have two bacon cups
so this is the recipe I'm using today
this is oatmeal chocolate chip cookies
by Betty Crocker
I'll link this down below when I make
chocolate chip cookies I never just use
chocolate chips I always get a delicious
chocolate bar this time I'm going for
Cadbury Dairy Milk with dime oh my god
if you've never had a dime bar you have
not lived there amazing so I'm going to
crack this open I've never tried one of
these before but it should be good and
I'm just gonna cut it up into little
pieces there's the entire chocolate bar
cut up into tiny little pieces and
basically what I do is I just split it
half and half put half in the batter and
then I put half on top of the cookies
and I will show you what I mean in a
second I just put my cookies on the
little sheet here nothing too cray and
then I take my chocolates and I always
like to put one just on the top because
you never know which cookie might be
left out some have more chocolate than
others this way they're guaranteed to
have at least one piece of chocolate if
you read the instructions on that cookie
and recipe sorry that would escape me it
says to cook for 12 no it says to cook
for 10 to 13 minutes or something like
that I always cook these for nine
minutes I think it's crucial that the
cookies be chewy so I don't want to
overcook them and they always cook a
little bit more when you take them out
so take them out after 9 minutes
hopefully that works out I will let you
know what they look like after 9 minutes
it has been exactly nine minutes you
probably can't see what the hell's going
on in there but they don't seem quite
done so I might have to wait a couple
more minutes maybe two more minutes so
that I'm taking these suckers out here
they are after about 10 minutes that
left them in for an extra minute think
they're looking good I think they're
looking very good
you got this piece of glass kind of like
a whiteboard but a glass board and
supposed to before you know writing
lists like things that we actually need
to do you guys probably thought he was
gonna write I love you but I knew if
blogging GG but I knew he was gonna
write something else because you know
but anyway but we got it so that we
could write actual useful things on it
and naturally it's just turned into
different drawings of Reggie this was my
most recent one I think it's quite
similar to the man himself I just had a
shout out
it's a it's about what I've talked to me
often that's why it's Sunday so that's
fine right yet this is why we cannot
vlog because the height difference it's
just it's just people think we're lying
this was the height exactly how tall are
you everybody else yes six Fortuna half
and I'm about five foot two and a half
gotta count that half so it's a whole
foot step it's hard for us to vlog
because uh you know Aslan's always
crunch exactly but this stance he's
doing it works fine but your mom and
sister should be here soon they're
actually oh no they're not late so
they'll be your sous we're going to
wagamama
I don't know if we'll be able to belong
there but I always get the same thing
chicken donburi with peach iced tea
seafood ramen there yeah I might go for
that yeah like I stay hates fish I don't
know if you know that so we don't have a
have fish in the house so whenever we go
to the restaurant I was trying out fish
because he can have fish it's not like I
ban it well I look like she does like
the smell and I don't know what I could
cook just for myself if I could have
like the cook like you know yeah
whenever the restaurant try to get a
fish dish a fish dish yeah because the
omega-3 oils we have here edamame beans
you actually found out that you might
them reason
and we'll go yourself category I'll get
the whole time Simon see we examine all
we have here is a coconut raker until
you just coconut ice cream I don't know
I love coconut right now I think as an
ice cream flavor Co geysers perfect it
complements the idea of ice cream so
well about three years ago I had a
watermelon ice lollies or as I was
calling popsicle for the first time now
I've never had one since because they
never had a watermelon but today is a
raspberry kind of day and it's amazing
and it even has the seeds in it this
American brand called
fruitful and I know you probably get it
in English food marks I don't think if
anybody knows we can get to stuff in
England please tell us we were just
walking home and it started to pour rain
and of course none of us have umbrellas
so it is just horrible so we're stuck
underneath this bridge and it's just
really really rainy
I'm very cold
so just got back absolutely soaked and
freezing I think we're gonna have some
tea now I'm gonna get my pajamas on I
hate feeling like this
Athens mom and sister just left Reggie's
getting a big gulp of water yeah excuse
him in the background there he's just
drinking in essence of himself he's not
a nuisance he uses his blog I'm sick and
tired of background noises and flogged
anyway his mom and sister just left and
we didn't really vlog much but we had
actually we had a pretty lovely tea
party through the way yes and we we
didn't walk but I took a photo of it and
the cookies were a hit his sister
actually took a big bag of them home
because she liked them that much I mean
that's pretty good
and as a thank you she actually drew us
a little drawing yes Oh Mia staying
Reggie yeah so let's go show them right
now
so here's my sisters thank you drawing
is ready my sister she decided to draw
me which is this actually is how I stay
is the most normal pretty looking one
yeah and then I drew myself up here this
is my drawing of myself so I don't know
this is like me my glasses in the
morning what are we gonna do for the
rest of the evening I'm washing my face
and doing a face mask like seriously
like right now Washington Vampire
Diaries and guessing you are
she loves vampires unfortunately I do my
work and then the background is watching
Vampire Diaries
let's be honest okay how do you know all
of the plot lines well to be honest such
a stupid and mind rotting show you don't
actually need to give your full
attention to it
my favorite character Alaric oh my god
he's lying he knows hmm anyway so I
think that's probably it from us right
mm-hmm
give this video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed a little impromptu vlog we're
pretty much nothing happened all day
just a casual Sunday I don't think we've
really logged on like a casual Sunday
like this really I love Sunday's
favorite day of the week stay healthy
brush your teeth remember to floss oh we
love flossing yes we do that could be a
whole separate video and we found like
the floss but the ultimate floss address
was orgasmic floss mm-hmm it's like a
special limited edition you come yeah
it's like it's our OB but it's not the
satin one which everywhere it's
incessant
I might mention that in my our favorites
video this month because it is good I've
been loving it for like two months just
easing you floss action she's teasing
you but you're just gonna watch my
favorites just to find out what
philosophizing you can always follow
both of us on instagram i'm on instagram
SC underscore button Aslan's on
instagram lion's mane with the O being a
zero yeah all of these links will of
course be down in the description box
we'd love it if you'd subscribe what
else can we say right now not too much
no bye bye
