look who it is oh it's a Manman reiki
ray JT hey can a cash register because
he's making the bank with that nose of
his look up look how long his students
hey dude is new give it a snip yeah
today is Reggie update day and if you're
wondering who Reggie is Reggie is Tigger
yes when he's been renamed yeah so we I
just want to explain the renaming thing
because there was some slight outrage
did you know that not even uh because
people are saying it's not fair that we
changed his name we changed his name and
he knew his name now it's very
unfamiliar what what are you up to
saying okay I have to say the dog
doesn't know anything in terms of names
of commands it doesn't seem like he
doesn't know how to sit he does not
understand he didn't respond to taking
skills and we respond to Reggie yeah so
I think because well in recent
greyhounds are born they going to have a
racing name yeah and that's what they go
by which we still don't know his racing
name yet I wonder when I go to a kennels
like a costume hounds they get given a
new name yeah so so herm has named
Tigger Tigger that wasn't his racing
name and I don't know how long he was in
the kennels before we took him well
party we're the first people to ever
actually take him into a house and he
was a very recent addition so yeah yeah
I don't think they hunt him for that
long yeah so they weren't even calling
him Tigger for that long now it was kind
of evident because he wasn't responding
to that name thought yeah so they told
us to change his name if we want to do
wasn't yeah it wasn't against the rules
what we were doing so Reggie is doing
well he was very anxious for the first
couple of days he's still quite an
anxious dog I would say more than some
of the other grants that we've walked
but we've never had a greyhound actually
in our home before but he's nervous
about so many things like the first
couple of days he wouldn't even go from
the kitchen to the living room he didn't
want to move out of his bed but now he
like if I'm in the living room and I
call him after a few minutes he will
come to me and he's getting a lot better
and he he greets us now his tail
eggs which is really cute in the morning
um one thing though he will not go
upstairs and if any of you guys have any
tips of how to get a greyhound upstairs
let us know treats do not work so
nothing does Reggie is petrified of
stairs so any any greyhound owners tips
would be good so speaking of Reggie Amy
is here yes guy oh he is doing so well
he's so cute and we just have really
grown to love him I think he's gonna be
a case of like a slow learner I think
it's gonna take him probably about three
to five months to actually get used to
everything yeah I think he doesn't
really like be on cameras panting do you
think he'll ever ever actually go up the
stairs but his own oh yeah oh yeah I
think I think he'll be able to today
we're taking Reggie to the park and it
should be quite good because he'll get
to mingle with some other dogs and just
see the world a little bit more only
fingers crossed my mom and my sister
will be there with my mom's dog which is
a tiny little Yorkshire Terrier really
small so we'll see how he does with a
small dog as well yeah we made it to the
beautiful park Battersea Park really
nice especially when all the leaves are
uh you know fallen falling okay yeah um
so here's Reggie man this is his first
time at a park and he seems to be
enjoying himself he seems quite frisky
like excited about everything he's gonna
go pee now
um let's quickly go over the muzzle
another thing that people have been
saying why does he have to wear a muzzle
is he vicious yeah I think it's for
something I mean it's understandable
because normally when you see a muzzle
you author anything Oh dog is aggressive
yeah it's gonna bite well that's not
really the case greyhounds and kennels
never meet any other breed of dog apart
from greyhounds so that's what they're
used to and they're fine with other
greyhounds around and they're just very
comfortable.that but when it comes to
the real world right and there's
thousands of other breeds of dogs out
there little dogs big dogs and I think
also the fact that great hands up were
bred to chase small kind of furry things
the people at the kennel just always
advise you just to have
a muzzle on regardless of the the actual
nature of the dog just have the muzzle
on for the first you know a little while
yeah maybe I think it depends on a dog
maybe like a week and maybe a month
whatever it just so that the dog gets
used to it so you know the dog's
temperament yeah etc
he's Reggie and as you all know he's got
trouble going up the stairs at the house
so we found some stairs at the pagoda
here in Battersea so and already took
him up once but check this out Oh yep
look at him so proud nice so he might
just get up there absolute final by the
way this is Molly
Molly's met Reggie having your money
worry they don't really care but they
just both ignore each other completely
so I suppose is better than anything you
went up the stairs pick up that's true
so must be aren't stairs yeah I think
it's always just Austin and then here is
going down the stairs Kaji
so Oh mommy there years yeah so we
didn't actually finish vlogging
yesterday after the park but Reggie had
a nice little day and he behaved himself
so well I think both of us were really
impressed with his um what's the word
Danny demeanor yeah because there were a
couple kids who came up to him and
wanted to pet him he was perfectly fine
he just stood there let them pet him and
he's just so good such a good dog you
probably remember from the last vlog
that we have Reggie on a trial week and
it's basically just to see if the dog is
a good fit for your home and that he's
comfortable and stuff bubble bubble
we've already explained this um so it's
the end of the week and we just called
her some hounds and we wanted to just
tell them how he's been doing how he's
been behaving and we wanted to tell them
about his anxiousness because he's
really scared of cars and just like
other little thing and we wanted to tell
them that because I think is important
to communicate with the Hirshman hounds
is very important
yeah and she said that everything that
he's doing is completely normal and that
is just basically gonna take him some
time to get used to things so I think
it's safe to say we are keeping Reggie
so the week is no longer a week the week
is a lifetime so uh yeah I'm really
happy to be keeping him I absolutely
love them I feel like he's just part of
the family
gareki he's obviously very used about
that come on I'll probably do another
Reggie update in like a couple of weeks
to you know I don't know if you care and
you're probably don't yeah well I mean
in terms of like in terms of
practicalities the the next step will be
we have to bring them back to Hirshman
hounds
they're gonna check them over do the way
hi thing they're gonna make a sign some
paperwork
yeah we've got a pay you ever had we're
gonna that's very important to know if
you you know if you think of risking
greyhound the they do ask you to make a
donation at the end so it's not I've got
100 centrality fries there which is the
donation I think it's I think they asked
you to pay two hundred pounds I think
that's the donation that's the
recommended but I'm sure I mean if
you're really um if you're not in
position to you know make that payment
you can probably negotiate with them
yeah at the end of the day is I mean the
reason why they ask is because it's a
charity they have to run and I mean they
had quite a lot of expenses and actually
on their website I noticed that they
need some supplies like dish soap and
other stuff so yeah we'll bring some I
think and we'll link that website
address really honestly like Hershey
mounds I just I haven't been to any
other Greyhound rescue center like
specifically greyhounds I just think her
Sherm Hans does such a good job they've
been really patient with us when we've
kind of called them being like is this
normal and they've explained things
really well and it's they're just really
understanding nice people so if you live
in the EM Hershey mountains area don't
or in London in general let me go and
walk a dog even if you don't want to get
a dog yeah it's nice to and you could
tell though all the dogs are really
happy there we are okay they're all with
other tags that the tails are wagging
when this is wagging and something she
mention is if we ever go away on holiday
like say at Christmas or something you
can actually take the dog back and you
can rent out a little room for the dog
so that's really good because they
actually know how to care for greyhounds
and I don't think we have too many
friends who are willing to watch Reggie
for a week or so so what a big day so um
yeah that's good to know as well so yep
just gonna sign off with the fact that
there is plus one
yeah family now okay so I'm a family of
two but a family of three say someone in
the last video said to us like why
aren't we having kids is dedicating it
up we are having kids but just in canine
boom OH I was like what I had that
moment where my heart just about stopped
but yeah so we we have a little dog
child that's yeah that's the extent for
now for now forever no I said Oh cut
that bye oh so I hope you enjoyed seeing
our adoption journey it's something that
we thought about for a really long time
it's something that we mentally prepared
for and having a dog isn't a walk in the
park yeah all right guys same not funny
yeah I got the house is like okay could
I just say that you know if you do
decide to the doctor Greyhound and your
process doesn't go quite as smoothly as
ours because ours has been pretty much
blemish free because Frenchie is such an
amazing dog like he's so well behaved if
yours doesn't go as smooth as ours does
that's not a reason to panic or to get
worried you know just as some dogs on
you know built for certain environment
some dogs won't do well in smaller
places or places that allowed other dogs
would only want to be in a house where
there are the greyhounds you know so it
really just depends on the dog and she
said if the dog doesn't react well to
your house that you can basically take
it back and exchange it like I mean that
sounds horrible think about it but if
the dog isn't happy it's not right
so if you if you do a job to job and
bring it back for the trial week and it
doesn't go well I don't think there's
any shame in you know giving the dog
back and trying a different one I think
it's actually responsible so you I mean
you pick the dog initially but the dog
is gonna sign off on it you know it's
gonna give its poram approval yeah um
that's all we want to say is on that way
to bunny and yep goodbye
