so I kind of mentioned in my last vlog
but Aslan and I were having the home
inspection to get the dog you know what
I mean so we had the home inspection and
I think it's safe to say we passed so
today is the day we go to the what do
you call it like the kennel
the kennels the kennels and potentially
choose our dog yep they have a short
list yeah basically what happens is they
the woman who came in to like do the
home check learn more about us our
lifestyle and then she goes back to the
kennels and chooses three dogs that she
thinks would be suited to us so then we
go today and it's it's kind of like
Sophie's Choice we have to choose a dog
you know can't we just have them all but
yeah we just basically go there take
them for a walk see which one we click
with and then we get to take it home for
a trial week right yeah take them for a
week and then obviously how we get on
with it see how do I don't think it's us
I think we're gonna love any dog that we
get ready yeah I think it's how more the
dog gets on with the environment yeah
and we with our with our daily routine
so as long as everything goes well
hopefully by the end of that week what
we do is then we just go back signed the
paperwork and he presses the dogs out
yeah but yeah sometimes dogs don't like
I don't know they just are kind of
finicky I think yeah I mean like it can
be small things like even a campers up
of linoleum floors or snickering yeah
that's so weird
yeah like slippery you know sometimes
you hear where do you like that's not a
word
linoleum another is quite not gonna work
without their food yeah okay because
something like that like if you got
slippery froze some gray had an
absolutely fine others just can't handle
it yeah no matter how long they gonna
live in it it's gonna be something
that's gonna cause some anxiety so you
know yeah well you don't want to force a
dog through that yeah so yeah it's just
a we which have to go and see but
hopefully fingers crossed it's gonna be
yeah first-time firstime lucky so we'll
catch up with you when we are there
we're back at Hershey pounds and we've
got the first dog to walk so we're gonna
take the first one for about 15 20
minute walk yep to get to know his
character and his name is to take her so
T to be able to guess why cuz he looks
like a tiger
Rendel dog and he has the longest nose
I've ever seen alligator
stops like a cake like he's beautiful
aren't you Tigger and he's very very
calm - yeah very good he's stunning
right by our side walking at our pace so
very very impressed by please yep
attitude shall we say we just gave take
her back yes unfortunately and it's very
sad I just felt such a connection to
Tigger he was such a nice little dog but
now we've got another dog called Susie
she's a girl yeah the full black and she
looks very very beautiful very regal
look yeah she's nice as well a little
more risky yeah a little bit more
energetic and little totally different
character but we'll see how we get on
with her so we're still walking Susie
she's definitely a little more
interested in everything yeah it's very
confident as well a lot more confident
and the woman who works here actually
said that the female greyhounds are
usually a little more confident than the
males so and she also said that the
males are love sponges they love love
they develop to get the love yeah so um
we're just wrapping up the walk with her
and then we'll go into contestant number
three on to dog number three this is
another girl named Mel and I originally
thought when she said Mel would be a boy
like Mel Gibson but no she's another
black bitch goose in the kennels they
always say if it's a male dog they say
dog if it's female dog they say bitch so
they always say do you want a dog or a
bitch and it's not this whole awkward
conversation
it's just really immature of us really
it's quite immature but I think I think
it's not even just for us I think
anybody who is outside of a kennel never
would call a female dog a bitch really
like how much you're a breeder or
something so I don't know when the home
person came around she's like saying
referring to the female dogs bitches and
it was just like so unusual for
obviously I think it would be for
anybody yeah obviously I know I I told
my mom has a dog into and she was just
like oh is it a dog or a bitch like
she's a bitch it's a small little bitch
very school meanwhile mellower here she
is very interested by every single
planet everything she's not interested
in us at all she's very very stood in
all the plants and the posts but she's
very beautiful as well
she's a little bit smaller than the
other ones I think this marks one so far
lovely yeah so with Mel I've noticed she
doesn't want us to pet her she doesn't
want us to look at her she like we
actually stopped to try to like play
with a little bit and she just was not
interested didn't want to even play with
us at all so it might be a little bit
nervous you might just want to be going
for her walk but we haven't really felt
that bonding connection although she is
very beautiful dog okay so this is a dub
number for now oh and it's raining
really badly so that's unfortunate I
think it's actually just Steve the fact
that were under the trees yeah number
four this is Paul she's a lovely little
girl very cute very cute little nose
and as you can see she's got a little
green yeah oh come on oh look at that
so how do I get this thing back on come
again is it on notice very very cute
she's really really nice I think my
heart was set on Tigger but then when
she came out I just loved her but now
I'd like this is it's so hot Sophie's
Choice look up in this like I don't know
who to choose it's like you can't choose
one but you have to so we'll give her a
little walk and we'll report back this
is very hard very hard not for the
faint-hearted you know if she liked her
dogs then this is a very difficult
process cuz I mean we love Paul so much
she's such a beautiful dog and she's so
well-behaved two very well-behaved
lovely and she's fresh in her mind as
well but we loves Tigger
mister we did oh and she is pink
x-rated don't on camera ah but I think
so we walked one boy in three girls I
think the next dog when I walk is with
another boy and I think that'll be it in
terms of the shortlist that they had for
us so I think I think we'll be good to
get another perspective a different boy
so yes here is our fifth and final dog
to test out his name is lamp that's
right
street lamp yeah apparently his racing
name was under the lamp oh so he goes
why he has the longest tail I've ever
seen possibly like on the end of the
puppy bit of white yeah he's like don't
touch me
but he's quite frisky but very loving
you can tell he's like a big cuddle bug
yeah so like you know just get add
another one in there make it a little
bit harder okay we have left her shim
hounds and we have chosen a dog we have
chosen don't Donald oh you're probably
already see him back there yeah Tigger
so he's being really good laying down in
the car and he's not panting too much he
just got back and Tigger seems to be
behaving quite well he is some very
hungry as you can see we've got a little
corner here for him he's really Maughan
down that meal but he's been good he's
been quite curious but not too nervous
or anxious at all okay we've made some
slight progress he has finally decided
to put at least two of his legs on the
bed she's kind of comfortable for her
schools he's a little scared I think of
the bed but he is working on it yeah I
mean he's panting a little bit yeah but
so needs to be expected I think yeah so
um yeah I think we just have to huge
plate of pizza I think we should have to
relax and check out ourselves so you
will feel the good vibes yeah Pizza
vibes
he's our to you he's moved on to the
next position unfortunately not quite um
it's been a couple of hours
Tigger's we selling in very well he's
been sleeping most design actually and
we're now taking one a little evening
walk very weird
yep we were actually a little bit
worried that since he would be next to
busy roads he might be a little bit
skittish or afraid but he's actually
held up very well I mean we were trying
to take him on some quieter rows but a
little bit of busy road as well just to
see how he's been and yeah he's been
grand so we're very happy very pleased
were like proud parents that's why I
feel like so it's getting a little bit
later and Tigger is making himself at
home he's in his bed sleeping and he
does not want to get up nothing we can
do will make Tigger wake up and this is
actually the bottom of his bed because
he wouldn't go on and otherwise I think
maybe he couldn't see against the white
floors the bed's white any final words
on the subject no um you know just
hoping that he will be bit more and
always do I think he's being lazy with
us because he's quite nervous of the
surroundings yeah he was quite
comfortable in the bed so he doesn't
want to go anywhere like you know start
exploring right it's really funny
actually stick to the bed this way he
feels comfortable so hopefully tomorrow
he'll be bit more confident exploring
yeah I think it's just exactly like he's
a little bit scared so he doesn't really
want to do anything like we were calling
his name and trying to get him to go
outside and all this and like he would
not get out of his bed no matter what we
did even if we were like come on come on
like you still would not and I know
greyhounds sleep a lot I've heard they
sleep for up to 20 hours a day and
they're very you know they are lazy dogs
it doesn't seem like it like if you
don't know about grants it doesn't seem
like they'd be a lazy breed but I mean
the proof is in the pudding here they
are very lazy so we'll see how tonight
goes hopefully he's okay because this is
his first time ever away from kennels
like he's never been away from other
dogs before so I hope he doesn't get
upset but I mean judging from right now
he doesn't seem too concerned
one other thing he talks about yeah
possible Aslan says that he's got a
flatulence problem why don't you I think
this is any large dog right but this dog
has just been laying here farting all
night I don't know if it's his diet or
what but trust me Tigger
I'm gonna be putting you on a new regime
it's also getting back to the fact that
he's Levin knows what am I good now as I
thought are you seriously admitting that
right now I feel nervous position I'm
more disposed to having a batch of
flashings
a batch of flats Olivia this rival
advisory classroom I'm just gonna ignore
that um so I think we're just gonna
watch Breaking Bad oh and I cannot wait
to watch it so yeah we're just gonna
relax see how the dog does and we'll
report back probably in a couple of days
with his progress all right you're not
saying anything else no that's it we're
done
bye
