I'm not doing anything drastically
exciting today although there will be a
few well exciting to me but maybe not
exciting to you but I thought I would
vlog today I'm just on my way to see one
of my friends Marian who you might know
from YouTube her god I can't even
remember anyone's YouTube channel name
but I'm pretty sure it's Marian honey
and she's also got a joint channel with
her friend's son well I guess I could
say our friends Donna and I will link to
that channel as well because I can't
remember the name of it right now and
it's also a little bit early for me so
you know My Mind's not thinking clearly
anyway so I think we're just gonna meet
up quickly for a little teeth and a
snack and then I'm going to get my hair
cut so I will catch up with you when I
am there
naturally I got here half an hour early
because I'm always early and it tends to
annoy people but anyway I'm just
standing here like an absolute lowlife
not doing anything so I think I might
have to change my tune and just venture
through some of the shops because
there's tons of shops here I'll show you
my view I'm just entering Spitalfields
market unfortunately we didn't vlog but
I did have a delicious salad and carrot
juice and Marian had some sort of
gruffly tart quiche thing I'm a little
bit late already for my hair appointment
so I'm walking there right now I'll show
you what it's done I just gotta have
some getting my hair cut and I just got
a little bit of a trim I don't know if
you can tell here but yeah let's say
Gracie I absolutely loved my hairdresser
I'll put the link down below to where I
go and his name is David I'm just
getting on the tube now because I need
to pick up my
frog kava Gardens I'll see you there I
didn't actually film anything in Covent
Garden because I literally just got off
the tube went to pick up my glasses and
went back on the tube so there wasn't
really anything interesting happening
but I did get a nice little hot
chocolate from Starbucks and it was
really good first hot chocolate of the
season anyway shall I show you guys my
glasses and Aplin is over there and this
is his first time seeing glasses as well
ready
we're doing it live they're not as big
as I remembered but ready yeah the big
moment
oh wow what do you guys think thank you
do you like this yeah do you like yeah
you hate them I don't like them as much
as I thought I would I think you just
have to get used to them okay thank you
I think the frames a little thick like
it's a little 90s you know they're like
a little rounded I much prefer my other
ones I think I think maybe okay let's
not make any judgment I just have to get
used to them but I think they're nice I
really wanted the tortoiseshell
but uh yeah all right we'll leave it
like that
I just watched back that clip of me
trying on my glasses because I wanted to
see what they looked like on me in real
life and mirrors are always a little bit
different I've changed my mind I
actually do quite like them because I
was looking for just a pair of glasses
that for everyday use you know something
I can wear every day and now Aslan's
trying them on a little bit small and
I'm not sure I think I look like
somebody from the 90s like Jim Carrey I
was actually thinking of doing a little
outfit of the day for you guys so we
don't actually have a full-length mirror
per se but I might get you to hold the
mirror up over there okay one second
where do you think of my haircut how do
you know someone yeah just just a trim
okay so as for my little outfit of the
day this is this is very tricky because
Allen's pulled in the mirror yeah
so my blazer is from Topshop and I
really like it because this is really
hard to do this but it's shorter in the
back you see
you see that can you see that but that
it's kind of like longer more like
casual in the front and this dress is
from ASOS and it's like a smock dress
it's not the most flattering shape like
quite loose which is why I just put the
blazer over top and I just rolled up the
sleeves to keep it a casual I'm just
wearing tights which by the way are from
Topshop and they're the most comfortable
tights ever and the shoes if you can see
them are from churches and they were a
little gift to myself
and I absolutely love them because they
go well with everything they're like
loafers and but they've got a little
tiny heel they're casual but they're
kind of like I wouldn't say chic but
they kind of like a little bit witchy
you know a little bit which crafty which
I really like they have these cute
little tassels here really nice quality
shoes um if you guys follow me on
twitter you'll know that I almost
chopped my foot off the other day well I
didn't really but I was doing the dishes
and I dropped a glass mug I smashed the
mug on the countertop and then the
shards of glass fell on the floor and
actually fell on top of my feet and on
my toes like anyway inside you decided
to wade into it deep and pretty deep and
our floors are white as you can tell and
there was blood everywhere it looked
like a scene out of Dexter didn't like
it was terrifying and I knew it had hit
my foot I didn't want to look at them
funny I look now as I oh my god um so
awesome bandaged it up I'll insert the
photo bezels very skillfully done
bandaging I must say yeah but the whole
point of me telling you guys the story
this is the first day I worn shoes
students that happen I was two days ago
I think oh wait you haven't won shoes
for two days
I'll say that yeah let me rephrase that
this is the first day I've worn the
shoes that have been a little tighter
I've just been kind of wearing loose low
like not loafers but like really loose
ones you know not leather just slip-on
shoes kind of thing anyway I take two
steps at the door and I could tell
already wait like my toes were killing
me so not only that but I also formed a
horrifying blister on the back of my
other foot so I was hobbling around all
day does anyone care about my feet no
this is the very this is a very long
story about your toes this is close but
now it's the reason I'm saying that is
because my feet are throbbing right now
and I want to take my shoes off pony
blood as soon as you take it on it's
probably there will be blood and I would
show I would love to show you guys a
very graphic image of my chopped-up feet
but you know people don't like talking
about feet but yeah I mean seriously
feet problems they ruin your whole day
because you can barely walk and the only
thing you want to talk about feet bones
what that's totally your thing to share
them cuz I'm not sharing but this is why
I don't vlog on a regular basis because
this turns into me telling you
disgusting stories about my feet uh so
I'm just gonna stop that now and I'm
just gonna take a little break maybe
have a bowl of chili okay so I just got
an urge to film a video for my beauty
channel and I I'm completely losing my
thoughts right now I filmed the non
beauty favorites video and those are my
honestly I think those are my one of my
favorite videos to film because it's
like I just like so many weird things
that I just wanted I just want to get
them out there well they're not exactly
weird things but they're just things not
relating to beauty and I just think that
they're really fun to do and so I filmed
that so that should be up on the weekend
and yeah I'm really kind of feeling a
little bit tired now I you know how I
mentioned I was gonna have some chili I
didn't actually have my chili so I think
I'm gonna have my chili get into my lab
we're and I've got lots of like cleaning
and laundry and you know boring crap
like that to do and I haven't actually I
have a little bit of exciting news so
you you probably know this but I'm dying
to get a dog and Aslan's dying to get a
dog too but I'm dying to get a dog like
it's something I think about all the
time by the way that's why I've changed
I've changed for the video because my
dress was kind of uncomfortable anyway I
am I really just want a dog and he wants
to talk to you but like I said I'm I'm a
little more obsessed with the idea so we
were looking into getting a greyhound
and I'll link to the I think we did a
vlog on my other channel about walking
the greyhounds because we've been
looking into this for a couple of months
and finally tomorrow we have someone
from the shelter I guess it's called
coming to see our place so they can do
like a little house check because they
need to check us out make sure that it's
you know a nice environment for the dog
make sure that we're normal-ish people
and yeah it's been kind of a long
process but I think now it's finally the
time so tomorrow she's coming to UM
inspect and I'm kind of nervous but I
want to make sure it's like tidy and
stuff in here I mean it's pretty tidy
now but you know you know when you know
so I just want to tidy up and yeah so
I'm really excited because I think after
they approve your place it's not long
after until you can bring a dog home so
I'll be sure to vlog about that if it
happens well when it happens because I
really really really really really
really want a greyhound and I've
actually already ordered the dog bowl it
has to be a specific kind of dog bowl
haven't come yet but it should be here
tomorrow so yeah basically I'm just
really excited about that because she
just called aztl√°n on his way out and
he's like okay you know you're getting a
dog so yeah that's pretty much what I'm
gonna do I'm just gonna tidy up and I've
got some school stuff I've got to do and
more things that are not very
interesting to vlog this whole vlog
wasn't very interesting but I didn't and
I kind of hope you liked it I don't I
don't know I hope he likes it
I think like when it's your life you
think it's really boring and you don't
think anyone wants to see it but like I
watch vlogs and literally nothing
happens in the vlog but I love it like I
really love watching them so hopefully
that's the case here and I'm gonna wrap
it up now so I will see you hopefully in
the next video which will feature a dog
I hope fingers crossed
