welcome to another installment of se
button vlogs today we're at the zoo and
I'm here with Aslan my brother who is
here from Canada and my brother's friend
who's also here from Canada and it's
their last day here so we thought we'd
spend a leisurely day at the zoo I don't
think they want to be on camera which is
why we haven't been vlogging on their
trip because you know it's there you
know it is weird it was weird for other
people to be on camera but anyway we're
at the zoo
here is the view at the zoo we've got a
penguin and there's the aquarium so yeah
it's busy but not too busy and lots of
screaming children gotta love that and
we'll report back when I actually see an
animal we're now in the aquarium and I'm
just about to see these giant fish who
we did some exciting stuff people
the water isn't the
here we have some piranhas I did not
know piranhas had like these freckly
gold speckles on them it says Amazon
piranhas the piranhas are currently in
the middle of their breeding season and
there's work being more aggressive than
usual you may you might see some cuts
and scrapes as a result of this okay I
can't read I can't read you might see
some cuts and scrapes as a result of all
this territorial behavior
Wow watch out don't ever buy
little sparkles up my face this is a
kangaroo I think we've got a bit of a
breeding situation going on here the
chase is on
run run just in case you ever wanted to
see something like this
this guy really does bring a whole new
medium to slow and steady because I
found the gorilla
he's now eating something on a tree it's
just amazing just amazing so human-like
we've now moved on to the camel section
and it's bringing back all these lovely
memories of when we rode camels in the
desert in India remember like this and
remember how I had food poisoning the
entire time but it was still enjoyable
nonetheless but anyway here's we zoom in
close up the camels and my brother and I
were just discussing how the further
camel has some very very sad to find
that there are no Penguins in the
Penguins world today we were cheated out
of witnessing some very cute penguins
it's about 30 degrees outside so they
probably can't handle the heat right so
you know I said that there were no
penguins today well we found some
Palin's and I am looking on the map here
and they're right down here if it would
focus at penguin beach here they are
zoom in zoom is the best thing I've ever
happened to me look at these cutie Pie's
oh I love penguins if I could have a pet
it would be a penguin oh so cute I
remember a long long long time ago when
I was in elementary school there was a
book and it was called mr. Popper's
Penguins and it was my favorite book I
must have read it a million times I
think it since been made into a movie
it's Jim Carrey or something I haven't
seen it but now I have the urge to watch
it I'm probably gonna go watch it when I
get home but yeah mr. Popper's Penguins
good book I found this really cool Cove
can you take a video
that was really cool cold so you can see
underneath the water
Oh
we're now inside the butterfly sanctuary
and it's a little bit humid a little bit
caught a little bit wet and the
butterflies are like flying around on
their own it's pretty cool I've never
been inside one of these before it was a
young filly right now when he was quite
something they're eating a whole chicken
with lots of whole chicken extra flies
extra flies on the side we found it's
actually the first time I've ever seen a
dress all right I think that's pretty
much it for our zoo excursion today it
was short but sweet well not that short
for kind of short but anyway I would
highly recommend anyone to come to the
London Zoo do you've anything else to
add me yeah it was well wicked come
along yes it was well wicked yeah it was
quite cool and saw some great animals I
will be posting some more photos from
our Zoo experience because Aslan brought
his actual proper camera so he took some
photos so I will leave the link to that
down below one thing sorry yeah I will
say is that excuse me it's very
important to clear my throat okay um did
you come to the zoo don't come in the
middle of the day like that one o'clock
in the afternoon like we did because I
think that's the time when mostly
animals actually sleeping yeah sure yeah
I think he comes into if you can come
early in the morning or later on in the
day but probably best early in the
morning that's when the annals a bit
more active like when pulsatile you guys
are just laying around doing nothing but
I mean everybody's got sleep everybody's
got a but anyway so we're signing off
now if you like this video I know we
love it if you'd give it a nice little
thumbs up and we will see you in the
next vlog bye fishes
another animal
I think he dug himself a little hole in
the ground so you could cool down and
dig up the cool earth underneath so you
could lay in and cool down
