hey guys so I am on my way to stylist
live here in London it's a really cool
like I don't know how to describe it but
there's like loads of stands and panels
and discussions and stuff like that so
I'm going to stylist life today it's my
first time there I'm very very excited
but on the other hand I'm very sad
because I have to say goodbye to Reggie
for a week because we're going to Canada
tomorrow and he's he's gonna go away
he's gonna go to some friends but I just
hate to say goodbye to this cute oh so
this is the last you'll see from reg for
a while for about a week but he's gonna
have fun it's his own little vacation
he's so tired so we've just arrived to
stylist live and I'm going inside
slightly regretting the bare legs but
you know only live once so we've just
entered and I have to say I am just so
impressed I knew it would be cool but
like I think this is probably one of the
most beautiful and well put together
events I've ever been to like just look
at this beautiful this oh my gosh it's
cool music - we got some bonobo playing
very cool so I'm in the green room and
it is very cold there are lots of snacks
and stuff
and I am gonna go for these little mini
piano Chaka love's look at this I'm
always just so impressed by the level of
snackage at these races some fresh
grapes tea coffee so this is the water
stones pop-up and I don't know my
camera's gonna see them but that is
bloom right there how crazy and cool is
that so I thought I'd show you guys what
I'm wearing today I've got on this white
sweater Alexander Wang and it has this
like rope thing back here I've got a
blue jacket on which is by Zoe Jordan
this skirt is acne and my super common
project so that's the kind of look I'm
going with today live live
I can let you out okay can we welcome to
the stage in joining me one of them
wearing a microphone well I'm gonna let
you have been pretty spinner
giving life style navigating Eisenstein
you really excited to feel like bloom is
a baby because you are telling
interviewing book signing and you are it
is like I burst that book and it was
just like the craziest thing ever the
longest thing I've ever really worked on
it's so personal to me yeah and I really
shared a lot of myself that maybe
don't feel like you need to be like
everybody else like I think in the
beginning I was like I have to do these
kind of videos it was popular on YouTube
but I hate this kind of girls dick no no
things kinda started to take off for me
when I was just being myself but I would
be you know wearing no makeup and had a
bunch this was on the couch and my old
t-shirt like that's who I am and I think
as soon as I started to embrace that
that was when people started connecting
with me
check this out guys here are some of the
pictures I have to say I fricking love
them honestly I felt like a bit of an
idiot but when I see them I'm like wow
very cool but ice like Chris Freud
slowly
that's like here we go this is his card
right here Chris Lloyd that's a picture
oh you took that picture
you met the king why do you have an
accent as well
oh my god B Michael
babes amazing the end gave me away by
saying cheers mate Wow
check him out check out this bracelet
that Swarovski just surprised me with
just came into the room it was like
yesterday we have a little gift for you
and I'm like oh girl that's not a little
gift that's a that is a damn beautiful
gift so thank you very much Swarovski
I'm gonna wear this every single day I
adore it
I was going to be a psychologist or I
really wanted to be a guidance counselor
or something like that school has never
really like my favorite thing in the
world I didn't enjoy any of it I love
learning but I think just like I just
thought I just like really crying that
you need say did you ever think when you
saw it poking out of it
no I mean I don't even think I asked the
dream like I don't think I was like
imagine this was became my job I don't
think this like bill but he was making
that's their job I think that's like
what makes it different you know for the
people whose pen started like six seven
years ago because we all just started it
out of like the passionate of doing it
for fun
none of us never ever kind of went in
thinking I didn't become internet Davis
and that's what one more that's like no
it wasn't really like that was love
organic than that I think if I would
have known like when I was going through
that that everything is gonna be okay I
just think it would have been such an
easier transition for me it was so hard
you know you feel like your family is
why they are in a different country so I
feel like a lot of people really relate
to that I really like how many people
have actually moved across
and had to take their family looks
familiar to them and either like going
to uning in some p.m. you have those
feelings it's so hard I think it's the
parts overlooked it's like oh that's
part of growing up you know get over it
everybody has to move out of club hi
buddy
to change pace and there's for example I
think that's why I wanted to speak about
it because there's so many people who
email me they're like what do we do when
you're away from your family all the
time like how do you deal with it and
I'm like it's tough I don't want to
everything that Brittany's like just got
done with the second stage talk which
was quite cool good proud interesting
questions that was quite cool and now I
believe we are going to actually I've no
idea but I think I've got a book signing
at one o'clock here which is always fun
I mean it's kind of crazy that I'm gonna
sign my own book pretty cool so we're
gonna go do that now
all right gang I'm back at home and I'm
so sad that Reggie didn't greet me Oh
God just the house just doesn't feel
right without him
anyway I'm just trying to tidy up my
office because as you can see chaos be a
Bruin so yeah
can somebody gift that I feel like that
would be quite funny okay else be a
Bruin but you know I'm not supposed to
laugh at my own jokes but it's all I do
and I'm not gonna apologize for that my
eyeshadow today in case you're wondering
is the Troy Seurat one I did my autumn
makeup tutorial and it's the same as in
that video but yeah I'm just gonna carry
on carryin on and I'm going to pack
later I've got a cup of tea obviously
and I'm just gonna try to chill yet be
productive at the same time some may say
impossible I say doable
okay you guys there was like so many
Smashbox lipsticks in here in fact here
they are I just like took them all out
of the box but I was gonna go through
them and I lift up the box to like you
know bring it downstairs something like
damn this is still really heavy and
thank God I actually checked because
check this out Wow a whole nother
frickin layer like whoa I mean you guys
can appreciate my shock and surprise
there has got to be ok 2 4 6 8 10 12 14
16 18 20 20 40 60 if my math is correct
120 freaking lipsticks in here holy cats
thank you very much Smashbox cosmetics
all right so it's a little bit later our
friend Alicia just dropped by and she
gave me the most amazing
plant book which I'm sure you'll all see
on Instagram very soon it was so good to
see her and I'm just so cold no it is
about seven o'clock I have to pack
because our flight is to first thing
tomorrow morning
and I haven't even started packing and
my room is such a gigantic mess you have
no clue and I've no idea what I'm
actually gonna pack like normally in my
head am i okay I'm gonna bring this up
at this stuff but it's not yeah I don't
have that idea today at all
so yeah just gonna try to tackle that
now even though I really really don't
want to see laughs II so believe it or
not I am done yay I've got a few things
to pack in the morning but other than
that all finished next time I see you I
will be in Canada and I will be at
buffer festival I'll leave a link to
tickets to that I also have a meet-up
with Elle Canada Elle magazine and I
also have a meet-up in my hometown at
chapters in Waterloo Ontario so all of
the info to that will be in the
description box of this blog and I will
see you very soon bye and yes Azlan is
coming as well in case you were
wondering so he will be there too
excited people
