hello everyone nice to see you again
this time in England as I'm here with me
we are in Leicester Square and we're
actually going on a little date tonight
aren't we yes we are
so we are going to see Charlie Matilda
in my books because that was just so
good wasn't it
yeah I'm it's almost like meant to be
the best he's a girl problem that's open
for a while so it's gonna take a lot for
Aslan for the record hates musicals but
I've dragged along because I really want
to go so I don't think we'll be able to
feel much in there but we'll let you
know when we're actually there so just
just to set the mood for you it's a
Thursday night but it's about in the
o'clock at night I haven't had dinner
Alan hasn't have dinner but we're gonna
be late to this play so I'm not gonna
have just beforehand but we might have
dinner afterwards he stopped me I said
he gonna make it even better though so
yeah although last night we were in this
area and we wanted to go to a restaurant
and they were all fully booked like you
had to wait for about 45 minutes just to
get into one restaurant and that was a
Wednesday night at like 9:30 or 10:00 at
night show third is even worse so it's
gonna be your worst hopefully we can
find a restaurant
I'm already dreaming about my dinner in
the place about two hours long so I
might have to like lunch out on some
popcorn at some point you're probably
wondering what the hell is going on here
well so are the rest of the people but
I'm pretty sure this is one of these
guys who will paint themselves gold and
then they look like they're floating but
they're not actually floating so he's
getting ready I was wondering whether
they go ready and reveal the secret by
now I know yeah
it's always serious right when you're
getting dead unfortunately we don't have
time to wait around to see him come out
but on the way back if it's still here
I'll show you what he's like coming up
to right now
Charlie the Chocolate Factory at the
Drury Lane theater
I'm really apprehensive I do hate
musicals
I just wanted some boring while I say
the song we can say in a few sentences
why but maybe it's babies because I
can't sing like I'm completely incapable
of saying I do not have a terrible
terrible singing voice so I don't know
we'll see I'm gonna keep an open mind
you know just like I did with the
Matilda and that turned out to be
alright so hopefully this will also be
alright
and I wouldn't hate
also is that me very scum you gone and
getting busy busy every year like now on
a Thursday feels just as busy as it does
on a Saturday like five years ago five
years ago there's only like chocolate
busy only on the weekends on the
weekdays okay or too bad but now every
single weekday it seems he is just help
all right we got our tickets we're going
inside this rather royal-looking
staircase isn't it it kind of like goes
up like this like Titanic all western
plate houses actually really nice
they're always kind of like very
expensive into this right so just the
show it's kind of like it's a nice night
out what I feel special
okay so we're inside the theater and the
first thing that the Usher's called
Esther said it's no photography or
filming so breaking the rules here guys
I'm hoping you doesn't come over and
like snap the camera because we come in
everybody else taking pictures anyways
but we'll try to make it quick it's
really nice I mean oh god I just love
seeing stuff like this just or just it's
really cool to see like all of these
like side
what are these poles no boxes on the
little box it's like it's just so it's
all so intricate on a it's completely
out of a different time you know it
really is I don't know though like is
that really the best view of the stage
like from the side oh it's not but it's
the most expensive in Francis it's like
the most prestigious I guess but yeah as
I got a little slushy to dress surprised
that they had slushie says so drew Lane
you're doing something right there like
that and I got some Lipton ice tea
boring as anything else but oh and also
one of the guys working his name's Liam
really nice guy we ordered some drinks
and some crisps with him lovely general
shado T Liam one other thing I've seen
in my life two musicals Matilda and
wicked and I I love musicals so much I
never was really one to love musicals
but anyway the first two I went I bought
the program and I don't know why because
I've never looked at them since but it's
a nice little collector's item anyway
but this time around I was like do I
want to get the program because Matilda
and wicked the programs are ten pounds
each I feel like that's such a ripoff
for like little booklets but anyway I
got the program this time because it was
only three pounds and fifty pence so
let's see if it's any good very
reasonable price for global yeah so far
I'm not seeing anything about Charlie on
the Chocolate Factory
where's the advertising they go pays all
the cost and everything yeah all the
cast I don't know it's just a nice
little keepsake really even if you never
look at it again okay it doesn't
actually seem like the best program in
the world probably why it's so cons 15
like the wicked program and the Mathilda
program have like nice pictures of the
set and like what but you know still
want to keep in the scrapbook so things
all right now late it made it half way
at least
I feel like it's the perfect snack to
watch Charlie no it's not the healthiest
snack but it's appropriate
it's like eating chocolate bar watching
but I remember somebody telling me that
they've never been more satisfied eating
chocolate and he'll watch a baby sick
like I have friends yes they did
so actually I don't want it it's all
right so far so let's get some mrs. via
the wind technoboy original movie
they're whistling us like a cowboy
yeah so he's into gaming on the way what
is that character see what how they do
they love us when they is going to be
many people is it going to be
oh yeah especially the opening child
should be opening song by waiting I mean
there's no songs from the movie and the
songs that they made up they're just not
really like I talked about something
about her son amar but like it Mathilde
like every song I chose catches though I
would say right now there's 56 Amazon so
far so good we can't give it a rating
now no recall we need some sort of like
rating system
in tolerating so far right but let's
call it something like espionage and
stars
lame idea we'll work on that
okay so we just got out of the theater
yeah there's looks like play center
yeah the theater and we're ready to give
a final verdict out of ten what would
you give it out of ten I'll give it a
six I was actually thinking seven six -
seven six in the beginning but I think
the second half kind of saved it yeah I
think the thing that was a bit more
interesting it was even more fun
trechie all the law and inside the
actual factory all the rooms and stuff
then the set design was pretty cool can
I just say one thing I wish they did was
stating the Oompa Loompa song oh yeah
you should've done that like I know it's
kind of expected but yeah overall sendai
I enjoyed it sounds good as Mathilda but
it's still probably one of the more
enjoyable musicals that I have seen I
remember when I said that Matilda was
going to be my first musical and someone
wrote in the comments that that was a
big mistake because the toad was the
best musical ever and that I would
always compare everything to tell that's
true which is true because if you have
never seen a musical and you need to but
I mean if you look at some fun evening
if you've got kids especially
the reference both but super h i anti
food the same standard my finally I like
I always just looking at the menu I'm
getting ice ginger tea with citrus
fruits and where the char grilled rib
eye beef with tamarind sauce
what are you getting Maury show Clemens
should I go for Kereopa noodles
made my mind up now I'm gonna get the
the southern fish berry and I'm gonna
get the morning glory
so I love morning glory I'm probably
some coconut rice I mean as they'll
share I'll be good
now you know a restaurant is good when
they have favorite sriracha sauce right
on the table you know when we made our
dim sum video I kept saying Sri Racha
because of Spelman Roger but you all let
me know it is service watch out
sriracha sriracha
this is my favorite with squid what's
this here we have our table with just
some soy sauce soy sauce fish sauce and
sriracha drinks again we've got what we
wanted some iced tea
Putin is my southern fish curry I stay
hates it is finished
and then here's my morning glory I love
love morning glory
it's literally vegetable dish delicious
satisfying and believe it's more spring
those steaks on the way feed savvy let's
see if they've done in to have affection
I think people might be up in arms
excited but meat medium well kind of
thinking what is that here we are back
at Leicester Square tube station you're
looking tired funny because although
we're 22 and 23 this is the latest night
we've had yeah we had our dinner we're
just heading home down so it's not gonna
be it
I think so my thing you want to wrap it
up yeah be enjoyable lovely maybe
tomorrow we'll video some more
in-depth thoughts about Holly yeah so
it's the morning after and I'm gonna
give you guys my final opinion because I
had a you know the night to sleep on it
I stay apparently said all she wants to
say it was okay I think if you don't
like musicals don't go and see that as
musical I think you could probably see
something like Matilda or Book of Mormon
or Lion games really like Lion King I
think they'll be better but if you're in
love with musicals or you have kids you
should definitely go it's still you know
doesn't be enjoyable and fun or you like
the Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
storyline oh you like the Charlie joke
about your storyline I said buy a stay
okay who apparently doesn't have
anything else to say but it says she
does so that's it ready hopefully we
will be able to squeeze in another vlog
sometime soon see you guys later
