we're in front of this very large lawn
chair we're sitting on this huge chair
it's called the Great Canadian Gift
Company get back in it just to show how
big it actually is keep in mind
Azlan is six foot two really almost nice
okay we're going in now the Great
Canadian Gift Company Aslan's already
zoomed in on the mugs he knows I love a
good mug this is a Canadian polar bear
in a snow storm that's actually really
cute I kind of want to get that look at
the inside I'm now in the t-section
Canadian breakfast - you I think this
wooden box is so cute
I love tea and I love these little RCMP
guys maple tea I've only had that once
but it's really good I hit the maple
jackpot
check this out are these hockey players
maple syrup in a hockey player bottle
and then these cool - I'm just reading
about this poopoo paper apparently but
they make paper out of moose poop and
here's an example this is actually made
of moose poop this this is made out of
moose poop and as you can see right here
that's it
kind of cool though here is a maple
syrup candle I know you can't smell this
but it smells just like maple syrup I
don't know if any of you guys remember
these but I used to have this exact belt
when I was a kid now tell me if this is
Canadian it's like a seat belt but it's
like about for your genes oh yeah
coolest thing ever okay here we are at
Niagara Falls now was in the winter
and it was actually really really missed
the really cold and cloudy we didn't get
to see anything so I had to come back
though I had to come back again it was
so foggy probably the first time Pocky
was so easy but for some reason this
time we spent about literally 45 minutes
fighting quality but anyway got it so
here we are at the Falls you can kind of
if i zoom in here you can kinda see it
so we're gonna just walk down there to
the main viewing oh yeah it's a big big
difference in the in the summer time
because in the winter it's it's nowhere
near as business no so yeah we'll be
seeing you dammit
so we're just walking towards the Falls
and I don't know if anybody who's a who
else has been here
has the same feeling but it's like
almost rain in the air it's kind of like
this oh they must be the mist from the
Falls but it's like it covers you there
for work it's not raining it's just it's
misting there's a Skylon tower I don't
know but the Canadians have this was
liking for large tall concrete spires CN
Tower this here
explain that to me alright so we're
slowly making our way down a little bit
pretty much nearly there now have a look
Stover there so we're gonna walk up this
path and we had to stop off for a little
snackaroo but I can tell you it was
pretty weird this they took so long to
make this one sandwich he was incredibly
probably took about 25 minutes mister
some it was about 25 minutes and there
was one guy in front of me and he wanted
to sobs and took they took him 25
minutes make three sandwiches all the
other thing so anyway but we are now
walking and here the Falls and all the
beautiful glory right there
and that lovely Miss
all right you can probably can't tell
but the color of the water is so nice
it's like this really deep turquoise
green
lovely lovely just hanging out the
waterfalls here perfect day for a
beautiful weather
there's the or you can see what is one
of the boats there the Maid of the Mist
number 247 probably but we I don't think
we've got time to do all that because
today we actually are planning going to
niagara-on-the-lake as well to be honest
this this is how I see it okay there are
a lot of random or detractions on there
the force here like there's an upside
down house about 10,000 casinos all this
year but the truth is that the only
attraction that's worthwhile is the fall
so you can come I don't think you know
unless I need to stay too long here you
can do the bow there really isn't that
much to do around here so instead we're
gonna go to this little small town
called nagger and the lake and
apparently a little bit quaint little
historic town we're gonna see the fort
there and all that sort of thing should
be fun what is this building down here
there's all the way up there all the way
down here this is so service road then
what is this building for what is it
useful I have no idea the closer we get
to the actual Falls the more wet it
seems to get
now just for instance just to prove my
point if you look down here
the road is relatively dry you look down
here the road is soaking wet and you see
lots of people in these yellow raincoats
I don't know if you can see these people
up ahead but they've got all these rain
coats on everybody's soaked
everybody's got their hair wet so I
wouldn't be coming at Niagara Falls if
you've got a hot date because you're
gonna be soaking wet but it is quite fun
I've never done the Maid of the Mist
thing I'm I've always kind of wanted to
do it but every time I get here I'm
always just kind of like no I don't want
to do it I don't know I can't explain
myself I can't explain my thought
process we have lost
Kelley estates bomb in this battle this
is soaking stay wanted to go as well but
I was like no whether you was a viewing
we don't have to do this we have to go
guys I don't know even if you can see
any of this
oh geez okay okay you're right it's
actually only fun though I'm enjoying
this okay
you can see that it's like these random
like clouds of sheer wet bitch they keep
them crawling up
well we're nearly there
okay now we're out of the west of it
we've got hair styling on the go I don't
see this is what my hair is like now you
guys know why I use a detangler
religiously there's a knot right there
this is gonna take hours oh my god I
feel like I've got dreadlocks again yep
mother are Kentucky thank you are you
drying off kind of so that's fine
anyway now we're off to we're headed to
the car so we can go to bomb yeah kind
of anyway now we're heading to the car
and my mum packed us a lunch so we're
gonna have a sandwich and my mom packed
some crackers and cheese and stuff and
then we're good but no we're headed o
niagara-on-the-lake or as Aslan likes to
call it viagra on the lake I know guys
I'm hilarious it's only some back in the
car
my shoes are soaked so I'm just gonna
you know casually hang myself at the
picado dry yeah but deep pretty
disgusting annoying me my t-shirt for
some reason he's not dry at all anyway
we were walking through the car park and
we saw these seagulls and a stage mom
goes oh look there's Steven I say Steven
whoo and she says Steven Seagal did it
it's a good one to utilize I think we're
all pretty impressed with this park and
it is the perfect place to have lunch
and yeah it's pretty good that my mom
was like had the idea to pack lunch
because it's way better than like
sitting in a restaurant when you can sit
outside to have lunch on the island
we're heading over to this island
nice location you want to know what
we're having for lunch I'll show you
we've got Triscuit biscuits or as the
French call them minces crow counts
we've got some sourdough bread lunch
meat mustard oh my god mom hit the
jackpot with the chocolate bars some
bottled water and this is a white
cheddar popcorn carrot salad cheese we
have got it all in this cooler
but the badass gang Canadian Geese
really mean looking anybody
we've decided to go on scooters so we're
at East scoot e bike rentals and sales
and we've got quite a variety to choose
from I think I'm gonna go with the
orange one with the seat do the three
wheels extra stable got his helmet on
we're getting ready to go so here we are
I'm scared out of my mind I've never
been on one of these things and look at
my eye stays being given he's kind of
like off moped off bike hybrids
everybody else is writing these could
have known looking things and it stays
got this repo nice doesn't look too hard
but then again we'll see fingers crossed
nobody falls
so here we are on these weird-ass bikes
a little bit weird not gonna lie
star funny cuz the electric right so the
the throttle response is a little
different as soon as you it sits there
as soon as you turn it it's very silly
so we've been cut out riding around
being kind of fun there's a stay is
riding up so yeah we're doing this
little trail gonna take us out to Fort
George and I go on the lake it's
actually amazingly fun yeah I mean I was
nervous to do it but I'm glad we're
doing it is hilarious and my mom looks
pretty clear yeah you know what else is
really hilarious this penis the church
really good yeah I'm wearing a dress so
I have to like shove it that my dress
doesn't this safety thing to say that's
funny yeah the funny situation it's fun
are you having fun
I'm happy to show them what you look
like driving
this is probably not safe but I'm doing
it anyway let's give her all the way
let's go
so here we are at the what looks like
the world's smallest Chapel pretty is
tiny in perspective let's take that next
to it pretty tiny freaky things
in the center niagara-on-the-lake and it
is a very little fancy town very quaint
I stay said it feels like a movie set
and it kind of does cuz all the flowers
are little too well-kept and the roads
are a little too nice I don't know I
like look at that look at that hotel
there yeah kind of like a movie set
almost not real so we're going to the
Niagara up off the green some sort of a
old apothecary Museum there it is
it stays interested in things was the
apothecary so we had to that little
artifacts history about pharmacology in
general I think
it's opium back in the days I suppose
when opium was not bad boss was just as
loud as it is now what wasn't seem to be
as bad by society okay so we parked the
e-bikes as ones moving me here we parked
the e-bikes and we've just been walking
around the town really cute little town
and I think we're gonna end well here
and we're just gonna walk around get
some dinner go home relax I think it's
like a couple hours drive back to where
my mom lives yeah it's been a very nice
little day very nice town anything else
to add no you live now if you live on
either in the lake you're lucky enjoy it
really nice really cute thank you okay
