we are in Canada still as you may notice
I stays driving so it going to be gotta
oh good one yeah we were just discussing
that I have major major road rage oh
yeah I don't think I say good actually
driving would you ever take me as the
type of person to have like really bad
road rage anyway
we are now on our way to Valley Village
which is kind of like a huge Tercel got
a decent drifting you know us that's
what we do yeah I'm gonna pop some tags
only got twenty dollars in my pocket
wait
I'm gonna pop some tags I mean I'm gonna
go and buy some stuff yes oh I thought
that meant I was gonna like go pop some
guys no the eggs tags no okay whatever
but er I don't know maybe it means like
when you look at a tag Poppa tag I don't
I'm not coming up tonight anyway we
didn't vlog yesterday but I'm gonna
insert some footage because last night
Eric my brother and Aslan went
go-karting and it was the most hilarious
thing I've ever seen in my life but the
really unfortunate thing about it was my
camera died as I was trying to film it
and then I was like oh that's fine I'll
go use my phone and then my phone was
full like you know your camera storage
gets full and I was like oh you gotta be
kidding me but I have one good clip one
little segment where the wheel on his
GARP go-kart fell out because like
screaming at me like my wheels missing
so you can watch that right now I was
driving it so hard I was pushing it to
the limit so much that the front left
wheel fell off actually by yeah but I
change the car so I should go into a
better car and then I whipped Eric's ass
so you know okay roll the clip yes we
are in estates grandma's car so and the
reason why we have these uh seat covers
here that's gonna hello is not drivin a
car unless they have like these
hilarious seat covers and you know how
like older people love those seat covers
that are like beads have you ever seen
oh yeah yeah oh my grandma used to have
one I don't know what happened rope
without with players like you'd sit down
and you'd be like rolling around on this
beam if you love that you're nice on the
ass and on the back oh that's what he's
thinking apparently one yeah I just
thought I'd inform you that this is uh
this is the G units car my grandparents
just a D unit what anywho still driving
yep
on the way to very village PSS um I know
that these sunglasses look hideous on me
but the reason why I'm wearing these not
my normal ones which I love is because I
think I've lost my normal ones yet again
whenever I get my sunglasses I always
lose them and I feel like such an idiot
this is the second time he's lost yeah
and I happen to lose them like two days
before we went on this trip and I was so
mad cuz obviously gorgeous sunny air
so instead of wearing these these HD
vision sunglasses these are like ones
you can buy from the TV like on an
inhale but I think they cost like 10
bucks and they have this little funky
side window so you can like show them
what it's like to actually see through
it because I like yellow
oh yeah yeah the thing I love about
these glasses the most is that they make
the whole world seem so happy in yellow
like you can see right now and without
it it's all blue and white Arwa oh happy
drug normal well happy blue and horrible
yeah that's horror when the sky is great
for you oh I don't know I just like it
when everything all kind of happy tastes
so yeah so just excuse these glasses I
know that horrible but you know you're
not to deal with it bye bye
so in Valley Village now how about time
time too much we went to my favorite lab
school section and I found these two
actually it's kind of interesting
it's an old General Electric radio /
alarm nice kind of same teasers that is
the question comes the electrical
testing station here but there's no
plugs to be seen so in our minutes
testers so this which is only four
dollars but if it works is pretty good
deal and then this which is just a
little small little not no radio just an
alarm clock
no that's three bucks so if that works
they'll be nice but I don't know at this
point just it's a lot a lot to the
battery for anything else but you can
see it's a huge huge space you know
yep it's on they went on today yep oh
there you go that's quite cool oh
there's our hey that's good so that
works now let's see yeah that's a look
line yeah I mean we'll just have to get
an adapter or you are it don't think
you're picking up radio very well-fitted
stick up for service sir
so the job I don't think I should get to
pose you get one is wienies - I like
this general electric you know it's got
a name brand which is nice about the
symbol but this is cute this is cuter
and the the radiator is nice to be
working on this so I don't know what you
reckon well let's walk around and think
about okay right well we'll have a look
climbing out of try and look some kinda
t-shirts for me just what I always
wanted a parakeet starter kit actually
did have a parakeet once told you that
bad story no long long sad emotional
story but it died and see what else we
can find
I'm one of the funniest things they do
about even just make put stuff they
group items in a little little packet
and they package it on plastic bags like
they group like items together and it's
really weird like this stuff well this
is just like a wire I used to be so good
at finding things in thrift stores but
today's trip is proving the opposite I
don't know everything I go through this
seems to be a little bit just not really
for me but yeah I remember when I used
like be a teenager you sir just go
through stuff and I find everything my
whole wardrobe was that basically
thrifted but now I just can't find
anything where is Jen em when you need
her that is the question Appling has
possibly found something right up his
tree Tim Hortons roll up the rim to win
I love that I won't actually much
because I'll be able to do it once in my
life
and I've never he want to do that wow I
never yeah usually in the wintertime I
think when I do roll the room for those
who you don't know what world the rim is
you basically roll up the rim of a
coffee cup and you can like win prizes
it such as donut some cookies and three
coffees yeah it's essentially just the
prize that keeps on giving
so I just came out so um Valley Village
that's right I die slow dunno these
names uh we got two little things I got
the you got the smaller of the clocks
this one's a little cute little thing so
all the clocks I didn't get the big one
even though it was General Electric
which is kind of cool because the I'm
not sure the radio work and I would have
drove me insane if it was just a useless
radio clock that didn't actually have
radio on it and then I got the Tim
Hortons we're off the rim t-shirt you
know love it been for anything else
excuse me while I back up extremely you
know so now we are headed to Talese
which is called like Valley Village with
a different name we see if we can find
anything there probably not but you know
found this cute law
SuperMario t-shirt and best thing about
it is actually a special nintendo
t-shirt kind of cool kind of ran my
suppose that rabbit I don't I like it
after the Tilly's shopping trip we have
now made it back to Tim Hortons
I forgot that they changed the sizes
excuse my mosquito bite
I forgot that they change the size so I
ordered a large CT but this is actually
an extra-large but they change the sizes
so now medium is large and larges
extra-large maybe only Canadians know or
care about this part it's pretty big
anyway and then Alan got a caramel apple
fritter I got maple dip doughnut oh yeah
can't wait to bite into that here comes
out one he's got is hazelnut iced latte
so stop three and what seems to be a
shopping Stravaganza today I don't know
if it will it didn't start off like this
we didn't intend to proceed but so all
it's done here I like this blue
background that's got it yeah we are at
pet cetera too high of an angle what
happened pet cetera took a big pet store
and the reason why we're here is because
it stays mom's dog his name is Louie
Louie Louis he is a bit of a pest he is
very very tightly wound
he is constantly wanting to play with
the ball constantly pestering you
basically he wants to be entertained at
all time so now we've come here to try
and figure out if we can find some sort
of toy for him that'll keep him occupied
whilst nobody else in the house or
whatever because I have seen toys where
like dogs have to fit like certain
shapes into like onto a play and then it
releases a tree that's something I kind
of you know it's more of a kind of a
mental trick rather than just throwing a
ball so I'm gonna try and see if we
could find something like that by him
here cuz I think I'll be good for the
guy here we are on the bed store and as
a as normal North America does
everything big so this is probably the
biggest pets olivines in my life
lastly everything you've got to let the
rodents in here it's a nice lovely
hamsters mango then you have your birds
get your parent eat they are flying
around and it's just like so huge is
just so much choice
nice choice I mean it's true what they
say no in movies and on TV everything
like shops in North America this is just
an ordinary pet shop this isn't anything
like special you know it's just
incredible that we will be so big like
to find something like this in England
it's you have like really look and it's
harder I've never seen a pet shop this
big in England so incredible look at
this we found this the state thinks it
looks like my brother
yeah but firstly it was $30 30 bucks so
I was like a deal going over its half
party so I don't know but actually it's
half price but I'm just gonna carry it
around for now cos it's so freaking cute
by me please alright so at pet cetera we
got this hiding treat puzzle and this is
what it looks like in real life
these are what the treats off this hi hi
yep and you literally put the treats in
there and then I guess so got a dog like
us to find them and stuff like that so
this is the first time we're testing it
out to see if it works
yeah well not to see if it works but to
see if the dog will actually use it
while he's found the main treats
find the transom so far he's just
finding the obvious dreams he's getting
there I think he knows
ah yeah good boy see Frankie's kind of
enjoying it though at least good boy
Louie is this as boring for you guys as
it is for us sir
and the other toy we got him is this one
it's like made out of um tennis ball
material he doesn't actually seem too
keen on it though that's the thing Louie
wanna try this this toy that's not as
good as treats I think sometimes it
takes a while for dogs to get used to
new toys because they're not as good as
their old ones it seems like Louis is
very much in love with this particular
toy called a Kong and you basically put
a they say put a treat in this rubber
thing and I guess they just go at it for
hours isn't this cute how Louis lays all
he's doing the Superman he's just
basking in the Sun relaxing playing with
his new toy for those wondering um I
think he's a half Bichon half poodle but
my grandma personally thinks he's half
Maltese half poodle so that's a Maltipoo
I guess and he's about a year old I
think he's so cute alright so we just
got back we went out for dinner and we
basically just got chicken wings and as
an ordered nachos and they came out on
this huge giant plate I wasn't expecting
it yeah it was impressive it was a
massive weight of nachos so we just kind
of like hung out me my mom and my
brother and as one of course so it was a
nice little dinner but we're back now
and we're just really chilling out it's
a bit of a lazy day sorry this vlog
wasn't as exciting is eventful as some
but this is what it's you know the
holiday you want to chill out yeah
exactly so now I'm we're gonna play a
well it's not really a board game but
it's like it's called croakie no and
it's basically I don't know if it's a
Canadian game but
it's a board game but it's on a big
wooden board and you have to like try to
flick wooden pieces into the center hole
of the board game it's kind of hard to
explain but I'm sure I'll get a little
clip of it however we're playing with my
grandparents and their little camera-shy
they don't want to be put on the
Internet
they said my grandma's really freaked
out by the internet and she does not
want to be on it which is fair enough
so I think we'll put the Edit here yep
we're gonna have a nice relaxing evening
and we'll see you later
