hello welcome to Canada first vlog video
we're in the car with myself I stay in
the back of Eric stage brother this is
my brother who do you guys think we look
alike it's hard to tell with the
sunglasses on
maybe maybe first of all it's freakin
hot here it is about 35 degrees or
something it's about 3 o'clock in the
afternoon we are headed to KW surplus
our favorite random store it's basically
just a store that sells bulk items
camping items per paper army camouflage
clothes
it's very weird yeah it's very weird I
mean that's from an English perspective
nothing like it nothing like it so
I put one of those camo hats on all
crayons a handful is 99 cents how big is
a handful it says your finger and thumb
of the hand the pencils are in would
this be a handful yeah okay yeah
yeah you think this point I was not
happy life
is realism
like this though
basically
I don't really know why but there's a
huge tank in front of kW surplus I
remember being a kid and climbing up
this thing just got finished browsing
and kW surplus and as you probably saw
up Azlan and my brother Eric went off
the tank big guys tank I don't even
really know why that's there but I
remember being a little kid and like
climbing up that thing all the memories
but anyway now we're going to the beer
store because we've got some empty beer
bottles to return and you like bring it
back to the beer store and they recycle
it and you get like I think it's five
cents a bottle or something now I don't
drink beer but my brother on the other
hand he's a man who loves a nice cold
one so and can I just say words cannot
express how hot it is outside it's the
humidity it is as you can probably see
on my face the sweat is dripping off my
upper lip like oh it is not good but we
need to get a drink so we're now looking
for a little place to stop on the way to
the beer store we are at Tim Hortons now
and this is gonna be a good time I'm
about to order some lemonade's medium
original frozen lemonade just gonna whip
up my Tim card oh this is a Tim card for
those of you don't know you can like
load it up and get put mutt like it's
like a gift card basically but I've got
$25 on this and we're gonna be we're
gonna be having some sweet sweet
lemonade
how's the raspberry lemon village let me
try raspberry I like your age
raspberries better alright so we just
got back from doing our errands and out
of nowhere a storm has appeared and just
take a look at the sky supposed to be
barbecuing right now and he's too scared
to come out so no he's not actually
scared to come out but he's now in the
midst of making some black guacamole
black we're gonna get a snack attack
snack attack attack another update the
power just went out so it's like the
beginning of a horror movie
oh my gosh it's so crazy how I can go
from like 40 degrees no it's like 35
degrees and now oh my gosh if you just
look at the window here oh my gosh is
crazy I hope there's not a tornado what
do you think Louie are you scared a
little bit scared you don't like what
it's storming up just look at this oh my
god I can't get over it
I'm soaking right over here
all right I'm officially soaked I'm
going back in yeah I love summer storms
though summer storms and bacon yeah I'm
like what's that smell of bacon
Eric's eating can't blame me okay Eric
and I are just outside watching the
storm because I mean yeah it rains a lot
in England but it doesn't freaking rain
like this mantle down for exactly but my
mom came out to tell us that you see
this tree in our flowerbed she said that
was actually planted by us it was
actually planted by a squirrel so like I
guess the squirrel just planted the nut
in the flowerbed and it grew up to look
like that I thought was quite cute
beautiful but do you remember like what
as kids like sitting on the porch
watching something sir stuff like it's a
summer thing I think I look scared in
the house he won't come back out
it's all curled up this block yeah check
out this beautiful meal this is the
guacamole as one ended up making
OMG he makes the best Baca memory chips
chicken some type of cheese camembert I
think great brie and carrot sticks I
think we're gonna dip these in the
cheese all right so the power is out for
a couple of hours actually it was kind
of weird just didn't really go back on
and apparently the whole area had like
issues for a while
anyway the powers back on and we just
got ready because my brother me and
Aslan are going to a bar believe you're
not that's so unlike us isn't it but
it's Eric's friend's birthday party and
we just thought we'd come along just for
something to do we're probably not gonna
film there and stuff but I'm the
designated driver so I have to be very
responsible this evening which is fine
by me
yes we're just gonna go there hang up
for a couple of hours come back and then
I guess we'll see you tomorrow I think
we're gonna be going to a little antique
fair with my mom and a couple other
exciting Canadian things right yeah okay
bye
