hello then welcome to the vlog Channel
welcome back if you've been an avid
follower I appreciate that I stay asked
a couple people on Twitter if they'll be
interested in a Q&A session on the
channel and they seem to say yes yeah so
since this is our vlog channel I guess
you guys should probably get to know us
and get to know more about us as
individuals and as a couple because you
know people probably don't know too much
about us if you didn't if you don't
watch my beauty channel you're probably
thinking who are you know you might not
know so here we go should we first start
with that fart hard start no fart in
this video so let's just start by
telling everyone how and when we met
yeah yeah that's not a question that's a
good background oh you don't know we met
on the Internet
I don't want to insert datings actually
a little bit more or I like to say
magical other people say creepy it was
on omegle calm no before we go into this
omegle now is different than it was four
years ago okay but before it was
completely normal to have a chat
conversation on omegle now which before
that wasn't even any video on omegle it
was just text-based chat but now it all
it is is just surprise penises yes
recommend anyone really going on there
looking for love um you're just gonna go
in there and see some guys junk
basically as what but we did meet on
there and it was just like a text-based
chat thing and it was like it um it
allowed you to speak to strangers
anywhere across the world so just kind
of like hooked you up with someone
run them anywhere in the world you had
no idea about them there was no flow to
them or anything and it was just kind of
like hey and then I was like hi and then
yeah so I do you think about I just for
a second that's actually kind of crazy
you know if I had gone on to that
website maybe even two seconds later we
wouldn't have been connected so I know I
don't know we I don't know if I'm really
believes in fate but it's just kind of
like how could that happen and then it
worked out
I don't know so obviously he was living
in England and I was living in Canada
and we continued our online romance for
a year and then eventually he flew to
Canada met my family we went on you and
me and then me for a week um and then
yeah so then after he met me and my
family we went on a road trip across the
u.s. for about two months and then a
couple months after that I moved to
England and I've been here ever since
yeah one day it's quite a story or quite
a story but uh yeah um how old are we um
I am 23 and I stay is 22 and I'm going
to be 23 on August 17th that did that
better how can you say like that it's
like that's fine all right we we well
we've reconfigured because I stay need
to be comfortable at all times could we
be there's no way she could have a like
you and so I'm gonna sign like is like
up like visit now I was sitting on the
side so you like this fun so we're gonna
good deal okay now for the actual
questions what is your dream destination
um I'll let you ladies first
okay um I think my dream destination is
prod so hard I think Japan Japan yeah
well would I would I think one of the
days recently we said we've said that
but I think that that's um but there's
lots of places I want to go I actually
really want to go to Arizona oh yeah we
watching this the show on TV the other
day and I stay was saying that how she
loves the look of houses in the suburbs
by rizona yeah I don't know why I just I
I love the look of Arizona I don't know
whatever I think maybe because of
Breaking Bad maybe because I think in
Breaking Bad the guys based in Arizona I
think Alba also somewhere in the South
Devon yeah and I kind of get it because
all the suburbs that do have a specific
look is kind of like a lot of bungalows
and they all have come duh I like
brownies yeah cacti my Deena station is
North Korea yeah Azlan watches every
single North Korean documentary there is
I am obsessed with North Korea
fascinated by the country or the history
and everything and yeah I wish I hope to
one day visit North Korea prior to the
to its inevitable collapse so yeah maybe
you know if if I'm lucky enough to find
some free time and go through all the
annoying paperwork and rage the visas
etc I would love to very well three
favorite piece of furniture in your home
now we are actually going to be doing a
living room tour of this living room so
you can look at that if you want to see
more of our furniture but to pick one
piece um I think we're kind of on the
same page when we say that these side
boards are our favorite piece of
furniture or know what's yours oh yeah
this coffee table here I mean because um
why I talk more about it in the in the
living room tour which will be going off
but I love the design and I love the
fact that we only picked it up for was
at five for seven pounds on gumtree
and it's just that yeah I mean it's a
perfect mid-set mid-century shape it's
got a lovely color to it it's got that
tray underneath which I love and down
yeah I like this table it's not like I
would leave both ends she's kind of rare
again just this tape of the line on the
middle I don't know I think it's a well
made lovely shape so cheap and we're
very lucky to get it and I say that the
side boards are a favorite because you
guys probably know by now that we love
going to markets we love furniture and
stuff like that
and I think that these side boards we
have one here and one over there I think
they kind of started the whole thing off
kicked it off for us yeah yeah I really
like the style of them I think it really
like set the vibe for the rest of the
decoration in our house how did you feel
when you were about to see Aslan for the
first time okay so the first time as
when I met in person it was the Toronto
Airport and um I was petrified because
obviously it was one year of basically
being in love with someone you didn't
know like you knew them but you'd never
met them it was like a weird thing so
there was a lot of pressure obviously to
meet the person anyway I news
coming in and I got to the airport like
five hours early and he called me and he
was saying okay I'm coming through gates
now and I panicked and I actually hid I
hid behind this huge pillar and he came
out and said where are you and I said
I'm I'm hiding I can't do it I was like
so scared and he got mad hung up the
phone and then I started thinking like
hey don't be an idiot
it's because she was actually spying on
me cuz she was hidden behind this pillar
I don't know which one and she was she
could see me but yeah when I actually
saw him and I was that he couldn't see
me I couldn't believe it was actually
him and I just I look so handsome but I
was really nervous because I thought oh
he's not gonna like me I'm gonna look
different what if you thinks I'm gonna
look like and I was really nervous but
then I remember walking up to you and I
could see in your eyes that you were you
were not you were okay with me I was
like when I first I was like God she'll
do shoulders ya know nobody saw me I was
just like I could tell that he wasn't
like one like I could tell that you were
happy to see me yeah definitely how I
felt it was obviously nervous if you
gotta be nervous but uh well I realized
that it would be a little bit weird and
kind of awkward you know so I just
wanted to kind of get that over and done
with so I just I just my mental state
was oh let's just get on with it let's
just get get into the car park drive the
car you know just do everything get that
initial weird little fade out of the way
cuz it was like a lot of heart
fluttering like should we just say when
we first met we I think we just like
held each other's hands and then I think
we did kiss did kiss to the airport and
I remember Ã¶zil you actually asked you
said can I kiss you and I said yes I was
just like oh god
actually I get explain nervous just
thinking about it and then I was uh I
was it and then the rest is are really
history isn't it mm-hmm
okay where do you want your life to be
in five years time I hate these
questions I find these questions so hard
because for instance like four years ago
I would have never in a million years
thought I'd be living in England I mean
that wasn't even a blip on my radar
really and it was just never something
like it
I never really wanted to do necessarily
um so I just think it's so hard to like
predict stuff like that I think I think
it in five years time your life is
exactly as it was as it was when you
predicted it that's kind of a little
boring and almost like go it's always
not real because nothing ever works out
exactly as people like but like every
single person I've met I've asked them
what did you want to be when you were
growing up when when you left school and
pretty much 99% of them say oh I want to
be this but I never ended up doing the
thing that I wanted to do you know I
don't love doing something else and you
know what I actually love it even more
I hate out what I didn't do it whatever
but I don't think life works that way
yeah but I do have a couple of goals for
instance I want to finish my degree I
want to be just happy and doing what I'm
doing where I'm doing it it's about it I
think that's all you can really ask for
is to be happy do you think you'll ever
want to live somewhere else I'll let you
answer this no man this is a loaded
question because obviously as stays
moved over to England and she's from
Canada as you all know and I think
initially it was very difficult for us
to be on the same page about where we're
going to be living in the future but I
think now we were already comfortable
where we are and understanding how I
feel where the future is going to go I
think we probably will move to Canada
sometime in the future and that would be
my answer that question I see myself I
would love to live in Canada I really
like had every single time I visited
candidates being lovely nice um I love
the culture I love the people I don't
see myself having a problem living in
Canada
the thing is when I actually moved over
here I moved here on a 2-year visa and
it was kind of always the plan that I
was going to live here for two years and
then we were going to move back to
Canada well those two years have come
and gone and I'm really happy living in
England I love it here I've made a lot
of friends here I'm just I just feel
like I'm just living my life right now
like living it here but I think moving
to Canada Stephanie something I want to
do and it seems like Aslan wants to do
it and I think it's just we're not
putting a date on it really yeah
whatever whatever feels right you know
if if there's ever a time where ever
feels right we've had enough of London
or we've had enough of England you know
it's time to move on then none of us
will do it yeah but I mean who knows we
might never move to Canada I don't know
what I would say that we're spontaneous
people but I think that were people who
when we feel like something is right we
just do it but I don't I don't want to
like say oh do you yeah we're definitely
moving two years because I think well if
you don't want to go why why would you
go right so what are each other's best
qualities should I go first would you
want to go first
um yeah you go first me let me think
about this okay as one's good qualities
um there are many of course number one
he's so funny
Aslan is so funny and he makes me laugh
like nobody's business just the things
he does it just um I God um number two
you're very um level-headed so if
goes down Aslan never freaks out he just
handles it and he's really responsible
and
he doesn't he doesn't like have an
anxiety attack like I do like he just
gets on with it comes into jacket had a
quick story the other day may I say
ordered pizza and okay we open up the
box and we both had a slice each I
didn't know you're gonna tell us why I
this tape escape by second slice and
then she actually not over the box I
fell and all the pizza when toppings
down
awesome wooden floor yeah and she was
just like
thank for about I'm just making this
note for about half a minute just by and
then I was just like what are you doing
yeah I thought I was like get the paper
towel that I was in my level-headed work
get the big piles make sure it doesn't
soak into the wood and I was just like
standing there like you've got to be
freaking kidding he's really kind I
thought is so just kind I think it's
because he grew up with his mom and
sister and that's like a lot of female
energy and I think that your mom really
raised you right like I just think she
just raised you right you're just such a
nice guy like if he can do anything to
help someone else he will do it even if
it you know interject from his life and
another thing he's a perfectionist but
in a good way he does everything right
like if I ask him to clean the toilet he
cleans it perfectly that's a really good
quality resume yeah not cleaning the
toilet but just being a perfect like she
just wants everything to be right okay
hey thank you and by the way I know what
mom what she meant so yeah there you go
get in good with the boyfriends mom um
my time now I suppose yeah good Oh
laughter so there's just so many I think
I'm not going to go through like a whole
list I'm going to say the one thing that
I'm always constantly constantly
impressed by this day is her ability to
read my mood like s they can really tell
as soon as I walk through the door
within like 10 15 seconds what kind of
mood I'm in and what she should do in
order to make me feel better or like I
should just you should just leave me
alone for like you know 20 30 minutes
just if I find like you know annoyed
with something I deal with something or
whether I need to get in and get a hug
or you know a chicken on sugar I don't I
feel like you can read me better than
anybody else in the world and I always
felt myself as being a very good liar
and being able to like you know yeah I
thought I was like I could light it
but if he lives I know straight away and
I'm sure that's the same with lots of
couples like a sec reasons I say can
sell so easily what I like I think we're
pretty good alive but like it's the type
of like Oh what did you have for lunch
and he'll be like oh a salad and I'll be
like you didn't KFC so yeah I loved her
ability to read me like a book
oh and I'm funny I'm beautiful ugly now
enough mushy stuff what annoys you about
each other um there are many things I
think that each of us to do we know each
other okay I go to bed really early I
like to go to bed like if I could go to
bed at 9:30 every night I would but as
well and stays up on his laptop to like
2:00 in the morning I do not know okay
okay just because I stay falls asleep at
10:30 they don't necessarily think I
should be kept to that kind of fascist
bedtime scheme I'm allowed to stay up
until maybe 11 12 in some time a little
bit while oh it's just like traffic
light everything light up so do you hate
the Bible I don't hate it because I
understand that not every 23 year old
once go to bed at 10:30 but she just
wants me to like stop spooning the 9000
so I can get to bed at 10 10 o'clock and
so and for me not to move or to switch
on the light so dundas nervously ladies
tell me if your man or lady does this do
they when they are instance like taking
a lid off something like say he had
cottage cheese he does unique up cheese
and he took the little lid off would
they keep it just leap out on the cabin
would they throw it away no as one keeps
everything on the counter if he like
cuts a tag off of a shirt or something
he'll leave it on the counter he doesn't
actually throw his garbage in the
garbage and then I feel like I'm running
around putting your garbage in the
garbage I just leave it because I feel
like I'm gonna clean it up later and
that later is I do it now your turn I
think the thing that woody grinds my
gears is
yeah the fact that este gets so
emotional when watching TV or movie you
don't like it I think not I think it
doesn't know any sometimes because I
feel like it you're really getting upset
and I feel like oh should I stop
watching the movie and you know just see
if you're okay or what you're not fine I
just feel like I'm really I when I watch
something I really put myself in the
characters shoes and I could cry at
anything like for instance like if
somebody's best friend dies in a movie I
feel that is that they were happening to
me and I cry yeah instantly I think one
other thing I'll say is I stays
incredible ability to make me feel
guilty when she's cleaning and I am NOT
some reason when I stay clean and I'm
not cleaning and I'm just like you know
chilling out on the sofa or something I
don't know is it the way that you look
at me the way you carry yourself
I think it's your own personal guilt it
just makes me feel so guilty I mean it
I'll be like vacuuming the whole house
I'll be like sweating balls and then I
was gonna be like gaming on the couch or
something but I've never said a word
I probably Gigi know that she'll make
sure she's like you know like late in to
be like oh I can't believe you know help
Amiga
she's just cheatin get gets on with it
buy cheap I think I think it's when you
look at me the way you say no no it's
your own personal guilt for it and never
helping me clean the house what I was
healthy peanuts okay when we were
cleaning a day what it okay yeah the one
time okay that way I keep I clean the
whole bathroom sweaters who is your
favorite youtuber I know it's gonna be
um nutty uh I think you go the
office provide it okay I don't really
know because I I want you to a lot like
I watch YouTube more than I watch TV I
love it um but I think that the main
youtuber that I love and I feel like
basically son because I watch her videos
every single day it's Judy's life
I love her daily vlogs I love Judy
I love Benji I love Giuliana I love
washing it like I feel like it's so
creepy that I love watching their life
so much but I wake up every morning and
their vlog is there and I watch it every
morning with my breakfast and it's just
a really enjoyable part of my day I just
really love them as a family yeah uh I
gotta say it already like Benji mean
Benji if you watching this
should I uh I don't think you object you
should cook something together yeah yeah
I'm just a nice family so if you're
interested in watching daily vlogs with
the fewest baby of all time watch it's a
Judy's life yeah okay the baby's with
you
who's your it's somebody who I love to
watch and I think deserves a lot more
recognition and praise than he already
gets it mr. Anthony Fontenot menial job
um love the guy oh my god he is so
passionate about music he knows so much
he puts so much effort and his
incredible ability just turn out the
work one after than I trust me I know if
we said this but he reviews music yes
sir Internet's busiest music nerd yeah
and I even love him and I don't even
listen to half the things he talks back
and I just love listening and talk about
music just socially little drop on
YouTube and then he'll come up and but
yeah he knows so much and he puts out
review after review all of an excellent
standard so he never is like makes
half-ass videos like his reviews the way
he describes things it just really makes
you understand the music makes you want
to listen to music he is amazing
I have to say yeah love it love them so
Anthony fan Chad oh we love you whatever
you're doing keep on doing it because
you're doing it right he deserves
millions of subscribers definitely what
do you hope to accomplish this year
individually and as a couple okay so one
thing we really want to accomplish
individually and as a couple is one get
fit that's something that we've been
working on for a while kind of getting
the you know this there needs to be some
sort of lead up to making
lifestyle a bit healthier but I think
we're both at a time when we really want
to become a little more healthier and
start exercising more yep just be
healthy I mean I don't think I don't
know we're gonna be 23 and I just think
that we should just really start taking
care of our bodies yeah Stephanie well I
don't know sir it's not like I
don't want to go for like Tony up or
like you know putting on muscle or
losing weight and just I miss that
feeling that I used to have when I used
to run or used to play sports of just
knowing that I could if I needed to
either one for the next 20 minutes and
with it so yeah we're just trying to
tone up okay I want to start taking
photos again but in a serious way I mean
for the past maybe year or so I've just
been taking snapshots and have already
been focusing that much on photography
but I used to really like taking photos
in a way that I would actually go out
and seriously consider what I would take
a photo of and put time and effort into
it and you know can't go out on a tripod
and only take maybe four or five photos
in a day but what do you think about the
composition all that except from so I'm
gonna try and get into again it's just
time you know not enough time yeah try
and do that because when I first met
Alan he was really into photography and
he actually used to have a photography
blog and which is not running at the
moment like I used to be like a really
big hog hobby of his and I think you
really enjoyed it yeah I still enjoy it
I still enjoyed the photography wall
it's just I yeah it's tight I need to
find time what item of clothing
do you wish would disappear from each
other's wardrobe okay so one of the
items that I really hate that as I've
had were these like brown trousers
luckily there are we gone he donated
them but they were literally
colored trousers and I could just Roma
brown trousers there were just a pair of
loose comfortable travel it's an I would
wear if I need to turn it or go god
nigga if I went somewhere that I
you like I would get done Solon yeah so
good that you would wear them all the
time
then what pretty comfortable where
necessary but he got rid of those and I
actually doing pressure and willing to
get rid of those you did on your course
I was just a would get rid of her sheep
coat I don't know if you guys know what
I mean let me uh it was actually hanging
up on me get quickly oh yeah here it is
this lovely she cooked look at the
material is like this so I had a fleece
like really long fleece mr. monkey I
don't know why I thought this was a good
idea but it's literally like I put this
on and I feel like I'm a sheep I just
don't understand does nothing for my
figure well I don't even that I just
understand how would that go with
anything I think I might have to do this
because seriously like I every time I go
to put it on at this life how can I pull
this off should we understand yep anyway
hope that made you guys find out a
little bit more about us yeah we'd love
to do more of these in the future if you
have any more questions I think we
pretty much covered everything
um but yeah we'll see you soon
thank you for watching keep on watching
you have a good day good day
what are you doing that'll do it I'm
trying to cut him off bye
