if you watched our last vlog as well
then I went to wing yet which is a giant
Asian food superstore and we got all of
the ingredients to make homemade dim sum
now I personally love dim sum it's one
of my favorite things to eat when I go
to a dim sum restaurant and um yeah I
just thought it'd be kind of cool to try
to make it ourselves but we have never
done it before so I'm not sure how it's
going to turn out if you are really good
at making dim sum please leave us some
tips and tricks about them because
obviously this is our first time and I'm
sure we're going to be doing a lot of
things wrong but you know you got to
start somewhere and hopefully one day
we'll be dim sum experts okay first
things first
before you do anything make sure that
you marinate your chicken first because
the more marination you give the better
flavor it gets so this is actually a
recipe that is they got off benjimantv
visually yeah basically i'm benjy from
his Jewish life and he was cooking stuff
and this is a good kind of a Jinni
aromatic he chicken recipe so the
ingredients are obviously you've got
your chicken breasts you can use chicken
thighs as well if you want a bit more
flavor Este hates chicken thighs
sticking with the breasts some coriander
or cilantro if you're over the pond some
limes garlic and I'm going to add just
some spring onions because I think it's
going to do well in the actual dim sum
so basically it's not very hard you want
to chop up everything really finely
except obviously the limes don't shut
off the limes just juice the limes the
rest of it just chop the hell out of it
including the chicken because anyone
making kind of do a piece that you put
into the enzyme so yeah I've just
chopped up the V the vegetables now cut
the coriander and the spring onions
there here's a bit of garlic and I
juiced and zest just a little bit of the
limes when it comes to the chicken you
can do it in two ways you can have to do
the old-fashioned method just do it by
hand chop it up nice and finely it's
going to take a while but I know I
personally enjoy doing that so that's
method I'm going to use alternatively
you can just pop it in a blender or a
food processor and just blend it to kind
of a fine mulch
what we're actually going to do is
actually pre cook the chicken in the pan
just to make sure it can be fully cooked
in the dim sum because it is tricky to
get it fully cooked if you put it in raw
so just to be safe going to pre cook it
before hand so it doesn't really matter
too much which method you use blender or
hand so here is the chicken I kind of
cut it all up finely and then got your
rest of the bits pieces here so you want
to do now is mix half of these
ingredients with the chicken I'm gonna
mix that well together and then we're
going to bring it over to the pan and we
are going to just pre cook it now I've
used some sesame oil I think that work
that's going to work really well because
the garlic and the cilantro the spring
onions and the lime are all kind of very
aromatic so you'll begin to have
something very earthy like sesame oil
just going to go along with that so here
it is they've got the chicken half of
the other bits in here already now you
could leave this to marinate for a while
but because we've let the rest of the
half of the green stuff available we can
add that later on so that's not gonna
give lots of flavor so and if you really
want to marinate you can leave this for
two three hours but I think it's kind of
appointment we're a little bit hungry so
I don't think we're going to be waiting
so we'll bring it over to the pan and
just simply pop it on here and just cook
it to this small tube like a light brown
yeah I don't think you have to like to
cook it completely because we will still
be steaming it but just a little bit
nicer okay so we literally had that on
the stove for about the less than a
minute yeah but I'm just super paranoid
about chicken like if I know I just
can't eat something unless I know that
it's cooked pop that into the bowl with
the lime juice then add the rest of
these too
now mix that alright so we just got
finished preparing for the chicken dim
sum and now we're making the vegetable
vegetarian dim sum so we chopped up some
carrots some bean sprouts those are some
mushrooms I hate mushrooms but I'm
trying to look past it because as it
says it will be a good flavor and then
garlic no that is actually some ginger
Oh ginger to Drew
I'm the reason why the the master is
really important is because you won
especially making a veggie option you
wanted to have a little bit of body
little bite to it
so that's what the mushroom does so
don't give up in the mushroom if you
don't wash your 2004 anyway so last
ingredient is a spinach yeah so we could
have to just blanch it so get some hot
boiling water pop it over the top let it
rest for about 30 seconds
does blanch mean boiled Wow watch me
just pop hot water on it and let it
cellphone spinach close up mm-hmm 30
seconds so after 30 seconds skip the
draining thing pop it out make sure
you're all this finish because this is
the good stuff this is the stuff make
your muscles large then just drench on
the cold water now so you want to stop
cooking it okay there you go
it is a medley of vegetable stuff so
again we have two I'm going to put this
stuff in a pan with a little bit of a
kind of a sauce that I made it was four
tablespoons of soy sauce 1 teaspoon of
hoisin and 1/2 a teaspoon of some chilli
sauce so in the last over the chicken I
use as me all this somebody's vegetable
because I want to keep them kind of old
and separate on them it's easy to
similar so yep ginger
there let it fry for about a couple of
minutes just so works with the rest of
the ingredients in for them so when the
ginger starts the browns to the edges
like that you want to add the rest of
the ingredients and then you just want
to cook this for about a minute just by
itself just keep them turning make sure
everything is coated in that ginger you
all and you going up and away so after
about a minute or so cooking you want to
add your little mixture that a little
bit of the side and then taste it see
maybe you like spicy even for love but
for now so we've got the veg and non-veg
right they're all ready to sit to go and
on the hob we have the bamboo steamer a
finally we read that if you use the
bamboo steamer the first thing we have
to wash them and make sure that it's
been kind of going on on the steaming
for at least half an hour before you use
them first so that's what we're doing
and also if you watched our previous
vlog which was the trip to wing yep
you'll know that we got these dim sum
pastry pieces what's the actual name in
this
they're called wonton pastry yeah but a
premade and it's just little squares um
that you kind of can pull apart like
this and then you stuff the filler
inside this and we have never made dim
sum like I've said so it's going to be
interesting to see if we can actually
put it in the proper shape or if it's
just gonna end up a disaster but
hopefully it should be all good in the
end I think we meant to kind of cut them
into circular shapes before we start
doing it yeah like cut a little bit
yeah then pull in so yeah I'll be fun
okay yeah I'm gonna go for chicken
I've got my little baby spoon here this
is the spoon that I used when I was a
little baby it's a Gerber baby spoon I
love it I don't need it too much I meant
to get a little bit of water to make it
stick a bit better or something you
making - Halfmoon shape Oh Halfmoon I
thought I was gonna go for the other one
okay well good okay I'll try it because
normally when I get chicken shumai they
kind of like have it done up like this
so the top is kind of exposed and I
think it looks really fancy look I did
it looks like it okay
there's one little dim sum right there
no good actually for a first try ever
that's I'm quite impressed with myself
I've gotta say okay so now let's just do
a five thousand more yeah I think one
trick so you may be making the whole
Halfmoon shape thing easy is if you get
a bunch of them then you probably just
cut through them like this
oh he's using his expert technique yeah
like expert technique not I'm going to
make the veg option here and I think I'm
going to go for just a classic Halfmoon
shape try to get a close-up I missed you
so that's just a little bit of water
just to make it stick otherwise
obviously it won't stick it's the glue
you want it is the glue there you go so
here is the real test
I'm trying to get a good angle here but
it's quite hard well there yeah here we
go all right so we read online that you
should put a big sort of lettuce leaf on
the bottom here just so that the dim sum
doesn't stick to it and it's easier to
remove once it is fully steamed and as
you can see we have our dim sum here and
I have to say it's a lot of effort for
very little payoff because if any of you
guys have had dim sum you can just pop
these babies back like nobody's business
and they're so good and they look quite
good I'm impressed with Ashland's Half
Moon style and then mine the first one
was by far the easiest the rest were a
lot harder and then I made these weird
envelope shapes just because why not try
and
elope style dim-sum you're sending me a
letter of love through food yeah
basically alright so get that lettuce in
there I'm just gonna try and down don't
put too many in at the same time because
you don't want them touching or anything
anything so no it said to put about
three in three three or four years
before that's what it looks like so now
we're gonna put the second one on top
this team just goes through there so I
need to be sitting for about five
minutes now I know yeah they're
definitely done we kind of forgot about
them if I'm honest oh oh they look good
though that's excellent
yeah excellent let's plate these bad
boys up okay alright so as you can see
we are still trying to pack up we are
moving soon and we're watching Wimbledon
and then this is the final product
our little snack I think it looks quite
good so we're gonna give it a little
test we'll let you know how it is I have
this Sri Racha sauce just on a plate
like that because I'm lazy and then a
little bit of soy sauce I like to dip
the dim sum in both of that those sauces
cuz I just like the taste lap and then
Aslan his his sauce over there mmm
alright we're just starting to take out
those second batch of dim sum now and
that's all we made really good actually
would you hurry I'd say surprisingly
good I didn't turn out very well at all
but actually quite tasty the only
problem is the amount of effort it takes
to make them yeah but I think because it
was the first time that's why he's so
hard but if you make make it like two or
three times I think that then that will
be a lot easier to make yeah but it was
definitely but I'm glad we tried it now
we know how much effort goes into
actually making them yeah whatever I'm
gonna add in some restaurant I'll
appreciate oh yes very little bit more
huh ok so I think we're gonna be
wrapping it up here we're just gonna
finish watching some tennis and we're
gonna finish one more than final yeah
Mar ease up Mari could do it
Jesus yeah that happens I think the
whole thing and we
ecstatic and I run even a sports person
but I actually been really enjoying
watching a tennis but we do have packing
to do
oh and one other thing I just wanted to
show you this is the sauce that I
mentioned in the kitchen it's the Sri
Racha but I showed that in the M winget
video but oh yeah oh yeah that's good
anyway see you guys next time
