about a year ago now must have been
about a year ago as well and I travelled
to win you which is a massive Asian food
store yeah it's basically the God of
agencies market yeah and we haven't been
back since well we've been back maybe
once um no no I haven't been back
yeah because usually when we come we do
a pretty massive shopping yeah we love
it and actually I will link the video
below to the last one below and I
finally ran out of the wasabi peas that
I got and I got look it's like huge tubs
where I cut you off
oh sorry that's right it was very big
yeah wasabi peas and he finally ate them
all so we're back to a restock on those
yeah and uh we got a general sense that
you some of you guys a lot of you guys
like cooking videos so what decided to
do maybe like an Asian themed cooking
video as well I'm kind of keen on
cooking cinema
Oh some homemade dim sum yep
we haven't I've never ever made a dim
sum at home it's nobody something I have
in a restaurant but I think I look
fairly easy so we'll see one of the
ingredients is the pre-made dim sum like
pancake things and only Asian
supermarkets have them so I think we if
should have so let's just go inside and
see what strikes our fans on the brows
and just before we go in I thought I'd
show you this entranceway now wing yep
does it large and wing yep doesn't in
charge
oh so it's on a pretty grand scale and
then this is the actual store we're at
the Croydon branch and I don't know this
is the biggest location but I know they
felt like five locations yeah there's
one if your love is another one in
Cricklewood
North London and that one is actually
really impressive because it's kind of
like smiling like this but there's like
five tiers to it it looks like a really
cool Chinese pudding we haven't been to
that one yet but maybe next time
so when you first walk in you have a
huge giant selection of different types
of soy sauce is this also a sauce
there's also some this is incredible I
mean if you want variety in your Asian
cuisine this is definitely the place
I don't know what she always want to go
home I think this could be a long-term
well kill9 brand but which one is better
no this one is less salt so difficult
and oh my god what do I see
right center bang in the middle the
thing that I came for my big ass back on
zombies and 30% off I mean eight pound
37 it's still may seem like a lot but
you get a lot of peace and to be honest
like my pack that I had lasted about how
long probably a year year so I think its
way and also the thing with Jesus you
can get like a little thing of them in
whole groups it's like four pounds yeah
exactly I mean like in terms of value
for money does the way it lets yeah it's
by far that's not your money
and I finally if I'm drinking a beer I
do want to munch on something but if I
guess I like crisps I like power through
the crisps wasabi peas because it's so
powerful I only have like one everybody
20 seconds now like teaching up nobody's
business I
I don't know who the hell this lady
right here is but she makes the best
chili sauce in the world this one I'm
thinking it with the peanuts in it oh
it's not like too spicy you get the
crunch out of the peanut
and then you can chew through the chili
as well and then watch him through -
through the chili he just hits you with
it
so I don't know if that's a matter thing
that's actually yeah yeah that is a lady
whoever that is
it's she she's got it out she knows how
to matrix and this is a huge section of
like different chili sauces and chili
oils I I actually love I never used to
like chili sauce and chili oils but I'm
absolutely addictive and the whole thing
that got me addicted is this stuff I
don't know if I'm saying this correctly
but it's the Sri Racha sauce it's hot
chili sauce I think you can get a mild
one as well but it is so good and now I
just want to put chili sauce on
absolutely everything Aslan is a just
deciding over here right right all right
so I actually forgot that since the last
time we were here they have a huge
variety of beverages and by huge I mean
huge they have first of all my favorite
pop and pretty much the only pop I'll
drink
aw root beer oh my god it is my favorite
and they also just have like all these
other cool little things like I'm gonna
get one of these the black tea I don't
know what that's gonna taste like and
then there's this one hole this almond
juice oh yes please
and then there's peach juice which I got
as well I mean I just enjoy trying
different types of drinks maybe even
more than different types of food maybe
we should get these uh Banali to start
serving stuff on just serve everything
on bananas new plates teeth just high
using what I that's so cool that's what
we known as a couple ourselves
everything about all of these so this
comes off a banana tree huh yep
and they freeze it and then did they do
eat this or no I think it's just
beautiful presentation
so many different types of like chilled
coffee like the earth if you go to any
other English soup rock there's only one
kind there's so many here do you don't
you're not yeah I'm gonna try this
anyway I like this poke up no puppies
something you may not know about Aslan
is that he loves noodles so we could be
here a very long time whilst he chooses
his noodles
yeah would you say you can eat noodles
for every single meal for their life
means like instant noodles are probably
the tastiest lazy food possible right I
don't also don't think there isn't a
better microwavable or like boiling a
bag sort of meal ever
then noodles boil in a bag yeah I think
well there's so many different types
well it is interesting beef and lime you
can lime yeah oh yeah look at that add
it to the cards I mean a 35 feet why not
give us the other thing about instant
noodles looks like 20 pence a bag yeah I
just like trial oh like the different
flavors in the kind all right I got
tried many in my life I think my
favorite one is a super spicy one by
Shin Cup and others this man knows his
stuff when he's talking about noodles he
even knows the brand name
okay looks like we're now in the pocky
section so just Punk emails on pepero
here oh my god oh my got these almond
pepero soul groups seriously you'll
never taste anything as good as this in
your life maybe you will but these are
really really good as you can see we're
very passionate about Asian cuisine
we're doing this is a good it's just the
snacks I think that Asian Chinese Asian
people in general have the best snacks
that you can buy ever I don't think that
better snacks it's really really good
and what are these yeah Nia and I've
never had that basically that is like
playing pocky and they have a low on the
side that is a little a little dip thing
look you can buy your own fortune
cookies no idea dry pickle chilly dried
pickled chili perhaps right bean cut
dried beancurd dudes in America have a
little bit of dried expanded pork rinds
I would not touch this with a ten-foot
pole
yeah bail on America and then when you
get pork cracklings but not necessary
these I find pork a claim to be a little
bit true heavy but these are perfect
again which brand is the best as well as
making some very orgasmic noises right
now because he's just discovered the
shredded squid section let's take a
closer look at that
mmm look at that and this is friend I
don't eat fish so to me that that's not
something I'm interested in this crispy
baby clam mmm
this could be good garlic flavor as well
looks at that like this could be good
and I'm just thinking help now we have
very different taste
check this out crispy salty seaweed oh
yeah this is good stuff this is good
stuff God imagine if we actually did get
to go to China and Japan or something we
would just spend like the whole time I
think I probably like ship a crate back
a food buy my favorite one here it is
this is my favorite little ol Time
Machine cup what flavor is your favorite
is this why this is the shiney oh it's
just that one off spicy flavor so if you
want to give this a try
the Shin cup noodle soup it cost 65 P
this is quite interesting tropical girls
probably I don't really know how
beautiful
oh it's tapioca see this is when I start
to think I'm a little dyslexic when I
think that that says tropical parole but
anyway I look at this it's this more
tapioca dried colored cassava sticks
maybe this is for like bubble to you
yeah yeah look it's for bubble tea oh
yeah I don't actually like bubble tea I
don't know what you guys I know that a
lot of people like it but I just can't
get my am
can't get my taste buds around that big
lump of tapioca too much info that's
right chuckle we found some durian nice
taste as it doesn't smell that bad
yeah I think the efforts to get the full
actual smells strong
yeah it's get the actual full smell you
have to open it up and let it smell the
flesh just not like really strong it's
almost like almost like rotting flan
like you know in fact it it's so strong
there I think on the Singapore subway
they disallow people eating during the
subways it tastes delicious varieties
like most sweet delicious thing oh I
know try to person myself but yeah
finally I found it what did you go dim
sum things up alright yeah yeah we do
need some things some skimmers who know
how to do all that she's not bad yeah
anybody okay thank God good I thought
thank you who reads my other one I spent
like you think what I said but oh I
thought a couple quince that's good
that's good I think
no maybe no hmm yes we can use Vangelis
yeah there's smaller one and then talk
to the big ones one pound 20 see they
would get like a like a three to a
larger one and I'm not should be enough
cuz so yeah I found a stay over here in
this section which is actually the
bulk section so you can get everything
in bulk but it is I don't put it on the
last last time we're here it's pretty
scary because when you look up and they
look like the pallets full of tons and
tons of stuff its back so high
I'm sure it's all safe yeah and there's
just sudden everything anything here
this is more kind of like like here yeah
this is actually IKEA of food yeah if
you want 202 container microwavable
things you can find in there and by the
way the lights in here are yellow it's
not our camera I like it was wonderful
does it yeah so yeah it's actually
finally hit me this must be where the
Chinese restaurant shop at because why
else would you want to buy so many
different Chinese sauces in bulk I'll
let you already into hoisin or something
I don't know it's for just your average
consumer who just yeah if Chinese food
and thews yes you know it's at MSG haha
this is various a section purely 100%
MSG in bulk we need a headache head for
this section actually put in like it's a
separate ingredient must be I think it's
a preservative right like I mean she's a
preservative to be honest until I ask
right now I don't really notice here's
Aslan trailing along our long long
receipt yep saying goodbye yeah but I
think well yeah we got the of the
ready-made dim sum little sheets pancake
things so yeah I think I'm gonna make
something something we're probably not
gonna make that tonight though
we'll probably make that tomorrow
goodbye wing yep see you in another year
