so we're going to go to the Canada Day
celebrations today July as you can see
I've got is Canada care on a personally
I dressed in all black but I've got the
Canadian you actually okay so I need to
make up for it but we're heading to
Trafalgar Square and I've been there
every year since I moved here and it's a
huge celebration food people yeah
there's like a concert leaving I love
coming to typography on Canada Day
because it's a nice little taste of home
I'm at home in
so it's just nice to be able to be
surrounded by my culture we're just
gonna show you what it's like oh by the
way we were in a bus right now
but as a you like double-decker buses
where we're at the top level as you can
see the top
just over there we've got enough towards
it got off the bus had new heading
towards Trafalgar Square getting so
excited with the Canadian Day
yeah love that blue team there's there's
kind of the house over there
and then of course the famous Nelson's
column first thing you see when you're
all in ease the sand Johns Ambulance
tents it's good to know
cuz you know I don't know I'm sure
there's a lot of moss around sorry Ellie
oh do that and say it's just case
there's quite a few beers around sure
somebody's probably up this high stupid
so it's good to know that's that I'm
looking at USA oh my God look at this
puppy that this lady is holding
a incredibly cute oh my God look look at
his feet
here we are waiting for our team hot one
is I take a good
all right here is London's
interpretation of poutine skiers as
one's routine already eat a little bit
basically routine for those of you don't
know it's french fries cheese and gravy
but I have to say I haven't tasted this
yet but I already know this is not the
real McCoy
easy use real cheese curds rather than
just shredded cheddar for the problem
poutine experience you can tell when you
go to the place where they sell it I
think you have protein on the board so
don't rely explicit it I just do it the
day they stretch to tease you know it's
okay well I know my goodness eat I've
tried Keirsey boozy that's pretty good
so you know I know what I love I love
saying the word poutine
here's aslan drinking his Molson
Canadian beers and unfortunately guess I
watched this cause this can just the can
deliver a bottle I can cook five pounds
for this and I think it's 500
milliliters one penny per milliliter
this most expensive beer in England
right here all right
and just so you know that we guys have
made the tough
right here five pounds for this kind
but it's worth it right what everybody I
mean okay I understand why it's
five-pound almost like a big event they
held it here they're gonna make the
money back I really like most inside of
mine but I wish there somewhere I could
buy a real Molson Canadian beer in the
UK and it didn't cost my counter cap
there might be a place no tell me okay
folks I though be a good idea to tell
you what the general layout of this is
so weird about the square obviously
there's Nelson's column right behind us
we have the National Gallery and then
we've got the little main stage there
there's some Canadian music and Canadian
bands we also have a kind of an arena
here right now they're doing yoga
earlier they were playing hockey on
rollerblades and then all around like
behind us here all the way around they
got different little stands for
different Canadian things like TD Bank
is here so blackberry then you could say
you got your Canadian bar where they
serve the Molson over there and some
food all around and all over people
having a good time good old Canadian
time right so the first question any
Canadian asks when they hear about a
London Canada Day is will there be two
parties unfortunately no they don't have
it last year but I know they did have of
the year before that and it is just a
bit of a disappointment that Tim Hortons
wouldn't come or I don't know the
backstory behind that but yeah wouldn't
invite you to have some two horns coffee
and doughnuts those are my fav if you
don't know what Tim Hortons is it's
basically like oh I can't even explain
in words it's like the Canadian
Starbucks but it's not even like it's
just called all the Canadian clubs go to
Tim Hortons to get their coffee and a
doughnut but yeah I think disappointing
that there's no two more all right so
the other day I was actually tweeting
about Canada Day and I was saying how
excited I was for Canada Dave in London
and the people who actually put this on
saw me tweeting about it and invited as
well and I up to the rooftop bar I know
guys even me so I think that's what
we're gonna go do now it's at the
Trafalgar hotel called and it's the
Vista something like that so just a
brief top and apparently it's got a
really good view so yeah we're gonna go
in there and hopefully they let us in
and then if we do get up there we'll
show you the view from there oh my god
guys press passes I feel like so it's
actually quite cool media all right so
we made it to the top of the hotel as
well and I are feeling a little bit out
of our comfort zone yeah a really great
view up to fogger square
as you can see the London eyes over
there we are actually another surprise
announcement well we will be going to
Canada soon yeah - they are gonna be
going to see the lovely home in Canada
yeah in a few weeks time we'll be going
for a couple of weeks
we're going for the last two weeks of
July we're going to my mom's house in
Canada and like I said I think it's been
seven months since I've been there and I
thought hasn't been there in about a
year so more than here work in the years
so I always try to go home in the summer
and I try to go home in the wintertime
if I missed home and I have to say head
of the day in England always makes me
really hope 6:00
and I really miss hobbies I gotta have
that again RV he's talking about
Harvey's cause these are these
