morning it's about 5:45 on a Saturday
morning when I normally get up this
early on a Saturday but special day
today
I'm a nurse a and couple friends of ours
gonna be doing a little market stall
down in Portobello market so you know
the life of market trader you have to
get up pretty early
she's a shower right now and if you can
hear that it is gray as hell and it
looks like it's going to be pretty much
raining for the whole day so I'm not
really sure how that's gonna work out
but I will see them and it really helps
obviously with the crowds if it's not
raining we've done this about twice
before every single time when we get
enough stuff that we don't want we
should want to get rid of the junk we
kind of get it together and then select
market yeah so that's what we're doing
today
vlogging and driving it is about seven
o'clock we were supposed to leave like
6:45 we've been up to inspire well
especially about 6:30 but our friends
are the tourists a year late for
everything literally every time we try
to go somewhere with these two they're
late they're late by like half an hour
well they say just one of them it's just
the one there it's all two brothers you
know how did you explain this right here
no no no Kay the sitch is this we're
going to Portobello Road market how do I
did explain that part okay and we're
going we're setting up a little stall or
whatever and it's us and then our
friends Louie and Emile who are brothers
and they actually just live down the
street from us
so we're going to pick them up and say
all the stuff is in the back yeah ready
to go yeah so we've got lots of stuff
like seriously so much stuff that
there's not even room for it any land I
to ride in the back so we have to take
the tube there which is fine but it's
like an hour to journey and that's not
because we are being rude I have to be
in the car because I'm the only person
you actually drive and in England says
they can't right yeah so he's no
Nicholas oh and Lua has to come along
with me because he knows the guy who
runs a little stall area so he's anyone
can he's anyone who can really you know
get us a spot and I should say as well
you're supposed to like book a stall
ahead of time but Louie just plans on
rockin out this morning and saying the
guy like hey mate you know me right give
me a stole so we're gonna see if it
actually works imagine if this was all
for nothing Wow we've done it twice
before and it seems to work out that's
fine yeah so anyway we're we're almost
at their house now so I just picked up
one of them a male the males one who's
normally more ready than Lewis but this
time Lewis was actually more ready than
a meal so the tables of turn on our
shower before I did oh yeah yeah you
guys take the tube we're gonna take
rekon so yeah he says trainers are ugly
no I just meant that you know you could
have got a slick pair like 80s kind of
mics or some alright but you went
to the the newest duck shoes okay to be
fair these Nikes or as the Brits say
mykes they are a bit lame not lame but
they are a little bit of duck duck ish
but I love them they're so freakin
comfortable I don't care what they look
like
basically we get all the way to the tube
station it's closed for the weekend
oh my god so
no we're walking all the way to the next
tube station which is probably like a 25
minute walk would you say from here 25
in the rain it was a it's really too
early for this we'll get them to buy
breakfast yeah hopefully
there's always something so creepy about
this two stations don't you think oh I
like you too but don't you think it's
like a bit creepy the creepiness goes
yeah
I think because it's quite dark a dog
yeah
it's this kind of kind of creepy
with negative metal
naked metal all alone on the train so I
thought this was the perfect time but
actually show you what well what is this
hammers Gotham City this is the
Hammersmith & City Line train and we're
not underground anymore there's a male
ignored me over there and
actually I never take this line if I
really have no need to I like taking it
so I think we're almost there this is
our last train to get there honestly
like a 45-minute journey is turned into
like a two-hour journey this is our last
train so we're almost there our end tube
station is Ladbrokes Road made it to the
market as you can see everybody's still
setting up it's not very full of people
yet but I'm hoping it's going to get
there it's not the best of days today
but hopefully people will still come out
enjoy the Portobello Road Market we made
it and look who we found we're putting
up the tarp all right just looks like
much now ladies and gents but soon we're
gonna be selling lots of stuff from here
everything everything we're stepping out
yeah you're so going gun down I
have to say this is the craziest thing
I've ever done it's like we just got in
about 15 minutes ago and it is packed
full of people I don't know if you can
see this but our stall has a quite a bit
of interest compared to a compared to
the rest of the barren wasteland over
here we do have some good bargains down
here on Portobello market so I'm
I don't know maybe we should make this a
more regular thing it's crazy crazy we
haven't sold anything yet but I am
confident that we will so it's not even
9 o'clock yet and we've already made
enough to pay for install simply quite
impressive I would cost 20 pounds to
have a stall here and pretty good oh
yeah yeah because I'm supposed to be
keeping an eye on I think stealing my
Danish no we've been very careful yeah
so we take a lot of measures to ensure
that people don't steal tenant from the
store yeah
we have surveillance cameras filming
watching everything go back wash yeah
very cool
yeah exactly pretty much set up now
check this out we go clothes home
where's everything and there's lady the
house Manning Manning it the heat has
definitely died down on our market stall
but still going strong
yeah we're potentially selling that
piece of luggage over there this
gentleman is walking away with a
beautiful checkered suitcase this is
actually the suitcase I brought with me
when I moved from Canada to England and
there it goes
he's gonna be wheeling it away this is
Rudy Lana monumental mark looks like a
Johnny actually one good thing about
this one thing about this whole
experience is I was actually sorting
through one of my old bags that I'm
selling and then in the pocket I found
and goose you won't believe us
they found in the pocket my necklace
that I thought I lost last year pretty
well yeah this gold one oh my god where
was this it was in the pocket of one of
those bags and it was like hanging out
and I thought I lost it my mom gave this
to me boy like a long time ago it's a
good day today yeah but I was like I'm
so upset when I lost it and it's really
nice follow your hearts a mom found the
necklace now it's time for a little
breakfast break we can find something
good yeah there's a little Portuguese
cafe down here and a good breakfast
rolls pastries yeah
so yeah um how did that feel most people
probably haven't been to Portobello
market so we probably might do a little
bit of a market sir at the end of the
day maybe ones the end of the day when
they when the stores kind of getting
finished so yeah the rest of the market
looks like exactly we have hit the
mother lode ladies and gentlemen my god
one thing about put a bit of Road Market
is a lot of people think it's full of
just touristy stuff and there's not much
kind of junk aspect to it anymore that's
definitely true except for one place
which is Golborne Road which is this
road here and this road actually still
has lots of junky sort of stuff example
this little spot right here it's all
kind of chunky stuff so it is what's
majority of it is kind of overpriced
touristy things you can find a few
little places velbon Road and also a
clam Road just towards the bridge
further down
they are kind of more cheaper you can
find good bargains but I keep the things
that's important is if you want to go to
go over Road you have to go pretty early
yeah yeah pretty early for golf don't
wait until noon to roll up I guess there
will be nothing left it's actual truck
bed yeah so status update meals still
there
what's going on
for all of us yeah we haven't sold that
much to be honest
still a lot of stuff there all right
Louise parents just showed up with Fifi
look at this cute little doggie or storm
yeah should she just start the show Oh
Fifi look at these legs just been
trimmed she's had her nails done she's
had a shampoo
oh and she's had her ear clean and she's
gonna do big beauty get some primo
footage of Fifi the wiener dog
oh my god she is so cute do your
modeling it movie take another baby
gonna I never sorted to staying under my
umbrella
this weather is getting frickin old one
minute is raining the next it's such as
I say hilarious great great great guy
honey oh wait how much money remaining
so far director you've got like you got
those flows
yeah but they just take a guess 100
hundred
here's the view from inside the stall as
you can see we have a large variety of
women's clothing none of which is mine
we've got some hats a teddy bear has dad
I got this I got this teddy bear for
Aslan a long time ago when we first met
and he's now saying he doesn't want it
whomp-whomp
so we're trying to get rid of it no
one's interested Oscar it's beanie baby
cameras books
let it down we have it all for one pound
in Idaho okay
all right so here we are in front of the
market stalls like awful kind of a weird
street combinations yeah I don't like
that was a lot of bags but I don't know
if it's actually anyway we'll wrap it up
now okay we're still at the market still
not quite time and I've got another you
are named I can't pronounce a name -
well Melanie today - say it your way
yeah it's a beautiful beautiful French
name but yeah we're just hanging out
here chatting and then her uncle's over
here he's gonna be in the video now so
yeah she's just visiting London having a
nice time unfortunately not the best
weather it's the attitude but it's
raining freezing I'm wearing a winter
coat it's terrible but yes anyway we're
gonna wrap it up here and continue
chatting oh just to show you how windy
it is today in the back to the top I
know we're complaining a lot about the
weather but this is crazy
isn't it yep I may be its unwitting
anyway I just wanted to show you this
Banksy thing this is an original Banksy
and I think you know its original
because they frame it right and then
there's glass so you can't actually
touch it or ruin it
I think that's the little rifle
sometimes all right so some more viewers
came to stop by this doll which was
amazing this is a Clara and Anya
anything right
so they're just down at Portobello
market have you been here before no
never been it's quite a cool market but
some of it is just a bit like he's a bit
like I don't want ya it's pouring rain
my hair is frizzy guys like eyesight we
together guy was like humidity does
terrible yes my hair well all the way
here my hair got soaking wet and now I'm
just left this button I'm just moving on
my life really
here we are right in the thick of things
so down there what's the street called
up there well this is motor Bell Road
all the way down here this is Portobello
Road yep
and pretty much oh there's a bridge down
there and all the way up to that bridge
from the beginning Portobello Road it's
kind of a more touristy arrows say yeah
that's also like tourists are and
there's some fruit and veg and
restaurants that sort of thing so yeah
I mean if you come to work Portobello
Road market and starting a loving Hill
Gate and working your way up it's just
fun - yeah lots of different like
schools yeah so uh and then as you make
your way up that road there
I think things become a little bit more
junk Marky asked ya like cheap scarves
and tabla what else play so here just
very much everything anything honestly
everything's CDs cheap scars used item
use mobile phones that are not working
without any bad for your charger so if
you're a hardcore old G you'd be
skipping all that serious stuff over
there and you'll be heading here right
underneath the bridge
to the left we have a bit more
interesting bits and pieces under that
big tarpaulin over there that's actually
lots of old vintage clothes so if you're
into vintage photos like a huge 10 of
vintage clothes like pretty nice that's
actually a little nominally Holman rice
this guy you can definitely buy
something
it's good you have a clam road which is
just there the a clam road is very good
for lots of bric-a-brac that's where we
are actually have our store today just
down there and Acland Road and just to
the right of Acland road over there
there's kind of just behind us there's a
big world food village that's what they
call it yeah actually delicious pancakes
over there which I'm living it later
yeah whole different size foods really
good pretty good getting pancakes I had
a little sample of these earlier and I
just kind of like okay I had that taste
of my mouth I was like I'm getting
pancakes
that's really cool
probably not school
thank you very much
thank you for oMG guys look at these
miniature pancakes ready for this this
action good
yeah okay
as you can see we're wrapping everything
up for the day as when and our friend
are trying to put this tarp bang away
and it's proving to be quite difficult I
didn't get a chance to say it earlier
but big thanks to everyone who came out
to Portobello market to see yeah that
was really really awesome and unexpected
so just a really big thanks for that it
needs a lot to us all right so we're all
packed up going home now it was a long
day I mean you have to have a lot of
stamina just sell stuff at a market but
it's really fun uh yeah really fun I
would definitely do it again maybe next
year
II
