good morning everybody I am late because
I have no good reason but I just am how
do you like them apples I'm trying to
like get all my stuff together couldn't
leave without my lipstick obviously it's
got that my uber is on its way I ordered
one uber and then it said it was going
to take 15 minutes to get to me and I
was like no no no that's that's not
going to work for me so I canceled it
and there was another one that was like
two minutes away so I don't really
understand how this works
um oh where are my keys
Frick are my keys okay this is like real
raw vlogging this is like okay keys were
in my bag the whole time okay about
everything I've got to get going
I have a meeting in Chelsea so I'm gonna
get going and hopefully later I'll be a
loop oh my god okay guys I'm really
leaving now my breakfast has arrived
avocado on tells us bacon
orange juice today we have some
construction work going on upstairs oh
is this your doing again my name only
female you know it is for me anyway as
when had this made bespoke for Reggie
actually this is perfect timing
what do you think of this bowl Reggie he
had his carpenter friend make it for him
and I don't know if Reggie's really into
it oh he's scared of it it's kind of
cool we were just saying like maybe it's
a bit tall maybe it's a bit big the
bulky but um yeah only the best for reg
I just spoke what it more material of
this marble know what is like plasticy
quarry
Corian how are you how are you you
beautiful dog you're gorgeous the best
possum
package ever has arrived guys oh my God
look is from freaking Tate's I have a
suspicion this may be filled with
delicious cookies let's see hey
Oh oh my god identity I've been said
without something like this for a very
long time
okay states thank you very much for
hooking us up because this is incredible
I think we've got like every single kind
again mmm Gibby
oh oh oh yo raisin
yeah vanilla oh wow Oh with this the mug
little mug a little more the mug oh
that's cute oh nice we're happy we're
happy Bunny's tea thank you very much
I was also the lucky recipient of these
gorgeous flowers which you guys know I
feel about these dangly pink ones I
think we're kind of cool good but um
yeah I just can't get over the love the
love I'm receiving these days it's crazy
I literally feel like I'm living in a
jungle
I don't think jungles are that loud this
is not a cohesive working environment is
what I'm trying to say anyway I've got a
tiger over here and I've got all my
jungle plants I'm just editing his vlog
and it's so cute
just little Reggie his coat I love him
as you all know by now so as I made me a
lovely cup of tea my new Tates mug
actually really nice mug size so biggie
the big-ass mug
so the freakin huge mug look at the size
of this thing I don't know I was like
look at the father listing mmm anyway as
you guys know from yesterday I am
surprising Aslan with a date today he
has no idea what it is and he's all
fandangled because normally he's the one
in charge but today I'm in charge I'm
surprising the man with a little
something he deserves it and I think
you're gonna be so impressed with me I
think this is what I think I think when
I tell you what it is and this is like
real true surprise like we're gonna get
into this uber and I'm not going to tell
him where we're going
I think once you realize where you're
good we're going I think you're gonna be
like you do listen to me yeah I hope
that's how it goes anyway so you still
have no clue where we're going oh yeah
no idea what we're going I'm kind of
excited I think I'm making it up if you
would tell me that you are you don't
think I'm gonna find it exciting
whatever so must be something like I
would normally like yeah totally
something boring it is it's very like a
great talk about 18th century political
zone no it's not that boring okay okay
but the thing is you're gonna know what
it is as soon as we roll up to it I feel
like okay that now that you say that
it's probably a big banner outside of it
or something right so we'll find out
very shortly
so we're heading along the Strand here
so I have a suspicion that this is
leading us to
well obviously more central I didn't
think it was going to be in the sewer
area but worse where we're headed
towards maybe Trafalgar of Trafalgar
Square I think it could be Museum
related we know where we're going so
Museum related I think could be
photography related yes so who knows
maybe are we seeing that William
Eggleston thing well we
wi-wo' well uh
but why have you got tickets because you
need tickets to get in oh you do okay
I can't surprise you with anything well
this is a surprise a nice surprise I
already figured it out like well - like
two minutes away
seriously we're going like around this
one direction he's like well we can't be
going here we can't be going there I
think it's something museum related I'm
like no but anyway is that a good
surprise
yeah it's perfect thank you anyway see
that for ages have you yeah I don't know
what I'm doing here do you actually care
about this no absolutely cuz I thought
you know a little bit about Eccleston I
thought you'd be really surprised that I
remember that you liked William
Eggleston
yeah yeah I am surprised that you you do
listen you do listen that's very nice
thank you I don't know my voice is going
like this maybe he's a little emotional
loud and buzzing in Trafalgar Square
today
yeah I love Trafalgar Square so much is
like one of the first touristy things I
did was go sit on those lions oh yeah
you excited basically I wanted to do
something for Aslan that was just for
him because that's ESPO know that sense
of them because you know a lot of stuff
for me he's like always so supportive
and he's always just great about me so I
just want want to do something for you
we've made it William Eggleston you've
cited guys I actually I'm excited cuz
you know I like his photos so he's a
photographer for those who don't know
and he's the first photographer who
actually made color photography I
respect it off before him like it was
only black-and-white photos considered
the art after him
colors all good colors are you heard it
here folks we've just come out of
unfortunately there's no photography or
video allowed inside I'm afraid but you
know it was nice wasn't it he's like one
thing to see
Photography like a line or on your
screen it's another thing to actually
like come to a gallery and see really
big prints like
you can really appreciate the skin tones
at all
identify
there's the new artwork on the fourth
plinth I think it's mr. Strickland's
work it's a big thumbs up called really
good and spent to like spread good good
vibes good feelings yeah I think it does
I think you like it do you give it a
thumbs up there we are walking through
the beautiful streets of what little
Mayfair this is James I suppose it's so
nice my mom is always like yes the
buildings around here are all very
pretty all very nice when you walk
around here you feel like look at this
British leg like your 8 butters it's a
big Union Jack where I need love to can
confirm this is London
I mean sometimes like it's I butcher for
like six and a half years but it just
blows my mind like Evan I live here I
just love London
stay with street market spice price day
wants to vocally pop in I loved every
street market a pop a little flip is
anything striking a fancy stuff birds
like when they stuffed yeah I mean as
long as they lived a nice life yeah
there's like the Flamingo would you like
the big cockatoo thing
I think flamingos
here is the perfume stand here and
gostrey market and there's quite a lot
of use but out of all the ones I
recommend this one
it's the comme des Garcons incense Kyoto
very good it's like smoky but not too
smoky
and it's got a bit of floral on there as
well it's really nice PS there's new
gasha
perfume put it on here smells rank it
smells kind of rank look another one
that yeah that one is even what that one
is like oh gosh
nasty gosh our chance key you got it
that's all we came in here to cop some
of that new gosh a drop it stays a big
hug beast
coming up okay but hey cute very cute do
you like it
sorry
though I think we were feeling anything
here where we he knows very surprising
to you yeah I think we really know no
exit is this way darling this dog bag I
don't know if this is macabre or cute
not sure always a beautiful Piccadilly
Circus lovely day today sun is shining
the sky is blue pop into the Timberland
because you know it's winter time I want
a new pair of boots but don't worry I'm
not going New York on you guys I'm gonna
get that classic six-inch they've got
some this new boot or flexible sole
there into their head out speak the
devil's it's meant to be like a flexible
soul
next stop on our date I've taken a slant
to pizza pilgrims first time ever yeah
we're excited to try out the quality of
the pizza yes we are and actually behind
as lens ahead you'll see these like play
all different types of pizza boxes from
around the world which is kind of cool
special all right one of the competitors
interesting interesting I guess they're
not threat before I could say let me get
the blood camera as one's already eaten
half his pizza this looks good
Wow is it tasty hello we also ordered
these little full things that are like
deep fried rice tomato and cheese and
peas absolutely tasty and I'm gonna give
this thing a go it's like a pal zone or
calzone a surprise right so I'm gonna
try that so as one just goes to turn the
TV on and he's like well we can't very
well watch TV with your flowers
everywhere gotta move those things
they're just so pretty they're
everywhere
earth and more from my friends Angela
why are you doing that just to annoy him
he doesn't like dangly things look at
his eyes he doesn't like dangly things
so my friend Angela stopped by and she
gave me the loveliest card because I
gave her a copy of my book and she said
she's been reading it with her daughter
as well and I won't read I'll read some
of the card congratulations on your
amazing book your Brook has made me
laugh and cry at the same time I feel
you touched on topics that many of us
have been through yesterday you are a
true inspiration and a wonderful role
model wishing you all the success and
happiness in the world I must have been
nervous because I'm trying not to cry
excuse me and then her daughter wrote
this as well which is so cute
she's like dearest eh I really enjoyed
reading your book with mum I'm going to
face one of my fears every day my
favorite book is also the twits because
it is funny thank you for sharing your
story love Monica oh gosh it's so cute
even as it is like that is getting him
in the field thank you
oh it's amazing and so yeah thank you to
everyone again who's just talking about
the book
cuz means a lot to me and I appreciate
your support so I'm gonna wrap up the
vlog here but I will see you guys soon
bye I'm also really excited to listen to
my podcast which I forgot to figure out
how to turn this on now I'm in the car
this podcast is so dang good just love
it podcasts I know a lot of people like
maybe don't listen to them but they are
wonderful
