we just can't seem to stay away from
antiques we're here today at europe's
largest antique fair new york antiques
fat that's it yes so you're a little bit
lazy this morning and slept in and it
was a pretty far little journey to get
here because it's in Nottingham yes over
the nine we're here twelve so all the
goods are problems all the good suspects
but it's just something fun to do so
what can you do
yeah so we're here and we'll let you
know how it is
that's straight away as soon as we come
in here Wow
antiques furniture everywhere incredible
so yeah I think this was actually very
popular the reason that it is so huge
and there's a little bit of everything
for everybody so if you are serious and
you don't want to be disappointed should
come to this one and can I just say I
dressed for London weather which was hot
out and now I'm in a summer dress and a
winter coat so I feel like a freaking
Union
you
you
first purchase of the day hoping you can
see that I was kind of like hemming and
hawing about it didn't know by forget it
I ended up buying it and then went to
the next stall over and found one every
freaking time I do like it
get kicked in the balls give you up
again it's not everybody's taste but I
like to inject a little bit of wicker
into my life
check this out a snakeskin snakeskin I
never see anything like this oh my god
guys I found the perfect thing
it's perfect good size
I think this is why you'd come here
because you can find stuff like this
what are the market in England would you
also find something that is as
ridiculous as this I didn't think
anywhere how did you don't think
anywhere we just saw and that's actually
the first time I've ever played with the
domination before yeah so cute
really made us want to get a dog a
planter is that what you're after
yeah we both have the same eye anyway we
bought that planter but back to the dog
topic we are still on target we're still
very much in the process of the research
we've been back a couple of times Reva
get home because she's a little bit
quiet and she parish might be really
sweet so we might be away for like a
week or two Thomas ah I don't know we
don't want to get a dog and then have to
be away for a while as soon as we don't
think that's fast so yeah probably that
time yeah okay so it's the end of the
day now we're done we're all antiqued
out I think pretty exhausted a lot of
walking is once again myself huge the
biggest there's indoor outdoor there's
like four indoor huge hangars like a
huge like the size of one market yeah so
it's pretty impressive it was massive
although I mean maybe that's negative
because it just seems so overwhelming to
be honest I think I preferred going to
someone like Kempton in London where it
is probably only a fifth of this but you
have enough time to go through
everything here it's almost you have to
kind of speed through in the stuff
and I think one thing about this place
is the things people had it was a little
repetitive do you think so yeah we just
enjoy doing it so we look at finds of
the day respond to this thing and what I
got too windy sound I have to do the
voice over here I got this fan lovely
little 1930s Italian device nice
interesting color and it's got this kind
of rare made in Italy sign on the front
and it was 30 pounds and I think that
was a pretty fair deal and apparently
works I don't know I still haven't
tested it all right and still too windy
to hear a word I'm saying but we're
basically just talking about how much we
enjoyed the day how much we recommend
this Newark antique fair if you're
interested in antiques on a high-volume
scale yeah just to repeat ourselves once
more in this video if you look like it
large come to New York definitely one
thing to watch out for though definitely
should mention the ticket entry is quite
high on the first day it cost twenty
pounds to get in on the first day and
then on the second day actually only
cost five pounds so if you're coming you
know just to kill some time maybe this
is your first experience or something
calling the second day definitely and
that's it nothing else to say we loved
it enjoyed it didn't we yeah yeah bye
bye
you
