Copenhagen day 4 it's our last day here
no sad times yeah so we got quite a high
go up there oh good include everything
um we gonna pack my neck hurts we'll
scenario there yeah we're gonna pack we
have to go the normal boring check out
check out stuff and then we saw a little
bit of time before heading off to the
airport so what we're going to do is
going to go to this one shop called
dansk that was recommended through a
blog and the Danish design center yeah
and as you can see we have a lot of
packing to do not really we did a lot of
it last night but you know how you
always have the finishing touches so I
guess we're just going to keep on
packing and let you know when we're on
our way to the first location
okay just checked out of the hotel had a
nice long chat with the woman who works
there named Eden we've basically become
best friends
she loves kind of auto furniture like we
do we had a heart-to-heart his lovely
check she has a little blog my link in
the description box so check that out
got stabbed and had to help them in send
an email is Italian Gaiman foregoing
list items begin the Italian but we got
the erection in Solaris yeah so I think
we're now on our way to will get you
dumped
you
you
we just got out of that store cold and
wait Wow Wow I couldn't even have any
words that I'm so grateful I stake up
quite a few tapes say I got lots of
teeth and stationery and I'll show you
guys later and you guys have a love for
paper and stationery like I do I'll show
you what I got
yes it's really nice though hurry up
very cool trendy very cool like I just
felt so like not cool although like it
doesn't feel like it's trying too hard
oh yeah it's all you know it's just
there exactly so it went on that front
Albin I'm trying too hard
half of us so where we going out
designing oh yeah we're going to the
design center the Danish design center
which is just opposite to volley so yeah
I'm gonna have a look at some of the
more contemporary Finnish designers
there so yet another fail to add up to
our fail list the Danish design center
no longer hosts any exhibitions open to
the public
apparently they've recently decided that
it's going to be just officers now
that's a shame although yeah the rough
guide which is a 2012 was his pre recent
said it was open so much me in a very
recent decision oh well but that's
alright we're still in good spirits
yep we've got a couple of hours to kill
before I have to go to the airport so
not too long yeah I think we're just
gonna walk around
yeah walk around the centre we will try
and find that the top organic hotdog
stand
so yeah but the thing is we're not even
really that hungry to have breakfast
yeah well they made it in an hour's time
so I'll stuff it down I throat quick
thing I wanted to mention
for some reason if you're wondering why
I'm wearing the exact same sweater again
today it's because I only packed one
sweater so yeah I thought it's gonna be
really hot outside but it's not cold
here but you know I feel like we need a
little bit of a sweater action so yeah
it's only people's sweater I brought and
I look the same at every single blog so
I just want clear not it's not because
we cheated and pretended - exactly
more days like opening it's only thing
one there's one of my god imagine if we
crammed all of that into one day our two
days instead yeah so I just wanted to
let you know I do have a clean t-shirt
on underneath me right next to the Round
Church I was the guidebook said but
guessing yesterday was just a Sunday so
you know he was just chilling out so
yeah we're gonna try it out and give you
a little lowdown our expert hot dog
mother exactly
just finished the dog extremely messy
extremely messy pickles fell off all my
pickles fell off within the second bite
I was pissed but the pickles maker they
got that kind of sweet sweet sour
innocently I never thought I'd actually
like pickles on hot dogs it's like my
new favorite thing um so yeah but I I'm
a big fan I definitely think the sausage
is a lot better the bun itself does
taste sour doughy I think to look at the
bun is good now is you're gonna think we
should walk back and make our way to the
airport
all right made it to the airport just
checked in the luggage was a little
heavy but she let it slide thankfully
thank you whoever that woman was yeah
and now we're walking to our gate we
might get a little love and drink
thirsty yes I might mom yeah probably
the others quite one today um I stink of
hot dog it's one add that she just needs
a seller's hand
they smell onion in Hondo he has
horrible anyway so yeah I want to get
the water as well flush that out of my
system and then I'm sure we'll be on our
way to the plane very soon
you
all right just got home we're very tired
I'm very tired exhausted finally home
feels good huh everything is intact
overall loved it enjoyed it thank you
for a good time Copenhagen yeah we
definitely recommend anyone going there
it's a great time thumbs up I can only
do one because you know tell me uh yeah
would go again yeah we would and thanks
everyone who's been watching the vlogs
hope you guys liked them mm-hmm right
yeah and we're gonna wrap this up I want
to take a shower I want to go to bed I
want to do a facial actually hate my
nails that's what I'm doing tonight okay
bye
all right it's the next day and I just
realized I forgot to show you guys the
stationery I got yesterday at the store
called Tomsk so I'm gonna show you guys
what I got and I told you guys I went a
little bit crazy on the tape while I did
basically I got this thing from that
store called hey all right
and it's basically a wooden tape block
so you can put all the tape here and
then you know cut it off there but they
didn't sell the tape so then I saw in
dance they had the tape so I was like
okay I'm getting the tape keep in mind I
got some of this for Aslan's sister as
well because I got her one of these tape
roll things but I'm just gonna show you
guys some of the tape we've got some
blue striped ones red polka dot ones
pink one oh I just think they're so cool
and pretty and awesome I love this
orange polkadot one as far as the
stationery and stuff goes okay this is
for Aslan's sister but this is for me I
went crazy I love writing on graph paper
it's my preferred paper so I got a
notepad with a pink graph paper I got
this honeycomb notepad which I love and
this is pretty cool I've been wanting
one of these for my desk
so it just has Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday Friday weekend so you can write
your plans in there and I like that it
doesn't have the dates on it so you know
I don't know sometimes you buy ones that
have the day
and then you buy it in say August well
you basically missed the whole year so
you waste half of it so you can use this
any time of year so I love it and then I
got two notebooks and I wish I could
show you guys what they look like hang
on let me open it so here's the notebook
and then inside again is like kind of
like a planner so Monday Tuesday
Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday I
don't know I just really love stationery
and notebooks and I know I probably will
never use these up but I just love
collecting notebooks it's it's a
sickness what can I say
so anyway that's it
Oh
