heading down for breakfast Copenhagen
day three yes
I'm actually kind of getting used to
blogging you know it's kind of coming
more naturally not really kinda my
waffles they look like Snow White's
missing this beautiful snowflake Apple I
was already finished hello
we just thought that it's like the hotel
restaurant I was very impressed with
that
so the agenda for today it will then -
hasta burro flea market Roger
flea flea market and
we are going to go to Christian here or
out of that hippie town here I'm a
universe in a way like Christian this
didn't be our boy at that hippie town in
the East so I'm going to go and see that
that's it really the plan I'm talking
about now to her back but it'd be great
out there so who knows
fighting yeah that's the plan we'll see
where we can squeeze in okay so we are
on our way to the flea market with using
the public transport and the first time
like a trance of a metro so that should
be exciting thing in the a train yeah it
was actually quite you really get to
take it to eat up your heart coins apart
very very impressive
this is we're gonna gonna go on the
third platform here just got off the
train
look at all these bikes it really makes
you want to cycle when you see this many
bikes arriving at Cambridge yeah in the
train station it's like well it's a lot
less organizing this this is like
perfectly organized all this is a thing
like you say care of that bike anyway we
just got off the train and as you can
see duskily market we didn't think it's
gonna be there and then we didn't know
where it rose billions and Ashlyn says
oh I see a lot of old people milling
about so it must be it
we are all that hard you really are so
we've got a hundred hot dog stand
so that's good and we're going in so I
can already tell instantly that this is
the kind of flea market where there's a
lot more junk and the price is a lot
cheaper and so
yeah and I think you have to do a lot
more digging though to get to the good
stuff let me love ya cuz we're Pickers
love to pick so yeah all of it right so
we're now leaving the flea market it's
basically just like a regular car boot
sale Auto joke no might be just like
people's actual junk no but you know it
happens doesn't it yeah even with our
expert picking abilities that's not
there wasn't really anything that was
great any beautiful what if there was
something interesting it was too big for
us to take that yeah it's just like old
household things and nothing you really
need it but you know it's quite cool to
see you just like a regular like car
boot sale type of thing that the locals
would go to yeah exactly
so we're heading back I am freezing
right now I am in bare legs BRR BRR BRR
it is so cool that today I don't know
why cuz they're so warm yesterday past
two days yeah but we're going back to
the hotel so I can get some leggings on
alright so we went to the hotel got
changed we've got our coats on because
it is breezy a lot called a nice day but
one quick start before our next
destination Gina tricot wait no I know
this might not seem exciting to some of
you that is I go into the store for a
long long time because I have in England
we're gonna right here in front of our
eyes actually order online but I wanted
to actually go in the storm
just got out of Gina tricot oh my god
girls girls Wow Wow
luckily for me I went in for the jewelry
and they were everything was 20% off
well the jewelry was so I was like
Schwing and I won move Mike Fraser not a
lot but when I get back to the hotel
show you guys what I got they had some
gorgeous statement necklaces and I just
couldn't resist
so I'm now we're going to Christian yeah
Christian yeah Christian Haven built
tons of hippie community yeah so um
should be cool and I think it's about a
30 minute walk from here to there I like
20 minutes 20 minutes or so I hope it's
open on a Sunday surely should be I
think it's just like a community so I
wouldn't see how it wouldn't be like on
like a big shopper yeah so uh we'll let
you know when we're there I don't know
if we can film on some of the streets
yeah you can't film a push the street
yeah just maybe selling the soft Rose
yeah apparently push it well it's not
legal to sell drugs there
well the Danish police or whether they
just ignore on that particular street
but they do rate occasionally so yeah
there's some maybe will ever use that
gosh yeah might not be able to film
there but we're going there anyway
hopefully we can film we're gonna be
doing this later
going down the canal
oh did you know that building over there
with the cool tower that actually used
to be the world's first money exchange
sorry no the world's first Stock
Exchange back in the 1600s okay it's
pretty impressive why don't you tell
everyone how you know that I stood
because I'm better
no we just heard something that took
these two guys talking about it and as I
was like oh very interesting and now
he's passing it off his own knowledge
got me so we're walking across this
bridge onto christian haven and what do
we see this ridiculously long long large
tourist group and all these like
high-vis Yellowjackets all right if you
can see where they stretch all the way
to the end there all the way to the end
and then they start all the way back
here there's still there's still more
coming I don't understand what happen is
creepy so big
what are they who are they what are they
doing
yeah and why do they need high-vis
jackets I think that's the other
important question I Stacy already
hurting a partner
my feet are killing me I don't know
Polly about my trainers on yeah
so we've now reached our destination
just about can't look over there there's
a start of a multicolored houses and
stuff let's be Scania so uh yeah I said
earlier you're not allowed to come well
you know I know you're definitely a
film's pusher Street but yeah so we're
gonna go to push Street first and then
we'll have a look off it if there's
other people filming that if they do
we'll do that so here we are at the main
entrance yeah going in
I'm excited excited yeah I don't really
know what to expect to be honest with
you yeah marijuana marry JJ not that we
know yeah
but yeah this is love smell of it
sweetie
the tree is like lots of hippies yeah
it's just people hanging out I want to
chill out you know smoke there for
medicine that's it yeah but uh you know
it's this kind of neat that you can just
walk through their community
stop to get a little snack and here's
what we got we ended up at a cafe called
Emery's is it on here
right there I
a chain yeah and yeah we just want a
little bit of tea hot chocolate and I'm
a little confused because my hot
chocolate has a stick in it what do you
think that sticks for stir stick but
how's it staying there's like there's
like a piece of chocolate oh my god
there's oh my god there's a piece of
chocolate in the hot choc okay that's
pretty cool
let me try
oh my god this is incredible everyone
just got TI oh my God look at your
teabag is almost as well I love it
apparently and then as for our suite
this is like a I thought it was kind of
like a chocolate-chip muffin but it's a
brioche
brioche but it's like a sweet so I've
never had that before and then as I got
this like bread with butter and then he
snuck this on as well similar type of
thing so we're gonna give it go now
doing the canal toe just got our tickets
we're gonna be waiting here on this pier
don't know how long how long we didn't
ask there's no boat but you said to wait
on this platform so hopefully we'll take
you yeah I'm not even sure how long the
actual tour is just relax oh yeah I
think it's a like a guided tour so he's
gonna be explaining its long way we
could get a bit of history yeah so the
boat is finally here about an hour later
I forgot to tell us that it was an hour
wait so I was like falling asleep and I
were just like
but that's all to the Lord the boat is
here
you know people disembarking there's the
beaut we didn't get one of the glass-top
will slightly displace I forget
go in the boat actually I just woke up
now to the mall that excited yet but
whoo
spit mat the back like beeps yep the
cool kids at the back but if you're one
of the school to that that's what always
happened who can good like you yes
why because you can get bigger bumps
like when I got the bunny bus goes over
a bump it's yeah better I guess is that
better
I'm looking back on it I mean tell see
really but the time I remember baby like
I was sitting at the front of my bed I
was sitting at the front of the bus all
the time he's sitting I always have a
love sing with him get ready for the
cruise everybody sporting see we've got
not quite a full house a few people yeah
it's good so yeah just gonna sit back
enjoy the ride
the canal tour was pretty fun a lot
about fun but you know very informative
yes that's respectable enjoyable uh yeah
so we finished that that lasts to a
pretty long time like an hour yeah yeah
yeah and we still really haven't eaten
today like we've had the hot chocolate
and the tea and a little snack there but
we haven't really had lunch so we came
back to the hotel to research it and
we've decided to go to the best hot dog
stand in town in town
hold up organic everything organic
sausages organic sourdough bun yeah we
love sourdough was actually voted the
best restaurant or the best place to eat
in Conway and by local code name
goodness Copenhagen errs hello Magnus
we have failed again yeah again closed
there's no hot well yeah went to the
Round Church and it's going to be right
next to the Round Church but it's not
there so we'll just go to one some other
one you know town centre so this music
is really fitting charm yeah so sad no
organic hot dog with organic so dough
bun so we're gonna hunt down some
yeah somewhere else as promised I'm
going to show you what I got at Gina
tricot I think of hey say it so like I
said I got a lot of jewelry I want to
show you guys what I got cause I really
like it it's kind of like H&M I didn't
buy any clothes or anything just because
and I just wasn't really in the mood for
like shopping for clothes and trying
stuff on but uh you know jewelry I'm
always interested in that so that's this
necklace just a plain silver necklace I
love wearing big necklaces like this
especially if you're just wearing like a
plain t-shirt or something it's really
nice it's not real leather but pleather
call her necklace again I thought it was
kind of unique I think that would look
good with like a black top it's a plain
silver chain like this and it has this
really nice gold bar so I think that
will look really cool playing really
simple chain and then this metal piece
here it's a actually like a light pink
color and it's got a kind of a neat
clasp just like this really simple and
then this one which is actually my
favorite necklace but as well see it's
like these pink sort of cords and then
it's got gold metal things on it like
that but I love this necklace I don't
know if you guys know this but I collect
mugs wherever I go so I was on the hunt
for a nice mug and this is the one I
ended up getting so this is my new mug
Cobin Haven aka Copenhagen and then it's
got these a nice design here I love this
mug I think it will really fit nicely I
just like collecting mugs and there's
also this bag just see what's in here
oh yes these are the bracelets that I
got I actually got one for me and one
for Aslan sister and they're just like a
kind of like a mixture of bracelets
because you know how you know stacking
bracelets is like a thing well I'm not
so good at it so these come like pre
stacked and I liked them I thought they
were kind of cool all right for summer I
think we're gonna relax tonight
here's the man himself we had a nice hot
dog not the one that we wanted but you
know another coming all the hot dogs
here I mean yeah mostly um top yeah yeah
it wasn't running around the round
church so oh well we still had a decent
hot dog we might try again for tomorrow
yeah and oh we saw like a cool marching
band one thing that is really differ
about Copenhagen than any other European
city that I've been to is that there is
so much live music here and not just
like a specific menu
people are just playing yeah marching
bands or people just using instruments
just walking down the street and playing
so that's I think that's so nice I
really just got an atmosphere to answer
for your company and another thing I
want to mention is sorry I just had a
little swallowing problem there there's
lots of animals like dogs and they're
not on leashes and they just roam around
free it's amazing I don't know I always
love to see that but I'm always scared
to see that as well but I mean I guess
they just train their animals and it's
really nice to see them they just like
hang out and walk around and they're
just something cool that's it um I
mention one little thing yeah uh what a
really good tip that I've picked up for
the last like two trips that I've done
is uh oh yeah getting around a game
around a place that you don't really
know normally what you would you use is
look up this here tourist map so you
can't give them hotels and stuff but
this is like huge and when you're
walking around looking like I asked you
guys don't know what a freaking find
anything yeah let's be honest it's just
embarrassing yes tourist well
one really really good app if I'm gonna
I find I'm sure people and Android
probably happens as well it's a little
app called city maps to go which is
right there we click on that there what
it does is you can actually it's kind of
bright you can't really see you better
okay well you can actually pre download
any map to pretty much any major city so
you don't need to be using any internet
any kind of download anything whilst
you're out about obviously roaming costs
a lot so you just pre download it and
the hotel Wi-Fi or maybe even at home
and then it's got the map right there
and the best thing about it is it
actually if you press the kind of little
button there it tells you where you are
and it still doesn't actually use
roaming so you're not wasting any money
the reason why you can tell it tells you
where you are is because it you in
latches on to any available Wi-Fi
hotspot even if it needs a password even
if it needs a password doesn't matter
just any Wi-Fi hotspot and obviously
that place like Copenhagen which is
really built up there's lots of Wi-Fi
everywhere and it tells and it can work
out basically where you are from the
Wi-Fi hotspot so what is really cool as
you're moving around the blue dot that
represents you moves around as well and
it's really handy and I made you like
mmm oh you don't look like an idiot yeah
umm and a couple of people on Twitter
we're asking what hotel we were actually
staying at keep in mind I have no bra on
so please don't turn ok and it's called
hotel Alexandre would we recommend it um
you know what if I had to do this again
I probably would not stay right in the
center's hotels Enders right right back
in the center and because of that it's
pricey for what it is I mean this hotel
is kind of special because it tries to
make sure all the rooms are furnished
and kind of like cool retro a danger
design furniture but it I mean it's
you're not really getting up that much
for your money except perhaps of the
design aesthetic if I had to come back
to a company again I would definitely
recommend staying somewhere a little bit
further out it's super easy to take a
train we took a train today really nice
really comfortable if you're going to
Copenhagen don't stay right in the city
center it's like whatever you want yeah
but we're just saying I'm saying um
little bit further out but we get more
value for your money and the trains are
really nice the public transport pretty
cheap
and that easy said
you
