hey number two we're going on the
streets again we're hitting up a flea
market yeah it's a little famous street
for junk shops many markets in Ann Arbor
oh that's okay it's very windy it's
actually a lot colder than I would have
a I'm in a skirt in a t-shirt
anyway I'm a crossing the road I think
you know we're not no we're not yes guys
yeah okay we're going
we had a hotel breakfast until okay
actually not bad scrambled eggs a decent
4 a.m. you know normal hotel buffet
style breakfast we're gonna try and hit
up as many blue markets second-hand
shops and furniture places just about
everything normally this kind of stuff
that we do in London but I'm going to
try and do it here so today is a good
day because it's a Saturday all the flea
markets junk shops over today so we're
gonna try and do that maybe people don't
know our love for Danish furniture yeah
that's one reason we actually came here
yeah check out the sweet Danish
furniture we're gonna be going to like
the design using Design Center the is
like I'm an older museum it's got all
that beautiful furniture there's lots of
really high-end shops on bruh garden
near Knight Haven that have like a
really awesome original pieces that are
really super expensive but just lovely
to look at and just you know drool over
so yeah we'll be doing that
so we found this really nice park
because we're trying to get to the junk
shops
it's actually really super nice will
include some footage obviously it's
really calm so many birds romantic
nefeli yeah it's romantic II played very
well landscapes there's a beautiful lake
right in the middle running through it
gorgeous bridge but yeah nice oh yeah
there's a heaven right here right in the
middle
get the zooms backward crane no the
Heron it's something right there bird
enthusiasts let's go digital zoom right
here you know right
find out what this park is called it's
called the arts department or I'm
probably pronouncing it wrong but yeah
it's right in the city center give it
here come check it out it's beautiful
all right just made it to the area where
we thought the flea market was gonna be
but there's no flea market here today
should have done our research but it was
pretty cool just to walk and see
different areas and stuff like that but
we've got one more street to go down
plus nothing's even open right now it's
ten o'clock on the Saturday morning and
things don't open till 11:00 yeah so we
can't even really go into the shops but
that's alright we're just gonna walk
around
okay made it now the other side of town
we had a few detours along the way yep
the long walk to cut a time now but it's
been all worth it because right there is
the little flea market so it'll be
interesting to see what the quality of
the produce is like I'm actually really
excited to see what kind of stuff fill
hub but I know I'm gonna kind of go
crazy and by about a million full dishes
no we can't because we can't actually
bring them back so anything we get we
got a class where we're gonna make sure
it's good good and worth taking back
anyway here we go
so just finished up the flea market we
won't show you what we got now but when
we get back to the hotel I'll show you
guys what we got and I know it's pretty
good I thought yeah this should be um
well I think it was kind of interesting
for us there's a lot of Danish things
like there's like little soft small
objects made in Denmark which is kind of
rare to see in London so that was nice
yeah I think the guidebooks are right in
that that one which is right in the
center is pricier than the ones on the
outskirts although one of the ladies
they did give me a tip there's metal
like a flea market tomorrow sometime so
yeah we closed that one yeah that's why
penny where the locals go so yeah we'll
have a look at that um now we head in
for lunch yeah we're as always hungry I
feel like we only vlog when we're hungry
yeah we yeah but yeah we're gonna go to
I don't know what the name of the
restaurant is but man krugen they
basically make their menu around make
better available one season yeah yeah
and it is amazing so it should be quite
good so what happened we looked up a
specific restaurant and we were really
excited to go to it Saturday afternoon I
might have and it's closed
why is that I don't know yeah Denmark
what is up with that why would a popular
restaurant be closed on a Saturday
afternoon for lunchtime
this is something we just don't know
yeah so it looks like we're not gonna be
able to trace all this wonderful Danish
fat I'll have to try and find somewhere
else to eat or ended up in some
restaurant on na Haven because we
couldn't find anywhere else
everybody told us to avoid naive but
raising 22 whatever price we can find
any other restaurants not open oh why
they get you those tourists have closed
all the other s1
but I know it should be good we ordered
so we just waiting our food got a nice
big old beard
I got water out of nowhere came this
giant church it's a church on
Frederick's God square I leave all the
pronouncing dazzling because like I'm
always doing a horrible job as well so
anyway we just thought okay well why not
go in completely one side it's really
beautiful and yeah see you have to be
silent when you go in there so it's
really quiet and it's nice and cool
inside too air conditioning just made it
to the designer Museum of Denmark that's
it
so we're here and this is what it looks
like
nice little courtyard entrance so yeah I
think we're pretty much keen on the
mid-century modern is that what we're
after there's a wing has that kind of
furniture yeah so we're gonna check out
that wing among other wings
we're probably gonna check out all the
wings anything maybe especially the
chicken wings we wish
oh we're now in the modern wing and as a
special exhibition of post-war British
textiles interesting and also right here
we have a beautiful beautiful thin yo
poet sofa very nice I think so yes we
look like in it oh it suits you
Green is your color darling oh yeah we
went through your wing now it's kind of
boring for us I suppose
we're not funny try out this another
video I think that two versions I think
that the other one of the smaller being
as the old one and this is a later one
now that I see you in a red I think red
is your color darling ice prefer that's
designed to your one I don't know yeah
maybe I do too I love these these look
really beautiful
yeah these are really hard to find use
we will use what they really are they're
really expensive but then there are ones
where the one collection but they are
all so ridiculous expenses you recon one
of these and is reproduction ones
yeah they try but oh one thing I really
really loved is this audio cups and
cutlery I wish I could find this
somewhere but it's actually really
difficult to find anywhere would you
want to use it yeah I'm usually not
tempted by gift Shop items but this
postcard book called beautiful pigeons
is really calling my name
it is a whole book of beautiful pigeons
they do the pretty beautiful look at
that one
stop someone's reading for them right
out
if you give him oh this one seems a
little bit must be quite a toy we do if
you very much
gift shop with postcards and interested
in yeah yeah we love poster
Oh
right so we're standing in the hotel
room you know near this mirror thing a
little small but we're both kind of
fitting in there anyway um I guess I'll
talk in the mirror right yeah okay and
so we just got back well not just we got
back to the hotel and I needed a little
bit of a nap on it out of but I fell
asleep for like 40 minutes but I guess I
was sleepy yeah yeah so yeah took a nap
and then I woke up then we kind of got a
little bit refreshed and then now we're
gonna go get something to eat and we're
gonna go to tiboli yeah devoted audience
so travaglio Tivoli yeah like an old
amusement fad
yeah and there's like apparently a fair
and we might get a bite to eat there
we're not really interested in going for
like a huge meal tonight or whatever
another hot dog something we do love our
hot dogs um so yeah but I thought before
we left we would show you guys what we
got today at the flea markets and stuff
mm-hm
and uh yeah I'm going to show you what
we got Wow a million hangers well 23 of
these beautiful teak wooden hangers we
are teak attics fanatics so yeah yeah
lovely shape and really nice I mean some
of them I love it was for we're just a
little bit of a light treatment with the
teak oil and then you'll be good to go I
got these picture frames I don't know I
I just like the idea of having some
picture frames around the house so I got
these two
they are nothing nice yeah just nothing
special but they're nice mmm nice little
Ringo man this one was really cool
actually because there was this guy
selling frames and they were all made in
Denmark and he said that they were all
about 50 years old but we I just really
liked the decorations random like this
and it says here the book made in
Denmark mom I just thought it'd be like
a nice souvenir if anything and the
other cool thing about them is it's got
rounded glass yeah I don't know if
you'll be able to see that but
what does that do well I think it helps
with a reflection it might make the
photo look a bit yeah there's I mean but
it's just nice a nice thing like it's
got this yeah it's a little bit more
kind of effort put into the little thing
yeah so that was one of my souvenirs
that I got from the trip I also got this
um framed picture and another souvenir
for me I really want to hang this near
my desk because it's just gonna remind
me of this trip we're having such a good
time here
and I just loved it I mean I just love
it I don't know why uh yeah so Scott you
know it's not that big but it's perfect
so hopefully that it will all fit in our
hand luggage with these wouldn't teak
coasters love these one small and two
larger ones and they have this one
specifically has like a really nice guy
mark on on the back made em up again we
have a lot of teak furniture and we just
like teak accessories yeah cuz it kind
of blends in well oh this tiny little
picture oh yeah forgot I got this I am I
don't know why I wanted this probably
because I have an addiction to like
glassware bowls cups everything I don't
even know what I will do with this but I
think you're supposed to put like milk
in this when you serve tea or something
this was cheap like a couple of pounds
maybe one pound and I just I just liked
it I like that it looks like a big jug
yeah it looks like a huge jug but it's a
small judge yeah it's cool and then then
I got one of these little candle holders
it looks a lot like a dance design one
but I don't have any sort of any sort of
makers mark on the back pole-dance
design normally do but it's not that but
it looks a lot like a minute it looks
from the same period car stein as well
so maybe it is but yeah
I got a few the other ones so I haven't
never seen this one before so this all
for anyone who doesn't know what that is
what is that
that's design no well no but this thing
in general oh is it candle holder yeah
yeah so it's it's like anytime and
they're really small holes for candles
so I don't even know yeah but I just
like the way they look they look like
some sort of contraption now we're going
to the
carnival Tivoli Gardens ort Rivoli
howard-browne simple I think it's tiboli
a good time over overly good time all
the way yeah ah so we're gonna go now
mmm-hmm here we are in two voli when we
came so we got these umbrellas from them
right we are we are good we are prepared
and it seems like a really nice kind of
well sorta seem like a fun fair but yeah
it's really like fancy Chinese gay
lanterns yeah I mean it's like a really
really nice I think it's because this is
permanent right so they can make it nice
I actually really like having an
umbrella because now I can use it my
pointing device right there's a branch
of mad Kalugin restaurant we rejected
from earlier so busted we're not going
back there
no ah there you go
has a child there is a tree so this
somebody's working out perfectly
we just saw some peacocks this is crazy
this is free to roam look at this
so cool yeah it is free to roam
completely free sweet
I thought it was like a white one up
there I wonder if like only into voli
I wouldn't have but I'll be right my god
are we going on oh I don't think so
I'll be too terrified for that I'm
really scared when it comes to right
scaredy-cat should we go on it
no I'm you scream my head up you could
gone into anything
maybe I like scary rides bud well let's
try the we're gonna try the ferris wheel
initially that's high enough for me so
yeah for two people who don't really
like rides we got the unlimited to her
pass so we're definitely going on this
ferris wheel now got the line I'm going
up there I really want to try to
convince Aslan to go in that swing thing
I don't know if he's gonna go for it
what are we doing right now
wanna win ding what's it called ferris
wheel like English and in Russian called
a devil's wheel is it yeah how do you
say in Russian shot at the mechanism oh
wow
not gonna try that one um yeah it's like
when you haven't been on a ride for a
while it seems to be scarier yeah funny
summary that's funny
let's be honest if we show you the make
up of all the people down there the
majority of them but oh whoa George
you're like adults with kids yeah I
think we are the only people who are
okay so yeah anyway so uh we
and I have a look now that my girl yeah
oh it's making me really nervous to go
that other one yeah that one is even a
higher way yeah we're thinking of going
on that big one which you can't see but
oh I don't know I used to be like a
total daredevil when it came to these
things not anymore not anymore I'm like
a baby I don't know why should we just
discovered that passeth and I both when
we were 16 pissed ourselves out of fear
on a ride yeah yep me because I was on
kind of a teacups that went upside down
like it I don't even I got to spin
around they go upside down and I was
just alarming out of fear so much I
pissed myself a little bit what a lot
and I showed through the front I didn't
burst and mine was because I was at
Canada's Wonderland and it was like the
bungee jumping one so you're like
freefall like not majorly but it's
pretty scary and I was laughing so hard
out of fear probably and then I pissed
myself and again it showed on the front
it was horrible I had to walk around for
the whole day with piss showing on my
pants
so yeah that's it ready but the view is
great
taking action there
there you go and we're hoping to go up
there now so maybe maybe we'll see
okay so we just got off the ride oh yes
they were so so scared I got a big talk
but when we got up there I was working I
was pretty scared too but it wasn't that
I it was kind of scary but I already joy
to actually is very fun
I like latched on to his hand like just
like it's an overhead opiate it felt
like we were out there for an hour
yeah but now we're gonna go on some
revolving teacups yeah yeah so well the
reason why we could get any blog footage
of the actual quality body thing is
because they were really strict about
the picture rethoric look so sorry guys
wanted to but anyway sex right okay so
we're on this right now they're trying
to secretly film me maybe leave the try
as well that I are just leaving
- bully Gardens it has been a beautiful
experience yes it has so nice a so nice
this is so far for the best part of our
trip if you ever come to Copenhagen come
here in the evening like beautiful
hopefully if it's not writing its kind
of warmish evening
it's so nice yeah it's really romantic
as well you get the rise you go on fun
and then that jazz singing and the
dancing yeah it's on all these lights
and everything it's really romantic and
really just nice yeah it's really nice
so we're going back to the hotel now
just gonna relax we're very tired and
we'll see you tomorrow yeah fine
yes it's only again the sky
