hello just got to the airport yeah
crap the early morning wake up tired
getting a little grouchy booty but um we
can't say to Uncle
welcome to running on schedule Lucia
hurry so let's go about a little later
all right
just made our way through security got
stopped got our bags yes
because I've got to go I stayed iPad so
we had to do the whole shebang
but that's right now going through doing
free but I don't really jump it because
we do these grades cause I thought
Denmark was in the EU but I'm heading
straight for the D or counter if there's
one because I want to get the BVI cream
cuz I think today's launch day but I
don't I don't think I don't think I yeah
but I have to look no joy on the BB eye
cream they don't have it they don't even
know when it's coming to the UK but I
could have sworn it was the 31st but I'm
very disappointed about this anyway it's
type of breakfast we have to eat yeah
hungry yeah Hungry Hungry Hippos right
here now through the check-in everything
waiting at the gate the flight got
slightly delayed but a little bit but it
should be fine all right but anyway the
reason that why we're here again is we
want to talk about the plane cuz it's so
big well not the plane that we're taking
oh we're not taking no we're taking that
plane okay cuz we're going to Hoover
name let's say Singapore Airlines inside
anyway it's a here it is it's the new
a380 double-decker very large very large
in person
I've been press hurry to see it but I'm
always just impressed by them like
top-of-the-line planes like I've never
ever flown on a 747 except once and that
was like a really exciting thing for me
so I wish I would have flown on that
I've never seen a plane that big in my
life I know I don't understand it I
don't understand how something that big
and heavy soar through the air but as
once said physics physics is physics
anyway so that's it we'll probably see
you next when we arrive in coping yeah
alright alright just got to the hotel
and you know the journey wasn't that bad
actually the flight was good nice
actually
we should talk about the flight that
cool thing and it's like oh yeah
basically on the flight first on the
scene is incredible they had a camera
right on the nose of the airplane and
you could see in the TV on your onboard
TVs what the pot of normally see it's
actually really cool like when you're
flying when you're lifting up you can
see all the way down the runway and
you're flying over Denmark and over the
sea kind of see the sea beneath those
three sweeties yeah it's really neat
actually I just really like when you
could land and then we could actually
see like the guys working on the ground
like pointing the plane in the right
direction stuff but anyway yes we got to
the yummy hotel fine yeah so I think
we're just gonna freshen up a little bit
I really want to get changed into
something a little more slinky not
really but it's hot outside I want to
put a dress on uh so should we do it a
little hotel tour
okay let's see I've never done one of
these before
well I'll start from the front well you
come in like this in here is the
bathroom nothing spectacular about this
bathroom but the nicest oh not focusing
which is probably for the best
and then it's I hear you've walked a
little hallway there's the bed you know
it's not the biggest room but it's fine
for us I think nice little day
aesthetic all right we've hit the
streets the street ring Copenhagen
opening is it Copenhagen or Copenhagen
I think scope and Hagen I think it's
Copenhagen but anyway we're going to get
some lunch because both of us are
starving and I'm actually getting a
little bit she's got a little bit moody
a little bit snappier so I have to we've
got some cops in there yeah so we found
a restaurant that we're going to go to
so we're trying to locate it now and
we'll report back when we're actually
there okay so here we are at our
destination for lunch it's called the
little house on the corner next to the
green tree or something on this life
basis the traditional cat thing with a
so small bread which is the open-faced
sandwich and it's a pretty traditional
and cool thing is I ordered coke and it
came in a chilled glass and you can kind
of just see a writer bottom line so
there's no ice cubes in it it comes with
a chilled glass you know
so we'll go on food now now I stay he's
asking this traditional Danish food well
Danes you tell us it's a price basically
roast beef yes I'm Brad yeah I think
most people have our theme I've got this
small bread meatball sandwich with red
cabbage plus an egg on the side because
that was that stays but as they hate
eggs so I took it but yeah all in all
pretty good we're now in the main town
centre and we're walking down what I
think is like the main high street here
love MIT yes yeah so this is what the
streets like
very busy I think I think I think we're
on the wrong way we'll go back go back
because this times it to me god we need
to go into sleep Frederick's anyway can
I just say when we were having lunch the
waitress
tried to give us like a slice very small
lesson and how to pronounce things and
it's just not gonna happen we are going
to be butchering every single Danish
word because it's so hard for us to
actually say it so I'm gonna try but
don't judge us if we can
oh my god what do we find walking down
the Main Street this is really signing
for us guys because we don't get to this
in London too often and this is the home
of this shop tiger our favorite right
here the pretty large one is writing to
see one on like on a Main High Street
and London they're normally like tucked
away in Whittle or places this is right
in High Street but I don't know if we're
going to be able to like really go all
out because we're all my luggage women
obviously can't bring too much back so
but yeah we'll still have a look inside
will report
you
even though it's getting a little bit
colder a little bit darker I'd stop and
get some ice cream it was actually
pretty sweet
she took the cone and she dipped in the
chocolate and dipped it in the sprinkles
and it's warm I'm in heaven right now
Ashlyn did not get one he's not feeling
the ice-cream alone right now all right
we finally made it to the beautiful
canal beautiful houses we're just taking
it all in
we actually am we spent quite a long
time walking here I'd say because
someone ie me
I screwed up with a map made us go
around a complete circle actually but
it's okay we didn't really mind because
we could actually just walk around and
see everything everybody here so nice
and might I add very tall yes just like
me I don't know anything
I just noticed a lot of a lot more
people are taller anyway so this is a
this is like probably those touristy
part of Copenhagen with the canal and
multi-coloured houses so they're in the
background over there and in the
foreground it's beautiful
I think tomorrow we're going to do a
canal tour maybe but today we're just
wanting to like take it all in yeah we
think we're gonna probably try and find
a cafe or somewhere we have dinner chill
and then head back to the hotel because
were pretty exhausted yeah it's been
quite tiring even though it was only
like a one and a half hour flight it was
exhausting yeah because I think it was
so early we gotta talk some business
I always suck so yeah but we're having a
good time and just gonna chill out
so we got back to the hotel room we're
pretty tired I'm exhausted
yeah so I think we're gonna just wrap it
up for tonight and relax for watchin a
little bit of TV some we're not actually
watching this movie but yeah um so I
think we're just gonna relax watch the
bit of TV Oh plan tomorrow they
definitely plan for tomorrow make sure
that we got our batteries recharged
because wouldn't we do a lot of our
actual batteries for oh are you talking
about our batteries like our energy or
energy camera batteries on the camera
everything all the batteries possible
we're getting them recharged
everything's being charged tonight the
best thing about is it's so pedestrian
friendly
yeah looks like walking biking you can
walk everywhere which is kind of like in
London it's not really the same because
you can walk but all the streets have
caused it like have a road that cars go
through them but half the streets in the
sentencing like you know they're just
for pedestrian - that's really nice yeah
another exciting thing that happened was
I met a really really nice viewer named
Carla today and well she's her name is
Carla it's called kar la but the way she
pronounced it was really nice I can't
say like that you know these Danish
words it's too hard for me but um yeah
she's really nice I'll try to insert a
little bit of but it drew that and I was
really cool because we were just like
walking down the street and she said hi
which is really awesome
oh and one of the funny thing is that
when we're walking back to the hotel we
saw this like group of guys that were
that had like these Rockets on their
backs and they were playing like this
jazz and is walking down the street like
pumping music it was hilarious that it
basically they would choose like a
sudden person they would surround him
and they were just like place guys
around them don't yeah yeah it's pretty
funny it's really funny we had a nice
hot dog yep really good hot dog with
like crispy yeah like crispy onions
especially like Danish mustard
yeah just lemur sauce oh my god oh so
good so definitely hit the gym we get
home yeah so we're gonna pack it in for
tonight and we'll see you guys tomorrow
okay
