somebody is rip-rip raring to go outside
today cuz he's got his coat oh he
doesn't it's too cold do you have to
wear your coat now he doesn't like it
this is a new coat and people always ask
us where we get it and I don't actually
remember where we do you know where we
got that I think it was like Amazon or
Etsy like Greyhound coat the brand is
voyages canine apparel if that means
anything to you
oh he's like mom I just want to go for
my walk
Fred just a little bit sassy this
morning because he's used to as one and
I walking him in the morning together
but Aslan couldn't walk him this morning
so it's just us and he is very annoyed
and I think he's annoyed that he's
wearing his coat too but it's just so
cute
bye rich guys I'm listening to this
podcast it's called the start-up startup
podcast it is really good if you've ever
been interested in how businesses start
I shouldn't listen to this it's really
good it's from the guy who I think he
co-founded this American life where I
just like I don't care mom I want my
breakfast for breakfast
I'm having some Vogel's soya and linseed
bread which is my favorite kind of bread
and some peanut butter I went for smooth
this time I think I'm gonna go chunky
next time but this peanut butter is so
amazing I know you want some peanut
butter I know I'm gonna give you some
and then everyone always asks how I make
my tea so I feel like I've said this a
million times but I'm gonna say it again
because I'm passionate about it so my
tea of choice is Yorkshire gold just has
regular teabags you know put it in let
it steep and get my juror here then
I just like to stir it around and then
take the teabag out pop that in there
for now and then I like to have a little
bit of sugar which I'm trying to cut
back but this is like my one vice I have
a lot of vices but you know so what
about this much sugar and it's like
maybe like half a teaspoon it's not
bolsas a little bit stir it up I like to
use almond milk at my teeth whatever
kind of almond milk and our only care
and then pour it in hopefully this isn't
boring stirred up and that is my perfect
cup of tea right there
this might grow some of Yunnan dog
people out but Yolo he loves it his nose
is like so long the camera won't focus
on it cuz it's just like so then he has
a peanut butter bath yeah we don't know
why he does this but he always gives
himself a bath after he has peanut
butter peanut butter bath you guys are
at this point you're probably like God
she is really messed up let me wash my
hands and have my breakfast okay well
not much has happened since I was having
breakfast but I am now going to film a
video I'm gonna film my everyday makeup
which as you guys know is very minimal
so I thought I would I thought I'd show
you guys what I do so I've got all the
products ready to go I am watching the
presidential debate but I have to just
put it on pause because it is time to
film I just got some mail from my mom
and she included some Halloween candies
which these are like my favorite thing
over there Chloe gummies and they're
just like chocolate with sprinkles
cute this is like so my mom to like get
a rivet and then like twirl it up with
scissors so cute
and she made me this mug oh my gosh it
has bloom on the cover and on the back
it says I like big books and I cannot
lie
my mom is mom goals she is amazing
thank you mom and when I was in LA in
the summer time I went to Dida and I
bought two pair of sunglasses
well optical glasses kind of and I
basically had to get them shipped to a
house in America so my friend Christine
said I could get them shipped to her
house and she just finally mailed them
to me because they just got done so I
thought I'd show you what I got these
are the first pair which I think are
super cool they are reading glasses like
optical glasses but they have a tinted
lens in them and the tint is grey so I
just wanted something new and original
and I thought these were awesome and
these are the second pair of glasses
which I adore so these ones are more
like normal if you want to call them
that but they still have like that dida
cat eye
I love these let me know what's your
fave and because Christine is such a
legend she also included this little kid
from glossier because i love la CA and i
can't get it in the UK but she really
didn't have to do that this is called
the supers and I haven't opened it yet
so I don't even know what it is oh it's
like a serum looks like it's skin care a
serum a glow serum and oh so it's like
three different types of serum so this
is like I'm assuming a purifying serum
to help get you some clear skin this is
to help your skin glow and this is to
hydrate your skin so I'm excited to try
jeez let's see what the packaging looks
like woo glossy packaging is so cool
isn't it if any of you guys have tried
these let me know what you thought
alright so I just had a little bit of
lunch
had a chicken potpie exciting and then I
filmed another video which is gonna go
up in a couple of weeks it was a current
favorites video because there's so many
things that I have been absolutely
loving that I wanted to talk about and
now I'm just sitting here replying to my
emails so you guys claim that you like
the vlogs where I'm just chillin
but honestly every single day it's like
film edit answer emails could get boring
for you guys but uh that's what I'm
doing and it's 2 o'clock now and that's
what I will be doing for the next 3
hours so I will see you on the other
side of this uh-oh its Reggie's frenemy
that you can see they just completely
ignore one another it's kind of it's
kind of cool actually because they used
to just hate each other and the cat
would hiss and Reggie would try to
attack it and but now they've reached an
agreement I'm just going to meet Sharon
who is the creator of MV organic
skincare and I'm getting a facial so I
wanted to give her a copy of my book and
this is what the inside says so I'm
gonna give that to her tonight I have
been looking forward to this facial
since the last time I had this facial
Sharon was the person who got me into
facials I don't even know if I'm really
into facials I've had like 3 facials in
my entire life two of which were from
Sharon one of which was by the people at
shifts Sheriff Sarah Chapman and it was
so good I booked this in months ago with
Sharon and I was just like bring me to
that moment when I can be laying in that
bed and Sharon can be blood all over my
face and that sounds weird but that's
what happens she gets that oil she gets
all greased up and then she starts
massaging and she does this like Reiki
healing and it's like really it's like
an out-of-body experience like the first
time it happened to me I came out of
there bawling my eyes out calling Amelia
being like you have to get
this facial I saw my future and she
thought I was crazy until she had the
facial and she was like yeah she was
like totally on board with that so I'm
gonna get going I'm gonna drive there
and I would be there soon I'm also
really excited to listen to my podcast
which I forgot to figure out how to turn
this on now I'm in the car
this podcast is so dang good
I just love it podcasts I know a lot of
people like maybe don't listen to them
but they are wonderful just got finished
with my facial I just wanted to show you
how Sheeran lines up her products you
guys know I adore this stuff I love
everything I love the hand rescue
I love the moisturizer I love the
cleanser I love the jojoba I love this
it's it's just it's all so wonderful so
oh my gosh on the way here I was ten
minutes in the car and I realized I had
a flat tire and I was so annoyed and I
was all frustrated and I got here for my
facial and Sharon just took me back down
and grounded me like she normally does I
don't know I think you've been in a
video before but everyone this is Sharon
I have hi everyone well you are the
creator and master of and the organic
skin care and I just want to say this is
not a facial this is like a ritual that
you perform
you're like a witch or something a good
witch but do you ever get that delivered
I get the White Witch chill oh yeah yeah
oh my gosh it's so amazing and all of my
worries about the flat tire I don't care
as one can deal with it it's not telling
it's a flat tire so I just got home and
I jumped straight into the shower
because I had like oils in my hair and
it just feels so good to take a shower
after something like that but yeah
massive thank you to Sharon for knocking
it out of the park once again it's
almost like meditation like guided
meditate
that's kind of what it feels like it's
really Zen you just feel so calm your
brain is still and it's just amazing and
you get great looking skin afterwards so
I love seeing her I am now going to try
to rustle up something to eat because
I'm starving
it is about 8:45 but got to eat try not
to eat after like seven ish but you know
I'm hungry so gotta eat something and I
think that's it so I will see you guys
tomorrow for a special date day I'm
surprising Iceland with a date tomorrow
he has no idea what so I will see you
during that my husband's breakfast came
and we're astounded at how large like
sausages
the biggie it's the biggest I went for
Eggs Benedict
and George went for the most gorgeous
pancakes I've ever seen on so
that way
