good morning everyone I'm a walking
around in public with a big cup of tea
and I'm also with George and Aslan who
also have their own cups of tea I feel
like this is kind of weird but basically
I made everybody tea and then we were
like should we go to the cafe for
breakfast and none of us wanted to waste
our tea so we're gonna go like this
it's a biggie I went for Eggs Benedict
and George went for the gorgeous
pancakes I've ever seen I'm so jealous
good so we're just about to leave
so I just got out of the shower and I
saw I would do a little hair mask and
y'all guys remember I'll put I put this
in a hole a couple of videos back anyway
it's the way treatment mask and as a
little update I absolutely love it
I think it's really good I love that it
comes in this little sachet so what I do
is I take it all out put it all
throughout my hair and then I put it up
in a little bun it's not something I do
now and voila this is what it looks like
and it's just got a little bun in the
back but this is what I do normally I
would do this all day long but
unfortunately I cannot we're going out
for lunch later today so I'm just gonna
leave this in for like an hour and
hopefully it can work its magic
we've got an hour before we have to go
for lunch actually we've only got a half
an hour
oh but anyway I've decided to make some
banana bread so I'm going to quickly you
know cuz we've got these we got these
bananas here so I'm going to quickly try
to rustle up some banana bread in 25
minutes
well gang I made the batter
it's looking good however I just
realized that it has to cook for an hour
and I have to leave in 15 minutes so I
really really screwed this up but I'm
just gonna cover it up and leave it and
then when I get back in a couple hours
pop it in the oven you know what this is
life it's a casual Sunday banana bread
it's not the Great British Bake Off so
we felt like Thai food so we're meeting
Aslan's mum and sister I'd pursue but
eat Thai on the kingsroad and it's gonna
be good if you're ever on the kingsroad
and you want a nice little blow-dry I
really like this duck and dry blow dry
bar why Duncan don't know what duck has
to do with anything duck inside no
there's no ducks the logo is a duck but
I think that's about it I don't have a
super cute eyes just right up here it's
really really good it's owned by the
same guys wagamama right or something
like that yeah one thing I will say is
they used to have this
amazing like almost like ice-t but it
was like different they don't do it
anymore but they do have like loads of
interesting softer rings so I wonder
which one I'll pick Sunday ritual let's
go I just got my eyebrows threaded
eyebrows on fleek so I feel good about
that and now we are heading home and
they should do a really good job
actually have these eyebrows Oh bleep
back home now walking Reggie dinnertime
walk and I had to pop into the local
Sainsbury's because I wanted to pick up
a couple of things number one glamour
number two Cosmo magazine because Zoe is
on the cover and you got a support and
number three almond magnum because it's
Sunday night and I am addicted to these
hashtag personal bests just as we were
walking home there was a flower delivery
and I said to as I'm like who are these
flowers for like they can't be for me
I'd like assume it's for my neighbor but
they were for me and they're from Steve
and Alexia Booker so thank you guys I
already tweeted you but I just wanted to
show everyone how beautiful they are
oh look at these cool like long pink
ones I don't know I just think they're
amazing on a different note I have my
banana bread now in the oven and I don't
know this is gonna turn out or what but
we shall see a few people have tweeted
me already but I just wanted to let you
guys know that I'm in this month's
Glamour magazine I already showed you
the cover buddies this one and I took
over Alessandra's column this month it's
called ask is normally called a
scalloped Alex but this month called ask
Estee and you guys can check this out if
you go pick up the magazine the banana
bread is done and you can see it's
steaming I couldn't wait for it to cool
down a neither could Aslan so we're
having a little piece now pretty good is
it good guys I say it is very good at
making banana bread
I think it like runs in my family my
mom's really good at making it oops so I
think we're gonna end the blog now I
will see you very soon thank you for
watching good bye I mean well it's
they're like oh my god behind the
enclosure there's a like
the road and it could because anything
could have happened
Reggie is going to touch it and bang
este freaking saves Reggie commits fully
lunges
