hello hello he's camera-shy he's like
what the game it's like why are we doing
this camera thing again why in that
corner anyway it is Saturday morning
Reggie's favorite day of the week Oh
going down here going down a new route
let's go
yo yo yo MC button in the house I don't
go by button anymore go by Lalo anyway
guys as you know is Saturday morning and
we're having a nice chilled out Saturday
I don't sure what we're gonna get up to
today hopefully a hell of a lot of
relaxing guys I just witnessed perhaps
the most impressive thing as thing has
ever done at least is my time with her
wow this lady here she committed she is
somebody who actually cared and loves
the people that she cares about yeah
very true so we had a bit of it you
a
basically there was like an enclosure
like this and we let Reggie off the
leash because it was all enclosed except
for a small entrance like this and
esterday was we were both standing at
the entrance well initially yeah and
then Reggie decided to poop in the
enclosures that I went off to go pick up
the poop and after Reggie poops is you
some of you may know he gets very frisky
to us to run around so then he started
to run around and he started making a
beeline straight for I stay meanwhile is
there like oh my god behind the
enclosure there's a like a road and it
could because anything could have
happened
Reggie is going to touch it and bang as
they freaking saves Reggie commits fully
lunges lunges like like a goal keeper
like fully like penalty love style lunge
and she tackles Reggie in the softest
way I've ever seen anybody tackle first
and or a thing and slows him down and
say essentially saves Reggie
in the pudding I fell on the ground you
can tree see but there is some stuff
here okay guys this this woman right
here she's gonna be an amazing mother we
named that no ask you are you grateful
that your mother saved you I started
crying because I am like not used to
these types of things and he kind of
yells because I like literally tackled
him but no he was okay and then I was
like all wound up and I I was like
embarrass I'm like did I just do
something really weird and then as it
was like holy hero of the day
there's the guy that was really a
president like you've you committed you
committed a hundred percent yeah yeah by
the way if you're wondering what this
little thing in the background here is
stuck on to the side here it's a little
getting the point oh this is your
situation
okay but wow what a hero what a hero you
are right you should be grateful for
having this been amazing what you should
be grateful like why you telling me you
freaking yeah we're at the park and
Reggie is going a little insane again oh
he's so cute
Oh what were you doing he went on a
little exploring mission behind there's
like a skate bowl thing there he was
behind it and we couldn't find him and
we got scared but he was okay it's
enough scares okay Reggie it's enough
the park looks so pretty because all of
the leaves are starting to fall off and
you know they're changing color it's
just beautiful
yeah very odd to me should we do outfit
of the days you look great so I think
it's important to showcase today so I've
got work boots my favourite naik fuel
boots I'll get them all you can start
getting them you can kind of feel the
boots especially nice jeans you can tell
you like a thick denim just like
trousers yeah well okay nice and a nice
little beanie where's your beanie from
this is wood wood wood yes very nice
yeah
Reggie's really freaking us out today
okay what are you going lady nice looks
like what you call the suspenders oh
yeah it's beautiful
very cool looking chic and Paki baggage
chic of course we are eating buckets yum
yum yum
ah sun's already eating his well we just
had a lovely lunch with Emile who you
guys might remember he's been living in
Berlin he did not want to be in the vlog
today so I don't force my friends to be
doing that they don't want to do it
however it has just started to pour down
with rain so Reggie has got to go home
I've got to go home I don't have to go
home we gotta go home because it's
really really starting to pour so I will
see you guys hopefully I won't be
soaking wet
yeah we're going home now had a
delicious bucket good times he's been
napping
it took a big man big tip big net buzz
yeah I did you guilty of anything
guilty of Babs and that thing it too
long too much guilty guilty as charged
now you know what you haven't actually
taken a nap I swear like two or three
weeks of something and this is the first
one you took in debt I think I still had
like the jet lag yeah a little bit so I
was gonna take a 20-minute nap but I
took a three-hour cat to na vi's it's
taking the cat but we wanted to do today
yeah literally so Reggie was like
freaking enjoying himself - are you
ready yeah you loved your nap and now
making some teeth to wake us back up
rigid already what are you you're so
rambunctious today guys he's in a mood
today he's in a mood
you tell your snail your snoot you're in
a movie slight problemo
my phone just fell down this crack oh I
see it hello guys I look red right now
because we're sitting at a red light I
thought and I are going out for a nice
den well you guys have probably not seen
us go out in the evening alone
I feel like I could have done I feel
like we're up to no good this no I don't
know we just like hate going out at
night leave us alone
nobody's saying anything nobody cares
nobody cares exactly except me
anyway we're going out for dinner with
Liv Joe Hannah and Steph who you might
know so we're really excited it's like
the first time we've properly hung out
with Hannah and stuff so we're excited
to do that it's a beautiful evening in
London tonight isn't it it's like not
too hot not too cool the coat you can
layer yeah it's really really nice so um
we finally found a parking spot and now
we are walking to the restaurant I
didn't feel like wearing any makeup to
dinner tonight put a little lipstick on
all right guys just got home there's
like a clothes there
don't know why my nose is so red I
actually have no idea why my nose is
there and I think I must have it like
going like that not my finest look and
we had a lovely dinner with Hannah
Steph Liz and Joe we were just chatting
and hanging out we just got home it's
like just past midnight so pretty crazy
for us on a Saturday night but we're
pretty sleepy so we're gonna go to sleep
what time so we'll see ya later dare I
say I write this as I'm sitting in the
library trying to be what but obviously
I can't cuz I'm thinking about you as
usual I'm just trying to read one
smashes six times but every single
instance
leave your money my console I hope I
never do Forever Yours that
