good morning everybody I am still on
cloud nine because last night was so so
crazy basically last night I had an
event at the Waterstones which is a
bookstore here in England and it was the
one on Tottenham Court Road and it was
seriously awesome I was interviewed by a
friend of mine named Emma Gannon who has
a book which I'll pop up on the screen
right now you guys should definitely go
check out her book it's amazing anyway
so she interviewed me in front of a lot
of you guys and then it was open from
8:00 p.m. and people could come get
their book signed I was so stunned and
like in shock of how many people came
and everyone was so nice to me and it
was just like such a beautiful
overwhelming experience and like bundle
of love like seriously thank you to
everybody who came I was like very
emotional afterwards but yes Aslan is
actually eating one of the little
cupcake things that somebody brought up
on table 9 because I'm eating some
colors of squid cupcakes and they're so
good thank you to the girl who bought
these I stand ready head hose this
morning yeah and we are like Oh take a
bite baby just so good ok anyway um I'm
gonna insert some footage from last
night so you guys can see what went down
I hope you enjoy it and I will see you
when you're done seeing that footage we
are at the water stones in Tottenham
Court Road hi the lady of the night
and we were in this dingy hallway as
they was peeing in there not in the
hallway in the toilet there's a toilet
there hi Jacob I in this lovely Jacob
he's here as well supporting oh thanks
Jacob there's lovely mad lamb at what
are you doing your fingers mid sushi
Mads also here supporting Thank You Man
that's very kind
hey is everybody so most people alright
all the people around a few and to
shares in the back way it's pretty busy
you nervous I know I just want to make
sure they are like excited not like why
am I here this is so boring know what
you're gonna do it's gonna be awesome
this is the stage as you might call it
you'll see is what happened is every day
and categorized by date because I'm a
freak but yeah they went by and my
grandma would go get the mail and read
all of the posts are doing them which I
thought about later Mary knows about me
so stay somehow convinced me to read
some of these now we'll do two minor
than two other states
yes we went through these last night and
we're dying the bad things so I think
these were thirteen years ago yeah seven
is so 2008 yeah no way this is gonna be
like an old English
okay pasta so here's one hand Dara state
I write this as I'm sitting the library
trying to be work but obviously I can't
cuz I'm thinking about you as usual I'm
just trying to read one that is six
times but every single instance ended up
thinking about you I can't stop hope I
never do forever yours okay so you guys
know that we went on this road trip
across America so before our road trip
this was what I thought and remember
guys I was 19 I was really lame okay as
I was thinking about our road trip car
we must decorate it with like beads and
fabric curtains maybe we can look for
things along those lines
who knows I think it would make our trip
so much more authentic freedom so yeah I
followed I think I'm starting your
YouTube channel back of my 2009 is that
many first day yep so yeah I'm sick man
I mean you've bloomed and blossomed into
a just an amazing person and your
website its goals everything about You
Tube is goals so that's why is so
amazing because it's just a kind of an
offline version of all of that stuff and
on sale today you all got a coffee but
yeah it's just very exciting because
that's all kind of blue opens is you
masa and you moved across the world how
difficult was that what was that like it
was the hardest thing I've ever done and
it's still hard even like six and a half
years after I did it you know I was I
was actually my friend Amelia you all
don't but she called me and she's like I
can't believe you moved across the world
like you're so
Brahe Oh Mike it was like seven years
ago get over it but it is it was so
intense for me and I just gave up
everything I knew just like that and a
lot of people like asked me how I did it
and I was like I was 19 I didn't think
about stuff you know I just did it but
yeah I wrote it in the book like how
hard it was for me once I landed in
England I was like okay this shit is
real it was really really difficult but
its best thing I've ever done so it's
very brave it's it's one of the big
things that I read when I thought I did
you know why I don't know if I could
have done that and it takes a long time
to settle and what makes a decision the
the pin bloom that really stuck with me
and I kind of wanted to ask early on was
it's called the arrow stop laughing
and all there are a lot the book is very
positive there's deep bits to it and I
laughed and cried reading it so yeah I
wanted to talk to you about that chapter
and was it hard to open up in that way
it was in a sense because I've never
really spoken about him before I would
like oh I don't even want to talk about
it but then I sort of thought no it's a
real thing in my life and I wanted to
talk about it you know and talk about
what happened to me and how it happened
to me and I just thought it was
important because I think if I was going
through something you know now when I
would break read that I think it would
give me some comfort and knowing that it
doesn't last forever you know all those
things so but yeah it was difficult I
really when I when I do I wanted to
speak about it I knew I wanted to really
talk about it and go it's like the whole
thing of how it happened so I thought
the book was really the best way to do
it yeah it's amazing no everyone is
publicly judged but you that's quite
needs to be
a successful youtuber but actually the
idea that people are kind of looking at
you and wondering like no one really
looked at someone and think oh what size
are they or they could be thinner or and
also the fact that it's okay to
fluctuate like we'd all be different
sizes I'm not okay yeah no that is so
true and I don't think like in the
beginning that was so hard for me
because I never I wouldn't even do like
an outfit full outfit picture like I was
I can attest to that because I remember
going outside our first class together
in family can you just do more of a
downward angle and this is really not
working for me you suck at taking
pictures so really I was just so
insecure of my own body but the first
time I did it and like the world didn't
end you know that was good but then you
still get the comments and you already
probably feel like shit and then you
read the comments you're like oh my god
this sucks
say hi to the blog everybody oh I see
what's going up here cute is kind of
insane hi everybody hi
yeah this is kind of crazy I don't think
I stay was expecting this
no not to so hello everybody in the vlog
so hard see it ends there out of the
door crazy there's still those people
downstairs as well for a while
husband is signing his first why does
that make me excited when he does it I
deferred to situation over there and I'm
just here showing out Lucy
lovely Lucy here she brought some
doughnuts so we're eternally thankful to
you it ain't letting up
it ain't letting up that line the first
person not from the event but from the
general kind of like book signing people
hello so though there's been like an
hour and a half later but the queue is
still not apply things I think we have a
long home which is a good thing though
right yes so I'm standing here with Eva
and the first thing I said was we have
the same face look closer because we
have the same Michelle and Michelle is
the last person so I hope you guys
enjoyed that
as you may notice my hair is a different
color to what it was this morning yeah
what do you guys think of it basically
as you guys for watching that I went to
get my hair done because basically it
was so white and I just felt like it was
getting a bit much so I wanted to add
some more like caramely pieces in and my
mom calls it honey and oat I am still
not sure about it because I'm like oh I
kind of missed the light in a weird way
but um I think it's nice I think it's
like a nice autumn color and I'm rolling
with it and honestly the girl was like
your hair is so getting so damaged that
you have to just like leave it now so
I'm gonna probably just have to leave it
but I hope you guys liked watching that
and thanks again to everybody who came
it was just so freakin incredible and I
will see you guys tomorrow
bye luminous do goodness yeah I swear
this is the best thing ever you love it
Alessandra introduced everyone to this
so just as an FYI uh-huh I'll just clean
that
my day and then beautiful beautiful
simple wallet this is I don't need okay
Vaseline rosiness whoa
