good morning everyone it's me I'm still
in my pajamas and I'm loving it I lost
my train of thought as for normal today
is a cool vlog day because it's actually
the behind the scenes vlog from when
Glamour magazine came to my house so a
couple of months ago now time is flying
a couple of months ago now my really
good friend Alessandra Steiner who also
happens to be the beauty editor at
Glamour magazine came over and glamour
made a really cool video showing
different parts of my house and just
chatting a little bit
it is like the coolest video ever it was
so fun to do the video um so you can
watch the video I'm going to leave a
link to the actual glamour glamour UK
YouTube channel so you can watch that
but if you want to watch the
behind-the-scenes then stay tuned and
check it out
Reggie oh you're moody today I could
tell could drill you're moody today he's
not in a petting mood this morning
okay buddy for what Reggie is exploring
a crazy this is definitely not his
normal route and I think he is showing
that he is the one in charge I don't
know what's up with him
he's in the mood today he's in the mood
Reggie's tank is completely empty but he
won't stop sniffing and trying to pee
and stuff buddy that's it you're done
for the day
you can only pee like 20 times you're
out you're empty let's go home good
morning for me it is bright and early
8:30 and we'll talk about early but I I
am ready to go I've got my outfit on and
today I'm actually heading off to the
glamour offices hello Reggie as I'm told
me that Reggie's in a mood today and
look he's not even showing his face are
you are you in a mood anyway I'm
actually heading to the glamour magazine
offices today which I'm so excited for
I've never been inside I don't think
I've ever been inside any magazine
offices before so very cool so I'm just
casually sitting here in the offices
with my real BAE Alessandra
look at that kiss you are such a pro
yeah no not at all know what I'm doing I
convinced her to show me what's in her
bag you're amazing amazing bag and so
she's showing me so I'm gonna show you
cuz like how often do you get to see
what's in Alessandra Steiners bag this
is the bag I'm not allowed to touch it
it's a beautiful beautiful beautiful bag
god it's like what is so nice about
these I don't even know but they just
make you melt know what the thing is
about like first of all this is like my
mom gave me this so mom then she gave it
to me but honestly it actually is the
most practical bag I knew ously
especially one like me you always carry
so much you know stuff around yeah I'm
not even kidding I mean obviously I'm
not gonna
you know buy this for myself but it was
like something my mom passed on Oh
literally my favorite for a long time I
was like oh I can't wear it I can't wear
it because it's too precious yeah but
the point is to wear it if it's that
expensive you better wear it yeah I'm
like that I wear the stuff it looks so
much stuff it's like oh my god like oh
it's such a mess I'm so embarrassed
diary diary I still do ice to people I
was surprised I still do paper diary but
I love my slice and diary yeah I write
it in pencil and then you know stuff
with sunglasses yep Raven Raven reading
glasses cuz I'm half blind
oh and then I already took this out but
I have two phones yeah we were just
saying that she's like Kim K I'm so Kim
K and I'm crying over my you know
blackberry but what is a work phone and
then ones like personal bro like
snapchatting or insta snapping wow I
have to really thought that isn't it
just such a pain to have two phones keep
it charged two phones at night you know
you know what I know but but the thing
is like I'm not supposed to personal
stuff on my working that's true I guess
you know there yeah so I don't know I'm
just leaving to someone really sticks to
the rules okay okay what else is in
there what else is in there oh my god
like obviously my catcher yes how do you
pronounce it touch it I think so Tata
luminous dewy skin mess yeah I swear
this is the best thing ever you love it
Alessandra introduced everyone to this
so just as an FYI uh-huh I'll just clean
that up the rest of my days and then
voila
beautiful beautiful simple wallet uh Oh
God this is I don't okay
Vaseline rosiness whoa not pro back I
love this yeah I like it too I think
this is this
I think this lasts like about ten years
yeah probably more no yeah but I just
always like that this is how long have
you got on the whole day we've got all
day um my little Chanel oh that's cute I
did an event with Chanel and they gave
these away like oh that is cute so let
me see oh the okay guys this is
literally the best mirror everyone has
to be oh my god it's so silly man this
is literally the best mirror and you can
buy this at the Chanel it's not even
that expensive so slim yeah and it's
honestly the best
then I've got oh my god so many
lipsticks okay she's laughing hmm is
that boy that's Chanel boy which I got
because of Alessandra night speak my
favorite lipstick now best is Nia it's
like the best called oh I have something
that you're gonna love which is what I'm
wearing today it's by Troy Seurat oh I
love Julia great rain yeah but you know
what all my other lipsticks are pretty
much the same color so then I've got
like a why sell one
what is that before yeah that's a goodie
that's very similar color and then I've
got a sense I won again I've never tried
sense I know it's nice because it's yeah
and then I put the one that I made with
oh yeah we don't want to talk about that
because you made it and we can't get it
no yeah that's like my ultimate yeah I
saw you posted I'm like 10 so I can give
you one No
so this is your perfect shade this is
literally the color of my lips what did
you call this I called it my lips are
you calling my lips and go original yeah
actually well I think that's original
I've never seen a lipstick called bad
well but you because it's not for sale
yeah I was more it was for a story I was
doing and I was like you know cuz I met
my makeup they actually said to me like
they don't have a color like that so oh
my god imagine if they made it I don't
yeah I do I better give you credit for
that I doubt they will but they can't
make it because my formula but okay fine
we mix it oh really
okay come on pick up the pace here
picking through a sorry I'm not very
good at and then this color Wow I'm
gonna tell you what just you know this
reason thing no I don't weigh so this is
called color well we cover up I swear
and you see it like I think Jonathan
uses this a lot on the I love the
Kardashians and on Kendall especially so
it's kind of for gray roots but it also
sometimes you know what it does and what
Jen says it kind of you just put it on
your it's just deep it just gives you
know sometimes you can see your part
income yeah that's true color it and it
comes she says it it adds some depth
kind of cool I like it I think it really
it's a really good trick something I
don't like seeing my part in coming do
people notice that is that a waste of
your time to color your scalp with
powder like that is that there is anyone
gonna notice that
we work in the beauty and I know okay no
but genuinely though is something this
product like when my roots show through
don't have the patience to get them done
yeah this is a lifesaver I probably
that's cool
what about blonde do they have one for
blonde they have lots of different
shades oh and you can also like the
blonde something can even create
highlights oh my god
yeah it's not really a good product but
maybe you know not if you don't have
roots okay but that's a good tip for
those of you watching my thing so are
interested and that's it the rest are
just of like bills I didn't and I didn't
pay some uh oh oh and then that you like
those yeah I'm obsessed yeah everywhere
but I never find one one I need one yeah
that's always the way but you know but
you know and it so I'm like you I like
the kind of same kind of blow-dry you
like yeah wavy glass doesn't disturb I
think it doesn't disturb it when you
keep your hair would you rather have no
blow dries or no makeup that's a tough
one
the thought you know I'd like no I'm
like the thing is I'm really bad at
doing my own hair yeah I'd rather have
get my hair done I love getting my hair
done because I'm not good at doing it
but to be honest with you on weekend I
don't wear makeup and my hair goes back
this is this is working you know right
but you know you seen like on weekends I
don't wear anything but I definitely
would rather have my hair done because
it changes everything on I can't do it
myself
agreed okay now should we get to work
here we're specially where you can get
to work yeah excuse me you have to begin
editing oh so you're just not working
today I'm just doing your job you're
doing me oh my call okay so I'll ask
Alex it is a can they have it like as a
stick as well okay just as a little
thing I discovered I I literally thought
this was like June alcohol yeah I was
drinking it yeah I wasn't gonna question
it up no judgement but she says this is
a huge bottle of cologne and I just
smelled it it's amazing oh it's like so
it's like one of those one of those
original I love it where it shows guess
battle can get it like a boot super drug
I mean maybe not this guy okay but it's
one of those you know I love it it's so
old I mean this is like I don't know
hundreds of years old
oMG original that's a fancy one that
laughing okay so this is Dominique I've
met a bunch of times what is your
official title I'm P DNA and you are
literally like a woman on a mission like
every time I've seen you you're like on
it yeah you know what you're doing where
you're going and we were talking all
about Fashion Week and how scary it was
the first time you went very scary a
first season is always a really
difficult one because you walk into a
room as I call these new girls and you
don't know who they are but the second
season is always better because your
familiar face yeah so I went one year
and I said that I've really never gone
back because it's too scary yeah but I
think I've been inspired and now I'm
gonna go over to the other side let's
see I just feel like I'm like part of
the team
part of the office I think they're gonna
be glad to get rid of me too many
cameras okay so this is Rebecca what is
your actual title I'm Beatle sent your
beauty assistant I'm too low oh okay all
right guys since a down so I went to the
team meeting this morning and you read
out all the stories the top story yeah
so that's like a big part of your job so
when you get in you look at what do you
do you get to work and then what um I
work more for print and that are online
girl is not here so I mean yeah but I
work for both printed online so first in
the morning got to check like breaking
news if there's anything for beauty and
then as the day slows down then start
with my print stuff so Wow
and Alessandra was saying you wear fake
lashes all the time yeah yeah begging
all day every day yeah I'm looking at
the right now they're like this long
he's a quite short day for mine with
zoom in my usual Wow how do you stand
that I thought she quick of me the
mascara takes up stage okay I'm sorry
so I just put lashes on do you ever get
like lash extensions or you're not in
today no yeah just straight lashes
oh my god okay well I mean I can't do it
I list you like I remember trying the
first time and like halfway through the
day it just like fell off and someone's
like oh your eyelash just like off so
just made it back home and look at these
light that they that they've put in here
this is a little bigger than what we're
used to Reggie's like mom like
going on so alex is currently out yeah
well Wow
it's huge so alex is currently outside
filming a little intro and then we're
going to be filming a little segment in
here which is going to be coming out in
October so I'm really really excited
so Alessandra and as wen and I are
trying to act all natural but um this is
happening so that's kind of weird but uh
yeah that's what we're doing right now
okay
supernatural supernatural so we have
just finished filming that's a wrap
looking at like she's madly texting um
but it was really really cool I think
it's gonna be a really fun video so make
sure you guys go check it out I will
have course hat linked down below um
yeah good good time it's very fun very
very fun I think you guys are gonna love
it and Alex what did you think of it did
you enjoy I enjoyed my first ever
experience being on a flog as well but
the others can I just say no but can I
just say your house is so lovely and
Reggie it's like my life then one could
dream up all and I think this video I
think you know it's going to be really
interesting and you've said a lot of
things that I think you know the glamour
readers sure never heard before so yay
oh thank you so much for coming so cool
and I'm back in my pajamas I hope you
guys love seeing the behind the scenes
make sure you go check out the real
video on the glamour YouTube channel it
was so cool it was just like such an
honor to even do that I'm just still
buzzing from it so definitely go check
it out and leave a comment I'm gonna
reply to all the comments so I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog it was a
little bit different because it was from
a couple months ago but um it was just
too cool not to show you guys so I will
see you tomorrow with the regular
scheduled programming bye thank you to
everybody who came oh I'm so nervous to
do I know you all have like a million
and one other things you could be doing
because that is our lives we're all so
busy and crazy it's been such an
interesting experience working on bloom
I've had such an amazing team at Ebury
so I want to give a huge shout out to
them and thank you to them because
