good morning everyone I just got out of
the shower and I am NOT drinking a cup
of tea mmm it's like my favorite thing
to do is to have a hot cup of tea
waiting for me when I exit the shower I
actually like prep the sea bring it up
to the bathroom with me
and take a swig is that a weird thing to
admit maybe is it the truth yes so today
I have to get ready because it's
actually a really fun day so today is
actually the Blue Book blogger launch
party so I've invited loads of my
blogger friends and my IRL friends who
are not bloggers to this party it's an
East London today in the afternoon
because I'm a grandma and I don't like
to party too late
so it's not 11 o'clock and it's now 8
o'clock so I have to get ready about a
few things to do before that I don't
know what to wear because it's kind of
chilly I kind of want to wear a dress
and like dress it up because it's like a
nice occasion so I will report back on
what I actually decide to wear but I
think I'm gonna wear this dress I'll
show you I'll show you what I actually
have clothes on for now I'm just gonna
have another sip of tea you have to wear
sunscreen inside and I just bought
oceanfront property in Indiana
when it comes to being green I think I'm
killing it I live alone
I haven't procreated I Drive an electric
car so I put my dress on I'm gonna show
you the full length when I'm finally
ready but I was saying to us when I'm
like what color lipstick do you think I
should wear and normally he just like
wanders off and doesn't say anything but
today he was like dark lip so I think he
knows the lingo by now so I'm gonna go
for a dark lip that's like this maroon
color of this dress I don't know though
because I just hope it lasts I'm gonna
be doing a lot too talking the last
thing I need is like the color to fade
and to have maroon lipstick all over my
teeth but are you gonna be on lipstick
check all day today what's the code if
it gets on my teeth or something right
from Red Rum
that's our code for everything like when
we see somebody in the street we were
trying to avoid he'll look at me and be
like Redrum and then we'll just both
turn around and go the opposite
direction also can I just say this I
don't know if any of you guys have
partners boyfriends girlfriends partners
who are super fit because ashlynn is
like 2007 working out and his bob is
like rock hard solid and it makes me
feel so shitty like he just went for
like a 45-minute run outside and I'm
just like wow I am a complete lump of
chat that's how I feel I got to get on
top of this I got to get on top of this
this is the thing he enjoys it as you
guys know if you watched my personal
best video I hate it
so yeah gotta get on top of that but I
feel like I need to just get through
this next couple of weeks as Sons
nodding his head like just get through
the next movies and I'm hormonal so I
just feel like if I start messing about
I was like don't don't do it as you can
I am now in a car I've been sent a car
to take me to my event which is pretty
cool I forgot to show you guys my outfit
but I'll show you when we get to the
place there was a bit of a situation
because it was between heeled boots and
trainers and I went with trainers as
ones that I should have gone with the
boots but I don't know now he's not
speaking to me so anyway I'll show you
guys my outfit when I get there we are
on our way the event is in East London
so that's good so we've just made it to
the space and I guess I can show you my
outfit in this handy little mirror here
so I am wearing this dress which is by
steena Oya I don't know if it's Stein
Goya or steena but I think it's Deena
so yeah it's just like cool little dress
I didn't wear leggings but I'm slightly
regretting it and I wear my silver
common projects because I wanted to keep
it like dressy but casual anyway this is
the space it is so cool
it's called Liberia it is the most
gorgeous book place ever and I think
we'll get some really cool pictures in
here and there's like this amazing
banner right here so we can take some
pictures in front of that and stuff so
it's really cool George and Bailey are
here Ariel
Greg's just starting out doing and Matt
and Emily so the party is getting pumpin
like my channel subscribe lots of family
stuff very big penis what guys we have a
celeb in the house it's Jamie leg pretty
good yeah got the nails to match yeah I
feel like you'd appreciate that of
course you are amazing and you've got a
very cool outfit on let's do it outfit
of the day love it is pretty tight no
but good it really drives my company I
can't get out of the cab welcome to my
world
but when you were given your earth plane
which was yes I read I think you were
told that meant that you would always
know you all have like a million and one
other things you could be doing because
that is our lives we're all so busy and
crazy it's been such an interesting
experience we're here on bloom I've had
such an amazing team at every so I want
to give a huge shout out to them and
thank you to them because there is a lot
that goes into a book you may not know
but it is very intense um so I want to
thank them I also want to thank my team
at storm or back here somewhere and
there's Simon right there front row it's
so much through everything and just
building excitement around bloom has
been so fun and it's such an interesting
project for me because I worked on it
for over a year and it's really like the
first project I've worked on for a long
time like this so that's good um I have
to thank Aslan of course my boyfriend
who's gonna be very embarrassed but he
is my soul mate my rock don't want to
get emotional but
and I am not the easiest to deal with
sometimes despite all your nice words
I'm a bit intense so she's been really
helpful throughout the whole thing
thanks thanks to George as well he took
the cover photo for me he's amazing
you ever need photos George and that's
it I think thank you all for being here
and I hope you enjoy the book
guys Briana just got here but it does
over here and guess who they brought a
very special does she have any nicknames
are you just calling her how precious
she's gonna be grown up one of these
days like right here my squad is here
leave eyeliner Oh Matt got a new tattoo
it's actually a cover-up tattoo and I
haven't seen it yet
oh my god I'm allowed to touch it or
something I don't know why I like the
first thing I want to do is watch
something I love that part right there
wow I cannot believe it was like to
cover up a previous tattoo you can't
even see the other one
I don't know how that works this is just
really really experience yeah
are you happy with it where did you get
it done in case anyone wonders so live
first of all she got me these amazing
flowers which are right here but she
also gave me this card and her
handwriting is just life isn't it Wow
anyway she writes on the back he's still
writing books which I love so I'm going
to destroy this card and open it now
this is lives amazing card
oh thanks live in show she's so lovely
and she also got me this plant lever pin
and this amazing embroidered patch which
says bloom where you were planted oh my
god like literally best friends ever
they're so amazing I just put the
flowers in of Oz and they look so
beautiful oh my gosh I love them I don't
know what this flower is here but that
is so cool and don't you guys love my
bloom inspired nails I was really
impressed with myself actually these
beautiful flowers were just sent to me
by bloom and wild and it's really cool
because they fit right through my
letterbox in my door so you don't have
to like wait around for your delivery
and they just come in this really
compact box and then you this is not
sponsored by the way I just think this
is really cool and then the flowers are
protected and you just hard to do this
with just one hand but you remove the
little sheath like so and then you can
put the beautiful stem in here oh I love
them well guys the funds has truly
stopped I am now back at my desk well it
hasn't stopped I shouldn't say that I'm
working on the newsletter that I put out
while it was supposed to be monthly but
sometimes life gets in the way you don't
do it monthly I'm sorry about that guys
but if you're not subscribed to my
newsletter you can do it on my website
so a stay lalangue calm check it out
it's cool so I'm just doing that and
that's all I really want to update you
on I just had an amazing time at the
lunch party this morning I was so
overwhelmed by everybody who came I had
that like moment last night where I was
like nobody's gonna come it's gonna be
so embarrassing and one of everybody
hates the book and like all this stuff
but everybody was so complimentary and
I'm just so thankful that all my friends
could come and it was just such a fun
time I'm really really really happy also
I think I called the place Liberia
it's actually library ax so kind of
screwed that up
um not Liberia not in Liberia its
library uh but it was a really cool
venue it's a cool book store anyway in
East London so if you ever want to go to
a cool book store it's a cool book store
it's pretty normal I'm being a total
fashion icon it's a very windy but I'm
hoping my little micro buffs will help
that just taking a reg out on his last
walk of the evening Wow
somebody is stalking me because even
though he just had his dinner I think he
wants a little treat and he deserves one
he really deserves one okay see ya so I
thought it would be a great idea to make
Aslan some chocolate chip cookies
and buy fake Aslan some chocolate chip
cookies I actually made baked myself
some cookies because I want some and I
make some damn good chocolate chip
cookies so I'm just looking up the
recipe I always just Google Canadian
chocolate chip cookies don't ask why
that's just what I've always done who
should I make up male chocolate chips
they need you oatmeal chocolate chip so
I just made the batter I have to have
just finished touring it and I realized
I have no chocolate chips and no
chocolate so I think these are just
gonna become oatmeal cookies but still
good I had a little a little taste and
it's pretty good the cookies are all
done and I think Aslan maybe went for
one already were they any good
tell me that tell me
honest truth because I didn't have any
chocolate chips they are amazing cuz the
rice is nice and crispy on the outside
but soft on the inside I just got out of
the bathtub which was beautiful
chef nice rice is what I see nice
relaxing bath and now I think we're
gonna chill out and prep for this event
I'm doing tomorrow so I'm gonna vlog
tomorrow as well and I will see you
tomorrow right indeed it's gonna be fun
I think yeah it's gonna be really fun
for another breaking book book yeah yeah
okay alright I'm just in the midst of
unpacking my suitcase oh but I just
thought I'd get it out of the way and
aslan even though he didn't even have a
suitcase has to put his clothes away no
time has not coming yes the time has
come because I'm home now Bailey and
this is a tight ship I'm running
