richy's so beautiful oh my gosh guys he
was like a leg down when you all you
could see his little teeth and his
little tongue guys it is really really
freezing outside like way colder than it
was in New York I think Reggie's gonna
have to start wearing his coat full-time
now not in the house but outside like
and even I'm freezing so I think I need
to do a coat switch up because um this
is not cutting it I'm frozen luckily for
me and Reggie the jet like wasn't
actually that bad this morning I woke up
I went to sleep at about midnight and I
woke up at 7:00 so this time
how are you how you feeling after your
transatlantic flight yesterday I'm
feeling alright darling and actually not
too bad at all went to sleep at around
midnight woke up at 7:00 that pay that's
not bad considering the whatever jet
bike situation walk the baby and he's
good now I'm having an egg are you happy
to have me home or was it
no I like it's pouring light you guys
are home well I mean Reggie was hit but
you know you guys collectively when your
hair Reggie brings the party as well
we're gonna do a little to booty does
impression here here we go come on oh
yeah you can't fall asleep always
tossing turning well look at this eat it
she's dead already don't want this bed
okay I'll stop alright so it is 9
o'clock and I am going to try to catch
up on some editing because as you guys
know it is vlog EULA and a lot of people
are like what is vlog EULA and I thought
about it a long time ago it was like
last year and I was like this is the
best thing ever
cuz it like kind of sounds like Dracula
but it turns out nobody actually knows
what it means but it's instead of vlog
Tober I'm doing vlog EULA come on guys
work with me err Dracula I know some
editing and Reggie is giving himself a
little bath on his bed so I'm just in
the midst of unpacking my suitcase oh
but I just thought I'd get out of the
way and Aslan even though he didn't even
have a suitcase has to put his clothes
away no time has not coming yes the time
has come because I'm home now baby and
this is a tight ship I'm running can I
just say as well that I was gone for
five days and Aslan did not get
groceries once he made a gigantic order
at the Chinese takeaway and
lived off that for the past five days he
didn't water my flowers so they died
this man has fallen apart so the other
day in New York I went and I got this
facial and after the facial they made me
this drink they call it the elixir and
these are the this is the recipe here so
if you want to screen grab that you can
if you want anyway I liked it so much
and you guys know I don't like weird
healthy things at all but I bought all
the ingredients so this is called some
potion rice brand solubles I also got
this which I'm going to butcher the name
now but I think it's he shoe don't even
know what that is I'm gonna google it
and some coconut butter it was basically
like a tea without tea like it tasted
kind of in the middle between tea and
hot chocolate but there's no chocolate
in it it just felt like a really nice
warm drink and I loved it so I wanted to
try to make it at home probably won't be
able to do it as well as they did but in
case you guys care I also wanted to show
you guys what I actually bought after I
got my facial so I picked up this rawa
body shower gel I said in the last vlog
that I use their body oil so I thought
that would be nice to have it matching
and I also got the Tasha Harper
hydrating floral essence another quick
walk around the block for this little
boy walk walk walk walk walk walk walk
walk so we have now ventured to the
grocery store and I've only noticed that
the battery is dead so it might die but
we're not doing anything exciting we're
literally just getting groceries so far
oranges
while clementines Nana's and these super
cute little ginger bread cookies just
because data Thanks
the lion's mane has done it again he has
made a delicious dinner for us basically
yes that's exactly it
like delicious dinner yes anything
cooked so as what made this chicken and
these are patatas bravas am I saying
that right he's not sure either but it's
like a seasoned Spanish potato is that
right and we're just heating up the
vegetables and we'll be ready to a
rumble so excited we just you guys know
we went grocery shopping we've got a
full fridge now all that beef is
Reggie's just as an FYI we don't like
make lasagna every day Reggie eats that
I love lasagna and so would read you but
he's never had it before maybe one day
we'll try it
so now after dinner Aslan and I are
watching a movie together
is it cold submarine hmm it's called
submarine and Aslan's been wanting to
watch it for a while so it's finally
time we're about halfway through it and
I really like it so far do you cute like
Reggie anyway guys I will be and not I
will not be blogging tomorrow because
I'm literally doing nothing that's not
true but I'm just gonna be at my desk
all day but I will see you the day after
and by the way I do have an event in
London on Thursday October 6th Thursday
October 6th I'm gonna have the
information in the description box the
tickets are sold out but anyone can come
after 8 p.m. but I will leave all the
info in the description box below I'd
love it if you guys came you can come
get a book and I can sign it and we can
mingle mccann chat and it's gonna be
really fun so I'm going to end it here
but I will see you in the next vlog vlog
eula in October bye
hey thanks for stopping by guys
I'll see you later but I'm too busy
sleeping at the moment so I could have
some privacy please please don't disturb
