good morning
good morning Reggie's Pig okay that was
weird knows your voice you're like sorry
I was like it's the first time I spoke
all morning but that's not true I've
literally been talking all morning long
anyway we are walking Reggie and I'm so
happy to see that the little flowers are
blooming although they are struggling so
it's a bit cold today I also want to
introduce you to my new friends this
massive zit which has been on my face
for like five days and will go away so
that's what we're going to be looking at
today as ever I was like his name is
Everest
anyway we got back from Lisbon yesterday
and there won't be a vlog on this
channel but Aslan is going to edit all
the footage he took together and put the
vlog up on his channel because he does
beautiful things and he wanted to and
that's good wait so if you're not
already subscribed to Adams channel its
youtube.com slash lion's mane Li 0n SMA
ne1 so go subscribe and make sure you
check out the lisbon vlog which will be
up in a couple of days from now I
thought I'd love to make haven't really
blogged just like a normal day in a
while it's just a Saturday me and
Everest got some things to do but it's a
really casual day and you guys always
say you like my casual vlogs so casual
you're going to receive today because
it's the day of unpacking cleaning going
to the gym getting groceries etc so hope
you enjoy that I am washing Reggie's
duvet covers because they stank
something so soothing about having your
washing machine going I'll tell you that
I've also noticed I'm completely out
almost of washing tablets and fabric
softener is my favorite fabric software
if you care
I love ferry not spawn just really love
ferry so I need to pick someone
today time to have a cup of tea I
haven't had a couple of Yorkshire gold
in like four five days so I got a
hankering got a hankering for it okay
poppy on the falsi that's the doorbell
obsessed with Aslan's Louisa rube jumper
if you guys don't know who Louie through
is I fell out the comments with people
being like who's that guy on your
t-shirt and your sweater Louie through
is a dawn yeah he is um documentary
maker extraordinaire yeah I remember
when I first moved to the UK like seven
years ago as I'm joking who Louie
through was and I was like oh my god I
fell in love with him instantly
who doesn't I am you feel that amazing
kind of character where he's just so
approachable but you already get them
then get them back yeah so he has slowed
the documentary nice if you want to
watch them what are some standout ones
for you like for me still my favorite I
like the wid weekend one enjoy his old
woman right you'd like go to different
strange groups around the world
yeah and with the weekends with them I
really like the one he did in the prison
that was intense
that was an intense one and I liked the
one he did with the swinger that was
good
so yeah they're funny but they're also
really informative so I'll go check it
out if you're to play with me
I'm just watching Riverdale on my phone
picks my laptop's upstairs but yeah I'm
into Riverdale you're not so much I'm
also eating a little bit of granola
before my workout this is the smallest
Bowl we have but you'd be surprised at
how small a serving of granola is isn't
that right like you get like I used to
just like get a huge bowl and fill it up
but I realized that's like five servings
of granola unfortunately most of the
seven times
that mighty Riverdale lovely Saturday
morning Reggie love it just left the gym
I go to third base and power bridge
should be care mainly because I love the
view when you leave it's so beautiful
makes me feel alive speaking of feeling
alive I think I'm dead
my brother always laughed so hard that
my face did so red but you can't say I
don't work hard I feel like I nailed
this class which is so rare for me
because normally like ten minutes and
I'm unfocused but to the entire our
class I was focused I didn't quit I feel
good about that but I look I look like a
red something I was like a tomato oh my
god and Everest is getting more and more
agitated as the minutes go by oh I'm
just going to go to the grocery store
now and that's about it
okay I need to catch my Oh another thing
the teachers I had the discipline class
was he was very very handsome man
and he played really good music and
include Kanye West which I never really
get to groove to in spring class but
it's good groove to I'm so I'm so cool
groove to a groove to Kanye West is what
a date looks like eight years and I'll
meet at Tesco laughter Jim
let's see what happens got oh my god
this is a fairy ad I was talking about
how much I love fairy and I come in he
felt like a basket full of fairies yeah
it was we do love fairy as what in juvey
smooth it has like the least amount of
sense
no yeah the scent is nice yeah so I
don't we got our cleaning supplies what
else do we need I'm hungry okay I got
something large but we do have quick
coming in today I've decided I want to
take a little Saturday afternoon bath so
I'm going to decide what I want to you
definitely going to put some of these
magnesium place in these are really cool
you can just get them at like most
drugstores
it sets aid skin and bone elf and relief
for muscle stiffness so I usually
sprinkle handful in like that and I'm
going to put a little bit of this Neal's
Yard foaming bath I have not tried this
before so let's see how it goes
sweet nothing else mom gosh I don't know
a bit more it's not really coming out
very fast as one is grooving just some
wrap and putting his clothes away
unpacking which is very good I'm going
to do that after I have a best we have a
squad lots of stuff to clean up I'm
going to wash my face with this pie
cleanser which is really great and then
I'm going to put on this mask from fresh
it's their Umbreon clay mattifying mask
is one of my all-time favorite masks as
you can see I use it all the time it's
actually almost empty so I'm going to
just finish up the rest so I'm out of
the bath now and I just popped a little
bit of this on well I took the first
mask off and then I put a little bit of
this on I'm just in my towel but let's
put it all over my face including my
lips and I think that fresh mask did
help my spot some weird stuff was going
on it turned white so I'm hoping that's
a good thing
but yeah this is what my face looks like
right now I'm boiling
I should really unpack those I don't
want to okay
unpack the way I unpack if I take
everything out put it onto the bed and
then I put it away
so I'll do phase one of taking
everything out and putting a suitcase
away and putting my crap on the bed it
Reggie has his fresh new bed he actually
loves having a fresh bed don't you bitch
do you I see you too
toy sticking out there this isn't cool
we always take Reggie to the park on
Saturdays but today I'm afraid we're not
going to be able to as one has a little
I'll actually know what it is this a
photographer gathering where they drink
beer and talk about camera stuff so
that's what they're doing it's like cool
photographer thing so he's leaving for
that in like 15 or 20 minutes but we
wouldn't have had time to go but we're
going to take Reggie to the park
tomorrow so he always goes to the big
part on the weekend anyway I'm gonna use
this day to my advantage by the way I
think the masking helped it looks red
but it's flatter if that makes sense so
feel good about that and it just feels
good to just like take it back chill yes
I am just going to drink a big glass of
water answer some emails that I've been
neglecting all week long and then I'm
going to take Reggie for a long
lunchtime walk normally he just goes out
for like five or ten minutes at
lunchtime but today we'll see how far he
wants to go sometimes doesn't want to go
far at all
it's up to him choose your own adventure
today Ridge surprise he is too lazy and
wants to go right back home go oh go to
a park oh those birds play with the ball
the park boys
he doesn't wanna go so I'm pretty
starving not going to lie and a food
delivery occurred when I was in the
bathtub so I'll show you guys a few
things we got because I am looking for
something okey-dokey
um as long as obsessed with this protein
yogurt
this is Reggie's that he eats um also
berries these are like my oh my god
they're like my weakness guys Waitrose
chicken pie these are so bad for you but
so tasty
let's see what else I can maybe make
we've got lots of vegetables in here see
what I can scrounge up in a way yes the
entire top shelf in our fridge is
dedicated to Allen's film apparently it
keeps better in the fridge I don't know
but yes never had this before but as one
must have ordered it you hungry because
I just can't you treat my love I just
gave you something this is my lunch
British pulls beef chili with black
Marley hmm looks interesting I'm going
to heat it up
I do have an allergy to beans it's
really strange guys like I just
developed an allergy to all types of
beans black beans kidney beans red beans
brown beans so I can eat chickpeas it's
really strange now I kind of eat it it
just makes my throat itchy but I love
them so I'm going to see how it goes
sometimes I'm allergic sometimes or not
so I'm going to keep this up and see how
it bakes and if my throat closes and I
die then that's that will be good but no
it's not undisturbed it's not that bad
an allergy just a little bit little
itchy latina I just had a little
spoonful and it is really really good so
tasty
oh it's bugging out oh yes I'm going to
enjoy this now if you don't mind by the
way I've been spending a lot of peace
amount of time on my blog and I feel
like lots of people either don't know or
forget that I have a blog but I have
really I think they're interesting
I have lots of interesting posts on here
lots of different stuff so if you
haven't checked it out definitely go
check it out it's just s de la langue
calm but I just put up a blog post all
about the bath the weekend that I had so
I kind of talked through the outfit and
then I also just put up a post featuring
the new bare minerals kit that is in
collaboration with Ingrid she has her
own collaboration with bare minerals
love it so go check that out yeah just a
little a little reminder if you haven't
checked out the blog in a while go check
it out
well gang I started today off energetic
and strong uh and I had high hopes for
what I could accomplish today but I have
spent the last two hours on the couch
watching Netflix and now we're at snow
break I sadly finished up watching the
good wish with one of the cheesiest
shows ever about a witch who's not
actually a witch she just has some good
intuition it is super Canadian and I
loved it so I actually ran out of the
Netflix episodes however someone left me
a comment saying that it's like a movie
there were like a bunch of movies
beforehand and I schooled it and there's
like 20 million thousand movies about
the Good Witch
so getting kind of excited about that
got to figure out I can watch those like
immediately anyway it's 4:30 now I have
to take a little gravy outside I feel
like my whole life is just taking this
dog outside I mean I don't mind I like
it but I'm just sick it's like a lot of
a lot of outdoors time with him but it's
raining so I might have to just wait a
little bit because he doesn't like to go
outside the ring so yeah I guess I'll
just wait another 10 minutes and if it
doesn't let up I'm just going to have to
go outside anyway put his raincoat on
although he hates his raincoat so
hopefully it doesn't come to that
unfortunately it has started raining and
Reggie just not of his coat on because
it wasn't raining when we left but it's
okay it's just drizzling so we're in the
park
nothing too exciting to report
dinnertime we're having brown rice
chicken and some vegetables simple
dinner
it's a goodie it's an oldie but a goodie
how is your event good yeah
good setup lovely people yes looks like
emilie's yes enjoyed it yeah you were
there like the entire time it just
talked about
shutter speed aperture reciprocity times
reciprocity yeah the people who knew
about me Damien Wow cool so let's dig in
with a lovely dinner and now
unfortunately it's time to tidy this
place up so we are going to go do that
and I think that's it we're going to
wrap it up I hope you guys enjoy hanging
out with me on a normal everyday
Saturday hopefully next time I see you
everest will have died but yeah that's
it i'll see you in the next vlog
