good morning everybody I am back in New
York and I'm just sitting like a
complete weirdo on this thing's I'm
trying to get the best light but
whatever we're just gonna go with this
I've been here for it's all such a blur
but I've been here for two days already
I have not been vlogging because
honestly I've just been doing press for
the book which is really fun and really
exciting but it wouldn't really be
exciting for you guys to watch a vlog
about it today is a Friday and it's
actually my day off so well I have one
interview this morning and then about
the rest of the day off and I'm gonna go
do some shopping with Paula who's here
from storm she's kind of like my
publicist so she's it's it sounds so
crazy to even like say that I have one
of those like I don't even really even
know what a freaking publicist is but I
have one but she works at storm so
anyway um I don't know why I'm telling
you guys all this but I thought maybe
you'd wonder who Paula is but she's just
here to be with me during the interviews
and everything make sure everything is
going smoothly
um and so we've got the day off and I
think we're gonna go shopping she's
never had a dough doughnut before and
I'd love to show her what they're all
about so we're gonna go there later but
first I have to go down to the hotel
lobby and do a quick interview so I'm
gonna try to stay awake I am really
suffering with the jetlag these days I
will report back in a second okay finish
the meeting and I became so sleepy due
to jet lag so I had to come back to the
room and just sleep for like 25 or 30
minutes but it's still quite early it's
10 o'clock in the afternoon
no it's 10 o'clock in the morning anyway
I just wanted to show you guys the view
from the hotel so this is the view it
was so cool one thing I will say is that
it is like non-stop honking all morning
and all night like it is crazy how many
horns I have heard since I've been in
this city but um I mean look at it it's
just so stunningly gorgeous even when
it's raining outside so
I think it's time for us to go venture
outside and go shopping I feel really
fashion forward today with my outfit no
I'm totally kidding guys I'm just
wearing whatever is comfortable which
today includes a denim jacket a sweater
tee shirt leggings trainers these are
from adidas by Stella McCartney and so
is this gray sweater this is a leap eyes
denim jacket just a white t-shirt
leggings yeah so that's that's so look
I'm going for today Paul and I are
outside and it's pouring rain I was
telling them about the horns which are
just awful and Aliens them yeah it's
like so weird so now we're trying to
find some places to go shopping but it
is really raining everybody seems kind
of upset about it so guys I am back in
the hotel room I know you were probably
expecting me to be blogging our amazing
shopping day but my tummy started
hurting so badly I'm not sure like why I
don't want to repulse you
but I think it was like potential food
poisoning situation so I had to come
back to the room and I've just been like
lying on the bed not sleeping just
laying here like oh just mmm
poor tummy so I feel like
I don't like complaining that's a lie I
love complaining but I'm trying not to
complain but um yeah so anyway I just
ordered something to eat because I had a
little bit of oatmeal this morning for
breakfast but it's now 3 o'clock in the
afternoon and I haven't eaten anything
since then so I ordered a bagel actually
so I ordered a bagel just really simple
and some fruit and some tea so hopefully
I can eat this without being sick but
yeah I feel like I need some sustenance
I called my mom which is what I always
do when I'm not feeling well it was like
mom I feeling sick
just lay down order some toast so that's
exactly what I did
all right gang I have emerged from my
room still raining but I am off to cap
beauty which is like a natural beauty
store and I'm gonna get a facial so I
had this appointment for a while so I
gots to go and it's a 25 minute walk
from my hotel so I'm going to brave the
rain in order to have amazing skin how
sick do I look right now let's go into
ten everybody outside of New York right
now it's just like so wet so cold
everybody's walking their dogs and
everybody's running as well I just saw
the cute little Italian Greyhound I just
think it was so with it but hate me miss
ritchi
okay guys after 25 minutes I made it
it's right up there on the left it's
called cap beauty so let's go in oh it
looks so beautiful there's lots of
plants it's busy in there too no just
hold her so cute everyone this is I wish
the camera would focus on your beautiful
face she kind of gives it up for the
camera she's all the way from Puerto
Rico and she was on the Anderson Cooper
show so this is a famous dog right here
red she's got some competition okay
amazing so guys this store is absolutely
amazing insane I am gonna have to do a
little shopping spree after I'm done
with my facial but this is one of my
favorite ranges rawa I actually used
this body oil this morning there's loads
and stuff from Tata Harper and lots of
brands I've never heard of before Oh
check this out there's a little bit of
I really love so this is just a really
really cool Otero guide book oh my gosh
guys I'm in heaven right now
hey everyone is actually the next
morning I did not vlog when I got home
for my facial because my tummy just
started hurting so badly oh my god it
was so awful I was genuinely like
looking up where the nearest hospital
was because I was like in that much pain
I have no idea what caused it I'm really
like it must have been like some kind of
food poisoning but I've never really
felt that kind of feeling before it just
left because I was like you know Aslan
wasn't here and he's normally like you
know my takes care of me and then after
my facial I bought a few things and I
had like a paper bag and I was walking
back to the hotel and because it was
raining so hard the bag ripped and all
of my stuff fell in the middle of the
street and nobody would help me and I
was like trying to collect all my stuff
and then I went into like three stores
and asked them if they'd give me another
bag to like carry my stuff in and none
of them would nobody would give me a bag
it was the weirdest thing ever
I'm like you need to buy something it's
we can't just give you a bag with you've
to buy something and I was like I
literally just want one bag so um that
sucked
so it's feeling a little sorry for
myself what looks like a drowned rat as
well and then yeah I got like the hotel
my stomach was just like oh my gosh
shouldn't like the worst pain ever and I
was so panicked because you know the
next day is beautycon today is beautycon
and it's a really full day and I have
like you know loads of people to me and
I just have to be like feeling good and
oh my god I was so scared but I woke up
this morning and I feel okay so that's
the update um I went to sleep at like
9:30 and I just woke up and it is 6:30
so I got a lot of sleep I'm glad I'm
feeling good very very glad I'm feeling
good so I'm going to start getting ready
and go to beauty con
good morning again everyone from New
York I'm looking at that amazing view
again it's gorgeous
luckily if you saw yesterday's whoa
y'all know that I was feeling very sick
luckily this morning I'm feeling a lot
better like a lot better so I'm really
thankful because today is a big day
today's beautycon day I have to do
something with my hair and something
with my face but I do have my outfit on
I'm also wearing my skull ring which
some of you guys might remember I got
that a while ago um yeah just found
these in my suitcase so that's good
because if you saw on Twitter I forgot
all my jewelry which was like you know
hard moment for me anyway I am just
gonna carry on getting ready and I will
see you when I get some breakfast okay
so I ordered some breakfast to the room
I think I was so cute oh my god I just
wanted to like squeeze him hug him but
yeah I don't even know what I'm telling
you guys this cuz you didn't experience
it but um he was very cute anyway I'll
show you what I got for breakfast so I
got some granola because I thought let's
keep it keep it good for the tummy I
also got a big bottle of water some
mixed berries and some tea
with almond milk oops this granola is so
delish
it is like a legit like tastes like
apple pie or something they put like
loads of cinnamon in it mmm I'm really
enjoying this mmm
we just came to the W Hotel to pick up
my wristband and look there are a little
doggie treats a little bowl of water
just made it inside beautycon and it is
already so crazy it feels like a
clubbing here everybody is super excited
so this is like the actual beautycon
down here you can see like how busy it
is already and it's like not even 11
a.m. so it's pretty crazy guys this is
crazy I just found my booth and beauty
god it's so cool and my beautiful book
is there it's so crazy to see its hang
out of my stands and these girls are
tough to get my book which is absolutely
crazy what are your names
hi Anna what's your name and no money oh
I'm so excited this is the first time
I've ever witnessed someone getting my
books I'm really excited
I'm just staring at my books but I'm
also staring at all these people who
come to Gary arm
it was me
all right guys so I'm back in my room
now as you can see I've washed my face
and I'm just getting all my stuff
together so I'm just packing everything
for tomorrow morning my cab is picking
me up at 5 a.m. so I'm really sleepy and
I've also got the lion's mane on the
FaceTime right now he's like don't do
this to me it's really late in London so
you're sleepy anyway guys I'm gonna wrap
it up here I hope you enjoyed coming
along and I will see you in the next
vlog eula bye so I just put my makeup on
and I have to say the sunlight is doing
me a lot of favors right now because
it's making my eyes look super blue and
it's making this lipstick look pop it
yeah sorry I'm just staring at myself
like a creeper so I've been working out
a couple of blog posts
