good morning everyone it is bright and
early on Monday morning I just woke up
and I've got my gym clothes on because
I'm going to the gym hashtag personal
best I really don't feel like it but you
know I need to I haven't been to the gym
for a week because I don't I'm not gonna
make any excuse but I haven't been to
the gym for a week so I need to like go
get my blood pumpin I have a lot of
stuff to do today today's kind of a day
to just like get as many things done as
humanly possible
I'm on a shoot all day tomorrow so I'm
gonna be gone all day tomorrow and then
the day after that bright and early I'm
flying back to New York so it's been
like the craziest month ever but it's
really fun stuff but it's just like I am
a homebody so it's like a bit stressful
for me to like always be on the go but
good times good good time so I'm going
to go to the gym and I'll see when I'm
hot and sweaty I'm just eating my peanut
butter toast but I so know I have just
learned a very interesting fact do you
want them say this but a lot of research
went into this and it's a long story but
we're not gonna tell you we're just
gonna tell you the fact no we're told a
story okay okay so I stay was getting a
head ride and the guy was drying hair
was Italian and he kept on saying the
words but ghetto not spaghetti but
spaghetti so I'm like what the hell is a
spaghetti notice we get these I was like
why is he saying spaghetto not so we I
need ya so goo that and if I find out
that a spaghetto is just a single strand
likeness of spaghetti so the single
strand of spaghetti oh but when all the
SpaghettiOs get together they come to
guys make spaghetti for anything like
what about rice with the single grain of
rice right so basically you didn't know
that yeah
I think that's interesting yeah Columbia
crazy so I've spent the last couple of
hours packing I'm always surprised at
how long it actually takes to pack but
what I've done differently this time is
I've packed each packing cube with
individual outfits so these are my
pajamas this is my workout stuff this is
an outfit that's like jeans and these
slip ons this isn't Opeth it's like a
dress and a rusty colored jacket the one
from my hole got my bags here this is
what I'm gonna wear to beautycon it's
just uh what you'll see but it's like
black and white
strewth stripes and then this is what is
this again oh this is like boyfriend
jeans and a little blazer so I'm only
there for four days but I wanted to pack
five outfits does that make sense
one two three four oh and the fifth one
is the one I'm wearing on my body right
now
so yes that is what I've been doing the
blue out of breath but everything's
gonna work out there's always enough
time for a spot of tea how are you my
love so much better now that I've been
sunny caffeinated I was having a regular
cup of tea with a couple of digestive
biscuits which I surprised him with are
you a dunker and I'm having my
peppermint and licorice tea so this is
very enjoyable so I just put my makeup
on and I have to say the sunlight is
doing me a lot of favors right now
because it's making my eyes look super
blue and it's making this lipstick look
poppin so I've been working on a couple
of blog posts just now and I'm working
on another one to do with the lipstick
I'm wearing today this is by Armani and
I'm working on a post that features all
18 shades so I've got to get swatching
on my arm all 18 shades let's see if we
can do this so I've managed to swatch
these ones this is just the first lot
and I think the colors are so beautiful
I especially love the sort of middle
shades so just gonna let them dry a
little bit and then take a picture I'm
just
to the penguin offices now which are
located right in there
so I think I can cross the street now
doo doo doo - which is there's not much
traffic today which is weird weird but
great
I'm so excited and weirdly happy right
now I wish I wasn't alone in this room
but I am just oh just me just me but you
guys are here with me so check this out
I have to sign all these books and
there's many more underneath the desk so
I have to sign them and I have never
signed to one of my own books before so
I'm gonna do that now I'm really really
really happy as when was supposed to
come with me today but he had a few
errands that he had to run but if I vlog
it he's here in spirit so I am really
looking forward to this I know it sounds
weird like really looking forward to
signing for like two hours but I really
am and you guys I don't gosh on and on
about the book but it just means so much
to me I'm just so so happy with it so I
better get signing that your heart yeah
okay
kind of messed up but it's okay
I was surprised by my favorite StormTeam
don't promote anyone else's book Simon
this is Lou this is Emily and this is
Simon so they've just come to be
supportive it's amazing and I signed all
the books now so that's it
all done Oh biggest fan right here is
Lou so I just walked into this room and
there's some snacks and they basically
threw me a gigantic surprise party
although no one actually yelled surprise
but apparently they're all here to hang
out with me I don't know me but I'll
just take my hand off them
my hot date has arrived hey did you get
a haircut today he's gonna negative yes
not for you I might add no I love Li
look how nice they are
every guy but guys do you could get kind
of embarrassed when you're walking
through this really flowers because then
when other people know you're caring for
somebody no offense but how often does
that really happen to you I mean
probably like four or five times a year
I'll eat at least four or five times a
year some reason I've had advice because
people know you can know somebody he
could tell me burger oh it's cute
all right we are about to eat these
churros
delicious so there are three churros and
only two of us who I'm making Aslan
carry my flowers and he also went
shopping for himself got himself some
trainers and a sweater
this is Soho tonight it's not actually
that busy is it today yeah so we're just
walking along I have my some of my
dinner to go because I couldn't eat it
all but it's so good I'm just gonna say
if you ever want to get magazines and
you haven't seen my magazine video check
it out
but there's also this place called the
week on barracks Street if you ever want
to get some this was not in the actual
video but it's another good one if you
want to go check it out just got home
from dinner which was very very tasty
I had such a good day today I couldn't
believe that they surprised me with a
surprise party it was crazy I've never
experienced a surprise party before and
I think like I always just get so
overwhelmed I was just like oh my god I
hope they realize how much it meant to
me in the moment I was just like oMG
like nobody's ever done this for me
before I like didn't know how to act I
was like so shocked but it was
absolutely amazing and it meant a lot
that everybody was there that was very
very cool now I'm going to wash my face
and get into my PJs and I have to pick
which outfit I'm gonna wear tomorrow for
tomorrow's shoot I don't know if I'm
gonna be allowed to tell you but it is a
TV show I'm going to be on so I'm very
nervous it's my first ever TV show so
yeah kind of freaking out and I have to
figure out what I want to wear so I'm
gonna do that
wash my face even though I don't really
want to take off this makeup and I think
that's it if you do like my makeup never
fear I filmed a tutorial for this a
couple days ago so that'll be up soon
and
yeah so I guess I'm gonna wrap it up for
now but I will see you very soon I'm
going back to New York on Wednesday
morning so I will be logging the entire
New York trip so I'll see you guys
shortly bye nobody like anyway Reggie
has upgraded is this thing recording
Reggie has upgraded to no leash inside
park because he's so good and he always
comes back and his recall is amazing
that's why but but he's really good I am
rocking Aslan pat today and I'm thinking
of my
