hello
long time no see yes we haven't looked
in a while have we now we have not
because well we have actually no good
reason well nothing too interesting has
been happening but yes we have no good
reason so sorry about that but we are
going on an exciting adventure to New
York City today this was a fairly
last-minute thing find out on Friday
it was now Monday exactly so that's kind
of cool
as we're heading to NYC we're going to
their phone right now you know let them
let the people know why so I'm working
on a really cool and exciting project
with the global goals and I'm gonna be
hosting a little video thing with one of
my good friends akela so this is
potentially the shortest ever trip to
New York that I think I'll probably ever
take so we are arriving tonight so
Monday night and we're flying out
Wednesday night so it's like just a
couple of days which is crazy and I'm
actually gonna be back in New York
the week after for beautycon as well as
some other things so I'm gonna be
showing you guys what I'm up to in New
York which is one of my all-time
favorite cities so I'm really really
really looking forward to it and I'm
kind of nervous as well because I've
never done like real presenting stuff
before word on the street is that there
will be a teleprompter
so I've never used one of those before
so yeah kind of getting nervous but you
know trying to like fight the fear and
do stuff
you know just landed and I thought I'd
show you what kind of a glamorous human
I am
guess what guys beast follow my nose
have got even ready surprise I did it
looks up I have even more spots on my
face as well what's with that both of us
Roy isn't dehydrating I think anyway
first whatever reason the flight just
like really took it out of me
I managed to sleep quite a bit of it but
I just did so sunked flash all of it I'm
always so jealous and stays ability to
sleep through life like you speak to
always like heaps and I never play
levity I know it's really good yeah
Aslan is reading this book that he
really likes and I you not
he read for the entire 7 hours and 45
minutes
I like he had the book the entire time I
can you please read through that long
like I can only read for an hour before
I get sick of it but he's he literally
read what I did eight hours it's kind of
like good book on an office you know
bitching books is sometimes I feel like
you forget some details if you like
anyway my bag good morning everyone
from NYC we didn't actually blog when we
got back to the hotel room last night
because it took us two and a half almost
three hours to get back from the airport
which was crazy
we've posted
they didn't show up so we had to wait in
this like hour-long lineup to get a
yellow cab and there was so much traffic
and we were so tired by the time we got
back
and now we're friends
not sure it's the most flattering angle
though you want to see yourself so
hotels here right guys the Church of
Scientology is right over there that's
got a creepy that so near so this fine
lady here just sprucing yourself up and
getting ready for the big event hashtag
global goals week so yeah
put some slap on their face so this is
the look that you go for when you're
doing some global girls presenting yeah
it's some boots RIT SIA my acne boots
Levi's denim jacket Global girls t-shirt
first and my Gucci bag
so yeah so we're setting off there's
actually quite a few people or a few
people involved in this but we're about
to see the bus the battle bus excited
for the battle bus I could faint I'm so
excited
alright we are walking to Times Square
which is just like a two second walk
from the hotel
kind of cool this
New York is so cool it's really loud
isn't it it's quite loud yeah anyway we
are apparently going to get on to a
gigantic global goals bus look who it is
it's Charlie
very
crazy it's not another charlie is the
reason why I'm actually here today
because this babe is working on this
project just like hey you should get
involved I was like yeah that would be
really cool I'm like what is setting I
know it's pretty incredible I'm so
excited
okay the last time I saw you we were
sent on the beach and now we're in Times
Square just crazy seriously guys this is
like a huge operation there's loads of
people there's a lot of bus people
getting excited there to stay is
whooping here's a state rep in a favor
goal I'm a fire gender equality
here comes the bus I'm excited I could
see it it's cheesing it's teasing us
edging in slowly
complete with a huge LCD screen LCD
screen is like outside of a bus make a
lot of noise
people are very excited stays going off
because they're we gonna go up with some
of their they're gonna get himself
situated so I can show off their global
goals okay this thing you're gonna zoom
in on a
for our global girls ever ease up there
people customizing the bus here hashtag
how did it feel to be on top of the
battle bus the battle bus get in there
Oh Joe upstairs I said this is true BTS
playing many roles today presenter
photographer she's doing it all we are
on a moving bus at the top I don't know
is this legal for us to be like standing
over there but it's pretty cool as
Linda's love in life he's like being
super cool right now but they were like
make sure you've Duncan I need traffic
lights and some more hot BTS stuff here
BJ stands behind the scenes for those
right now instead Aquila they're getting
prepped something they're gonna do some
interviews or something
things are moving again what are moving
but it's happening so I think I stayed
somewhere over there just going to
interview the girls who are doing the
dancing
so we just finished filming the morning
part of today's a little shoot thing so
now I've got the afternoon off until
there's a little party this evening so
I'm going to be doing some other filming
tonight at this party Mark Ruffalo is
gonna be at the party anyway I went into
CVS because I needed to just like pick
up some hairspray so I could do my hair
tonight I forgot mine but I also found
this
so just so called me it's like a pack of
gum in like a plastic case guys this is
groundbreaking technology here I don't
know if you can tell but the traffic is
literally insane
like it's been terrible for block off
the block off the block and abandons
keys El Presidente's here
you guys don't know how excited as when
I our deepest chips I thought a whatever
this is that looks good and I got cheese
fries because I mean you only live once
so akela and I oh I don't think I've
loved you I snap do this is akela she's
one of my all-time favorite youtubers
you have to go subscribe to her channel
she is the best youtuber probably oh my
god is your channel Akilah obviously
yeah no it's smoothie oh yeah but if you
go to youtube.com slash its Akilah
obviously yes I got a no luck ok good so
go subscribe anyway we're here at a very
fancy dinner and we're all fancied up
and we're looking this morning yeah it
is yes you can't see it because my
camera has micro mouse it's very cute
anyway we're gonna do some interviewing
tonight and hopefully we can be perky
because of Kela is really sick and it's
like 1:00 a.m. UK time so I just got
miked up but since I'm wearing a dress
that doesn't have any pockets we had to
put the mic here on my thigh was very
very very crazy also my battery is gonna
die so I'll probably see you when I'm
back in the hotel because I'm gonna be
hard at work doing some interviews good
morning everyone I'm my gosh I'm so
sorry that the vlog camera died last
night I was like mid-sentence and the
battery just completely died anyway I
couldn't have loved to anyway because I
was on the job it was really cool we got
to interview Mark Ruffalo which was
pretty sweet
it was so nice as when was well Ben gel
because he knows I'm like borderline in
love with him but he was really nice to
me so smart so I was able to talk to him
and now we have one more day of shooting
so we're gonna be it's about let's see
it's 8 o'clock now but I've been up
since 6:00
um yeah so we are gonna see how this
goes today one more full day so we're
shooting until 6:00 and then as I land I
have to go straight to the airport and
head home so it was like a really quick
but full-on trip so we've got about an
hour of free time this morning
great so we walk around so I ran over
this
like there's like a meeting of world
leaders in New York and everywhere you
go we're gonna hit up my favorite store
the engineered garment store in NYC so I
did look-alike opens at 12 what kind of
a startup was at 12 we started well damn
you engineer government slash the
panties
damn you guys I don't know if this is
like the real deal but this is Carlo's
Bake Shop across there's that Kate boys
okay boys watch it boy best cannolis in
town by the cake job so we are now in
Central Park team is there everybody's
there big way to shoot the I think
there's like a segment person stage or
something like it's a lovely beautiful
day in central blog and look at this
huge stage this is for the global
citizen RiRi Kendrick they'll be over
there think on Saturday but for now is
just a stain akela that's it this
skyline here has changed quite a bit
it's like the first time I've ever
visited in New York like this really
tall building a narrow tall building one
there yeah see see a lot of development
on this like this building here if you
guys ever see it it seems impossible
it's so tall and it's like a perfect
almost like squarish shape up top but
it's like how does that stay up in the
wind and stuff a really cool - you'll
see this huge like stage being
constructed
it's a giant I'm gonna lick that's a
human this is some sweaty back you've
got like a little conception no thanks /
yeah Mike hold on how's this shoot
coming along I think it's good I messed
up a lot there it's gay you know
hey guys it happens you know it's fine
yeah sometimes you just let your mind
just turns off but we didn't nail it yes
all right that is a wrap
oh that was a very hectic couple of days
we're heading back to the airport and I
want to go home a lot of people are
gonna see what we just made there I
think like what did they say like 95
million yeah like people like a little
bit more than subscribe to my youtube
channel but yes it's kind of crazy
yeah I'm really looking forward to it so
it streams on Saturday this Saturday so
check it out
finally back home I feel like we were
potentially the worst loggers ever
because we didn't love any of the trip
back but for whatever reason the jet
like just hit us like this like a ton of
bricks and we were in the airport like
not speaking to each other just like
dozing off waking up like it was kind of
crazy actually I think that was like
potentially the fastest trip to New York
I'll ever take like we flew in got there
Monday night spent the day on Tuesday
and flew home on Wednesday we have back
home everything is good and I'm gonna
shower immediately I'm like looking at
my face like oh girl oh girl so I'm
gonna have a big cup of tea which I'm
making there and how a shower and I will
see you soon because I'm gonna be back
in New York next week for beautycon and
it's actually my first book signing the
beauty gods I'm really excited so I'll
see you guys then bye
