good morning everyone we are here at
Paddington Station
I don't know if I've ever been to
Paddington Station before sorry I said I
don't know to Paddington Station
probably now you never need a headed out
west of London
so anyway today's the fun day because
we're going to Bath not to take a bath
you're going too fast
oh my brother's still here so I thought
we go there and I've never been there
before so what about day trip guess my
little day trip so let's go
the king the king is calling us so we
have made our way to bath and we're
walking to the Roman baths
I said breath but I meant bath which is
now only a four minute walk oh wow look
at this I don't know what I was
expecting but I have to say this town is
way cooler than I thought it would be
like I looked at the pictures but it
doesn't do it justice like in real life
it's really really cool well here they
are a Roman Baths of that
want to give us a history lesson if I
knew anything about it I would the water
is very murky ball of minerals in
particles over the years from the Romans
it seeps into the water that's why we
have that green look in the water so
we've discovered that the water appears
naturally and we think it's green
because it just doesn't get circulated
but yes this is where the Romans would
come to bathe this was a public
bathhouse so this is the hot spring and
if it was cleaner I would love to go for
a little soiree but I'm just reading
this sign here and it says that it
bubbles up into the Kings bath built in
the 12th century and it is 46 degrees
Celsius Wow guys this is pretty crazy
it is a real human skeleton with a head
and everything lots of warning signs
before we head out to see the baths
looks really cool from this level I'm
not sure where the rest of the guys are
but I think they are still in the museum
but Wow
such a beautiful day too to see this as
I was doing a quick bath side film
transfer well we have made it to the
Royal Crescent which looks a little
something like this it's me the coolest
bit can you spit is that look at all
these relaxed people just chilling on
the grass well I have to say bath is a
very chilled out cool town this guy here
is cutting all this grass and it smells
so good like the freshest grass I've
ever smelled it's amazing that's
actually one of my mom's favorite scents
did you know that did you guys know that
they don't care but yeah it is I think
we're all just about ready for lunch so
I decided with the help of the sat-nav a
center that we can cut through this
little park since we've already walked
up on that streets there's no point
walking back on the same street if
you're a pasta lover like I am check
this out
this is that Jamie's Italian it's just
macaroni after macaroni after macaroni
actually I don't think that's called
macaroni but do you know what kind of
noodle that is no oh cuz I called it
macaroni I was like it's probably not
not grating by listening it would be a
real good source catcher and all the
sausage in granny's
current the crannies all the nooks and
crannies so we're taking a little quick
pit stop because we're all starving so
we're having lunch at a really cool
place it's called hunter & Sons it's a
really chilled out vibe it's like 3:30
and I was the same way guys this is my
nap time just like the time my body's
like take a 15-minute catnap food just
arrived so I've perked up so I got a vac
Otto on toast with poached eggs and
bacon and then the rest of the squad got
this which is what okay Billy and bacon
that is the same beauty kind of gel but
this will be good
oh so yo it's a way of now our lovely
lunch at 100 Suns how you recommend it
they have a lovely lovely craft fair
here a very good range of craft we
actually so I think now we are on our
way to a bakery I stay said there was a
classic historic bakery that she does
not like what she doesn't feel like
would best represent the modern new bath
approach so we're doing this new bakery
sorry I'm just trying to navigate I
think we're going the wrong way okay we
are okay oh wait
happens all the time okay so they're not
I there's this place called Sally lungs
which everybody did like literally
everybody recommended it but it's like
this sweet fun okay
and I don't know I don't know I love a
sweet bun mm-hmm you know Chan yes mom
so well maybe we'll go to a new place
maybe we will grab like a choc chocolate
or like a brownie or something yeah and
then we'll head up the the old
traditional for a sweet bun is there I
got buns hon well I want to have buns
but right now I can't got none so here
we are the new modern place the
butternut bakery hopefully I wish that
so you can correct me in the comments
all eaten up it is it does look a little
bit empty let's see look in the shop
window there's nothing not too much here
and except big meringue let's have a
look inside inside also similar picture
fairly empty so we did get a little
something at the birds in it that me and
I stay gonna share are we like to reveal
right now what it is
mmm what could it be the mystery is
killing me
oh wow look at that it's a maple and
pecan tart
how very Canadian and how very you maple
pecan they're not the topic
it's really good
so we're now the society cafe and I'm
got myself a little cold brew and the
boys are waiting for their lattes
cappuccinos or something where we're
heading after this we are gonna go try
the buttons you got buns on I got weight
too much but that's why I did we're
gonna get some more yeah okay we're
checked let's check out the latter see
what just about here oh look at that
it's like a little bitch right that's
great so we're making our way just
switch open as a man who loves pigeons
pigeon lover oh look a shop selling tab
what a surprise you're interesting no
like it's just this store is so cute
like it just has such British stuff I
know
oh yeah sure your mom loves the waving
things what's going on over here
a large crowd is appeared out of nowhere
what's going on oh I believe this might
be a wedding party
the way we're looking at moon down
to get my crew
how cute lovely married
it's
competitive obese people just you're
crying on you
so we're the square this guy is doing
some busking in this these people here
adamant I'm getting the best possible
angle it would have this yourself or
your picture very very adamant about
that here we are the boss sweet shop
we've got sweet tooth's we would like to
satisfy them at the old bar sweet shop
when the time look here we are in the
sweet shop there's a high large variety
of sweets all lovely in British I'm just
saying flying saucers up there there's a
big triangle bag of it it's my favorite
there it is Sally lumps eating house
isn't it
this is it with the world-famous buns
literally literally a stone's throw from
sweet shop over here the buns in
question can we go take her out I'm
singing what's inside whatever let's go
so you can get a take away take away a
good I managed to make it down here okay
people back there must mean quite
shortly I don't know how they used to a
cook down here must be very hot right
have you know if you imagine if you're
baking in here yeah this is definitely
no great bridge bake-off Hey you're in a
lovely ten now proud owner Oh two buns
and I'm making my way up he says trying
to date my head sorry we go yeah I'm
gonna thank you bye-bye
here the two buns can't wait to like try
moot what that stupid on the way out the
same girl agree to this was like thanks
I was like hi Sue stupid still retain
your lining okay you get a bunch of
Sally lunges historic eating out it does
come at a very fancy box missus one box
per blood was the pretty big box
that's a goal but that's a very big bun
closable bit like a bun brioche bun
travel bit
halfway like between a normal bread bun
and a brioche I'm glad I got to just oh
my god guys where the fudge factory and
you can see them make it through the
window my senses are correct that looks
like salted caramel oh yeah and we have
to get George done because right now
George is watching Reggie and he loves
salted caramel it is fudge so let's pop
into the fudge factory hi guys hello
looks like this fudge being made mmm
fudge decisions decisions are being made
over there meanwhile got three over here
two salted caramel and a rum raisin rum
raisin that's mine I love rum raisin
fish greatest point with you guys
don't be fudge shaming me I've got a
little bit of fudge here I want to get
all of it and what I told them they were
like what's wrong with you what's wrong
with me it's fudge what's wrong with you
he's gonna eat this whole thing and
we're gonna see how you're gonna feel in
five minutes are you watching
hey guys define a little last bit right
here
they're gone all done what's the big
deal eh just a bit fudge what's the
issue what's the problem
that is a lot of fun I mean no judgment
I've eaten a lot of food a lot of things
at one time that's the most fun I've
ever seen anybody eat in my life it's
not it's only a hundred grams okay
oh what's that you're gonna eat all that
fudge if I eat that whole piece you are
on you oh you animal
you filthy animal you that's disgusting
everything a whole piece of fudge okay
how do you feel a great I'm buzzing
expression
is an issue
what's that
now Eric can you tell us how Destinee
been doing this since forever
when I was slightly open
I should always done that about anything
yes because I do the same thing I can't
help but the I that's I don't know where
that left off you have no idea
we've come to the end of a long train
journey now getting off London
Paddington
we're going home to see a beautiful boy
oh my God look how many people there are
imagine if all these are all zombies
imagine this if all these people is
hombres
you definitely be screwed
who is it motivate GE oh what a good boy
what a good boy
yeah with that home Helen we miss this
little guy mr. Murat mr. Murat I think
you can tell we're both tired
so yeah go back home we're now ready to
hit the hay it's been a couple hours
later I came home and had a bath after
spending the day in math we acknowledge
me happened we introduced Eric and
voytek to our favorite fried chicken
place but to pop up on the house report
we'll see you next time we found the
crystal flower I've never been in here
before I always knew this room was here
but to actually see
and though Kristen got I got a new lease
on life
my energy is like up here again now
