good morning everyone I've had quite the
chaotic morning not really but I have
been looking for the new blog camera
charger for the past 45 minutes and a
splint is in here and who's the one who
he's one who never puts anything back
where it belongs but we're gonna move
past that I am currently heading out I
thought I found the charger and I'm
taking the charger with me because I've
got to go to a quick meeting and then
I'm coming back because my brother and
his friend are here from Canada so I'm
gonna hang out with them also I've got a
zit on my neck very very attractive so
anyway I gotta go because I'm already
late but obviously a new zoom it is such
a glorious day it's definitely still
August in London thankfully I busted out
the Charlotte Tilbury sexy sienna
lipstick today which every time I wear -
Mike why don't I wear this every day I
love this color ah just basking in the
Sun I mean how calm does this day look I
am on like a side street beautiful and
there's just so many flowers and trees
alright guys so I'm in the car with my
brother and
it's bread and boy tech is holding the
camera :
and we are off to the Natural History
Museum we are like I said going to the
Natural History Museum because I've
never been here and I took him for a
little cruise in the car and found a
parking spot and now we are waddling to
the entrance if I can find it it's been
a while I'm very confused as to where we
are right now alright so we found the
front of the building I always loved the
way this museum looks it's so huge and
really cool to look at from the outside
and the inside my brother says to me he
says God all I know is I'm hotter than a
hot dog same apparently it is a very
busy museum day today because it is
packed
I wish Aslan was here to tell us some
interesting facts about these gargoyles
which I'm sure he's gonna say are not
gargoyles on they're probably called
something else I don't know but pretty
cool definitely wishing a war sandals
today it's my feet
boy but we finally made it here to the
entrance so here is a gigantic dinosaur
Wow but it's eating giant this is a
Diplodocus that lived 150 million years
ago
oh gosh guys it is so hot I have to get
a lemonade do you want to lemonade or
the pink one pink one is watermelon we
have made it to this really cool room
that has the most gigantic blue whale is
a rhino and elephant a giraffe so this
is pretty cool
apparently this is a sloth bear just
watching YouTube videos of anteaters
last night because I think they look
like Reggie
so we've been exploring and this is my
brother Eric and he he was saying we
were like joking before we came here
like I wonder if there's going to be air
conditioning like ha ha course there's
going to be there's not know it's really
hot it is really hard in there and it's
like so busy it's like all gifts so it's
like all the families and everything's
coming here but anyway I've just asked
about the crystal section and apparently
there is a room
in the redzone that I have to go try to
fight but you can't LM sweating I had to
go to the washroom and putting these
jeans back on with like Ross from
friends and his leather trousers
situation like I kid you not I could
barely get them back on my legs are like
anyway this is not a pretty big this is
kind of cool we found the birds own and
all these people are very interested in
birds look at these birds wow guys look
at this amazing parent in there well
that's the men said but there's also a
parrot here we found crystals Oh
I've never been in here before I always
knew this room was here but to actually
see and though Christmas
got I got a new lease on life my energy
is like up here again now okay I lied I
couldn't actually find the crystals I
thought I did but I wasn't at but anyway
this is the Crystal gift store oh my oh
look at all these ones over here I guess
I'm really really trying to refrain
myself from purchasing these my brother
comes in and you can tell me related cuz
their ex like oh my god how much are
these I need to get one of these I know
that Lalande crystal addiction this is
really cool it's a hummingbird display
and you know how much my grandma Mary
loves hummingbirds but I don't think
they have hummingbirds in the UK I mean
I've never seen one flying around I
could have made that up but pretty sure
they don't oh yes she loves hummingbirds
they're so cute look at this view I
think this is an Instagram waiting to
happen people
I've got a very hot specimen down there
she's very warm she's complaining about
being too hot as you could see the
perspiration on her forehead she's ready
to leave
so guys we did this for you we went up
like four flights of stairs look at my
face
oh that bridge though we went up like
four flights of stairs because I was
like I can't like not vlog the Crystal
section on my brother's life do they
really care okay
I think they do maybe I just care about
sure but this is the minerals I may just
put my phone in my pocket here this is
the mineral room and it is a humongous
room filled with all different types of
minerals crystals I think there might be
some fossils in here but just to look at
this I mean doesn't that just blow your
mind oh my gosh here's an introduction
to minerals Wow I could be adding some
of these to my collection yeah it's just
amazing I think I'm gonna have to come
back here one day just with myself maybe
when I'm having a you know a little bit
of an emotional day or something I can
just come here and bask in the crystal
energy wow look at that oh gosh guys
this is so cool if you're ever in London
and you like crystals definitely come
check this out we are five minutes late
for my parking and I'm just praying we
did not gonna take it
what do you guys think did we get one
no definitely not thank the parking
ticket I was too much yeah we just saw
the parking whatever they're called and
he just looked so hot he wasn't like a
coat is a bet so maybe he just wasn't
feeling like dishing everything tickets
you get one we're all clear okay we had
to order some food because we were
starving
so we've got fries and some piping hot
tsubaki's oh yeah whoa look at this two
phones
what's the difference one is all screwed
up that's mine it's got bad bad
scratches bad bad bangbang but this one
look at this this is piece of glass
Erica's got this really fancy screen
protector this is a really thin tiny
piece of glass can you believe that
it goes all around bet you can't believe
it he's yawning and it keeps it nice and
safe it's pretty cool this should be
like an unbox therapy so we're taking
Reggie out and we were both like oh I
don't know it might be too hot for him
to go for a walk but he's going for it a
little bit once he's in the shade it'll
be all right but yeah Reggie's been very
very hot today I actually sprayed him
with the cacti atomizer which at first
he didn't like but then he was like yeah
I think mom had actually helped a lot we
now have a slam king of fitness he's a
little tired but let's see if he can do
10 pull-ups 1 2 3
four five six seven come on eight
come on nine and one more come on you
got this you got this
Ted oh yeah did the pressure of the
camera help I think a little bit also
didn't quite fully come they didn't go
all the way down as I went to get his
haircut today and he said that he was
boiling know maybe TMI but I am
generally like quite a sweaty person I
get very sweaty very quickly especially
under hot conditions are just today so I
go in there by the way we're not
complaining but the heat we love it it's
just it is very hot I mean it's just
like it just means people for people
around me it's just unpleasant good I'm
sweaty
but Reggie's just faking the poo over
there well basically I was walking
through the head to the barbers it was
all fine and then until the moment when
I sat down this yet and they put that
like plastic sheet over you and I've
never noticed how that plastic sheet
actually makes you like 400 times harder
and I felt like I was just getting so
hot underneath it and the first thing he
did
anyway I cut off your story anyway
basically booze and hop in that vomit
and the guy kept putting like baby
powder on Aslan's forehead
I like towards the end it was so much
baby powder getting take that I had like
a widow white like crying rather he was
basically making baby powder soup on
your forehead Reggie you were going
crazy today it's too hot for this poop
Olympics can I get this in the bin okay
guys you know how much Aslan lives for
the poop Olympics all right guys I think
that is it from us today I get home my
brother is putting the dishes away can I
say number one brother look how high my
Sierra has literally dripped down my
face
so anyway I'll see you guys very soon
