good morning everyone it is my birthday
today and I woke up with a huge spot on
my nose that's that's not right
anyway I'm sure I'll get over it um yeah
I turned 26 today how does that happen
don't know I actually feel great about
it though like a few months ago I felt
kind of like oh good like 26 that's
getting close to 30 but now I feel like
actually 26 is not a bad age so I feel
good we're going to have a nice day
today um I'm actually going to shower
right now it's quite early still it's
like 7:45 but um as anse walking Reggie
so I'm going to shower quickly and do my
hair and I thought I'd film like a
birthday make up an outfit video from my
main channel because I love watching
them and I don't think I've ever done
one so I'm going to do that today I have
a gigantic cup of tea so you know the
day is going to be good isn't it so cool
that Twitter does this with the balloons
when it's your birthday I don't know I
think that is awesome
you check it on all your birthday tweets
this is a big thing about retreats
social media on your birthday you like
spend all your birthday replying people
like thank you thank you thank you
because it's just so rude not to apply
hmm not that I mind it's just it's just
crazy like how many people actually wish
me I avoid it like it's in saying a lot
of people care that type of thing yeah
it's really nice
okay guys so I'm gonna make I stay how
pancakes but you wanna sneak a peek and
I present for you she sees them oh yeah
look at this baby we got turned up
clapping so today she's gonna get what
she wanted not just one about five big
piles of battles with drawers of
Taylor's I'm sure this is only gonna
take about a couple weeks to get through
their visit and um a very difficult for
random Industrial Estate o-m-g yeah this
was like this place was the a Costco of
Lebanese food I had this research dolly
I feel like by now you guys know like I
am really serious about these pickled
turnips like I adore them so this is
literally the best birthday present ever
and it's exactly what I wanted so I feel
very very long do you think these will
last you know not long do you think but
this spot how annoying it's okay
it's fine everybody ignore it it's not
that nobody mention it for my birthday
but I think your mouth is gonna be
covering canker sores for the next month
but you
things that are so salty and vinegary
like your mouth cannot take it but I'm
so addicted I even go past that but I
was gonna be eating those tonight oh the
doorbell just rang and I got my flowers
I could cry I could really cry let me
see who this is from
from Philippa Craddock that sounds posh
this is from my lancome days
happy birthday Estee we hope you have a
blooming love it marvelous day love
Lancome oh thank you so I'm like saying
like okay we have the pancakes and
Ashlyn says the first ones for Reggie
and those like what do you mean and he
said the French what are the French say
say the first pancake is polish now
something like that for the dog because
you know I get the heat of the pan right
for the first pancake whatever poreless
year so like this one's a bit overcooked
to see ya even overcooked for him oh god
guys look at this mess poreless let
me give him his some happy birthday
Reggie it's not his birthday so my mom
sent me this package and it arrived like
three days ago and I've been trying so
hard not to open it but she always like
does the funniest packaging so she was
like let me get this straight
she's still making movies and it's like
about what the beaver saying and then
this ladybug saying my name and this
mushroom saying she turns me to mush
what a nut says the Acorn who says the
owl this tree says happy birthday is day
there's something else that's really
funny like this Mouse she makes me very
happy she's making incredible movies oh
my god mom it is so funny and I always
save this packaging so I have like loads
of her wrapping saved because I'm like
such a hoarder but I love it it's so
cute now that we're done with breakfast
somebody is desperate to try out turnips
okay let's see if these are the ones
yeah if you guys like pickles like
regular pickles you will love please so
let me try one okay
look I'll to pay one big pink one
oh I hope these are good they are those
are the ones yeah I could tell by the
color that fluorescent the way it color
oh yeah oh hello so sour okay pace
yourself we're gonna heave got a lot to
get hurt so I stays opening up we but
they bucks from Kelly come on
and there is so interested in sniffing
everything this is actually just a shirt
I left at home that I asked her to send
oh and my Calvin Klein block I'll do oh
yeah in the card okay listen we all know
what we're waiting for
so oh just give Tim said this camera for
oh it's so cute how excited so cute this
is like so my mom's like style like this
yeah you don't like that just like
screams my mom to be exact
oh good you knows but you know this is
way this is my camera this is my camera
give it back to your money it's my
birthday present
thank God it's funny how he knows like
when a like toys his like he does
instantly their birthday cards slay me
okay what else oh oh oh what is it
whoa freshly sealed meanwhile it's been
sitting in our kitchen for like yeah
four days Oh
you favor the chocolate chip good good
some earrings yes on my mom like always
gets me the cutest jewelry so I'm gonna
put these on today
no like I think that blue will bring out
the blue of your eyes Thanks
oh my gosh more flowers they're so
beautiful they're from a place I've
never heard of before called
scarlet and violet so this is from my
family at storm and they're so beautiful
I mean they know how much I love my
flowers and now this is just too much
all right so after the pancakes after
opening up all my wonderful presents I
feel so special I'm gonna film my makeup
tutorial now because this will not do
I'm really excited to film this video
because I'm actually working with
Lancome on this video I'm not gonna talk
about it in this love but if you want to
go over to my main channel and watch my
birthday get ready with me you can hear
all about it but yeah and I'm also doing
the rest of my makeup and a lot of it is
drugstore actually so yeah check it out
so this is my current setup I have my
mirror to do my makeup
Azlan has this like screen thing set up
to look kind of weird in and then the
actual camera is right there I just
finished the makeup tutorial and I have
to say I love my makeup I haven't worn a
bright lipstick in so long I keep
staring at myself in the little flippy
screen how did you like this yeah what's
wrong
Azlan just gave me the scare of all
scared he's like I don't think the sound
record and I was like I can't do my
makeup again I can't do it this well
again it's like I was really ready to
cry but okay the sound recorded but
anyway honey what do you think of this a
bright lipstick it looks like the old me
doesn't it yeah it does I love it maybe
I should bring it back I don't know what
do you guys think bring back the bright
lipsticks or stick with the nudes
occasionally occasionally yes location I
think it's kind of fun so okay we're
gonna film the close-ups of the products
and then we're going to go out for a
a cute little bite to eat I kept saying
little we're gonna go up for a cute
little cute little bite to eat it is way
too hot for Reggie he does not want to
go for a walk at all I mean I wouldn't
want to do it if I was wearing a fur
coat either so he came to this little
cafe and I got a chocolate chip muffin
that has the most icing sugar I've ever
seen not complaining I've got an avocado
and sandwich type of thing
let's put coconut water so we've just
been chilling out in the park but I was
getting a little bit overheated so now
we are in Tesco picking up some balloons
for my video thumbnail spending times
you guys know we're behind the scenes
um no check this out this is like makeup
candles with this mascara that is so
cool thanks for inviting me to your
birthday party mom loved it so much I'm
so happy you're my mom what a great
party so many people here Reggie thinks
this is food but nope
um the plants just keep on coming it's
fine with me because you guys know I
love my plants so this was sent to me by
maker who is my youtube network and they
sent me all these amazing plants they're
from Grace and thorn so there's
succulents in here and this is
apparently called
string of pearls that is beautiful and
there's also an amazing candle I love PF
candle company so I'm really excited
actually not only selling right now
because I can't wait come on Barry oh my
gosh it smells so good and also inside
here is this like it looks like a
vintage book the observer's book of
cacti and other succulents and tells you
all about plants that is so cool oh look
at this
thank you maker family Reggie why you
patent my pen is it cuz it's so hot in
here cuz your mom's looking fierce for a
birthday whoo alright raising the temp
changed because
it's no longer daytime in its evening
time and I wanted to wear something a
little dressier for my dinner tonight um
that'll great it's the same makeup but
I've changed the lipstick this is a
Sephora matte lip cream ooh
and I put it with this t-shirt which is
by boohoo from a sauce I mentioned in my
favorites my trousers from Orencia
my beautiful blue suede heels and a red
bag so overall yeah bang that's looking
let's look in flies looking hot Thanks I
just wanted to dress up but not you too
dressy yes that's a vibe all right so
let's go before we're late
my favorite okay let's go so we're done
with I'm just taking my yeah I stays
driving and as old girls though
sometimes I just have to pick up your
heels finally because they're so
precious I have to hold him in my lap
I'm not allowed to put them on the floor
I did not say that but the place
tomorrow anyway um
have a lovely time thank you to Joe live
Matta Jules for coming it was a very
pleasant time we had a lovely dinner
they treat us well there it's a nice
place um anything else top date I'm
sorry I just want to make sure we have a
good birthday up out of ten you know
compared to other birthdays that you've
had what would you rate this birth
honestly lose perfect day
yeah the perfect day oh that's strong I
don't know how to get home from here but
um just gonna keep driving history I
straighten left on it okay left yes
anyway I can't complain honestly I had
an amazing day everybody was so nice to
me and I felt really great know so okay
it's amazing and I had a brilliant
dinner
at a little social I'd highly recommend
it if you want to go have a nice treat
thank you
right left and thank God you were not
given an iPhone lens with prisoners here
thank God thank God I got my turnip
hookup got them - lets go okay so I
think we're both pretty tired we gotta
fight it sir 1015 Baba's gonna be able
to like it's 12 o'clock it's 10:15 but
still you know what been a busy day
um so yeah peace out a town bye-bye okay
so everybody's food is here double room
the boys the boys have gone for the
double Reuben and we got the waffles and
sort homes a gentleman but look at these
lab keys look at the most grateful they
are they look like a potato rosti so
like a like a really finely shredded
potato fried together mmm
