you
good morning these two cuties on a boot
for that little morning walk yeah yeah
you're like taking morning walkers all
day it is really pleasant actually
especially on a Sunday early in the
morning
nice it's a great way to start the day
and Reggie knows it and I am thankful
for Reggie for teaching us that I got
this new selfie stick which means we
could do some crazy angles guys look at
a good rating scoop it down for the oh
look at that
look at that shot yeah so I'm gonna see
if blogging is easier with a selfie
stick because I feel like it could be
definitely get easier to get both me and
a stay in a single shot yeah cuz
normally it's like I out of two point it
down my arms really tired but we'll see
Reggie right oh like this I love this I
know the angle is just insane look at
this you can really look under your nose
there hey Reggie you like your dad's new
camera
wretched you like it you like it Reggie
I think of snow all right I just got out
of the shower and I have to say like my
new show addiction is orphan black like
wow it is really really good I just
started watching it on a whim and I'm
like addicted to it but if you guys are
not watching orphan black
you have to watch it so we have left the
buildings it's around lunchtime now and
we are okay wait a minute I'm trying to
use your little stick system what are
you trying to try to extend it yeah okay
rotate the top darling going to do it
for you actually know what let's just
forget about it um anyway so we are
going to multi Street Market and we're
actually meeting up with two fellow
youtubers who we met briefly at VidCon
and then we realized that we both live
in London and we thought we'd meet up
because that's what normal people do yes
well we have never like to this market
so we want to go we've heard these
things um we have had a Reuben sandwich
from here before Monty's deli it was
excellent
I can only say excellent so we are
looking forward to that again okay we
made it to the market and I just want to
show you what it looks like here first
rope walk which is very cool and we have
met up with our new friends this is
Eliska Amisha I thought it was a liska
but it's a little bit like I didn't know
what it meant
all right like a little bit a little big
and this is Jack I always make people do
this and yeah okay so you have a vlog
Channel yes about traveling so well it's
just about like doing more with your
normal day alive because we have
full-time job just a little bit of time
I realize oh we try and do as much as we
can with it yeah and we met you at
VidCon yeah how random very way I know
it was not really yeah we have run into
a viewer and I'm very tempted to steal
whatever this is it no no no I might get
my own but what is that it's a I think
they're like little Taiwanese egg
waffles I think Oh the description is
what is it like a cake doughnut and
cupcake pancake yeah this caramel
custard a guy's going to show you how
busy this monkey is using my new selfie
stick
people think when they see this know
that the selfie stick has become
accepted I mean the selfie stick is fine
now okay I'm just a tourist very sick it
does so this is a waffle with
blueberries pigs and goats cheese then
look at that brownie on the ghost shoes
he's going down you know now he knows
that does waffle man yeah stays at her
favorite place commented German and
she's got herself a favorite thing me
and sausage don't Bowser's eyes hey like
Reggie everybody gets a treat I would
also like the vlog is cool behind the
scenes approach to Monty's you get
through you have to go through the
kitchen here but everybody is like
they're walking through a very chilled
out vibe on a Sunday at Monty's and you
can see the beef stew eating in there
okay so everybody's food is here double
room the boys the boys have gone for the
double Reuben and we got the waffles and
still Hammonds a German but mmm look at
these lab keys look at the mix great
well they are their base is like a
potato rosti
so like like a really finely shredded
potato fried together mmm we're picking
up dessert now because I'm a filthy
animal roll that way so what we're gonna
get I don't know I neither do I ready
it's like these really cool Chinese egg
thingies for like half pancake art
waffle and they serve them in an egg
carton and it's really cute and super
instant angles
okay we've got the six little eggs we
have a caramel topping very nice Nutella
classic under run back
peanut butter look this is peanut butter
from the stall over there whole local I
like that best your butter is there so
much that's what I stood yeah it makes
omega supreme
that's a
and we have the special peanut butter
brittle philosophy for Taylor yes potato
is different okay it's amazing and
delicious that's so professional easy
perfect thank you so much see ya you
guys want this done waffle they're right
here making them I've been very bad got
a donut it was between chocolate and
vanilla I went for vanilla apparently
it's the more popular one by will report
back right any you know come in man
we're trying as they say shit isn't
liking this donut so
you can tell a lot of Christians oh no
it's happy not happy it's just okay much
sugar on your lips right now much too ok
selfie stick is out again I love this
big so we just had a lovely time with
Jack and at least go and yeah lovely
peeps we will link their child down
below they did lots of travel vlogging
so if you're in student that Debbie took
them out what did you think of still
still not a big fan of the British daily
no I said that I said my truthful answer
before it was okay it was alright yeah
no I have to say that not as good as
Timmy's we'll leave it at that
no the goodness didn't so we just got
home and I just think I love this stick
you really show more of my body oh by
the way I should do an outfit of the day
so I'm wearing this t-shirt plain white
t-shirt and I'm wearing these uh like
phase trousers which are from ERISA try
to show the butt and then I'm wearing my
common projects shoes what on earth is
going on as one's cleansing the kitchen
with this razor being funny a lot okay
so your plan to get out there's an
actual name for this which I can't
remember do you remember no kids don't
try this at home anyway I'm gonna go get
groceries and I was gonna stay at home
and walk Reggie so I think I'm gonna
leave the vlog camera with him because
I'm just gonna be like buying fruit and
vegetables and probably some junk food
but not too much junk food because you
know trying to not do that oops sorry
guys I forgot to vlog didn't I and I'm
already home yeah we didn't really miss
much just a classic stand walk Reggie
went for about three and a half peas
didn't you Reggie I wouldn't call the
last when I've fallen out of the ye
would either okay pretty much info TMI
sorry
and while we were coming home our
neighbor stopped us I said would you
like some things I was like okay
other pros because I was so critics to
things like which like some figs is like
yeah we love some savory love steak
apparently he's got a fig tree in his
garden and he just picked them here's
some too lovely perfectly ripe figs that
I think we're gonna have as a little
snack later on won't we
oh whoa I mean what we're what were you
doing there
bending over like a regular person yeah
like a regular person
yeah I think you're doing it for a
little bit of extra attention now look
like okay Reggie wants dinner
immediately you see what this means to
me Reggie is you do you cute so let's
see what state god I think she decided
to booze it up and went to wait road you
find say I actually enjoy what you enjoy
food shopping well how it goes yeah yeah
cuz they have like different kind of
food good Oh rich velvet red wine and
Schlacht sauce what are you planning on
tonight darling trying to impress me no
it's just it was there it was that good
are you trying to impress darling no
back in my loungewear and my face mask
this is where I feel most at home
probably cuz I am at home anyway I'm
gonna do this beautiful face mask this
is a repurchase for me this is the
Charlotte Tilbury goddess skin clay mask
it says that it visibly lists smoothes
brightens and tightens pores for baby
skin and I just like it because it like
clears out my skin and it also hydrates
at the same time so I absolutely love
this mask and when I ran out of my
little sample that I had I had to buy
another one time for Reggie to get a
bone his favorite treat of them all hope
his eyes good boy that was this what you
doing here bud Oh nobody you can't you
gotta you gotta go but I gotta go back
to the nature bud
come on get on my finger bud and I'm
just about to reply to comments on my
new video that I just put up so if you
haven't seen it by the time this vlog is
up make sure you go check it out it's a
femme talk and I'm talking all about
like a couple of one magazine and a
couple of books that I really like kind
of about feminism and women empowerment
um as well as some other things like
standing up yourself and being a badass
and not apologizing for being yourself
so definitely go watch that and show it
some love I hope you guys enjoyed coming
along with us this Sunday I am also
going to edit this vlog tonight and just
chill out so we'll see you very soon
I'm gonna vlog on my birthday so I'll
see you on my birthday just a lazy
Sunday we didn't do much today we just
chose to vlog away on this lazy Sunday
see you later peace out and now on to
the s'mores chocolate cake in a skillet
and the loveliest I Metro will
demonstrate how easy this is probably
enough right don't give it a few more
