honey yeah okay you thinking what I'm
doing you yeah let's do this
hi kids as a Mitchell and I stay meet
your long-lost cousins of Captain
Mitchell's whoa famous author okay yeah
we are such fans of Cathy's healthy
cooking ideas not only healthy but
extremely fast and very easy you dump it
together to make something yeah so today
we're about to make some doves let's
don't we search the internet high and
low and finally got our hands on a
precious copy of quick and easy dump
cakes and more there are over 250
recipes in here like this and there's
even some pictures so we have gone
through and found two recipes that we
absolutely must make first up is the
chocolatey cherry dump cake that duh and
after we're done that we're gonna be
making s'mores chocolate cake in a
skillet because it's really low calorie
less calories than frosted cake
apparently don't know how many calories
a frosted cake has that a lot its are a
few I would think a lot I need a lot of
these recipes call for pop like Coke in
cakes so the first step is to heat up
your oven to 180 degrees Celsius or 360
Fahrenheit so the first step is to get a
nice big baking tray and spray with a
nonstick cooking spray cuz you know and
spreading butter on a tray is way too
hard
got it horrible what is this it's you
don't need to know just keep on
spreading unless you know what is inside
these ingredients to the better and guys
really excited
apparently you can get cherries in a can
use in bake so simply get the cherries
and dump dump it in there you go there's
one cherry and here we have two cherry
simple duck cherry in the pan
my grandma always serves these at
Christmas you know well you know cans
are dirty
yeah they're like haven't you ever heard
it like rats like poop on the tops of
cans I do yeah I wish me to like grab
Aslan's wrists like but then I didn't I
don't know where your cans are made but
I made them rat though Shen that didn't
happen
I just noticed that the cherries and the
spray are coagulating in the corner
hello I mean our delicious mrs. Cathy
Mitchell's favorite right here this
coagulation so the next super easy step
get some cake mix a whole pack about 430
grams and just sprinkle it over the top
dump that dump that cake mix baby
spread it up baby excellent job okay
now for the bottom OB wing kind of
cook and simply dump it right all over
this baby right here just right as
humanely as you can just dump there you
go oh wow I was not expecting above
why's it so frothy nobody knows
so this is key number one done you pop
this into the oven for about 30 to 40
minutes easy as that I have to say that
actually was really easy and fast hey
I'm Adam Mitchell Mitchell good Tony
would know your foot make him give me a
smile how hot and now on to the smallest
chocolate cake in a skillet and the
loveliest a Mitchell will demonstrate
how easy this is probably enough right
don't give it a few want this recipe is
a bit healthier because it's actually
diet soda
this is actually an absolutely fabulous
addition so if you're watching your
figure let's go for the small let's not
talk about the cancerous side of diet
ops but that's okay it's healthier right
yeah let's count this one
curiously no cake mix before soda this
time just straight-up soda right with
only oil I've ever done pour pop in a
skillet this is what is even going on
there that's very strange
okay got another box of cake mix and I'm
simply going to pour that into the soda
soda okay and now I had the assistant
will hand me a spatula no a whisk and
I'm simply going to whisk together the
diet coke and the chocolate cake mix how
does that look that looks like actually
looks like normal cake mix now mmm yeah
delicious next we are supposed to evenly
spread some chocolate chips over the top
of the cake mixture really and it says
some coarsely chopped pecans we've got
some hope you can but what I like to do
is just crush like this crush like a
cockroach and then simply spread maybe
sometimes et's call it heaven just
 like cockroach there you go
brushing it all over mm-hmm gently
mm-hmm works like a charm do you think
and one of the final steps now pop some
mini marshmallows all over the top there
that looks like a heart attack
try festa hard stack rainbow yeah so all
the colors are odd is a white chocolate
my chocolate and the last step is to add
some chocolate sandwich cookies we
didn't really know what that was so we
just bought two big chocolate cookies
and you're supposed to break it up and
add that on the top
it does this look appetizing to you yes
definitely I mean think of all the
calories are saving here by using Dane
Cook this makes it so healthy I would
never say I'm like the healthiest person
in the world but even I have my limits
and today we're going to test those
limits and now this little guy is ready
to go in the oven at which point we can
also check on our first cake in
fabulously well some of the powder is
not covered there so I'm not sure it's a
dump so now I gotta have that so the
stuff happens when you dump in 30 more
minutes until we can eat our dumps we
have finally removed the dump cakes and
I have to say they have been in the oven
for over an hour and they have still not
hardened it's a little bit liquid in the
middle there I mean it says to leave it
in for 30 to 40 minutes we left it in
for like an hour and 10 minutes and
they're still wet on the inside I mean
that may be because I'm not a baking or
anything
Ashley did with the fact that you put
coke in it you know maybe something is
coke coke this Pope hook through as a
baking ingredient not sure okay let's
it's time to scoop bit liquid top with
nice and crunchy the interior is nice
and liquid that is a steaming dump mmm
look at that dump okay and let's get a
little scoop of the s'mores s'mores in a
skillet Morris Borg
this one looks better for sure oh look
at that oh yeah actually looks a lot
better that looks like a real dump and
look at all that nice melted chocolate I
actually think this looks not half bad
not to ever yeah alright let's go over
to the table and test these babies the
proof is in the pudding as they say and
we are gonna try to put it homey
yours looks gross like those hair is
smell weird okay this is the super
calorific cherry dump cake so I get a
bit of cherry out of it chocolate and
one turn on top of very crunchy like
that contrast with you the crunch the
cherry
hmm a certainly interesting play between
the cherry and the rock-hard powdery
chocolate on the top is that hopefully
we're coming through and there's been a
secretary go it's like you luxury it's
recited drinking a really crusty old
hardened up Cherry Coke liquid you're
going back for more so it can't be that
bad
interesting cherry experience it's a
little thing so not my turn to try the
cherries and I have to say I hate these
cherries and I'm doing this only for the
video um please don't be so
disrespectful to Auntie Mitchell bit of
sherry oh my god I can't you have to try
the cherry at the whole you have to try
the cherry as well you know you're gonna
give it the whole yeah there you go
Oh smile you know like no out of five I
would give this a - oh I wouldn't give
it it - would you that's like one what
yeah okay now let's move on to the
s'mores cake the s'mores burgers click
the color let's get a bit of chocolate
bit of s'mores much better
it's interesting okay Joey checkers with
chewy texture that really gets me I'll
get a little bit of marshmallow a little
pecan mm-hmm a little chocolate I think
this is actually you could probably
serve this to somebody if you read it
can last about them this isn't it awful
no I think with a bit of vanilla ice
cream on the side you're supposed to
serve with ice cream that's what it says
that's a cap is awesome
would you agree this is Kathy the
texture of the Asheville cake is all
such you're better
oh I like this one okay it's not too bad
I wouldn't I wouldn't make it again yeah
I'll rate this a 3 out yeah if you were
like some way that was really like
what's a five of the five yeah what's up
this five like a five is like the nicest
loveliest design going and you're this
is a close to that Street oh my god not
close
if that wasn't one for me this is a tube
what are the takeaways from today what
we're done today today that baking can
actually be very fast and easy yeah but
it normally ends up facing terrible
mm-hmm for me my taker is don't dump
when you bake just bake dumb-dumb no go
not no dumping those two things should
be separate you know separate things
love the same so if you liked watching
us dump on camera let us know in the
comments below and let us know what
other kind of videos you want us to be
making you want us to keep baking
dumping cooking nice to see you guys
again
come see the next one bye so I just got
my keys and the leash to take Reggie for
a walk and I come back into the kitchen
to grab something and ashlynn is eating
this is the leftovers again the pecan
case why don't you just admit that you
love it just like a pecans I don't like
dogs
okay you're not even eating the pecans
right now I saw marshmallows
McKenney marker just leave me alone
unwell Kathy this is em again and
everyone
you're a drama so I have a flaw Patito
comma podcast control elderlies that you
are going to come on
yeah very soon yeah and my books just
come out
hey see this my life ready
I don't know what we're doing
yeah because of the direction and my
profit I thought you were gonna say some
Toby you said oh dear say so yeah my dad
you saw my first stop the waiting it's
all time for you to say something you
didn't okay good you didn't like that
