good morning to you guys that's a sling
banging around oh we're back in London
as you can tell from my less zen state
we had such an amazing summer I guess
it's still summer it's August which is
my birthday month just to let you all
know it's my birthday month so I love
August I've been away for quite a while
and so I'm just trying to get the ball
rolling again I just finished doing my
makeup and if you follow me on snapchat
you'll already know my obsession with
this like okay okay oh dang okay with
this palette that I made don't mind my
nail that's chipped it's chipped anyway
I went into Liberty and I made this
palette and I wasn't really in the
market really for a palette because you
know I have a lot of makeup but when I
saw the Troy Seurat counter I've wanted
to try choy Seurat stuff for so long if
you want to try try Seurat
don't wait it's as good as everyone says
it is and I adore this little palette
all right gang I am hitting the road
jack today this is my outfit I think
it's kind of cool so I thought I'd show
you let us start from the feet these
sandals are brand new it's my first time
wearing them they are from a sauce but
they're part of the Kendall + Kylie
collection cool things pretty cool my
trousers are from or Wistia my shirt
like sweaters also from Alexia and my
jacket is by brain called macaws do a
quick overall here start a baby working
I call it gladiator meets Street chic so
I am off to the post office because I
have some stuff I need to post off I
have to mail some a sauce returns and a
giveaway prize from one of my snapchat
get wasted I'm gonna go there first and
then I'm meeting a friend for lunch
I always do this but I have huge
blisters already just from walking for a
bit but sorry I'm almost at the lunch
location I've dropped off the post empty
day
it's unfortunately very rainy today in
London
why does August have to look like this
this guy is Francis
but not a fear in sight well I did bring
an umbrella but you know what it's just
like too far gone
there's no point putting an umbrella
because my hair is already completely
screwed but they love me anyway I am
closed the restaurant I'm going to the
Breakfast Club which I haven't been to
in a while so I'm a little bit early I'm
like 15 minutes are leaks on grandma but
it should be here it is let's pray they
have a table available so I I just did a
really bad longer thing and I didn't
like what we ate but I had pancakes and
eggs and you have yes here so this is
I'm again and everyone you're gonna say
I have a blow
my books just come out we're here for my
shameless on Amazon control oh yeah girl
for mine I meant to bring the book with
me so you can sign it but I forgot so I
have to find each other's yeah it's not
nerdy to me like Kenny's like my life
when I like know you anyway alright so
it's been amazing
deep chats laughter yes lovely so I just
got home and I thought I'd show you
Emma's book this is it
control-alt-delete how I grew up online
alright so I have just been hanging out
with people I've never met before who
came over to our place because I'm doing
a little filming thing on Thursday so
they wanted to come and make sure that
the lighting was good and they wanted to
like see what equipment they needed to
bring over and everything so just went
through that everything is good Reggie's
getting his ear scratched and he likes
it a lot Reggie how are you how are you
doing buddy oh my god so cute
whenever people come over and they meet
Reggie for the first time they're like
he's so calm I'm like yeah he's like
super chilled out scratch scratch
scratch scratch scratch scratch scratch
perhaps a black geo tongue twister
scratch scratch scratch scratch oh my
God look at his beautiful whiskers
so we thought we'd share something one
particularly annoying aspect of vlogging
with you guys so we've got the last
video here and if you've ever used the
final cut you know how annoying it is to
adjust audio levels and like you just
keep on changing the audio level and
then you're like screw it I have to
change every single one every clip - 27
yeah and actually because I stay got so
good at editing of the hell cut I gave a
little nickname to click or like making
videos like as live would take so many
times to like find the right number for
every audio clip and I would just be
like I can do it in two places
ok like give me two tries I could do it
in two clicks with other elements that
are caught gangster editor named cyclic
I'm not to click anymore no this takes
so long and is very reflective but guys
if anyone's ever edited in Final Cut I'm
sure you know why I'm like there's a lot
of clip there's a lot of audio clips
that you need to do this video now I
want a computer whiz to tell us how to
apply this to all Clips whoa well what
you could do is you can make a compound
click - or a compound clip with all of
them and then just adjust that one
compound clip yeah but is there a way
where you can actually manually like can
I just type in number 27 in here instead
of Leslie doing this yeah come on you
can do it you can do it 27 get it get it
get it
somebody's going to get a haircut
today's name is Lance oh hi I'm buddy a
hiccup so we do like a quick before not
that is what we're doing here baby
Shh okay this is the before okay and
what's gonna happen is I'm gonna put my
hood on and now we're
and now we are cutting too and this is
after magic wow it looks good yeah it's
a bit humid out there guys so you know
we can't all have the best anyway let's
see the slides yeah looks great no it
looks good made it to the park Oh Kate
just gonna pan over here cuz something
has happening over there so over here is
Gunnar
Reggie's frenemy occasionally they will
wave to each other at social events but
in general they hate each other
but I told him that's okay because you
don't have to be friends with everybody
it's okay if you don't want to be
friends with everybody as long as you're
nice that's what I tell him as long as
he's nice and he doesn't growl then it's
cool with me so I try to be cool and do
a cape and I think this just like so
perfectly sums up my life like trying to
be cool but never quite nailing it so I
didn't really have a chance to fix my
makeup at all today but I've been
keeping this in my purse for a special
occasion it's the Vice Harry light blue
light expert click brush and it's like
for lips
it's like foundation for on the go so I
have heard it's good but I just want to
test that myself cuz there's like a bit
of redness here that I've wiped off so
let's see so it's a rather large like
and you pump it and you oh shoot okay
thank God I didn't pump that much more
because it was already coming out so I
don't you pump it and it does that okay
and then I'm assuming you just daddy
daddy
speed bump warning this is like upper on
the go make up I I think like the idea
is that it comes with the brush it so
you don't have to like fiddle around too
much let's see god I think it actually
works pretty well I think you just
smeared it yeah I mean I have to smear
it in but this is a bagel this would be
poorly smeared cream cheese wash brush
is nice like Brahma go what can you
really ask for
let's do around the nose alright that's
doing a pretty good job yeah and the
thing cuz I met with the girls that work
with Terry the Terry and they were
saying that this has been formulated to
like put on top of your existing makeup
so even if you don't wear like by terry
foundation this is formulated to wear
even on top of like whatever foundation
that you like to use it's really like an
on-the-go product
I have to say I really like that
what is funny watching you deaf
my just oh look how it comes out like
that just add a little more to my
forehead I've been getting like all
these random spots on my forehead guys
I'm still here I'm just undoing my
mascara I always like to carry a mascara
I don't carry one all the time but if
I'm like no I'm gonna be out and about I
like to just Chuck a mascara and because
even though I don't like recrawl my
lashes on the go to add a little extra
mascara I don't know I feel like it just
helps as on things I'm crazy I just I
don't get how girls can do that
especially on the move like applying
mascara is like the most terrifying
thing any human can do I could not to do
it on the move are you a robot like even
how can people do it yeah I also have
the remnants of my favorite perfume this
is eccentric molecules its molecule one
you guys know what this is but there's
like focus focus you tell me the
autofocus is good it's not anyway
there's like nothing in this bottle you
can see a little extra in the corner but
I'm gonna use it now we are now here in
the Mayfair walking through the plush
streets of Mayfair and August 2nd it's
raining in London surprise surprise
lovely weather is there darling
quite enjoyable I know from the la vlogs
we talked about G wagons in London will
have a G Wagon - there's one right there
behind the Tesla holy swanky dude or
swanky in here innit
Thanks so we just went into what is that
whole Grosvenor gonna grab her house
which is like a super swanky hotel for
an event just a quick little mingling
sesh but we weren't allowed to vlog in
there I asked now we're gonna head up
for dinner
and it's a 15-minute walk from here so
let's pray it doesn't start raining but
I don't think about them and we're gonna
go to one of our newest favorite
restaurants it's called little social
the other time we went yeah anyway if
you guys remember was like one of the
best meals ever and it's my birthday
coming up and I want to go there for my
birthday I've said like 20 times in this
blog that it's my birthday month but ya
gotta make sure I don't forget like just
don't forget okay my birthday coming up
make sure you have something planned she
gave me a present no I get it last year
when you got me an iPhone last year a
son's birthday present to you was a lens
for my iphone that Jade a lot of
instagrams a lot of self food selfies I
thought that would might be it was more
the fact that like you woke up forgot it
was my birthday ran to the mall and got
a lens Friday the album story again I
literally didn't know what to like you
know what's again like I was thinking
for so long and this year I'm in the
same predicament I've been thinking like
for a month now
straight why is something nice for you I
don't know I already told you what I
want a huge jar of pink pickled turnips
and you won't listen like that don't do
that my ask me something longtime
girlfriend actually in love because it's
like you can give you pickles to my face
then we're gonna go to dinner and then
come home watch TV and eat pickles the
dream okay hello we're now in the
restaurant they did have a table for us
and we're here are stuffers what is this
so this I will not be able to say smile
until a woman
so but this is peaches and there's like
a type of cheese and then he's on that
shredded and some toast I have basically
garlic mushrooms on toast on garlic
mushrooms on brioche great oh my gosh so
we decided to get a steak for two
because we haven't been out on like a
little date in a while that's kind of
cute or we're being cute always so well
fried it's just it's not like the one
we've just come home and I've already
popped my hair up into a half bun and
put a moisturizing face mask on because
my skin is dry so I'm gonna wrap it up
we are so full we have an amazing dinner
but we're really really full now so I'm
gonna edit this vlog and also read my
book so I'm gonna chill out now but I
will see you very soon bye
he is what did you call him out in and
that will be first and last tight as
they ever calls Reggie that the first
plant we're going to introduce you to is
Matilda and I have to say we have no
idea what kind of plant this is
