today we're doing something that Aslan
and I have talked a lot about hold my
hand I think it's finally time that we
introduce you to our plants like that
synchronizing like wood effect just as
many as I so anyway today we're gonna be
talking all about our plants because
loads of people know that we are huge
plant enthusiasts and our living room is
filled with plants so what we're gonna
do is split this up into big plants and
then this small plant we're gonna tell
you how we like to take care of them and
we're going to talk about the ones that
die why they died I'm also going to give
you some tips about how to keep them
alive
so growing up I was never really into
plants like when I grew up when we have
many plants in the home but I think in
the last like 3 or 4 years we've both
come to understand the beauty and the
calmness like bringing some green into
your space can give yes it's all about
bringing nature inside rebalancing
re-energizing detoxifying let's get
started good day good before we go
anywhere I make this video let's just
pan the camera quick to this look at
this little guy oh my god oh he
is so beautiful he is what did you call
him out here and that will be first and
last iris day our calls regimen the
first plant we're going to introduce you
to is Matilda and I have to say we have
no idea what kind of plant this is we
got it at a garden center in London I
think we got the set Clifton nurseries
actually yeah I think so maybe and a
little story about Matilda is that when
we first got her we put her in a corner
where there wasn't that much light and
she was like dying like all the leaves
were kind of like these ones like just
drooped down but we moved it into the
sunshine and it started growing all
these little time
I leave things along the edge of each
leaf which is really cool and then it
even started spreading these ones out so
we don't really know what kind of plant
this is at all but I like it a lot
because it's very droopy and it's just a
really weird plant and in case you guys
like this planter this plunger is from a
brand called menu and then moving right
along to my favorite corner of the
entire living room is our big baller
cactus corner this is where our three
biggest cacti
no just cacti it's a very confusing term
our three biggest cacti live they are
beautiful this is our newest one we
named her Oh philia because she's just
beautiful and tail and gorgeous and then
we've got this one which has grown so
much since we got it we named this guy
Richard because what's the short
nickname for Richard its dick
so that's Richard this one's name is
Craig and we named it Craig because we
got it around the time and Craig David
was making his comeback so that's that
now I don't really know anything about
these cacti so I'm gonna pass it over to
add one who's going to tell you all
about them so I don't really know much
about them either to be honest I know
this is quite a common one you can find
these like if you search up by cactus on
eBay these are the ones that get sold
like all the time so this is the really
nice kind of like green one that's easy
to pick up philia is renting rare I
think because we were looking for years
and years for something like this like a
cactus that's a little bit different and
it took us like two or three years of
searching we finally found something
that's kind of cool
also we bought these at we bought this
one and this one at pretty much this
size they were really big when we bought
them yeah and that's the thing with
cacti they take a long time to grow so
if you want to have a big cactus you
have to buy one that's already grown or
else it takes like years Richard though
is the exception because we have had
them for years and years and when we
originally got him he was about this
tall but now as you can see he has grown
all the way up there so he has doubled
his length his good wasn't that great
but he wants the end
you've made a last-second fidget
ever-increasing gun he's a bit more
girly now we got home from our holidays
and came home to this bulge and we just
both cracked up because it's just so
weird because Richard London cactus care
really easy if you live in a hot climate
and it's studying beautiful all the time
first of all I hate you and I'm jealous
second of all you should water your
cactuses like very lightly every two
weeks
but if you live in the UK you don't need
to water them almost at all in the
winter like unless the soil is feeling
super super dried don't water at all and
in the summer in the hot months you
water them sparingly once every two
weeks or so this is Fiona our fig leaf
tree and we get loads of questions about
her and loads of comments if he'll be
like that fig leaf tree though because
it's beautiful it's huge it's big it
takes up a big chunk of the room but not
too much of the room the leaves are
pretty healthy and it's just gorgeous I
think this is probably like the only
tree we have House say yeah I think this
is the only thing you consider like a
tree yeah Fiona is a bit
high-maintenance because a you need to
find a good spot for Fiona Fiona and
other Fiona's like her do not like to be
in direct sunlight kind of dries them
out too much they don't like to be
completely in the shade either so they
want to be in a very light area doesn't
get direct sunlight so this is kind of
perfect for her over here and secondly
you really need to dust
Fiona's leave oh god the amount of times
I've watched as when Dusty's leaves
because they like a really need that
sunlight and if you have like a thing no
dust like that unhappy and they start
you can tell they start do like a little
bit brown like some of these leaves in
some places they're a little bit Brown
that's what I haven't been up on the
dustin this is our gorgeous monstera
plant and monsters are very hot they're
in they're fashionable they are aka
Swiss cheese Bonneville named Mona has
grown quite a bit as well actually since
we got it uh yeah
Oh like Swiss cheese pods are crazy
they will grow and grow and grow they
pretty they're pretty hearty so it
doesn't really matter whether you mean
they have to have some sort of light so
don't put them in a dingy corner but as
long as they get some sort of light like
they will grow and as you can see we
turn around
these are Mona's recent trimmings
because if you do have to kind of like
keep an eye out and trim her so we
haven't trimmed Mona in about a month
and as you can see she's starting to
take over so I think maybe like tomorrow
or something else maybe take off this
one and take off this one put them a
little bottle and put some water in
there and they will stay like this we've
had these for like months yeah and I
usually like give these away to people
too I think I gave Amelia one of these
leaves she probably threw it away but
amelia let me know did you keep it um
yeah like I just have this cool little
vintage orange juice container thing
that I got at a market and it just looks
so cool with a little leaf in there so I
love the monstera it is hip for a reason
onto the small plants this is our
disgusting terrarium which I am
constantly begging Aslan to get rid of
it's brown it's got all this crap inside
it it's amazing okay don't get look at
this this is a beautiful harmonious
relationship between a succulent and a
cactus living in one okay these are air
plants and I don't want to say these
ones are dead but I'm pretty sure these
ones are dead we have these little cork
balls in here which are cool I think as
on just ordered those from Amazon this
is what I deal with this annoyingness
this is a cleanse gold atomizer brass
atomizer yes
top air blood tip get an atomizer and
you can just like spray them just do it
once a day or something or once every
two days you really should we are
terrible on parents we cannot like if
you guys look over here these are some
air plants that have suffered the cruel
fate the English summer to the people
who don't know what air plants are what
are air plants so f ones are kind of
amazing because they don't actually have
any roots they get all the nutrients
and the water everything they need to
stay alive through the air
shoutout to this dead succulence was
nice knowing you
don't know what happened to you but
you're dead this is the danger of buying
plants off eBay guys unfortunately r.i.p
little succulent i think this is called
like a buddhist finger or something they
look woody it did look really cool when
it was alive yeah I didn't stay alive
for very long though so if you like
these little planters they're really
cool they're made by a little ceramic
maker in London called mellow made
ceramics link I think she's got a tumblr
or something so I'll link a tumbler down
below and a quick little overview of
what we have on this table we have a
little cacti here which is looking like
it's going to die this is the cutest
little thing it's like a little bear
with a succulent inside we have another
little pot here with a succulent and
that's pretty much it of course got my
crystals
use me elgyn what about this little bad
boy over here you got this recently and
it's been growing really well look at
this cool cactus yeah we need to put
every one actual hot radishes in here
yeah it's pretty cool we just like the
way that looked
leave us a comment down below who is the
hottest plant yes who what's your
favorite blood our favorite is by far
Ofili oh but we love them all beautiful
and gorgeous good look at her name she's
sexy dead booty doe I will leave you
with one more plant maintenance tip if
you kind of travel a lot or calm because
it to water your plants all the time get
yourself one of these self watering
planting pots so as you can see here
it's got a little indicator and a little
lid and this is the tunnel to the water
bar down below and what you can do is
you can fill this up and it essentially
just keeps the plant watered for two
weeks at a time yeah it's pretty cool
and then you can tell by that little red
strip if you need to add more water to
the tank or not and it just kind of does
it on its own which is really cool
let me just squat down
there you go test age level so I'm about
to go have a little funeral for these
two little guys we hope you love this
plant video give it a thumbs up if you
did like it because we want to start
doing more cool videos like this make
sure you subscribe to the blog channel
because I'm more blunt videos is like I
don't think there's any more frontier so
we could make this is it we've covered
it all alright that's it let us know
what videos you want us to make next and
we will see you next time bye
you
so I decided to come out without my
