hello everyone today's vlog is going to
be slightly different because I'm
actually going to be showing you some
behind-the-scenes footage of an advert I
was on set for a couple of months ago
actually before Christmas you have seen
that I work with Garnier on videos and
other projects etc so one morning I was
having breakfast with the team and I was
talking to them about
olia which is their hair color range we
just got to chatting and we were talking
about foreign cotton and I just off the
cuff as the spurned really use olia hair
color did she actually use it or does
she just lines they she uses in follow
blah and they were pretty like shocked
to hear that I thought that and they
were like trust me she uses it if you
don't believe it come meet her we're
doing an advertisement in a couple of
weeks we'd love you to come and like do
some behind the scenes so I thought okay
I want to get to the bottom of this and
I'm sure I'm not the only one who sees
haircolor advertisements and is like
girl girl so if you're just as curious
as me and you want to know what it's
really like behind the scenes on an olya
campaign then keep on watching and stay
tuned because burns does a really cool
surprise with one of the people who are
actually going to be in the commercials
so stay tuned the next clip I might look
a little bit different because it was a
few months ago but it still the same me
good morning everyone today I'm doing
something kind of unique and weird and
fun and cool so let's go inside check it
out what I'm most excited about is the
food because everybody needs a little
bit of food to keep them going
especially on a lovely large set like
this I'm going to go for some fruit and
maybe some toast so I've been let loose
behind the seams and they have like
loads of different clothes to choose
from like the color of this top hmm
so I come in here I have to be quiet
look like check out how many people look
at you it sounds something like this
and the director told me that this is
actually a very small set for her which
doesn't seem small seems very large but
pretty cool yeah so I'm in the area
where everybody chills out and watches
these screaming and they just make sure
everything is going according to plan
and we can see what's going on it's a
nice little overview so next up is trona
and she is so lovely I've been speaking
to her and she said she's a little
nervous it's her first time doing
anything like this
she's from Scotland so we were to see
and I'm sure she'll do absolutely
grating like my mouth is so dry I need a
drink I was like I got you from a lot of
time and module essential Scotland's
a rough with it and I was from classical
on a row so first thing about that
offense level in work your favor while
like their gosh it's a little simple
Damien laughs and
everyone's pretty but I finally managed
to track down Drona oh my god how did
you find the whole thing cuz you were
kinda nervous going in I was there in
there whistle I was going to have Sonic
is nothing to learn cause I might very
merit like brother so I have one serious
question dad
do you actually use olya yes Talia
really so this is actually always why
I'm here and you do it all the time all
the time and when you were on set you
could get a bit emotional what was going
on I could actually hear well my mother
and a vote in my early memories you're
here when she was young yeah and it just
made me think it's just nice it is
really nice
oh my god that one more thing Shraddha
has a blog so we're going to give it a
shout-out this is I liked ayl will not
write it is it does appear in our
holidays anyway your e-mail is easy
Island okay cool NEP beauty and yes like
I said oh yeah roughly yes care from you
all and especially go support the
Scotland girl thank you so this is
friend everyone and you were saying that
you actually color your hair yourself
with olya vision yeah yes be cool I own
you
why don't you ever do this pray I like
because I was really worried about that
it damage my hair - Colonia I have
blonde hair I would be terrified to do
blonde at home like because I just think
it's going to go bright orange but
you're saying that it actually did it
and it worked and I was practicing to do
honestly as quietly I I wish I was a
highlight even see ya
look since I was 18 yeah and I'm 41 now
so the next lovely lady on set her name
is Sarah and I just overheard her saying
that she's never had this much attention
in her life and I actually just saw her
getting her nails done and her hair
dried at the same time so it was very
glamorous
I think she's walking on set you guys
know I still beam with everything so I
do not want to spoil this but she can't
hear me now so she is a big fan of
Fearne Cotton and as you guys know fern
is a spokesperson for olia hair color
and very Sarah's we coming right now
actually started using olia because she
saw fern was using it and she don't know
but fern is here and she seemed
surprised her on set so we're going to
try go on off the director is going to
try to capture that meeting and I think
Sara's gonna be very excited I love
stuff like this who she's gonna go in
and surprise I am living to this
okay she's going in a pool yeah
continent okay isn't my gosh what is
taking so long
one time
yes I'm come believable oh you're
playing it cool so here is Sara as I
wanted you on the monitor urn like this
thing oh my god she's wonderful and so
beautiful
Wow I just saw her as well I was like
you're so tall and private oh and how
you would want somebody to be how you
hope that they were how people see me
you know oh so tell me about your hair
what is your hair story I know that
you've now got this gorgeous lovely red
guy yeah absolutely well I was really
just a plain brunette before my natural
color Venus it was dark Burnett pretty
nondescript really and I just wanted to
do something because that was a bit more
interesting but not shocking yeah what
degree so I didn't want to do anything
to strike yeah I think that's the thing
when you're in some aliens you think
it's like either bright pink or dull
brown you know and I wanted something in
the middle
and actually one of the most fantastic
things that's kind of this colors
obviously in natural daylight just
lovely danger to it but the minute that
any lights
it literally deleted deleted and its
expiry so give you can see it like under
the light green light so like shiny and
dumb it like really like it yeah it's so
much its multi-ton yeah it's not and
just to reiterate you are not an actor
I'm so no naka de
I am salad has been our ticket a kind of
rinse off site I'm going to be sedated
in so we are back behind the makeup
table and this is justina withdrawn oh
yeah I was just saying this is my hair
natural no blow-drying or anything and
this is like you wake up like this
basically as I head and you have it
always there at head naturally I have
got some time I finally really bad oh my
gosh and you're just saying that you
love the feelings of redness your head
yeah I avoid what any other Islamic
human that is your final minute blowing
cool and I am Ola vegam I've met two
more lovely ladies
we've got mother pucker and grandmother
pucker
this is correct right yeah psi Oh God so
you will both run a blog is that correct
yeah so why are you guys here tonight
well I think it's the kids
our whole vibe is about honesty and real
hit people were both parents I'm the
courser yeah got our granddaughter or
Grandda which is my daughter PA being
here today well because she's part of
the story - you know it's about real
people with parenting we're going to
Tesco we're like working I'm handing the
baby over to Mum and yes then she's
having a bad because we're both kind of
trying to make things work and I think
it's just about fitting in with your
real life and and I was sick and tired
of sitting in a half-assed for hours but
when I haven't got patients yes I just
haven't got patients so what I do I work
around it when I need my hair coloring I
think I'll do that tomorrow morning get
up early put the product on go and do
all my little jobs
II mean whatever yeah and then go with
an amazing ring with on you know before
I go out of the door I just feel a
million dollars a day it's just a great
easy cut anything you go to all the
night looking at the money yes and one
day I will say if you both have gorgeous
blonde hair and
the other thing that I'm so scared about
is to just put a box color and but you
guys really looks like so behind of them
that's what most people are they yeah
I'm good at it I mean there are bad
experiences like I've had it I've had
traumatic you've seen yeah I remember
remember the orange yet I went George
yeah like yeah go ahead
but it's and you gotta think inside the
box sometimes inside the podcast your
new campaign it's the big employers you
can have that for you so you just really
slap it on and you just know it's going
to be okay remember that time you came
around when I was pregnant he wasn't
really down in the darkness very heavily
fresh mint and I could see she was
almost in tears no cougar zero dresses
and I said well you know I can do and
she was it a bit reluctant I said I'll
go down to the chemist got the box do
you know she felt a million dollars when
I finished early she I've never seen I
show he's gonna treat me well when I'm
thinking mom's going to take care of
this well I've also little necklace well
I'm you know with the new hair a little
necklace she fell to do first
Wow together we did it in white pajamas
in Rio you know and she was honestly she
was really down and they like this color
it way about the same name that's what
these people need to know one one okay
so shade none I me one one two one one
two okay
wow so knit honestly and that's a true
story
you know picked up a girl who was down
in the DOM and a biggest color slept on
and a new necklace and she was just so
happy while I was the genuine blonde
like so do try it do that my ladies at
home so I'm here with lovely friend
everybody saved everything yeah okay so
do you know why I'm here today talk
about hair was nothing more yelling
but it all started when I was having
breakfast with the Garnier girls yeah
and I didn't believe that you did your
hair from a ball that one does I was
like apparently do it like I tell you I
really was just curious
yeah and I said you did and that's why
they invited me to come along and see
that people actually use this stuff and
I not so much like the biggest
misconception is yeah if you're talking
about a product whatever there's really
use it well I can confirm 100% that I do
yeah and I've seen women but you in this
campaign set yeah it feels like even of
youtubers like if we promote a product
people like there's no issues yeah but I
really wouldn't want to talk about it
authentically and passionately if you
didn't use it could you be being an
actress rather than a blogger in that
like after when you're doing it would be
alive and there's no point in you know
I'm not very good at faking either me
neither
I'm so excited as I arms got Glover law
yeah as long as I'm yeah but I heard
that you like your hair blonde because
people chose it for you in veteran yes
so that was the first campaign was and
putting it out there to see what color
people thought I should go and that I'm
actually quite nice just giving up a
sports ability to someone else and they
chase nine points three golden blonde
which on a surprise boxes always go
bleach bleach bleach white yeah and it
is a slightly darker blonde that I would
normally go but I really learn so that's
nine point three by which we go
underground yeah and it's I love this
color it's a slightly warmer tone than
what I use before suits my skin color
you know and other people who chose the
color and yeah I'm like overall very
absolute and condition wise look how
long your areas and you think that it's
making a difference dyed hair with this
olia stuff yeah it is as you can see
shiny and it doesn't feel broken or
brittle Ahamed a split and all you use
project feels like you've used to
conditioner on it yeah I mean yes
strangely London
your hand it's crazy is that the longest
you've ever had it it wasn't even long
this is the case but this is the longest
probably in adult life I'm trying to go
full mermaid that's a plan like I tried
but then everyone's just like keep it
sure you know what they've stood turn
out your hair like that listing on
Thomas get over again no do it exactly
you know like I'm following them before
I know it someone's happy oh no I think
it looks really nice long Oh fine
well thanks for hanging like darling and
the last lovely lady of the day is Hana
you gorgeous have a hair up like that I
like it this is higher so short I can
never do it I will I'm doing it so you
have I'm here a disaster yes but tell me
about a girlfriend's name
or you can fold it I know I mean Caronia
sighing orange and then I was like well
- Oh without me so I decided to try and
oh yeah because I had it done and I
didn't quite a quiet life maybe in a
physical way of eject and everything is
behind myself completely to the results
you know what you need to use and then
once I've done it it felt better than
what it was before
Wow I know can you believe that I
actually can't is like I have not tried
it and everybody's saying that yeah and
I don't I don't recommend it enough I've
been using everything and you would
never think that a procedure
funny
so that was it that was my first time
ever being on set for an advert I
thought it really interesting to see the
behind the scenes of what it takes to
actually put something like this
together and I had a great time meeting
everyone and chatting to everyone and we
saw in the video everyone on that had
only positive things to say about olya
so that's good if you do give it a try
let me know what you think leave a
comment down below or tweet me I want to
see you mid hair color I want to see the
process of you dying your hair that's it
from me today I hope you guys enjoyed
this and I will see you in my next vlog
