hey guys so today we're going to be
taking another little walk around rye
and doing whatnot but today's be special
because the whole blog be shot by our
friend George or some of it anyway hey I
charge this is George isn't eq excuses
car one second i'm george i take photos
and make videos he there's a takes very
nice photos and he makes some great
videos and he has a really cool channel
all about film photography it's really
cool you should definitely check it out
i shot a couple of exploits for it
actually i know i know that he he's the
real deal he really cares about my own
photography so will link his channel
down below so you guys check it out and
most of this blog will be courtesy of
george's camerawork good morning again
from the beach say hi hi that's not
Aslan is it man that's not the face they
are expecting to see this is Greg Greg
is at the beach we're at the beach still
and we're we're at the beach with a
bunch of people I don't even know how
they got here but I'm gonna zoom in on
each person we do like a sitcom intro
like have some funky music and each
person has their own shot you write
their name underneath
so many pictures have been taken on this
trip unfortunately this one of Aaron is
blurry let's not worry it's like
overexposed George great
Adrian and probably the best one yet I'd
say is Greg in the middle like
definitely like best color wise so we're
doing a vlog today and I thought we fun
to take some pictures of people and
we're using a Polaroid Land Camera
it takes PAC film Fuji PAC film and got
some Fuji at the black-and-white iso
instant it's sharp
it's sweet let's take a photo of a stay
and have a look how the results are
three two one nice again pull out this
time the main photo wait for 20 seconds
when you peel butter and then you get a
photo stay still overexposed dang we
have a parking incident going on
will they get their ticket will they not
find out when they get back unsuccessful
what's the story
basically the ticket machines aren't
working and we're gonna be hashtag
risking it all and it took my money to
pound 50 2015 no ticket I so we're
asking old for an afternoon right
persons are the same thing ticket
machine has taken our money and not
issued a ticket I'm here nice
yeah the classic OOTD of the day we've
got Aslan rocking the classic linen
whites we've got esday with the the chic
jumper first one one shut good job Craig
hired so we're back at the standard and
because we loved it so much and we're
all hoping that they have a delicious
Sunday roast which we've already asked
and they do so that's probably what
we're all going to get so here you join
us a part two of the OTD of the day hey
guys I've got some hot tips for
accessories you don't need to spend all
the money on accessories look what I
have on the street a paper clip and I
just put it around Greg's finger and it
fits so perfectly he loves it
um I don't know if you guys know this
but I stays really allergic to mosquito
bites and here's the proof look at this
intimate mom from a single mosquito bite
and like it's actually hard to the touch
don't worry everyone I've been to the
doctor about it I'm guessing it's okay I
just she she's not exaggerating it is
like we have to really take a bit high
bay so I just saw this really cool girl
and she's wearing the coolest hat ever
and she looks super fashionable and I I
said to acent oh I like her hat it looks
like a witch hat he's like oh my god
should I run after and see who who it's
by so he did and he's coming back with
the answer what did she say it's a south
korea exclusive cannot be gone
I am afraid venturing into the first
shop of the day George shake Gregg do we
have our first touches of the day yes we
do what is the first purchase a little
 on my girlfriend's father are we
going to see it it's wrapped in paper
but no a less later
stay tuned for we're getting ice cream
for flavor
I'm getting men break up men min is the
best flavor yeah
review out of 10
if you've never seen someone load a
medium format camera there you go hands
back at it again showing Fujifilm
through 400h in a Mac in a 6 7 BTS BTS
Bruce George Cheers
- stop - of the day and a little antique
shop it's kind of said that I'm ready I
want this little tea set
it's such a beautiful shade of yellow
it's pesto pastel
I'm not going to get it but I really
want it thank you guys you know how much
we love intently I know you vintage
markers with mean - but never my life
have I seen a Tapioca tin or a try skin
or a saw
I've seen rise of tapioca Sultana this
is unique right here guys why is a
unique place next up we have okay the
key way and thinking like this esta is
very excited for crystals
I never listened to this but I feel like
you could teach me a lot this is my
favorite piece in the whole shop it's a
Cadbury's chocolate block but it's a mug
crystal Ravi that is very blue like this
this this is eight pounds I just want to
just compare that to the shop in London
it's not what's yes this is 8 this is
only 19 pounds oh my god can we get a
reference for the people in London this
would be 60 yeah give us a chain yeah
and every year surprised to say here we
have the best OTD of the whole shop
we've got the olive big ham with the
crisps down yes red lipstick number four
from Chanel and then the nice pink yes
yeah yeah so here we have the crystal
Hall yeah so we're 2050 I got these
because I just really thought we could
do it tonight it's like a
glow-in-the-dark thing so well these two
stones together apparently they glow in
the dark you're supposed to wear eye
protection well
we've actually lost the rest of the pack
because we're too busy playing some
Pokemon go
so we have finished a try we're going to
go back to Shay Beach House for more
activities of fun
probably a Reggie walk on the beach
although I have to say it is getting
very thundery five out it is so hot and
muggy
yes verify the pumping so I don't know
it work catch out next time find out
next time yeah
so we've come to a soup farm shop to
stock up on some supplies for the beach
house
that onion though so farm shop called as
modeled by Aslan Kindle logs already
Greg is leaving us do you want the
reveal of the boat
oh yeah grand reveal of the boat the
grand reveal of the boat it's done the
crossword on the wrapper HMS Barnum oh
it broke we've been back for about one
minute and everyone's already on their
phones
so I decided to come out without my
shoes on to suck get rid of the
annoyance and inconvenience of Sandy
shoes because I forgot to bring in
flip-flops but no one told me we'd be
walking on the look on like real roads
but I've been told there's promised land
of donuts just in the horizon natural
I don't know can we get an initial taste
test review for the donuts that's
actually fresh I mean they were cooked
in front of your your face greasy and
extremely delicious - the thing about
very good are they that hot it was worth
it
what are you doing one out one to ten
ten hmm one to ten ten one to ten
so we have a lovely meal currently being
cooked up by chef Aslan looks looks
pretty good
what is what is it it's pea and pancetta
we're trying to have these stones
crystals are there you go George
Estee got I meant to make a spark when
you hit them together a little bit does
feel like a littering the floor was
sound wow you're really good so being an
amateur first-time Ruger that I am I
completely forgot to finish the vlog
before falling asleep so it is now
tomorrow and I am saying goodbye and
passing you back testing hello good
morning so I hope you guys liked
George's take over we just thought it'd
be something fun and funny to do and I
love George's YouTube channel so much
you guys know that George is the one who
took the photo on the cover of bloom and
he is so talented and he has a YouTube
channel called negative feedback all
about film photography at photography
and it's so beautiful and I love
watching it although I don't know how to
actually use film myself it's such a joy
to watch it honestly go check it out and
subscribe make sure you give this video
a thumbs up and follow George all the
links are linked down below and I will
see you next time on a regular vlog
because sadly George is leaving now this
is last day so I can't make him vlog for
me anymore but I will see you guys next
time for a regular vlog bye
