edgy what the hell is this one you're
protecting us their infiltrators out
here they're infiltrating the grounds
legit come on
doing what oh thank god now so as you
may have noticed this is not our normal
place in London we're not in London at
the moment we are on the beach in the UK
enjoying more beautiful summer holidays
it's actually very nice sunny day today
this is your first time British seaside
isn't it kind of yeah we were here last
I know but not like a proper like home
it is the first proper proper British
experience definitely on the seaside
yeah
and Reggie is loving it as well even his
duvet cover is like nautical theme
he likes to he likes to make sure these
accessories match it's working out
anyone Reggie is that whenever he goes
on holiday especially this place here he
becomes an alter ego called Regis and
Regis is one annoying little guy he is
so confident he refuses to listen anyway
he's got major attitude witness I think
if I'm not wrong I'm pretty sure we met
Regis for the first time on this Beach
like last autumn yes and he became Regis
and if we did I think blog about it but
maybe you guys don't remember but anyway
he does up an alter ego where he goes
slightly insane and we're here with our
friends George and Bailey and they
Panama they didn't I don't think they
fully understood that he has two
personalities at last night
Regis came out yeah and everyone was
shocked to safely hey chuckling cos
Reggie is normally so Placid and it
doesn't really get too excited about
anything but when he's Regis he lets you
know who's boss
people he shows you and he's showing us
right now by not looking at the cameras
like don't film me I'm not giving you
permission where's my release form so
George has requested a green juice so I
thought I'd show everybody how to make
one so you got got the banana here then
you've got the two tube fruit right
there but now the two fruits chopped
them up put them in there
this is a green smoothie don't forget
the kale that I add more like two
handfuls of kale very important this is
the thing that makes it okay and then
just stick it on the blender for about
two or three minutes and then your
Bristow is what I made earlier it's
green and it's a smoothie
yay opinions on green juice you gotta
sell it here you know people are
watching this and they're thinking I
don't want to make this if it's going to
be I think it's refreshing refresh
I like the consistency it's not like
it's very smoothie not very juice juice
is misleading okay so there's more green
smoothie yeah okay it's more healthy you
don't like it do you ready sometimes I
do is that the face you make when you
think of it no my eyes are very
sensitive like I mentioned I have blue
eyes and there are more sensitive than
the average eyes okay okay all right
lady butch
would you like to let everybody know
where we're going we are going to rhyme
archit woo woo I heard it's our world
wild knock it down I heard that as well
hey Dean so you want to pick up handbag
with a lady maybe um maybe it'll
souvenir to remind us of this time hey
maybe wear these sunglasses um
yeah why not you need sunglasses it's
like okay I mean those look good okay I
meant to say Leslie good yeah what yeah
this is like is this three different
bags okay I have a system don't hook up
the system George there's a system don't
screw it up it mates negative feedback
episode right here right now we are now
going to the market and I have been
rocking this hat so much and everyone on
snapchat has been loving it and it's
from a store called George I and me yeah
and I will link them down below because
it's a really cool new brand that George
introduced me to
and anyway this hat is really cool and
at first I thought it was really weird
but I've been wearing it every single
day and everybody he's always
complimenting it so maybe it is like a
thing I can pull off I don't know maybe
I look insane also I don't think I'm
ever going to get used to walking around
with sand in my shoes it feels so wrong
so here we are it's Thursday so on
Thursdays and Ryan is the market what
George wait oh hey it's the ukulele
festival one zone third of July we
Sunday or what we missed them afraid
George and I want to crush the trees
what we missed it sorry so yeah we're
gonna just pull walk around it's how
look what kind of bargains we got in the
Neil market here
of course the stays naturally drawn to
the glassware
I'm you're looking this is actually in
three pounds he pounds a little wine
decanters that's not a bad deal pretty
good deal I'm getting kind of excited
about this if you guys know but that's a
flip video and this is like the og use
my god we used to use that we that's
exactly used to use when we used to send
each other little daily vlogs I shall
never be seen ever be see the vlog
channel they were waiting boys YouTube
channel we used to vlog each up for each
other
it was so weird lame that we used to use
a flip oh my god that's row by row back
remember when I tried to learn how to
knit
if only I kept up with that cuz I could
make the cutest tea cozies like a weird
mix between a fish and an elephant a sec
it's really cute I like those this was
like so big when I was a kid a coloring
sheet or whatever but this was velvet I
didn't know they still made these but I
loved them so much we just tasted and
purchased some fudge by Stan and Millie
and I do wonder was that guy Stan who
sold that to us I can do mini George
things he was really but I'm pretty sure
you Stan and it was really tasty we got
mint and salted caramel we're just
laughing because this is Regis on a
t-shirt this is Reggie gone Regis
this is his attitude it says it all
really doesn't it I'm keeping on a
beautiful gray greyhound well it's
actually called blue that shade is
called blue a beautiful dog we should
have brought Reggie film and camera
enthusiasts Aslan has a story to tell
shooting about m3 it's not an m3 it's a
little biscuit box that looks exactly
whoa I'm also not who's that hello
open it up oh cool it was there two or
just one missed one you took it yeah
poor George
I didn't even give him the option to be
honest I was like I'll take it oh how
much was it can ask 10 pounds it's
actually not that bad something I may
see him something like this we thought
it was a real carrot it's relatively
like well mate like embossed in the
right parts and everything
Oh congratulations well maybe you can
look online and find more tins whether
this is vintage visual collective by
elite tins Estee loves shopping so she's
shopping it's price price she wants a
jumper click this shop look at these
cute teapots and everything is so
British so we have made it to the
standard in and it is such a beautiful
day outside and we're all sitting on a
beautiful patio it's really nice scenery
and we're just discussing what we're
gonna get we're very curious about what
is the suit of the day and what is the
pie of the day I'm hoping for vegetable
soup and chicken pie whatever but we'll
see this is really the biggest thing
I've ever seen it's like the size of a
cat like it's actually the size
so in one of my previous blogs I said
that America is the only place that does
decent macaroni and cheese which is a
really harsh and upsetting statement to
a lot of people but to all you British
people you've just proved me wrong
because this is some of the best
macaroni and cheese I've ever had
admit that it's amazing marry me and
good cream-cheese ratio perfect mac and
cheese we're walking along this very
stony little pathway and it feels so old
like this these rocks could be like
3,000 years old pretty cool
he is following us everywhere we go
tried to attack Reggie two days ago and
I'm not letting it happen again we have
now ventured to Salt's farm shop kill
most fell over I would have died lovely
um anyway they as well and George have
been recommending this place because
they saved very cute I'm excited to go
inside some lovely little cakes this one
looks really good it's only four pounds
fifty oh my good I don't mind a cake
that's actually a really good price for
something that somebody's made oh my god
look at these giant loins honey look at
these meringues
they're huge no it's icing we're all
very excited merely because you can buy
these like frozen
croissants oh my god panel Chocolat
I think what Reggie aka Regis is now
gonna get taken on his walk and he's
excited hello
enjoying the hammock there actually
feels great on my back does it yeah
let's see how good it looks on the back
does this actually look good on your
back I'm not sure this doesn't look good
of your back but perhaps Oh God but it
just is such a nice stretch I mean it's
a lovely spot it's a lovely spot
especially if you do the bird's-eye view
here Niki's have this above you as you
swing which is very nice look at
hunger's he loves it
love the kissing come on let's go that's
with the beach let's go mom is about to
be unleashed
George's will not stop shooting film
will you George will you ever stop
shooting film right look at this his
weapon I'm gonna take some sweet shots
I'm sweet shots I thought you're gonna
point out the fact but I didn't have
shoes on yeah where are your shoes
George what happened well to save the
shame of being carried that's what gave
the shoe less embrace stay uh stay
grounded Raj Raj why don't I call Roger
seize the shot and takes it oh we've got
a has it up ahead
Reggie HUD it's a hazard let's go around
this hazard you can do it Reggie you woo
George is the loving of life right now
I just had to quickly run back to the
house because the battery was dying to
catch up with these guys and I was
running so hard only to realize they're
right there
let's do fire we're on the beach no dogs
allowed that way but when coming out on
this way so we're all right Reggie hates
the pebbles oh she refuses to open them
they're little too hard on his little
paws I think you should carry him again
pretty much okay all right final time
let's go to the beach buddy
all right you can probably put him down
now I was like no I'm taking him the
whole way good boy he's like that's
right I could carry the whole way in
case you're during that's George making
the seal sounds George's never felt so
one with the earth before yeah he likes
to have bad feet
you
well what is Reggie doing Reggie I don't
think you might be sitting he's like a
seal that's what he wanted to be a
little baby seal I just dream you're
right buddy
I like it over that are you like the
water energy you done with that anymore
as one's gonna see how deep he can get
Reggie to go in the water because
yesterday Reggie went completely
swimming it was insane like we never
really thought Reggie would be that keen
on the water but he absolutely loves it
Oh
he's like nope I am turning back
register relax his tongue is out he's
just relaxed out with his tongue
cutie look at that little tongue action
it goes torrent on the beach whoa
the torrent the story is pretty strong
look what Reggie's done dogs kick their
leg out when you scratch them in a
particular spot yeah and Reggie's never
done it before yeah
wait great for it it's there somewhere I
saw it yeah he wants to go find it he
did it he did it slowly it's really
there but not quite okay all right all
right I think that's it from us I'm
sitting in the Sun blinded again Oh
huh screen sensor as Mike you're
squinting so much but I'm literally
staring into the Sun anyway hope you
enjoyed it we will be logging a few more
times at the beach house don't you worry
but we're just relaxing enjoying
ourselves having a great time got some
more guests coming up tomorrow so that
should be fun so anyway we're going to
end it here and we will see you next
time bye
