it's 8:00 a.m. on a Sunday morning but
everything is okay because I'm gonna be
awake in about two minutes when I get
steeped tea involved in my waking up
process today we are going to where are
we going we're going to the Royal
Botanical Gardens in Burlington because
me Aslan and my mother want to take my
grandma on a little day trip and she
can't go too far but she wants to go
somewhere where there's nature and
merrily this place is nice so that is we
would go in today where indeed
Burlington Ontario not the month good to
know another important fact that you
need to know Louis has been pestering us
all morning haven't you buddy you've
been pestering this all morning right
last night too and all this morning I
think he really likes us I think he's
getting used to us right now I don't
mean but all your grass your grass okay
let's get rid of it
naturally we have to stop it - Martin's
before any road trip commences just look
at all these guys Timbits are my life
they are doughnut holes if you have no
idea what they are and the doughnuts are
delicious and I am trying to refrain
from getting one so yeah but I think mom
said she's getting a 25 Timbits exciting
Tim it's authorized
mary says we'll be there in five minutes
there's a team name has been chosen to
know what the team name is kelly mary
myself just like i said guys goes in and
out you know what you have to say this
time around i definitely it was all
going so well until we realized that
there was not a foot rest for grandmas
feet so unless you want to have a major
ab exercise this is not gonna work yeah
like this luckily mom is coming to the
rescue with another wheelchair provided
by the Botanical Gardens I don't know if
these are made to off-road here we are
at the Royal Botanical Gardens never
been here before new experiences are you
thrilled that you got in for free
because you're a caregiver
plus we got the hottest bag in town
mm-hmm let's roll
thanks literally yeah let's roll
well no matter where as I than I go we
find the plants and we are now entering
the atrium have you ever seen something
like this I've never you're not allowed
to touch it but it is so tempting like
whenever you see a sign that says do not
touch it's like all I want to do is
touch it grandma has found a turtle and
I don't know if she's ever seen one up
close before
she's really excited she thought there
was two but one was actually a
reflection
there's some serious painting
consideration now I know what you get
yourself and have it from I've been
going to the gym yeah I've been
preparing myself for months for this
Mary finally made our way outdoors to
the actual gardens and we're hit with a
pretty beautiful sight I think grandma's
quite excited I don't know like grandma
have you ever been to a garden like as
big as this yeah yeah so it's a first
for her and it's gonna be good so we are
now in the Rose section and it smells so
rosy like you guys know I love Rose in
general and there's so many roses here
it's so cool
there's my squad that's my squad go
squad grandma have you ever seen
cacti as big as that in real life no
yeah I know you haven't even in the
desert yeah so that's pretty cool that
they can actually grow cacti like this
in Canada I mean what do they do in it
in the winter yeah and grandma don't you
remember how you used to have these kind
of flowers yeah in your garden that's I
always remember that
I always used to milk the fuzz off it
yeah so annoying yeah I was really
annoying now we've just discovered
there's koi fish in this beautiful pond
and actually grandma I don't feel like
you've maybe even seen a koi fish or how
oh you've seen them no I whoa
those are like catfish or something did
you see that yeah the white and the
orange I think it is beautiful so
apparently there's some bees in this
thing
it states to open the door and have a
look any bees in there I'm scared
actually there's nothing there's there's
no bees what's over
it's probably like that colony disorder
let's kill them off I always loved these
blue purple flowers they stood my mom to
get them in the summertime and she
actually always would but I always
thought they look like dr. Seuss now
grab my mom are gearing up for a photo
as one I are like thinking maybe we
should be the ones in the wheelchair
because I was like my back is completely
gone but now when you are waiting for
the shuttle bus to take us over to
next location this is a really exciting
moment because Aslan just screwed
screams yeah I've never been on a school
bus before I call this a cheese bus and
I used to ride when they successful
every day it's really a look at this and
it goes all the way to the back what a
big thing huh so how many kids would be
on the bus like this when you were going
to school fifty okay wow that's a lot of
kids back to school see the people
vacated the seats you're the cool Gator
back
like really important to me about like
these little mirrors you can kinda see
the reflection of this room
we have now made it to the brand new
facility which is actually all about
rocks so this looks really nice we're
all excited to see the rocks
I mean it's rocks could talk eh if rocks
could dock
hey honey if rocks could talk what would
they say
Azlan has a very cool film canister
holder which I suggested that he
purchase and he was reluctant and now he
loves it so he's just reloading his
camera I didn't you know what I didn't
even understand what it was and then I
was like holy crap these are actually
these film holders by Japan camera
hunter mr. Bellamy he's like a he's got
like some sort of presence on online and
it was random that we just found them in
this store yeah you know because you
normally only find them online from his
store yeah it's really cool
and now we're just talking about this
poem that my grandpa used to say all the
time and now grandma is gonna recite it
you can't change your nature it is
beyond your reach
oh it's your dad oh it's not grandpa oh
because I was like I've never heard
grandpa say that oh it's your dad
we just stopped off for a little pit
stop I'll get the bologna sandwich I'm
like we're not buying anything in the
gift shop as they find something I'm
like okay look at this this is perfect
this is the perfect gift for it you
always like to get him a little
something from the halls and this is
okay it's gonna get the color oh wow
this is quite a selection no jokes
yeah special snakes time I'm personally
feeling the purple and black that's most
gangster oh the blue you know it could
match his new duvet covers
that's me okay if I had to pick I'd go
with a purple let me see the faces yeah
I think the I think that one yeah the
purple okay okay I've changed my mind
I want the green one he's gonna let me
have this one this is a classic example
of pick your battles as Linda freaking
out because these hand puppets that are
extremely realistic are very expensive
they're forty five dollars and nobody
got time for that now the gang squad is
that heading into Ikea we love like hear
so much we even go here not holidays
this Canada Day weekend and it is busy
and I care today
me and marriages shopping and picking up
some essential supplies straws a very
cheat how much were these Murray 79
cents wow that's a great like Corral
we're great value in buyers regret if
you found another snake and I care but
listen there ain't no rattle at the end
of this one lady no he likes that the
rattle makes it Chuck it surprised even
though wearing when you find something
that you've been searching for your
entire life is ladies and gentlemen a
pale green of velvet cushion cover
basically this is the exact same color
as our bed and material
I mean it's dot that's darker than the
bed verse and because she's getting the
green she's gonna get some cream as well
ladies love shopping shopping it's also
like any outside space that's organized
okay we like more support for me with
your purchases signing out mate is
shopping it looks like that oh that's
just sexy I don't know
the alum is an unstoppable shopping
creature a giant clipboard Mary I
thought you were the shopping addict
turns out that is actually Kelly they're
way worse than you at least you're
buying stuff that's kind of useful for
the house realize this is my interview
was that Moochie kids repeat that on
camera
deal what's this you go ahead
this is cute don't panic
whatever you do don't panic I feel like
a teenager like we've snuck in somewhere
got a little hideout somewhere you know
a little hideout like here you wanna
stop making out or something
Joe's inside again yeah you have a good
time in feeling tired one out feeling is
leaving
we're back at home I'm having some a
jalapeno crisps and stays back the
grilled cheese okay
we love relaxed whoa time kind of flew
very quickly that didn't it yes now very
much later on and we are about to go to
bed basic didn't do much we actually
watched a pretty interesting documentary
Netflix yes fear of 13 that's the fear
of 13 it's about this guy who was
imprisoned under wrong evidence and he
was based on death row for 21 years we
love these shows recently doing people
being imprisoned under the wrong
circumstances we love that yeah yeah may
be a murderer this serial we love it
yeah a lot of that happens a lot of them
more than we probably even know
basically that's a stay stone for a wrap
this is I don't want to go to bed I'm
really sleepy yeah me too I hope you
enjoyed coming along to the Botanical
Gardens we certainly did we like going
grandma loved it because nice to take
Mary out I think this is actually gonna
be the last vlog from Canada because
we're leaving the day after tomorrow and
we're not doing anything tomorrow so
we're doing a vlog but we have a lot
more exciting vlogs coming up for you
guys this summer in England and to give
you guys a little hint the place that
we're going rhymes with Meech mouse yes
Oh peach brows that's it right no no are
in the second word Pete Rouse Pete Rouse
there's no our buddies house doesn't
rhyme with gross house looking grass
that those arrived no because it
shouldn't be ger it shouldn't be earth
she goes grouse in the house it rhymes
not exactly the same I leave this in
revealing the second part of it the
second part it is house and the first
thing rhymes with Mouse nope first the
first word rhymes with peach or meat the
second word is a house white the riddle
actually yeah but that will be happening
fairly soon us to come back to England
so peach gross don't don't worry my
nails will be hitting up this channel
soon make sure you subscribe hit the
other button like it's not really know
is not yet as read I think is it red
tell me hit the yellow button video they
will never subscribe just make sure you
subscribe favorite this comment retweet
this to all your friends about this all
your friends Oh every single one of them
tell your mother about it everybody
that's us
we're saying goodbye see you later to
tide little toads bye bye
