I'm going to be taking my mother's car
and you're going to do importance I
don't have to say this is like every
cynic Tim's OTD is it in Mertens over TD
today stole my mom sandals the most
comfortable pajamas
so are you driving or am i up to you and
again dude keys um alright that okay
well you drove last night
so what where are the keys oh yeah crime
I did turn what did I put them on enough
so I stays back at it with the manual or
stick shift as you might say girl from
North America and you are pretty dang
good at it are you I learned to drive on
a stick Annie
I'll die by the step no probs shifting
gears like a pro look at that second two
was this is fourth maybe this is hard
for downshift I gonna blip Auto blip on
the downshift you like pump the gas a
little bit on your downshift to match
the engine you guys mode so we are at
st. jacob's and if you guys ever find
yourselves in some Jacobs in Ontario and
highly recommend the farmers market just
there very good on three times a year in
the summer I mean three times a week in
the summer and it is an excellent market
they used to have a building that I
burned down but now they rebuilt it did
an excellent job on my head
lovely place in the summer check it out
you won't regret it pasta you won't just
regret it so convincing
thank you I actually really do like this
is Jacob that's where I stay always gets
a year supply of maple syrup stuff
yeah although my dad has just started
making maple syrup so now he's my he's
my plug and when you come to San Diego's
farmers market you'll find some cows of
the field next door look at this
gorgeous like a really picturesque kind
of old school farm that's why I love
about Canada you get this beautiful
scenery and these kind of old Amish farm
is so nice
welcome to Canadian suburbia the land
where dreams come true look at all these
houses every single house here is a
freaking bungalow it's not amazing
the detour in place but it's okay guys
Tim Hortons open here we are here some
to Canadians already loving it
drive through my pijama oh yeah have to
go to the drive through and as I say
every time this was my first job at the
st. Jacobsen Hortons in which I got
fired from if you read my book you'll
find out why I got fired okay that's
very good I won't say okay okay come on
now we're gonna get a farmer sandwich do
you want to I suggest the biscuit but do
you want the wrap I'm definitely the
biscuit
I want the biscuit I don't know what
should I get to drink then not a dark
roast coffee no I don't want a coffee
right now okay
what's something cold ice cap no um wall
we're open maybe ice cap yeah maybe give
him a small ice cap original don't fuck
this up I know for you hi can I get two
farmer sandwiches please on the biscuit
I'm could I also get are getting a nice
cut a small too small ice caps
okay and a medium dark roast coffee
black okay no that's it straight to
summary thank you sorry is there to
farmer sandwiches yeah okay thanks
thanks alright sorry I just didn't want
to double-check there just oh my god
drives your anxiety isn't it
oh god please active I could I just say
this is this is how you talk normally as
soon as you put off the dog drives to
you good now this is a big faux pas
ordering this much definitely drive
through like I I wouldn't normally do it
but just because I'm in my pajamas
yeah and the girls had a pre pissed on
the phone hey yeah oh she's like okay
Rampone napkins okay thanks very much
bye okay here we go oh my God look at
this guy's or the dark roast and then
the two ice caps it's the dream come
true my mom is like obsessed with that
darker shit I am I'm supposed to be
answering emails but I think I'm gonna
go in the pool because I want to relax
today so hot outside it's really early
still it's 11:00 in the morning but I
just wanted to swim in I didn't buy this
swimsuit for nothing so I'm gonna see if
I saw diving in let's see it's blue a
while since I've dove divin but let's
see if I've still got it
oh come here look at look at this
appealing guys look at this feeling on
the shoulder and that this is focusing
good oh yeah right there yes yeah that's
summer skin baby you know cold it's
gonna be okay yeah you can do it we
believe in you yep is it freezing it's
freezing
oh my god it looks pretty good job right
back in like it's like biking water went
right up my nose oh good
suta so my dad I'm like gonna die
alright so Aslan has a launcher
there you go on the map you could see
that but this is our so endless fun for
Louis I have just convinced as when to
dive for you guys it's actually not that
cold and it's probably warmed up yeah
slight belly plugs your major curtains
okay so today's trying to figure this
thing out a little flotation device okay
come on you can do this I believe in you
he's got a I told you it's chilly
don't think your things gonna float I
mean I don't understand give it a go
come on you can do this I believe in you
oh yeah okay I mean you're flooding on
top of it it's like a workout is it
you're gonna stabilize I don't know is
it I gotta touch yeah what a very
expensive something
no it's shaped like a bum you meant to
fit in that but you can use it like that
if you want I'm confused as to what this
is what is that dacor but I can see it's
coming in through the the inlet hole
like is it yeah it's kind of cool
we have an unexpected visitor Louis does
not like the dark so he's making sure I
have a target gun
nice work Louis that's why we have you
around after a very full day of swimming
and just chilling in the Sun which was
really fun I hopped in a shower and I
put on like a little bit of makeup not a
not a lot just enough to make me feel
like somewhat normal and now we're
heading to our friend Mitch brights
barber shop because my brother needs
haircut and I'm
introduce you to the Mitch brain so Eric
got a new car Congrats it's a nice super
STI and today does not like the handling
capabilities let's hear that
Blofeld Eric
oh yeah does that turn you on that sound
so we've made it to is it called Mitch
bright barbershop you're hyper it's
called spearhead barbershop and you're
not ready for this tattoo action oh my
god this is Mitch who I grew up with I
feel like you're too tall for me but I
grew up with Mitch you've seen me at my
weakest moments taking naps in front of
my mom's fireplace every day after
school yeah he's seen it all during the
pool yeah everybody told me he hit
pretty much so many laundry detergent
depands we don't do that I wasn't there
for that yeah I cut hair in here Mitch
cuts hair and he is really great at
cutting hair and he's basically started
this from nothing nothing and I was in
the bottom yeah and I've been stalking
his progress and he has an amazing
barber shop so if you live near Waterloo
and you want to get your hair cut by
this guy make sure you do or the
savagery yeah make sure you follow him
on Instagram and Facebook what else do
you have yeah that's a book Instagram
what's the ask your head barbers or
spear head barbers and then my Instagram
is Mitchell Brice okay I'll link it in
the description below because it's very
cool support my friends
so we've met just the can we call
illegal it is for me his name is Moe Oh
mojo and he's a brindle just like Reggie
he's cute and he's also a little bit
nervous just like Reggie no okay I'm
making Mitch talk about of tattoos
because I gave you more times than
anyone I've ever met or seen in my life
and what I saw this one okay yeah I
almost fainted my mom yeah great to go
get more than like a normal tattoo yeah
yeah there's the term Dean smarty which
is any baseball cap that has this bull
pen
yeah you would have hit someone who are
head hurts a lot so I was talking about
in that time foot okay but you got that
one first
besides my head down yeah and on top of
my head in my head were very shape I'm
like well my Android shave and know what
I want back in my head so let's just oh
pretty much watch you guys don't need
more my legs are a little empty is
anyway you haven't got tattoos yeah I'm
so my legs I'm like you know to my legs
well did this amazing video I think is
too right it's like all about this butch
in college Jeremy oh yeah we don't have
any like updated videos of this new shop
but we have like my old privates to be
fair but even a nice room yeah you're
saying to me like oh I never thought you
big youtuber I was like I never
heartburn crazy yeah so this is Alex a
guy who looks after the the Spithead
products here and he's kind enough to
give me a few things so let's see what
we what is this stuff Alex so right here
is it's a soap with activated charcoal
so activated charcoal is really good at
pulling stuff from your skin so smell if
you've been drinking heavily I'll pull
that alcohol loves you as well and this
guy over here is a shampoo bar so it's
common for girls to use shampoos bars
but not so much for guys so it's
basically like like a so far that you
scrub directly into your head okay
again the shampoo either this way and
then this guy here is a beard oil and
hair oil
so basically prevents your fear from
getting super scruffy using your hair to
to get some extra shine so cool but nice
those are the three mean-spirited
products yeah and the barber shops
actually called spit you got the
products you guys are making shit happen
right so after that haircut we're gonna
have a gala Canadian time by going to
the local 7-eleven and getting ex lippy
thank you let's have a look so do you
know which flavor you won already I'm
gonna go for the blue the blue kind
bouquet I have seen you can get a Pepsi
flavor yeah it's all
Oh peachy fuzz I do like a cream soda
the cream sodas are pretty good too
sweet yeah they're sweet they're pretty
sweet but rising the the suppo surprise
chocolate Slurpee that's wrong banana
and Pepsi all right
probably cream soda probably half cream
soda 1/4 peach fuzz and top it off with
a quarter of Pepsi you guys were stopped
one for small ones you need to go big
girl Lodge girl also hot flavor oh it's
pretty late I think were to go to bed
right yeah but only only after that was
actually not my first driver's license
no it wasn't the first I think it was my
second I think I was probably around
this is you the full brunette this is
probably me when I was around 18 19 yeah
full brunette mode because that was
before I went blonde again and it was
after my dreadlocks so a lot happens on
the sunburn update Este sunburn now
increase to a factor of four you put
there only now an 8 out of 10 I'd say
the legs are burn yeah up here but also
her legs are pretty badly but you can't
see it cuz I'm back in my grilled cheese
fuzzy tour is actually Canada Day so not
we're still not sure what we gonna do
but we'll see yeah if anything fun I
have balloons a little buggy
all right peace out hey job
