good morning everyone we are in Toronto
whoo everybody was saying that I'm
saying Toronto weird it's like I never
lived in Toronto it's there I said it
right there Toronto that's right oh I
think it's like my accent is just so
messed up I'm like living in England for
so long where people say Toronto but
here like my mom would say Rana actually
buddy got at Rana there we got so there
you go people I'm still Canadian all
right
anyway we're in Toronto right now
because basically we landed last night
and we were gonna vlog yesterday but as
you might be able to hear from my voice
I am very sick I'm actually feeling so
much better today I'm so happy about it
but yeah we were gonna vlog yesterday
but I was so sick and we flew from LA to
Toronto yesterday which in theory is
like not a bad flight it's only like
four hours or something like that but
like because I was feeling so ill and I
was coughing sneezing and blowing my
nose the entire time I really feel glad
that the people beside me it just felt
like hell um so when we actually got to
the hotel here I just sunk dude come as
they say well as I say I fell asleep
immediately and then woke up this
morning thankfully I feel a little bit
better I still want to go just get some
dayquil or something like some daytime
medicine anyway the reason why we're
here is because I have a meeting with a
Canadian publisher for bloom which is
very exciting and it didn't really make
sense to fly in last night go all the
way back to Waterloo which is like an
hour-ish away and then come all the way
back the next morning so we just thought
okay let's just get a hotel in Toronto
and then go to the meeting and then go
back to Waterloo today and it's actually
my mama's birthday today which she
totally forgot I was like mom what do
you want to do for your birthday
tomorrow she's like oh my god I
completely forgot it was my birthday so
that was kind of weird I don't want to
say she's getting senile but she might
be I said that to her and she was not
impressed by that comment my son is just
trying to
yup his suitcase so as you can see my
suitcase is over there all tidied up and
then Aslan's is a complete chaotic
disaster because if you know if you
don't you don't watch my how to pack
like a pro video well I actually packed
like a pro for your video uh-huh
I mean what I actually packed initially
it was like that but he just isn't
really much a maintenance I I'm cutting
clothes I have one yes oh do I
I literally have one pair right so Kelly
we're gonna be taking up I know I love
doing laundry at my mom's house cuz like
in North America they have huge washers
and dryers and they're like what's up
okay the biggest difference that is
actually so good for me in North America
is that washing machines here take about
half an hour to wash the clothes
meanwhile at England the washing
machines take like two and a half hours
two hours per cycle is that just our
weird washing machine though no no like
a lot of washing machines just take ages
like at least I wait but in North
America so quick guys did you know that
Justin Trudeau's actually Osama bin
Laden underneath the mask I did not know
that
I just got educated look at this cool
ass building as they told me it's the
ROM aka the Royal Ontario Museum have
some respect
like I can't see it's so bright
so like my eyes are very sensitive
lies
your eyes or sense that I can't see
but it is a very cool looking building
so we have 40 minutes to kill because we
had to check out of our hotel room and
then my meeting is in basically like an
hour
so our next 40 minutes is gonna look
like this me going crazy and shoppers
Drug Mart and me going crazy and Tim
Hortons excuse my scream thing but I
really can't over my eyes just sprinting
I need cold medication I need to be
buzzing on 11:00 so let's get that stuff
immediately dayquil cold and flu room a
grip it's just what I need
I've basically converted you into a
major Tim Hortons lover you've got your
lemonade why just in case you come to
North America you're like holy my
taste buds on plane ready you taste like
my taste buds okay put on everything
because basically after they put like
less sugar and I'm just gonna I was
wondering why you asked but it's not
gonna make it like way less fleshy it
might make a little less slushie that's
true you taste this pretty seriously
okay now try and think yeah but like
look this is all water yet you've gotta
stir it
you got a start okay now try it and see
yeah that's really sweet missing him he
swallowed bigger
okay just so you guys can see I mean
it's not that big it's like pretty big
it's not that big one you can do this
you can do this I stay hates taking
pills and this she makes the funniest
face off this your baby come on you can
do it
there you go one down one more to go
you've been do it believe in you I just
pretend you it's like you're not really
swallowing anything just gulp
it's like that's why I'd like to do just
put in the back here thread you dolt I
just goes down
that's okay you're done just wait for
five minutes before the high kicks in
just outside the publisher's este is
putting some makeup on so she doesn't
look like a freak crap and they're like
complete crap
I'm like is this a youtuber or is this a
bunch of bumhole not sure which one but
I mean badges badges mom oh this is the
last 30 seconds away
just heard and saw because it made no
sense
I love these swinging door things okay
meeting over I think that went really
well everybody's super excited I stay
super excited I can tell that Amelie
went well and I stay leaves happy and
smiling so that's good radiance I got
you okay
oh that's that that one's being cleaned
let's go to the other one I love going
through the swinging things thingy
okay and just make sure you don't kill
yourself on this go go go so we have now
been picked up by Kelly and it's her
birthday
and we are now on the way back home oh
yeah we're going all the way back home
it's gonna take us two hours and four
minutes
well hungry so you know where we going
so the food came and it just looks
straight-up delicious
we have met these two amazing women in a
place and W so this is Sora
and this is what I just reckon they eat
it Nikki Makena Zara I'm so we're just
talking all about Reggie the cutest all
baby
yeah it's such a weird thing that we ran
into guys you know I know I'm saying
this is kind of like a random location
it's not yeah oh it's remember Boyle
okay thank you are you going to LA as
well I'm not no you're going away we're
just about to leave and I spilled gravy
all over my shirt it's really gross so
when I took a picture with those two
girls I was like can you just edit that
gravy stain out because it's not my
finest moment I swear he's working maybe
than me sometimes what did you get I got
ten sort of ten bits and double-double
nice finally got home and I thought I
would show Mom the book cover but she's
been waiting to see so I'm gonna open it
yeah it's pretty cool to see it like in
a book isn't it is
gorgeous look like it's happy yeah I got
some significance to it yeah I already
showed mom and I want to show you oh
yeah did you video your mother yeah
ready yeah okay yeah I like presentable
it's fine Mary you look lovely ready so
inside is the book which you know I've
been talking to you about for months oh
yes I see I can hardly wait to see it oh
my that's beautiful
oh I love it oh that's just so like you
se yeah it is I wanted it to be yeah but
there's nothing inside so don't get too
excited yeah and then there's the back
that's just some writing but isn't as
cool it's like yeah it's so soft and
it's like your nature oh yeah how are
the fruits there I want to have another
bite when you pass away oh yeah
what do you like best pineapple apple I
like both is this Apple there's more
sweeter
oh my goodness you should have put this
in the weight scale it's heavy isn't it
yeah it is really heavy
no you're Aubrey just say hi this is my
cousin's daughter which we think makes
you my second cousin or my cousin once
removed
I don't know but everybody's gonna be so
jealous of your beautiful long blonde
hair and your cool glasses do you want
to show everybody your purse everybody
this is Aubree's cool purse and we're
gonna do a what's in my bag what is that
this is the bear why do you like it
thank you guys both good time
cuz that's polka-dots okay next another
bear why do you like this one because
it's pink
here's another blue one which is
probably my favorite one that you have
oh I hear money rattling around in there
is there money in there oh I Bree you're
rich I see at least for two knees oh
this is like a certification of
ownership for this cat so everyone knows
that that cat is yours well that's cool
that's like its birth certificate that
is a notepad from a hotel when were you
at a hotel
that's a brush for your hair or for the
cat oh is that it yeah oh we can I use
this to wash my hair that's it already
told me that I had crazy hair today and
I think I believe it is
thanks Aubrey
say bye-bye all right guys it's that
magical time bedtime the pill the hope
god I can't make sense the cold
medication has officially worn off so
I'm feeling very sick again
I might um I think we're gonna go to bed
now
Iceland went to the gym which is crazy
you are so buff it's unreal that's it
from us I hope you enjoyed today's vlog
I'm gonna go to sleep now and chill out
tomorrow peace out
hey Dad bye
