good morning everyone
I am rocking out to Nick Jonas red in
the face we're probably gonna get emp'd
for the copyright reasons but that'll
dance was worth it
today's gonna be a really fun day
because we're going to hang out with my
really good friend Christine who is like
a legendary babe top babe alert so we're
gonna go over to her place now I want a
meeting her dog so we're gonna go do
that and see what what else happens
today we're just winging it this is what
I'm like on holidays very shallow just
quickly before we go I thought I would
do a quick a little outfit of the day
cuz I think my outfit today is pretty
cool actually
for once so I'm basically wearing these
short booty shorts whoo
they're by a brand called I think
they're called one teaspoon but I got
them at Orencia they're actually really
comfortable and like they sit nice and
high so I don't know I don't know I
never really like wearing shorts but I
feel like these are okay and then I'm
just wearing this tight ribbed tank top
which is just like tucked into my shorts
and then this super long and loose I
don't even know she'd call this it's
just like a nice long shirt like that
I'm wearing these cool black sandals and
then this bag which is my favorite and
most worn saline bag that's it that's
all so he finally met up with Christine
I kind of forgot to vlog cuz we went
over to her place and we were hanging
out with her roommates dog but now we're
going out for a little lunch at a place
called squirrel but it's actually
spelled sq IRL right yes yeah I was like
and it's so so good if you're ever in LA
you gotta go she says like she goes
twice a month and that it's like the
place that everyone's going right now so
I hope it lives up to a type it's so
good that's the most Instagram place got
to get that gram gotta get back
who has just arrived as I've got this
delicious-looking chicken salad I got
the crispy rice bowl with an egg this is
vanilla bean lemonade and then we've
seen got this as well this is the same
thing as I got but she got extra kale
and I'm not about that life right now so
I'm just really I'm thoroughly enjoying
this guy's that we're just sitting here
at this light and I cannot believe this
McDonald's I've never seen a McDonald's
look so cool and Christine's like what
do you mean it looks normal I'm like no
girl if it is a normal this is amazing
imagine what your life is like when you
get to carry around a tiny little comb
like this looks like the cutest thing is
that for your mustache yeah maybe I
think says house shopping going nice
yeah really gonna be mine I know is this
nice like look around like look at these
get hats I love this hat
trying it on I'm just curious to you
that look click on you know saying you
want to wear caps this could be your
moment
oh it's so cute is it I love it that
would wear amazingly
like I've actually never seen a flower
that looks like that before it's
beautiful
like I don't know we don't have these
kind of flowers like this is like out of
a book or something like Wow
honey wait to see some of these flowers
just leaving intelligence you know and
of course I got another almond milk
latte I stopped no clock day it's like
my new thing now that I'm like an LA
girl it's like all I want to drink
really really good
we just went to like a couple of little
shops and now we're gonna go to another
one so let's go we're just in this store
which I don't know what this name of
this story is County limited and it is
so cool Christine showed it to us and
we're just really enjoying her our time
here and I'm gonna get this mug this
beautiful mug oh my gosh
everything is amazing so here it is new
Agra number two for the tally what's we
felt like it's been a few days but I
think it's because we haven't been in
nice areas that's the reason why but
number two I'm so excited to go inside
DITA which is like the coolest
sunglasses place ever
I've always wanted to go inside and
today is my day
so I basically forced Christine to drive
us to Beverly Hills because Aslan's
never been and I just knew you'd like
really like to come and see these houses
and like look at these rows of trees
Beverly Hills is just such an
out-of-this-world kind of place and
everything's perfectly manicured you
know and it's just really cool to like
just come and see it I don't know how we
were saying like wonder how the people
who actually live here feel when people
just come look at their houses but it's
really really cool we were just saying
that even the fire hydrants here are
fancy like we were like is this sterling
silver actually probably is like it
doesn't even look like spray paint
perfectly trimmed bushes that actually
have like an intricate pattern inside
okay so basically we are talking about
this stick because basically this huge
stick falls from the tops of these palm
trees okay and Christine was saying that
if they fall on people all the time and
they get like seriously injured and this
is the first one we've seen and it's
actually really heavy I don't know how
you're doing that but it's recent well
you know yeah but like it doesn't what
I'm saying it's like it doesn't look
that big when you just look at it up
there but if one Falls but that's gonna
hurt
so we've now come to a very cool Korean
BBQ place this is it right here this was
actually recommended to us by a viewer
we met today squirrel so thanks for the
recommendation we actually did come
it's really cool because you can
actually make the food here like you
drill it I mean I'll show you in a
second when I get it but I've never done
this before so it's pretty cool so I
guess you just pick what you want it
comes and you cook it yourself I've
never seen like a piece of tissue be
used to surround a spoon this is
why what is the purpose of this
and all like 200 different little dishes
coming in the most salad each and then
have you ever seen this many dishes
yeah I'm sorry you ever seen this many
dishes like how cool is this it does
just like 20 different little things
amazing so we got these say it Vinnie
Bob I'm like the whitest person ever so
it's bibimbap and no none of us know how
to do this which is especially
embarrassing Vinnie's - yeah so the guys
gonna do it for know which is pretty
cute so let's see how it works
right
and how spicy you on my fire file
Kassie add the rice then you add a bit
of sauce
I'll anyway
hey some butter applications happening
right here
onion whoa
no idea
how cool is this
today's trying to do about no other guy
the ladies kind of flipping it for us
because we don't know what we're doing
here so now so easily and cutting off
with a pair of scissors
he makes a lot of sense yeah why
ya know we do our Korean barbecue right
now back in bed I was like admiring my
tan earlier yeah we have one pretty time
hearing yes like I was looking through
some pictures and like my arms are still
really pasty but I think I think I've
got a little bit of color I'm nicely
Dandan got a bit of good color on that
evening summary yeah you look good feel
good most importantly feel good uh
anyway just got home it's kind of late
and I feel like we're still kind of jet
lag I don't know if that's like even a
thing it's gonna like almost a week I
think with jet lag I think we're just
tired you know it's literally been go go
go go go but like in the best way
possible the Pittman's having so much
fun here and today especially was like
so much fun so big thank you and shout
out to Christine for yeah actually like
taking her entire day yeah that was
really cool is that recording so yeah um
for taking her entire day off to like
show us around everywhere drive us
around everywhere and just be like she's
awesome like I've known her forever and
actually a lot of people probably
wouldn't know this but she was like one
of my very first subscribers yeah I
think that like five and a half years
ago so we actually became friends back
then and we're still friends now so it's
pretty cool yeah just like sois
Christine you're pretty cool and kind
and relaxed and laid-back person that
really likes Christine yeah I mean
everyone does yeah yeah yeah it was cool
to like go around like Beverly Hills
yeah I've never been there just to like
get like that i'ma see it yeah I now
kind of like know know what that era is
like yeah yeah like that's why I when we
came here right before we even came I
was like you have to go to Beverly Hills
and hasn't done some pretty cool
pictures so it'll be interesting to see
what they look like once they're
developed because mate shoots on film
anyway mate is getting pretty tired so
May
and he's gonna hit behave resume I think
what of lot of times I don't think we're
up to much tomorrow and while we are
like yesterday's got a couple of
meetings whenever we put that tour in
for you guys so but anyway so we'll
probably see you in Canada they'll be
the next time we see you so yeah see you
if I can see that in scheme I know but I
didn't think you're good
clearly you did anyway we will see you
in one of my face looks and staying as
laughing piecing out
