hello good morning trying to volumize
leave that texture it's the first day of
VidCon Emily and we are running not late
but we are running on a tight schedule
so we are going to be going off it
basically takes like an hour to get
there so we're gonna hurry up
you told you either it actually looks
great yeah yeah I hate the way that like
you curl your hair and then you put in
the spray and somehow as it goes back
there you go
honey because we're old people we're
getting a golf cart and it's and it's
very breezy so lovely breezes you ride
down this what it looks like a rather
disgusting hallway only once in my life
yes this is the second time have you
ever been in a lift that is this huge
before yeah okay yeah you've been here
before you've done this stuff okay yeah
okay you'll be your bitch at finding
we're now just grabbing a quick little
snack because stay has a panel in about
half an hour sir a minute and we are in
this bizarrely huge yet like not very
populated room but I love the color
scheme in here
don't you dislike slightly greenish gray
in these chairs everything looks nice
good luck Ray's Emad knows she stays
over there
appointed beware I have no idea
yeah it was actually
we have made a love for sweetie we're
gonna get lunch Tilly's joining us
I think we are going to get something
like down dirty
so in case you guys didn't know I found
out today that VidCon its massive and a
lot of people come it's quite a thing
this is my first time at VidCon right
and I really didn't
I mean I kind of thought I knew what to
expect but the reality is bigger louder
and more intense that I could have ever
anticipated it really has like blowing
my mind but like blown in a good way
kind of like you know made me like think
like wow this is this is something
people really really care about like
Rudy Kevin so we've made it here to
Disney and we are actually we're all
gonna have a beautiful lunch because
that's what I'm I really haven't had
breakfast and then we had like a weird
snack and that's not how I get when I'm
hungry I mean I mean the right way back
wasn't it it was like a little plastic
box with a kid you know and eggs some
great yes good but we need real real
food especially when it's so hot out and
I feel like I haven't shown you guys
this yet but I have a really bad sunburn
on my shoulders
I don't even showing you guys this
properly but yet it really hurts and
it's to the point where I'm actually
shivering like I don't know if you guys
know what I mean but if you get really
badly sunburned you start like getting
the chills and feeling sick so
that's right waiting I love it I love
you guys know that I love parents and
look at this cool parent oh look at this
cool parent Umizoomi not this guy
of course I have to come into Sephora
when I'm here I really don't want to get
anything but it is interesting to see
like all the stuff that we can't get so
gonna have a long look around May is
sleeping
the feeling in the evenings here is by
now it's perfect because the temperature
is just like not to all not too hot and
you get that beautiful kind of like
Evening Sun Maddie really why don't we
keep on saying this but yeah it like the
feeling here the light the the
atmosphere and the things really is like
cinematic like there's no other way to
describe it for me anyway I'm heading
down to the local kind of grocery store
waste we need to get some dinner or
something we're not too hungry you know
kind of winning it's like really hot hot
like it really like today is like kind
of like thirty degrees hot well it's
kind of that hot you don't feel hungry
so what kind of on that whatever you
want a full meal so I'm just gonna go
pick up some snacks
so back in the supermarket example look
at what we can get here
Oh vegenaise okay I gotta pick up this
iced tea because I really like this
stuff this is an Arizona some other
brand but look they've got the grape I'm
in heaven right now
got a big bag full of essentially kind
of healthy junk food which is still junk
food at the end of the day I start come
over here look at this truck what cool
colors even that's kind of like all beat
up and whatever but that nice yellow
mustard yellow and that kind of like
baby blue at the front that's cool me is
sleeping okay let's give this a go
can confirm tastes amazing this is well
great I see you guys you guysyou color
points a little good great iced tea
that's right
that woke you up even grape iced tea I
asked to get it why don't I get it's so
sweet tastes like medicine yeah this is
really sweet but it's got that classic
alcoholic no just no iced tea it tastes
like my clothes yeah kind of a little
bit in the best weight loss okay so we
were some Thai guess the day that we
even have been asleep I cannot believe
it like we got home and I just like the
song town like I just think that was
really creating some dude I just saw
dude I did I just like fell asleep like
it was so weird I didn't even like brush
my teeth or anything I think that great
bye Steve might be like to some things
because we were both like drank that and
then the hop not anyway bunch of that
back yeah and I woke up this morning and
I was just like I couldn't really sleep
all night like from like 7 p.m. the
night before did you miss me
I got a great night's sleep despite like
my sunburn guys
this is like day 3 or something it's
it's pretty bad and it really really
hurts and I know there's gonna be loads
of comments from people saying why
didn't you put sunscreen on I did but
then we were just out about I didn't
have it with me to like reapply it
you're just too late
I'm very white this is too much I'm as
white as white soon you'll be appealing
shit went down last night it was crazy
so you better explain what that is okay
so I mean I didn't get a good very good
night's sleep because my phone buzzed
like in the middle of the night and I
was like oh this let me just quickly
have a look
and it wasn't good news basically we
found out today that the UK is has voted
to be the EU I think everybody woke up
this morning just like well not
everybody well pretty much anybody below
the age of like 35 everybody but can I
just say I watched this really
interesting video of this lady who voted
to leave and she was basically like I
don't think we really understood what we
were doing I wish we're gonna have a
revote
all my family voted to leave and we were
all watching the news this morning
watching the city crumble and we
realized we did a wrong thing yeah it's
like it's shocking when the reactions
being like but even the people who voted
to leave are like what did I do
so we woken up to that I have to get so
my frustration out so I went to the gym
and I've come back and that stage just
told me that I smell like a a badges bum
hole that is like the most accurate you
could be when it comes to describing
where you smell right now so I need to
hit the shower ASAP honestly guys I
don't feel like plugging today I think
everybody today is a bit like what the
fuck like what just needs to chill out
try and process this so yeah we'll I
think we'll plug again on Saturday cos
they've got they've come stuff going on
so will be a big comment so that should
be fun as well this is why it's
important to vote I think like I always
knew that people say it but this is like
a classic example of why it is important
to vote and Aslan was such a legend he
actually registered us to be able to
mail it away early because we knew we
were gonna be here which is how we voted
and I just think like it's just
important to do that yeah so all the
Americans out there let this be a
warning you may not vote normally but
you know make sure you vote in this
election because we might have Boris
Johnson as the primary star England and
I'll travel to the president of the US
and I don't think anybody could have
foreseen that about six months ago
because that would have been a complete
joke but yeah crazy stuff crazy stuff
anyway we'll leave it there
and we're going to just chill out today
so we will see you in the next vlog bye
