good morning from yet another beautiful
day in LA look at that look at that blue
sky so it's bright and early while Sabre
no I think it's about 7:30 aah at the
moment and we've been up since about
5:30 6 o'clock in the morning I know we
planned to kind of like sleep in but the
jet like little ass and we just find
though which is good we got up and did
lots of kind of computery stuff all the
admin stuff I edited yesterday's vlog so
it's good to be able to get all that
boring stuff out of the way before they
actually starts breakfast this morning
was courtesy of Tate's bake shop these
are these are some good cookies like
really good I wish they had these Anglin
kids at least taste amazing
that's the cake how much you love Tate's
that's how much as they love say she's
willing to eat the biscuits embedding in
the cousin bed you know how do you know
the crumbs and bed feeling it's horrible
but I stays when I take that risk
because she loves it that much yeah like
when we were shopping yesterday I said
to Alan you have to try these gonna be
it's like they're beyond words that's
been pretty good I get them every time I
come to America
so are we leaving a stay actually for
just an hour this morning because I'm
gonna head to the gym
this is gym around like ten minutes away
that I mean to go to what whilst I'm in
LA it's called barbell brigade and it's
a really great gym they have a YouTube
channel and all the guys there they have
like this whole like Fitness community
or replace around that gym he's in
assess and religiously really cool and
like that like especially bar and all
his stuff one of the main reasons why I
started kinda like doing a gym again
about a year ago so imagine he's there
yeah we don't say hi or that what's the
protocol when somebody's working out oh
well now I would never like this stuff
somebody like me in the midst of that
workout but like if he was like coming
in on
don't ask if you'll be in the blog if
you see him okay don't put much pressure
on my cheese if you got come on it let's
say you so like Lilly Singh or thank you
know like make sure you get into the
blower game I literally have crumbs all
about my guess anyway I have some work
to do I'm doing some editing and stuff
so we are both occupied and it's really
early still at 7:00 in the morning so
not even 8:30 okay yeah it's just like
okay just 7:00 so as I said it's good to
be able to get all this stuff done and
dusted like you know and before you know
it it'll be night and when we're ready
to hit the LA scene
now back
what do you been up to since I've been
away well you caught me right in the
midst of this hmm
this I just opened it what and chips
it is 956 I know in crisps a bit weird
but no starving we don't have actual
there's never a bad sign for a quack
never about time to work yeah yeah so I
think I was gonna grab a quick shower
right I'm gonna go off get some brunch
lunch humming here we see the wildest
take a wand lean hit with a cane so the
jet lag see and she wakes the mood
changes drastically in to share
annoyance in desperation can one
sleepyhead don't get some brunch
the way these garbage trucks wag lazy
like just one driver that's it
Oh
because all this comes out grabs it
is one person needed that's pretty cool
a lot more official than you UK like in
the UK you get the driver and the two
people helping it with like three people
it's quite loud we've made it we're now
at the ostrich farm you have some brunch
here
hi are you recommended by a lot of
people and it's pretty good okay so
we've got the food and I have to say
this is like way better than our the
kind of expect thing yeah I don't know
where look at this Wow
avocado on toast with some beautiful
potatoes on the side there - a big tough
bacon I have the most amazing looking
and a lentil Egg Bowl look at this there
it is ostrich balm amazing place we are
actually now on our way to Venice Beach
and la being la that means that it's
gonna take an hour to get there
crazy but yeah so we're gonna do there
me a couple of people hang out we've
never been to Venice Beach so we'll try
out that Venice Beach area you know
being on the Venice Boardwalk whatever
okay basically freakshow says that well
I find is like filled with like weird
characters and it's the best place to
people watch I am just in awe that these
kind of plants cacti and succulents just
grow free like look at this street with
the palm trees I honestly think Los
Angeles is one of those beautiful places
in the world you see it in the movies
and you think that's like just put on
yeah it's like this everywhere like
everywhere so we've made it to see
George
well George who's so happy
he's having sweets we've lately just
spent like the last 20 minutes talking
about how amazing la is that I'm sure to
all the people watching this I like just
stop like we get it you're having a good
time but it really is like the life that
California life to the beach or
something and we're gonna go to
intelligentsia which is this coffee shop
that I think last night Carrie
recommended Ingrid did but I think
Carrie especially did try remember bus
max we're going to right now
oh look there's a flower on this one are
you dying of happiness
I'm just strutting around Abbot Kinney
now with these two hot days George is so
cute I love him these two little friends
it's cute anyway I'm gonna see if
Christine is working and that will be
cool if she is that will make me feel
like I have friends so we're walking
down the street and we meet all these
people anyway it was like so weird
because we just weren't expecting to see
anybody but here's the game jacob Aslan
Aaron will Arden Charlie George and Matt
cool so here I am with Christine she is
working I was like I hope she's working
it's gonna make
cool but I'm afraid this store is like
the dream store so we'll be hanging out
with Christine again on Sunday so stay
tuned for that but I'm gonna just kind
of a tour of the store in West Allis
Teva new trailers Evan she says in smoke
I call it was diva so do i well I'm
saying it was diva and if you've never
been to illest ago before this is the
shop on Abbot Kinney I have to say
probably the best store mainly because
of this gal yeah I think so
oh my gosh these aren't new or maybe
they're not but I love these so I might
have to have a peruse perusal Oh mad
libs excited I'm not sure if Jacobs ever
been in my vlog before but this is Jacob
who I love I saw a lot he's so nice I
feel like a really nervous it's not it's
sexual
what they're getting against
look at this beautiful trickle or Bowl
brew and let's eat sand in between your
toes yeah problems okay let's make sure
when I get run over so we've made the
beach this is the true test for the
microphone it's true this is I really
hope it pans out cuz I've been bothering
having this bloody thing on the whole
time so the best workout Oh this feeling
yeah I didn't wear sandals I love it I
saw you
yeah we're heading over to the skee-bowl
the hottest couple in town and actually
we were just looking at look can you
model your outfit because we're
literally matching head to toe so we're
hanging out and they're leaving now so I
just had to get them in quickly okay it
is many hours later and we've been
hanging out with George and Ben over
there say hello and what are you going
you've got a special sandal situation
that you like to report something yeah I
would because I have the worst blisters
ever on my feet right now I don't
actually I don't know maybe this is
gross to show no but I stay to the sex
of my feet and now she's rocking these
sandals and socks but they're not just
any set any socks it's the invisible
train of silks and it looks quite funky
this is like a new trend that
potentially is starting Hannah know it's
I'm like you know I'm desperate when I
take your ranks wedding song that is
true that you know yeah okay that's all
right yeah this looks like a like an old
lady bucking stock on there so that's
what's great honestly like they're gonna
believe okay well I'm glad that's
something the breeding yeah all right so
I think we're gonna go for dinner yeah
oh it's not eat it's like 9 o'clock
George tells us in Venice Beach
everything closes by 9:00 it is actually
incredible how huge the aloe vera plants
are here look at this this is huge just
for size comparison there's George and
this is the plant
oh wow bang we're now in bed in case you
didn't realize this is why I'm wearing
glasses this is my nighttime look my
nighttime routine home to glasses
so yeah wow what a day like now I kind
of understand why people go to
conventions like what conventions like a
lot of stuff happens like you know you
meet a lot of people cool people from
the same kind of place and whatever so
yeah it's kind of cool I got a really
fun cool day we just spent the evening
out with George and Ben yeah and like
during the day we met so many other
people who commute really get out of
this yeah it's kind of fun it's nice to
be able to like you know meet somebody
meet everybody in like one place you
know yeah cool so far but tomorrow's
actually the first day I'm gonna be
going to VidCon so make sure you stay
tuned it's gonna be an exciting year I
think yeah I think that's it nothing
else to report ready yeah it's a pretty
late again for us it's 11:00 and evening
yes that's pretty crazy considering we
haven't taken a single nap and we woke
up at 5:00 a.m. yeah so we best get some
good rest for the day tomorrow all right
guys we'll see you tomorrow
see you they come by
