good morning everyone it's bright and
early
it's like 6:45 now probably when that
beautiful alarm went on at 5:30 my heart
stopped then I kept reading you're very
lucky to get up I feel like you rolled
over to check your phone as they rolled
over and it's like taking a foot about
half an hour yeah like that but anyway
May's out of time currently on the way
to the airport so we will see you there
we have now made it through security
we're gonna get some breakfast but I was
really good hoping that they would hand
check all the film that I'm bringing but
the lady refused even though like one of
them was 1,600 streets so they hand
checked that one but I wouldn't do the
rest that kind of sucked so maybe all my
film be maybe it won't who knows
what he's talking about cuz I had no
idea basically if they x-ray film it can
like ruin
film or whatever so so we'll say it's a
bit of a gamble throught it because you
very well know so like if people have
like really mixed experiences going
through airports like some people will
be finer people like the oldest refuser
I guess I mean she was very stern very
matronly very matronly
we got breakfast I went for Eggs
Benedict
he was like doing smaller large I was
like let's go large and Aslan got the
exact same thing yeah
so basically we are very angry so
goodbye for the next 10 minutes the most
exciting thing about flying today is
we're going on this bad boy the Airbus
a380 the biggest plane there is so what
passenger plane I think so we're very
excited oh my god we're going up the
stairs we're going up stairs people this
is exciting is this exciting climb
excited you excited we've made it safely
on board at this time we who are like
maybe in a rush or anything so did ya
anything to report at all no
you look like you're ready for a 12-hour
flight
in case anybody had any doubt where they
landed to be American flag there just to
make sure you know I'm boom just like
that a 12-hour flight yeah we feel that
so we just go ahead and it's absolutely
crazy this like I would not believe that
there was paparazzi the situation with
the paparazzi is insane here look at
this
this is absolute madness I know who that
is but this is just crazy like I didn't
believe LA was like this but actually
it's like check out how many screens
this taxi is there's like three up there
was one bike and that's a lot of screens
isn't it
you excited you think sleepy no no okay
I mean it's been known to hate you gotta
know everything okay we've made it to
our Airbnb and it is so so so so nice
although Aslan's having a meltdown no
pun intended because there's no air
conditioning I just surprised you know
you're boiling don't touch me it feels
like an actual flame he's so boiling hot
um that's your nickname for this chick
the flame I know it's a gorgeous
gorgeous place really excited to be here
it is hot outside it is like actually
hot it's a culture shock
somewhere the show yeah but it took us
on all of 20 minutes to say to me
geez maybe we should move to LA I was
just like Phil Jim it has an effect on
people like most people who come here
they're like wow yeah I personally I
love LA so but you know Reggie Reggie
couldn't take this heat no good to you
is not like this heat so I think the
plan of action is to get everything
organized and then shower yep
so we are gonna do that now get
freshened up literally two seconds
outside of our places of donut store
whoa whoa just kind of walking around
with no aim in particular but I first
spotted my first g-wagen here in LA I
was gonna keep a tally on how many G
wagons there are because this seems to
be like the car of this celebrity in LA
everybody has this what she wasn't in a
G Wagon she was an Escalade so being
nice to you I can hear we decided to
kill some time in a thrift store and
this place is huge and empty and
everything is so cheap everything's like
a dollar actually that's not true
this is three dollars but pretty crazy
tell you this is one good all Mandela
and I don't even like that is amazing
what a my favorite things to do is to
try out like weird street foods and
whatever whatever good places in the
state hates it she got angry with me
it's like this but let's see what this
lady's got here thank you I have to say
of all the like street food that you've
tried these actually look pretty good
how's it good nan get this is the best
one this one's like got a custard
filling in the middle and the custards
got like a bit of a sour e buttermilk
sort of taste hmm we made a pit stop to
the healthy food store and we're
literally in awe of how lucky you la
peeps have it
you down now you guys know the amount
different kinds of like four G's that
you have any of this buzzing correct
this is the face of jealousy marry each
other just dropped off all the fresh
food feeling good about that and now it
is almost 7:00 p.m. and as the night I
have a date with some cool peeps this is
very mysterious what we're up to we're
going for dinner at a restaurant called
odium let's go and see who we can find
actually I I don't really know who's
coming
could be anything could we don't
probably no it couldn't
let's hope it's not Donald Thomas but
yeah it's a museum or some sort yeah and
it has a big hole in the front but we
can't see the big hole at the front can
we
guys this is just like smoke coming out
of here
kind of cool
yeah we're very tired it's kind of
coming up to midnight here and I like it
now
which means that so this is like this
first all-nighter we've ever pulled
together we've been in the jetlag that
so we won't make you guys suffer through
our trying to put ways together like a
hand right now so anyway we had a really
good dinner with who's Eileen and then
Kat and then Carrie and Ingrid Ingrid
yes that's it yes
and then yourself good time there was
lovely thank you for everybody there
make it feel so welcome and I'll a
lovely anyway let's wrap it up before we
start crying
so yeah what are we hoping tomorrow not
sure we're sleeping it CBN we're gonna
play it by ear but yeah you guys
tomorrow
