hey everyone so today's vlog is going to
be a two-day special because it's back
the weekend here in London I'm going to
tabasco's this weekend with Lancome I
went with them last year as many of you
will recall it didn't go completely
smoothly so I'm hoping this year we'll
go a little bit smoother let's pray
but it's going to be really really fun I
have an uber waiting outside for me I'm
going to get my hair done by Larry so
let's head over to Larry's brand-new
salon I've never had my hair done there
before it's my first time as one's going
to be here with reg so yeah
that's what's going on we had a nice
morning this morning went to the market
got ready a bulk it a little baby one
little bitty bucket how many runways
welcome already so anyway I got to go
I'll see you there actually while I'm
heading over to Larry's here's a clip
from yesterday as I got a spray tan from
Jules
roll the clip hey I'm naked right now
and I'm not alone I'm with Jules she
make it it's really strange but it's not
actually where is good
you're a good life I'm very used to it
completely fine um so I just got a pan
and I'm gonna let you'll take over and
let him tell you what just went down in
my living room hi everyone um so
Mademoiselle is having a glow for the
red carpet
and what would you say it just makes you
look like you slept less than what
zombies for couple hours left on a beach
in the Bahamas no we went saw the front
yeah promise yeah so she's handsome tan
locks we use the light this is a water
so she goes to bed no tan on the sheets
I added a little bit of the space drops
formulated with raspberry seed oil as
skin will feel super soft I on the other
hand I'm schvitzing so much I'm in this
very hot all-in-one and Estee shimmying
at me right now is making me feel rather
uncomfortable and you may have seen this
already it's a little tent that is super
cool it just pops up you get in here and
Jules works his magic with the little
spray gun things good hose gun that's it
that's all she wrote okay
I've made it you Larry salon here it is
Larry King
oh my gosh so cool
goodbye guys this is the inside of
Larry's brand and salons here's the
Madame selves how does it then come down
I lose the race yeah come check it out
South Kensington Wow very proud moment
and this period she's gonna do my hair
already all right my hair is done at
Larry did super cool in like five pins I
think when you whole messiness on the
other side you know what I mean it's
very cool thanks Larry
and again if you want your hair did
second Larry King okay best place your
hair done here what is it socialite for
your hair and also happens that callous
on designers here I'm wearing two
assistants yeah
Protestant I've concentrated here but
I'm off now I'm going to be late so
gotta go so I made it to the Savoy very
simply and I'm looking for room two to
six looking familiar for life you must
show you what I'm seeing
very fancy stuff to two things while I
think I've definitely come to the right
place
love the Lancome roses guys this is the
infamous bathroom floor that I was
crying on last year right by this tub I
remember it well but this year is going
to go much better trust me
so we are going to do a skin prep so
we're going to use I'm assuming one of
my favorite products by Lancome assist
the comb source
it's a cleanser and it is it is just
glow inducing it's amazing and I also
love I mean I love all the stuff but
yeah so let's do that let's get my skin
cracking so I just have my mini facial
and my skin is looking very glowy I have
this really annoying spot that won't go
away but it can all be covered up with
the magic makeup yeah my skin looks
great I have to say I can probably go
like this but maybe that's frowned upon
I feel great yeah lovely Liv is getting
her makeup done getting a photo Hey
looks good your dress looks good too I'm
so glad you finally got a chance to wear
that we're gonna have fun tonight here
is the finished makeup look your
legendary your legendary ice like I
never read this much makeup whatever he
does it I'm like love it
you might other words every day you look
amazing though
thank you there we go never have got it
under control
Wow anyways oh look at that you alone
studio near Harley do you want to be in
my la Gardie everybody's being blinded
right so we are in the car
Carly with and Kate from Lancome and we
are going to go into the palace which
I'm so excited I mean I'm really trying
to keep on the vlogging train but it is
difficult because I'm snap
and Instagram and your blogging but I'm
trying to get all the best bits for you
guys so yeah soon we're going to see
what's going on I'm a little nervous cuz
freezing so this is a short little walk
inside on the red carpet right there
yeah you barely
and a room that right slightly awkward
for me to vlog in here because there are
just so many fancy people but it's truly
amazing so I'm just hangin with the
girls squad we just made it in for
dinner and it looks like this is a
little drink menu and my name is on a
lease I have recognized my name what
Elise before and I'm not gonna lie I'm
putting this right my handbag also Kate
is freaking out a little bit because the
main types of fibers fescue and we
didn't a few brands earlier so it is a
few
good morning so last night I was so
tired I did not have the strength to end
the vlog I was at the party until about
12:30 I would say yeah in the morning
and I didn't get home until around like
one ish so I was super super tired and
this morning waking up I was like girl
good need the tea so I made some tea I
don't think I actually remembered to do
an outfit of the day I did put a picture
up on Instagram if you want to check out
what the outfit looks like on I wore
this really cute sequin thing I've
actually laid it out to show you guys
but yeah tonight I will try to show you
like an actual ass of the day so first
let me just show you what I actually
wore last night in case you care so this
was my outfit
the evening was at Kensington Palace and
it was cocktail dress code so I thought
this would be really fun so this is my
Alice and Olivia so it's the top and
this skirt which kind of goes down like
past my knees it was really comfortable
and really fun to wear like full-blown
sequins I also wore these Nicholas
Kirkwood heels that have this amazing oh
my gosh my phone is like ringing off the
hook that has this amazing like bow
detail at the back I actually got these
last year for the basses so these are
now the bath tissue and they have this
really fun oh my god so annoying it's
really fun detail at the front but as
this really cool like clear little
plastic bit here so yeah these are
pretty much the only black heels I own
and I love them and then the bag is this
bag by Chloe I originally wanted to get
a black clutch bag but I don't really
like wear clutches like I'm just I'm not
like a jeans and a sweater kind of girl
so I I don't know what I was looking at
clutches of it so they don't really feel
like me I really like this quote
so I really like this Chloe bag because
it's kind of dressy like you could wear
it to an event like this but I can also
just wear in my actual daily life so it
was multi-purpose bag don't need to
justify it but I kind of need to justify
it to myself but I really really loved
it and I had so many compliments on it
anyway this is what it looks like I also
bought this little charm that says II I
never really get like personalized stuff
but I just thought it was so cool to
have that but yeah it basically works
like this it has it opens up let's see
what's in my bag from last night my
wallet and oh yeah I brought this even
though I didn't wear it this is one of
the brand new actually they're not even
out yet they're out in March it's one of
the new mats juicy shaker's and this is
in the shade oh my gosh I don't have my
glass block it's in the shade
kiss me sherry so if you wondered what I
was wearing last night that was it but
I'm bringing these two today because I
think I might wear these on my lips
today so yeah but this last is so well
Fortunato who did my makeup last night
put my makeup on at around five Millie
six o'clock and like I said I didn't get
home until one o'clock and it was still
fully intact even master or night of
talking and dinner there was like a
little bit of wear right on the inside
of my lips but in general it looked
incredible like super impressed with
that I'm going to have all of this stuff
linked in the description box if you're
interested in recreating this look if
you're going to a fancy party but yeah
so tonight I'm heading to the actual
BAFTA ceremony which is going to be
amazing oak is what I was going to tell
you I don't know if I'm supposed to even
be talking about this because it makes
me seem super uncool but you guys know
I'm uncool I guess there's no denying
that there were some like pretty big
celebs last night at the party number
one Amy Adam oh my god we just saw a
rival and I like looked over I was like
oh my god and she was adorable she had
this like white lacy dress on looks
really good and also Hugh Grant was
there like come on come on and Andrew
Garfield so anyway stay tuned to see
what I'm up
- today I'm heading back to the subway I
mean pretty cool in general I'd be happy
just like go to the Savoy and then I'm
going to get my hair done and we're
going to film some stuff I think today
yeah I'm soda bread oh this is a lot of
talking for very early in the morning
I've just made it to the Charles
Worthington suite here in the Savoy
and Kenna Rourke is going to do my hair
nobody that's pretty cool and I am in
the special suite
I sure was in the room I've moved on to
the suite can you I'd be in my video
video here is the man of the hour
yeah so there's more makeup to be done
here's Patricia
hello look in the hats I like your hat
actually covers a multitude okay and
Fortunato is going to do her makeup he's
amazing and here's Dina who I've just
met she's getting some major contouring
done which I love to see it a lot like
the oh my is the process is so cool so
this is what happens in the bathroom
when there are loads of people getting
ready in one room this is my dress this
red one and I'm not sure who this is
maybe that's Dina and I know this red
one is Patricia's I'm not sure but yeah
we are here I am I'm in a robe because
we're going to film our getting ready
process which is going to be fun so you
can watch that one itself but yeah I'm
going to head up there and start filming
away yeah you can get do you know it's
going to do some cleaning so this is the
room that we're going to be filming in
it's very beautiful imagine waking up
there and ordering breakfast in bed
that's not what's happening right now
though here's the view from the window
beautiful London is very grey outside
typical
this will have glam we are guys we have
chicken nuggets fries this is how we do
how to do Moomin and bread it's all
beige my favourite colour food I just
finished getting ready and I'm feeling
great because I'm the first one done and
we all know I mean I've mentioned this
was last year fiasco I was definitely
the last ones of we have this is the
dress I'm wearing it's a red dress from
ASOS I'll link it down below and it's
the same black shoes
pull it over other wore yesterday and
the same Chloe bag well Duke it I went a
little more natural to make out today my
hair looks really cool so I'm feeling
good
midnight ahead so it's a little bit dark
I'm just in the car with Patricia and we
are heading to the red carpet which is
very exciting there's quite a bit of
traffic because I'm assuming loads of
people are heading that way but yeah
we're having a little the calm before
the storm
that's for sure I'm going to show you
guys the storm once we get there both
position I just made it the red carpet
is crazy it's really cool
let me play guys it is freezing but very
very cool love it
okay guys well no one knows who I am
it's pretty insane I mean arrow sweet
yes max Eleazar Prada right yes oh okay
yeah my friend Rosie hi dang that was
just absolutely insane
Natalie and I seek to love Meryl Streep
on the red carpet but as hell I know my
friends live to declare jealous cuz his
major hog for him and when he shows his
gorgeous in real life and amazing pieces
of amazing have you good for the camera
Rajan awesome and leave is truly
stunning it's better than anything I've
ever seen in my entire existence is
gorgeous
Reza mention I thought Naomi Harris or
well as John Krasinski I mean living out
all my office drinks is out right there
so
very cool and cat leasing sorry inside
as you guessed I did it again I fell
asleep I made a much less glama tire
than yesterday I'm wearing as ones with
the room sweater Wow
you know zero to 100 real quick ins 100
to zero real quick I had such an amazing
time I don't know how much footage I got
it was all such a blur I was just
watching my snapchat where I saw Meryl
Streep
I felt Meryl Streep like up close like
within arm's reach like six times
that's not an everyday occurrence
that's the streak you know I was
actually talking to Sally Hughes about
it and she's like Meryl walked past
Sally and I am just like oh my god and
Sally was just like I can't it is crazy
um yes a despot hell um I don't know I'm
not like a huge like celebrity like
human but they like really save as
people like it's like very you don't
expect to like be near these people it's
like they're they're real it was Oh for
me Emma Stone I must own had the best
outfit of the entire night she wore this
like gorgeous dress but it had these
trousers under it and a silver shoes and
she just looks incredible but yeah
la-la-land was like took away it took
took away took loads of Beth Scott I'm
tired uh lalala and won a lot of awards
last night is my point and it was
honestly always such an inspiring
experience I mean I went last year but I
feel like this year was a little bit
different
um I think a lot of a lot of speakers
were really heartfelt and the running
theme was all about acceptance and and
and really about how like film and art
can kind of transform people's opinions
and really help to kind of like breed
acceptance and empathy which is really
true you know so that was that was
really good lots of amazing speeches and
oh no please just maybe want to be like
a film director because it's just it
just is so cool
Eddie Redmayne saw him you know just
hanging out with my pal Meryl Streep and
Hugh Grant no just kidding
but it was really really good and I had
is a research great company as well I
was really enjoying my time with squad
Sapta side Lisa Eldridge
no biggie when we went to dinner and
that was really lovely and she was so
Madison I don't know it was just it was
really inspiring a good night just
positive vibes all around so I want to
say it obviously a big thank you to my
lancome family for taking me along and
just being so amazing as always
I was it was super super fun I'm really
exhausted as much it was super super fun
if you want to know what I was wearing
to either of the days make sure you
check the description box I'm going to
have everything linked down below I
really liked my red dress that I wore
last night actually now it's just in a
sauce number w ee w hzl0 at UK or calm
and just typed in red lace dress anyway
I'm going to wrap it up because I have
to get ready because as one and I are
actually off to Manchester for an event
that I'm doing here is oh so many people
oh I just switched something on the
camera um so many it's just one oh god
I'm such a grandma um so many people are
like I feel like I was never in the
vlogs anymore that's what like so many
girls were saying website so here you
are ma'am here you are
was mrs. Bernard found uh-huh and you
want to promote your vlog oh yeah I
shouldn't see me more of me in reload
like situations you can check out my
youtube channel included at 9 Iceland
blogs they were dice and recently if you
didn't know so I say I will make sure
this s they will make sure to link that
in the description yes
and Reggie's here too Oh reg Oh Reggie
anyway guys I hope you enjoyed seeing
this past weekend it was like I said
such a dream what's so fun and just like
I feel so lucky to have been able to go
to something like
you know like I turn the camera off
halfway through that speech but what I'm
saying is I feel really lucky to be able
to do things like that
it was just really inspirational I feel
really good I'm buzzing I'm buzzing so
anyway that's it I'm ending it for real
now I'll see you in my next vlog
whenever that may be
not entirely sure see ya
