oh yes look at that beautiful beautiful
start of the day Reggie did not like the
slightly wet start to the day today did
you Reggie no I did not
this guy was so miffed about having to
wear his raincoat this morning he was
not a big fan he is now much happier all
dry and comfortable on a situation I
look pretty good morning
we are excited not because it's raining
but because we are heading to LA
tomorrow we also have a new camera the
Aslan is very excited to be trying it oh
well new vlog camera you know you know
what the lung cancer situations like you
blood with them like four or five months
and then get one out yeah they just died
yeah but um this is Kimmy tell them what
it is in case severe bruise wondering oh
sure yeah Sony rx100 mark four which is
good I mean we've tried they will try
the Canon stuff so we tried to kind of
g7x well you know the kind of stuff some
reason like it's four or five months and
then you have to replace yeah so let us
know if you like this quality better
yeah so we try out Sony hopefully sign
any bill be a bit longer long I'm just
typing up a post on way hair care which
Aslan knows I am so obsessed with if
there's a big fan especially when she
found out that somehow involved the
Kardashian she's like oh oh they must
know what they do what is going on my
hair come over look at this this is
crazy
no as one's hair is always so cool but
no I am obsessed with this stuff like I
love Jen askin in general who's like the
creator of this range but I think this
is like the most exciting Beauty launch
I've seen a long time like it is
probably the best I'm obsessed I hope
says okay she she likes it I have no
preference for it I haven't used it
yeah use it today just I'm just curious
to see if you like it like smell my hair
mmm smells smells a lot like whey oh my
god yeah oh sorry I'm just typing that
up and then I'm going to paint my nails
because we are at we are heading to LA
tomorrow yeah so we're gonna have my
nails done a few things you're gonna run
around town trying to get a few things
done here there so yeah we will be
vlogging a lot in this trip because
we're going to LA and then we're going
to Canada as well
so there'll be a lot of vlogs from the
sunshine so make sure you guys are
subscribed your so you know what we're
up to all during every day and follow as
when on Instagram because I'm sure he's
going to be cranking out some gems it's
at lion's mane linesman with a zero
thank you thank you for the plug no pro
bono me too okay how do these plug
myself as they doesn't really great
alright the blog post is finished if you
didn't know this I have a blog it is
este Lomond calm actually why don't I
just give you a little tour while I'm at
it so yeah this is the blog like this
I'm actually changing it in a couple of
days I don't know why I'm showing this
but um yeah so here's the main post
clickety clickety and then there's some
writing there's some pictures you guys
know what a blog looks like but go check
out this post if you're interested in
the way haircare cuz it's like blowing
my mind just I feel like this new camera
by using the microphone here anyway
I've just gotten out of the uber and now
I'm heading to penguin - well actually
it's kind of an exciting date because
I'm getting I'm going to stand here and
on the wind it's an exciting day at
penguin because I'm picking up what my
manager keeps calling the wet proof but
no one seems to know what that is except
her but basically it's just the version
of the book with the cover no words
inside just like what the outside of the
book looks like so very excited
so if you ever wonder what London looks
like on the first day of summer it's
this this miserable list
it's actually not raining right now but
which is a plus but very very sad day I
was just looking online and I read this
article about this book called the girls
by Emma Klein I had no idea Bree was
publishing it so I'm gonna ask Laura my
publisher if I can have a copy because I
love it these are like all the books
inside the foyer here huh so I can't
show you the cover yet sadly although
it's coming very soon at the end of this
month but I just wanted to let you know
that we've just gone through all of
these pages and we are colour proofing
to make sure that all the colors look
beautiful which they do so that's what
we've just been going through lots and
lots of pages I have to go in like two
seconds but I just wanted to let you
know that the lovely receptionist let me
take a copy of this the girls and she
let me take it right from the cabinet
she said they didn't have any other
copies but I'm gonna have a quick drink
of water and then I'm going Aslan's
watering his plants Oh
whilst this days away we are gonna go
for a walk are we rage yes we are mister
come on let's go
poor reg is still suffering from his
shoulder injury fraid he's just a little
bit slow to walk it's okay we take extra
time if we need to what did you spot in
the squirrel there's girls here no
squirrels here buddy Reggie has no idea
but I stay dry nearby we'll see how he
reacts
Oh split the squirrel Oh Oh who is it
oh he doesn't he's so cute he loves it
kids with a squirrel bit more why you
can really see the blue yeah my license
this little man is now walked eaten and
relaxing and a stay is getting a little
tea break just before we go off because
because we're gonna stay we're going to
go and take Reggie to his little holiday
home where he stays whilst we're away um
that's gonna take it's just him in the
home like he cooks for himself clean for
himself
yeah it's like his little vacation
that's a little like certain oh he's a
bachelor now yeah he goes he goes wild
it's like Ronnie Springer he goes on a
huge amount yeah he goes on a bender for
girl weeks um whilst that's happening
does to be a while we're gonna leave
with some footage of us earlier on in
the week when we were trying to do some
spring cleaning well it was more as when
we had to clean out his wardrobe yeah I
have to get rid of the clothes so we
will insert cut to that it so that
footage now will return in four hours
time
today is going to be a bit of a annoying
day because we're going to do a big
wardrobe clear out its spring time and I
have to admit that I have an addiction
to hoarding clothes so I have come to
terms with it today is a day where we
try and make a dent
and essentially cure me of my horrible
horrible addiction yes because I like to
do this periodically through the year I
don't have much as much of a hoarding
addiction as you know I oh he probably
has not gone through his clothes in the
7 years we've been together
I didn't think I've ever gone through
like a proper nitty gritty down to the
roots clear out ever yeah
and so today's the day yeah if you're
wondering why I'm orange it's because I
got a spray tan yesterday are you orange
the market Angelina I'm a Clementine no
I actually feel like the color is nice
but just on me it looks so different it
looks strange kids you know people don't
expect you to be tanned people don't
expect we have any color whatsoever they
expect you to be similar to like a milk
bottle so yeah let's get that basically
I stayed like top tip is to like get all
your trousers together and then go
through the trousers then get your
t-shirts together get kids a t-shirt
it's not actually my top tip it's Maria
condo maria condos of is de la la la
love room why maria condo yeah so we're
gonna start with that I think I'm gonna
get all my trousers and mate has quite a
few trousers hey what are you like
British or something maybe it isn't that
your biggest pet peeve when North
Americans try to be British yeah when
they do the accent
my has lots of trousers that would be
annoying but I just I can say the word
made me and lots of traffic okay so um I
just covered something one clean out the
trousers a this drawer right here this
is all effed up so I'm gonna try and fix
it so
after like loads of wrestling's like I
did not sign up for this I didn't I
didn't have to fake the draw where we go
bloody trousers to get rid of somebody
face let's go so yeah okay here we go
here is my shame my actual shame seven
years of trousers short collection right
here what's so funny huh
yeah how bad is it I mean I mean that's
a lot there's a lot of trousers oh yeah
there's a lot of trousers house is done
believe it or not and I stays it sushi
up the short documentary watching so wow
look at this believe it or not these are
all to go jazz I'm left with is just a
small little pile here I mean relatively
small it's still a large pile of
trousers but yeah can you believe that
these are all trousers I do not want
amazing but you know one thing I think
I'm gonna get rid of what what you're
not gonna believe is this sweater oh no
I am surely not surely not I don't know
if I should get rid of it how long have
you had this for this has been like six
years or something yeah a long time a
long long time it's like my comfort
sweater
hey you put them in HD right so
comfortable but those are like an
emotional you know absolute this I like
you like it why's that most of this
stuff there's no emotional attachment to
any of these really except for this gray
pair of cause jeans that I've had for
like I don't know four or five years now
but Estee tells me that the crotch is
getting a little bit blown outta here
so scientists I know that's a good buy
I'd like to introduce everybody to the
to the skirt I want purchase from Zara
or something because hey what I was
gonna do are you gonna like shoot in it
and cut off the sides because there were
like a pair of Rick Owens trousers that
kind of look like after I was like well
I'm not gonna spend whatever but I'm
gonna make my own and I was about five
years ago and I still have them and
never got around to doing it so today is
the day I get rid of this guy they say
it has to get worse before it gets
better and I think we're definitely in
the worse section okay doing the same
thing with the t-shirts now my that's
about t-shirts the yucky yucky t-shirts
that are going these are the keepers a
dime thousand t-shirts I've got just
hoodies to go I don't even want to touch
the coats I feel like the coats is gonna
be such an emotion a dress show no yeah
about the coat coat sir the coats are
beautiful who doesn't have a good coat
sir yeah oh your elbows stabbing my ass
Oh
I'm gonna try and win something Reggie
or instead it was switched thing should
I go Reggie or stay I liked the bore and
I liked it strawberry
how do you go about 20 seconds okay
it's a no-no it's got too much weight on
it just in case you guys don't know all
these are rings basically the computer
determines randomly which which point
the clothes he grabs it properly up so
you can be as good as you want like you
should have got that to me we've
literally went right on that thing get
that the white thing oh come on come on
come on oh that's not fair it's a good
look it's just like random oh why the
heck did you play it if you knew you you
couldn't win you might win so let me try
get his name
you believe I got perfect aim yet it
doesn't get it whoa look at this mess
this is indeed the packing mess we are
leaving tomorrow morning at 9 a.m.
plane is taking off when we're still not
packed which is classic so I think me
and I stay gonna do that we won't bore
you guys showing you how we pack you
know that's boring enough to do just by
yourself so you need to show it off to
the Internet
yeah really excited and the next time
we'll see you guys we'll be on the way
to LA boy all right guys I thought I was
gonna have time to show you everything I
put on my face but it was kind of like
the mad dash to get myself looking nice
I don't feel like I've ever looked this
good before
I just feel really nice and this outfit
I don't know I feel like this outfit is
very me
