good morning from me I have a face mask
on because today is a day it's a little
different than regular days I'm going to
the glamour Awards tonight with glamour
I'm so excited to have been invited I'm
so excited to go I've never went before
I'm really excited so yeah I'm obviously
doing a face mask just to keep the skin
juicy supple and ready to rumble
I have my outfit of course because it is
tonight but I just found what I was
gonna wear like two days ago um but I
really like it it's not a dress it's
like a little jumpsuit thing but I'll
show you later
what else can I tell you yeah it's
pretty much just prep time I did my
nails yesterday just went for a neutral
color and it's only ten o'clock in the
morning and the awards aren't until like
7 p.m. at night so I'm just gonna have
like a regular work day and then at 3
o'clock I'm know 3:30 I'm going to get
my hair done Larry's gonna do my hair so
I will see you when I'm going to get my
hair done and by the way thanks for all
the love and support on the lemons video
Reggie and I really appreciate it
don't ya all right I'm just about to
leave and I'm trying to get George on
camera but buddy's putting a sweater on
so let's just wait I am really loving
this little bra contraption I don't know
I feel like maybe as much yeah Oh George
thought it's a bikini it's a bra anyway
here's George I want to introduce you
just popped by each other anyway George
has an amazing channel and I want to
tell you all about it so George can you
just give this feel and what it actually
is I make videos about film photography
I guess yes cameras taking photos having
fun having fun and even as one has hat
oh I'm so blue my lips are blue and
everything even Aslan has made his debut
on his channel it's called negative
feedback so go check it out and now I'm
going to get my hair done thank God
because I look like a greasy rat let's
go
so we just dropped George off at the
station that's why I'm sitting in the
back but it is really pouring outside
it's like the worst thunder and
lightning storm of the summer it's
really depressing actually but anyway I
was gonna drop me off at the hair salon
so Larry is working his magic on my hair
and he's gonna explain what we're going
for
what's today's vibe so it's nice for my
fish to be really quite casual we're
making little waves we really find
really small like beachy vibe and
structure but so you're gonna kind of
keep it over to my side this side
I love it already
can I do my hair like this every day or
is it like a bit much simply to do you
gotta just take really fine sections
when your tummy just really holding
touching really really really scrunching
into it so you get lots of texture into
it
separating make it really look like
textured love alright I just got home
and I feel like my hair is already like
super frizzy because it is so humid
outside cuz when it's like really hot
and then a train like risk food for
disaster but I think my hair looks
amazing I really love it Larry is like
my fave anyway I'm just gonna have a
really quick bite to eat I don't want to
be hungry during this which is real
number one for me anywhere I go ever so
it's 5 o'clock I have to leave here at
6:15 ish to meet a friend of mine I had
to do my makeup and get changed so let's
do this thing
alright guys I thought I was gonna have
time to show you everything I put on my
face but it was kind of like the mad
dash to get myself looking nice I don't
feel like I've ever looked this good
before I just feel really nice and this
outfit I don't know I feel like this
outfit is very me and I'm really glad I
decided not to wear a dress cuz you look
great I don't I don't feel myself and
dresses so I'm really pleased but um in
general I'm just wearing tinted
moisturizer my false lashes they're like
eyelash extensions my eyebrows and a lip
balm and a bit of bronzer and a little
bit of blush that's it
so yeah I'm gonna get a sling to show
you my outfit now so this is what I'm
wearing to the glamour Awards tonight
it's a self-portrait I guess we call
this like a jumpsuit pasties like flared
legs which I love is just super simple
tight and all the right places
and I feel like good in it also
my shoes are Manolo Blahniks which are
not mine I'm borrowing them for the
so thanks to Melinda with Manolo Blahnik
for lending them to me close up on the
shoes honey
no good these are so nice I think
they're part of their new collection and
they're so comfortable I think that the
first pair of Manolos I've ever worn and
they're nice I am so excited to go to
the glamour Awards tonight you have no
idea I've been like counting down the
days so let's go
Craig David the crazy
over there and just so so many more I
can't begin to explain to
having a great
there's my dinner
because I have some blood on my iPhone
because my camera wouldn't fit in my bag
this is a very unflattering angle of my
face but I'm just gonna quit even put
flurries not bring attention and Anna's
somewhere over there too but never
having a really fun
what time to be alive in front of such
amazing empowering beautiful inspiring
women in one building I'll see you in
there
good morning guys oh my god I'm so tired
I forgot to end the vlog last night and
also apologies for having to use my
iPhone I realized just as I was leaving
the door that my camera wouldn't
physically fit in my clutch bag so I
couldn't bring it but I tried to do my
best on the iPhone and I I don't know I
had such okay try that again I had such
an amazing time last night it was so
much fun
genuinely the most fun I've had in a
really long time was really funny
everybody was being super funny up on
the stage um there were just like so
many cool celebrities and I never really
like feel weird about celebrities but
like there were just so many of them so
anyway a big thank you to glamour for
inviting me and another special thank
you to Alessandra Steiner for making
sure I sat beside her because I was so
nice I love elisandra and fun it was
just fun night so anyway I'm gonna wrap
things up I'm gonna try to stay awake
and alert mm-hmm um yeah I hope you guys
liked coming along with me and I'll see
you in the next one bye and what did you
do when I was being miss cool thing at
glamour Awards Oh meeting someone ever
get friends you know just hang out with
other people yeah okay yeah I think a
few things have happened that nobody was
kind of good for see and it meant like
the things that we had planned
especially in terms of like videos for
this channel really changed so we just
wanted to update you guys let you know
what's gonna be going on
