hi guys welcome back we thought we'd do
a little short video which is gonna be
just a life update things have been
happening in the past kind of month or
so I don't think we've ever done in life
update video before I've never been
compelled to do one but the past like
month has been a bit dramatic
yeah I think a few things have happened
that nobody was kind of good for see and
it meant like the things that we had
planned especially in terms of like
videos for this channel already changed
mm-hmm so we just wanted to update you
guys let you know what's gonna be going
on a main point of this video is that
Aslan and I are gonna be starting to
make loads of videos on this channel and
that we're really excited about all the
cool new ideas we have for this channel
we wanted it to start in June for
balloon I know everybody like so it's
good to be on Twitter today that yak or
yesterday that the worst part about me
not doing balloon is that they can't
hear me save loon every day cuz I say
balloon like really I guess yeah so just
get your fill loon balloon food okay so
let's just start off with what the
hell's going on with Reggie yeah the
poor little guy so basically it all
happened about it all started about on
Mother's Day
so what a month and a half ago now yeah
so basically where you started Mother's
Day in the UK yeah Mother's Day in the
UK so Reggie you started kind of like
whining whenever it he'd get up so every
single time he tried to get up like
would it bend his neck forward he'd
start to whine and you could tell he was
in discomfort and pain and he also
wouldn't bend down to touch food on the
ground so we took him to the vet the vet
initially just said oh it could be like
you know a whole host of things but
hopefully it's just like a sprained
muscle so they'll just give him some
anti-inflammatories and we he was
anti-inflammatories for a week but that
didn't help
so we basically kept them going back to
the vets and every single time they did
more tests I mean at this point we've
now done an x-ray and an MRI on Reggie
and nothing has actually revealed itself
to be the cause of the issue
yes so you guys might remember when we
took Reggie to get his teeth done
the point of that appointment wasn't to
get his teeth done it was to get an
x-ray and to get his teeth clean just at
the same time so the drama around his
teeth wasn't really about his teeth it
was about yeah the point of that the
point was the x-ray and they didn't see
anything bad in the x-ray obviously they
did take some teeth out which is fine
he's fine than that so then after the
x-ray he was put back on
anti-inflammatories and once the course
of that ran out he seemed to get like
way worse than he ever was in the
beginning and when Aslan says whines he
really means like screams out in pain
yeah I don't know if you ever heard like
greyhounds like scream out in pain but
it's a very kind of like high-pitched
dramatic noise so it's not nice so
anyway - oh god wants been like three
days ago we took ready for his MRI and
it was at like a specialist vets it's
not like a regular vet it's like where
you referred to if they need like more I
don't want say serious but like they
need more in-depth help or whatever yeah
like if an issue isn't like an obvious
straightforward issue that unlike a
normal vector and fix so he went in he
was seen by specialist neurologist and I
mean a thank god she's confirmed that
you know it isn't a slip disc there's no
tumor pressing up on his spine or
anything like that but can I just talk
to them about the actual MRI appointment
which was very upsetting yeah it was
very dramatic like I don't think we were
quite prepared for it so we just thought
it was going in to get an MRI and that
was that but in the like consultation
she said it is most likely a slipped
disc and he'll most likely need surgery
today which is like quite a risky
surgery cuz it's like on his spine so
she basically said like it's a common
surgery but a very risky one which is
obviously like very upsetting you don't
expect to hear that about your little
baby and all dog lovers know like he's
not just a dog he's our son so and it
was just that we weren't expecting to
have a potential operation on the day we
were bringing him for the MRI we just
thought he's gonna go in for the MRI and
that's it
so we were kind of really lit shaken up
on the day like hearing that he could
have a potentially like you know
life-threatening operation on that day
but thank God it's not a slip disc and
it's not a tumor it's not something that
they needed to operate on you know
instantly but the bad news is that they
don't know what it is so you know
they've done but he still got one more
blood test Jews be back so maybe that
will reveal something but basically the
neurologist said that this isn't a
straightforward case she's gonna get two
or three or four other colleagues to
help her so good not just a neurologist
like you know people who deal with all
different parts of animal bodies so I
mean fingers crossed we will try and get
an answer but it's just it's just really
upsetting because you know Reggie's been
put under twice now you know and it's a
really difficult thing for him like it's
a difficult for any dog to be put under
general anaesthetic and to go through
all that kind of worry and pain and
stress for him and not to get an answer
yeah it's really it's pretty frustrating
and I also want to point out that his
hair is not on fleek because they
basically had to take a sample of this
like fluid that's near the brain and
spinal cord is that right yeah and so
they had to like shave off his little
neck yeah and it's a hack job shaved in
two places I mean it doesn't look good
no it's not it's not a hot look for him
poor old guys got some weird haircut
that tests came back fine they thought
maybe it was meningitis but it wasn't
meningitis so anyway we will keep you
guys updated as soon as we know what's
going on with our little baby because
you guys are attached to Reggie - I mean
I feel like you guys you've seen Reggie
since the day we got him so he's a he's
an Internet dog so I think it's crossed
you know it's all just let's hope we get
to the bottom whatever it is because he
can't be an anti-inflammatories forever
you know yeah we'll try and find out
what the problem is so I mean the reason
why is relevant in regards like the
videos and this channels because we were
planning on doing loads of vlogs because
we're gonna go to Lisbon about like four
or five days ago a week back but because
of all this stuff were Reggie and the
situation seemed to become relatively
serious like a week ago we canceled that
trip we decided to like you know focus
and try and get to the ball
of whatever is going on with his neck so
yeah unfortunately it's meant that you
know we haven't been able to vlog so
sorry about that but there will be you
know loads more vlogs coming up we are
going to LA we will be doing lots of
traveling this summer so you'll do you
guys will get some travel plans
yeah so I just want to preface this next
point by saying I'm an emotional wreck
just to excuse the tears I'm just like I
cry all the time I cry happy and sad
okay you guys know a couple weeks ago I
went back to Canada cuz my grandpa was
sick in the hospital and he seemed to be
like getting kind of better but not
really and he was like 87 years old so
anyway I came home and unfortunately two
or three days later he passed away so I
am NOT gonna cry but it's a very very
tough time with you know a lot of stress
going on that wasn't expected and it
kind of really came out of nowhere it's
been difficult a couple of weeks
yes so anyway I'm going back on well I'm
going back next Friday for the funeral
so I'm going back to Canada so if you
wondering why I'm back in Canada that is
why I haven't really experienced death
in my life which I guess makes me lucky
but it's pretty shitty and on top of
that there's been some other bad news
that I will be talking about because I
can't
but June has been pretty shitty so far
it's only like June the third it's
actually been May it's May and June okay
besides all that I've been trying to
finish off my book which is actually
completely finished I just finished it
we finished it a while ago but I
properly finished it on Friday a couple
of days ago so now we're just waiting
for the wet proof which I have learned
means that it's like the first like copy
of the book like in the book with the
cover I was supposed to do I cover
reveal and tell you guys like what the
cover looks like in all of this but we
like just kind of finished it
that is another saga in itself but I'm
really pleased with the cover now so
hopefully I'll be able to show you guys
the cover for that um the book does come
out on September 1st still you can
pre-order it on Amazon doing a book is a
lot of work at the best of times and the
book to me is like so personal and it is
quite like emotional for me to even like
write the book so like to do that during
all this has been a bit like intense I
think like one thing that I've learned
from this is that writing a book is a
marathon like you know and you come in
your coming like to the last stages of
the marathon so you like you're really
like you're sick and tired I like I just
want to be done with it like you know
but it's difficult to like just push
yourself through just make sure that
you're still on top of the game
everything is gonna be yeah good
everything's gonna be like you want it
to be yeah like the book is I think it's
close to fifty thousand words and I've
probably read through the entire book
like three or four times and like you
you can't just like skim over parts not
that I would skim over my own book but
it's just like I've read it I wrote it
and I've read it like I know it's my
life I know what it's about so it's been
like a bit like it's very time-consuming
it's very fun it's very fun it's been
like a really rewarding process for me
I'm so excited about the book but it's
just been it's been like more stressful
than than it normally would be I think
and a couple of days ago I actually just
read the book cover to cover and I'm
very excited to say that I think you
guys are gonna be in for a treat yeah
it's very it makes back much for me like
you know I just thought that I just
didn't think it would be so easy to read
and so enjoyable to read like you know
thank you yeah you guys and there's been
a lot of speculation going around that I
did not write the book and it pisses me
off because I wrote the book I literally
spent weeks months hours days writing
this book I wrote the book I guess she's
she's written the book me and Reggie for
long hours we were being ignored in this
typing your word her keyboard for a very
long time so yeah
so that's that to end this whole video
off on a positive note let's talk about
the videos we do want to do in this
channel the nice thing is that you know
we've been able to focus on other things
and it's good to know that they're like
distractions that you can work on to
help you get through things yeah and
thinking up of video ideas for this
channel was definitely one of them so
we're it excited to start doing more
videos on here we thought of a few ideas
if you guys have any ideas or any
suggestions or the kind of videos that
you want to see leave them down below
we're gonna be you know looking for
ideas at the moment so yeah it'd be good
to hear what your thoughts and opinions
are and this is a vlog channel and we're
still gonna be doing vlogs but we also
want to do like different kind of stuff
as well like yeah I mean not too
different I'm too nervous but like you
know we just want to have fun on this
channel we want to be able to upload all
the time and just be like we feel like
doing this here's the video I hope you
guys like it kind of vibe I hope I hope
you're into that but yeah we just wanna
like goof around and like have fun on
this channel I don't know I feel like
this channel is fun yeah but like we
want to make it better so I know you
guys are gonna send me lots of love
because you always do I'm very spoiled
in that regard so thank you in advance
for your support it means like it means
a lot to both aslan and i and yeah we
just love making videos so we want to
make more so anyway subscribe if you
haven't already and I guess we'll see
you soon we're gonna fill try to film a
fun video today as fun as I can be in my
current state yeah so yeah I hope it'll
be a video coming soon and we are
literally you know heading off for
VidCon and LA in just a few weeks time
so we can't wait that's gonna be a great
time so yeah I think we've done enough
rambling yep thank you guys goodbye see
you later bye
