we just came out of the cold and look at
s days a goosebumps came out of the
level
you have a weird buddy should I be
embarrassed for being cold yeah
embarrassed right now okay oh don't show
bad look at that
this is gross spirit okay well don't go
freaky jeez Oh like some sort of weird
Porter fetish although we've been
spoiled here in London with some really
nice warm days today is so rainy and
miserable as you can see from my
physical appearance I'm showing you on
the outside how we feel on the inside
I'm even wearing a hat that's how cold
damp and radiators anyway today we
thought we would um ease our sorrows
with some retail therapy whoo so we're
heading to the mall I feel so weird
calling it a mom oh come on we're going
to the shopping center we're going to a
shopping center London's shopping
centers under try and pick up some
clothes for the summer because I have
literally zero like shorts and kind of
summery things I can try and get a few
things because I think we're gonna be
traveling to some places that it be hot
summery so need to make sure my legs are
sweating if you know that me yeah this
summer as well and I will be in the heat
I know a lot of you guys know that we'll
be well you don't know as one's coming
but we're both going to LA it's Aslan's
first time in LA so he's very excited
I'm very excited look at this rain
this is just let me zaraba Aslan's
calling this limb is a habla
you know how sometimes you choose the
wrong Footwear well I think this dude
picked the wrong kind of car for today
there's no freaking windows on it
with the cold and Twizy right Oh Susie
Wow he's rolling with it here we are now
at the Westfield we have arrived how are
you feeling huh yeah let's get some food
first
they went for Lebanese or rap pickle
action she got the hookups she says that
she now knows the place to get these and
I got the bang bang bang this is some
serious Pro action here but the mix flow
got the Morning Glory
I never thought like something so like
quanti essentially a giant weed could
taste so good but it's amazing it's in
chili squid so now we've got fuel in the
engine let's hit those shots
okay we're a little shopped out so I
took a little pit stop break and it's
tasted I getting a smoothie and yeah you
can tell she needs a little something to
pick up right now she needs a little
some don't you hmm
I'm like for a steak is I kind of lost
her but you know when you're like in a
big busy shop and you lose a girlfriend
a boyfriend you're trying to find them
is it just me or do you start to kind of
forget what they look like like I
started to get like what what is she
wearing today
like is she wearing a coat or is she
wearing nothing - even her color care
this year the champ blonde hair and like
if you can't find it for a while I start
like panic I'm like can actually
remember anything
we're all shopped out man I was a lot of
shopping you forget how how tiring chunk
in the physical world is you get like
spoiled by online shopping than shopping
real life it's a bit different but I was
gonna say I said doesn't like I bought
so many things that I probably wouldn't
have bought online so I definitely agree
for sure yeah anyway enough about us
complain about shopping um yeah like how
can you complain about shopping
we've managed it anyway uh we will be
moving on and actually doing the whole
I'm going to try on or outfits and
whatever and then show you guys what we
got how you taking the piss on him yeah
well you did that day today I always do
that we're now in a state office and
we're going to commence with the whole
and there's actually a lot more than I
thought we had got yeah yeah a lot more
so maybe some of these will be returned
because I got a lot of shorts maybe too
many fields so first place we went to
was H&M and I picked up this nice little
stripy top number right here which I
fell in love with when I saw him yes
they said she liked it um and you know
what I kind of get bored of the normal
kinda like stripy top you get those
stripy top Selena all over but this is
nice and scraps are just down at the
bottom and as they said it looks more
expensive than H&M sells they go okay
yeah I thought that was really nice and
you don't actually wear white that often
it's your well well you were white
t-shirts but not like a white knit thing
yeah I don't I don't really wear white
knitwear or jeans or anything but after
I was inspired by this I got myself I
can't believe this honestly a white pair
of shorts why are we unlike you very
much that what I thought you know what
I'm seeing myself in the summer heat it
would be blazing on my my crotch will
give me blazing in the right Jean
saccades and actually I tried them on
art and they kind of look okay I never
thought I could pull off white shorts
they look good
oh okay so when I went hmm I picked up
one of these things now this is hard to
kind of show off this is basically like
a long line it's not even a jacket
because it's so light and this is very
wrinkled as well it was always wrinkled
but yeah it has a little pocket here
it's basically like you don't want to
wear a jacket but you want to have a
little something extra and I think it
adds something cool to any outfit cause
it kind of sways and flows as you walk I
love this I love the color as well
because it's kind of like a mix between
a cream and grey hmm
basic ray it's a great gray color and
then I also got these two shirts so this
is like a crop top for people who don't
like to wear crop tops because it's not
actually that crop but it is that makes
sense and it has this little lacy doily
detail here which I love I always like
to add a little grandma into my wardrobe
because I do like this this is like make
sure those the oldest and they really
need to be like it makes me like 60 when
I'm really trying to be like doing yeah
but it's very comfortable and it's like
a nice light knit sheer fabric so it's
not going to be too hot and then I also
got oh it's attached I also got this
Tassili t-shirt which at first I was
like who in their right mind to wear
something like that but then I was like
kind of thinking about it more and I
thought it was cool I thought it was
very interesting when I tried it on I
liked it a lot more than I thought who
doesn't want tassels in their office
imagine the video getting trapped in
that oh that's good yeah that's good and
one more quick item from H&M I got this
stripe frustratedly speckle t-shirt and
you know what I was really amazed by the
price because these are like really hot
and cause like last summer and then
they're really expensive like 25 pounds
it's going in five episode this t-shirt
cost five pounds that flew my life yeah
because nobody likes pencil teachers a
bit more but Pacific it's good quality
laughs and it's it feels decent and yeah
then we went into urban outfitters and
some reason urban outfitters was dead as
it was really empty like Williams and
I'm speaking to the guy was like and
then he was like I don't know what's
going on today there's no there was
literally no one in so we were in the
store alone and there's like two stories
to this store it's kind of weird
it was a bit strange but anyway Iceland
actually kicked us out for me I mean I
saw it when I went in and I thought oh I
love that and I'm like oh I can't pull
it off and then I was like what about
this t-shirt and I was like I was making
a flame thing and I mean it's just a
classic Tommy James t-shirt and I've
already thought of the Instagram caption
I'm going to use when I pose in this
t-shirt are you gonna reveal it now boy
I forget it now okay
it'll come back to me it was something
like what did I say um oh I got fully
morphed into my mom from the 80s or
something like you know what it'll be
better when I actually post it but I
thought this was just like classic
t-shirt what you think of a t-shirt you
think of these t-shirt yeah and this is
kind of like Tommy Hilfiger graphic it's
very hot right very hot very good and I
thought I could just wear it with a pair
of high-waisted jeans and a belt mm-hmm
yeah be one of the cool girls for what
super flex very super American you know
it reminds me of like Cindy Crawford in
the 90s or something basically me and my
only purchase for our webinars is
actually from their vintage stuff
because they like in every single store
they have like a range of vintage things
that we pick out and it was a corduroy
kind of beige shirt now you know to sum
up like I like to wear t-shirts all the
time but towards the evening does get a
little bit colder and I love to like get
like a big kind of like baggy t-shirt
and just like throw over the t-shirt and
keeps you warm during the evenings and
you don't spin about anything like this
either you have that denim job yeah yeah
and I was like this is kind of a
versatile color
corduroys nice yeah I think I could like
if I was out and about like in LA and I
wanted to
like a cowboy bar in the evening just
pop this on top blend right it and as we
all know when adalynn goes to America
his accent goes full-blown cowboy yes
it's frickin weird you guys will hear
that in the blog tonight anyway I also
forgot I got this skirt this is also
from Urban Outfitters this is a cute
little skirt I think maybe you could
even pair that with a team you know why
limit yourself to jeans and belt
I like how you holding your super casual
I like this skirt though especially
because girls you'll understand me it
actually has this tight skirt underneath
which is like a body con and it covers
your butt and it kind of sucks you in
you know what when you put that in I
didn't even notice a head like that I
know
so it's really really nice so I love
that skirt actually then we went to
every favorite Zara and this is where I
went a little cray-cray on the shorts
people okay so I got three pair of
shorts they're essentially exactly the
same kind I've got a black pair denim
shorts that are distressed a normal kind
of mid blue thank you sure about that
you don't like those I like these
because the actual distressing is like
this nice cream yeah well I don't like
oh you don't like that I love that I
love the Greens I don't hate on just
them and I got this really light blue
wash this dress as well um you know I'm
gonna get through the shorts in the
summer mmm
you're gonna blow through that I'm gonna
blow through them I need the shorts so
these are good versatile and they seem
like they put a lot yeah that's good
and everyone well not everyone probably
no one knows this about me but I love
guys in ripped jeans and it's all
because of Kanye because he looks so hot
and his ripped jeans all the time and
I'm like yeah and because a stay is
always banging on about people in ripped
guys look so hot in ripped jeans and
she's always wearing ripped jeans
herself and I'm kind of jealous that I
have a pair of jeans I mean I got myself
a pair of jeans in Zara
oh they're frayed I don't even have a
pair of afraid Jean afraid of the boat
I've been trying to find it there super
like you know again like acid like light
wash perfect for the summer and like
really nicely the stretch I like I like
the fragment above this is this is very
hot this is where what's hot right now
are the mini Slayer Croft jeans with the
frame yeah and I can't find him anywhere
cos they're sold out everywhere
I mean he could be where your tummy yes
I could be wearing this and we'll both
be like so Americana won't on LA yeah
people might think that wasn't like
Betty might been my problem they might
that's a risk you know when we go there
nobody to think I'm from back with my ex
it may be like well I actually don't
know okay and I got one thing from Zara
it's this bag now I love these fringe
bags so much and I don't have one that's
brown you know again this is so like
America like so American influence right
I don't know whether we consciously put
away cars away yeah that's why we make
everything so much um why do I thought
this was really cool and was really well
made and I thought this would just feel
like so easy in the summer and adds like
a cool factor to any outfit I think it
is boss and it's very spacious inside is
to hate these but for some reason now
whenever I see the one girls I kind of
like them yeah I think it cut it cut
like it's a bit attention-seeking
because there's a lot of movement but in
a nice way like you know the movement
makes a detention well cuz your eye gets
drawn to it and normally it's like you
know around the bum area I'm like enough
people want that MA
they want to wander around you put
fringes on your button so you can get
detention now listen we're moving on to
cause I'm going to start with this
attention-seeking number this very
unattractive swimsuit I don't know I I
think it's kind of cute I was really
looking for a swimsuit that was just
like not saying anything tits are now
butt cheeks aren't out because like when
I go home and like chill and night with
my family like my mom has a pool and I
don't know I feel weird if my like cans
are out if you're wearing a tiny micro
bikini yeah it's me
I don't but Mary's coming up Huskies you
want some Steve ham I also like we have
swimming competitions and stuff oh yeah
the diving competitions okay Este and
Eric about a great diver basic really
good it's like a very weird down I don't
know it is because he grew up with a
with a swing of all but I like terrible
timing I can't do it this is your dog
bagging competition yeah we can do that
I'd like you guys see how bad a diving
where shocking I try to like a dive
headfirst and ends up being a belly flop
every time so I got this for the diving
competitions and I also got this red
dress from cause which is a slightly
unexpected yeah I mean I don't think he
went in there looking for sort of thing
I know I won't
what is harm so oh it's perfect so
basically this is just a simple red
dress it's really loose it's like the
most unflattering thing a person could
buy but in a way it is flattering on it
also has this slit here which gives it
some interest and it also has a collar
which makes it a little more dressy I
love it I love the color as well with my
blonde hair okay so my turn would cause
and before I start can I just say Papa
bless whoever at H&M headquarters
decided to bring cos to the UK because
it is so good like I cannot find any
other high street store that does things
that cost us like the colors the cuts so
just whoever it is thinking let's start
off simple but there's just t-shirt we
you to feel color really nice but out of
this like so blue my blue
wearing color love it simple T good
quality get it quality t-shirt right and
the last thing I'll just talk about as a
whole outfit because it kind of is I
decided to go you know a little bit Rick
Owens in SPO so yes I got this t-shirt
which has kind of these elongated arms
again a bit of a funky car and the
material is like kind of silky kind of
caught me really nice you know there's a
lot of like color changing going on
there
so I think I would have prepared that
with these what I stay calls for freeze
what you're suppose they are they kind
of like really long shorts and a stay
just hate Csonka premiums I don't know
why because I personally love capris I'm
sure all the Capri lovers out there you
know we're gonna unite and make them I
don't know like guys and capris I can't
wrap my brain around it with somebody
but these are different because they're
loose wear whatever you want that's just
my go he's like slightly loose man
capris and a pediment is t-shirt and
then finally these lovely shoes these
really simple but kind of elegant
trainers in terms of its shape that's
not doing anything funky but like you
got nice leather here the suede leather
detailing here and they're just really
nice I mean okay these are 80 pounds
which is kind of like a supposed
expensive or just like an
ordinary-looking trainer but these are
made really well I have the white pair
of these they're all white and I've worn
them for like seven months straight yeah
and like not a thing has gone wrong
fully like all leather made in Portugal
480 pounds this is only 25 pounds more
than pair of Converse you know I think
that's like it's a lot of values money
so this is very nice and this outfit
looks hot today I think all this goes
together really well so that's a wrap on
today's video his-and-hers shoppings
really I hope you guys like this video
let us know if you want us to do more of
these in the future I mean we don't
really need any more clothes but like
when we do we could do another one
if you liked it yeah and we're actually
planning to do a lot more videos on this
channel because we're doing more
traveling lot of stuff is happening in
the summer so make sure you subscribe
keep on checking that subscription box
and we'll see the next one alright who
dat
looks like somebody in a striped shirt
got some new sunglasses today yeah and I
cannot believe you went for a white
tortoids no this is very unusual
