good morning I'm going to show you where
I am right now I'm just sitting in
traffic it is a standstill and I don't
know if you can you probably can't see
behind this big truck but there is think
bed I'll probably be sitting here for
another hour so so I just wanted to let
you know oh there we go we're moving
we're moving people I decided to vlog
today because I'm doing some fun things
and I'm sorry I didn't start the vlog
sooner but I just was doing things but
I'm starting it now it's an absolutely
beautiful day despite the traffic I can
see on my like maps that it's just red
lines everywhere it's gonna I don't know
but I'm gonna be a little bit late I'm
sure
I'm actually getting my hair blow-dried
which may seem like a diva thing but I
just I hate doing my hair and I haven't
had a blow-dried and so long and I
wanted it to last all weekend long
because I'm doing some stuff this week
and I just honestly cannot be bothered
with my hair and I have a meeting which
is like five minutes away from the
blow-dry place that I really like to go
to so that's what I'm doing right now
hopefully I'm not late but I will let
you know my view of Big Ben I never get
sick of seeing that okay it's cars
moving I'm unfortunately running about
ten minutes late I finally found a
parking spot and then I realized that I
only had enough coins to park for like
ten minutes
so that I had to go to a shop get the
change and then I realized that I
actually did a really shitty job parking
the car
so I'd do a parka cuz I was like out of
the lines
anyway I'm approaching the place now
hopefully they're not too annoyed with
me and I'm excited to get my hair done
okay we're in the final stages of the
blow-dry go for it of course we love
that texturising spray and we ever come
to air you'll see that they use all
these glorious Oribe products which I've
never actually used I've only use this
spray not this stuff this is the this is
the soft lacquer styling spray it smells
so good so there is finished low dry
which does not do it justice but it's
like things slicked back in the wind but
they just do your hair so naturally so
perfectly it doesn't look like you just
like had it done but I was telling the
girl in there who always does my hair
when I go in there
when she doesn't it usually lasts like
three days I'm currently discuss things
work um it probably last like three days
to have my hair like this so my god
today's a Friday so if I got it on that
Friday afternoon it's gonna last me till
Monday so I don't know sometimes you
gotta treat you soon there's my car but
I'm gonna keep on walking so now I'm
heading to South Kensington Club which
is apparently very ritzy place you have
to like be a member and stuff there I'm
not a member but the person that I'm
meeting is clearly a member so I'm
really excited to go inside and see what
all the fuss is about we're having a
delicious lunch I got some chicken with
quinoa and kale I think look at all this
other stuff it's very healthy vibes in
here
very good I am seriously sweating up in
here oh my god this music um yeah
sweating she probably just under the
window I don't know I walked over here
pretty quickly because I thought my um
parking was going to expire sorry off
for the up close here but I was trying
to we preach in okay go home so I'm
gonna go home for a little bit and then
I have another afternoon meeting which
is gonna be really fun cuz it's actually
with my friend Louisa who worked at
Selfridges um yeah it's just like a
Friday
feeling good Friday a couple of fun
meetings and that's about it so I'm
heading home now I'll see when I get
home just got back home now just enough
time to hang out with reg who doesn't
like to be on camera but I will do it
because everybody deserves just to see
him he's really good by the way I'm I
guess I forgot to update you about his
teeth but um you follow me on snapchat
you probably have realized that he's
totally fine he basically just had like
I don't know he basically he got the
teeth out we were all like worried about
it but he's actually acted way more
normal since getting the teeth out like
he is so much more bouncy I mean it does
not look like it right now but he is
like a lot more bouncing just happy it
seems although
not very happy right now because it's
really hot outside he like does not go
with that by the way I'm really loving
this hair and excuse my sunglasses mark
it always happens but they always do
such a nice job at the blow-dry place
anyway I'm off now to the next location
might get a drink of water first cuz I'm
a little dehydrated
I'm just parking my car here and I see
this woman with a raccoon on her
shoulder this is what you get when you
live in London it's pretty fascinating
stuff oh my gosh I've never seen
anything like this in my life
wolves leaves called the world's late am
I saying that right the movie a wolves
League here it is the wolf Lee
look at this
fancy even just to like touch it we're
inside the loli now and it is so
beautiful in here I don't know if we're
actually having afternoon tea or what
because I'm really interested in this
caramelized apple tart Annette tartlets
but then again I'm also very interested
in the fruit crumble banana split I've
never had one of those I don't think I'd
like it I don't love bananas but I love
the idea of it calming crazy
okay it's pronounced Nannette did gasp√©
is that right pronouncing my french
right that's a guess big so basically
I'm learning all about this math which
is apparently a dry mass I have never
heard about it or anything
and there it is so we're going to try it
on my hand I guess this is a specific
hand mass okay so you're getting alive
oh so you put it all okay then you
massage it
yeah you leave it for 15 minutes okay
and what does it do
my
there's a few ingredients
okay
weapons webmaster on average
Wow my mind has just been a little bit
blown right here just got back in the
car after a lovely little tea with
Nanette and Louisa Nanette was so nice
and I feel like you know we both have
the Canadian neskowin on here and
honestly the maths are fascinating this
is not sponsored this is just I'm
telling you they're actually really
effective and I can just see on my hand
as well it's like pretty interesting if
you're interested in beauty I would
highly suggest just like reading up
about the technology because it's
fascinating I still don't really
understand how it's gonna work so I'm
gonna have to read up on that myself but
um and it was really nice chatting with
her I'm gonna head home now
I know as one's at home waiting for me
it takes me about 10 hours just to
figure out how to use the navigation
thing okay
see when I get home so I just got home
and as one was supposed to be at home to
walk this little angel but I don't think
he is cuz he's not at home and I don't
think he's walked in so it's a bit
strange I tried calling him like 800
times okay yeah stalker weird but I
didn't answer so no idea what's
happening there and but Reggie has to go
outside so let's roll who dad looks like
somebody in a striped shirt got some new
sunglasses today yeah I did and I cannot
believe you went for a white tour toys
no this is very unusual looks I got a
black pen I thought you know you need a
pair like a bit lighter I was gonna go
for like a light brown or something but
this is like oh this is pretty much
creamy it's like very unexpected from
you I like it looks like cookies and
cream
good or that yeah I like it I like it on
you I think it looks really cool like
with your hair color and stuff um where
are these from in case people are
wondering and why do you like that brand
so much um that from a brand called
qubits this is not sponsored although
the way I set that up seemed so spawn
hashtag he just really looked like this
place yeah place called qubits they had
two shops in London one near Borough
Market one so there you have like a load
of different frame to do sunglasses and
optical really great customer service
yeah they have like a good range of
frames I think that website you feel
other friends that and you also like
that they have different sizes of
different sizes and like that frames are
really well made and they have like a
jet like a decent deal of customer
customization and feel like frames that
are handmade and relatively customizable
to what you want they're not like too
expensive so they look really nice if I
wanted these like in in a matte finish
with a let's say green like actual lens
I could get better moves take two weeks
ones make it that's cool I didn't know
that do they do girls do well I don't
need anymore sunglasses but you know I'm
always interested to know looking good
I've happily taken off all my makeup and
I don't know what's going on here guys
but I have had the zit in between my
eyebrows for like how long have I had
Tony tell me the truth I know you've
noticed it it's kind of about 10 weeks
not that you're keeping track or
anything exactly yeah 16 days and touch
that oh my god um other than that my
skin is good but anyway that's what I
were going to go out tonight on the town
but we kind of decided against it
because we've got um I'm busy weekend
ahead filming some videos for my channel
so we just thought you know what
let's stay in order in we've ordered in
some rather naughty food was that
we are dancin no you've ordered in
somewhat well it's like bad food but
good food you know so we're very excited
it's gonna be here in oh my god it's
gonna be here in like five minutes we're
starving so anyway that's pretty much
the only update I have for you now one
exciting thing I can tell you that I
just discovered is that I'm verified on
Instagram now which was a complete shock
because I don't think I was verified
this morning I mean I wasn't really
looking but I posted it to instagrams
today and I didn't notice it so if
you're not following me on Instagram you
should because I'm verified now as like
the real deal
it's me just a test a lalande so looking
forward to seeing you over there now
that I'm verified I don't know it's
pretty cool I don't know why it makes me
feel different but it feels like I am
who I say I am
dinner was tasty
gotta say did you enjoy yourself guys I
am like falling asleep right now it was
so good it slowly into the nicely pretty
sleepy mood as one's really tired today
is weird cuz like normally he's never
tired like he could literally literally
stay awake for like 72 hours that's a
lot of like 10 or 11 but something
tonight like Oh be be early well anyway
so with that I'm gonna wrap it up I
think we're gonna try to watch a movie
if aztl√°n keep his eyes open so we will
see you in the next vlog bye so we just
got a phone call from the vet and
basically there's good news and bad news
the good very good news is that there is
nothing wrong with his bones he does not
have cancer he doesn't have anything
super serious
