good morning everyone today is a bit of
a weird slash kind of sad day today and
as when I tried not to get worked up but
basically our baby Reggie he needs to go
to the vet for an x-ray today so
basically he's been having like these
issues with his neck and he's been
yelping and he just hasn't been feeling
himself and it's been quite a while and
he was on medication for a month but it
hasn't really been helping so today is
the day that we decided that okay let's
just get an x-ray that's what the vet
suggested and he has to be put to sleep
and he has to be just so horrible
because it really stresses him out um
but we are we have to head to a specific
Greyhound specialist bet it's about two
hours away and so if we have to leave
now on say two o'clock in the morning so
we have to kind of get going any words
on subject no just you know poor Reggie
doesn't take car journey as well anyway
it's good stress in them and then we're
gonna through the whole thing so today's
a big day for man yeah it's a big big
day so I'm just making a little thing of
tea to go in my little thing which i
think is kind of cute um yeah so we're
gonna head off now
so we've just arrived
Reggie managed to survive the car ride
but anyway look at all these beautiful
yellow flowers what what is this
I don't thinks it's mustard seed it
makes sense because it is very yellow
doesn't smell like mustard it smells
like flowers
obviously it probably wouldn't smell
like real mustard but look at how many
there are so beautiful Wow
this is a gigantic pile of manure Wow
look at all of these things it's crazy
we've managed to find a primo parking
spot as we are heading into juliet's so
while we wait for Reggie for babies
taken in and he's probably asleep right
now we decided to drive to temper'd well
which it was such 1 minute drive and now
we are in a cafe
it's just we're just admiring its a
clean way to tell and we just like we
love it it's like so different from
London you know it's like great fun in
case you guys don't know I grew up in
Tom Boudreau and you know the place
where you grew up when you come back to
it like it just States exactly the same
how you got a kind of hate it like on
this time I you love it you love it the
breakfast has arrived and on the menu it
said our wonderful eggs I don't think
they were screwing around they meant it
like look at these eggs they're perfect
so it's time to dig in the past two days
we've eaten like no I was just thinking
god we overdid it yesterday
now we're over doing it again today but
what happens I wouldn't have a practice
we did not have breakfast today vitamin
what we're getting is desert is
happening
I went got some pancakes
I got a accenture with some tea and
these really cute tea bugs we were just
discussing out there and I got a
billionaire shortbread
okay so now we're just wandering along
the beautiful quiet streets oh my gosh
look at this beautiful dog Wow beautiful
streets of Tunbridge Wells there's
actually a Space NK here so I just
popped in and luckily I found a one of
the I found one of the champagne pop by
Jacqueline Hill highlighters I was like
do you ever stop shopping I was like
loud even in Tourelles yeah okay it is
day I see you catchin on them yo cool oh
my gosh that guy was so nice he's like I
see you on the internet sometimes and I
was like I was just logging right now
he's like oh it's somebody I feel like
people don't know what it looks like see
someone vlog yeah it's just somebody
holding up okay this is somebody I only
have the camera
I have nothing to say right now we've
reached Hooper's all I know about
Hooper's is that Aslan's mom loves these
bath mats you can get at Hooper's and we
actually do need a new bath mat but
Aslan is refusing to go in do personal
you know a tumblr like the John Lewis
all-comers Wells but it's like so old
like so stale like as soon as you step
with the new hose oh I like Cooper I've
always liked Cooper's the one time I
went in there I'm now in the white
company because the search for the
perfect pillow continues so I don't know
I just all I know is I need a pillow
that doesn't Crane my neck and as I look
for my pillows try to spot Aslan
he's in the man chair you have no
interest in what pillows we have um what
was you ball me you have a very specific
flow tastes you know for me hello is
yeah
what is she doing okay so you got quite
arranger pillows here which one feels
right for you like I'm not sure
mm this one's cool because it has a
central firm part
oh the outside soft hmm do you want do
you want to try there no this is a
pillow for you yeah just be your your
head in your neck oh yeah what up this
one this one's out let's try that again
yeah make sure you travel three if you
don't to lay down properly no no okay mm
too flat perhaps yeah you need a bit
more support please - okay this is the
option function one what you kept
described this book very lucky like
speed run allowed
did you ever think that you'd be
purchasing colors today
but I've been on for one month
she's very nice as you know and she
knows she does have great knowledge and
pillars which is essential I think when
you're in a place like this
somebody's got the pillow in somebody's
very very happy to say soon Tunbridge
Wells white company location it was
amazing yes I think I was a little too
much share message Annette she's going
on contractor look at this area Alpena
before viajero look at this classic
Alpena Wales lovely call so Aslan's
taking me to his favorite jewelry shop
and he said he's gonna buy me anything I
want and I have said that I want this
ring it is only 30,000 pounds so let's
go and buy it right yeah that's a big n
oh but it's pretty amazing like looking
at all of this these rings and stuff
like some of them are like 75,000 pounds
that's crazy look at this stunning opal
ring 7,000 pounds oh my gosh this is a
big big-time jewelry he's to be the
jeweler to the Queen oh wow mr. Kaul
this was that's interesting last time we
were here this place was buzzed in but
this is known as the pan tiles and I
don't really know what that means I'm
going to turn it over to the genius may
see the term jewels used to be like a
spa town back in the olden days a role
too would come here to relax and enjoy
the natural springs I think this was the
area where the royalty and all the
gentry would come along and enjoy
oh wow just have a very relaxing effect
here I won't I won't deny it so we just
got a phone call from the vet and
basically there's good news and bad news
the good very good news is that there is
nothing wrong with his bones he does not
have cancer he doesn't have anything
super serious with his shoulder or I
think that he thinks it might be like a
trapped nerve or a muscle but it's
nothing to be too alarmed though so
he'll go back on antibiotics that being
said we have just found out that he's
getting half a dozen teeth removed now
my baby hardly has any teeth to begin
with but he was born with fewer teeth
than most so I'm just I just can't
believe he's getting his teeth he says
one or two a half a bloody dozen 16 yeah
he literally has about six teeth but the
vet said he's gonna be a lot happier now
um but Wow
was not expecting that with us we were
definitely not expecting that one poor
boy
so anyway now we have another hour and a
half to kill before we can go pick him
up the little boy and he can't have any
hard food so we have to go pick up some
soft canned food right now I guess
basically what happens we've been let
loose in Tunbridge Wells for six hours
it's like it's literally like it would
go back home we could be at home like
hopping out it come back yeah
finally we're just picking up some
supplies actually lots of junk food but
I just wanted to point out a lot of you
were asking a long time ago where I got
those like chocolate look where I got
those donut things I put in an Instagram
just a little word to the wise this
isn't actually mini donut its chocolate
with gross stuff in the middle don't get
it six pounds no so we found the soft
dog food and we're just like would he
like coronation chicken would she'd also
try this oh yeah oh yeah nature's menus
quite good he'd like that we've got two
uh-huh food shopping is done got the dog
food I saw these beautiful peonies on my
way out I had to get them for the first
penis I've seen this year and they're my
save flowers and they just look so
beautiful and they're so bright so I had
to get them hopefully they survived the
car journey I think so poor Reggie just
came out and he is so wobbly yeah as you
can see it's just very wobbly and just
doesn't really know what's happened to
him Oh red 18 in total Videha 20 T
through Z so basically we were prepared
for six teeth coming out and then we
just find out actually 20 teeth
including the cute ones at the front
poor baby
but the vet said he should be fine and
he'll be a lot happier now so Oh God who
knows Reggie is so high right now he's
like yo me and check out this freshly
cut lawn oh look over there there's a
dog going into the lake to try to catch
the geese woman Reggie's like I wanted
some geese Oh baby good boy you are a
survivor you're a survivor
all right guys we are home Reggie's been
somewhat relaxing he just keeps like
sitting up and like falling asleep like
this would be like okay he doesn't
really want to lay down um but as I'm
gonna just take him outside for a quick
walk to see if he has to go to the loo
and then that's pretty much it I think
we're just gonna let him stay calm he
seems absolutely fine not stressed or
anything so yeah that is it thank you
for tuning in thank you for all the love
everyone's given us on Twitter for all
the support
I can't wait you you with my teachers
all the time why I don't worry I guess I
am wearing your trousers right now you
know I'm just like really shocked to see
my teacher this is actually like my
favorite pajama t-shirt I got the skills
to pay the bills the plus it's ripped up
here you can tell this is well used I
got this teacher thrift store about nine
years ago
tenure cut means help for 10 years yeah
that's not too bad
all right guys see you later hi I've
just been chillin I just watched a movie
still Alice which was very emotional
me and while I watched that I actually
painted my nails with this this is the
deborah lippmann gel lab pro nail polish
in the shade splish-splash
