I thought I would start today's vlog off
by doing my makeup because I just got
out of the shower and I feel so let's
get going
first thing I'm going to use is this
Lancome cushion foundation I am obsessed
with this stuff I don't even really
understand it but I love it so I just
take my brush and I just lightly dip it
and it's all over the brush like that
it's hard to vlog and show you that it's
at the same time but it's literally the
same as any other foundation so let me
just apply this I'll be back ok I know
it's like awful lighting in here but you
can see how natural this foundation
looks it's just like it looks like I'm
not even wearing any foundation but it
just evens everything out and it's kind
of like brightening as well I have the
shade pure porcelain in case anybody
cares
besides all this stuff next is concealer
I'm going to use a little bit of the by
Terry don't Solis concealer under my
eyes
I love blending out concealer don't know
why I just find it very calming actually
I have this new brush I should be trying
out this is like a Bobbi Brown called
the full coverage touch-up I think this
is for concealer and then I feel like
brushes kind of mess everything up
sometimes I just like to blend it with
my hand but know that looks pretty looks
nice like that's working a bit better on
this side for whatever reason I'm just
gonna add a little bit of the Too Faced
chocolate milk chocolate Soleil bronzer
by the way the makeup I'm doing today is
like the makeup I do when I'm not going
anywhere
and I just still want to have like a
little bit of makeup on it's just like
super easy and super fast I'm also going
to take a little bit of the hourglass
ambient lighting powder I have this
little palette here
as Long's making a smoothie downstairs I
know I'm just gonna add a little bit on
my nose and under my eyes and on my
forehead
I am I chained to I love this powder
because it takes down the shine but it
leaves the glow you know it's really
good
brow gel this is from blink I put this
in my spring Beauty pics video I think I
desperately need to get my brows done
but okay last but certainly not least is
mascara this is the Marc Jacobs one I
love it so much I'll have all these
things linked in the description but
like I'm hardly even applying it I'm
like half asleep and it still looks
amazing like this mascara is it is so
good good morning rich Oh what have you
been doing you went for a walk this
morning oh why do we have such a slow
start to the day today no no because it
is a bank holiday Monday so yes it is
so today is a bank holiday in England
why is that
hi he's made it it's made a BYOs it's
made a what is made a um like they dance
around that pole yeah here see like kids
dots on a pole and like rapper ribbon
around the pole it's actually a phallic
symbol it's really weird
okay if anybody knows what May Day is
let us know but I'm not like when you're
a kid at school like you didn't dance
around like this pole no is this it is
specifically an English thing no he's
all of you but even like I've never the
Russian they do I've never seen that
like this there's this situation no I
don't know anything oh you know you guys
didn't do that I've never seen it before
in my life so I heard that this is
actually meant to be like a phallic
symbol and it's like celebrating like
and spring coming around again it's
summertime you know oh wow
what did you hear I think you heard that
your bum is just taking over the bed oh
yes
Reggie hates the camera so much and he
knows whenever I'm like taking his
picture of vlogging he just he hates it
don't know why don't--why rich anyway I
thought I would vlog today because I
haven't vlogged in a long time and I
asked you on snapchat if you wanted to
see a vlog and everybody said yes so
that was nice thank you
the only thing is I'm not doing anything
today literally doing nothing like it is
a bank holiday and it's very gloomy
weather outside so I will try to
entertain you but I am NOT promising
anything as I made a smoothie this
morning judging from the looks of the
counter he used a lot of ingredients wow
that's a lot of stuff going into a
smoothie time for tea of course I've
been really into this loose leaf
Yorkshire team it's the same as they'd
put in a teabag when it's loose and I
feel like it's stronger so I just put a
little bit in one of my um I don't even
know what this is called like a tea
strainer thing
like that and then wait for the ding the
ding everyone loves oh yeah ok then you
simply pour the boiling water inside I
like that
pop the lid down there's like nothing
more glorious than the way this looks
it's just steeping it and making it
taste amazing okay now for the cool part
you just place this on the mug and it
drains is that not the coolest thing I
mean every time I do it I think it's
cool oh
Kimmy okay so this happened and I would
just like to point out the reason is
because I got a new mug this new mug
clearly cannot take as much liquid as my
other mugs
it's deceptively small because I thought
it was big but now we have this
situation on our hands okay let's just
pretend that didn't happen then I'm
gonna add a single brown sugar cube
that's my favorite and I'm gonna stir it
up add some milk and that's it I've just
been chillin I just watched a movie
still Alice which was very emotional
we're and while I watched that I
actually painted my nails with this this
is the deborah lippmann gel lab pro nail
polish in the shade
splish-splash I've really been trying to
grow my nails but I don't know they just
keep breaking this is probably the
longest my nails I've ever been
naturally and I did my toes as well but
let's not zoom in on my feet too much
okay
we went to Philly you know now started
watching a documentary called team
Foxcatcher I thoroughly enjoyed the
movie Foxcatcher now I'm on to the
documentary which I have to say I might
be like even better as once at the gym I
have nothing to do today I am just very
lazy today I'm thinking of making some
banana bread that's right
ma√±ana bread no banana bread Reggie's
always chilling oh this is actually the
perfect time to tell you that yesterday
we gave Reggie a bath and I've loved
some of it so if you want to see Reggie
getting a bath look no further because
coming up now this is a clip from
yesterday now
oh my gosh I love it yeah he's cooking
what good boy surprise surprise I'm
actually not on the couch right now
that's all and I decided to be normal
people and go out for some lunch so I
got some regular clothes on here is the
main course for listening to that new
Drake got views on 24/7 I have to say
I'm obsessed I put not so much
he thinks it's not Drake's that's work
I'm five into it so anyway I will love
report back when we don't actually know
where we're going but we're going to go
somewhere we're gonna get some food
we're gonna chill gonna have a nice
afternoon and get in high which is we've
come to Andrew Edmonds in Soho so I'm
just looking at the menu to see if it's
going to be appealing to us so here we
are inside and Redlands lovely little
restaurant and Soho is very
superficially cut off and really nice
thing about this places I have like
these handwritten menus so they have a
new menu every day every single on time
written that's kind of cheap and it's
kind of plastic sort of French content
for food yeah the starters are here so
as they went for a very healthy little
gem salad it's not healthy for helping
and I went like less healthy ham and
eggs
essentially
got the mains some vegetarians vegans
look away yeah I stays very whole
chicken no joke there's a whole chicken
good man I have myself skirt steak with
some in Brooklyn okay we really picked
up today I haven't like this has really
major major villain treacle tart
chocolate hot compression so we finally
escaped the small restaurants alive
after eating all that food I feel like I
have fun on the street I am so full
right now me anyway hasslin wanted to go
to it's a it was a represent Palma with
his net he's in the know people about
the street where oh yeah it's okay it's
okay UK round and they do fairly
affordable street wear stuff and they
have like a forest or like an actual
physical stores any online really but
it's in Chelsea I think is only are up
for another like a week or so so it's
been challenging up sorry not jealous I
mean so weird so right now um yeah I
don't I can like hardly think cuz I just
stuffed myself silly but yeah as I just
wanted to go there and I don't know if
you're just gonna go home yeah I'm gonna
really be able to do yeah just popped
out for a little bit a little bit of
that also let's have a little
appreciation
oh I was got killed by bicycles a little
patient appreciation for these shoes
you're going in here now as when it's
coming into a polloi his favorite store
anyway shout out to these shoes
Azlan has just having a car fever right
now he's in two cars like you wouldn't
believe he's checking out that rear that
a stone anyway just hi man
I bought these shoes months ago I
actually bought them in Stockholm at
this store that was having 30 percent
off storewide because they were closing
down and I saw these shoes and I was
like I don't know I always really liked
them I liked the heel versions but I
hardly wear heels and I won't bore you
with that but I tried them on and it was
my size was the last size lessons I have
gigantic feet and nobody bought them and
so I bought them and then I hadn't
warned them since because it was number
one freezing number two I was so scared
that I would get blisters because
whenever I wear flats I get blisters and
then fun story I know and then I saw
Ingrid snapchatting her like shoe
wardrobe when she went to Paris and she
had these in her um shoe wardrobe but I
was like god I gotta bust these out so
it's actually my first outing with them
not a single blister
oh wow yeah that's how you can tell
they're not that is nice and supple yeah
it's really I'm impressed
everyone where we live there's this cat
who is literally the world's biggest
asshole like he's always hanging out
right here I'm you healthy and you will
not move like like a Reggie you will be
walking for us this like spa and the cat
will like come out onto the pavement
just to go to him he's a brave on can
the camera is red no there's going
normal again oh there we go it's fixed
it's fixed what did you just do
opened up the shut up hit me anyway so
we're back home we are indeed back and
boring old whom you know boring or
little Reggie as well just took Reggie
over a walk in the rain which was nice
and now I think we're both in oh you
know what'd be nice a cup of tea okay a
cup of tea and then one two in
motherfreakin peeps yeah we just started
watching that
and like we just couldn't believe it
when we saw the first episode it was
like so fresh it was amazing yeah like
basically we've heard of Twin Peaks
before um and then one night the other
night we were just like oh there's
nothing to watch and we came across Twin
Peaks on our TV and we're like oh why
not but it didn't hit us how good it
actually was okay can you did the theme
song I got wrong
no don't stop doing you know me I
refused to do dinner until you do the
trim don't kale stop I'll stop
I started okay actually I'm assuming out
now my fingers off the trigger okay all
right um yeah basically big fans well
can you explain to the people what Twin
Peaks is if it's like a murder mystery I
think the whole concept of it is take
your like normal trashy like daytime TV
murder mystery but then add like a
really like kind of art house like spin
on it like you know and David Lynch is
famous for making like really weird kind
of movies so he kind of he made this TV
show and he basically he's kind of
taking the pace out of that like you
know daytime murder mystery yeah
although for me I feel like it's not
like making fun of those shows I feel
like it's like fully embracing those
shows I don't think it's like making fun
of oh I mean like by xx of racing it and
making it so ridiculous it's it's a bit
over the top sometimes with the acting
and stuff but like there's this one
scene where someone finds out that
someone gets murdered I don't want to
ruin anything anyway just like the
feeling that the person got when they
found out that this person close to them
was murdered
I've never felt like that in tune with
that before like the carrot like it was
just it was very over-the-top and I was
just like I really felt it I thought the
acting is like really cool and it's very
like so I wouldn't say it's edgy it's
just like very um
strange strange right in a long way it's
very very very cool show I feel like
it's the kind of show that you should
watch once and then watch it again yeah
although I don't know
do that but okay what now what I'm doing
right now as one is all perched up I'm
handing you over the tea is very hot you
gotta be careful okay I'm just editing
this vlog that you're watching right now
but anyway I'm just gonna say you just
scratched your butt on the camera
I didn't scratch my butt I scratched
this right here okay come on hey Claude
if that's a good scratch whatever you
want anyway it's time for us to chill
what do you scratch it now so I'm just
scratch okay now make me juice guys okay
so let's call it a day um and we will
see you very soon maybe even sooner than
you think
so this is the end of the book by Liv
this is literally gonna be it within 5
hours so sadly boring this is our life
yeah bye
