hey everyone long time no see on this
channel I've had a throat infection for
the past like I don't know like forever
so I haven't been able to speak and I've
been chilling in this sweater every
single day as everybody will know on my
snapchat anyway I did a little pull on
Twitter to see if you guys would want to
see like a blogger unboxing hull type of
video and 80% of you said yes
20% of you said no so I guess you won't
be watching this but 80% of you said yes
so I'm gonna do it today I've been a
blogger for a very long time so I get
sent quite a few products to review that
being said I thought this would be a
really like quick way for me to show you
like all the cool stuff and what's hot
so let's get started I want to get
started with the I'm gonna flip the
camera in and just hold up the camera so
you'll probably just say goodbye to this
thanks for a few minutes and now it's on
to the products I'm gonna start with the
most exciting things ever
the team at glossier at glossier
sent me some products and like just
everything about it is cute look at this
cute bubble wrap
pink ziplock bags says skin first makeup
second smile always inside is a little
selection of some things I have been so
tempted to use this stuff but I just
wanted to keep everything together for
this video of course we have bomb calm
this is the skin salve so I think you
can use the excess you use on lips
cuticles elbows stuff like that so
that's just like a handy all-rounder
they also sent me two of their face
masks this is the moisturizing moon mask
soothing face treatment I love the
packaging the texture is kind of weird
like it is like a cream but it's kind of
well let's just let's just see here
let's see I'm rubbing it I know it just
feels like a regular cream mask it's not
weird at all and it smells just like a
normal nice cream nice cream not ice
cream next up is the mega greens galaxy
pack this is a detoxifying face mask so
this is to like really clear your pores
out this
smells more like avocado II I'm just
really nice mmm okay these seem very
promising so I will keep you posted I'm
definitely gonna have a post up about
these soon onto the last product this is
the glossy a lipstick in the shade
so that is the color swatched on my hand
it's just like a sort of like a peachy
muted brownie terracotta shade I have to
say I was slightly disappointed that
this packaging is quite like well it's
not quite plasticky it is literally
plastic but it just feels a bit flimsy
if that makes sense
but maybe that's kind of like the bye
they're going for but anyway the product
itself looks beautiful here are a few
new things from first aid beauty I love
first aid beauty so much and I'm not
sure if I've tried I've definitely tried
this but they sent me a few other things
this is their bouncy mask it says it's
supposed to nourish calm firm plump and
refine this is their eye cream which I
really like this is a five and one face
cream cool and then this is their serum
so those are all really nice I'm going
to looking forward to using this bouncy
mask
I do want a bouncy skin I've just opened
this up to show you guys the texture of
this it is kind of like a jelly but a
little bit more liquidy and it smells
like watermelon candies oh my gosh that
looks so nice and also excuse that my
one nail is not painted everyone else's
except this little guy because I
scratched it off this works sent over a
few things from their newest collection
this is their makeover range it seems
and now it must be their energy range
energy bank Body Makeover this is an oil
for your body this is one for your hands
and then this is a tinted balm so those
look really nice I love this works I
love their obviously like their sleeping
spray that you can put on your pillow
and let me open these up so I can show
you so here it is out of the packaging
this has a nice little pump great for
oils and then this hand stuff is
supposed to kind of like help
imperfections and
will it make that big bulging remain
going yeah and then this is the tinted
lip stuff and since my lips are really
chapped I thought I would just demo this
this is their tip oh my god this is
their tinted lip balm feels like a
holiday on my lips I actually think it
makes it look quite plump there's a
close-up on my lips very very chapped
yeah I like this I actually really like
this this is the new Joe Malone cologne
it is in the fragrance naxi blossom and
it smells gorgeous
I actually spritz this on myself when I
first opened it by the way this came in
like such a gorgeous box I wasn't sure
if I was gonna do this video so I
actually already got rid of like all the
outside packaging but if I ever do
another one I'll leave everything like
nice and intact for you guys to see but
I'm gonna spray this and tell you what I
think it smells like oh my gosh it's so
fresh and just uplifting and it smells
quite floral but not like overpowering
at all it's just like a really Pleasant
spring scent I I love it I actually
adore that sandal aw it's one of my
favorite like newer dome alone
fragrances that isn't part of like their
normal range unless this is part of
their normal range I don't know I'm
gonna have all the details in the
description box a Lancome sent over
their new range which is a really
exciting range for them this is the
energy into V collection and I was like
what is this on my desk but it's just
like part of the table I went to Paris a
few oh my gosh must have been a few
months ago with Lancome and they were
showing everybody these products but
they were embargoed which means you
can't talk about them until a certain
date that date has now come and I've
been using this since then not this
actual bottle they sent me another one
but this is the energy to be smoothing
and Glo boosting liquid care it's kind
of like a serum it is oh my gosh it is
so good and you guys know I love leg
skincare and this stuff is insane and
this here is a soothing you know a
smoothing and plumping Pearlie lotion so
when I saw this in Paris I was like I
don't know what that is but I I like it
I just like the way it looks basically
this stuff is like it is a plumper in a
bottle it's like it gives your skin a
rejuvenating boost glow it like really
just like helps lift your skin sometimes
link if you're tired your skin gets a
little bit dry and tight it's just it
doesn't look plump you know so a little
dash of this it's just like just what
the doctor ordered when we were in Paris
one of the women who helped formulate
this product actually said put some of
this on one hand rub it in and see the
difference between your hands and it
actually had a massive difference like
it just made the skin look fuller
smells nice oh my gosh it's just a
beautiful product for someone who has
maybe like dry and dehydrated skin or
just someone who just needs a little
extra pick-me-up in their skin so nice
and last but not least in the range is
the overnight sleeping mask I never
really like to sleep in masks but you
know I like to put them on for like half
an hour 45 minutes sometimes just
because I don't know I find
uncomfortable but if you like to sleep
in masks maybe check that one out
hourglass have these two new they're
sort of like primaries while they are
primers this is called the light
correcting primer and from what I
understand it comes in a few different
shades this is dim light and mood light
so if you're a fan of their ambient
lighting powders this is sort of like
supposed to be the cream you know primer
version of that I haven't tried this yet
so I can't quite say I put it on the
back of my hand it seemed nice
but I can't say really until I actually
try this on with makeup so stay tuned it
looks like we have a new Real Techniques
brush kit this is their sculpting set I
know that this brush exists I'm not sure
if these ones existed before but I'm
assuming these are like contouring and
highlighting brushes I love Real
Techniques and look at that Sam and Nick
the two girls right there
Sam and Nick are some of the nicest
people I've literally ever met in my
life so yeah and I love their brushes as
well duh who doesn't when I opened this
up from Clinique I was like whoa
throwback color I feel like this shade
of purple is such a retro shade that's
not even really used that much like
obviously it's lilac or lilac or however
the hell you want to say it but I feel
like it's just like a really cool sort
of like a tease yet modern color anyway
enough about the color this is the take
the day off
my solar cleansing towelettes for eyes
and face obviously they're just face
wipes for the face seems like they'd be
really good for traveling they have this
like resealable thing here which is cool
excuse the chaos but Lucy says that
she's tried these before and she likes
them nice so you heard it from the real
pro I'm gonna talk about some Illamasqua
products and I just want to say I was
thinking about Illamasqua and I
remembered that I went to one of their
events honestly once many years ago now
I don't even remember the worst memory
but it was so cool because they did like
winged eyeliner but in dots and it was
one of the coolest makeup things I've
ever had done so whenever I see
Illamasqua I always think of like that
nice dotted rank line or I hope I could
find a picture of it it's like major
throwback so here are a few things that
illamasqua kindly sent over they sent
over two nail polishes and they are the
most gorgeous gorgeous colors let's let
me open these bear with me we have a
gorgeous light peach shade and then a
gorgeous light pink shade
they are honestly so milky and so nice
this is an eyeshadow palette in the
shade vital and I thought these colors
were really really unique they're matte
but they're kind of light let me see if
I can and I'm not pressing hardly at all
so they're quite sheer but they seem
really buildable and I just think they
would go really really nicely together I
mean this peachy color is kind of weird
but I like it
to figure out how to wear it you know
they like that could look really nice in
the spring and summer and you know maybe
that's just like a transitional color
anyway this is their new highlighter
which is called the beyond powder Poudre
illuminate it's in the shade oMG oh my
there you have it folks look at that
would you look at that it's beautiful I
don't know I just want to keep touching
it and then they sent me a mascara this
one seems really like big and large and
in charge which I really I really like
that in a wand come on this is their
brow build and I think this is Ana
blonde shade it's in a light shade at
least it's called rise as the color and
as you can see I haven't tried it yet
but now that I am a blonde I'm looking
for a lighter brown L so I will report
back on that speaking of going blonde I
would set these purple shampoo
conditioner and this is a pre toning
primer the girls found out that I went
blonde and they were like oh we love
your blonde hair here's some new
products which I was like seriously in
need of because I didn't have a purple
shampoo at the time so this is just a
brightening shampoo it's dark dark dark
purple I've been using it I think it's
really good it helps just like keep
everything nice and blonde and not
brassy and what I like about this is it
actually comes with a conditioner too so
I've been using these for the last I'd
say three hair washes and I really like
it I have not tried this yet it says
prepares hair before brightening shrimp
before using brightening shampoo okay so
and I better start using that as well so
yeah that's this stuff is really really
good I would highly recommend that if
you're blonde deborah lippmann will you
ever stop making gorgeous nail polishes
please don't this is such a gorgeous
shade I'm really into these like soft
baby pink sigh really want to get my
nails well these are gel nails but I
want to get this painted as soon as
these nails come off as you can see I'm
like really into pink anyway this is
called beauty school drop out if you're
interested
very very cute soap & Glory have done it
again
they have sent me these jelly body
washes
shower jellies I guess they're cold and
I love you know the original clean on me
scent so that is exciting I have to say
I hate the sweet lime scent I absolutely
hate it I know people love it I think
it's gross but I love love this scent
but yeah whatever floats your boat I'm
excited to try this new jelly
formulation Vichy sent over the
dermablend powder I love loose powders
like this like the white ones well
they're transparent but you know they
look like white powder in the packaging
so I love that this is what it looks
like in the box and then they also sent
over at the dermablend
foundation this is like a super high
coverage foundation I know Alessandra
Steiner uses this like sometimes under
her eyes if she's like really tired and
whatever so yeah I've heard amazing
things about this I usually don't wear
full coverage foundations but you know
sometimes if you have a spot or you know
there's just like a patch that you want
to cover up more than the rest of your
face even this apparently is amazing
last two things this Marc Jacobs Beauty
lipstick this is in the shade Charlotte
let me just watch this there's a swatch
of it it is like a bright rose pink like
just opaque bright and pink it is
absolutely gorgeous and I love Marc
Jacobs lipsticks and I love their
packaging too I think it's so
sophisticated and nice and then the last
thing is this Dior creme de Rose lip
balm unfortunately I ripped the package
this is one of my all-time favorite lip
balms and I think it was discontinued
but it's back for a limited time on line
I'll leave a link and it's also I think
available in Harrods so if you like rose
and you like lip balms you will love
this so that was it for today's like
blogger unboxing mail whatever you want
to call it I hope you liked seeing you
know a bunch of products pretty quickly
I think that is all for me today give
this video a thumbs up and leave me a
comment did you like this do you want to
see these more regularly it's really fun
for me to do them and just like really
talk about beauty so let me know and I
will see you in my next video bye
