good morning everyone today is a Tuesday
and I decided why not take you around
with me I thought my sweater was on
inside-out but in fact she just really
wrinkly
we've got Reggie over here who
unfortunately is going to the vet in an
hour and a half because he's having like
issues shaking his head and it's I don't
think it's an ear infection because his
ears seem fine but I think it might be
something to do with his neck I don't
know but he's probably fine but um we're
just gonna take him anyway while Assam
is gonna take him but now I'm heading
off to the breakfast club for a
breakfast meeting and I'm getting
pancakes yay made it to the breakfast
club and I always get a real kick out of
this Reggie the veggies
every time I think of Reggie I've
decided to go for the all-american which
is pancakes eggs sausage potatoes bacon
and maple syrup Oh cannot wait and I
also got to drink
I got a pitcher of iced tea hopefully we
can all share it when everybody arrives
the food has arrived and I did not
restrain myself at all fried eggs
pancakes oh my god and Lucy got the same
thing and hazel you've never met she's
right here and she's got like the
healthiest thing ever chose but to be
fair she's not feeling the best today
well she's feeling okay but her voice is
very recipe do you want to introduce who
you are
and I love your jacket that's so cool
bridgie what the hell's going on so
explain what is going on with this
little angels
so with Internet's I'm just doing what
do you mean the guy sold it now that's
like who sold it the guy who set up the
vet practice moved to Australia and he
sold it to now this big like
conglomerate oh no yeah
so in other words we got to find a new
vet yeah yeah well we got that other guy
that Irish guy oh don't say that
yeah you don't mean that oh the bad dude
he's native surnames Irish what is Irish
Irish people back to the island Oh
anyway yeah
Reggie's got their faces right and I
can't believe it because we both looked
in his ears and it seemed fine and we
thought it was a neck injury honestly I
probably never would have taken him to
the vet because I thought he was totally
fine so thank God for you because you
knew something was wrong with this baby
silly khan shaykhun she hasn't managed
to shake his head the last like six or
seven Thanks okay so now we've got these
ear drops hello
so you have to administer them twice a
day twice a day very simple you just pop
it into the wine Oh Reggie how many
times once or twice I'll just squeeze it
twice and then you have to massage it in
how much stuff came up let me check it
sounded like a lot you okay oh oh oh is
that did you see guys having a dog
having it did this come out of your ear
having a dog is not all sunshine
sometimes they get sick poor boy do you
want to cheat for being such a good boy
sheep rode him again where the
thermometers take his temperature probed
him anally yeah I mean shorty doesn't
want humane way of doing that like you
know doesn't seem right we get violated
like that every time you know did he cry
uh-huh no he's just like there's nobody
just like so Neal's Yard sent me a bunch
of bear aromatherapy oils as well as
this Lumi body clock so we're just gonna
set it up here's their card but they
send me dearest a with world sleep Day
coming up you wanted to make sure you
have everything you need it and they
also sent me this amethyst crystal which
you put on your bedside table and
apparently it's supposed to help with
sleep so I am really looking forward to
trying this because I have had the worst
sleep the past few days so anyway we're
just trying to set this thing up I used
to have a wake-up clock but Iceland made
us get rid of it because it made really
annoying sounds like seagulls and stuff
and he was like not feeling the vibes
but listen I don't care I want to try
this and apparently this is like a
scented one as well you put like oils in
it so I will keep you posted once I
actually manage to get this thing
together so in case you guys are
wondering what exactly I do all day well
it's different every day but right now I
am
answering a little questionnaire from
Ibrahim my book bloom link in the
description box to pre-order anyway it's
like random little things like write a
brief autobiography have you made any
unusual career moves in the past that
are remarkable things like this so I
have about an hour before I have to
actually go to a meeting but I'm gonna
fill this out quickly as well as quickly
as I can I hope I can finish it I'm also
supposed to be filming while recording a
voiceover for this video I'm putting up
but we shall see if I'm able to get all
this done probably not but here we go
I just managed to film the voiceover for
this video which is featuring my
favorite boy Reggie so stay tuned for
that it's gonna be on my youtube channel
very soon okay I'm off to my next
meeting it's about three o'clock and I'm
heading to Avery to discuss the book the
book I finally managed to find parking
so just gonna walk over there
okay we have made it to penguin Random
House let's go inside and see if
everybody's already there I'm usually
late for these things
yeah I'm late I was really not going on
a break
I was really not expecting to be on a
bridge today but here I am crossing at
Vauxhall Bridge essentially I had the
meeting at penguin which no one wanted
to be on camera and there is nothing
really to show you and then we had to
walk up across the bridge to go to the
second meeting I'm walking back across
the bridge to find my car
so yeah I cannot even begin to tell you
how annoying it is for me when my socks
fall down constantly inside my trainers
I just walked so far with the heavy bags
these this taupe egg has two really
thick heavy books in it and then these
things here are just things that have
been sent to storm so I don't even know
what that is okay let's go home
come on keys oh yes okay the time is now
time to go home but it's like 5:30 which
is really nice because it's still light
outside I don't know why I'm vlogging
because I have literally nothing to say
oh yeah so I wanted to vlog in the book
meeting because you know I want to like
tell you guys about the process and
everything but there was really nothing
going on so basically though well
there's always something going on but
what's going on now is we are looking at
the cover options and I'm not allowed to
show you all of the options apparently
so yeah can't show you the options but I
can tell you that it's not quite there
for me yet everybody else seems to like
it and I'm like I feel like there's like
a little something off but you know
hopefully I can announce the cover very
very soon it doesn't seem like it would
be that hard to design a cover and I'm
not the one designing it I'm just the
one he's like I think we need a little
more of this there and I don't really
like that font so I really want the
cover to be right and reflect what's on
the inside of the book
so yeah it's this very like weird thing
but um it's getting there it's like 90%
there and yeah that I had another
meeting talking about this thing I'm
gonna be filming in the next two weeks
which is cool it which i'll tell you
about later
yeah so unfortunately yet again another
bunch of meetings that I was like I mean
a lot of meetings today I couldn't
really tell you what it is so now I'm
going to Google Maps and find my way
home so I thought I'd show you a few
things that came through the mail it's
not a P o box because I don't advertise
to people but they can send stuff to
store them because I don't know I don't
know I don't know how I feel about that
but I doing some people sometimes just
send me suss stuff to storm so I thought
I'd show you a few things that were sent
so the first thing is by oh dear it's a
website I've had some other stuff before
oh my gosh chocolate there's this card
our love is cosmic that's cool happy
Valentine's dear dear happy Valentine's
Day from the oh dear team see I don't
like really collect my stuff that often
because I never really think anything's
gonna be there that is so cute look at
these cute cards oh I'm really excited
to eat this chocolate tonight now oh
well thank you guys so much and this is
a new straightener bye cloud nine which
is congratulations on my book so they
sent this over to say congratulations
was just so nice of them which is
actually quite handy because my last
straightener was broken so I don't have
a straightener so that's actually
perfect and it looks like this is a
special edition that goes to Great
Ormond Street Hospital Wow and these are
a few little bits and pieces from a
store called Beauty Mart which is here
in London they have like loads of brands
that are super cool certain niche brands
let's see this is Amelia what does she
want
hello what anyway I haven't heard of any
of these brands before so I'm excited to
try them I don't know what this is but
it looks cool I think it's like a type
of Vaseline for your lips this is a cool
lipstick anyway I'll keep you posted on
that on the beauty channel if I like any
of it
the screen is yellow and I don't know
what to do do a de de dum diddy Doo
autofocus what are the car or white
balances sometimes holy crap you
were totally you're right now probably a
little blue okay it's actually good
that's great that's good yeah as I'm
just made the weirdest and the salty
it's obvious and yet delicious
concoction for dinner that's all I
thought it's just is very salty I don't
know where was I don't know what
happened there I'm sorry
sometimes other things you do that it
happens so what struck a chord with you
when it came to shredded chicken and
Parmesan cheese and pepper on a PITA
anyway I wasn't made this good stuff
it's good and with dinner we are
watching our favorite YouTube couple
Ethan and Gila it's on go he's Allah
Allah and Issa no papa bless these two
yeah Papa bless these two they're
amazing they're our favorite youtubers I
mean I am obsessed with them like
obsessed and and Gila talks to me on
Twitter what what yeah
Elia and I talk on Twitter and all the
time no no just the one time oh we've
got a couple dams a couple dams back and
forth are you serious like after the
time that you guys did to me don't make
me seem uncool to her
we may seem pretty cool yeah yeah and he
was always wearing great outfit yeah
you're always commenting on like how
cool she is and like she was like cool
 sometimes anyway anyway that's
enough a series three crazy
subscribe to them seriously but we're
gonna carry on with our dinner now the
world is not ready for my Ovaltine
addiction the world does not know what
to do with it so now that I'm addicted
to Ovaltine tell the viewers how much I
love Ovaltine you love double team as
much as you love show them how much I
have drank of this she's empty she's at
100% completely no I got about three
weeks ago I'd say well I'm so gonna do
that weeks ago this is the first time I
had I've no restraint that's all you
need to do screw the chocolate next time
yeah next time I'm going original depo
yeah anyway gang I'm going to thoroughly
thoroughly enjoy my cup of Ovaltine and
we're gonna watch The Walking Dead do we
have one or two episodes to catch up on
what what episode I'm gonna do my best
Rick impression Carl Carl Carl Carl Carl
anyway tomorrow Aslan and I are actually
off on a holiday together it's just in
England just outside London we're going
to a little nice spa hotel break for a
couple of days which is there
very exciting so I'm gonna be posting
with that on Instagram by the time you
guys see this blog will have already
been there and come back but I'm sure
it's gonna be right so thanks for
watching Ottawa bye I'm just hanging out
Daniels here all right guys listen
Daniel was gonna do my makeup this
morning but I was too tired she did a
pretty good job
well did you watch the thing yes I did
you're amazing really really good really
really interesting great tips great
expertise advice
