good morning everyone I would have
started this vlog way earlier but I have
I I him I was so late my alarm went off
at 7:00 and I pressed the snooze button
till 8:00 and then let's leave like 8:40
so had 40 minutes to get ready on a
Sunday morning anyway we are off to
glamour beauty festival here with
loosely used beside me and I'm very very
excited I put a little thing on snapchat
it's like should I wear high heels or
should I just wear like my usual trainer
situation and everyone tweeted me like
where do the heels so I'm wearing the
heels thank you for your support
although they're already killing my feet
yeah I'm really really excited to go I
think it's gonna be really fun panel and
I'm excited to see like what the actual
Awards is like because I think this is
their first one so so we've just made it
and I was just saying how much I love
this area it's such a beautiful day
here's the Saatchi Gallery this is
technically Duke of York Square I think
I'm so bad with names and places anyway
I guess we're gonna just go in here
looks like there's already people I'm
gonna try to get an outfit picture by
that sign
Oh London's so beautiful I'm sorry my
mom's always like show more scenery so
this is London today I'm just walking in
to get my tickets and I see none other
than Olivia purpose on the cover of
Glamour you go girl thing I just got to
the greenroom and I'm so impressed by
this tea selection literally every kind
of tea I have to say Twinings like
rebranded and it's about it's like super
cool of tea packaging nutty chocolate no
too early for that
we actually just finished and I owe my
chin make up a my lipstick on my teeth
great knows that we won't really really
fun was really interesting
so here's Becky who have just met two
seconds ago and I just love her outfit
and I want to showcase it love these
gazelles just beyond where is this from
and it's amazing super chic okay now I'm
gonna do a gift thing so I'm gonna just
okay I'm just hanging out Daniels here
all right guys listen Daniel was gonna
do my makeup this morning but I was too
tired she did a pretty good job
well did you watch the thing yes I did
you're amazing really really good really
really interesting great tips great
expertise advice an aspiring it's they
they know what to do so I just wanted to
see like the rest of Glamour Festival
and it looks like there's like all these
people getting their makeup done
super cool Illamasqua laura mercier oh
my god you can get these personalized
juicy shakers which you guys don't
remember from one of my last vlogs
oh my gosh this is super cool okay I
have to like pick a color and get it
personalized immediately okay
from Germany but she studied here and
she says that she's been watching my
videos forever
is that true video rickston life is like
back back it's amazing I mean sounds
like similar makeup as well which I feel
like is great let me do like be related
yeah we could
just got home and took my makeup off oh
my god it felt good to get that makeup
off as one says he's going off to Argos
I am indeed you have you get a good
Sunday morning was pretty good actually
went for a little run I was gonna game
this afternoon he's set aside all
afternoon gonna game the division is
pretty good I've been looking forward to
it for such a long time
what game are you playing today you've
got onion bread yeah I just eaten a lot
of onions and eggs what have you been
doing yeah mr. perfect
Reggie's kind of in the mood to play I'm
gonna take him for a walk in a second so
ya want to go for a walk I know you do
cuz you're stretching let's go reg gets
to roam free in this beautiful sunshine
he's searching for squirrels but I don't
think there's a squirrels in here bud
not right now anyway
he looks so regal like when you see him
from a distance he's just beautiful
beautiful boy time oh my god it is 6:30
and we are hungry so I was making
chicken and rice really boring though
you know healthy dinner we are having
one of these grains I'm not sure you we
have brown rice and quinoa quinoa
chickpeas bulgur wheat and rice spelt
quinoa red rice and wild rice and just
plain brown rice now I know Estee is not
gonna go for these two is too little too
funky nothing these two for me so
between these two I think I gotta go for
the quinoa and brown rice she likes this
one I know that so we're gonna have that
on the side steaming away in here we've
got some green beans and I'm just gonna
pop these two chicken breasts right here
and bam
dinner's done you got your rice and your
quinoa you got your green beans you got
your grilled chicken times two it's time
to eat crows crows I'm trying to take
off my bra girls you know hello
how long is it gonna take I've decided
to take a bath after dinner bath on a
Sunday night it is always my favorite
thing to do and I thought I'd show you
the face
who is that so face masks that I'm gonna
do so the first thing I'm gonna do is
use this fresh sugar face polish this is
literally literally like ah like really
trying to open it here it's like brown
sugar it is so delicious smelling like
if I was hungry I might put some of this
on toast not gonna lie so yeah I'm gonna
use a little bit of that it's like a
physical exfoliator after that I'm
topping it off with one of my all-time
favorite face masks this is from fresh
as well and it is their Umbreon clay
mattifying mask what I like about this
is that it totally clears out my skin
but it does not dry it out it is like a
miracle-working mask I absolutely love
it and I recently just bought this thing
off Amazon it's like this super tiny
little sea sponge and I've been using
this with my cleanser because it just
kind of like gently exfoliates every
single day which my skin has been loving
so yeah I just typed in like facial sea
sponge and I got a pack of three I think
it was like two pounds or three pounds
and the last thing I'm going to use is a
hydrating mask so this is Li a Lancome
hydrazine mask it's an anti-stress
moisturizing overnight serum in masks I
don't use this overnight cuz I hate
sleeping in masks but I keep this one
for usually like I like four hours
depending on how long I have but it is
amazing so now it's time to set up Sex
in the City
I'm rewatching every episode of Sex in
the City from the very beginning I'm on
season 1 episode 8 and it's just it's
it's just as good as the first time you
watched it you know I'm seriously
getting wardrobe inspo from Carrie and
Samantha I mean all of them were like
super cool styles so that's what I'm
gonna do so I'm I'm out of breath time
to shower no time to take a bath I'm
using this bathtub for those of you who
don't follow me on snapchat you might
not know about my love for this it is
awesome if you'd like minty baths this
is the thing for you I'm just gonna pour
a little bit in there and I've actually
just finished up the last of this bottle
which is so exact if I love it it's the
green bath potion it doesn't make your
bath like super green but it makes it
kind of rain these are just epsom salts
they just come in a bag like this I got
this at UM a drugstore and I just put a
little careful in here like that I might
put one more boom and I will be diving
in soon as you can see I already took
off this nail when I'm like stressed out
I always take like pick out my nail it's
horrible so this one I need to repaint
that sometimes alright so it is time for
us to retire and chill out
I've got wet hair its moist
exciting times I am Cait is on TV new
season yes we're gonna see what Kate is
up to how her life is getting great
great yeah
so I wrap it up there thank you for
coming along with me this weekend hope
you enjoyed it and we will see you very
soon
hi three incredible gasps three of our
previous guests we have s Taylor Dawn's
let's see Gilbert and Charlie Cox also s
day is a union lifestyle vlogger because
me and now YouTube isn't it yeah yeah
and now an author
