good morning or should we say good
afternoon because it is Saturday at
about noon exactly noon and we are here
at the park it's so bright I can hardly
see I'm turning into my mom and wear
sunglasses like all the time
anyway I decided to vlog this weekend
because I've actually got loads of fun
stuff happening it's a busy busy fun
weekend and I've already had breakfast
filmed a video and actually that's it
but now we're at the park with reg it's
our favorite part of the week and he's
really excited oh it looks like there's
fog but today actually is kind of like
fun a bit hazy I don't know maybe it's
like a small visit and Reggie gorgeous
oh good boy
yeah we brought his toy along to see
like if he'd be interested in playing
with it outside I don't I don't think
he's into it it smells like freshly cut
grass out here because it looks like the
grass has been indeed fresh and cut
this kid just shot a dog that's right he
is a dog she's actually going as ones
over there getting a pocket and Reggie
is over here drooling on me okay
I'm creeping between energy's legs to
zoom in on the cutest dog I don't know
what kind of dog this is but he's so
cute oh oh I think it's peeing sorry
about that sorry about that
it is bucket a lot of time that's B okay
I T it's our favorite food ever it's
very peculiar that we found the seashell
in the market on the grass as and tried
to convince me it was first slug but I
ain't never seen a slug like this so
luckily for both of us anyway we're no
longer hang Gries what my point was I'm
perfectly satisfied you're gonna take a
lovely stroll what is a lovely day
a very very nice days it is beautiful
it's like we're in a big red coat
turn the camera
oh no I don't ever try to zoom in that
red coat is another greyhound so let's
try to get them to mingle
they're kind of friends but not really
look at all of these beautiful flowers
that are blooming this is the kind of
stuff that gives me life so if aztlán
picks me up
Reggie goes mad so we're just gonna try
it see what he does oh you're gonna save
your mother since it's Saturday Reggie
gets a bone good boy
see ya every Saturday morning after we
walk Reggie we always have a cup of tea
whoa pour a little bit of hot water in
there got some new sugar cubes which is
very exciting to me I if I'm being
naughty I'll have one white and one
brown but usually I'll just have a white
and this mug by the way everybody always
asks where it's from it's really cool
because it's like textured I put this in
my Christmas haul video but it's from
Urban Outfitters I'm having a real blue
phase as you can see by my phone case so
I decided to paint my nails with this
it's the nails ink gel effect this is
enriched with hydrating coconut water
and it is in the color Portobello
terrace so I'm gonna do that now so I've
just finished painting my nails I think
they look so pretty I'll try to zoom in
I think they look so pretty I'm not the
best at painting my nails so I got some
on my cuticles but anyway I'm about to
film a video right now this is a spring
drugstore beauty haul and I'm actually
wearing one of the lipsticks with a lip
gloss from the hole so you'll have to
stay tuned
being really annoying let's go watch the
drugstore haul if you want to see it
because this could very well be my new
fave lipstick like it's so bright and
nice it's kind of like the opposite of
what I've been wearing for the past like
eight ten months so I really love it I
just finished filming so it's time to
turn all the lights out okay and the
last light boom there me so I just done
that but so I just finished filming
though that video will be up very soon
and now I have 30 minutes to walk Reggie
feed Reggie get ready and go to filler
live which a lot of you have probably
listened to it already it's called a
filler podcast and I was on an episode
of it and they are doing like a live
version of it tonight and they asked me
to be a guest on it which was so
exciting so it's at a coffee shop in
Shoreditch I think it's called ozone
coffee shop I've never been there so
I've got a lot of stuff to do and not a
lot of time to do it so let's go up
Reggie walk walk walk walk walk walk
walk walk Reggie loves to walk outside
when it's nice now come on Reggie we got
to hurry up a bit because we don't have
much time
nobody's here can can I put you in as
well yeah hey you tell everybody what
you're doing with your little fitness oh
my god okay we didn't feel good guys
I've got a series on my YouTube channels
and I'm basically getting bit the lazy
man's guide to getting fit nothing of
mine so Charlie and I are here getting
ready to do the podcast and birdie b30
is also here in Norman want to they put
that on and in case you're wondering how
many people were logging everybody I
mean yeah so just saying what's what's
new in your world
why didn't you I just got back from you
oh yeah I saw that
I don't think I put enough winnings from
now even suggests that I was you okay
camera coming off now the room is like
really filling up and as plan is over
here oh yeah I'm gonna like you want me
to vlog you spices interesting I don't
know if I should do into a storage it's
fun you guys and this many people but
physical real people turn out in London
alone is just amazing so thank you so
much and today I'm joined by we're
joined by three incredible guests three
of our previous guests we have s de
león's 30 Gilbert and Charlie Cox este
is a union lifestyle blogger because me
and now YouTube isn't it yeah yeah and
now an author not yes yeah the process
Bertie is a filmmaker also primarily on
YouTube and Charlie dear Charlie is a
writer blogger producer just human
extraordinaire
best thing YouTube is kind of like I
feel like making this video today yeah
there's no real yeah Charlie Potter
you've had some experience in both
mediums you've had traditional please
dude you guys are ever back in central
London or in the area support these guys
they're amazing for the creative
industries and just they're fantastic so
thank you guys
so if Diller podcast is over and now I'm
hanging out with this lovely group of
girls and we're all talking about art
and books it's so sophisticated so we're
back home now as you can tell from my
slicked back rot appearance as I'm went
to the grocery store really quickly just
like the little expressed one to pick up
a little a few snacks because we're
hungry and as one comes back in the door
and he says I really messed up I was
like what happened he's like I just ate
raw chicken I like what are you talking
about I mean and he shows me these ugly
really hungry basically and I was like
I'm good get these as a snack along the
way okay the walk home these look like
the breaded cooked kind but like what
the fifth one I was like oh I don't take
a look take a look at it and then wait
let's let's make it focus here hang on
there is it me or does that look a
little bit pink in there it's about 80%
cooked anyone cook yeah yeah that's what
I thought too so I don't know what I'm
in for a night in my life where I'm
gonna be horribly vomiting and you know
what the rest of the day only time will
tell
we'll keep you updated anyway I had an
amazing time at the filler live thing I
will tweet about a link I will tweet a
link to it once it is out I think it's
gonna be a might not be out by the time
you guys see this blog but anyway thank
you to filler podcasts for having you
super fun I met loads of new people
that's that everything I'm gonna wrap it
up because I have to wake up really
early tomorrow morning Sunday morning
wake-up call at 7 a
that ain't right so stay tuned because
tomorrow I'm going to glamour beauty
festival it's gonna be really fun so I
will see you in the next video bye and
let's just pray for as when he was
walking around like this I don't know
how I just thinking it yeah stop
thinking about it if you could eat one
dish or like one type of food for an
extended period of time what would it be
mini eggs probably okay or like try to
feed Ruby like sushi I'm not just about
yeah
