welcome welcome to on the mine at number
three and today we have a special guest
also this microphone is not on it's an
accessory
this is a personal project where I'm
recording everything I say forever so I
believe you feel like we do that okay so
basically none of us are in a creative
mood right now and we couldn't think of
a single thing that was on any of our
minds so we tweeted are you glad you
weren't in education well so so social
media was around well I wasn't education
when Bebo's around I think best friends
and you could pick nine people to put as
your best friends on your be their page
so that if you got an argument with
someone you'd be like that's what you
did yeah well I mean the reason why I
love you so much is because it was so
customizable to away you have like all
these different like themes and
like like myself yeah but even more
customized with myspace because they
feel like if you're ready even gone kid
you know plus they like looking back on
it I love you know and maybe
that was for the best social media
experience I've ever had more than a my
son or something yeah definitely because
I don't know because people is the first
wave of like people putting up photos
online you know like that's the funny
see like oh holy like serious photo
like your photo gets like stamp like
online Facebook had that albums new
album
so you could look like on Sunday nights
I would be that refreshing the new
albums Pejic waiting for someone
it's pretty crazy though who's like kids
now like they literally are on that
24/7 and imagine like the crazy amount
of like FOMO and like bad feelings they
get from that like so many bad vibes
yeah I just took it down a notch and
this convo but I'm serious like that
would literally I don't know do you
think it affected us more because we
kind of grew up without it initially
then had it introduced oh yeah if you
always have it are you like then like
kind of build up resistance towards or
actually everything post on Instagram is
 Oh things you thought when you
were a teenager but we're completely
wrong about my mom telling me that when
you grow up you'll see what I mean like
about a lot of things like you never
understanding that like you know and be
like no no definitely not and then like
now enjoying I'll be like yeah if you
could eat one dish or like one type of
food for an extended period of time what
would it be
mini eggs probably okay Oh like type of
food or exe yeah cuz you obviously get
sick of mini eggs sweet stuff Disco
Biscuits
I can do that for a month savory stuff I
love sandwiches
yeah Reuben on rye
I think I'm gonna stick with the sushi
thing my mom asks what are your pet
peeves
hers is when people use the word use so
like my mom hates you've never heard
them I think it's like Canadian like
suburbia times it's like youse better
get off that lawn right now or I'm gonna
get up there and squirt you with the
hose people don't know the difference
between quiet quiet quiet or quite yeah
so proofreading only to you like every
single tweet has a mistake if you follow
them to Twitter you'll know that you
delete and rewrite all the tweets that
are like it was mistaken I could delete
them so now and again Steve Shannon she
has been doing if YouTube didn't exist
we still be doing something in beauty
yeah I feel like it would be I think I'd
probably be like a guidance counselor I
always wanted to be a guidance counselor
yeah I have this vision that a stay
should be kind of like a like an Ellen
sort of vibe like I feel like I stay get
so much out of someone by asking them
questions but they don't even realize
that they're asking that she's awesome
questions and I'll like there's been so
many times are
kate and kate is just like spitting out
like test day and st just like just like
did you really feel like that made a
huge difference and then Kate get like I
do about a lot I think people who become
very comfortable you know gardens cancer
or undercover agent undercover Asian and
I was like and what is an undercover
agent
oh yeah what would you be doing well you
don't but if I wasn't touched by the
YouTube world at all I don't know maybe
I would be more inclined to do something
boring yeah
oh listen whatever I talk about
political stuff like every single
YouTube person I know they're all just
like I probably do you must be crazy by
the zombie today which is like why can i
think texan yeah I didn't even know what
a think tank was until I met him and he
was like yeah I might work in a think
tank I was like what is it no offense to
people if you would be a crayon what
color crayon would you be Gionta for
each other
yeah oh I see that's good that's good
news who who does who I don't know we
can consult in I think Emilia is like
purpley pink yeah and I'm so obvious is
that what you would say yeah yeah no I
think that's like bright happy positive
you know good nice to be around you like
to look at that color
so are you choosing Adams color
my first choice although they read but
yeah I think maybe I think you'd be like
a medium dark green you know no not like
they're like a British like racing green
like a read I agree okay not quite teal
either I think like someone between I
think you be like a bright green he's
with you I think Green is a very kind of
color that's like attractive to humans
and they feel like very drawn to and
like comfortable around it yeah I don't
think it's like a bright green either
because I don't see you as being like a
really like bright like glaring color
this is the thing right about me is
people think I'm like always up here but
actually I'm like such a laid-back
person well I think you're like I
definitely know that obviously yeah I
think it's for you so that's why I think
when people watch on the mind videos
they're like it stays in such a bad mood
I'm like no I'm not I'm just like really
like yeah Amelia what are our Dukes
favorite dog dreams okay so if you want
llamas not last year but the year before
that where we all went to the dog market
and then bought the dog some treats oh
yeah you've actually had diarrhea that
day and that was the last time I gave
him any sort of adventurous like took at
your restaurant I never take him to
restaurants ever oh okay I was like oh
thank you your restaurant today like
please babe and then he had diarrhea in
the restroom nose like right now behind
the restaurant how spring for you clean
up diarrhea
the plastic bags spread on the pavement
like yeah like you protect your triangle
if you don't make it nothing gonna make
it like to the public you're gonna like
okay now it is the segment of on the
mine do you leave it anywhere we all
talk about a first world problem in our
lives
movers okay so for me something that's
been a big issue in the last two or
three weeks is traffic in London now I
don't know if you live in London and you
use the roads in London you know track
it be cray in the last three weeks like
I don't know why Boris what the you
doing seriously like just please like
sort out the cycle steam stuff which is
it's just dang crazy oh yeah it's
whenever you want to drive anywhere it's
taking like wait wait it's taking like
two to two-and-a-half times
like honestly tempers are flaring
yesterday we witnessed like the craziest
road rage ever like this guy got out of
his car and threatened to like pound
this guy's face in it was so weird yeah
yeah I couldn't believe it so yeah I
believe traffic is terrible
please Louis if you know I really do you
have a first for yeah my best little
problem is that I cannot find a phone
case that fits my phone but when you
okay so I'm really clumsy that's just
bad okay I'm really clumsy so when I
drop my phone my phone always falls out
of the freaking phone case because I'm
so clumsy and then it's like that moment
where the phone's dropped and you're
like see you smashed a you smashed are
you smashed and then basically well like
I don't wanna jinx it you know I'm not
telling you but basically I need to find
a phone case that actually protects my
phone
the biggest phone case of all time and
it still pops my freaking phone up
everybody
so given us and he's very oh whoa mix
you gotta wear makeup for this otherwise
if you have any blemishes or spots it
doesn't make them big ready yeah Oh
major difference
I should like FaceTime eBay when my
first world problem is this so I drove
my car somewhere and I couldn't find a
parking spot so I was like oh screw it
I'll just Park here no that's not what
happened
I did find a parking spot and I paid for
the parking and I still got a ticket
even though I was paying everything and
as one is now fighting to take it from
me anyway so I had the ticket and then I
had to go to another thing another place
so I took the car and then I parked
illegally and I put the ticket in the
life and then windshield wipers like oh
they're not gonna give you another
ticket and they did know they did it
yeah that's my trick yeah it's not a
cheese you can't unlike economic and to
get at least I can park anyway yeah no
that's what I thought yeah because it's
the same person who does the round so
he's like oh I didn't know it was in
another borough so like I had a
Westminster one and I went to another
place I know but just I flipped it open
I thought it might work I do
I mean I know it's Mike Wallace today no
today they're parked illegally as well
for 15 minutes and I didn't get a ticket
it's not like I would pay but I can
never find parking
yes I will say that because I can't find
parking it's my fault anyway that is
everything today on today's on the mind
make sure you go check out Amelia's
channel by the way she just be any
videos lifestyle videos you know her by
now she's amazing she's my ultimate babe
site okay is that you're very excited
about doing the accent for the end just
that
