good morning everyone I am sleepy we are
in the hotel lobby I'm going to show you
what we got
although as a party I thought some
oatmeal which I accidentally
accidentally drowned in maple syrup but
seriously though like a lid fell off a
piece of toast that did not tow strap
really because I was in a hurry to go
nowhere fast two pieces of brown bread
must be same thing my partner blueberry
juice yeah and I got raspberry juice
what are we doing yeah we are aren't we
and look at this amazing studio video
like an old photography studio
rent an old building and a few peeps
getting everything ready and ice today
is playing around with what looks like
we went to the hole of any friends I
think I'm ready to be able to like not
worry about the video and the lights and
everything you do wish you like a six
man team but but this is it's nothing
beginning everything done definitely
even the color champ this is gonna look
good so as you can see the set is being
constructed right now and there is great
deliberation about plant placement like
a plane and everything so you guys
probably knows everything
this villager like the finished
breakfast and that may may not have been
in this line throughout the taxi yeah I
spend my life without Arkansas state
that it was our fault and I did not
forget it leave my phone it's a fun
feeling you getting lapped up and you've
got it in your pocket yeah then you put
a funny how like an old reality shows
like you can hear the person but the
other like oh I wasn't expecting you yet
magically they're always like up that
good-looking effect okay is that you're
very excited about doing the action so
there's a whole there's a lot of stuff
going on right now but it looks
beautiful like the stage looks amazing
okay I think everything is pretty much
ready I stays up about to start filming
what's up is great
yeah scene one take one
yeah expert corner SJ Cu one take one
so there's a little break in between
shots alright and look at this this is a
Swedish lemon favorite yeah so come free
well so far those damn fire engines do
you know every time there's like a fire
do something that's always there oh I
feel like it's like a normal life each
ability to just ignore like whatever
this situation
okay so uh you are now finished Danzo so
those videos will pick up in a couple of
months and I'll tweet about them yeah
I'll keep you guys updated too about the
video yeah it was good as a nice bunch
of people who was very even though
considering was like you know a studio
set up it was very relaxed like you know
is really good so now it is an
absolutely like gorgeous day in
Stockholm like we could not have asked
for a better day
sunny not a cloud in the sky and so he's
gonna walk around see what strengths
that fancy yeah so we came to this
restaurant which i think is a tourist
trap but the girl in this story said
that was good it's called reach as long
as pissed
we're starving it's like 3 o'clock fYI
and we haven't eaten since that very
very light breakfast and the candy
anyway I just want to point out that
this is our bread bowl and this is the
butter this is how the butter comes and
one of these cool little raft up tubes
exactly it's too I guess
I just a browse the phone let me tell
the discovery we made furiously this
prince in the restaurant has Tesco
written like all over it in this light
at work
they've got Tesco Cespedes co-written
everywhere over like what is that about
pretty strange isn't it
dinner lunch was arrived I got the
chicken and Aslan got the Swedish
meatballs of course let's just say this
this ain't no IKEA standard that looks
pretty good
go on dig in
good evening we're now dinner we have
come back to our favorite restaurant
season called popular even in the old
town in Stockholm and the reason why we
love it is because it does like really
high-end food but it's not that
expensive but like relative speaking for
like super high-end food it's not that
expensive and they do a non-alcoholic
juice pairing to like the eight course
meal that as they allow so because De
Aza factors so this is our real
Valentine's Day date
okay so we've had the the snacks part
one and we've got a
a carrots brewed in lactic acid rolled
in chicken skin I believe is what I
don't know yeah castrated and then we
have a current on what this is but this
is like fried something and this is a
grilled cucumber with salmon roe on top
smile okay so basically okay we're
coming towards the end of the meal now
the dessert course and it's like this
really intense blue berry sorbet and it
is making our teeth so black we look
like toothless goodness people time
we've been here for over three hours
like an eight-course meal yeah plus the
music is great yeah we ugh forgot this
past erotic so we just finished dinner
and it's almost midnight late so it's
very very fun and cool and very chilled
up we're just gonna wait for our uber
because it's so cold outside we don't
want to look wait outside it is freeze
oh here it is it's literally freezing
outside I mean this door is heavy can't
open it
alright back in the hotel Aslan's just
getting ready for bed and I just
finished getting ready for bed I am so
sleepy
so yeah we're gonna go to bed and we're
leaving tomorrow morning unfortunately
so there's not much else to blog but I
hope you enjoyed coming along for a
couple of days anyway we've had an
amazing trip and that's everything so I
will see you in the next video bye
we've made it and look
it's cold literally it feels good though
yeah it's nice like it's like a really
crisp cold like it all really crisp like
refreshing for me so that's going in
we're going to a place called supper
it's a South American
