hello everyone I'm starting the vlog in
the evening because I'm actually
traveling tomorrow morning Aslan and I
are going to Stockholm reason why I'm
vlogging the night before is because I
was actually sent this mask it's by a
brand called when this is a sheet mask
from Korea I believe they're called like
bio cellulose masks
I'm not exactly sure but you've probably
seen loads and loads of people using
these and whenever I use them on
snapchat it gets quite a hilarious
response because they look slightly
terrifying but they are so effective
I've been using these masks for a couple
of months now and they are amazing
they're super good for sensitive skin it
doesn't irritate your skin and even
people with the most sensitive skin can
use these so that is exactly what I look
for when I look in when I look for face
masks you like so many of them just kind
of like slide off your face that they
don't really feel like they're doing
anything but these are awesome so
basically I'm going to open it up and
show you how to use it open this up for
anyone who's never seen one of these
crazy contraptions so then you like
unfold it and there are three layers to
this mask you take the first layer off
you don't want this the first time I use
this I accidentally used this part of
the mask and that's this isn't the mask
hmm so then you take off this next layer
it's a really weird texture I'm pretty
sure this is like made of coconuts or
something so then you gently just remove
it from the paper try to form some sort
of a face all right
and then you line it up well you look
great this is the best you've looked in
years thank you and then you just like
place it onto your skin I was doing some
research on this mask and did you know
that this mask retains 100 times its
weight in liquid it's pretty impressive
and the other thing because I was
reading on the website about these is
and into almost an entire bottle of
serum is in this mask so like say a
bottle of serum is like one ounce this
is 0.8 ounces of serum in this mask so
it is like
really effective and it's like a deep
way to like you know infuse your face
with amazing goodness you got a whole
lot of syrup on your face right now yeah
I just want to emphasize you need to
kind of like get rid of all the air
bubbles to make sure it stays on because
the worst thing is when these masks like
slide off your face it's very annoying
but these don't do that if you if you
just like make sure there's no air
bubbles in it okay so half an hour later
shake it off oh all right everyone it is
time for bed and I am feeling so sleepy
on the plus side my skin is looking
ultra hydrated like you can't actually
obviously feel it but it's very smooth
soft supple which is what you want so I
use the ten pm mask of course and then
goes about four other masks for
different skin care occasions so make
sure you go check out their website I
will have it linked down below it's
available to buy at Sephora in the US
you can also get it at Topshop I'm
pretty sure it's coming to Ulta and the
French store I'm going to butcher little
bon march√© French people correct me so
I hope you enjoyed this little masks
tutorial and I will see you tomorrow
when we are headed to Stockholm
good morning from Heathrow Airport we
are just now sitting down to have some
breakfast it is 9:00 something in the
morning we woke up at 6:45 and when
assam woke me up he whistled at me away
from you he was like I can't whistle but
it was like something along those lines
and I just glared at him for a very very
little time that's how I started my day
but I'm in a more of a chipper mood now
and we're just getting ready to eat some
breakfast how you doing good we are
hungry sleepy and need of food yep and
but we're also very excited to like
stuff up eggs on toast have arrived some
bacon and Aslan has gone for the healthy
option leave it to him every time
I promise it's not Michael
as actually look like road
anyway
it is slightly cold here though
just got to the hotel it's called nobis
Hotel and it's in the middle of this
like main sort of square which is really
nice so we got into the room and the
hotel - yo yet another one pretty much
everything is the same as any other
hotel it's a room with a bathroom
attached
bingo-bango we got two coats on the
hooks very convenient
we got a mirror very convenient change
into my jeans because I'm putting effort
in thought my quads are like I need to
stop doing squats they're literally huge
all muscle baby all muscle baby hmm
put suitcase here we've already broken
into the snacks cuz we are gonna faint
cool light here I gotta say very cool
light uh and here's the bed mega beasts
I already stole from juice yeah I was
not good and then this is the bathroom
which is very nice as well
yay so we've made our way to a market
this is the sign
smells like food i'll say that in a good
way
I mean is there a bad way just my like
food to be honest we have found the most
delicious-looking bakery ever called
fabric and you best believe we're going
in and getting everything we get one
walnut booth we're just walking along
the street it's like a flower shop and I
just couldn't help myself I was like oh
is it feathers soft that is so cool
I wish I lived here and I could get
these flowers but alas I have to say
goodbye to you so we just went to
7-Eleven because I mean for obvious
reasons snackage well we've got dinner
coming up in about three hours so we
kind of skipped lunch I don't think it's
worth like getting like an actual meal
before did it yeah cuz we're gonna have
a big dinner so we got some really
healthy snacks I started off with the
right mindset a dole aka a banana dole
dill chips yes I love dill and as I've
got these parmesan chips and I also got
these tutti fruity rings that also have
licorice in them I love black licorice
and I also got these sour candies and
water and last but not least a chocolate
bar
marabou with dime won't even have to put
my own music in for watching Ethan and
Gila it's now time to go out for dinner
it's about 8:25 and it's dinnertime
apparently we go out late at night now I
just did a quick little outfit change
and wearing my big gray turtleneck this
coat that I got in Paris which is super
cool because it has this like big slit
on the side I mean you can zip it down
but I like it open at my Topshop jeans
and my acne boots
and that's it um I personally ate too
much candy so I'm having a bit of a
tummy ache at the momento because I
can't actually eat that much like sugary
stuff without getting it throw up
because I'm old now I'm old now I mean I
know I'm not but like that's a telltale
sign of like you're not a teenager
anymore because I used to be able to
pound it back literally like you've no
idea we've made it and look it's cold
chilly
it feels good though yeah it's nice like
it's like a really crisp cold like a
really crisp like refreshing home so
that's going in we're going to a place
called supper it's a South American
kind of tax to the situation a situation
I am already extremely intrigued by this
situation it's like look this is a copy
oh my gosh it's a travel it's a carpet
it feels like a garment I we are already
walking into a totally different world
how cool is this this is the coolest
carpet I've ever seen couples don't
carpet interior inspo so we just caught
them like water free water with the
table and we just spent 10 minutes
discussing how it is the perfect
temperature the children not too cold
not too warm because Aslan says
sometimes when water is too cold it just
tackles the senses
yeah I'm officially not all like
it is literally just eat his weight in
food it's a hilarious sight to see
hilarious like me call me call me two
minutes ago he was like I couldn't eat
another bite then two seconds later he's
like so we want to get dessert I don't
know like the way my hunger levels work
it's very hard like already home but
then I envisioned dessert already
envision the deliciousness of it and so
I'm like oh yeah I can see that
so oh my gosh dessert is here looks
beautiful it looks so beautiful I wish
there was better lighting so I can
Instagram list good afterlife
ice cream with rolled coconuts and a lot
of gloriousness and athletes just
steeping his tea over there back in the
hotel and we are ready to go to sleep
quite late now and we're getting up very
early tomorrow morning well I'm getting
up very early tomorrow morning at 6 a.m.
because I've got a little exciting
project which is the reading reading the
reason why I'm here so I'm gonna blog
tomorrow as well stay tuned and I will
see you in the morning bye guys oh I
look like a different human right now
you've all watched to see me the smokey
eye well here you go
it's craymore so this is my hair all the
time the dress
loving it
