hello everyone so the time now is 3:30
and I am getting ready to leave in about
five minutes I have to go get my hair
done because I am going to the BAFTA
nominees party tonight which is crazy I
obviously was not nominated for anything
but I am just attending with Lancome and
um yeah it's kind of been a big thing in
my mind because we've been like trying
to find dresses and doing like all these
crazy fittings and just like yeah it's
been like exciting but also stressful
because I'm not used to like going to
events like this so it's been like quite
an interesting learning experience so
anyway I'm gonna go get my hair done now
I don't think Larry is gonna be there I
think he's in Paris right now but
somebody's going to do my hair at Herson
and then I'm heading to the Savoy to the
Lancome suite and I'm going to take you
along also I'm going to the actual BAFTA
Awards which is tomorrow night so I'm
going to vlog as much as much as much as
possible and fingers crossed
I see Leonardo DiCaprio
flashback to the night I got a tan two
days before the getting ready this is a
glow this is my mascara running down my
face but this is a glow and if you think
I'm alone right now you're wrong
think again my friends
Jules bonehype has been and Missy of how
to time
this is my favorite human in the world
name is Jules I love the name Jules but
it spelled Ju le s yeah not like the
crown jewels it's not like is that just
your name or is it short for something
show me something but you'll never know
whoa I'm is my really know what's a real
thing
Julian it's all there that makes sense
I was the only Katie I rebranded and I
became justice juices fun Julian psych
hi I'm I'm Julia and I'm here to steal
your corporate spreadsheets
I like Julian though dying's not calling
me dude no no I usually leave it here
Jules it's like okay there's like you
know how there's like Beyonce and Sasha
Fierce oh no my fashion face is someone
else who why I have to do jacoco
it's fast it talks like zis uh-huh and
then I also have Ian Thornbury okay
Ian's thumb bree is mad for it okay is
my inner workings I love it so anyway
anyway back to BAFTA no back to Jules go
follow him because he did my amazing tan
yes and he makes YouTube videos as well
so I didn't weekly blogs and I do Beauty
videos but I'm essentially there to make
you long to the next level which is
happening
there we go Larry too good for me now to
do my hair so as a company out
anyway Larry's my bag so anyway Harris
done off to get my makeup done okay so
we made it to the Savoy but I don't
think we're in the right place cuz
nobody's in this real look at this
amazing room okay where are we oh my
gosh
my sister Beatrice I've made it and we
have been through all of the corridors
of this hotel trying to find this room
but this is like a very chic and posh
room so I'm gonna get my skin done and I
really need it can you help me sort this
out and just make me look live dancers
yes I'm getting a very relaxing facial
massage but I think you're just rubbing
the lotion but it feels so relaxing so
we're using Lancome products of course
what am i what are you putting on me
right now it smells good so this is the
gonna taste come fall so it's a really
nice creamy time today honey sheer
butter oh it's really moisturizing
three guys this is crazy
I'm getting my picture taken I got the
dress on yeah feeling like wearing that
girl right now we won't show the makeup
yeah the makeup is insane yeah he's like
a fool yeah yeah guys I look like a
different human right now
you all want to see me in a smoky eye
well here you go
it's creme so this is my hair oh my god
I'm the dress loving it as you can see I
am now in bed the time is now 1:30 in
the morning which is insane I'm so
sleepy but I had such an amazing time
I've just tried to take off my makeup
and as you can see I just cannot get a
little bit off
I've given up because I'm too sleepy and
my eyes hurt but I absolutely loved
having a smokey eye for the first time
ever and had such an amazing time at the
dinner and Penelope Cruz was there it
was pretty crazy we weren't allowed to
like vlog in the actual event but it was
super cool make sure you stay tuned
because it keeping it in this vlog I'm
going to the bath as fast as tomorrow
which is going to be even more insane so
I'll see you tomorrow
guys I just thought of the most amazed
idea for next October you thought of it
yeah she definitely thought of it just
came up just like that yeah yeah I think
so lady okay I thought I just thought of
it anyway maybe I was on an island oh
but next October I'm gonna vlog every
day and I'm gonna call it vlog you love
I wanted to get this out there so
no one can steal my idea yeah it's mine
vlog you la is Mikey anyway um today I'm
going back to the Savoy which is such
like a cool hotel by God to get my hair
done it's only 10:45 so I'm going to get
my hair done quite early I'm gonna come
home and I'm going to go back and get my
makeup done so and in that time we're
gonna see a past one does the dishes
yeah it's Valentine's Day so it's for
the best
he's been so kind to me today on
Valentine's Day and Reggie has been the
most kind he wants a treat um give me a
treat please you know why I'm there than
wrong
okay so I got a roll also can can you do
it oo TV of me we all we have here is a
standalone modelling latest look on
Valentine's Day 2016 you'll find a loose
slightly oversized camel colored knit on
top followed by some distressed light
blue jeans van tranh listen very pointy
green and black pointy shows shows
xuxa's who shares resume this shirt is
from H&M I just got it I got it in a
large because I wanted it to be a dress
but I tried it on as a dress and it
showed off my entire boot a side to put
jeans on women yeah what what do you do
don't lick the butter stick okay this is
no famous do not lick the butters cake
do not lick the batter stick do not lick
the butter stick do
Lichter butterstick don't do it don't do
it I'm back in the Lancome style suite
it's about three o'clock now
I did get my hair done earlier and it
had like a little thing in it but it
fell out because I took a nap so I'm
gonna go back and get it fixed but um at
the moment I'm back at the skincare
table which the makeup was an amazing
part but the skincare was like oh so
relaxing when they look at you just with
your face it's so good sound fool that
right now she's looking at me like I'm
not doing that
you look so relaxed I really am
I want this done every day sorry about
to get my makeup done by Fortunato so
I've tacked on my Instagram you have to
go follow him this makeup is same and
police eldridge actually commented on
her Instagram last night which is like
so today we're going to do joint
explained over yet we're going to do
like a soft and softer smokey eye look
and then we focus a little bit more on
this on the lips dewy skin very glowing
and a lovely contouring okay well guys
you know that I keep it real with you
and something terrible has happened
my dress broke so apparently was no both
of my own
it was just broken to start with so I am
currently in my nakedness on the
bathroom floor everybody's seeing me in
a very compromising state with my
beautiful diamonds that are obviously
not mine borrowing him and just trying
to stay positive but uh mama be stressed
mama be stressed right now the last time
you saw me I was breaking down on the
bathroom floor in the Savoy Hotel with a
big diamond necklace and I honestly did
not have the strength to vlog after that
moment basically after that breaking
down on the bathroom flow is the lowest
you've ever seen it's one of the low low
points of my life yeah um I wouldn't
consider myself a dramatic person
although as I'm will probably say
otherwise but basically I just got so
overwhelmed with the whole situation I
didn't have a dress and we had to leave
in like 20 minutes
and I was like I don't know what to do
basically the dress it wasn't too small
I want to make that clear
okay it was not too small basically like
the zip just like got caught on some
fabric and it was like bunching so we
tried to like bring it down and it
wouldn't go down then it wouldn't go up
and I was like stuck in the dress with
the zip like half done skis reggie he's
just copping and like the god it was
honestly awful and i was panicked than
they actually did like cut the zipper
out and then we had to get like a
seamstress on the way but she was 40
minutes away and I just started crying
then I called my mom and then my mom was
like okay stay it's okay it's okay and I
was like I gotta go mom and then I
called aztl√°n and I was like honey what
are you doing right now and he was like
oh god what now and I was like can you
bring the red dress because I tried on
this red dress like a couple weeks ago
and that was I was gonna wear it but I
decided not to wear it thankfully I
still had it and then um he brought the
dress over very quickly I got changed
and then I called no no no then he was
on his way with the dress and I called
my mom again and my mom like literally
like what do you do in these situations
you call your mom my mom was like okay
don't cry stay you got this you're a
badass you can do this you've got this I
just it wasn't even about the dress it
was about the fact that I was like
holding people up and like I was at this
really amazing event with Lancome and I
didn't I just didn't expect it to go
down this way you know what I mean um
but I was on the bathroom floor I'm sure
lost you saw my snapchat and then one of
the girls came in she's like do you
wanna like get it get a chair or
something I was like don't talk to me I
was like so dramatic but anyway lesson
learned to always have a backup dress
but it worked out in the end because I
wore a beautiful red dress by Amanda
Wakeley
and it did work out in the end but uh
yeah and then basically went to the
BAFTAs saw like all of these amazing
actors and actresses and they won all
these awards and Matt Damon was right
beside me and then I saw Leon
Oh DiCaprio my plan was to give him a
big kiss but I couldn't get close enough
and I became best friends with tree
having way that was pretty cool because
she was sat next to me at the dinner and
just had a good time so after all that I
got myself together and it worked out
and then when I got home right
bridgie Reggie Richie when I got home
around 1:30 Richie you okay he's okay um
when I got home around 1:30 Oh baby you
okay yeah you're good you're good you're
good okay you're all right when I got
home around 1:30 I literally spent like
an hour taking all my makeup off then I
went to bed and I woke up this morning I
felt like I got hit by a bus it's been a
very intense long weekend but very cool
very very fun and a once-in-a-lifetime
experience but that is what happened so
thank you to everyone who was supporting
me emotionally as the dress failure
happened um yeah I'm gonna have a blog
post up about it soon I'm working on it
today so I'm going to end it here
because I could really go on and on and
on and on about it but um that's all I
have to say
so have a great week I'm actually headed
to Stockholm tomorrow with Aslan
actually who is dancing right now
and I'm going to vlog when we're in
Stockholm too so stay tuned for
Stockholm and stay tuned for a more Zen
este I think I'm gonna do a face mask
see you soon bye
no big deal guys but I'm just going to
literally the craziest thing I've ever
seen and I think Leonardo's coming I
might just try again
well guys I got separated from my group
ended up wearing this red dress which
still looks beautiful but yeah in other
news shoes trying to show you Wow
it's kind of crazy we all got into an
uber together and Melia gets in the uber
and just starts speaking French okay
Emilia and I have been like really good
besties for a long time and I had no
idea she can basically speak French you
