good morning everyone just woke up dwell
with why I woke up about an hour ago
but now I'm really up because I'm in the
hotel restaurant having breakfast and I
just want to point this out like these
sugar things for your tea they're like
not cute it's literally like sugar
crystals you know little thing I'm
mesmerized this hotel is just like Floyd
my mind anyway I'm gonna order scrambled
eggs now and then Lucy and I are going
shopping yet another French treat this
orange juice is like nothing I have ever
tasted in my entire life the freshest
most tasty most luxurious orange juice
ever it comes in a wine glass it's so
good breakfast has been served look at
this beautiful scrambled egg situation
and Lucy has like the world's tiniest
tote bag if you if you remember
yesterday I went to this secondhand
store I just wanted to show you what I
got
Wow okay so I will start with these
things okay the first top I got is just
this Rando cropped top thing I don't
know just for chilly now and this is the
same sort of style this is actually my
fav one it's just a nice lighter
material and I just thought it was cool
I don't know I just like it and then I
got this thing which is like I don't
know if it's like a cow print or what
but it's just like a long blouse I don't
know guys call me crazy but I pictured
this with like black skinny jeans and
heels I pictured it being kind of cool
and last but not least definitely not
least I have another sequined jacket in
my life I'm gonna put this on now so you
get it so obviously not with this outfit
but I thought this was pretty cool it
has shoulder pads in it which I'm blue
to remove but I love it everyone knows I
love a sequined blazer and I thought
that was super cool I don't know
so I'm out and about finally I'm outside
and basically last night Kate who he saw
in last log she was wearing the most
gorgeous perfume I've ever smelled my
entire life and so I'm now on the hunt
for it she graciously told me what it
was called and Emilia wants one as well
so literally the weirdest thing that has
ever happened to me just happened we're
looking for this perfume right can't
find the place anywhere then we finally
find it we see this big door and we see
that this is this door okay so he buzzed
it and his door just like automatically
opened it was crazy it was like so dark
in there and all along this inside wall
was like these these fake human heads
exactly and it was just like ah say
hello I'm looking for a perfume oh my
gosh anyway they were really nice in
there but it was very creepy so now
we're off to a different location to
find the perfume
a really nice guy and yet again I went
for the juice
miss puffle impair and he said that this
is actually made in some dudes garage
just bull Claridon oh my gosh
the food is here looks so good
Lucy's making frenemies my teeth are
chattering they always do
confront your teeth every chatter yes
but it's just so funny okay we're just
waiting for the uber and then we're
going to Angelina to get some hot
chocolate some very last-minute hot
chocolate my hands trembling so he just
happened to be walking along the street
and we discovered Chanel so this is like
the Chanel store I think it's like one
of we think it's one of the oldest ones
original we think but what's fascinating
is like all these buildings are all part
of Chanel so I might just pop in just to
say I've been in it I also just popped
in to Angelina and I got Aslan's some
mecha rolls and I got some other treats
for his mum
so yeah guess we're gonna go inside and
see what this is all about Wow
even the things I like okay so we just
come in okay we're going in we're gonna
long time no see I am now currently
sitting in and dr. evil chair take care
my mind is just gone at the train
station and we're just waiting for our
train which is gonna be here in 20
minutes and I'm gonna go home
then a few apples beautiful beautiful
day here in Paris and yeah I'm sorry I
didn't really vlog like that much
earlier honestly we were just like
having such a good time shopping with
Emilia there's kind of crazy we all got
into an uber together and Emilia gets in
the uber and just starts speaking French
okay Emilia and I have been like really
good besties for a long time I had no
idea she can basically speak Breton she
says it's not amazing but she's she's
amazing and we did find the perfume it's
in my luggage so I can't show you but I
will show you later I will see you when
I get back to London good morning from
me
I completely forgot to end the vlog last
night so I'm sorry about that but it is
the next day I'm just chilling in my
office I'm in my gym outfit because I'm
going there later on today so yeah I
thought I'd show you a couple of things
I got at the French pharmacy though so
bear with me let me find it okay so this
is everything I got at the pharmacy and
I'll start with these these are pyoderma
face wipes and there are two of them in
a pack which is pretty good and they
were ten euros so it's like five euros
each I don't know not the best deal but
I thought it would okay I thought I
would just try one and I'm just gonna
give a pack away to a friend and then I
got another like double packer I love
that they do these double packs of the
event cold cream lip balm which I have
not tried before so I'm very excited I
love then I also got this which is
deodorant so let me see I haven't opened
any of this yet so it's just yeah it's
just like a very natural deodorant which
is right up my street oh so I got that I
got this this is hand cream and it's for
very dry and irritated hands because
sometimes when I'm stressed out I get
like psoriasis type stuff on my hands
avocadoes open this is that cool Oh
I'm sorry if this is hard to watch just
with one hand
I'm trying guys I'm trying yeah classic
hand cream packaging cool and then I got
these little cold cream things I love
then cold cream and it's just like a
classic cream I'm just gonna open this
and see what this looks like hang on it
looks like this is a bar of soap smells
very nice good for sensitive skin and
the last thing I got was this bike
kod√°ly this is a bronzer I just I've
never seen I didn't know cotyledon
makeup I don't know where I've been but
they had this and I had a tester and I
tried it and it was actually a really
nice shade and it's very slim like very
slim so this is what it looks like
really nice looks dark but it actually
is quite um sheer ish I don't know I
just thought that looked really nice and
it smells like the classic cuddly scent
oh my doorbell
it's like um you know if you've ever
tried the oil it smells like that which
is beautiful and this is the perfume
that we were on the hunt for it's called
sancti sancti oh I'm not I'm just gonna
stop liquid imaginaire and before I
could open this myself Aslan had already
ripped it open
and smelled it like he was seriously
keen on this so the box is super cool
just like slides open and then inside
oops
inside is this how can you open it up I
mean it's beautiful it's a very
luxurious item I'm excited there we go
upside down and then this is the perfume
it is so beautiful like Aslan loves
fragrance and he was like this is one of
the nicest fragrances you've ever bought
it's like an amazing big bottle like
it's it's a it's just so cool and it
smells very like smoky
let me try to smell it yeah smoky but
sweet kind of like woody
it's basically sex in a bottle it's just
amazing anyway I think I'm gonna leave
it there for now because I have a lot of
stuff to do today and I just want to say
a massive thank you to Lancome for
taking me to Paris and just showing me
an amazing amazing time it was so fun
and it was just a really cool experience
so thank you to Lancome and thank you to
you guys for watching these vlogs and I
will see you very shortly in a new vlog
I'm gonna try to vlog more guys I'm
gonna drive and then this is the room
wow look at this gorgeous couch and
there's the little mini bar and stuff
and then a gorgeous TV and a beautiful
balcony like this and then the bed is
just glorious and it has like the most
beautiful marble headboards
