good morning everyone today is Saturday
and it's been so long since I've logged
I actually forgot how to turn on my vlog
camera which is kind of crazy
anyway I'm back and I'm ready to let you
know what's been going on in my little
world um before I really do that I
actually have to kind of hurry up
because I want to film a video today
even though it's Saturday I'm filming a
video today because next week is a very
very busy week actually the next two
weeks are very busy weeks and I'm going
to be vlogging a lot so you'll see all
the cool stuff I'm going to get up to
but for now I'm going to plan out my
videos and get that done I know loads of
people have been commenting that they
really miss Reggie so here's your little
fix of Reggie he's been wonderful he's
been amazing not much has changed in his
world and that right there right there
is his Tiger onesie which I'll into the
photo now because it's just too cute my
new baby so I just finished filming
video number one it was a five product
face but it's not for my channel it's
actually for the TLC website which as
most of you will probably know I've been
making videos over on the TLC website
for a while now and it's very cool so if
you're interested in checking it up
check it out if not totally fine um so
now I'm just working on a second video
which is for my channel and it is a haul
which will be up very soon just finished
filming all the videos today and it is
now 2:20 in the afternoon on the
Saturday and I actually I'm skyping with
my mom
in a minute oh you are yeah so what I
wanted to talk about obviously is I got
a tattoo so I want to just kind of talk
about the story behind the tattoo and
how and why it happened you want to be
here for this yeah you want me to be
here yeah of course okay alright joins
holy cow sharing on the upside I got
muscles so I wanted to get a tattoo for
a long time like first of all back when
I was a teenager and then it kind of
left me and then it came back but I'd
say for the past year I've been really
keen and focused on
properly getting one I knew I wanted to
get one like really thinking about it
talking about it getting tattoo books to
see what kind of different styles there
are what people get tattoos old person
and basically a couple months ago I met
my friend named George and he has a very
cool Instagram he's a photographer so
make sure you go follow him and he has
one of these tattoos and one day we were
hanging out and I was like I love that
tattoo and I just whatever reason was
just like really drawn to it I was like
who did it and he told me the person and
she has an Instagram page again I'll
link it here and so I kind of started
scrolling through her Instagram and
instantly I just felt like this is it
like that was the first time I ever felt
like I actually want this on my body and
she has like a pretty cool like
distinctive style definitely that's like
kind of feminine but like strong at the
same time yeah exactly it's coming so
eventually I got the courage to contact
her and was like will you tattoo me and
then no reply no reply no reply so like
for so long she wasn't like replying or
anything and then very very randomly
last night um basically yesterday George
sent me text me is like hey I got in
touch with her she has time tonight at 7
and I was like okay boom yeah it was
like quite crazy I had a really like
full day yesterday and I was super tired
and then I was just like you know what
this is something I want to do yeah yeah
so I I had an idea of what I wanted to
get she does these women and she does
loads of different types of women but
like I was saying I love the way that
they look so strong and they're so what
she said is that she always felt like
there's no female tattooists southward
tattooist tattoo artist that does like
women who aren't so like hey you know
what I mean oh you know so I really
liked that she wanted to do tattoo women
that almost looked a little cold the way
it looked like badass and they were
empowered and they were just like
killing it basically you know so when I
went over there
we kind of like talked about what I was
going to get I told her what I wanted
what I didn't want and we drew a couple
things
and then we decided on this one it was
such an amazing laid-back experience
I loved her whole vibe I I can't I I'm
not gonna go into like what happened
that night but it was like an experience
you know as it actually wasn't there he
came after but I came for the last hour
I was already done at that point though
we had prior arrangements and yeah like
it was kind of out of nowhere like yeah
I like a five o'clock you're like oh I
was like okay I have to go to this other
place but it was fine like it was kind
of like I always I'm glad that you did
it by yourself like you know cuz it was
like a like I already format the things
you know definitely so the tattoo itself
is on my arm and it's actually in kind
of like a weird place to skate that's
the thing about this tattoo it's like in
a place where you actually can't see it
really unless you want to show someone
yeah that's right you guys there you go
and I know it looks big because it kind
of is um and it's really red right now
cuz I mean I just got it done
- fresh tat baby yeah but that's it so
like I was saying she does all these
like badass women and sort of like
statuesque drawings and I really wanted
to get this on my arm to kind of be a
reminder to myself that you know just
listen to yourself if I'm ever kind of
like floundering around thinking what am
I gonna do I'm just like not focused
this is like my reminder of like you are
in control
this is you listen to yourself trust
yourself and just kind of like do you
you know does that make sense yeah yeah
make sense yeah so I'm so so happy with
it I love her style of illustration I
just kind of like let her do her thing
I'm so pleased yeah plus she's like she
seems like so cool like she's really
like what I saw Instagram I thought she
was gonna be like a very intense like
person when you know like you know but
no she was like like really relaxed like
chilled out yeah made you feel like
confident in her like you never did
like an her ability to make the right
drawing for you and I think that's like
half the thing about this tattoo for me
it's like I connected with her and
although we're so different like I don't
know I don't even want to explain it's a
personal thing okay
yeah so anyway that's a tattoo it was
very like as far as first tattoo
experience is good I think you had a
pretty pretty good one definitely yeah
and I think also like part of it was at
the time I was thinking can I do this I
do this can I do this like I really want
this but I'm so scared like it's scary
getting your first tattoo right and I
think just like the fact that I could go
through with it I'm like quite impressed
with myself as you should be I think
you're a little shocked I I was a little
shocked that you like you know that
you're gonna do it anyway because it's
like the circumstances are such like
like so on the go like you know yeah I
wasn't like you made this like couple
months in it made the booking two months
ago you're preparing for it's just like
BAM I don't know and you like blown the
trigger yeah no one in Lock and Load
it's done yeah yeah so anyway it's on my
body now I'm very happy wait till my mom
sees it she gon freak so this is what it
looks like from the back like you can
kind of see it poking out a little bit
but if I turn it then you can kind of
see better Wow look at this yeah but in
general like you honestly don't even
notice it like if I'm from the front no
you can't even see it
yeah turn around again I like that you
can see just like a little bit of it
like a little it's like oh what's that
like you honestly even when I'm like
leaning you can't really see it that's
what I like about it mmm I'm gonna
sneeze poet sang taek okay so we just
ordered some food because both of us are
starving we have no food in our house so
let's see what we got
so this is like sort of like a burrito
that I got some guacamole salsa
tortillas oh that's good you got cheese
sandwich I got the avocado or would you
put the avocado well we can share so
this looks very good and I got a fresh
orange juice and I have to say slightly
slightly small portion size but it looks
like you're fresh I'm a bad blogger but
I brought my vlog
Ron and I didn't vlog by the way we just
took Reggie for a walk and now it's time
for him to eat dinner you're a good boy
he's also a hungry boy get your dinner
Reggie look at how orange I look okay um
you just got a fresh fake candle no I
didn't um so as on and I are off to see
a movie a wonderful movie raining you
can't really tell and it's so windy so
so windy really it actually is so windy
though like when we were like coming
along here coming along here the trees
were like I thought they're gonna blow
out of themselves what does that ring
say no to themselves anyway we're going
to see a movie called the room and I
know like the vague premise of it but
I've heard amazing reviews about it so
we weren't really doing anything tonight
and we thought we'd go see a movie so
that's what we're doing so we're
actually coming to see a movie in the
Mondrian which hotel I didn't know that
they did theater but they knew and it
smells like pop guard Reggie Green says
that the stairs every single time we
come home it's the best feeling hello I
missed you too who he meets chick 2 for
two hours longest two hours of our life
I know whoa oh look at him look at this
bloody dog he isn't beautiful he's just
the most amazing kind beautiful dog ever
I know all you are the daughter I think
your dog is the best but no you're all
wrong okay you're all wrong cuz this
what is the base he's the best whole
dogs are the best yeah but this one here
this guy right here hit a real bus get a
king isn't that right Reggie you're the
king Fair was so rude interesting movie
huh
quirky movie a like wasn't expecting
that at all like you can sorry I can t
say quirky no you're calling it quirky
and I just like an unusual movie for me
like because I wasn't like I didn't know
anything about it
the room title didn't like say anything
like you know I came out into it not
expecting like I've no idea wouldn't
even watch the trailer no no I wants to
try or anything so I was like oh my god
it's like a Josef Fritzl ask story like
situation so yeah I was I thought maybe
this would be like the comedy wasn't a
comedy yeah definitely not a comedy it
really like took you on an emotional
roller coaster though yeah yeah very
emotional but very enjoyable I really
enjoyed it like you know you're really
interesting great acting very good
acting there's a child actor in it and
he is like astounding for a child of
that age like really great acting you
know yeah I'm sad at times but you know
overall positive so like highly
recommend going to see that of my film
and they kept eating cereal in that film
that's not a spoiler alert but it really
like got me craving cereals ooh I'm
having some granola for dinner cuz we
haven't really had dinner yet and it's
now 8:30 8:30 granola time yeah I was
actually planning going to the gym
tonight because you know I should have
got this morning well after last night
antics I was like nah they don't know
but last night expanded yeah basically
like I went to a little partay whilst
Estee was getting her tattoo done and
the bath he was quite while so yeah but
I was at that we wish both were very
tired this morning so and then we spend
the whole day filming so yeah it's gonna
be busy with that hmm yeah unfortunately
I'd like closes really early I think 8
o'clock is really early for a gym to
close first but it is Saturday night it
is Saturday night but like I'm just like
I just used to I don't know it's how he
used to but I was once a member of a
24-hour gym three years ago and that was
a beautiful thing I love the idea beyond
so I get you know five one day listen if
I want to squat 4 o'clock in the morning
why can't I screw up for him
you know you squat your little life
way yeah I would love to but no I was
gonna go in not squats but this man can
squat
I love a squat love me school loves a
good squat yeah try that
I can't you squatting much a lot of
weight but my tech my form is great
you're like dribbling over here no I'm
good thank you
um yeah can you squat
would you like squatting mm-hmm yeah I
died you doing barbell squatting oh no
no no you know the answer to this no
he's just trying to bring it up because
you hates that I don't
yeah stay doesn't barbell squat get over
it just Goblin squats that's right it's
not true yeah and the hex bar oh yeah
hex well thank you for existing and
being a positive human in this world um
if rumors in the cinema anywhere near
you oh so you watch it for sure yeah
it's really good no um peace out from
tide me and a granola stay and if I'm a
very sleepy big beautiful the best doc
in the world right hello and welcome
back to another episode of on the mind
our weekly weekly I say that sparingly
because we never actually do ever every
single week our weekly
