hello and welcome back to another
episode of on the mind our weekly weekly
I say that sparingly because we never
actually do it every single week our
weekly sorry my earring was falling out
my week our weekly what would you call
this video so whatever is on our mind
we're gonna discuss now we had a little
situation last night would it indeed and
the situation was that we had nothing to
talk about with one another yeah we've
been together for a very long time six
and a half years to be exact and after
six and a half years you find that
you've covered pretty much everything
that there's possibly to talk about
everyone yeah sometimes you know after
you've done watching TV or whatever you
switch off the TV show and then you're
just like yeah so we started looking up
conversation starters and we thought it
would be fun to UM conversation start
with each other yeah okay keep
conversations start would be right now
what's your favorite number I don't know
is it five is it 80 is 313 I have no
idea seven that's mine
well I mean there's only like tend to
choose from so no there's not there's an
infinite number to choose what's a
favorite number 420 214 because that's
the beginning of Pi I think it's true
quite wonderful I know that that's just
you know making the point anyway - Evan
what's yours you can't believe me I
can't believe that what is a
controversial opinion you have I love
this one I have a lot of controversial
opinions like one I can say that's not
going to cost too much controversy well
I tweeted something the other day that
was controversial I hate the Big Bang
Theory TV show I do not like it at all I
don't think it's funny I do not think
that it should be getting much attention
as it does I do not think that
just each of you in TV it's all he hates
the show for the record I do too
yeah I don't hate it like I can watch it
he can't even watch it but like I don't
really find it that's funny
why you don't hate anyone as much as I
do no but I like Sheldon whatever that
shows on it like he just irritates me
Azlan just farted with his hands fYI if
you had to change your name what would
your new name be I've recently loved the
name Winnie what were you gonna say no
yoga at home father you know just Winnie
lalangue we're having this go sighs the
other day we really like the name Reggie
for a human not just a dog like if we
ever to have kids like and the boy could
be named Reggie cool name yeah like to
have your name is reg people can be
ready yo reg so maybe I'll change it
range
has anyone ever saved your life yes once
like I was already have a once like in a
life-and-death situation when I was a
stupid young kid a young little stupid
idiotic boy I decided to jump into a
river not knowing how deep was going to
be and it could not be quite a lot
deeper than I thought and I was
essentially drowning yeah yeah and thank
God my dad saw what happened and he
pulled me out Wow but I was like I was
like under the water for a good like 25
like seconds or so and you know how
that's a long time yeah yeah and you get
my panic like you know you like oh no
whatever so it was like I had like that
intense like feel like
died about 10 seconds or so wow that's
scary and that never leaves you no yeah
that's what I mean that's the only time
when I felt like you know that and every
time I fly I've never really been in
like a death situation I mean I feel
like people saved my life all the time
but not like actually working you know
mentally people saved my life one more
one more let's see pick a good one here
good what animal or insect II wish
humans could eradicate thanks I'm
frickin terrified of snakes
wasps I don't wish they could but just
for the purpose of this just makes the
beautiful animals like you Oh beautiful
animal wasps you know you don't need the
wasps to pollinate and get the beasts
upon me once they're just assholes it's
simple the nature's asshole what is
something that is popular now that
annoys you now I know one thing that's
popular something that's really popular
now that annoys you and we have the same
answer for this okay I don't know why
those freaking things that people stand
on and around
I freaking hate this self balancing
scooter
okay the hoverboard by the way if you
call it a hoverboard you obviously don't
have eyes cuz it's not hovering yeah
they are quite annoying and it's only
made more annoying than the fact that
every single YouTube in the world has
one and is this like they do yeah pretty
much like basically we I think them
because there's this really creepy guy
at the gym who has one he's not even
know he's just like curious he's a weird
person and he rides it to the gym into
the change room I've seen him do that
and it just gets on my nerves
it's so sad like you know okay I
understand technology advances and some
things are good like you know but we do
not need those like that's not a benefit
to humans like you know to have those
okay if you work in a warehouse and you
like you to carry heavy stuff all day I
could see how that's useful in that
application but like just to take you
from your house which is probably like
five minutes away to the gym you don't
need a self-balancing board
another question that we've been asked
is what do you think of kids with their
cell phones and their whosits in their
whatsits
I don't know about the whose's in the
websites with the cell phones yeah I
mean like what is even the acceptable
age so the foot like just plain old
phone no like smart functionality just
like a mobile phone any any sort of
description oh man that was like three
four years ago for me I with internet
access
yeah you had a black when you're in high
school yeah I had a blackberry when I
was like 16 17 okay Internet access what
had BBN it's a PBM does it it didn't
have like Google yeah but before that
was your friend before that razor razor
classic that's a good one that the raise
is a great phone like it's still like it
looks great like if you ever see one
really lifelike that's a really nicely
designed I still love the razor
okay before the race what was your first
one Halloween I was 11 no I was 13 13
and it was the one before the Motorola
RAZR I stayed true to Motorola for a
while yeah I was 12 12 or 11 I think
yeah and I got a that indestructible
Nokia 3310 or whatever it is called like
you know the blue one with the two
little buttons on the side and I used to
be pretty good at think but the thing is
right it's like now these kids get their
phones when they're like six the
internet well I don't think it's not
even necessary the phone I think like a
lot of kids like get on the iPad or
whatever like you know on a tablet I
like it even when they're like babies
like I'm talking like you know like a
year like kids will be playing with it
you know
we have kids when are you gonna give him
the phone well it's really difficult
because on the one hand like you don't
want them to get so caught up in the
whole like social media stuff and to the
kind of live a childhood without that
because there's like an innocence that
you know that social media kind of
destroys and on the other hand you don't
them to become so like technological
idiot that we have a friend who doesn't
even know how to email and his name is
Emil he doesn't know how to set up I was
like what did you set up when you Gmail
he's like you don't know so that's two
ends of the spectrum yeah you don't want
to so where's the fire I don't know like
I think the first time you have an
independent smartphone I think 13 13 is
that yeah I haven't but like by the time
they might be so small I might be
freaking embedded in your sunglasses
your glasses something they might be
like microchips in your freaking brain
man yeah speaking of people who use
their phones too much Kanye West had a
little situation yes this week for those
who don't know I don't know I've been
living under a rock but Kanye West had a
major freakout at Wiz Khalifa when Wiz
Khalifa didn't even do anything
I like the way with gleeful looks tall's
he's weaned he's very slim yeah tall
he's like almost like cool younger
version of I don't know yeah I agree
he's got the same hair and like energy
yeah I think he does too
he seems like a really like chilled back
anyway basically Kanye West is releasing
an album he was calling it swish he
renamed it to waves okay
and there was Khalifa is like hey listen
up you haven't made up the wave concept
this other rapper made up the wave
concept and in a twit twit listen we
don't go through every video anyway so
um and then Connie basically freaked out
because was said hit this K can become
yourself and Kanye thought it was Kim
Kardashian
it wasn't it was Khalifa's cush cush is
weed yeah that's what you mean of we
he's got his own strain away because you
like to the party
I'm currently freaked out because he
thought you meant Kim Kardashian he went
on a huge Twitter rampage
long story short Amber Rose mentioned
something that Kanye West likes to be
tantalized around the anus yes yes there
is a news play which when I heard about
it I thought to myself who cares yeah I
mean I think everybody forgot not Kanye
though because when he thought that he
obviously thought holy shit that did
happen and I really have to jump on this
really quick to make it so obviously
didn't happen and reply to this and most
aggressive way possible on Twitter
straight away no no no no you can't say
that it happened no I can't say that it
happened but the way the fact that he
replied on Twitter like almost instantly
and the so strongly his Twitter was like
you know X's be jealous just so you guys
know I definitely don't do that stuff
I definitely don't let anybody go near
that area definitely not That's not me
cuz like you know for some reason even
though Kanye like is really progressive
in his like clothing and his attitudes
like other things somebody still is
completely conservative about the idea
of a straight man being able to enjoy a
new split and we're conservative to say
a noose not even Davis yeah so where
does that put us I don't know but yeah
that whole thing was pretty funny wasn't
it get it that whole thing anyway I
found the whole thing hilarious I wants
to unfold live I I love Kanye I'm just
gonna throw that when your hair did the
mix but yeah I found it a little odd and
it makes him you know what it makes him
more lovable because it shows that he's
a loner would in that way like you know
he's still that little like he's a
little bit childish like you know like
you make a little bigger hair like that
and if it hits home he's like no no I
just imagine Kim laughing her ass off
you think so yeah no no she'd be like oh
god yeah definitely I won't tell you
I'll let you do that I mean I do that to
you don't worry I'll keep quiet about
this
anyway we are gearing up to watch the
Kardashians in a couple hours so yeah so
we'll see if they make comment on that
there which they obviously want because
this was filmed once ago so I thought
you know it'd be nice to end this off
with a little viewer interaction and
maybe every week who can end off like
this first world problem of the week
where I tell you first of all problem I
had and perhaps a stay was to a sheriff
s all problems she had and you guys can
leave in the comments down below
your first of all problem of the week my
first of all problem of the week is the
night before yesterday or last night
remember a couple nights ago
we ordered Nando's take away and I had
accidentally also ordered a little
dessert little custard cake why
accidentally oh yeah it was an accident
it wasn't it we didn't mean to order it
basically yeah but it came it was like a
little surprise as I go this is great
after I have my two hundred chicken
wings I'll have custard cake and as I
was bringing the custard cake up to my
face and bit into it I noticed it smells
a lot like it has a very tasty fried
grilled chicken not fries with grilled
chicken you know
and I it's a major issue for me because
when you get a dessert you do not want
it that's all ever to taste like grilled
chicken no there's no there's nothing
you can do to grilled chicken to make a
dessert you know yeah so that's a major
you know thing that pissed me off and I
feel like if you're listening there
Nando's try and implement some sort of
system separate bag a little baggie just
for the dessert so the what is a great
taste and smell grilled chicken doesn't
penetrate you know mm-hmm that's my
issue
and my first world problem of the week I
don't want to share because it's so
stupid I have a plant upstairs that
hangs from the ceiling and every time I
try to water it the water leaks
everywhere on the floor that's not it it
is more to this cell tell the whole
story
it doesn't okay it doesn't move on to
the floor it goes on to my jewelry tray
did you retrain jury tray much ugh
so all this dirty plant water falls all
over my jewelry and listen it's not even
about the jury okay it's just the fact
that there's water everywhere it's the
fact that it's like I have to clean up
the jewelry tray every time I try to
water that frickin planet and I've tried
everything of this plant yeah well you
might have to start doing is you might
like plug the hole babies plug don't get
corny about that yeah well I don that
you guys let us know what your class
well problem is and yeah we'll see you
next week bye hey guys we're starting a
new series here on the vlog Channel and
we had a little brain wave over
Christmas if you you probably saw this
on snapchat we're doing a new series
called on the mind what's on these minds
that we want to discuss
