hey guys we're starting a new series
here on the vlog Channel and we had a
little brain wave over Christmas if you
you probably saw this on snapchat we're
doing a new series called on the mind
what's on these minds that we want to
discuss for you yeah yeah maybe it'll be
like we're hoping perhaps a regular
series out of this weekly perhaps weekly
we don't know we'll see but basically
covering whatever we've seen experienced
in the past you know length of time
since the last basically yeah just
talking about whatever's on the mic
really it's in a title it's pretty
self-explanatory it does what it says in
the team where the tins yeah you're
reading it
what's on your mind this week so we okay
listen let's not fake it we were
planning on talking about making a
murderer yeah and I think we still are
well I I just think it's like is it old
news at this point or do you want to
keep rehashing and rehashing this well
it's not old news because it isn't man
at least perhaps two innocent people are
in jail no I'm with you yeah I'm totally
with you on this go no I just mean like
we've done all the talking we can
possibly do about this it's now time to
act on our feelings here yeah what can
we do if you haven't seen making a
murder it's a ten-part series
documentary series on Netflix watch it
like drop everything right now
sit away 10 hours of your life and watch
it yeah it's it's pretty crazy I don't
want to give away any spoilers so maybe
you should kind of explain what it's
about basically it's about an innocent
man who was accused of a crime well you
don't know if he's innocent
oh sorry it's about a man who was
initially accused of a crime and then it
turns out he didn't do that crime and
then he is actually accused of another
crime by the same police department in
the same place and it's like was this
was he guilty of this crime
not because the circumstances seem
pretty suspicious and that will be a
vast miscarriage of justice and you get
all angry about it yeah so anyway if you
haven't seen it
make sure you see it he didn't get a
fair trial in our pigeon you know and
what after doing like so much research
what is there to do about all this Obama
said he can't do anything about it
yeah there was I mean stupidly there was
a White House petition there and the
petition was like basically like
President Obama pardoned these two men
right and like if anybody knows anything
about US law like the person who did it
always didn't do any sort of research
into it because Obama can't part of them
because like murder in the states is a
state crime so president aka
a non state official pardon stay crime
like and he can't do that
so the petition really should have been
asking the Department of Justice to look
into this specific trial whether there's
any miscarriage of justice being carried
out that's what the petitioner to me and
there is actually a petition now set up
asking this bomb of Justice to do that
but that's only got like 5,000
signatures last time I checked oh okay
and it means like needs like $100,000
for Obama to respond to it oh but all
the moment has been now lost so it's
like you had that one chance and you
 it up with doing a stupid like
well we'll leave the link to the new
petition down you want a subpoena if
you're in the u.s. please sign it oh we
can't sign it you have to have a u.s.
zip code moving right along to another
topic which I have nothing to say right
now well I'm so glad we planned this out
guys Oakland is a big planner he likes
to plan everything I like to just go
with the flow
no nope like it's this idea okay we
talked about this is on my mind the
definition of planning that a state has
in her mind is like so far away from
what the actual like having like a
thorough detailed plan versus having a
rough like bullet point of what you're
gonna talk about like you know I can't
do my best work when I feel scripted
scripted
said let's let's think of like three or
four topics we would talk about it would
have been literally four bullet points I
was like okay making a murderer and I
know something else we can do yeah okay
next topic we got screwed yeah amazingly
we we bought into like the sad little
annoying people that we are we bought
into this major fad so over New Year's
were in New York and we were you know
hanging out in Williamsburg you know
that area guys it's a pretty hip and
happening area we're pretty cool okay so
you were hanging out there we walk past
the shop called mast brothers chocolate
or if you're American mass mass brothers
okay fanatical if mass brothers and so
who won best mass brothers and it was a
really cool shop we went in there and we
kind of heard about the brand before I
was like you can like buy this crap in
Whole Foods
it's like hipster chocolates and she's
like it's like chocolate it has a cool
little like tumblr label on it whatever
but we walked past the shop and it's a
really cool space its massive and
there's like even like a part in the
back where they were like like swirling
chocolate melted chocolate around it and
it seems legit yeah I don't even say the
word legit and then I'm just it's coming
all everywhere well you were too legit
to quit in that show you bought like a
chocolate bar so basically I bought
eight or six I think was six I bought
six of the many many chocolate bars
because I thought how much could little
literally two bites of chocolate cost I
was thinking they might be two dollars
each well the Moss Brothers lost a shaft
you don't they they shafted us because
it was like $35 but we were there and I
was like this better be good I was like
yeah I mean okay if you're in the area
go and visit this show because the shop
was actually pretty cool like you can
see the guy like picking up individual
beans and whatever but a parent that
soldiers for shows the real drama of
this llama is that someone left a
comment on our video when we were there
saying did you know Moss Brothers Arkham
fake so apparently what they do is they
buy like commercial-grade French
chocolate and then just melt it down and
then just reform it into mass brothers
bars and slap on a like nicely
designed label and up the price by like
times 10 and sell it so basically we
were eating like Sainsbury's basic
chocolate so the price of like lottery
yeah I mean apparently they started off
by and they actually claimed initially
and they still do claim I think that
they're like a really small hand made
small batch like chocolate manufacturer
but at the initial stages that wasn't
the case at all up and they were just
literally - like all that chocolate was
like remelted chocolate okay and then
they got enough money to kind of be a
middle-aged sort of brand and then at
that point there's not a making some
like small batch chocolate but at that
point all the critics manner just like
slammed it for being terrible and now
they go I think I think they've gone
back to making remoulded chocolate so
anyway I just feel like we were a little
bit duped in this situation to me
Moss Brothers if either of you are
watching this policeman see nice day can
we be sued for this is this slander I
mean it could be defamation but there is
enough hey there's quite a few media
articles about us so you know we're
basing this on the serious research I
don't know if it's true and the
chocolate did taste really good
we're not hundred percent sure if it's
true so guys do your own research
Leila's Palin I need like a lawyer so I
can just make sure but yeah I mean I was
a little bit shocked at that article it
was yeah it was it was shocking so we
bought into that and basically we're
buying basics chocolate top mask
the first on the mind has a lot of anger
in it okay and I promise not all of them
are gonna be like that but I think we're
gonna wrap it up for now because we just
did a lot of ranting right there some
real hard-hitting stuff we went to
actual you know a court case that
actually matters because someone's in
jail who potentially shouldn't be
to getting screwed over by yeah and our
cheese melted chocolate brand well
anything else you wanna mention anything
else on your mind so going forward
please please leave some comments down
below and give us some material because
clearly we are we're floundering here
but just get used to it because that's
how these videos are gonna be if we're
gonna film them weekly yeah leave
suggestions about what you think we can
talk about down but what's on your mind
let's mirror that and then we'll talk
about it yeah in the crutch bar see you
the next one bye I do not want to call
it the crotch bar anymore
