okay before this video starts just a
little warning that I did not check what
the positioning was of this video before
I recorded it and there's a lot of thigh
going on a lot of man thigh lot of man
groin so in moments where it is
particularly unsightly and uncomfortable
to witness I may choose to go ahead and
place various emojis over the top of the
concerning areas okay thank you enjoy
the video
hello everybody welcome back to the Q&A
this is our third one this year I
believe is it I don't know something
like that really yeah I think so if
you're wondering what this is right here
this is not a Beaver's tail or a furry
sexual toy this is just the microphone
it had to be in the shot just ignore
that I know Todd it looks something
strange but I've been slightly slacking
on the vlogmas vlog so I thought a fun
and easy way to do another one would be
a Q&A that's where you write the
questions and we provide the answers my
brother's making pizza favourite
February of 2016
that's from Shannon hmm I think for me
definitely going to the beach house in
the summer that's what I was gonna say
Oh sucks that you didn't get in there
first doesn't it
so yeah the going to this lovely beach
in the summer with Reggie he just loved
it he transformed into his alter ego
route regis and he was just a bit more
spunky a bit more you know I would say
like like a bad boy out there yeah and I
liked when we went back a couple of
weeks ago yeah that was good as well
just basically any time where we've been
at the beach what is your favorite
chapter in bloom bloom is my book by the
way if you haven't already ordered
Amazon I have a link down below sexual
toy see I told you to get easily
confused favorite chapter okay
don't think here um I think my favorite
chapter is one about friendships okay
because I know that for you was quite
difficult right you know yeah so I felt
like you really discussed that a lot
with me and I could truly understand
where you were coming from okay I'm in
like such a giggly mood I can't take
that seriously but yeah that's a good
one sexual toy what is something you're
looking forward to in 2017
going to Japan definitely that is
happening in April and we're counting
down the days just generally traveling
more so we have made that a New Year's
resolution so we'll hopefully be seeing
a lot more the world I would love to go
to a country I've never been to before
Japan is one of them but maybe another
yeah current favorite youtubers to watch
I'm loving Kerry rad I'm loving my
friend Ariel Bessette who I just did a
collab with on my main channel
I'm loving a lot of informational
channels recently there's a guy called
Wendover productions who I love he makes
excellent kind of interesting videos for
people who love to find out fun and
interesting facts what about that
Russian guy was rushing day i watch many
russian guys okay well what was your
last argument about not including the
one about turning on your data don't see
the one we just had today yeah no I'm
gonna mention say we had an arguably fog
uhin this morning whereas stave was
convinced that I stole her iPhone 7
headphone adapter even though it
basically I stay thought that I went
into her handbag took her phone adapter
thing and then put it onto my set of
headphones and then kept them denying it
when she said when she said is mine it
just seemed interesting that you just
knew where yours was yeah cuz I keep
on my headphones so do i but mine were
on my headphones yours weren't on your
headphones guys don't open up the can of
worms again
did you believe in Santa when you were a
kid so funny story didn't grow up in the
Western world so I did not have Santa
had a lovely chap called ded Moroz which
is like granddad frost or father Frost
for all you USSR kids out there great
great times and he had like a little
sidekick called snegurotchka which was
his life nigga rich guy yeah was a cute
name Jewish girl who does that mean she
she was like the the hot young thing
that was helping ded Moroz deliver all
the presents and stuff yeah why don't
you ever call me sneaky old rich guy new
rich guy yeah yo my old English this
Christmas um oh let me the question did
I believe in him oh yeah uh yes I did
probably up until I was about six or
seven how excited are you for Ed
Sheeran's musical return they don't
realize that she was having a musical
which I did not realize he went away
because his music is constantly playing
yeah everywhere um well I mean I'm more
excited about James Blunt's musical
return in 2017 he made an excellent
witty tweet about that he can be able to
love a lot of love for that those funny
any habits you want to break in 2017 um
sure
not bite my nails anymore that's a good
one I have been suffering with that for
the last 27 years of my life um but I'm
not perfect you know as for me uh any
habits I want to break maybe not eating
my weight in double cheeseburgers every
other day okay maybe don't put that in
very hormonal at the moment
okay my brothers like um what's your
favorite book of all time ever
yeah fictional I think it has to be the
all - II
either that or hard darkness more the G
okay
my favorite book of all time
I don't know I really liked a little
life stays read that very recently and
she does love it but I don't know if you
it can be your favorite book of all time
if you just read it so you gonna let it
percolate settle yeah what Spice Girl
did you relate to as a child and who do
you relate to now um I personally really
like Scary Spice because she was the
least liked and I knew maybe like me I
everyone always said I was sporty spice
but I don't know why cuz I was never
sporty us Bodie just in an interesting
way I think it's like once somebody said
that I I was seeing sporty cuz I was
always in sportswear but it was really
the only thing that's it I love ginger
though how do you think others first
perceive you um not terribly well is my
honest answer to that question I think I
come off as a bit of like slightly
self-assured arrogant why know-it-all
yeah pretty much
piece of crap but in reality you are a
know-it-all twat what do you think
people think when they meet me I think I
think loud smiles a lot lot obnoxious
American yeah very good
I think so a lot of things so I think
it's very easy to like you and when you
first meet it the problem is that I have
is it's easy for me to get people to
like me it like from right off the bat
it's hard to get people to keep liking
me we're like you guys ever do you plan
on marrying that's a good question tiara
about next question last question what
is the best quality and the worst
quality about
beside you the best quality you're very
empathetic the worst quality is
sometimes you it's difficult for me to
convince you the value in an idea is a
diplomatic way of saying stubborn ok
best quality there's so many best column
so I gotta go with the worst quality
first worst quality he's not great at
like explaining things I'm a terrible
teacher yeah and I will get frustrated
if somebody doesn't understand something
as quickly as I do
which is fast if you haven't got it um
so yeah I'm not a very good teacher of
things so yeah that's but the best
quality is I feel like you actually have
such a good heart and you would
genuinely do anything for somebody else
my shirts on backwards I think he would
really do anything for somebody else
like you really would anything not
anything but I feel like you would you
would give this shirt off your back so
there you go thank you thank you for
he's not a good one yeah that only took
about 20 minutes think of that anyway
guys that's it we're gonna wrap it up
hope we enjoyed this and I hope you
enjoyed seeing me at not showered or
dressed anyway Merry Christmas Happy
Hanukkah happy holidays whichever is the
appropriate for you we will be vlogging
on Christmas Day which is tomorrow yep I
think um get ready cuz my family my
family though they're great especially
uncle skip
skip great guy let's get anyway bye
you
