mr. what are you doing what are you
doing mister you have to know good
you have to know good here
honestly he is the favorite thing about
having me
he's just so fluffy and so God thank you
yeah I've been freaking love Louie
this is such a nice little guy the thing
about him hey champ little champ you are
perfect boy yeah he's like a you on the
vlog they've probably never seen him
with this long
yeah thanks braking like it looks like a
teenager going through the growing phase
you know yeah yeah um screw you mom and
dad
yeah I'm cutting my hair long anyway
he's my favorite thing and we're about
to hit up my second for everything bad
Canada cuz we came in - Timmy ho ho's
timmy ho ho's Timmy ho ho he gave me a
celebration to work here we're doing her
huh
oh yeah Louis is like what's going on
really practicing wait working guys and
I'm getting pretty good let's go yeah
very nice Luce you want to come too oh
you want just a sausage biscuit yeah so
Mary's doing some Christmas prep because
it's Christmas Eve so we've got the
stocking filler stocking filler even
right there now we got the the soup so
yeah driver take me to Tim Hortons let's
go
as I said to stay inside juice based and
not even more peasant I repeated it okay
let's make sure you go ahead and st.
right side of the road yeah it's don't
kill us please
it's Christmas Eve pan it is a beautiful
beautiful day guys I just want to say
fresh Canadian maple and maple dips have
come out and I will be getting those
momentarily go to the side don't you
know how to Morton's works you go to the
side pick up your drinks and your order
don't make this cut water yo no they
don't but def I didn't want to have a
bagel belt no they don't know what it is
out there because our attitude of
cheddar biscuits cheater eat eat eat L
know this is blue yeah I don't know okay
oh my god it actually works I can go eat
hello this is the bagel melt actually
looks amazing on everything bagel it's
the one is another one it's the major
key to a successful day you're not a
honey cruller done with that I got this
breakfast sandwich and a hash brown and
I will be getting my tea delivered
apparently fresh cup of steeper it's
gonna be sitting right there
act casual clip before I plug my
snapchat I just want to point out this
sugar encrusted home button for my honey
crudo donut I don't know if you guys
know this but I've been snap chatting
recently and a few people have said it's
actually pretty funny and enjoyable to
them so if you're interested you can add
me here I am the underscore lines main
lines main with a zero that is again the
underscore lines main lines with zero so
if you're up for it - you can then
follow me yeah
I've never met a man who snapchats as
much as the lion's mane
his stories are about two and a half to
three hours long we just had that longer
than Cabot know but as long as dj khaled
and they are hilarious I absolutely love
his snapchat but it is a bit irritating
and that's what a lot you'll see me in
the background is being like stop that's
it but they're really good fun
sorry I just took way too long to stare
at my own and have they were just
chilling here to Martin still it's been
about an hour now and we're loving life
and we're just talking about how we have
literally nowhere to be and this is this
is the joy of Christmas little joy I'm
having literally nothing to do but
she'll head out and I think we can all
appreciate that in life now considering
getting another sandwich and I'm
considering getting six Donuts to go
what I say that it is Christmas time you
don't need to worry about that calories
don't exist in December as I found out
this morning when I put myself on the
scale and I weighed 10 pounds more than
the last time I weighed myself so I'm
not not stressed about it I'm loving it
loving it I'm just eating all the food
that I love to eat and I'm enjoying
myself and this is good food this is
what Christmas spirit what's up so me
and my main partner he my partner and
Sarah have been to one crime scene of
Tim Hortons
and she has determined that the
doughnuts were not of the quality that
she is designed that's not true
excuse my nothing they were good they
were fresh they were that was the best
maple dip doughnut I
okay she's determined that she liked to
try the donuts in another place called
Zaire's because folklore has it that
sometimes their possessions the greatest
donuts upon this earth and we have been
there you know we've been there many a
times never actually happened so ever
happy doughnut we're hoping for a
Christmas miracle upon this Christmas
Eve and heading to his heirs for the
greatest donuts on this earth pot are we
in the right location we praying we
praying are we praying we praying let's
see oh my god hello are they here there
oh Jesus okay okay how excited I'm
trying to keep it okay so the young
gentleman just restocks
Yuri up the shelves and they're pretty
full so I can't believe this and I
finally have one of these oh my good one
of these and one of these or that what
cronut okay go for and
and you join along dawn yeah I want
along John and then maybe just like a
normal economic dip no no glaze
okay okay it is now much much later your
the vlog mom gave here looking like this
so it is much much later and is my mom's
hot here mom she is looking flying fresh
at all times
mm-hmm I test i test to that but anyway
enough about looks and well let's get on
about the cookies yeah it's Christmas
even Christy tradition is the lawn
family makes sugar cookies and I just
want to tell everybody the reason why we
haven't vlogged for about six hours is
because I was doing it with a my theme G
she's doing a Duda dude a deunan I had a
very good life which is now completely
gone so the party is back on
is it really completing on yo coming on
oh wow a six donut migraine yeah it was
a bit of sugar
chin rush yeah so let's get on with the
cooking waken why are you holding your
fingers like that this is a family
recipe a part of it need to be kept
secret look very good okay so we are not
making buttermilk we're making sugar
cookies and as my mom is written these
are the best calm we love ask these are
the best and I'm gonna try to give you
guys nothin secret duh there's the
recipe bake at 350 but keep close eye so
you can screenshot that take a look okay
so I've never seen anything like this
before in my life this is by lactates
yeah and look at this my grandma's
favorite butter it's in a box and when
you take it
it comes in corners that is actually
kind of cool so I wonder if like oh yeah
this is one regular thing of butter in
England that we get or know a little bit
bigger little bigger but yeah and these
are already softened pre softened which
is the key and we got all this other
stuff going on to some oh comfortable
I'm doing this yeah we will actually
cook easily spread out great series how
many peeps does know that's a Hoff take
a little bit less than oh no no no no
got off in a bed in the van box right
out the back they'll fail you have to be
so exact you're gonna have to put this
in here you're gonna scoop that's how
you do it
tensions are running high here as would
be in these no really that is y'all you
talkin add one ingredient these people
don't know when you're but mom like what
you do here is there's two third you
squash it down I a correct so that's two
here back up right there yeah so there
you go now that we sorted up the butter
fiasco we're rolling
just beat it beat it four tablespoons no
teaspoons teaspoons of Isis even funny
yeah do not underestimate the power of a
dull sometimes in life you're gonna feel
like you're struggling you're gonna feel
like you can't push through but you can
push through
you just gotta up your strength and your
Handia and up can I lick the beaters
with what looks like they're eight eight
can I lick believe it oh just do it lick
it
you know you want to I do I do I do I'll
do it just going go on go on
oh you discuss the animal oh god why
would you do okay now what let me try
this get a little bit yeah no they must
salt less salt yeah mom you want to try
this I've been going you don't want it
you follow the recipe it's gonna work no
you know what it says licking the
beaters it means like once you've taken
the beaters off and cleaned everything
off the beatings yeah yeah that's what
the joke was is he okay we have now
moved on to the rolling stage mom is
doing some last-minute wrapping because
she's a little bit behind schedule
and I will bring you back to the kitchen
island where a lot of stuff is going
down a little bit of slop head is that
the same rolling pin we've had since we
were kids
because it makes the same sound a
cookie update everyone has lost interest
and I am left to finish the job so I
made some icing it is butter and icing
sugar and a little bit of vanilla oh
I didn't put the vanilla in oh thank god
um so yeah I've just been icing these
ones and as you can see I've got a
little swirl pattern because the first
batch I did was pink and I just mixed in
some blue and I got a couple swirls so
they're not like the most Christmassy
cookies but I like the colors alright
guys it is about 8:30 p.m. and we are
wrapping it up for the evening but
really it's like that's like 1:00 1:30
a.m. UK time we're still kind of
jet-lagged but yeah had a nice Christmas
Eve day very lazy and good so tomorrow's
Christmas we'll see you soon I hope
you're all having a great month and I'll
see you soon bye
