good morning everyone oh my god you can
see the happiness in my eyes I can put
my sunglasses on I am here on my balcony
and it is absolutely gorgeous so I slept
in and so did Amelia and it's just great
the sole purpose that well I don't know
about Amelia but for me I just needed an
actual vacation and I know I travel a
lot but I feel like I haven't had a
vacation in about four years because I'm
either like doing I'm like on the go I
haven't been on like a beach vacation
maybe ever maybe like once when I was 15
it's just so nice I feel so relaxed I
feel like I've really recharged
recharged recharge my batteries yeah so
it's just so amazing to sleep in and
just have a nice leisurely morning and
just do what I needed to do and chill
and read my book see out here on the
balcony anyway as you can see I got my
bathing suit back on I'm ready to hit
the ground running we are going to the
beach and I think we have one of the
cabanas today so we're going to go check
that out
yeah and I'm going to take loads of blog
pictures as well while I'm here so make
sure you check out my website in the
next few weeks because I'm going to have
loads of pictures I don't want to keep
this view for myself
what's so mean of me by now I've already
shown it but it's just like oh my god
you wake up and this is what you see at
you're way out of your window and it's
so warm and it's so nice and I'm just
gonna try to give you some of this
energy take it take it take it
okay a little update for you I have now
found our cabana and it wasn't at any
old beach with like three beaches over
like the biggest like the VIP
she doesn't get real over here there's
like a DJ breathe free cannot be fit
people anyway I'm going to wait till the
nearly gets here to order something I do
have a bucket of ice like have some
water such great
life right now is busy yeah a fruit
platter I already ate a lot of the
watermelon and a lot of the pineapple it
is so sweet and delicious I am just in
awe the bays finally arrived she is
loving life she got the fruit platter as
well
so we're just chilling and I think she's
gonna take some blog photos all right
babes I'm going swimming again
this water mo it's not that cold but
it's not that hot but I'm just going for
it lunch time I got a chicken wrap thing
which looks amazing I'm going to eat
that and I've also ordered a watermelon
juice and Amelia got a very healthy
looking salad as if we didn't have
enough we are now onto the 11 min sorbet
mmm back in the hotel room now it's a
little bit later it's like five o'clock
four o'clock something like that but I
just wanted to show you all these
hot-air balloons I'm gonna go out onto
the balcony I'm in my underwear but I'm
on holiday so nobody seems to care I'm
just hanging out my underwear um okay
look so the Sun is starting to set it's
so beautiful and all these little dots
oh that one that one that one that one
that one there hot air balloons I wish
you could see better but it's really
cool I couldn't imagine taking a hot air
balloon ride but it would be quite the
view anyway I'm gonna chill out for
about maybe like an hour - I'm gonna
finish editing a few videos and then
amelia and I are off to the mall I think
it's like one of the biggest malls in
the world or it's the biggest mo in the
world I'll research that and get back to
you but um yeah time to chill again just
heading out to go shoppin we're going to
the mall I know this lighting is not the
best well that's even worse anyway I
thought I'd show you what I'm wearing
I'm just super casual right now so I'm
wearing my same leather jacket for
maritza this like semi sheer silk blouse
from cause it's actually really long but
I talked to a bit of the fronton these
are my boyfriend jeans but they're
actually more like girlfriend jeans
because they're not super super loose
then these cute little sandals from a
sauce and down here is my bag this is a
pro Enza shoulder bag so yeah that is my
finished look I hope you like it now
we're gonna go shopping wait I always do
these weird noises don't know what they
mean so we've just made it to the mall
and it is we're kind of massive but I
just want to show you the directory
because there's a lot of stores here
Amelia and I are just walking around we
were just talking about how like clean
this mall is and how like it's just
Yujin
it's just like SHINee trying like
everything like it's just like touching
man anyway everything is so like
spacious and gorgeous and now Bailey
he's probably going to get a cupcake or
something I actually just audibly
dropped the f-bomb because this Sephora
is freaking massive oh my god
yes we are now I don't know no because I
don't have a clear mind found the
restaurant we're going to go to a place
called the social house but I just I'm
trying to breathe here because right
over here is Tim Horton and I knew that
Dubai had two important but I didn't
know if it was like the same I'm gonna
feel an open Saint but it looks the same
so after dinner we're going to go get
dessert important let's take a look at
this menu which is on this little thing
here which is cut cool a thing otherwise
there is a hanger they have like sushi
which I don't need sushi I'm afraid so I
don't need fish because I don't like it
and I'm also allergic to shrimp anyway
so I just ordered this peach iced tea
and I took a sip and I was like oh what
is that my mouth but it's what is that
my mouth not the first time I've said
that
anyway it just has a real piece of
peaches in it which is really yummy the
food has arrived and I'm a little
concerned because mine has leaves like
flakes of what looks a lot a lot like
skin
oh I don't know but anyway it's got an
egg here which looks good and rice YUM
so just order it at Tim Hortons and not
gonna lie I was pretty pissed off but
they doesn't have deep team so yes I've
been like anyway I got a choco chip up
in and ice cap and Amelia got a maple
tip now it were a Canadian maple
doughnut
yeah and so we're going to curate this
together there's no like Timbits or
anything but it's very cool right weird
to see this here okay Amelia's trying it
is it good you try and tell me
same-same
that's a no that's a no I'd have you
know how I feel about these
not the same but it's actually better
I'm impressed Simon Britt I've got so
many swatches on my hand and I picked up
a few little things in there at the
moment I'm currently looking at the Tom
Ford section I'm not actually getting a
perfume but I just wanted to show you as
when absolutely loves these purple
clones and his favorite one is tobacco
vanilla yeah that's his fave this
Sephora is in sane its massive and don't
you think the people been so helpful
yeah I'm not pushy but just like perfect
yeah just perfect this is the first time
I've ever tried on a pair of these Dior
sunglasses
I have no Amelia has them and they look
great on her but I've always been like I
hate these now they have them on I
actually love them uh-oh so we ran in
guatrau and amelia is about to make her
perfect palette and she says that it's
gonna get real in a few minutes here so
guys I had - had you had to make my own
palette well I didn't have to but I
really wanted to after seeing Amelia's
and seeing how fun it was so these are
all my colors that I'm gonna get there
perfect oh my god I'm so happy after a
glorious four hours in that mall I kid
you not for freaking hours it's not
midnight and you can tell Amelia and I
are really partying because we are gonna
organize our palettes like in the CAF on
the way back to the hotel both of us
were like you want to organize the
palette so we get back she's like I'll
come to your room so now that's what
we're gonna do
I kid you not this has taken us a good
hour we just say first of all it's a
hard to get some frickin things out of
the packaging we were like stabbing it
with this pen but anyway I think we're
there guys I think we're there oh so
this is my palette it is like when
Amelia when I just store she's like I'm
gonna make my perfect palette and I was
like I don't really want one and now I'm
looking at this like I did because you
just stare at this and it's like this is
makeup porn would you say like this is
me in a path like I don't you know when
you could get a palette in the store
and you hate one of the shades or like
two or three in your sights
this one's I'm never gonna use that one
I'm gonna use every single one Wow it'll
be interesting to see in like a year if
we've hit pan or whatever yeah Wow let
me see your palette then this is my baby
well then this one's wonky stress so
these are my shimmers these are my mats
these are like my smokey eye Matt these
are like my daily mattes and needs to
like my daily and like more night times
Wow
and then I don't know if I explained
this on my vlog but there's way more
info over on Amelia's vlog channel but
or her main channel is your vlog Channel
yeah channel anyway this orange color is
actually like a blending color and I
find that absolutely fascinating and I
still don't really understand it but
each mark yeah let's put these bitches
side-by-side let's name them
okay what's to rename them okay just
look at the difference in the colors
yeah that yours is so much cooler my
mobile she's like come where the golds
and I can't really where the golds and
oh my god that's stunning stunning let's
call this one Bay one Bay to creative is
two o'clock in the morning I just washed
my face it's really red for some reason
don't know why
I'm very sleepy I was going to show you
all the makeup and stuff that I bought
but I don't think I have the strength
hey I'm going to show you tomorrow
morning but um it'll still be in this
vlog so you'll see in the next clip but
I mean for now I'm going to bed
good morning bright and early today I
just got out of the shower and dry
shampoo the out of my hair I
actually think it looks pretty good um
gotta do my makeup when I've got my
little play suit thing on but I do that
up you know
anyway um thought I'd show you what I
got yesterday so you know all about the
Inglot palette but I'm gonna show to
again in the light of day honestly I've
never been so excited about a makeup
item in my entire life I don't think I
don't think I've ever like I honestly
went to bed like dreaming about it and
when Amelia went in I think I said this
but when she was like I want to get one
of these palettes I was like I would
never want that and I said she started
making it I was like I need that anyway
so let me just lay out all the other
products I got from Sephora actually
maybe I can just do it this way so I can
talk and unpack so the first thing I got
was the honest Asya illuminator this is
in the shade Riviera
I love highlighters everyone knows this
but the reason why I got this is because
I don't actually have a highlighter
that's this color um beautiful packaging
like that are you seeing this oh so
pretty it's like a beautiful
Goldy highlighter so it's like kind of
silvery but it's actually kind of gold
you know and I also got this honest Asya
or Anastasia I don't even know anymore
liquid lipstick and this is in the shade
blush she said this was the very last
one they had in the back and she brought
it out for me to look at it I was like
yes
I want that it's actually more pink than
I normally go but I just for some reason
I was like that is gonna brighten my
face up and excuse my nails they are
disgusting um but yeah it looks like
that oh it's so pretty she said this
color blush is like really hard to find
I don't know if this is like a you know
a big deal that I got this but she said
it was really hard to find I also got
another brow Wiz by
Anastacia I got the shade soft brown and
just cuz I needed one don't have one and
then this is a Kat Von D everlasting
liquid lipstick they didn't actually
have any of the shades I really wanted
but I ended up going with this one
because I liked it's called double dare
he's kind of like a muted coral and I
actually think I like this better than
the one I originally wanted which
obviously was Lolita which everybody
wants but yeah I'm excited to try that
and then I got a Marc Jacobs lipstick
was the last thing I love the Marc
Jacobs lipstick I got in the shade eat
cake I think it's called infamous just
gonna rip this open here okay oh it
actually looks different than the other
one but this is like an old-school
beauty all right here it's just like an
a nice everyday color so yeah and then
the piece de resistance this Inglot
palette just for reference that's my
head and that's how big this palette is
it's not big but it's not small for
instance here's my notebook that I
always have and it's about that big so
it's pretty pretty so it's there it's
there it's just like a little palette
these are all magnetic little things
here in the corner and just slide it off
like that just be careful and that is
what it looks like it is insanely
gorgeous and I basically just did like
my lighter shimmers darker shimmers the
darkest shimmers this is like what
Amelia and I call the rares these are
like the rare colors that you rarely use
but they're there I love that green
color and then my matte colors here so
oh my god it's just perfect to me it's
just absolutely perfect so there you go
anyway Amelia and I are going to go off
to brunch I'm just gonna actually do my
makeup first and then we're gonna go I'm
not going to vlog today and I'm not
going to vlog tomorrow um just because I
want to I want to actually just chill
out and just you know move slow but I
hope you guys enjoyed coming for the
first two days of my vacation I really
enjoyed the first part of it and I'm
looking forward to the second part of it
so I love you all
I hope you're having a great day and I
will see you in the next vlog bye by the
way if you're not following me on
snapchat make sure you do because I snap
all the time like I'm gonna snap today
and tomorrow and the next day in the
next day my username on snapchat is SE
underscore button kind of annoying
because I can't change my name but you
know just follow me on there because I
actually have a blast with snapchat a
blast I got blast anyway I'll see you at
the next one bye so this is the palette
oh hi you can see up my teeth okay all
right I'm getting delirious cuz I
haven't even for a while
I'm bad has like the most gorgeous
gorgeous colors I love this palette it's
so
