good morning all the way from Dubai I'm
so excited to be in Dubai right now you
have no idea I have had quite the
morning though because we and by we I
mean myself and Emilia
we flew overnight and it was like a six
and a half hour flight so it wasn't like
long enough to sleep but it wasn't long
enough to it was long enough to sleep a
little bit so when we got here was
actually like 4 a.m. UK time anyway long
story short I had a nap and I'm feeling
much better and Emilia is napping as
well and I'm texting her and the bay is
not waking up so we're in different
rooms I'm gonna call her on the phone on
the landline let's see
hang on eight one seven oh good I can't
read this person's writing oh I don't
know what the numbers are anyway in the
meantime I will do a room tour so we're
staying at the Atlantis Hotel which is
in same in the membrane it is so amazing
I can't even tell you so they invited
Emilia and I to stay in the hotel which
was so exciting we're so thankful for it
and it's just honestly this weekend is
just an actual vacation for myself and
Amelia so it's gonna be wonderful it's
just a girls trip I'm I'm so looking
forward to it
um I would get you a room tour but I'll
just give you room to run away for
complete mess because I am a mess so I
will start from the front
okay so you walk in here's the door and
you walk in and you see this and when I
was napping someone came and gave me
some complimentary fruit and
complimentary chocolates which is cool
so you walk in and then the bathroom is
here so the showers in here toilet this
is where I did my makeup and everything
hello
and then there's a bathtub which looks
into your bedroom which is super cool
hello again and then this is like the
main section so here's my messy suitcase
and all my stuff on the bed like this
and then there's a balcony which looks
onto this let's take a minute here
people let's take a minute and I think
we're gonna go for lunch as soon as
Amelie wakes up and then I really want
to go to the beach so I don't really
know what to do because she's not
answering so I'm gonna try to track her
down now so I'm in Amelia's hotel room
and she's higher she's on the 17th floor
and you can kind of see better what we
are looking at right now god it's
gorgeous
don't you just want to go to the beach
right now I was like okay gotta go
feel the sound in my - yeah I could I
was like looking out and I'm like
talking to my camera and I was like are
you sorry yes sorry cuz this is just
like look at all these people on the
beach are you gonna go in the water I'm
normally really scattered see tbh but
this looks like a pretty nice thing why
are you scared I just don't
I'll protect you I can't wait first
thing we do after brunch I am going for
a dip it looks really nice I'm not
scared if it's like I can walk in if
someone like talked to me and oh yeah
sharks bow yeah everything underneath
you them so we've made our way back to
the lobby but I just wanted to show you
what this Lobby looks like cause it is
I cannot get over this place look at
this sculpture in the middle made of
glass we're at this place called the
saffron and Emilia is just waiting at
the table while I get to go through the
buffets I guess I get a plate
um
well
I think I'll get this
as you can see I'm really sticking to my
healthy eating its beach time babes get
your towels we're going to the beach
feet are in sand oh my god okay you can
like take a watermelon juice
just woke up from a glorious now Oh
thought it was good thank you and now
we're getting ice cream oh I know you
got cotton candy oh my god what's this
you wait what do you get it just
chocolate and vanilla just wanted to
show you on my way back to the room
this little part of the aquarium there's
like loads of giant stingrays and other
types of fish if you can see over there
but there's actually a scuba diver it's
pretty cool I've never seen anything
like that in my life in a hotel
greetings again so it is a little bit
later and I just took a shower oh
there's so many mirrors in here you can
see me everywhere I took another shower
my second shower of the day because
after the beach I felt a little uh
crustacean II I just felt so dry and my
hair felt weird so I just took another
shower and I thought I'd show you what
makeup I've got on quickly so actually
this Lighting's not too bad so okay I'm
wearing a bit of this Chanel so light
and ish now I'm not going to go through
everything but I'll show you the major
players a little bit of the Estee Lauder
bronze goddess as well I'm filling the
bronze I am wearing my Charlotte Tilbury
wonder glow yeah that's what it's called
with my by Terry don't Solis foundation
I am wearing eyeshadow from this Becca
palette which I freaking love I don't
know what it's called it's called the
ombre Rouge eyeshadow I palette and I'm
gonna try to open this
bear with me have real problems opening
things there we go so this is the pallet
oh why you can see up my Pete okay all
right I'm getting delirious cuz I
haven't even for a while I'm bad has
like the most gorgeous gorgeous colors I
love this palette it's so compact and
perfect for traveling I just have a
little bit of lip balm on this is my
natural lip color which looks quite pink
right now in a while so I don't know if
I should go for like a bold lip like
this orange one or if I should keep it
kind of neutral with a slip gloss or if
I should go like kind of berry kind of
feeling this berry so we shall see what
I end up with I'll probably just end up
keeping my lip balm on like I normally
do um oh I'll show you my outfit - so
Amelie and I are going to go out for
dinner we're going to a restaurant
called Roberto's and one of you
recommended it on Twitter so thank you
very much for that we are gonna get a
cab I guess to get there okay so here is
my outfit to night I am wearing this
white crop top from monkey I'm wearing a
black bra with it because it's the only
bra that I brought wearing yeah
wearing this crop top and this skirt is
like a nice flowy one it's from a ritzy
ax oh sorry did I mention this is from
weekday I say monkey it's from weekday
and I'm bringing this leather jacket as
well so I can be a playa and wear it
like that and I'm wearing some heels as
well I think the restaurants semi fancy
so I'm wearing these heels which are
from Topshop
um yeah so that is my final evening look
honey so we've made it to the restaurant
called Roberto's I can't remember if I
said that before made it oh well we're
trying to find it now
so Melia and I are just giggling away
over here this restaurant I've kind of
annoyed I didn't did my makeup cause
it's so dark in here he wouldn't have
even noticed but it is gorgeous
I'm gonna pan over and a house you can
see it so there's loads of people over
there and there's my date for the
evening
Amelia he's looking gorge and no one
over here yet but yeah so I'm just
looking at the venue and thank you so we
were just looking at the menu Amelia's
got her flashlight
this is vlogger frogs anyway we just
can't wait I'm getting carbonara we're
getting like amazing artichokes Tartars
can't wait
all of them sorry Amelia's just vlogging
and I'm trying to vlog too we got double
mugging anyway the bread came to the
table and both of us were like yo homie
place like it's warm we're so hungry we
didn't actually eat that much for lunch
today so we're both just like bread
carbs by the way this is the bread I
mean wow Wow and look at these dips
I'm dying already
teenager
this is a cop Zarrella salad don't you
dare you know that we're splitting it
okay
carbonara
you know when you you know when you get
past at a restaurant and they like you
up pharmacy Ando on that and you're like
FBI do and then they come over with it
let me start grading it and so slowly
and it's like 10 minutes and ticket buy
and you're like keep go that's funny you
don't want to say be like that's good
but really want another three to four
good old parmiggiano guys check out this
amazing washroom it has like a little
changing tables that no not a changing
table like a Oh what do you call these
things like uh I can't think of the word
I'll try to write on the screen and yeah
very cool
very nice holy moly we got the apple
tart up in here oh my god a million I
got the same thing cannot wait back in
the hotel room that was honestly one of
the best meals I have ever ever had
stand up for me was the artichoke salad
and that was the best carbonara I've
ever had in my entire life it beats the
carbonara I had in Rome and that's
saying something um yeah so I'm just
texting Aslan he's just ordered some
Indian food for himself
so he's going to enjoy that and um yeah
not much else report I'm just going to
chill out take off my makeup and watch
some TV and relax because relaxing is
great my favorite thing to do so I I
think I'm gonna vlog tomorrow tomorrow
we're going to the massive mall in Dubai
so I'm really really excited for that
and yeah I'll see you tomorrow bye we're
in our room I think we should do a room
to it actually pretty cool check it you
coming through here the bathroom is very
nice it's bloody huge no this thing and
then this is I guess like a baby cot
