good morning everyone
as well as I are in the car because
we're going on the excursion of a
lifetime we're going to Portsmouth and
there is a lighthouse there and we're
spending the night and things could get
insane now asking spoons bring it but I
can't answer it kids cuz I ain't
hands-free
nope anyway I actually have been napping
the entire time taken about two hours to
get here
surprised and I fell asleep in the car
and as we just woke me up and I was like
and she was no this is like sleepy that
I like that best education
okay waking up at a moving car scary
thing so we've made it to the shopping
center parked the car and I'm just
following Iceland because he seems to
know where we're going so we just got
here we just made it yeah so that is
really really good parking situation is
crazy it was just like it was started
for fun but anyway might be a little
windy but we're heading down to the boat
and I think if I'm not mistaken here
pretty sure we're gonna be riding one of
these things
yay looks like we're boarding the Jenny
M yeah we all remember the last time I
was on a boat in Norway and I was
violently seasick and I'm already
feeling queasy
so goodbye Portsmouth hello cold harsh
Seas which is not us we're waiting for
the next one so we've left this for and
over there the distance is the one we're
headed to meanwhile on board what's
going on okay off the boat there and
we're now in the fort going for tracing
around the fort it's a beautiful sunny
day I think so a beautifully beautifully
sunny day look at this it feels like a
kind of prison slash
lighthouse perish thing
this very cool mayor
while we expecting this okay it's pretty
cool it's really nice and one side here
though
because the sun's just something we're
about to go on a fort or bleep the
excited to learn the history of the fort
this is the first lighthouse staircase
that have been - with padded carpeted
stairs
what is this fanciful I liked it to be
awesome I really patient where we are
when we sit in relations before the
other fortifications in and around so he
really condensed history of the fort
were you listening were you paying
attention
Queen Street like a street doesn't it
it's like you're kind of know outside it
and they say size doesn't matter but
look at this
38 ton a cannon what happened if I was a
match oh wow
Oh
we're in our room and they were to do a
room tour
actually pretty cool check it you coming
through here the bathroom is very nice
it's bloody huge no this thing and then
this is I guess like a baby cot fortune
there's no baby and what are you doing
it's very lies thank coffee where is it
where's the fireplace that's all that we
need to complete this you know and we're
losing focus
there we go way back so yeah pretty cool
blah blah blah oh my god you're like
look out mm-hmm so look into see I
thought this was a dome that was like oh
my god they've got a donut menu but it's
just a nice out there so look what's the
weather looking like looks bit blue and
windy but you're gonna say it's really
nice and warm inside the 40 very nice a
warm and cozy toasty
so before teatime were off exploring
before and look we're heading down to
the C bunker
ahoy there shipmates where do we hit the
C bunker let's have a look what's going
down here I look dark and dingy okay
here look at this we've got old military
equipment and that huge cannon we saw
earlier over there yeah but they're kind
reminds you a little bit of that I wish
we would be doing amazing battle so this
this used to be here during the war
there's a blinking blue light go let's
see it you know what we're looking for
don't you
the divers passage oh my god it's been
like Blair Witch Project there's a hill
yeah yeah that was geht oh my god what
was that just me
we're in irani hell is the diverse
passages of him so early
okay here we go oh you good that was
passage no I think we just I think it's
just box for general purposes but you
can god it is kind of thank you
okay well you don't have to come - now I
know a trap so this whole diverse
passage is this is where like this would
be the last method of escape out from
the fourth down this way
Oh God look at that blanket a lover tied
pretty scary stuff lately
this is that public the divorce has gone
down a little bit so you can see yeah
hey hey close it backup clothes upstairs
passage
yeah close up the passage make sure
nobody's entering that
Oh God imagine imagine if I did a prank
on you and awareness weekend and then
suddenly had all these actors like the
break-in Oh laser battle why don't we do
this this is a perfect area for a
mystery
anyway is this the laser passage just
carry on exploring why not so we had
some afternoon tea and we just go back
to her because we've got about 20
minutes before right canapes are served
in the main atrium and somebody's made
themselves very comfortable look at ye
olde mummy is mummified sausage he's
jumped on Thursday alien and she made a
really wave of noise than you yeah so do
it again so jump on you anyway yes we're
about to go front canapes are you trying
to sighted here we are dinner look at
this candle lit very very fancy
and we've got food I have a very fancy
looking a mushroom salad and it's a new
sort of situation dinner is served
and this is a lovely piece medallion
with a piece of melba toast and potatoes
okay here's what's going on the manager
of the fourth thing is Paola and it's
his birthday today and he's celebrating
it on board the fort
Wow the adventure does not stop there's
champagne with a saber saber you'd like
knock off the top of it
I want to see this yeah zoom in on the
here we go
just in case you missed it there's more
there's a the third one
oh here we go Paulo himself on the left
there himself making it very cross what
he taught yes and I went for cheese
because I love cheese for dessert
my favorite things again so we're now in
the room done with dinner getting ready
for bed is quite late now isn't it it's
like 10:30 married to us it's late yeah
it's free later no I actually don't know
whatever I got hit with a really bad
migraine at dinner yeah it came out of
nowhere
I hit you right in the face and I took
some paracetamol aka tylenol aspirin or
whatever you want to call it and today
you will introduce yourself to the good
old British hot cold tap system I don't
think you ever seen that before yeah we
used to have it in our ways to have that
okay so I show you guys this is this is
what it this is what I'm talking about
but we had a lot of heat non British
people when you see this for the first
time you're probably gonna be like or
what the hell is this why would you ever
do it like this so as you can see here
there's two taps in the sink there's a
hot and there's a cold tap
there's no it'll mix together you either
get scalding a hot water on the cold
water 102 and what you end up doing is
like putting a hat here putting it in
and gets too hot that you back here it's
too cold
it's a crazy system and I remember like
reading about there was a specific
reason why back in the day in England
they needed to have that but you don't
need to have that anymore but it's like
an old-school British thing yeah that's
kind of weird
so if you've never seen that before a
nice toy
already there someone just tweeted me
and said that they think they saw my
grandma in the Food Basics they work at
and I want to tell you it was definitely
her my mom's that you just led to food
basic my grandma's been cited you guys
bought it yeah that's cute yeah anyway I
think gonna call it a night and yeah say
goodbye to you from no man's land fort
see you the next one
berries are not quite ready yet so we're
gonna just chill out and wait for the
magic to happen
meanwhile more view pretty great media
pretty great year
