good morning everyone except it's not
morning it's lunchtime and we are on the
move I'm with Aslan here obey and we are
right outside of the chard I feel like
we've been at the shard so much this
month but I'll show it again for those
of you who have never seen the shard
it's one of my probably is my favorite
building in London I love it and as one
has arranged a date today I have indeed
what what is the purpose of this date no
purpose I think when you know realise
what it is you like it makes sense with
you guys would also it'll make sense see
you guys what do you mean it's
continuing a theme that we started a
theme
yeah a theme with stuff but let's not
blow that because otherwise you might
figure it out so it's good I have no
idea what you're talking about so here
we are up on the 35th floor so the ting
the hounds they call I think and the
view as you'd expect is bloody
incredible isn't it
and I was saying to stately don't if you
want to visit the shot don't go to view
the shot because it cost like 30 quid
come up here to the bar and get us of a
couple of drinks for that money and you
still get the same view really yeah
beautiful very fancy marble and then
let's have a look here
great you gray gray view it was taped
modern over there you see the Gherkin
it's pretty cool it's apparently not
quite ready yet so we're gonna just
chill out and wait for the magic to
happen meanwhile more view pretty great
view great day great year yeah it was
Canary Wharf in the distance there and
the city Golden Mile over here and
there's the actual London Bridge oh and
there's Tower Bridge over there do it on
that Lane this is the best view in
London isn't it no so we've just sat
down at our table and I didn't know but
we're supposed to sit side by side so
that's what we're doing and they gave us
the menus and they're made of velvet
anyway we're sitting right beside this
big window and I I mean I guess we're
getting this the festive afternoon tea
so I guess it comes with all this stuff
which is amazing you know a place is
fancy when the waitress puts the napkin
on your lap for you does that make you
feel weird
first up is a cauliflower mousse with
truffles in it or truffle oil and then
that's like a cheese thing but I always
make Aslan try this stuff first because
I'm a really picky eater and he knows
what if I'll like something or not do
you think I'll like it
cheesy I don't I'll try it
individually-wrapped sugar cubes oh my
god and also like look how fancy this is
the water bottle has a whole area that's
the same as when I was loving that he's
eaten his and my good
you get truffle like it smells like
truffle place this with like blue cheese
and then like cauliflower
so the afternoon tea has arrived I'm not
gonna go through every single thing like
the waitress just kindly did but you can
see what we've got
see what the Asians like yeah this is
the Asian collection and Aslan got the
festive collection selection I mean
looks so good so Aslan is learning a lot
about me right now because I'm telling
him I'm basically telling him what a
freak I am because I am the type of
person who like I laugh when I'm
uncomfortable or I laughs when I'm
nervous or like I laugh and I don't know
what to say
so I'm just talking about how like I
would be the person to laugh at a
funeral not because I like find anything
funny but like I I just get so nervous
that I just laugh and my mom has like
laughed at funerals who stuff before
it's so bad I don't know if like anybody
else has that issue but like I just
don't know how to like I was saying if
someone came to me and was like oh state
my cat died my instant reaction would be
to start hysterically laughing and like
to the point where I would have to leave
the room not because they find it funny
because obviously I don't
and as some things I'm a big freak freak
I just don't get it I think it's just
like a I just don't get like someone try
to make me feel better and tell me why I
do it I mean I haven't heard of it
before yeah yeah and I think people do
like I have that thank you no I'm just
telling him about this particular
scenario where I laughed through a
really serious situation and he just
like cannot believe it and I'm not
sharing it on the vlog because it's just
too bad but yeah I just I have a real
issue with that kind of stuff oh yeah
but you see how many other people have
that I'm sure most of you have heard of
it like you know like I remember like
like a funeral to have no people playing
yeah I was nothing's like giggling Rosie
stuff it that's like a I remember like
getting in trouble at school and
laughing at the teacher because I just
was so nervous I remember boy at school
who would laugh whenever you got hit or
got beaten up and people would like
putting him because of that oh my god
well my brother used to punch me when we
were kids
you know play fight except he would
actually punch me you know brother and
sister love I would laugh hysterically
it would piss my brother off so much so
afternoon tea was lovely it was so nice
and now as well and I have made her way
to Soho for two reasons number one I
really need to get my eyebrows done
by the way we're in a parking spot but
it's actually suspended spot which means
we can't park there so now we've got to
go find out this fun but anyway so we're
gonna do that and we also need to get
some well I need to get some jeans
hemmed because I'm a short human and all
my jeans are too long just got my
eyebrows done and I'm looking in the
viewfinder and good things they look
pretty good
they're a little red but that's always
the case and also at the end of the road
there's like this gigantic disco ball on
Carnaby Street that looks so cool so we
just went to the tailor's and I got all
my jeans sorted out you know taken up a
notch about two and a half inches how
horrible I got these jeans some reason
when I found
it seemed like I really not taking off
my waist but when I got in there with
the one now suddenly so tight but I was
like I'm here anyway so it's gonna
pretend anything
oh so these are gonna be really thing I
was like no I mean they're too tight
already so what you just gained like two
sizes in two days must be 90 anyway
we're in come to our live a nays because
I need some food in general no not in
general but I mean they would have been
too tight if you got them taken in yeah
yeah that looks great I love a little
booty action from you
so other than won't stop laughing even
though it's not funny I asked for you
know like a silent they probably charge
you for a salad and instead of adding
the salads amount of quantity that they
just took out everything else either
salad
I asked for a side of pink pickles and
this is how many I got I think it's I
think it actually is a lot but just like
it's in this big container it's slightly
disappointing I'm not gonna lie I'm
gonna eat these now turning music off
anyway we're heading to the plotter
e-cloth a pottery class week three I
don't know if you can tell by words a
little tip I don't know you know late
late nights through the winter gets a
little bit diluted first like this is
the thing right in the winter I don't
like to do anything past 4:00 p.m. so to
force myself out of the house after 6:30
is it takes a lot of willpower that's
about thirty pen
hold it together here lady go on you're
lugging your professional okay so we're
going to McDonald's we are indeed to get
as in a latte I've made myself a cup of
tea but I might also venture into the
land of a small price small fries a
small fry because a few friends are
small fryers like I quite like that
medium fry but I think the small celery
that works I don't know one can I feel
like can I have a sip two small fry
she's all fried they literally give me
to say fries
two small fries yeah small fry no it was
just one I have a small fry miss that
Canadian or is that just me I think I
mean that literally means just one steak
I'd say fancy fancy so I'm totally
copying in here it's not an old retired
architect made it now taking its mold
she said it good very carefully voila
the finished product I'm very pleased
with them this is the biggest one and
then this one will fit in this one and
these two which are for a very special
person will fit into these Vacek
hold on manual focus again why'd you
even putting in my hands the day is done
thank you very much for coming along
I made five things the pottery class I
married pleased with them that's a lot
as I made three things yeah I used to
come to those terrible anyway we're
gonna wrap it up for today hope you
enjoyed this love we'll see you in the
next one bye bye see you later
grow his hair really long we get a
little a little bun ring not better I
just wanted to have like stuck to mine
what it's a magazine my sweaty arm
I want a son to grow his hair really
long like down his shoulders but he's
not going for him
