hello everyone today's Sunday no mouse
report took Reggie for a nice long walk
this morning in the freezing weather but
luckily it's sunny outside so I ain't
complaining I have now requested Aslan
to make us pancakes this morning so
that's what we're gonna do
morning so we're making pancakes we're
not making any sort of pancakes meeting
Canadian pancakes
which I didn't realize the Canadians had
their own type of pancake but the state
told me about this and it makes some
extra fluffy but it's a kind of like a
two-step process with step one we get
some plain flour 100 grams of plain
flour and then about a baking powder oak
sorry I mean a better a tablespoon of
baking powder sorry still a platinum my
morning tea or anything and then to this
we add three egg yolks there you go pop
that in there and then you've got about
250 ml of milk and you add it to this
and you use a beater to beat as you add
the milk
okay so that's picture number one and
what would it do is you know how had the
three egg yolks in there get keep the
three egg whites in a different Bowl and
now we're gonna beat these until they
feel kind of like stiff white peaks
there you go Peaks are forming now you
want to get this and then spoon it and
fold it into this so you get that extra
fluffy texture eventually you get this
super fluffy butter to Hue the air
fluffy pancakes come ad but I do fine
with these they do have a somewhat eggy
taste but as long as you drown them in
enough maple syrup that goes away Reggie
is in a very playful mood and I think he
deserves a treat been wanting a treat so
he's gonna get one so I've just done my
hair I've just curled it so I'm waiting
for it to loosen up a little bit and I'm
gonna film a video today which is
food-related so we're gonna be doing
loads and loads of cooking well let's do
this thing
so the day got away from us a little bit
it is now 5:00 p.m. it took a little bit
longer than anticipated to film that
video which is fine and I'm actually
really pleased with the way it turned
out so it's good anyway I thought I
would just do a little QA to entertain
you for the rest of this vlog because
it's Sunday night and we ain't doing too
much tonight no no no no no do you want
to read through some of the cue days
first question why do I always look like
a thumb always what I'm doing this it
looks like I'm just a giant thumb that's
you quickfire questions who's your
favorite character on The Walking Dead
Rick Rick yeah mine is Glenn was bland
that's it I'll say I didn't get any good
gift ideas but honestly like it's it's
the bane of my life trying to think of
gift ideas for people it's so I think
anything we you spend like a little bit
of time and thought and do it it's quite
nice but they're the hardest ones to
think of the thought the thoughtful ones
always better than me you know just to
have like you know just shop ones I
think that's all it is
yes the how old is Reggie Reggie is 8
years
old what you love most about Christmas I
love going home to Canada I think it's
just like the nicest thing I love going
home seeing my family and it looks like
kind of a lame answer but loves the fam
I love Mary's turkey my grandma does
make a nice dry old turkey yeah he was
pretty little eyes or once upon a time
yes I've seen both of them and I kind of
stopped watching once upon a time but
yeah I'm all caught up on Pretty Little
Liars I love it I've watched Nana and
I'm like him sadly and he just on taking
care of cacti and he tips on well we've
just killed two yeah so I think don't
overwater them I think that's the one
thing that we yeah it's tough in the in
England to have cacti because we don't
get that much Sun you know I think it'd
be I think we would keep a lot more
plants alive if there was more Sun
around yeah yeah but yet don't overwater
them that's key yeah I think less water
is better if you could only eat one
pickle for the rest of their life what
would that pickle be oh those pink ones
though secretary not like it did what a
dill pickle dill pickles aren't my
favorite I'm all about those pickled
turnips definitely what's the worst
experience you ever had on public
transport can't really think of anything
so once I was on a really busy tube
train and there was like it was packed
but then there was one this is like seat
free nobody was taking so I mean my
alarm bells shouldn't be going up but I
was like great free seat and I like sat
down and like 20 seconds later I
realized the reason why I know you're
sitting is because the whole seat was so
wet somebody had spilled something or
something and it took me like in a few
seconds for it to seep through and
realized and then it was when I like oh
my god what do I do
do I make a big deal out of this oh you
know I'm not even noticing this is so
cool I'm assuming you just pretended it
was no no I got up and I was just like
alcaman
yeah my jeans were soaked didn't was
that I think it was just like warts it
wasn't at least it wasn't anything like
piss or anything horrible
you don't know what it was well no
because I did have smelt it not the seat
just you know pisses me off like why
won't somebody save like no don't sit
there yeah
any right people it ain't right would
you have a couple of China hey would you
ever come to China yes I hope to go to
China
one day soon if Reggie could speak human
what accent would he have we have so
many accents Reggie like my Mane Reggie
voices but I think Reggie's real accent
would be Irish because he's from Ireland
exactly I can't do an Irish oh ma and
Adam I'm going after for a walk and when
I come back you bet I have my men's
ready for what is your favorite book
from when you were a kid
from when I was a kid there was this
book with Grover and it was I forget the
name of it but it was like don't it was
like all about don't turn the page
whatever you do do not turn the page if
you turn the page it's gonna be
something terrible and then you turn the
page and he's like Grover is like oh my
god I can't believe you turned the page
I don't know why you're doing this don't
turn it again sorry hey that's my
favorite I love it
for any of you serving kids out there
doctor I believe any of you know what
that is let me know in the comments cuz
that book was good it's like the Soviet
version of dr. Doolittle okay doctor I
believe any favorite style icons lately
Kristen Stewart for life I love her I
think she's like the hottest person in
the world
Wow for me it would be maybe God what's
the guy's name
Shia LeBouf oh yeah I wasn't loving a
bit of Shia LaBeouf lately yeah let's go
great style dresses very well favorite
Christmas film you know I love home
alone so much but I think like the Chevy
Chase family Christmas one National
Lampoon's Christmas vacation is the best
it doesn't get better
but I love home alone not a big elf fan
I know that's gonna really shocked and
disappointed
yeah mm-hmm I can give another try this
year but it's I didn't I never really
got into elf for whatever reasons
controversial like it very controversial
yeah do you believe in star science yes
I'm a Leo as one of the Sagittarius and
we're very compatible according to this
I mean I'm sure you'll find a website
somewhere that says every single time
compatible no no which jewelry of yours
would you keep forever and why
so this necklace is the one I wear every
day and it was from my mom and she wore
it for years and I've just been like
adding different charms to it so yeah
I'll keep this forever and I lost it for
the longest time and I was so sad but
when I found it was like the best thing
I don't wear any jewelry ever I wish you
would I think it's like nothing hotter
than a guy who wears a necklace or
something yeah yeah I'm just on that
handsome what's your favorite doughnut
Tim's double chocolate or vanilla dip
honey cruller what was your favorite
thing about Island meeting all of the
amazingly nice Irish people and hearing
their awesome accents I would say yeah
well for me if you know if I was to go
there it will be the accents sure what
for famous people dead or alive would
you invite to dinner
Oprah Beyonce Snoop Dogg and Kristen
Stewart what's the last thing you ate I
just made something for my video that I
ate no that's not true since that point
I have had some hummus oh yeah it's
always it's always that the other day
what are your thoughts on man buns I
love man buns I'm dying for other to
grow his hair really long we get a
little a little bun rating not better I
just wanted to have like stuck tonight
what it's a magazine my sweaty arm I
want
his hair really long like round his
shoulders but he's not going for it
maybe one day we'll see how many times
do you make poop times 3 3 times a day
would be a lot of pooping favorite book
you've read this year mm-hmm I'm only
about a third of the way through the
year of the runways and I know that's
what we can be my favorite because it's
pretty good really yeah it's very
challenging but it's very good one hmm
I think the Year of Magical Thinking by
Joan Didion has been my favorite was
last thing you've done to make someone
else happy
I walked Reggie when you didn't want to
go out you're a bit preoccupied yeah do
you think that made me happy do you
think that made Reggie happy well then
you didn't have to go out in the
blistering cold ok see I like walking
Reggie doesn't listen a make me happy I
just needed okay well well I don't know
um talk to that lady in the park this
morning that's true yeah I think they
made her happy yeah
I also did that service yeah we both did
that who was a teenage - there was a
crush mine was Leo DiCaprio well I mean
we all love Leo yeah uh teenage
celebrity crush we all in come on you
know what it is mmm you met him recently
I met Henry yeah you saw him at VidCon I
believe who the celebrity his son does
YouTube videos oh oh Mark Ruffalo but I
didn't actually meet him I was too shy
to say hi yeah it was really into Mark
Ruffalo Kevin
so I'm just leaving storm now and I know
it's always quite vague when I go in
there I'm just still like I say vague
vague in a really weird way but I know
it's quite vague
