good morning everyone today's Friday and
as you can tell from my red cheeks I've
just got home from the gym I would
normally go straight into the shower but
I there we go
my mind's back I'm feeling faint and I
need to eat something right away and
that something is going to be a cup of
tea and a piece of toast because I don't
know I feel like I just might pass out
it was like a relatively intense cardio
session I did today I'm just feeling
really good so let me eat something and
I'll be back I'm just editing the vlog
from yesterday and I am still just as
repulsed as I was when I initially saw
it so if you haven't seen the last blog
go check it out you get to witness this
ooh I just got this package in the mail
and it has this um I don't always have
to eucalyptus or what but it smells
amazing okay let me open this and oh no
I think I got it I think I got it
what is it whoo these smells so nice I'm
gonna use those in a blog post props
bloggers props so origins sent me this
ginger incredible spreadable ginger body
scrub I love ginger I could drink it in
every one of my juices real Coco
crystallized ginger dark chocolate Wow
and ginger souffle woo and tell me this
is a ginger candle no it's pine spruce
and orange oh it smells amazing so I'll
have to try those out and report back
oh they look so nice thank you origins
I'm supposed to be getting in the shower
but I am just like talk talking note
watching Steph's boyfriend tag titled
the boyfriend tag he hates me it is so
funny if you're not subscribed to step
already make sure you subscribe because
she has an amazing blog and I am just
obsessed with her channel so go check
her out
Azlan and I have decided to
go for an omelet at the local cafe but
Reggie thinks he's going for a walk and
I feel so bad what if it had happened
anyway what am I wearing right now
boyfriend jeans if you want to call them
that my coat from ASOS a little scarf my
sweater from RIT Zia and my glasses
which are Celine and my converse yeah we
made it to the cafe and luckily the tea
is already arrived I love the team here
I especially love these cookies that are
I don't even know they're like ginger
snaps kind of they're so amazing so I
got my and Kip's
and they look amazing and I've actually
never tried baked beans before seven in
China and I know people are probably
like like in complete shock about that
but yeah and this is my new wish I don't
like this place our best omelettes I'm
just so happy right now so we just got
back from having a delicious breakfast
well it's actually kind of like a lunch
because it's now 1:30 and took ready
outside and now I have about 25 minutes
until I have to leave because I've got a
meeting today at 2:30 so in that time I
want to take some photos for my website
estate alone calm and yeah I just really
need to utilize this bright weather
because it doesn't come around too often
and I want to type up some posts tonight
when I get home so yeah the light
doesn't last too long so I have a very
short window to take some pictures right
now so I made it to storm and there's
Fuzzle of his camera and I'm admiring
the gorgeous models in here look at all
these beautiful faces is
outstanding they have like all these
like ports all over in the office with
like everyone's like cards I don't even
know what they're cold but look at your
Dan oh my god she's gorgeous
everyone is amazing Wow hey and you want
to see my picture right here as well
actually took that picture that's kind
of nice you have loads of people and and
I'm gonna stalk the rest of the office
even though they get mad when I do this
no they don't get mad
Oh Emily Emily's gonna be in the blog so
everybody's already meant Paulo and
Simon who are nowhere around but Emily's
actually so when you get stuff done
around here that kid so anyway we're
gonna get down to business so as soon as
the camera comes out everybody's like oh
hi Shannon actually like three mothers
me anyway I'm just trying on Tilly's
coat which I love it's from an
Australian brand well anyway here's
Tilly Hey look at first she just got
Larry fide buy lariat purchases but like
not today but Fool was like the really
sounded haircut like this so cool
I can't get over it anyway I've just
looked at her chair and she had this
coat draped over it and it's by you said
no scallion brand oh yes sorry yes final
strain Iman sixties but they don't sell
them anymore so I had to hunt it down on
eBay
and then get it said the Australian ones
really nice pieces probably consumed
with coops that's why we love it yeah we
love it I'm gonna steal it right now
I've gotta go bye she's gonna walk up
okay so I'm just leaving storm now and I
know it's always quite vague when I go
in there I'm just still just a vague
vague in a really weird way but I know
it's quite vague when I go in there but
these things are top secret sometimes
just gonna put some lip balm on should
take a breather before I hit the road
running um anyway I am working on
something really cool it's gonna be
revealed in late December so yeah I'm
quite excited about that I absolutely
love everyone at storm it's like such a
nice vibe such nice energy everybody's
so respectful and smart and just I just
feel like I'm really part of the family
so it's really nice the heck's going on
here like he's not turning I swear I can
drive okay so I'm gonna put the Google
Maps on and I will be with you when I
get home
all right so it's been a while and Aslan
and I went out for dinner insert shot of
food now so we had a really nice time
and we just enjoyed each other's company
it was great and I'm gonna end it here I
think we're just gonna chill out it's
Friday we want a chill so I'll see you
in the next one
so we're just talking and we're gonna
give a shout as her brother who's going
to be watching this
