yes I may or may not have made a mistake
of adding spirulina powder to my
breakfast bowl oh all I taste is seaweed
pondan I let you added like poverty food
there wasn't oh my god I was like maybe
there's blueberries in there but you are
eating that yeah sorry say it don't
spray it I guess so far hey good morning
oh I need to all the people living in
the UK and probably most of Europe right
now like it is so gloomy and it's been
like two weeks of the most gray weather
I think I've ever experienced and you
don't think it had it plate please what
no you don't think it has a big effect
on your mood and like how you feel but
it really really does like I I am so
tired
I'm so sleepy I'm not like grumpy but
I'm just like not myself and it's all
because of the weather and it's just
crazy I envy all of the people living in
California who just get to wake up and
see the Sun Shine okay making my tea now
so it's lunchtime and I just went
outside and walked Reggie but I just
wanted to show you my new coat I love it
so I got this on a sauce because I
wanted just like a simple coat that I
could walk Reggie and that had a big
hood and was also like kind of short so
that's it it's kind of like a simple
like slightly bomber ish style and it's
got like nice like nice and fluffy but
it's not too fluffy and I just love it
what do you want mister and
guess you want to treat let's see what
we can find
he loves these chicken and cheese treats
so let me try to open them with one hand
it has cheese right in it thanks ma'am
so the doorbell just rang and Lucy got
it and Lucy's like oh I think it's like
look at Lucy had done up she is and I
just like this way and like I think it's
flowers I was like well definitely not
from as what and it's definitely flowers
you want to see them nice these this is
probably the biggest bouquet of flowers
I've ever even seen it's so awesome
they are the most gorgeous things I've
ever seen in my life and I was like oh
it's so sweet but they're not actually
from a sweater but but anyway either way
I still love them they are absolutely
beautiful and I can't wait to just put
them into vows right now and look at
them oh look at his lips you love
flowers can every kiss mr. no I just
want flowers and trees what have you got
there Polaroid's onto to 21st century
revival for instant photos
Wow there's number one I look happy this
is because there's a digital camera that
has like a printer inside oh so you
can't choose which ones you print no
just prints whatever you take seems like
it Wow guys this is what I look like
right now
even Reggie's like not impressed
these are cool on the back it says zinc
zero ink well nando's time I I really
like Nando's now this is officially the
third time I've had it and I think it is
fantastic so I cannot wait to eat some
lunch so I got these creamy mashed
potatoes which are amazing I have to say
like it's they're almost as good as my
grandma's I have to say they're really
good and some chicken
also got this rubra peach rooibos drink
which is surprisingly good considering I
don't typically like rooibos tea but
yeah so it's been a while since I last
vlog honestly not much has happened we
ate the food and then I got some clothes
on cuz I put in my pajamas all of day
long but then a few minutes ago the
doorbell rang and I have guests and I'm
being really like stalking mode and
asking them all about their lives and
can I show your nails stuff because oh I
should probably introduce you this is
Steph Kerr Plagas Coco chic blog and
this is Olivia who owns and runs and
operates Atlas magazine and your blog is
Olivia blogs okay can I see your nails
please okay these nails are actually
insane they are the pointiest most
beautiful coolest witch nails I've ever
seen are they cold claws really though
oh that's really cool and Olivia sadly
just got her wisdom teeth out yeah and
she she yeah she can't lead soup and she
even still even still made the trip to
London and I can't believe it because if
I got my wisdom teeth out I would not be
leaving bed so props oh I don't think
you'd ever hear me she's always here
though so tonight let me focus camera so
tonight we're off for a little a night
on the town because fresh as you know
the skincare brand I met with them um
call it let's do it in like a few months
ago but they're opening a new store and
I'm helping them open the store tonight
which is really cool so we just got to a
fresh store
I'm gonna do a little bit pan the char
because it looks like no other store
I've ever seen hang on I'm gonna just
put my bags down and then I'll give you
a proper tour so the store actually
pretty cool so look at this amazing
chandelier it looks like they must have
custom-made this because this way kind
of fits the space better cool stuff for
you the store manager and knows
everything about fresh and they like
best sellers fall in here we're gonna
look at right now and talk you through
there we go
so what what are your favorite things I
love this yeah just notice that this
year yeah
like this gorgeous rich creamy texture I
love that as well it's amazing
yeah it is yeah I use it the other day
and my skin was so soft and also this is
the eye cream it is yeah that is one of
the best eye creams ever textures well
it is so amazing the winter it's the
honey mask so there is actually two and
a half tablespoons of honey in every
single pot if you wanna have smoke yeah
you smell it smells like a mix of the
lip scrub and honey so this honey they
actually sold in France
okay they get actually colonies so many
different flowers at the honey
Wow
Adriana just lucked out of the YouTube
space huh and did you know I was at the
fresh thing no I just walked past and
I'm just like ticking through my friend
like what is life right now oh it's nice
to meet you you're so beautiful thank
you so you you're lips Matt your coat
which I feel a movie was good but I like
I'm a lady danger girl okay well
whatever she said she feels like a weird
stalker you know I'm new to blogging and
I thought today is the day I'm gonna go
out go to some events and then you're
going in the store then yeah that was
crazy
oh you okay don't trip mister so this is
the outside of the store I just wanted
to show you it's on Monmouth Street and
the street is so beautiful when you walk
around London do you just feel like it's
not even real life especially
Christmastime you know they're there Oh
people do make an effort business time
it was just absolutely beautiful but I
should probably go back into my own
thing right now but yeah get some fresh
and get fresh in the fresh so I'm going
to be mingling and as one's gonna take
you on a tour of the store
so front door is here and you come in I
think there's a no-go staff area down
there now I'm taking the back of the
stock it's a little too crazy busy at
the front but we've got tonight juice or
ent this rural counties down the side
and yeah the lights are mentioning
earlier space thank you yes they were
saying look how many soaps are down
that's crazy
so I just met the two girls who are
behind the food and the catering and
they've got a company called tart and
they basically created different foods
for each kind of mask so there's this
mask which if you've ever tried ever
felt it has like a really unique texture
texture kind of feels like clouds so
they need these little things that have
the texture of cloud and this cookie
which I've already been rambling on and
on about is to go with the brown sugar
polish on it oh god it's so good and
then there's a jelly that goes with the
rose mass and then this soap I will
really wish there is smellivision
because this smells like a chocolate bar
and they made this like healthy date and
cocoa spread which is it's just it all
tastes so good and I can't believe it
semi healthy so I'm here with Annie who
is on vacation from LA how are you
finding this grim
we're just talking and we're gonna give
her brother where are your earrings from
very nice
Marie's kale barley as always I'm trying
to blog but it's very tight quarters
Shannon just try to link the camera so
July's between my two favorite men for
this party
yes the event was actually so fun and I
learned a lot actually about
multi-masking and layering mass and it
was really cool I mean I said I don't
know if anyone blogged it but I said
that I met love who's one of the
cofounders of fresh and I you know I'm
really lucky and since I get to meet a
lot of beauty brand people but love is
one of the few people I've met who has a
real true passion for what he does is
getting care and he really cares and
he's so funny as well
you love the bit left I came home you're
like okay so I just I'm so pleased to be
working with fresh because I love the
products and I love love and it was just
a great night so thank you to everyone
who came and now we're gonna go either
get some food or go home
valo black hoodie white t-shirt black
jeans
whoa not just any black jeans ripped and
ribbed is a total biker jeans and boots
I got from Zara
everyone at the event was like raving
about your boots I think they're super
cool they look like moon boots from it's
yeah it's yeah skirts from arisia
all my clothes are from RIT zien nice
little skin oh yeah and my pointy boots
that I always wear and I think we're
gonna chill out
drink some water but thanks again to
everyone who came to the event and I
hope you liked this video oh I thought
you were doing something annoying in the
background thank you for watching and
we'll see you in the next one bye
