hello everyone okay Lucy I was just
starting the vlog hello everyone I sorry
chaos chaos ensues this morning and as
you see chaos ensued last night when we
got Domino's seriously anyway I've been
wanting to start the blog all morning
but it's taken me about four hours to
find an SD card it's one of those days
SD because people who use SD cards it's
like they're never there when you want
them but when you don't need them you
see them they're everywhere worse than
bobby pins so anyway I just got a bunch
of mail I'm gonna open it right now
and show you what I got so the first
thing that came in the mail was this
gigantic box and I was like what is this
but it was a little present from my
friend Cassie otherwise known as
Blogilates and she sent me one of her
yoga mats which is so cool and I don't
actually have a yoga mat so this is
perfect for me so I just look at our
little logo it's so cute so make sure
you go check them out I'm sure it's
gonna be a wonderful yoga mat now she is
looking so cool and then the other thing
I got was this bracelet I spread the
brand Moxon and it's this gigantic gold
bracelet that I love and I've been
craving it for so long and it's so weird
because it's like the total opposite to
my usual jewelry style but I just
thought it would look really cool
layered with like my watch or something
so I don't know keep a lookout on my
blog to see how I style this thing I
love it and if all else fails it's a
really cool keychain so yeah I love that
so I don't know where Matt sure came
over and rang the doorbell hi Matt I
always call you by your full name will
do actually cuz I feel like I can't just
feel like this is Matt this is Matt sure
and I want to show you his Instagram
which I now have to get back up on the
laptop
we've just been sitting here talking
about how amazing his Instagram is and
wonderful so if you're not already
following Matt Shore you have to go
check it out because his photos are
beautiful and it just makes me feel
really bad about my own but they're so
good I love them also know hi only I
only post once every like two and a half
months but that's fine Oh what was I
gonna ask you on this vlog um oh I was
gonna ask you anything but I was gonna
say why are you here but don't tell them
why why you're here basically that is
here for a secret project that we're
going to be working on next week next
week and Matt is a fellow Canadian tell
your say your bio oh okay prepared for
this I know from Toronto mm-hmm you
ready here we go
yep I'm just kind of living like I think
everybody knows and loves Matt sure he's
like the man with a plan are you just
filming a little drugstore beautiful
here's a sneak peek wait so I just found
this peach candle from IKEA in the
middle of my junk drawer so I thought
I'd burn it and just remember the summer
since Reggie is having lunch I just took
him outside and it was absolutely
pouring rain and of course he wanted to
go for like a super long walk but it was
flying aside my raincoat on and so did
he I'm just working on a new blog post
with some home
scented things so I got these really
cool incense things at the store and
there's the holder that I've burned oh
there's my phone it's Amelia hello
so that phone call
literally consisted of me saying hello
Amelia talk talk talk talk talk she's
like that's all I had to say goodbye and
I was like bye so I said hello and bye
that is the level of our friendship is
that I really love it and I appreciate
it um meanwhile Reggie's head is soaking
wet oh my God he's so chilled you are my
baby forever this is awkward because I
could just watch this forever
I am just boiling the kettle because I'm
making three cups of tea for Aslan I
made this
it's the tea pigs spiced winter red tea
which I think he's going to like it's
our first time trying him and Lucy and I
are gonna have the sweet ginger tea
which looks so good but I've never tried
either of them so I'm excited so I
realized nothing trilling has been going
on yet but this is just like a typical
workday for me I'm now doing a my plank
I'm now doing a voiceover for my
upcoming video which will probably be up
at a time to see this blog maybe not
maybe it will I don't know but it's like
an evening ultimate relaxation evening
so yeah I'm doing the voice-over and if
you've ever wondered how I did a
voiceover it's with this thing this is
my microphone with this huge furry thing
on it and I've already like pre-edited
most of the video and now I just watched
through the video and like talked
through it so it's actually kind of it's
actually kind of hard to like keep up
with the footage well you want to say
what you want to say so I don't know I
haven't actually done a voice over in
months so we shall see how it goes
halfway through recording - voiceover
and I'm pretty sure the groceries are
getting delivered right now I think
that's what it was yeah every time I've
just finished the voice-over and for
some reason I just blurted out the word
farts so when you go watch this video I
want you to comment the word farts
because it's a funny hilarious word it
makes me laugh every time a little
behind the scenes for you Aslan has
insisted on taking some insets you
smoking pictures of the sage and the
whole living room is like super smoky
Reggie's basically high off the fumes it
is insane
oh that's not my pretty Bowl is it oh
that's we're using it for oh it was
right next to the sage sighs you were
using that looks so cool oh you're so
right these are just like amazing oh
thank you just making the still for my
new video and I have to say it's one of
my all-time favorites Pizza Oh groceries
have just arrived and Aslan already
spotted what I got behind his back no
but the only ice cream I really truly
like is haagen-dazs vanilla Swiss almond
which they don't carry no cranberries
I've been requested some leeks ricotta
cheese oranges this is some red chicory
some spelt pennies and bananas this is
some tahini chickpeas oh I got Reggie
one of these yeah oh this is Aslan's
favorite mouthwash that we finally got
by the way ultra dicks
salt and vinegar crisps mince pies it's
a selection those look good my favorite
Vogel's bread some spelt pretzels apple
sauce pearl barley some oat cookies
chocolate bar blueberry cookies pasta
sauce pickles of course
how are those oh can I have a bite
mmm pineapple more preserved lemons let
me go up without leaven anything put
strawberries raspberries blueberries
tamaak tum' babbles or buttermilk Kiwis
mango lemon mint falafel one two three
four Mara goes for Reggie oh crap we got
two versions of oranges this looks
dangerous
yep there you go now you know literally
everything like Oh God
and the reason supermarket shop so now
I'm just editing another video with my
face in it this is going to be a
drugstore haul so hopefully I can finish
editing it today then I'll be in good
shape
all right it is now time for our second
pottery lesson that's right people we
made it through week one and now it's
week two and we're slow excited today we
get to glaze our pinch pots I'll try to
get some footage in there this time cuz
I kind of feel that that last time but
we shall see
okay the moment of truth my one you've
been making a mold things that I flip
them seriously dry enough yeah kind of
like muggy seems to have
just finished the pottery class and it
was fun yeah there's something nice
about it like you know for some reason
you come out of it even though you're a
bit more tired cuz obviously later on in
the evening but some reason you just
feel more content with life we went in
there grumpy as could be we came out of
there happy as could be wait who was
comfy forward in there this guy I hope
it's not you know a grumpy one
don't you remember the phrase grumps
don't get no ha yeah you definitely no
one gonna get any arms up until the
pottery class deal anyway heading home
now but yeah excited I made three new
well I made like the tray and two bowls
and as I made like a little cool balls
thing and a bowl
so yeah was good times so we've just
come home and switched on the TV I took
my makeup off and got into my pajamas
and now we're watching the great with
the gold party throat on pottery
throwdown anyway it's kind of like the
Great British Bake off's but pottery
version so we just can't get enough
pottery and I'm gonna wrap up the vlog
and chill out and I will see you soon
bye crazy times
