good morning everyone today is Sunday
and it's another day is 10:30 in the
morning I don't know why my face is so
red because it's not in real life I
don't know maybe it is in real life I
have no idea um I had a bit of a lazy
start to the day I think everyone should
on a Sunday morning there you go that's
a little more normal and I already am
and already walked Reggie had a shower
if you can believe it
put on some loungewear I'd had some
breakfast I had a piece of toast with a
raspberry jam so that's pretty much all
I can update you on I'm gonna go read my
book for a little bit I've put on my
to-do list this is how sad I am I have
to like put on my to-do list
read for 30 minutes so I'm gonna go get
my book and read for 30 minutes
so I just finished doing my nails and as
you can see I did the nail art from my
kit from the body shop and I just
instagrammed this little picture look a
cute little veggies so if you Instagram
an image of you doing the nail art with
my kit and you use the hashtag nail it
for charity and tag the body shop they
will donate an extra day of safe
drinking water for a family in Ethiopia
and they do that through the charity
called water aid so if you have the kids
do the Instagram why not write Aslan's
making me a snack although I'm a little
worried it might be a bit spicy no
that's okay Wow Aslan has outdone
himself with this little snack can you
talk us through what's in this this is
literally magic toast avocado with two
autos
I've been how to beat him pepper nothing
fancy Oh what is he talking about this
is very fancy I just finished getting
ready put my makeup on and my sweater
and this fuzzy vest from Orencia I'm
actually just waiting for it Louise to
get here yeah that's right
sprinkle of glitter she's never been
here before and she's gonna meet Reggie
well she already met Adeline but yeah so
while we wait Aslan and I have just been
talking about what's been going on in
Paris and it is so horrific and terrible
and we're both so sad about the news I
don't normally talk about political
things or you know world events really
on on my vlog Channel but I just want to
send my love to Paris
and all my French viewers I'm sending on
my love as one sending his love she's
sending his love hello I'm back and
Louise is finally managed to come over
and she's already made herself extremely
comfortable
on my cabbage I love to tuck people in I
know it's weird cactus is getting huge
like I just saw in the background but
really like this thing is when we first
got it okay so the interesting thing
about cacti cactuses
you're gonna really learn something so
when you see a cactus right it grows
from the top right so this is all bright
right green right and it kind of starts
to go a little bit of a different color
here so it's grown this much since we
got it I mean I kind of thought the same
thing but this thing is growing like
crazy disgusting we just ordered Wagga
Baba we had to do it we were gonna go
out and get some food but we were like
you know what why go out when you can
stay in ya and Lisa is telling me some
fascinating stories and Reggie is
wanting some food too but it's not gonna
happen so I got the beef donburi I
normally get chicken but the last time I
got chicken donburi a piece of fish was
in there and I'm hoping this time I'm
hoping this doesn't have fish in it I
don't know why that would make a
difference but you know as I got this
guy gyoza gyoza yes and thank you so
much and Louie's got this katsu curry
yeah like very standard and we're gonna
share these yeah so it's time to eat oh
and these fruit juices so Joey's Louise
vig√©e Louise just left and we didn't
really vlog much but we were having a
great time chillin on the couch talking
hanging out as friends do it was
actually really nice I really enjoyed it
as I was looking at me like he's about
to say something don't know did you have
fun anything's nice to see news again
yeah and we'll possibly be seeing her
later on tonight and yeah yeah
tonight we're doing something very fun
but I'm not going to announce it
that please hello well Louise got lost
she had left our front door and two
minutes later she was lost it happens it
happens all the time anyway had a great
time I'm going to chill out for another
couple hours because it's some day and
why not and then we're heading out for
something fun so as one is hunting down
a specific beanie that's going to be
perfect for his outfit
I can't find it and I just got ready so
we're just heading out and I thought we
would do some outfit of the days outfits
of the evening I should say starting
from the top as one's got on a beanie
tilt your head yep and he's wearing this
little puffy coat a sweater t-shirt
these cool trousers and your trainers
yeah bomb diggity do you want to do mine
now let's have a look scarves for its
yet jacket is also from right SIA very
nice this teachers from faultless long
buses from Alsace mm-hmm
under it I'm wearing my little silk tank
top which is nice leather look leggings
from a ritzy ax they are the best ones
I've ever worn hmm and these Rachel's oh
little ankle boots very cute thank you
nothing look great look cute Larry many
layers are going on tonight
just made it
we're walking there right now and they
are like I got the lights out very
bright the lights are there it's so cool
you have to see what I'm saying
okay you can't really tell so all these
things that are lit up are Dan and Phil
related oh there you go time to see it
it is so cool imagine if that was you
like we don't feel like that's so cool
I'm so pleased for them so let's go in
fancy stairs so the show is over I'm
trying to get as we weren't like to film
the actual show obviously for spoiler
reasons but it was amazing it was pretty
good so much screaming I just thought it
was so cool to see excite but never
really seen girls were excited that many
ago massive massive group of people
waiting to meet other people and I'm
here with Louise again I've stopped oh
thanks thanks things I forgot today in
my life I messed up a link
did you like the show yes oh my god
so much like it was just almost wet the
musical number anyway so now we're
waiting to get taken to a party because
we are cool like that so we're here at
the after party I think we're like the
first ones here as ones already dancing
like crazy maniac so cool I think the
library yes and it's like it's got like
tons of places just sit down everybody's
down here getting dreams it's very very
cool and I can't like to just sit down
and chill out and talk to people we've
actually found a photobooth no put it
all home yeah watch my drink it's
balancing balancing I love to go 800
props and mo come on get in those rooms
yeah yeah
all right back home now Aslan's just
taking Reggie out for one last trip
around the neighborhood had a great time
chatted with Dan and Phil on all of
their amazingness and yeah might lots of
new people tonight at the partay it was
really good actually it is now almost
midnight which is a very late for us
especially because I could wake up early
tomorrow morning as I've had a few too
many drinks there was actually Dan and
Phil cocktails like made specifically by
each person and cocktails were drank not
by me but by Ellen
so anyway I'm gonna wrap up this video
yeah I hope you enjoyed coming along
today on Sunday I feel like this vlog
was quite short but sometimes they're
long sometimes they're short and that's
just the way the cookie crumbles
Jeff feel okay wrapping it up see you in
the next one
by by the way it's the next morning and
I just thought I'd show you the pictures
Aslan and I took in the photo booth last
night that booty doe big long day long
day thank you so much for everybody who
came to the Meetup it was super nice and
it was really nice to be able to you
know meet so many people and I really
chilled out environment
