good morning everyone I just woke up
Reggie just woke up he's very excited to
go in his walk so I'm gonna take the
mother swastika take him on his blog and
then I'm gonna go to the doctor because
as you guys remember from the face
yesterday slug I had like a little
swollen gland
I just wanted to go check that so I'm
gonna go walk him and then go doctor
just got back and it was nothing it was
fine it was just a little swollen glands
apparently I was just about to get sick
and my body was like i'ma fight this and
it did fight it and uh the lump is still
there they said it's literally nothing
to worry about
so that's good better safe than sorry as
I say so any weight now we're gonna go
to shortage quickly mom is leaving at 2
o'clock today so we just thought we'd go
there quickly and explore East London a
little bit before she goes so we just
got off that old street and now we're
walking more into the thick of things
to go see some shops we've come to one
of my favorite restaurants in Shoreditch
area it's all the way Hawaii and we're
gonna have some breakfast we're gonna go
to the darkest love but the lineup was
like four hours so I ordered some eggs
benedict
food is here we've got eggs benedict got
eggs Royale we got pancakes with bacon
so I just popped into this store it's
called binti andrews and i got two
sweaters I'll show you guys when I get
it it was amazing was so nice and very
lovely service I might add now we're
just going to cruise around boxpark
see what's on offer I haven't been down
here for a quite a while so yeah it's
just loads little pop-up shops alright
so we are obviously at home now and my
mom just left she took a cab to the
airport she did not want me to drive her
because it's kind of a long drive and
she was like hey I don't want to bother
you so she just got in the cab because
she's an independent woman so she's at
the airport now about ready to take off
and go home
but it's not like we're gonna have to
wait forever to see each other again
because I'm going back to Canada on
Thursday so I'll see here very soon but
yeah all good all good so I just bought
a friend of mine auu for Christmas and
you're just sitting here going through
the little pamphlet only to discover
that amelia and I are in the UU book and
I can just say guys I am obsessed with
you it's essentially just like a massive
hot water bottle and I'm sure you've all
seen it we I just I I did not know I was
in this little booklet I'm sure I did
know at one point but it's left my mind
but if you want to check out this hot
water bottle it's you you bottle oh my
god I'm on the website too looking like
a freak but that's cool I support them
so I'm happy to be on the site because I
seriously think this is the most
life-changing product I own so once
again this is the store I went to binti
Andrews and here is sweater number one
model it
this is a cute sweater I just I don't
know I just really liked it it has
hearts on it and it's very cute do you
like it yeah cute it's cute good and
then this is the other sweater I got I
just drawn to it I really liked it yeah
it's just casual sweater with nice
little edges super cute I'm so thirsty I
could genuinely drink an ocean so I'm
kind of gonna do that right now
much better
good morning everyone bye I was like bye
good luck with the video hello I today I
am filming a video and as you can see
I'm wearing my new sweater which I love
as soon as I put it on this morning I
was like mmm-hmm and it inspired me to
wear a bit of a red lipstick today so
today I'm gonna film my 2016 beauty
favorites I love these videos I love
watching them so I thought I would do
one and I just have to pick out all my
products I made a list but I might find
a few more things as I go but I don't
want to make it like a super long video
so it's kind of hard to narrow it down
but this is like the creme de la creme
here's a little sneak peek that's all
you're getting
I'm standing in front of a very bright
light right now I just filmed and my
camera battery died about 500 times
because I forgot to charge it last night
but I finally got through the video and
everything worked out I just need to do
the close-ups now seriously guys this is
gonna be a long video so I'm gonna do
that as soon as my battery charges but
in the meantime I'm gonna try to clean
up my space because I have shizz
everywhere it's gonna stop Scott stop
when you come downstairs and Bay is
making you lunch oh yeah you look buff
today yes we do yes so I'm doing a
boyfriend narrates my beauty tutorial
shit
I always forget the taps running and
Aslan's gonna narrate and narrate it so
he's gonna do that today and as let's
making me a nice lunch so I'm gonna have
an eggs toast and some tomato soup let's
stir it in the skin it's developing a
skin I don't know you don't like that
who does
oh yeah that's satisfying stir I didn't
really realize how hungry I was until I
saw this food in front of me and now my
whole body's like yes thank you honey
so Aslan is gearing up for his big
voiceover debut Dave you know debut are
you getting excited to narrate the video
oh yeah here we are let's get excited
we're starting this voiceover what is
this that's just me on the screen right
now let's let's wait we need to make up
this okay I just got a big lovely
package from Charlotte Tilbury so I'm
gonna open up and see what's inside so
there are two layers it is absolutely
incredible first up is this sleeping eye
mask which actually looked like
Charlotte's eyes just kind of cool there
are also some little pins I love the lip
one with the lipstick oh some mini matte
revolution lipsticks this is oh it's
like a speaker or something that's cool
a magical mini brush set oh that's handy
and I didn't think there was anything in
this but look there's loads of stuff in
it oh my gosh this is a little USB thing
that is so cute oh my gosh a lip liner
mascara a little eye shadow palette so
amazing and on the bottom layer there is
a Charlotte's magic cream and a bunch of
other crazy stuff like a disco ball and
this is a nice little Christmas tree
ornament so I'm just at my new iMac
which I'm so excited about dirt face
anyway this is the keyboard that came
with the iMac and I feel like it's just
so small like the computer is so big and
the keyboard is so small so you guys
might remember that I bought this from
eBay like a million years ago it's a
little bit dirty I should probably clean
it but I just prefer a big keyboard like
this with the numbers at the side I
think you can buy a bigger keyboard but
yeah so I've decided to switch it out
plus I like the sound of the clicky
clicky it makes me
feel super productive I take it back I
don't think I can use this keyboard
because I remember why I stopped using
it now the volume keys don't work so
back to the little one with my tail
between my legs so it is now 3:45 I've
just been doing some editing I'm done
filming feels good to have filmed the
last video of 2016 besides the vlogs of
course but the last main one I packed
all my lights away all my camera stuff
yes I think it's the cleanest my office
has ever been cuz normally I have like
all my lights everywhere and stuff so
yeah I feel like I feel good about that
you just have to do all the editing I
just looked at Reggie's he really wants
to go for a walk so I'm probably gonna
take him for a walk now because it's
getting dark already
yes 3:45 it's dark outside so I think
I'm gonna take him for a walk come home
I kind of want to finish the rest of my
tomato soup I didn't finish that earlier
so let's go take this Hound outside I'm
very very sweaty I don't know if that
you can pick that up on the camera but
Oh today was a hard gym day wasn't it I
was not at the gym I think I'm gonna
wrap up the vlog a little bit early
tonight because I have lots of editing
and uploading to do so hope you guys
don't mind if I'm ending it now I will
see you in the next vlog although I
don't think I'm gonna vlog tomorrow
because I have lots of running around to
do and just organizing before I leave to
Canada for basically two weeks so help
us alright I'll see you the day after
that when we are flying to Canada bye
you
