good morning Reggie he's going on a very
early walk this morning at about 7:15 in
the morning we're very tired he's very
tired but I think his energy just got
jolted by a squirrel he's not tired
I never seen Reggie time tired at night
yes not at night in the morning as soon
as he sees me you're downstairs
stretching he's up for it we're
stretching are you just having breakfast
some tea and some raspberries and I've
just put up a new Instagram if you're
not following me on Instagram go follow
me link is in the description I just put
up this picture which I love I love
Instagram so much I really like this
picture that Ashlyn took of me I don't
know it's really fun I really like
sparked up a new love affair with
Instagram I mean I never stopped loving
it I never stopped loving you I'm eating
again well technically I didn't really
have breakfast I just had a couple of
raspberries which frankly don't cut it
but I'm having raspberries in a
different form I'm having a real
obsession with raspberry jam I love it
seeds and of course come on come on this
is very hard to do vlogging with one
hand and doing yeah I have no
coordination at all all right I'm just
heading out now trying to fix my hair
but I thought I'd show you what I've got
on today my shirt is accidentally tucked
into my jeans bare with me here okay so
I'm wearing this like semi sheer silk
tank top thing I've got on this sweater
that has a hood which I've put over top
of my leather jacket like this regular
jeans love these jeans and these boots
from Reagan bone which I absolutely love
so yeah that is my entire look today hey
guys just stuck in traffic as per normal
but I am head
to a meeting with the guys who designed
my website it's our final meeting just
like fix any little quirks that are
wrong with it like for instance there
isn't a search bar so that's what I'm
doing today
it says the sat-nav twenty five more
minutes so let's see but I've been
sitting in the same spot for quite a
while
here's what gloomy old London looks like
today
cheer up London I don't know why it's
like this I can't
getting look at this is even a cactus
actually there's three cacti so I just
finished the meeting with Rob and Ryan
very good as always we got a few things
that were just tweaking about the site
and now I'm gonna go home and walk
Reggie and then as with and I are doing
something very exciting
hello again so I am back in the car with
ashlynn over there because we are
heading to our first pottery class which
is so exciting because we booked this
like a month or two ago and I yeah we
booked it a long time ago because they
sell it really quickly and I've been
wanting to do a pottery class for so
long and I'm really excited that
tonight's the night I feel like I've
been really loved that much today and
honestly just because I've been very
busy could you test to that
yeah I mean I think you've been doing
stuff all day yeah so I've been doing
stuff all day and I feel like I haven't
had a single like five minute break so
it's like been a bit go go go go go so
yeah I wasn't really vlogging because I
was literally just editing and uploading
videos all day long and scheduling them
for the next week because I'm doing a
video every day this month so yeah Azlan
and I were absolutely starving and we
didn't have long before our pottery
class and honestly I think we're both
just in the frickin mood to go to
McDonald cuz we are disgusting humans
but you know what sometimes everyone
needs a little a little junk food in
their life that the truth so yeah we're
driving to McDonald's right now before
because this is like in the direction of
the pottery class so we're passing it
anyway yeah I'm gonna regret this when
I'm in the gym tomorrow morning but Yolo
Yolo so we're pulling up to the
drive-through and Azam's like how many
filet-o-fish should I get two or five I
like when people have logged the
drive-through so basically as entire
like should we go in or should we sit in
the car need it and both of us were like
sitting in the car we we like this like
it's like sitting in the car and oh yeah
I saw way better because you know the
car fills up with the smell disgusting
and I just find it so intimate and yeah
that's a great way describe it's an
intimate McDonald easy experience
perfect prequel to her pottery date
night
cuties with cuties only getting philia
fishes and pottery classes fishing this
is we're almost there game we're almost
there
I always get the same thing I gotta get
one double cheese burger large fries and
a bottle of water yes and could also get
two fillet of fish and a Maltesers
McFlurry please no drink
thank you no drink okay it's a beautiful
night for some McDonald come to mama
and come to Papa well our dinner date is
over so good it smells so good I did not
tell him to do that
the smell of the McDonald's banging
after you've eaten everything I've never
done that I'm just joking I never do
that anyway that was amazing with
experience by the way guys I mean you
haven't had with Ellen's in a while and
then you have it again and you're like
oh yeah that's the stuff I've been
missing I feel super greasy and like I
am a balloon a balloon a balloon that's
trying to not be a balloon not be a loon
that's trying to be a I don't know what
a balloon that's trying to be
what's up little balloon anyway I filled
out I feel very bloated let's just put
it that way but anyway whatever it felt
great at the time so we're on our way to
the pottery class yo gang we're back as
you can see I'm not in the pottery class
and that's because it was so awk to vlog
in there's no it was just very confined
and tight and once we started working
with the clay the hands your hands are
dirty and you know it just wasn't it
wasn't the reduces to the vlogging
environment that being said we had a
great time I had a good time so
basically we made pinch pots the clock
it was three hours like this was no two
20 minute session type things no action
was like three and a half hours made
little sculptures each yep so I'm
excited to show you what they start
looking like but it's quite a long
process but anyway I found it oddly
therapeutic and I'm really glad we went
and the teacher was really nice she was
very nice as they had a little bit of an
idea
basically to show the different types of
slip and glazes they have little like
pucks on the wall the glaze is done and
they're hung on a nail and I stated but
off of there
no Chuck minute stretch I like really
bad hand-eye coordination so I was like
trying to get this like piece of ceramic
back hung up on the wall and I couldn't
get it in the hole we've all been there
get so frustrated you're kept inside
trying to same area just it must be
there you have to be there okay guys I
realize this doesn't sound very funny
well you have to be there you're telling
the story again and I don't even find it
funny and I'm right there yeah plus you
know we work with delirious dangerous
three-hour sessions though
so Aslan just dropped us off on the
street and by us I mean myself and Lucy
will you'll remember now I didn't saw a
lot of quite a few comments on the love
saying it who the hell is Lucy we're
walking to uncoming people right now
hang on
so we're gonna get up here anyway
exciting times Lucy works with me so
that's why she's always around but we
are heading right to the body shop for
the meetup but first we're gonna go into
cret and get a snack because mom's got
you two glorious hot chocolates and
we're going to split a chocolate crystal
so this is the calm before the storm the
fun storm so basically I can give you a
pens nobody's inside yet just the staff
and all the whores we're just gonna be
anything so yeah I guess we're just
waiting to let people in kind of nervous
are you nervous thank you all for coming
tonight there's so many faces I'm
staring at right now and and obviously
all know that I have nail art kit out
which I'm really excited about because
as everyone probably is verging say a
million times I used to work with the
body shop for three years I loved it and
it was such a fun time for me it was
really the beginning of my beauty
obsession so when I was asked to do this
I was so excited and I couldn't believe
it and we worked really hard on the
packaging and everything and selecting
the colors and the nail designs because
I wanted something easy because I'm not
the most gifted nail arts human so I
wanted to be able to show you guys
something that's cute but also that
everyone can do so let's go mingle I'm
gonna come through me everybody and take
loads of pictures and have fun
okay guys
me I'm just taking over as that good
night yesterday is doing an old meeting
at look at this amazing amazing dog toy
that we got one of the to the girls here
hey Brady this amazing toy and it's got
so many speakers in it it's incredible
you're gonna love it
the party is still going on very very
popular very hot people are getting the
makeup done stays neat people the nail
art hits of being snapped up good oh my
God look it's a stay over there time to
stay over here five minutes ten minute
break another waiting us time wave to so
what really well I've had so much fun
meeting everybody
so I think things are winding down thing
over here well we're all trying to leave
but the door is stuck so it might be
here all night but I'm sure as ins gonna
get his big muscles out to the G we can
make it through there okay we can make
it through there gang come on that was
an eventful and - an eventful evening
well anyway Adam and I both had a great
night as it was mingling Kwaito backs
are you taking like so many healthy how
many samples are taken tonight so thank
you so much again to the body shop
thanks so much again to everybody who
came along I'm gonna leave a link a
little sneaky little link in the
description box if you want to buy my
nail kit it's available online in the UK
and in Flex stores in the UK all of the
Oxford Street stores will have them in
stock though
so yeah speaking of Oxford Street we are
currently on Oxford Street and it is
beautiful so we just got home I'm gonna
give him this toy this was from a girl
named Sally is that right I remember
because I really like the name Sally I
told her he was gonna love it which he
clearly does gave me this toy been a
long day thank you so much for everybody
who came to the meetup it was super nice
and it was really nice to be able to you
know meet so many people and already
chilled out environment people I'm
really glad I came
oh that's nice all right Kay so we're
gonna wrap it up and we'll see you in
the next one bye
okay thanks Sally I really like my new
toy I really like so many squeakers are
in it
thanks so much bye bye I am currently on
the couch editing some videos and it
just gives you a little teaser of what's
to come on my main channel which by the
way go subscribe to my main channel
youtube.com slash este lalande a link is
in the description box
