good morning everyone today is a
beautiful Sunday indeed beautiful what's
not my face oh no it's on the screens
never mind
I've just filmed a video we've already
had breakfast walked Reggie yeah but
you've seen that a thousand times so I
thought there was no point blogging
about today but it is it's been 11 o
clock in the morning and we have a
packed schedule and nah I'm on the
search I'm on the hunt for something
major today yeah you know anyway so you
know how much I love those pink pickles
look at my hair I'm on the hunt for
those pink pickles today and apparently
this store called Green Valley has it
that's what everybody says I don't know
we've never been there before so I'm
heading there right now so far it's
looking quite promising it's got the
lights on it's saying enter me and to me
and enter me and get your pickles I'm
very excited no cars guys look at the
freakin amounts of baklava are you
seeing this oh my gosh oh my gosh wow
this is insane
this is insane we're oh wow I'm in the
right place right now I'm pretty sure
these are mangoes but I've never seen
ones that look like that and I just want
to show you how gigantic these apples
are this place is heavenly as one's over
there oh my god I feel like this would
be the section would you say oh I see
them are those a vehicle turnips oh look
at the big jars up there oh my god oh my
god okay if you know me you know that
I've been paying like 2 pounds 50 for
like a small thing of these pickles I'm
freaking addicted medium small a lot
well who knows maybe these aren't the
same so we better just get a small small
yeah I mean these are the same
huh they're the same okay get meeting
them yeah because this is like you can
keep this in my fridge like okay anyway
but now I'm really pleased with the
month favorite so there's also all of
these pickles pickle cucumber pickle
these things these things oh my gosh
these are turnips but they look
different
oh it smells like them very red oh my
gosh candy section maybe there's like
different things here if I might be
interested in and also getting some of
these flat breads because we ordered
Lebanese food last night and they didn't
include the fret flat bread flat flat
breads any flat breads yo which ones to
get which ones these the bigger the
better medium white okay here's here's
these massive ones okay Wow oh those are
big so we haven't had pomegranates in
ages so we have to get to get one or two
let's go let's get one Oh
add it to the pile oh my God look at all
of these beautiful desserts but I think
we're gonna get the baklava
I mean how can you choose between all of
these items wow that was a great success
I was so pleased with that and we bought
some baklava as you saw and really good
and the guy was really kind of actually
there's something called a macaroon
which is different round shape the thing
it doesn't taste like dates worth and so
it looked like and I just wanted to try
one I was gonna buy one but the guy was
really kind of just gave me one he's
like to try just kind of just gave him
one and ain't gonna get that in Tesco
you're gonna get that in Tesco and
Sainsbury's and Asda no no no no no and
I just think that's you know that's
gonna get us back in there again
yeah that's classic you know Middle
Eastern hospitality you know I loved it
so I'm really excited to actually get
home and eat those pickles mm-hmm I hope
the same that's like really weird maybe
I'll show this later but we've got like
a really hot shirt now I know just show
now look at this cheese it's like
spaghetti but it's cheese just when I
wouldn't put that in the cart I was like
it could be great though imagine like
putting that on salads or something yeah
so that was if I eat salad anyway now
we're gonna put this stuff back in the
car I'm just putting it on a grilled
cheese language you understand now we're
gonna put this up in the car and head to
the grocery store because we need more
food what do you like the actual main
bulk of them weekly shop yeah and as I
need mouthwash because his breath be
stanky Oh Aslan is literally insane
we're going to the grocery store and
they're probably gonna have his
mouthwash okay he uses this particular
kind of mouthwash he doesn't want to
risk going to the Tesco to the grocery
store because they might not have this
kind of mouthwash that he wants so fine
fine so he wants to go to boots the
drugstore so he's parked the car now I
don't know if you'll be able to see my
predicament right now but we're
literally parked right in front of these
gates and if i zoom in it actually says
right here no parking at any time gates
and constant use
so now I'm sitting here on edge waiting
for someone to try to use these gates I
mean I guess it doesn't really matter at
the end of the day cuz I can just drive
off I've got the keys right here but you
know I just this is the kind of stuff
that makes me very worked up about 20
minutes later as one comes back in a
tizzy ah
so I noted myself I forgot my wallet at
home
and I didn't realize that until I
already stood in the line for 20 minutes
because it's a Sunday and it's boots
anak sweets was busy because there got
to the front of the lines I know crap
and I wallet and Apple pay didn't work
there for some reason and he's been
banging on and on about Apple pay oh
yeah the one time I actually really
needed you failed me so are we gonna
just go to Tesco and take the risk I
suppose yeah yeah unless you give me
your card and I yeah if you want to go
back
dan and IQ again let's just get out of
here let's get out of here why can't
like life less and don't come talk to
Serena send me standard send it it's
gonna be okay
I'm hungry are you doing that lunch yeah
I'm starving
whoa we don't know what time is it now
12:40 I'm gonna be back by 2:00 no time
no time
blue jean baby la lady seamstress for
the bang ballerina you must need my
ballerina dancing in the fame
slowly
hold me closer tiny dancer count the
headlights on the highway
hold me closer tiny dancer going grocery
shopping now
I had a do we need ice I don't know I've
had a very very odd craving for it
chicken pot pies so that's what I got
I'm approaching the mouthwash section
and I don't even want to be around when
I was in discovers they don't have his
Listerine they were he was right he was
right all along
I should just learn to trust him I just
got back from a glorious massage
Reggie's yearning it's not really a
massage as such it's actually kind of
like a sports massage to like help me
with my back so I can stand up properly
because I have a lot of back problems as
everybody knows see I haven't actually
seen him for like three weeks and it was
kind of like building and building and
building so I feel so much better anyone
knows what that feels like it sucks so
now I feel so much better and as one's
just helping one of our neighbors trying
to like organize his garage or something
so I'm gonna make him a cup of tea and
bring it out because I'm cute like that
and it's cold and he's been out there
for a while okay miss you better start
smiling here so giving me that sass
there you go we're gonna put this
to the test right now okay thank oh I
was gonna try to pronounce that but now
here we go
no we can do it can you do it ladies
this has done
nice okay now first ten smell test they
smell the same thing poke it
just go for the whole thing I need a
smaller one yeah
don't be able to go for the whole thing
ready yeah oh my god the same same taste
yeah bit too sour maybe yeah this
is very it's very sighs it's good
it's strong strong stuff
where's our I'm not faking this I can't
help it yeah I think if you chop it up
and do it when you chop it up it won't
be good I wanna be not particularly if
it's that Sarah please don't be a wuss
hey guys here
there's the kind of the same but the
kind of difference
what are they very different not since
all oh I think they're similar son of a
very different
nobody knows crunches ever yeah he's a
very well I think cuz we just need to
put them in the fridge please be
clicking for a long long while but
they'll do they'll do they'll do yeah
that would be anyway as one's gonna try
this cheese now the cheese what does it
smell like well the most important test
smell like white cheese okay seven okay
it's cheese oh it's hard
oh just like that is not am i expected
oh is it good oh good really trial
versus I don't know if I want you you
like it like it's like salty you like
that stuff okay no I just don't like the
texture I didn't go there Wow
girlfriend yeah like don't even go there
girlfriend Reggie is going for his
evening stroll yeah that's right
he gets taken around the block a couple
of times a day looking mighty fine I
must say mmm back at home and look what
I stays got in the oven and delicious
chicken pot pie take it out you got
darling I hope this is as good as I
imagined it being my mind hmm
like grandma makes chicken pot pie I
don't think of some use I don't think
your Tesco's got hater gonna grab my
chicken pot pie
that'd be an insult to marriage so we
know it ain't gonna be easy you know
what can I do
you gotta try you're just gonna try the
chicken pot pie
so you gonna do gotta try the chicken
pop
yeah bounce it bounce it yeah
King buck buy chicken pot pie chicken
pot pie alright you're doing you're like
mom dad you forgot about that but he's
so good at just laying here waiting for
it I am currently on the couch editing
some videos and just gives you a little
teaser of what's to come on my main
channel which by the way go subscribe to
my main channel youtube.com slash este
Lalande
a link is in the description box had to
be done and Reggie is taking a nice
little snooze seem to have a slight rash
on my neck thank you looks like that
sexy what is that what is that anyway
I'm gonna end today's vlog here just
continue editing I might edit this vlog
and upload it so I hope you enjoyed
coming along with us this Sunday Aslan's
eating a bowl of that cheese stuff yeah
and I will see you in the next one bye
