good morning I'm running very late I
have a class at the gym and our lab
didn't golf this morning so I'm very
late I don't think my nose has been so
red my face is so red I know that's what
flying does to me okay fill up my water
bottle
I literally just woke up like two
minutes ago
random stare got always tough on ran
down stairs and now I turned my camera
you're just getting a drink I don't
blame him
but you have a nice sleep last night um
okay so going to the gym now back from
the gym and I did a grocery haul I'm
just gonna show you what I got
chef's medley got that the other day and
I liked it of course just to counteract
the healthiness Doritos I frickin love
these chili heatwave Doritos raspberries
sugar drop tomatoes celery for my juices
blueberries bananas carrots apples mini
avocados which never taste is good but I
like that they're small so they don't
really go to waste a cucumber some Kiwi
and that is it the struggle was real in
the gym today I just like I think when
you're really tired there's really no
point going cuz you can't do anything
anyway but whatever at least I did it
I'm gonna go take a shower because I
feel freaking gross you might not be
able to tell but I just took a shower
dried my hair it's in the clip right now
because I just cannot be bothered I just
can't anyway it's now 11:30 in the
morning and I finally just made
breakfast an egg on toast a big
which I cannot wait to drink so I am
going to enjoy this breakfast and
hopefully feel a little more alive as I
just got back from the gym - this is
non-stop here like you're lucky I don't
blog this every time it happens cuz he's
literally non-stop squatting why don't
you show the viewers what you've done to
our living room when I was away and you
know what I'm talking about it may or
may not be some plantations to the
household although I think there's a
little too much there's a black bear big
plant there and there's a big Blount
here and there's another big plot kind
of biggest button there what I think
it's all too much one of them has to go
somewhere else where's it gonna go I
don't know we'll see yeah maybe maybe in
the bedroom in between us so you don't
get so you stop freaking turning over
the red anyway I am just uploading some
vlogs just gonna upload an export and
upload all day it seems because the
Internet's being a little bit slow and
reggie's here keeping me company this is
the best boy oh my gosh I saw that
little whip it I don't know its name but
she knew Reggie yeah it's a wit was a
whip it in like a wiener dog yeah and I
had to give him a pet oh oh he's ro Qing
just a little bit he's a little
camera-shy
Reggie and I are going on a little
stroll it's his afternoon walk time and
it's kind of rainy but it's actually
quite mild out so it's really nice and
you didn't have to wear his coat today
which is good he doesn't really like
wearing it BAE and I went into print
Bret I'm on che
manga let's see what we got I'm trying
to vlog it okay I got a beat look at how
blue this is blue look at this oh yeah
camera setting so anyway this is beep
beautiful I'm gonna get I'm gonna have
its Apple carrot beet root and ginger
and Azen got this almond almond banana
and cashew I am on my way to the body
shop headquarters which is over there a
little bit further because I have to
sign loads and loads of boxes of my nail
art kit so I'm gonna go sign them right
now such a closeup view of the shard
we're literally like right under it I
love the shard so much it's a very great
day as you can see miserable day you
could even say so we're just unpacking
loads and loads of my nail art kids
we're just so exciting so I'm gonna sign
a bunch and I wanted to vlog the first
one that I signed so we don't know if I
should sign it on the front or the back
or what can you hold the camera please
thanks the back I think here very nice
so I do my last name do does that road
jump I think just bad and apart why not
right oh my god that's a lot of pictures
of me I think they look so cool this is
such a weird like out-of-body experience
I think wants me to like get on the
table and take a picture yeah I just
don't have to walk back in and be like
what the hell are you doing you should I
get on it anyway take my shoes off body
shop is so close to Borough Market I
thought and I decided to come here for
lunch hungry what do we get that's the
question
let's I just want to show you what we're
looking at right now but I want food I
want real food so I don't know it's
still busy even on like a Friday don't
make sense I mean Friday's a it's always
busy let's be real any day of the week
can we get some of those big cookies
yeah we're on it I think they're over
there look at that
so happy right now now what am I gonna
have I'm not sure there's this delicious
raclette stuff I don't know if you guys
seen this before
nigga it's basically these special
cheese block
looks like a giant something some pad
thai not sure there's also a giant rose
to the hog some more sausage stuffs and
Chinese that but you know what I think
I'm going to go bit further down and get
myself a thali but I haven't had one of
those in a long while
there it is I'm gonna get a Gujarati
Tully and the rice the dog aloo look at
this we are not playing around this
looks freakin amazing
happy now okay so now what I think we're
gonna try and see if we can grab a bit
of dessert cuz I stay caught herself the
cookie but I haven't got myself any
dispenser
okay but then they didn't shut up
yeah but go this way back
yes finally we found it the Beretta
headstall and you know why this is good
I'll tell you why I'll show you why this
is good this place is good because of
these amazing amazing doughnuts I ain't
no American donut this is a British
doughnut right here nice day doesn't
actually like them this is literally the
biggest piece of bread obstacle I've
ever seen in my entire life and it just
keeps going and here's my hand for scale
this thing isn't freaking huge don't
make the mistake of going for a fruit
one get the caramel one get the freakin
caramel one you know that's the best
likely ripple something it does it does
it does okay it try something new
all right so athlean got himself a chai
tea latte but what you realized halfway
through that what you really wanted was
a toffee nut latte but oh well I made my
choice I'm gonna have to line it serious
first of all problem I'm gonna have to
stick with my try key loudly and I got
this the Apple version of my favorite
drink the hot mulled fruit so I'm gonna
try this for the first time major update
I hate the Apple one with a passion Oh
with a passion
strong strong if you like like pumpkin
lattes and like that
this is for you I am grape all the way
do you want to drink it no thank you
all right did you flip your pinky yeah
I'm not very good is my opinion sorry
pinky yo yo yo what's up what's up yo do
hip-hop and hip-hop and Bebop when I
wear hats like this my inner wrapper
comes out
when you wear a being when I wear a be
me well is it because whenever you want
to be near the kids just everyone to yo
yo check it one time I like I like to
tear your chips yeah I like to tear
chips I like sour cream to I like salsa
yeah do I like guacamole yeah do check
it one time check it one time it's all
I've got right now I don't have a I
don't have a flow right now yeah my
flows been better
speaking of flows I have stomach cramps
right now see opposed the and flow
that's my rapper name
that's my rapper name and flow hello yo
keep paying a visit go next week yo
anyway tonight is a night where I'm
gonna be relaxing on the couch with my
hot water bottle but right now I'm gonna
eat some crisps and watch the final ever
episode of Buffy the Vampire Slayer I've
been putting it off and putting it off
but I don't know if you know I stated I
actually managed to make the way through
all seven seasons of Buffy the Vampire
Slayer about three months
Brett it's been a real journey for you
hasn't it I love this show yeah you know
we're gonna start tonight I'm really
excited about what I think keeps you
there states never seen peep show and I
really want us to what every single
feature episode before the new season
comes out well I think it's coming out
pretty like in about four days yeah
we're not gonna be able there but it'll
try it I really like the idea of peeps
yeah that's pretty funny pretty funny
show I'm a hip old granny who can hip
hop beat bop dance till you drop and yo
you'll make a wicked cup of cocoa if you
know what that's from leave a comment
down below and I will love you
forever anyway I'm just chillin like a
villain my parents don't know yeah but
not to me it's a guy thing anyway um I'm
gonna go make a cup of tea just chill
out so I think I'm worried about end it
here right yeah should I carry you into
the kitchen
sorry independent well CK okay come on
come on oh we're gonna end today's vlog
this is the first kind of shows brute
strength yeah okay guys we'll see you in
the next one okay so I got a bunch of
tweets this morning saying that I was on
the cover of the Irish Independent which
is absolutely crazy to me here's Gael my
new best friend and all these girls who
read the talk I was at yesterday who you
saw in the vlog
