good morning everyone is 7:30 in the
morning when my alarm went off I was
like no um anyway it what am I saying
oh yeah just finish putting on my makeup
took a shower my eyes were so dry this
morning you have no idea I was like I
don't have eyedrops with me and I was
like in the shower like opening my eye
like please I drink my eyeballs anyway
what can you do right so I thought I
would show you what was in my makeup bag
I don't know if you care but I'm going
to show you so let's do this so I
thought I'd show you like a couple of my
skin care business toothpaste I bought
in the airport
some soap and glory body cream by derma
these are all my MV organic products
that I love and this is the Mero Maya
cleansing balm wish I used to take off
my makeup when I'm traveling but batiste
this is my foundation this is the by
Terry don't Solis toothbrush this is my
Beauty Blender because well I'll suede
out in a minute
gloss but there was only one makeup
brush in this entire bag
I forgot all my makeup brushes and I
actually think I did a pretty good job
with my makeup considering like have you
ever tried to put on bronzer with a
Beauty Blender it's tricky so anyway
I've got my Beauty Blender I've got my
foundation I showed you powder which I
can't use this is my Burberry eyeshadow
and Herald mark pale barley because you
can see I've hit pan on it it's like one
of my favorite eyeshadows the bongs
frat-boy blush which I couldn't use
because I have no brushes I have the Mac
two one seven for my eyeshadow thank God
I brought the Charlotte Tilbury whatever
this is called film-star bronze & Glow
two concealers one by terry and one
collection one for my eyebrows I brought
the Anastasia brow Wiz as well as the
benefit gimme brow this is the Charlotte
Tilbury cream eyeshadow these are called
eyes to mesmerize I'm pretty sure this
is the shade bet mine doesn't have a
label on the bottom but it's like a
bronzy cold and as you can see I use it
all the time I love this stuff
eyelash curlers and the fairy drops
mascara screw this cap back on
oh yes that's pretty much it I'm
currently just finishing up my makeup oh
no I can show you this lipstick it's
remold one which I've been loving it's
called nude and the city I got it in
Canada and it is honestly the most
gorgeous nude this is definitely gonna
be my favorites anyway I'm just trying
to pack everything up quickly oh god the
shower this morning was so nice you know
and you just I woke up shivering and
then I didn't want to like I got in the
shower and I was like I'm so cool I
don't get the shower and then the water
was so warm and I did not want to get
out I was in there for so long I just
like make me warm and then as soon as I
stepped out of the shower it was frickin
freezing so it was like damn it anyway
I'm rambling so this is the sitch
just gotta pack this stuff up so this is
my view right now I'm having breakfast
with all my friends but this place is
really cool it's like gigantic and fancy
anyway this is my breakfast this is what
I chose from the buffet fries piece of
bread nut toast scrambled eggs fruit and
some orange juice and some TV they
really can't go wrong so I got a bunch
of tweets this morning saying that I was
on the cover of the Irish independent
which is absolutely crazy to me
here's Gail my new best friend and all
these girls who read the talk I was out
yesterday who you saw in the blog that
is so cool I'm so excited so it's on
page 2 to 5 I'll have to let's see what
else is there
no I just ripped that 2 to 5
oh my god there I am again why is my
now that's not the most flattering
picture of me is it that's potentially
the worst picture we have ever seen in
my life
how cool though how amazing I'm so
excited so today we are at the web 7
again we're on the fashion stage and as
you can see nobody's on there right now
but we're waiting for the first speaker
today by we I mean Colin diamond are
ignoring me whatever so you know I read
Murray condos book and I actually just
met a girl who works with her she's
somewhere in the audience
Vicki and I had to get my seat but I
hope I see her after because that's just
a fascinating person to meet in this so
yeah we'll just wait for the next topic
you know I didn't expect to see quite so
many people I thought it might be two or
three of you we were kind of growing up
in club culture at that time I remember
I mean I grew up in clubs I lived in
Clarks then perhaps were everything to
me and that's where I kind of you know
about interdisciplinary thinking I
learned about the synergy between
subculture and pop and subculture in pop
culture grouping on bags like me bow in
mint tea and Medina drum and bass DJs
and then we would have like fashion
performances and all of that was about
the synergy of art fashion music
nightlife and you know so much I feel
that nightclubs globally by the way
since they're you know since the 50s
since the beginning of youth culture
nightclubs in the nightlife have been
the kind of laboratories for ideas that
have gone on to influence pop culture
and pop culture owes everything to
subculture what pop culture does it rips
off the most commercial aspects of
subculture and doesn't give it any
credibility and doesn't give it any
payback and people that live in
subculture and know what's going to
happen in pop culture five years in
advance of this happens it happens
chatting with you because we've been
talking so much about social media and
how its impacted on the fashion industry
about modeling
so we'll hopefully shares some really
good insights with you today - si let's
start with you because people know you
around the world
you're followed by over a million people
on YouTube Instagram you on a Twitter
page of Facebook so can you give us a
little sense of how you use your channel
the industry doesn't it yeah I think
that's right it's from the front row of
the Burberry show and originally and
still technically a fashion show is a
b2b event it is for a designer to
showcase their upcoming designs to the
retailer base to the editors of the
magazines to the buyers from the
Department of Tourism and is it really
difficult using social media all of the
time I know you recently went to the
digital detox and that's why I want to
ask you loved yeah so I recently did a
video called the digital detox and I
spent 48 of the longest hours of my life
the internet or even music no TV and
yeah that was an experiences especially
someone who is just obsessed with
consuming content all the time but you
know I can definitely understand the
pressures of it I experienced it almost
every day where I you know you just you
feel quite judged for everything you do
you know but that being said I've always
I've always just been really I've always
been confident in what I've been posting
I never feel like I cross any lines
really and I always know oh I don't
really want to post this this sort of
stuff and I always put something that's
really true to the moment and I try not
to let social media kind of consume my
life too much we're all done here at the
Web Summit it's been an amazing
experience I've met so many new people
it's been really fun it's been a really
like different experience for me it was
really good I got rained on so that's
that's what's happening with my hair
just waiting for our bags heading to the
airport going home the other thing is
chaos we all remember from yesterday
injuries in the newspaper with him
alongside bees she brought me these
she brought me these Cato's and she says
they're the best things ever and
apparently this is a really big thing
here in Ireland which was really cool
actually gave her a packet of my crisps
yesterday cuz she was so hungry so she
said she is gonna repay me with these so
I can't wait to try them I'm gonna save
it for when I get home tonight sometimes
there is nothing better than some
Airport pizza mm-hmm
all done with the pizza but I have a
little bit of time left so I'm going to
edit my video from last night so I
forgot my headphones but yeah that's
what I'm gonna be doing okay hello I'm
home back in the UK between my lip and
my two front teeth oh let's quickly get
rid of it I did that's why you're like
oh yeah I still honestly can't believe
this this is crazy
in Ireland for probably 12 hours on the
common a tional newspaper no big baby no
I called my mom and told her and she's
like oh my god news must have been slow
in Ireland like anyway Athens ordered
tortilla so I'm in freaking heaven right
now
yeah although come on that's awful I
said a bowl but instead it was a burrito
I said I wanted some bull and you've got
me a burrito yes that's what I have a
burrito yeah I screwed up so we actually
do double check our text conversations
and the loser had to give the other one
a kiss they ended up kissing me tonight
yeah and we've got Reggie man who in but
he is terrified because it's one Friday
night and he doesn't like fireworks so
today is anyway have you been since I've
left um good you know just enjoying the
horrible anyway at least literally it
started raining when you left but it
hasn't stopped soon but yeah it's been
alright you know you're missing missing
you would just be missing you too okay
back in my comfort zone with my hair
slicked back I look like a rat shark
anyway we've got tea
my face is flaming red and now we're
going to binge eat these candies what we
got in here
Haribo nuts on the back what if what
happens up I don't okay here it is guy
just in case you're wondering what the
freakout is about it's about this tiny
way up here kills must have sent over
over this sent this over when I was gone
and I'm very excited to eat these things
in and we're both tired and I stay
pronounced how did you pronounce please
earlier I was like please please can we
have some tea from now on please is now
please please please and we're gonna
watch first dates I can't remember if I
said that yes so we you should have a
great night I'll see you in the next one
bye bye bye come back again please
thanks bye bye think of the dogs okay
get over a guy Fox stop with the
fireworks my life and my hotel room is
in Seine I only have 15 minutes to get
ready so I'm gonna show you guys around
the hotel after but I just thought I'd
say this room is grey
