good morning everyone I'm here at the
airport it is 5 o'clock in the morning
struggle is real struggle is very real
anyway my alarm went off this morning at
4 a.m. and I was like no this cannot be
happening but if you don't feel too bad
I just need to get my I need to warm my
cockles in other words I need a cup of
tea so I'm gonna head some security
right now and hopefully find some food
look at this beautiful Christmas tree
I'm heading straight for the Wonder tree
cafe and restaurant which is over there
I've been there before and they have
some tasty grub yep that's what I'm
doing this morning the food has arrived
finally I've got scrambled eggs on toast
and Paula also got scrambled eggs on
Toshi coffee paint and if you've never
met Paula
this is Paula Paula works that storm
she's the coolest coolest woman ever
I love Paula and can I show them your
jeans absolutely okay Paula's jeans are
from Zara and they are the coolest thing
ever and you've been getting all these
compliments miss thang made it onto the
plane
waiting for it to take off interesting
times
have literally nothing else to say
nothing at all goodbye for now so I've
just made it to the hotel we had an
absolutely hilarious cab driver just so
funny it's a great introduction to
Ireland this is my first time here so
that's really good and like I said in my
last blog I remember I didn't say it
again today but I'm here for the Web
Summit oh it's dark in here um but
anyway I'm really excited and my hotel
room is in Seine I only have 15 minutes
to get ready so I'm gonna show you guys
around the hotel after but I just
thought I'd say this room is gray it's
great okay so I get me good get ready
put some dry shampoo in my hair sort out
my face and I'll be back so I've made it
I've got my makeup on and I'm heading to
the Web Summit if I can find it and as
you can see I've got my entourage in the
background
Simon and Paula they are the dream team
so I've dragged them along with me to
Ireland good times I think we're gonna
get crunk tonight no drinking poses
anyway yeah so we're heading there I've
got a talk on the main stage yes should
be good very very much very I'm really
looking forward to it is what I'm trying
to say here's the entrance looks packed
okay I think everyone's already inside I
don't know where we go but I have to get
my little badge so this is the inside of
the Web Summit
in short lots of stands talking about
web and tech related things and that's
what's going on here I'm a great vlogger
today aren't I I'm having a little snack
now carrot cake couldn't resist and I
found a three leaf clover cookie so it's
pretty good water tea in a Facebook Cup
which is kind of cool the first have to
get some tea in my system
so the whole thing
so I just finished the talk and all
these lovely girls were watching and
they gave this is cool do you guys want
to be in the thumbnail let's just
pretend to take a picture right now act
excited okay so I just got back to my
hotel it is around 3:30 so I've been
doing lots of stuff lots of like
interviews and panels and things and
news it was actually really fun I'm
quite knackered now but I wanted to show
you a quick hotel room tour because this
hotel room is crazy oh that's right
there we go keep it here so I wanted to
show you my room so when you walk in it
is this big space and then here's the
bathroom right here which is massive so
you have the toilet in here little thing
here and then this is the bathroom like
I don't know if you can tell how big
this is but it's freaking huge like
there's a shower here and a tub
obviously it's my laptop with my makeup
all set up here but um yeah it's just
it's beautiful then here is a little
area where you can make like teas
coffees and all that stuff and then this
is the actual room which is glorious
this bed is massive I kid you not this
is like the biggest bed I've ever seen
like the here--just headboard so yeah
then there's a TV over here a little
table a chair and then there's like this
balcony which I think you can even step
out onto if you really wanted to
there's my view my eyes look so blue in
the sunlight today I know people are
gonna ask me if they're not my real eyes
but they are my real eyes my eyes
actually change color depending on the
day and the weather sometimes they're
like a really dark grey blue other times
they're like really bright blue like
this but you know just my face what can
I do anyway I am going to take a little
break I want to edit some videos answer
some emails do that sort of stuff as
well and just chill
maybe like watch TV for a bit I stole
some chips crisps from the Web Summit
they were free I didn't really steal
them so I can snack on those later
so I'm gonna chill out probably get my
loungewear on and then later on we're
heading out for dinner so that's around
7:30 so I've got a couple hours so yeah
I will see you in a bit by the way it
was so cool seeing so many of you at the
web summit after my panel because I
wasn't actually expecting that because I
thought this is more of like an industry
thing but it was really cool to meet all
of you and a special shout out to Gail I
just really liked Gail a lot and I gave
her some of my chips because she was
hungry so and I had two bags so anyway
so yeah it was really good to see you
all and thank you for all the nice
tweets everybody sent about my piano I'm
just trying to find the mute button
there we go good morning so it's
actually still the same day but I fell
asleep for a little while I mean I
didn't actually plan on having a an
elongated nap but it happened it
happened because I think my body was
like no you don't just wake up at 4:00
in the morning and expect to get away
with it I just sat in the bed and closed
my eyes and the rest is history isn't it
felt great though anyway it is 6:45 p.m.
so I'm just getting ready I've got on my
this is what I'm doing right now I'm
just curled up in a little ball I'm
wearing my black jeans in a black
sweater and I'm so cold
um but yeah I'm going up for dinner now
and nothing else to really report I
called aztlán on the phone him and
Reggie are doing well he actually sent
me a video of Reggie which I want to see
we always send each other videos of
Reggie because we just love that dog
let's see what it said as you can see as
one Reggie loving life over there
without me so yeah so I'm gonna continue
getting ready get my boots on and then
head out where food
so as you just saw I had a very
delicious dinner chicken and triple
fried chips good resist yeah I didn't
really vlog much because um Travis is
just like wasn't the time to vlog and I
was just having a really really really
nice dinner with Paula and Simon and one
of Paula's friends I mean it was just a
really interesting conversation and it's
so like this you know I hate being away
from home everyone knows that I love
Aslan and Reggie so much but I think
sometimes it's so nice to just like have
a you know just a little time in a
completely weird new environment and
just have conversations with people you
don't normally get to have extended
conversations with and it's just a
really really enjoyable evening I have
to say but you just really good night I
have really nice night so yeah now it is
about 11:45 which is really really late
for me to be awake I did take a nap
though so it's fine I'm gonna wash my
face I have makeup all over me I'm gonna
wash my face and pack up all my stuff
because I've got to be awake tomorrow at
about 6:30 so yeah you wake at around
6:30 or 7:00 go have breakfast and then
check out of the hotel so I have to have
everything kind of ready in the morning
so yeah I got a lot of things to do
tomorrow as well I have another panel
tomorrow so you can come along with me
for that and yeah I hope you're having a
nice week and yeah that's my advice for
the day have a conversation with someone
you wouldn't normally have a
conversation with you can learn a lot
from people who you wouldn't normally
hang out with you know what I mean so
anyway that's just what's on my mind
right now
so anyway I'm gonna get ready and go to
bed and get my pajamas on and chill and
I'll see you tomorrow morning bye and I
just have to say I just called aztlán
because I always call him before I go to
bet if I'm away I was like hey it's me
and he's just like um I'm just in the
middle of flossing can I call you back
just like that's so funny I was like SAS
the SAS levels on you like this is what
our relationship has begun
you're not even excited to hear for me
you just want to finish flossing your
teeth flashing flossing
I just want to flush my teeth anyway
okay goodbye for real now can you tell
them like really super lonely I'm like
don't leave me okay but for real bye
dessert has arrived I just took an
Instagram of all this you'll be seeing
it Sharon about this like really cool
pineapple types dessert I don't think
I'm kind of jealous of it not gonna lie
