mm how are you this morning
you good I am a drowned rat in drowned
rat the giant zit on my forehead oh you
can see don't worry it's only close-up
on your eyes how are you this morning a
sailor on he good okay are you gonna
have a good day today yeah yeah me too
I'm feeling slightly crowded out for
breakfast there we go we have all
over the place but anyway we're having a
porridge Berry's juice that's for the
porridge
yeah very healthy start to the day
Athens watching my vlogs from Toronto
cuz he hasn't seen them this is what
what you like to do watch my vlogs if
you're not there so nice okay
I curled my hair earlier and it's not
flattening anyway I am heading out I'm
going for lunch with a friend of mine
who you'll see I'm gonna try to get her
to vlog as I was trying to lick the
camera do you want to pull the camera I
can do an OOTD so this is what I'm
wearing today this is my coats for
Moritz eeeh this is from a ritzy in my
jeans and my rag-and-bone boots so yeah
that's the look to the boots match the
coat I'm late
oh yeah good thanks look good and that
Reggie he's not coming but she's having
a good one he's wearing Reggiano
parmigiano Reggiano
so I just got off the tube and I had
like whited and on experience basically
my like card didn't go through so I had
to ask for assistance long story short
she was like oh your cards been reported
stolen I'm gonna have to take this card
away from you and I didn't want her to
do that because it's like hooked up to
my debit card she's just like I'm gonna
have to take this card from you now so
she like rips the part out of my hand
I was like okay well like that one of my
men's to do she's like madam do you want
me to call the police on you you are
technically a criminal right now holding
a law a stolen a reported stolen car and
I was like I was really scared it was
like quite threatening I have to say
anyway
I'm now on busy busy busy busy obtrude
Street and I have to find this
restaurant so I need to get my google
maps out I'm located because I'm I'm
gonna be late otherwise yes what'd I
tell you that it was like quite scary
situation
I'm here in Marylebone and look how
Christmassy it looks st. Christopher's
place is decorated so beautifully anyway
it says it's a four minute walk so a
four minute walk I will do do you want
to be in my video please you're in it
already
this is sharing everyone who I don't
know did I vlog it the last time yeah I
don't think so Sharon is an
inspirational woman and she is hilarious
and amazing and wise and hold up that
guy Sharon say who you are and the
organic skin pen Sydney Australia
Australia and she created this beautiful
brand this stuff right here which I
talked about and loved all the time
anyway we're having lunch now I got the
steak and some fries and some carrots
and Sharon got some sort of fish and
mashed potatoes so yeah yeah you're
gonna eat now
dessert has arrived I just took an
Instagram of all this you'll be seeing
it Sharon about this like really cool
pineapple types dessert don't thing I'm
kind of jealous of it not gonna lie but
anyway I got this I can't be too jealous
it is peanut butter ice cream and
chocolate fum dum very fancy and jasmine
tea so we're just leaving the restaurant
and we see that this store is completely
covered in ribbons and it's like nothing
I've ever seen before
regi is an absolute bliss right now he
loves the piles of leaves
he just loves crunching through them
gives me so much joy just to watch him
go through it just try to call my mom
but apparently she was too busy for me
yeah so I haven't been vlogging but I
got home from lunch with Sharon which
was so amazing by the way I love Sharon
so much we have like a real connection
like oh he just like went on a date or
something but I don't know she just I
feel like we've known each other for so
long and I just really like spending
time with her I think she's awesome and
I love her brand and I love the way she
is and she's so funny and sassy and I
just I love it so much so if you've
never tried and the organic she gave me
another gentle cream cleanser which is
my all-time favorite cleanser anyway I'm
so nice to see her but when I got home I
felt so dizzy and like sick to my
stomach I have no idea why I probably
look a bit pale I don't know I felt like
I was gonna throw up so that wasn't
great and then my mom says I can call
her anyway then we took Reggie for a
walk as you saw and then I had a
conference call so that is what's been
happening and I'm gonna call my mom back
hang on hang on guys I also made a cup
of tea because I need tea in my life hey
mom that is fab anyway just got off the
phone with my mom
hilarious hilarious conversation not for
vlogging though I couldn't vlog it it
was it was it was the personal funny
conversation yeah anyway um I'm just
waiting for Aspen to get out of the
shower because we're
going to see a movie don't know why I
made that so traumatic but basically
there is a Steve Jobs movie that
everybody's been talking about I don't
actually know if it's out yet this is I
know people have seen it I think this is
like an early screening or something
Emilia is going so I'm gonna see her
there so yeah he's getting all dizzy it
up dizzy it up and I will see you when
we're on our way to see the movie we
just arrived here in Leicester Square we
got a walk to the right location in okay
behind me looks a lot like Aslan it is
him it's raining it's pouring the old
man is soaring nicely good yeah so we
are gonna go find this place it's just
the Empire
yeah my cinnabon I swear oooh that's why
it's a tonight ladies and gents this is
the view lots of peeps everywhere it's a
beautiful night beau despite the rain
when I see Amelia vlogging down there
it's funny cuz you're doing me exactly
get up here so I'm giving Amelia
surprise I don't know if you've ever had
these before but I know you like similar
things oh I hear raka
okay look
have you had these are so much better
than the plain ones yes me too
but they're the same vibes should you
put my gum your gum in my hand are we
have that level know something or you
can put it back in your mouth I'm going
to put my mouth
here's Amelia trying this out and I know
she's gonna love it
yeah I really like the movie actually
yeah this is really good really
interesting like it focuses a lot on his
like Steve Jobs family life like the
time never really read too much into or
heard about so it's really cool and
filmed interestingly and I'm sorry I had
a complete mind way except like god
those lights are bright who spills in a
really interesting way love Seth Rogen
love Kate Winslet love Jeff Daniels I
mean I love the whole cast
oh no I think it's definitely worth
seeing so we just got home and it's
about 9:30 in the evening I have a very
busy night ahead of me people I don't
know if this will be out by the time you
see this but when I was in LA in July I
was working on a really exciting
magazine shoot and I've been forced to
keep it secret and I think it's coming
out later this month and so I'm just
reading through everything and making
sure it's exactly as I wanted to be so
yeah I wish I could show you but I can't
but stay tuned because I'll show you and
it's just something that I'm really you
know what I'm not even gonna talk about
it now I want to talk about it at a
later time so I'm doing that and then I
have to take a shower dry my hair that
will rigmarole and everyone is just
going to get my suitcase because I am
heading on a trip tomorrow
I'm actually going to Ireland tomorrow
overnight for like a little quick
overnight trip there's something called
the Web Summit it's an island how did
you explain that I believe it is a
conference for Internet focused
businesses people yeah so it's like a
sort of like a tech conference there's
gonna be like loads of people from lots
of different tech brands
and I'm gonna be speaking on two of the
panel's because I have a tech related
job pretty cool and I wish Reggie could
go because he was actually born in
Ireland I might have a car coming to
pick me up and drive me to the airport
tomorrow at the car is coming at 4:20 in
the morning which is a miserable hour
isn't it and I'm already exhausted just
thinking about it so I'm going to finish
reading through this pack my suitcase
which is right over there
take a shower wash my hair upload a
video for tomorrow doing a lot of stuff
to hang so I hope you enjoyed today's
vlog I loved going to see the movie and
I love seeing Cher and of course I had a
great day today so yep I better crack on
with this otherwise I'll be up until 3
in the morning and then
have an hour's sleep and then I'm gonna
be a grump and you know what they say
about grumps they don't get no humps I
really had no idea where I was going
with that but you finished it up grumps
don't get no humps so I'm gonna wrap it
up and I will see you in the next one
and don't worry I'll be vlogging
tomorrow too so I'll see you tomorrow
bye
by the way you realize that this doesn't
contain any outdoor water right yeah
like she's actually giving you drunker
than I good this isn't the mulled wine
this is just mild okay juice
