happy Saturday everyone I just woke up
two seconds ago
boom it's weird because I didn't have
jet like yesterday that much but today I
woke up and I like didn't know where I
was didn't know what day it was didn't
know what time it was I was actually
like kind of scared hey yeah
like I was just like where am I I don't
know like it's really weird
did you think your native land honestly
yes it wasn't like the last thing on my
mind bro
anyway I am just um uploading a new
video because I have to do that right
now and yes I'm good that's what you do
it's what I do on the rig on the regular
so anyway okay so is it time to walk
Reggie yeah because he suffered he's
gonna call her on he loves Saturday
morning walks
yes he does check out my new phone case
you could say it was love at first slice
good anyway I forget where I got it I
literally just googled pizza phone case
so this is my tea situation today I am
going to be starting it off with this
Mao Fang chewy
for my friends Jade and Cory I'm putting
it in this mug which everyone always
asks where it's from and it's called
Bodom and I saw these in the grocery
store last night it's literally sliced
lemons in lemon juice which makes me
very happy because I hate cutting up
lemons in my life yeah I would say it's
probably one of the biggest problems
together whatever you come up on girls
like off gonna cut off that lemon now
dang I wish I didn't have to cut off
that now anyway I got it cuz it's like
perfect for tea and stuff like that
so let's see how this goes actually yeah
open it up let's see what looks like on
cam ooh those muscles
does it smell good oh very strong lemon
yeah so here we have the finished
product looks good
mister what exactly do you want I want
to try out the lemons number it is a
beautiful sunny day in the park daughter
the best days we've had like in month
in a very nice day today and Reggie is
really taking advantage peeing on every
single tree see I feels good it's our
little ritual I think when I was like I
was back I will let him do an outfit of
the day with me and I'll do one of him
as well please hold
there he goes so fast like I don't know
if it really comes across on camera but
in real life he's so fast Reggie always
callers falling off is that your
headband let me fix this let me fix this
for you there you go
Hey
I'm gonna get you
here you go we'll go back going oh he
really needed to get this out of his
system
oh my god he's not stopping
he's totally naked his collar Bella oh
good he's amazing he looks so naked and
she looks so different it's like hey
mister you're handsome oh I didn't tell
you there was a viewer at buffer
festival and her and her grandma made
Reggie a collar oh really
yeah it's in my office hey haven't
showed you yet so you're gonna get a new
color isn't that nice just noise hey 6a
hello
I wanted to do your ood D so let's see
we've got converse trainers yeah these
are the rubberized ones rubberized get
them wet your feet don't get wet we've
got some drop crotch track eby's yeah
talk shop like look I'm not even being
funny right now but that's a yellow
t-shirt no yellow sweater that's very
nice except it's actually in each and
every one hmm and a jacket which is a
new to you edition yes new to me again
but vintage no nothing to you I mean
it's it's engineered garments those of
you
very cool I'm gonna do mine
Oh get ready so old TV okay you want to
do my outfit and what about you sexy
today
so I look good name my Nikes yeah that I
always wear there's the best most
comfortable shoes track pit things from
a ritzy it they also have a interesting
crotch situation yeah but it's not a
drop crotch no this little slip
underneath slip like matching thing yeah
another jacket scarf and my keep
fulfilling the kings effortlessly chic
darling nice that's really we got some
pockets and some apple juice and Reggie
wants some really badly anyway mine is
so big it's like heavy it's gonna be
delicious parties like please I'll do
anything
how's the bucket so good good dinner
yeah guess who that is gonna stain right
she's just decided to take a little rest
over here tell anybody
oh come on don't be so glum don't be so
pissed you know getting the Block in
we're just discussing which
we Halloween Halloween Halle Halle
Halloween movie to watch to me oh yeah
which ones that what do you think yeah
because either hocus-pocus or the
witches and Lorna hocus-pocus way way
better so as woman I stopped for oh
thank you can't pee there's a sudden I
stop for a sweet treat and Aslan has
already dug in drunken sleep anyway um I
ordered a vanilla cupcake and she put a
red velvet one in the bag and I was like
apparently I really freaked out about it
okay like that's not another one like oh
sorry I said vanilla cupcakes she's like
that is vanilla I was like no it's red
velvet and she's like it's vanilla and I
was like it's freaking retro apparently
I caused a big scene I did I just didn't
want to get home and it was a red velvet
when I don't like red velvet
controversial know who does like red
velvet but the peeps I love our
direction anyway
that's about it so I'm here with Anna
Maria and she just spotted Reggie a mile
away and said hello so she's here from
Greece but she lives here now yeah I do
and are you liking it well it's
beautiful day today yeah it is I'm going
to work now school on a Saturday oh yeah
fortunately I'm any knowledge is so I
always worked oh my god well I had the
day off today so I feel bad I'm going up
like eat cupcake from you're off to work
oh oh happy some 100 oh well nice to
meet you nice day to do yeah she was so
nice and she was saying that she at home
has two dogs too
well I can't remember how many of each
thing but she has dogs cats and rabbits
I have to honestly the worst memory of
all time two seconds ago she told me the
animals that she has and do you think I
could remember um yeah she was really
really really nice and now Reggie
stalking a squirrel as I'm saying this
squirrel is a death wish because look
how close it's coming to Reggie Oh
what's going closer
I hope he doesn't go too close who knows
maybe Reggie would become friends with a
squirrel but oh my god this is probably
the closest Reggie's ever come to a
squirrel he's like oh my God look at
this schwa so we're walking along and
Reggie barks at this dog that looks like
an Oreo and then I find out that this
dog's name is actually Oreo my name is
Colin hi Carla
the jail around here I do I minded yeah
we actually go to the market and every
single Saturday which is my only
fittingly fun thing oh yeah we just went
oh I need to go get a bucket weren't you
gonna go and get some kids we wanted to
take into the park oh yeah we always
don't hit Oreo come here he's like no
not after that look in jail hello ho
you're so cute
it's time to eat the Halloween cupcake
that I had to fight for with some tea as
an smt and of course I'm watching Buffy
the Vampire Slayer how appropriate
so as I are driving and randomly a
little tiny cute little Yorkie pull like
ran right out in front of our car we
could hit it and anyway then we drove up
to it and kept walking away and
eventually hasn't found its owner but it
was just like the guy just like chillin
was with his child in the park but a dog
was just like like far away yeah like
five minutes walk away
I would be so scared to let my dog off a
leash like that
so Aslan has taught me all about this
thing called cool parkour I know hey
these peeps are jumping all around doing
backflips and whatnot
quite cool maybe this guy will do
something oh come on let's see the
action I hope no one gets hurt
well that's not impressive wait till we
get past them they might be doing
something great yeah everything that I
see I want your hot love and emotion oh
my god I'm in a shower cap this guy is
in a towel on a shower cap
come on gang do something inclusive look
at all these viewers that want to see
your skills
nothing
nothing's going on right now what what
is happening uh this would be a
Halloween
now of course oh there oh my god
well there you have it a little taste of
park or pothole this little car right
here
Ison tells me it's a golf I thought it
was a rabbit oh my god are you kidding
me right now anyway I always wanted a
car like that
like the vintage one like a vintage one
yeah maybe one day hey um I've learned
told me well basically we just wanted to
go out on the town a little bit well
just wanted to get out kind of well
Ricky almost Halloween that's what we're
doing right now no we're not um our
neighbors have kids and we're gonna give
them candy together getting it back by
6:30
I told us that guy got a secret anyway
we are in Covent Garden because Aslan
wants to buy a new cologne because he's
used up most of his other clones and he
just wants to try something new can't
blame the man I am a completely out of
musk musky woody clothes
I don't know Moscow would know us anyway
so I don't know if people remember but
there used to be like a huge balloon
installation here which of course we
missed but now they have to use like
light bulbs and are you yeah they have
these like light bulbs and something
we probably can't see that
anyway okay so I'm in this store and
Beth stopped me creating that cream on
me no she's like noticed me from in here
but we're in this store called bloom
Aslan is trying on some colognes and
it's a very cool door has like tons of
perfumes colognes makeup and everything
so your student Ben or Dino I kind of
started working for the first time much
date Wow
yeah just stopped being student what's
happening how do you find working
compared he is good he like it better
um I think because I was a student for
four years that's quite long so trying
to like no I'm like yes I'm actually
doing something we're in the real world
eating Chinese takeaway my pencil day
I still do that oh yeah
so that store was called bloom as when
does not like the long handle of the
bags back it's perfect if you're sure
this is me anyway you got a new Cologne
and you're really pleased with it and
the lady in this store I was like what
do I need to try and she showed us this
perfume that smelled horrible and it had
mixed oh can we go to that graphics
store yeah yeah crazy anyway it is scent
mixed blood both not actual blood but
like the scent of blood
the scent of sweat and the scent of
sperm all them one all in one and let me
tell you it was just really quite like
it almost made you cute yeah like oh
wait me like wool yeah so love a bit of
ending McKee do we not my brother
actually loves this song and he plays
guitar like this actually so Eric my
brother this could be you
anyway if we can see got this you can
follow him
so heading back home now and we got
these uh Ben oh great mold drink fruit
things yeah
watch out is this bust tries to kill us
here um well yeah no I am right away
here okay what is happening well one of
my favorite videos to watch is a British
road rage videos because it's literally
just people just weirdly about to make
one because what happens you read your
birth loses this insanity this is pure
what is wrong what do you do just go
just go don't let these gonna
anyway I got one of these grape drinks
yesterday mm-hmm
and I could not stop thinking about it
and actually the girl who made the
Starbucks drinks was a viewer of ours so
she probably put extra love of it into
it she was really nice and she had a bit
of a Halloween costume on extra great
huge great huge so we're heading home
now I'm behind the wheel we're gonna
dress up Reggie probably that's what I'm
thinking we're supposed to try to make
an effort and dressing up like they did
you get a sheet and cut some holes in it
for the
making Tortosa so hey not my sheets well
your sheets are my jeans
yeah we're in the boring are we not
doing anything for Halloween
anybody else didn't do anything
Halloween say there's a long delay but
to say so many of my friends aren't
doing anything right now like actually
everybody else no I don't think so I
don't think so anyway I'm obsessed with
calling Azzam by his new nickname I stay
says that in the last season of Buffy
there's a couple of a moment at the last
season it's like throughout the whole
jacilla call spike spawn bad American
act in China as neighbors present issues
upon the spark spark
yep all right ask is I what she feel
like spending she's kissing the same
don't know she doesn't do it like that
was the only way I can make the
excellent Oh
Hey
okay we're ending it here but I love by
the way you realize that this doesn't
contain any output right yeah like she's
actually giving you drunker than a good
this isn't the mulled wine this is just
mild okay juice
so I've got the candy lined up for the
kids who are coming in about an hour
got these little Maltesers which are
good and some of our favorite popcorn
which we buy in bulk from Amazon because
we love it so much
so yeah they can have one of each Aslan
is watching the rugby whoa Cup final you
can just just about to win
fascinating soon we will be watching
either hocus-pocus the craft or The
Walking Dead all scare you one probably
less scared and then the others always
walking at more scare that's not scary
either way that's what we're doing so
I'm gonna wrap up this video I hope you
liked it and I'll see you in the next
one see you guys I really don't like
Halloween it's so scary so I'm gonna
stay at home with my parents
happy Halloween Reggie and I get to go
for a walk oh my god oh don't be shy
don't be shy you're so handsome do you
guys think we look like
