good morning everyone today I am back it
blundin I'm slightly jet-lagged but I
decided the best thing to do is just get
dressed and enjoy the show
the show being today as you can see
Aslan was kind enough to put up these
shelves for me in my office which I
really wanted him to do so
yay I'm going to put my makeup on
I've already had breakfast and walked
Reggie fYI in case you cared so I'm just
going to tidy up a little bit in here
because it's a disaster do my makeup and
then see what the day brings I'm on my
bed because I really don't want to put
all these clothes away oh that's the
worst part about going on a trip putting
all the clothes away doing the laundry
so that's what I'm doing right now I'm
gonna do it as soon as I stop blogging
so I'll show you the mess why me why me
I managed to clean everything up that
was a miracle it actually didn't take as
long as I thought it would but yeah
feels good to put things away doesn't it
not at the time but afterwards anyway
I'm just sitting here at the table
editing replying to emails doing the
stuff I normally do yes and just so you
know I put up a video which I was very
excited about it was um talking about my
nail polish kits that I did with the
body shop so you can check that out on
my main channel go watch my October
favorites if you have no idea what I'm
talking about I'm so excited about it
yeah so go check out that video yay and
now I'm just going to pet Reggie and
take him for a walk in a minute and I
don't think we have any food to have
lunch but I'm gonna see what I have
hello Reggie how is your day going so
far looks like you're pretty busy oh
he's so sleepy I thought I would show
you a quick outfit of the day because
I'm heading out to run a few errands now
okay here we
this is actually a package for my
neighbor just in case you're wondering
okay so I've got on my leather jacket a
scarf from arisia the sweater and this
thing that's also from RIT SIA some
great boots I mean no gray jeans and my
pointy acne boots yeah that is the look
today I'm going to get all my stuff
together Reggie did not want to go for a
walk I think I should take this tag off
I never know just leave it on for now
Reggie doesn't want to go for his walk
but I think he's mad at me I think he
knows I'm leaving well I've been sitting
behind this garbage truck for about 15
to 20 minutes
he's like blocking up the entire street
and there's like I don't know if you can
see in the rearview mirror but there's
like tons of cars and we just cannot
move anywhere so this has been fun I am
officially late but I guess what can he
do the guys got to put the garbage in
the garbage I don't think I've ever in
my life had a more stressful time
finding parking normally it's hard to
find parking but not this hard anyway I
found a spot and then I went to pay and
then that machine was out of order so it
said to use the other machine and the
other machine was out of order so I
define a different spot finally long
story short I did find a spot but that
20 minutes waiting behind the garbage
truck really killed me because I now
have no late for my meeting I'm heading
to storm I really wanted to go grab a
bite to eat but I doubt that's gonna
happen now but I might have to go anyway
because I'm just so starving
when in doubt Starbucks is the one and
did I just say that my socks have fallen
down and they're bunched
underneath my feet right now and I am
human so here are my surroundings I'm
going to try to cross the street without
getting kills ha ha ha that's my song
anyway I got this like grape chai mold
fruit drink so we'll see how that goes
so I just got into storm and this is
well haven't actually explained this yet
but I was one of the winners of in
Styles project 13 thang it's so weird
and this photo was actually taken by
Rankine so it's quite a fancy thing
there's like tons of other people in
here too so check out the magazine when
does this come out December so it comes
up next month comes it'll be out by the
time you see this yeah I'm supposed to
be going home but I'm an orchid heaven
right now at Messines and I'm talking to
Jessica all about orchids and you've
just opened up recently yes and the
flowers arrived on Monday so I'm one of
the first people to buy an orchid and
this is the one I'm taking home with me
because I've always wanted one and
apparently it's impossible to kill them
so check it out I will show the outside
as well and I'll leave a link down below
you've a website right
so this lovely gentleman is painting the
sign right now it's such a cute little
store and look at the orchids so if
you're wondering where it is from this
little section right here and we have a
guest in the car we have put the seat
belt around it and it is going for a
ride all the way home with me
let's pray Reggie and I get to go for a
walk oh don't be shy don't be shy you're
so handsome do you guys think we look
like babies we chefs who knew that was a
thing very very cute
but I think I'm just gonna get the
regular one although I'm very tempted by
this I'm trying to be good and get some
vegetables chefs medley
could be good could be good so high
justice got out of the grocery store
I've got a household to run somebody's
got to do it I didn't vlog much in there
because it was such a busy time of the
night and I thought someone might kill
me if I just started like blogging in
the aisle while they were trying to get
their cottage cheese speeding
speaking of cottage cheese I'm obsessed
with it welcome to my life
hello hi I'm coming home I'll be home in
ten minutes
no I don't think so do you want to okay
we can go out I just bought lots of food
though oh yeah okay see you in a bit
love you bye not while he hung up right
before you heard me tell him how much I
love him okay
I'm going home now guess who's back back
at home I want to show you something
what kid I'm packing something here what
could it be
let's have a look-see oh oh wow that's
cool huh yeah they look pretty cool when
is what is this this is the ranking
photo this is the ranking photo oh wow
yeah that looks pretty cool do you like
it I like it a lot yeah that's a very
nice photo of you do you think so yeah
yeah like you know like all have in the
moment like you know it ain't no just
sitting down looking at the camera this
is like action emotion
anyway I just want to say again I don't
think I said I was in such a fluster but
this is like such a dream come true you
know it's the coolest thing ever and I
just want to say thank you so much to
everyone who supported me over the years
it's crazy it's just like I live in a
dream world yeah so I just want to say
gain weight world and thank you in style
of course and thank you to Rankin for
taking this beautiful photo you look
really really pretty in it oh so do you
you look pretty yeah you look pretty
thank okay yeah that's that what like
here I mean the excellence though
want to see everybody's pictures yeah
see here's where uh-huh Tania yeah
Claire's pictures really I mean
everybody's picture is really nice I'll
have to read through this properly there
you go that's you
yeah the magazine pretty cool yeah
I think that's it yeah how cool is that
let's imagine the next page Christmas
ooh it I have to call my mom yeah should
I ladies interested he's like mom move
out the way
in other news Aslan has just there's my
foot how attractive as one has just made
me the Feast of all feasts and I cannot
wait to eat it and he's just having a
little snuggle with regi god we love
this dog
like nothing else in the world he's
amazing Aslan's just trying on his new
coat that he got secondhand from Gap
originally from gap so he got a
secondhand bargain on this I like it
nice jacket it's like a classically long
jacket
very nice and very nice pump it up if
it's cold
mm-hmm cool you cool you cool Wow
anyway as you can tell I am retiring for
the evening I'm going to edit this vlog
and then I think we're gonna watch a new
episode of homeland can I get an a oh so
I'll see you in the next video bye but
the Falls are so beautiful everybody has
these like rain coats on because it's so
misty we have like it's just so
beautiful I
think it ever gets old really but yeah
yay Niagara Falls
