good morning oh I look like Justin
Bieber my hair is like really
although Justin Bieber's looking great
lately I have to say anyway
Lucy and I I believe are going to the
first thing today which is a meetup
before the panel it is 9 o'clock in the
morning I'm running a little late
sorry it was very early morning woke up
this morning at 7:00 and now we're on
the streets so here's the surroundings
if everybody wants to see what Toronto
looks like wow okay myself now
No so that was my video stability talks
something a little different for me so
very simple I get a lot a lot of red
gene was being featured in that one what
can I say about this yes I use the
internet far too much we got so I flew
to Toronto from London and I was already
getting an international data plan so it
has helped slightly I cannot lie I'm not
doing the you know after 6:00 p.m. no
boom rule but after watching that again
I need to do it as though yeah another
thing I'm so happy to be back in Canada
my homeland broken so it's always nice
to come back to Toronto and eat lots of
different food safety but it's people
that are going to Davos like my next
what a crazy morning this has been oh my
god I just did my first live TV my mom I
texted my mom was like mom turned into
channel 26 and I guess hired my
grandparents and my brother all sat down
and watched it that was a nice moment I
haven't obviously seen it but hope it
was okay
it was amazing meeting so many of you at
the last screening and the Meetup
there was one girl who cried and I cried
with her you I know you're watching and
it was a very nice moment and I just
want to say thank you to everyone who is
so supportive of everything it makes me
feel like a wonderful human because
sometimes it can be hard and I really
appreciate that um speaking of hard life
is hard right now cuz it's raining so
we're gonna just quickly pop back to the
hotel and get our groove on so I am on
my way to lunch and we ran into the
detox market and Emily Diana Ruth told
me I had to come in here and I was I was
passing it I thought at least he was
like let's go in yeah so we're in here
and I just want to show you the
gloriousness of this place you like
natural beauty this is the place for you
if you are in Toronto
here's that vapor stuff I really really
like the primer there we go and I also
wanted to give a shout out to Sharon
because ambi organic has a big section
in here she's the owner and I love
Sharon so yeah it's really really cool
it's an awesome store and I thoroughly
enjoyed shopping here should we try to
run we've got twelve seconds to run
across the street and it's actually
longer than it probably looks we've made
it to our lunch destination it's called
Wilbur mexicana and a bunch of people
recommended this place on Twitter so
this is where we're gonna go punch
Mexican food
bring it out so we just let that have
lunch that I met Leia and Annie I'm like
yes it is and they recommend the food
here what did you get I got two regulars
like Trigon rush for Europe and the
yes the food is here Lucy got a burrito
and we got these to share guacamole and
chips and I got a steak would have a
bulky video so we are good fate so it's
time to dig in so we've been walking for
about 25 minutes in the pouring rain
trying to get to the Eaton Center and
it's freezing and it's cold and
my hair is flat on top of my head so
we're just walking along and I was like
something looks weird and they're
filming a movie here and these are all
fake rocks they look so you might get in
trouble they look so real but they're so
light they're like styrofoam and look
what they've done and it says
Philadelphia look at this guy carrying
all these boulders this is fascinating
I've never seen anything like this are
you in all very cool hey gang I just
started recording then I was like I'm
gonna sneeze I thought I would show you
what I was wearing and discuss it
quickly before I take it all off we just
got back from a lot of shopping which I
will talk about in a minute but um okay
my vest is from a ritzy at the Sposi
thing this denim jacket is from ASOS let
me take this off hang on I'm going to
continue now this like Navy corduroy
pinafore dress is from new look but I
got it on ASOS
this is offering so all of us oh this is
also from a sauce tights and these are
my pointy acne boots which I love I'm
gonna link all this stuff down below if
I remember I promise I will remember but
it's like I just thought I'd show you oh
yeah I'm wearing my watch by Larson and
Jennings which I love and this bracelet
is not focusing but it's by Kenzo from a
sauce love it so oh and this bracelet
too that's kind of a new thing that's
from a sauce and I think it's called
karma something could be making that up
but it's very cute and it's magnetic
this class there are magnetic anyway I'm
gonna get into my pajamas because I am
utterly exhausted and I will return
momentarily alright I'm back in my
pajamas and I'm feeling a little more
relaxed now that I've just chilled for a
minute um I wasn't gonna say not much is
going on I think we're going to just
gonna chill in the hotel room tonight we
did go to we did a little bit of
shopping today
well actually we did a lot but I didn't
actually get anything well I got one
thing which is this
this one love coconut salt body lotion
which I've been trying to find forever
and I finally found it in that store the
detox market so I'm excited about that
and I also went to the bulk barn and got
loads and loads of candy blue-raspberry
my favorite so I'm just gonna eat some
candy you watch some TV chill enjoy my
Saturday evening in bed doesn't get
better than this ladies and gents so
thank you Toronto for a wonderful day so
I'm gonna wrap it up for the evening and
I will see you in the next one good
night goodbye hi
