but it hurt like it really really
singing hurts but I finally was like
maybe I just try going to the bathroom
all you have to do is go
good morning guys good morning I will
good afternoon like I said I've been
taking it super easy this Saturday
morning because it's Saturday and why
not I have showered and I've gotten
dressed slightly dress this is kind of
just as as good as it's gonna get today
but I still need to do my hair and
makeup um of course always up and so I
thought let's just get them up together
hello people of the Internet how are you
this fine beautiful sunny Southern
California day yes do not adjust your
screen I'm wearing floral sleeves I
actually ordered just a couple of new
shirts from a website and I'm always
wary about buying clothes online but I
was actually really kind of surprised I
liked almost everything I got just a
couple things I need to take back and I
get resized and it's weird some things
are too big and some things are too
small and so I think that's kind of like
the downfall of shopping online is you
can't try things on but whenever I shop
at stores like they never have my size I
never fit in anything and so shopping
online is nice because they give lots of
options which is cool but yeah I like
the shirt what do you guys think floral
bringing back the floral for summer yo
I'm actually running a few errands I'm
going to the post office I got to drop
off a couple things and I need to eat
cuz I was stupid I didn't eat anything
this morning and I could feel it like I
don't have a whole lot of energy and
stuff please go get Ally
hi baby
he's like a goodness how are you
you went down not so happy but
apparently you're happy happy boy right
now look at those moves hey Olli can you
say hi to the camera sake say good
morning what he doing what are you doing
whoa look at those monkey moves he
definitely went down not happy so I'm
really happy that he woke up happy are
we gonna have a happy day yeah happy
Saturday yeah I remember you're like
mama I'm awake
yeah when he woke up from his nap he
stayed like laying down all wrapped of
his blanket like mama mama I'm awake all
right you ready to get out and get ready
with our day we need to get moving in
case she just needed a little reminder
all right the next item on my list was
to pick up a water cooler because
missing are really trying to stop using
so much bottled water but it's just so
convenient to like grab one and then go
upstairs and go to bed so we've been
wanting a water cooler for a while we're
actually really jealous cuz her parents
have a really nice one so I ran into
Lowe's and I picked up this one and this
one's cool because it's a bottom load so
you don't have to like tip the whole
thing upside down and then we set up
like a delivery service that will
deliver our water for us in these handy
five gallon drums so now I just need to
figure out how to fit it in this very
tiny Prius just still waiting for the
new car to get here basically all right
I set up our new water cooler and I
think it looks really good now basically
we just have to see if it makes the
water cool enough and to if they sell
any child feature because this one you
have to push and and then push on the
knob to get hot water but this one you
don't have to do anything it just
dispenses cold water just like that
which could be quite annoying so we
either have to teach oli not to push it
or find some sort of safety thing so
that's what it comes down to
okay I know mrs. bent on the couch she's
not feeling very well are you belly just
Lillian her to know and I'm just having
like pain yeah chanting he's here right
now
and kind of son son Oh Ollie you can
give your mom hugs can you give your mom
a hug
he's cuddling with me
has he felt the baby kick at all I had
him put his hand I guess he's kicking
like crazy in there yeah and I I had him
and I know he like he could have felt it
but I don't think he understands that
there's a baby and that there's
something yeah and where is it kicking
like right here
yeah actually I've been watching like I
put my phone on my belly and he's like
oh really that's so crazy
they're pretty strong sometimes oh yeah
what Oh Oh did the laundry basket trap
you want to see if I can feel him
was that him yeah yeah it's so weird
when Missy pushes on the other side of
her I can feel him that it's like she's
like pushing him into my hand he's so
weird he has so much room in there Missy
not like all he did does it feel okay
when you sit down like that yeah when I
was lay on my side it definitely felt
better and now that I'm sitting up it
kind of hurt me again I don't know what
to think I don't I don't think it's a
good thing they're really worried about
at this point I think in just a little
uncomfortable we are now out and about
we're going to have some fun with all I
say but I was honestly in like kind of
an intense amount of pain like it really
hurt it was like the top of my belly
like the uterus definitely my back and I
realized I was definitely watching it
very closely because I didn't think it
was contractions or anything because I
wasn't really feeling like relief like
tightening and relief and stuff but it
hurt like it really really singing hurt
but I finally was just like maybe I
should try going to the bathroom all you
have to do is go poop
I literally just with poop did like
relieve my pain like a hundred percent
so I'm pretty sure that's all it was and
I feel so silly it's like really hurt
and it did not feel like lower down it
was up high the baby pushes around
everything yeah so all your organs are
like completely squished right now and
also whenever I feel bad I just go yeah
I honestly didn't feel like I had to go
but apparently I did because I feel a
ton better so now we're gonna go to the
park and go play with ollie all right
guys we are at the park we got Mimi and
Papa here and Auntie cuz he really
wanted to see them he's been begging to
see them and we got him a little t-ball
set and a hat oh yeah okay he likes to
carry the.oh you carry the ball Oh
we came down to the real baseball
diamond this is legit and all he's still
wearing his hat which is amazing
Papa cemetery has done
your kids while you knocked it over
can you do it ollie
Hey
there you go we go step to the side
we're playing on this nice grassy area
but we're right next to the diamond
where the sand is bad yeah and one of
all these balls went over there and he
refuses to step on it when we're walking
towards it to go to the grass he's like
no no that's gonna be a problem if he
has to give each baby love or hate the
sand
you know ami after a long sweaty day in
the field
Ali requests an apple mm-hmm that's
pretty good
he loved them apples huh what's your
favorite food Apple okay to the back
show me how you jump my lesson I like to
usually weapons fit in the tub roll it
over but lately you like to play with
the water as at fault they are that
comes in
or is it out of this car so I'm like no
more mommy makes the best boat bass huh
it's like I'm not sure there's a lot of
bubbles
you know I put your toys in here there
you go
yay yeah can't really mince your hand
off all right guys we had a super duper
fun day with all a tomorrow is gonna be
really fun because we are having
Cassie's graduation party here and we'd
have all the family over and we're gonna
have a lot of fun just celebrating
casting in all her accomplishments hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog today give it
a thumbs up if you did and we will see
you guys tomorrow all I say bye bye I'm
gonna love the night cry real and my
face I was really good and I'm not your
eyes my eyes and you decided to take the
champs so take a chase we decide on me
Young's video who know I now on her
Channel
scription - check it out yeah
