hey guys before today's vlog starts I
want to let you know that we are going
to be at vlogger fair in August in
Seattle and we are so excited we want
you guys to come to and hang out with us
if you guys want to get tickets for the
event the link below is down in the
description if you use that link in our
description you actually get discount
some really good discounts and the VIP
tickets are selling out fast so be sure
to check out that link so you can hang
out with us at vlogger fair
say it say good morning huh Karla you
can't say it while always saying it say
good morning he's got snot all over him
right now good morning guys me and all I
just got back from the store because we
just had to grab one simple little thing
what do you think that thing is whipped
cream I got I grabbed three things of
whipped cream this is the original and
then this is like extra creamy I didn't
really know which one was the better
option so I just got both of them um if
you don't know we're doing I'm getting
ready to do a video on my channel um
it's the UM how well do you know me tag
video that's been going around I think
it's actually been late but when I saw I
want to do it so badly and I've been
waiting for a week that like what's free
for me to do it I'm gonna do it I talked
Brian into uh into doing it so I'm gonna
put this kid down for a nap and then
we're gonna film our fun video alright
he's like um I want to be in the video
and so I think it I really do not like
whipped cream I know I'm crazy I totally
get it but yeah I'm not like a really
big whipped cream fan so I know logical
like doing it because they can like eat
the whipped cream but I don't like with
cream but that's okay alright we gotta
go down for a nap hoping he does hoping
he actually goes down hoping you go down
okay ready
son he's down it was actually really
easy I thought it was going to be really
hard but we are good to go
now it's time to put this in each
other's faces sighted got the camera all
set up and we got our plates and we got
our whipped cream and we are all ready
to make a mess we have chairs and we
have garbage bags on good way to start
the day making YouTube video so that we
can make a mess we have two different
kinds of whipped cream I got extra
creamy and then original what's the
better awesome was like what's funnier I
think extra creamy is like not as fluffy
maybe I'm actually wearing like swim
shorts better so I don't like ruin any
clothes and that we just bought the
shirt at Target so mr. incredible
I'm mr. incredible and mrs. wifey it's
got real you guys ish got very real I
think in my eye burning me write the
word why'd you make such a mess my seat
and my mascara is everywhere I try to
know my define yeah so Missy and I we
just filmed a fun challenge video which
is up right now on her channel so click
the screen or link below in the
description to check it out cuz yeah
this happened so now we have to
basically I'm dripping everywhere I know
and the thing is is like it smells like
thumbs up for doing it for YouTube all
cleaned up oh my gosh I feel like I have
whipped cream all over myself like even
in my nose in my ears but I'm actually
with my mom and sister because we have a
graduation party coming on Sunday for
Cassie we're at actually celebrate the
fact that she's graduated so at Party
City and we're gonna just find some
decorations we got all kinds of stuff
for graduation parties so looks like you
just have to pick a color pink a pink
green blue
and yellow dang ticket color there's
silver - that's kind of fun I kind of
cool so my sister was red because that's
like her school colors and we just got
some like cool banner that says congrats
grad it's just some stuff you hang from
the ceiling and then some lanterns we're
gonna keep it super simple because it's
only can you do anything too special but
look we're in the cup aisle can you tell
this is a lot of cups do you want to cut
so you want cops kasi and then we're
like well we're 12 just get red cups
which means we can just get Red Solo
cups from like Walmart so I don't think
we need to buy them from here although
this one these are buy one get one free
so maybe it would end up being better oh
look a yeah can I just get a picture
Olly
no five he wants but he just want a
balloon
oh you want the crown you're a pretty
pretty princess birthday oh so funny oh
my gosh look it Oh at the Hat of the
hair oh my gosh ooh one two three okay
if anyone know what he looked like with
brown hair we'll never know
bye aunty
I met up with the Bey's we're just
waiting for the car to get out of the
car wash
I've been busy you guys and I actually
forgot the camera yelling oh really yeah
silly kid purse waiting for our car
finish cleaning the car is so fresh so
clean
Ollie what do you think it's like hey I
can make it a must again seriously all
down there baby you couldn't even see
the bottom also because we check our
mail in the car and then we just throw
it on the back seat yeah we got way too
much junk man yeah how do you house the
smell do you like the smell okay it's
it's new car smell does it smell like a
new car it's okay what is new car smell
anyway I think I like it smells good I
think it's like the last it's like
plastic smell right
you don't like it okay I'm no stay out
of the trash yeah
you gotten away now stay out of that
trash - I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get
you I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you
do you want food I know we're making
food right now you want food right here
here eat
mousse have you ever had mousse YUM
take a bite and then say nom
see he likes red meat you're silly boy I
feel like I have been so productive
today but I've hardly blocked at all I
just got so much done if you guys don't
know we're hosting Cassie's graduation
party this Sunday so we're gonna have a
lot of people over here and so I had to
set up the catering which I'm really
excited about because we're actually
going with free birds yes we're gonna
have them drop off like a little burrito
bar so people can make their own
burritos how cool is that I've been
literally waiting for an excuse to do
that because I love free birds of love
burritos and I think it's gonna be
really nice with a lot of people that
they can just like grab what they want
and then make what they want you know I
mean so yeah I got actually I got a
clean all back here and I gotta
straighten this pool out because Sunday
we're gonna have probably about 25
people here tonight we're just going
with some really simple just grilling
some chicken with a little bit of Swiss
cheese making chicken sandwiches oh hey
my friend Jared called
I think Jared call because we are
setting up something really exciting I
don't think I should have said anything
the baby is in bed yay and today's
actually been a lot better as far as I'm
sleeping his nap wasn't good and bedtime
went good and all really good today so
we may have gotten past whatever issue
we were dealing with and a lot of people
were suggesting different things but
sometimes I just have to wait it out
maybe it'll come back tomorrow but I've
just been doing a lot of cleaning
because I feel like my house actually it
hasn't usually it's messy not dirty and
lately it's been dirty not really like
messy I don't know if that makes sense
but I was like I need to clean
everything mop everything so it's been
kind of it's been nice actually you can
see though my kitchen is pretty clean
there's just one pond there just one
that's okay I said done mopping because
that whipped cream seriously made such a
mess in fact I still feel like I can
like smell it and feel it on me even
though like I've showered in everything
like it's just like that's in here
nostril like I feel like I can smell
milk all day long it's been really gross
so I just got done mopping for the
second time after I have to the actual
video so I'm gonna go edit the video and
hopefully I can edit it pretty fast it's
kind of late right now and I really want
to try and give that for you guys
so hopefully it's up in my channel right
now Missy just keeps laughing like crazy
over here it's really funny to watch
really she's on laughing the entire time
editing this video oh my gosh that's
good yeah that should be the thumbnail
Missy's working hard on the video on her
channel that's up right now link below
in the description true good old hmm all
right you guys grumpy and I are gonna
hit the hay she's a little grumpy
because she's tired aren't you
but anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog if you did be sure to click
that thumbs up button
grumpy can you tell them what the thumbs
up button looks like well whatever
thumbs up button is down there so just
click it I did want to remind you guys
we have some pretty exciting things
coming up not only this summer
but next week be ready for surprises
always expect the unexpected
alright thanks for watching we'll see
you tomorrow
I'm actually holding this camera let
alone all right we will see you guys
tomorrow bye like fire oh look at that
I was really kidding laughs put your
eyes fine man and it comes outside you
decided i'm keiko you may catch it young
gay Leone
and I probably
