good morrow she can't karma my goodness
I am headed upstairs because like I said
yesterday oli has been going a little
bit backwards in his sleep
meaning that he will not go to sleep
last night was actually quite rough for
us one of our toughest nights with him
because normally he sleeps really good
and sometimes he'll want to come into
our room and I'll let him like sleep in
our room for like an hour and then I'll
lay him back in his crib but he was not
having it he wanted to sleep in my bed
with me all night long and so here we
are enough time I rocked him and I laid
him down and he's not having it so I'm
gonna come in here and I'm gonna try and
put this kid to bed Shh
Holly it is nap time you need to go
night-night
do you understand you need to go nein
nein okay
good morning guys oMG nee look look what
it is it's a package what can Brown do
for you they can deliver my package
which is awesome
umm and yes I peeked but I wanted to
open it here because I'm so stinking
excited I talked about this yesterday
whoa look at all of these bubble things
whoa that was loud
holy cow probably just woke up Olli and
Misty's really mind me
here it is
Papapa Papapa yes I'm so excited I got a
new Polaroid camera that I've been
wanting for such a long time now so this
is the one I'm currently using it's the
Instax Mini 8 and this is a really great
great camera because I think it like
introduced me to the world of Polaroid
which was really cool and I love it but
its features are very bare-bones so this
one actually has a lot of cool features
so it has double exposure mode which
means you can take a picture on one
Polaroid and instead of printing it out
you can take another picture on top of
it um so you can like make some really
cool artsy stuff oMG okay you're getting
a little camera unboxing on the daily I
hope that's okay
Manuel's we don't need those don't need
those strap look at this strap you guys
it's like it feels like like a leather
says Fujifilm what's also cool about
this Polaroid camera it uses a
rechargeable battery which is actually
very nice because the insects mini ate
flies through double-a is like crazy
there's the battery it's a little guy
little baby unicorn and last but not
least the camera this thing looks so
slick you guys they designed it to be
like super vintage classy oMG look at
that that is a thing of beauty
oh man and it comes up a side which is
really cool I'm gonna have so much fun
learning how to use this the deed is
done he's asleep finally
that was tough I had to try a couple
times and I probably really shouldn't be
rocking him all the way to sleep but
it's been such a tough day and night
that I kind of just I just did it I I
think what we're doing is we are
becoming more mommy cuz same thing like
we went to swim today and he would not
let anyone touch him except for me like
I was the only one that could take him
swimming or hold him always swimming and
so I think he's just kind of just
getting more attached maybe he senses a
new baby coming I don't really see
how that could be it or it's just like a
phase he's going through it's tough
because I want to like be there I want
to take care of him but at the same time
I need him to kind of start growing up
again I would start you know being a
little bit more independent my little
munchkin is up from his nap and he slept
so good you slept for almost two hours
did you know that Olli he was a kind of
nice Ike you tricked me he woke up huh
we're actually getting ready to head out
we're gonna go do something fun with him
okay Olli we're gonna do something fun -
because I tricked you I'm working on my
double exposure yeah with the new camera
I took a picture of Missy in the chair
and I took a picture of the emoji pillow
yeah and lined him up totally yeah it's
like cool as people ollie I grabbed this
picture of karma and he was like you to
karma and he was like talking to him
about the fact that he's like this is a
picture of you karma did you know dad
did the picture you
sticking my tongue out at this little
boy what are you doing
your mama's sitting next to you huh you
got to eat your lunch because you got to
feel up feed-in some fast lunch
here we go kiddo he has no idea what
we're about to do he's always first time
at a trampoline park or on a trampoline
really never really seen him jump except
yesterday he did a little bit of jumpin
jumpin yeah he might have fun just
running we'll see how it goes today
might be complete a disaster but there'd
be something new for this little guy to
explore there it is you guys there Oh
sports trampoline parks look at we're
matching buddy he doesn't like it
already it's like no wristband No
and
you
say hi to the vlog fella hey which ran
into some viewers all he's jumping for
the first time he's so cute he loves it
all right look at this they got they got
a crayon castle
we
all that jump in sure tired you out
didn't it boy yeah maybe went jumping
he's a jump yeah the sucker he's eating
is Missy sucker
she bought his sucker for yourself and
he kind of took over it so we got it
another one just like a kid I didn't get
the jump so I get something the last
time I was here was when I was pregnant
with him really funny and now you're
pregnant with that baby to jump on I
know right we always cover which means
pregnant he did really good though I was
really surprised at how much he was
actually like jumping it was really fun
do you enjoy yourself Olli
I think someone's tired are you tired
yeah yeah I picked him up and as soon as
I did he put his head on my shoulder
you're tired
say I love you dad dad he had so much
fun he's exhausted though all right I'm
gonna put you in the car CK ha
you think he'll pass out on the way home
he might just we shall see you guys this
late um I was just editing together all
of the trampoline footage and all I just
had so much fun there's some cool being
able to do that with him today when I
just love them we get to do like new
experiences like that with him I know
it's kind of just one of those really
cool parent moments but anyway that's
all for today's vlog I'm gonna go ahead
and end it here and then get some sleep
but I hope you guys enjoyed the blog if
you did give it a thumbs up if you
didn't see Missy's new bump date it's
linked down below in the description go
check it out she talked about the
anatomy scan where we learned some
important stuff about new little baby
boy okay I'm gonna fall asleep talking
today so we'll see tomorrow I hope it we
go up today but I need to go up tomorrow
but today for you guys to talk about my
anatomy scan as we did get a couple I
guess you could say concerning
information concerning this information
I just a couple things that you know if
you talk to us about so I talked about
that in an expense so you guys can go
watch that if you want in for me
