oh you want to ride good morning guys
it's another beautiful day in sunny
Southern California which is a good
thing
because that light is still broken and
the only way to get light into my room
is this window there we go
natural light is best anyway today I've
been going through my office and I
finally cleaned out our mail little slot
thing we get so much junk mail you guys
I hate it's ridiculous straightened up a
little and then I found these these are
the Polaroids that we took while we
visited Kelsey and Corbin in Portland I
just had such a fun trip look at there's
booties Donuts s'mores by the campfire
there's a cute pic of Ollie and Kelsey
and in fact one two three four five six
seven eight nine I only have nine photos
here which means that Kelsey probably
took the other one which is totally cool
I love taking Polaroids like that though
when we go on a trip basically what I do
is I'll just take like one box of film
and then my camera and then just like
make it a goal to take all the photo or
to use all the photos on that film I
have so many Polaroids lying around here
you guys so this is from when Jared and
Rochelle visited and we song wrote just
random ones around the house and in the
pool and stuff I would really love to
find something cool that I can do with
the Polaroids rather than put them in a
book so that the only way you can see
them is if you open the book maybe like
like on my wall like maybe like do
strings and then like attach them that
way um I don't know and I know a lot of
you guys have been asking I've been
using the Instax Mini 8 camera and
actually do I just ordered a new one
that I've been wanting for a while that
does double exposure so it should be
pretty cool now I am headed upstairs and
I've got this huge thing of laundry to
take with me
so when I sent you guys right there oh
oh by the way I'm rocking my Breaking
Bad t-shirt did you did you did you did
it to do no karma don't trip me okay set
those right there all right what do you
say we go wake up a little monster is
there a little monster in here is there
a little monster and here were you doing
jumping around all in your crib huh
yeah bunch of light bulbs dead in his
room also let's open this Levenson
natural light let there be light he woke
up super early this morning and Missy
watched monsters incorporated with him
or tried to at least he'd make it
through most of it he was tired you are
a tired boy yeah you want to see mama
you got to greet the day say hi what are
you doing I was getting his clothes and
then I found him on top of his dresser
say hi huh that's how you greet the day
these are 18-month pants they're a
little loose they're definitely gonna
sag but you have to grow into them okay
buddy
ah okay wait it's got buttons on it OOP
like butter but I gotta go hey
why he's so excited about his toy story
book he wanted to show you don't like
want to have these he will chew them up
you're gonna play with them he's sure
bang he's gonna lose all those and then
he's gonna be a sad little boy mama and
dad have been working all morning
Missy's editing a new video bump date
I'm so always gonna stay right there and
keep you company okay so one thing I'm
doing today that I'm really excited
about is vocal training I'm going to my
first vocal training lesson in oh gosh
years I think the last time I had vocal
training I was in high school or
possibly even middle school you guys and
I don't have a lot of work to do as far
as like technical stuff just because I
want to be the best that I can be and
the only way to do that is to really
train yourself the voice is a muscle
just like any other muscle in your body
and you just have to train it Brian just
left and I was able to finish up a lot
of my video that I filmed today my bump
date I have just been so busy that I
have not had the time to edit and and
film it and stuff hey careful and I
really want to do it after my anatomy
scan so that's why I kind of throw off
my simple hey hey hey you need to be
nice hoping it would go up today but I
think it's gonna go up tomorrow but
that's today for you guys to talk a lot
about my anatomy scan because we did get
a couple I guess you could say
concerning informations concernings
informations just a couple things that
you know he talked to us about so I
talked about that in the Anatomy scan so
you guys can go watch that if you want
information on this baby boy but one
thing I didn't get a chance to talk
about I totally forgot was his name um
we I know I just we get a lot of
questions about his name and we're
working really hard to figure out what
his name is because that's what I feel
like it is I feel like it's not naming
him it's like trying to figure out what
is his name and so we're getting pretty
close we've got a couple of options and
a couple of ideas that we like but as
soon as we know and as soon as we
feel confident enough we will do a name
reveal video so don't worry we're
working on it we're getting there
we're not just like not thinking about
it we're definitely thinking hard about
this Bilbo's name what's his name
oh my you just routed all over holy cow
you guys that was so much fun we learned
about diaphragm breathing we did some
really cool exercises I'm really I think
I'm really really excited I was actually
able to do the entire range to in the
exercises I was quite surprised and a
little impressed with myself no it felt
really good she gave me like a CD to
practice with also because I'm not to be
doing lots of practice hey there what
are you doing this actually just broken
the other day maybe I get that fixed
time oh you want to ride we usually ruin
all right let's go out there alright
we've eaten lunch and now I'm on a
mission to organize all his room his
room gets so unorganized so quickly and
I don't know why it's not even
necessarily because like doesn't even a
lot of toys in here isn't like playing
here just like clothes mostly I get
clothes and then I never put them away
and I gotta hang them up and okay calm
down
did you drop water back there let's see
well see woody um there's nobody back
there
there's no woody I don't see him I'm I'm
also organizing it because within the
next month we're gonna start
transitioning I think to a toddler bed
are you excited kind of think it's time
to start training in to do a toddler bed
he does really good in his crib but
lately I can tell he's starting to go
backwards like he doesn't want me to put
him down till he's asleep he really
won't let Brian part of the sleeve it's
only me because time we kind of
transition to a new bed and then at the
same time kind of get Brian back into
the schedule of putting into bed because
come October I'm not gonna be able to do
every single night time in every single
nap
and stuff like that all right it's
almost time for a toddler bed and he's
so crazy in this room I really have to
tell the proof it cuz this is what he
does I won't want to do it but he climbs
on there and then he cars on there Wow
and then he flips into here it scares me
every time he thinks it's the funniest
thing hon dude alright let's get off
there you're gonna hurt yourself
we can't just stay like that haha okay
come on it's not like poop I think you
up poop
he's been farting all day Thank You poo
finally I'm so excited guys I just ran
into this watch repair place and they
were able to take a link out of this new
stainless steel link band that I got off
eBay and now it fits perfect
I never thought I'd actually be a fan of
the link bracelet but I kind of like I
like the weight and I like the way it
looks it's just a little more I know
it's just a little nicer plus the cool
thing about the Apple watches is that
you can take the band's off and so I
scored this band on eBay for 20 bucks
and it's actually really good quality so
coolness what do you guys think do you
like that look are you ready for the big
reveal
I did a little bit cleaning and then I
had aunty come over and help me
rearrange his room so this how it is it
might be temporary results a couple
things that I'm not quite 100% sure on
but I put it his dresser here now this
wall is kind of bling but I feel like it
kind of opened up the room a tad this is
where everything is um he might be able
to reach these things so that might be
that might not end up working but we'll
see how well he cooperates I just really
wanted to change his room around plus I
needed to make sure that this wasn't
being hit by the wall when he's in there
oh my goodness this thing is getting so
wobbly pulling as he bangs it against
the wall
weird baby oh did you find woody loses
like every 10 seconds I know it's like a
meltdown huh do you like woody alright
I'm home and Cassie has learned a new
trick with all
we - yeah your ear it came out of your
ear bro first didn't he try putting a
jacket ears I can't face like oh did you
get to see that no careful you can't
just do that on your feet on your feet
on your feet on your feet shuffle jump
jump you just learned how to jump you
should take him to the trampoline park
mess like the other ball pit Holly can
you change your diaper oh my gosh can
you not do that oh my gosh
well oh my gosh we are walking in Old
Town Olly is walking with woody you hold
in his hand make sure he doesn't go
anywhere and in his hand
ah also Olly is bringing back socks with
sandals so if you see that trend
emerging because of my son now it's a
beautiful day so we're just walking
around enjoying it maybe grab a bite to
eat and let this little kid run around
because it's such a beautiful day run
run run run run
come on Polly are you all ready for now
nice you are just carrying this room
apart even though mommy just cleaned it
all he has like three toys in here we
need to get more toys in here huh I'm
really just liking the change in here it
just feels new and fresh in you and I
was so try to figure out why it feels
bigger and I think it's just because
normally there's like a big thing on
this wall and a big thing on this wall
and so now that the two big things are
over there it's definitely like cleared
up this whole corner I like it I think
it's a nice little change we'll see if
it works out like I said I'm kind of
worried about this drape right here and
him tugging at it oh look it daddy's
gonna say night-night ting Nene oh your
nose okay
oh yeah all right you guys that's all
for today's vlog I hope you guys enjoyed
it if you did click that thumbs up
button go watch me see new bumpty on her
channel right now link below in the
description and subscribe to her channel
if you're not already she's so close to
200,000 subscribers which is pretty
awesome that's the channel that started
it all alright thank you guys for
watching we'll see some obey attack
isn't
can't say it
I am home
and that's where I wanna be yeah
wherever you're with me
little hands that's far too
