Wow are you enjoying yourself Olly
always spit in Little Miss Maisie games
good morning from another beautiful day
in Florida
I'm with the voice literally almost all
the boys I've got Jared and Brian and
the kids and we are just driving a
couple things that we need before fun
day they're going parasailing we're
going parasailing today Friday might die
to him just say I really hope I don't
die Jerry was saying like if they fall
like it's just falling on it it's a nice
record break and the parachute fails
it's only an eight hundred foot drop
into water that's all but that's like
that's like landing on concrete
yeah yeah oh the day Missy got a peach
and I am is very excitedly excited about
it if it's a good Pete when I bite into
this if you trip
hey okay I feel like because we're
closer to Georgia like oh oh I saw drip
edge I saw drip edge is it good good
he's beragon yeah baby no it's a peach
but take a bite
likewise a fuzzy take a bite no no no no
no I'm gonna love peaches now this is
better than an apple that is way better
than an apple bro you cannot eat that
like our apple trees in Florida
all right you guys today it's the day we
are going parasailing and I am so
nervous I really scared
we got two little beach chairs sweet
girls cannot chill out and then we are
all going out there
here we go man look at that thing
nothing gonna keep us up there that's
weird
guys
Wow
oh my god guys
your icon yeah so seriously once you're
up here it's so smooth so Calmes is
insane
oh my god there's the boat right there
again high up here so we are 800 above
ocean water
we've got all the babies and all the
kids it's actually a really nice setup
because we got two of these and we can
just sit and relax with these umbrellas
under the shade and we got we're
watching them parasail we're not really
sure what's going on hunter who's
parasailing right now because they're so
far away but it looks like a lot of fun
yeah all I just got in the water for a
little bit it was a tad traumatizing but
we've worked through some power through
and we got we got actually pretty far in
who just kind of sat in the water
because the water is really calm I
thought if we can get past the waves we
can just hit in the water even okay but
he was a little scared
so he's keep happy now and we're
actually watching Cullen and Bryan
periscope on earth there Parris knowing
on periscope which is pretty singing
cool
I think that's really neat so Ellie and
Jared are about to go up and they're
really far out there it's really hard to
get any pictures but they're out there
that little parachute there we go
we're dropping he's dropping
right now he was periscoping up there
my kid I was insane
all right here we go we're going to take
Ollie out to the water he's a little
scared at first but that's okay we're
gonna have some fun
see
kiss me up to
are you
so I've been hanging out in the ocean
for the last 30 minutes and look what I
came back to
he's passed out you know how he did that
so cute though it's the natural light
noise yeah oh
oh yeah and the winds with the wind and
the weather was sitting up for the
longest time then just laid that his
head over and shut his eyes cute did you
tell him close your eyes nimble Sophie
oh all right we just left the beach and
we had so much fun like it was like that
was so much fun that's like a butterfly
and scan it was so nice that's where me
and Ellie hung out Ellie she's back
physically hiding me daily hung out in
the ocean for like a long time like a
how long we're back there it's like a
light cigarette 30 minutes 40 minutes
yeah we were it was long enough that I
came back at all I was packed up alright
we were in the golf cart and we are
headed to the pool jared is driving us
and I just realized by looking in the
screen that I got pretty birds at the
beach that's okay girl hey hey hey you
missed the golf cart you're gonna have
to walk now they're walking with the
strollers but we have food being
delivered to the pool and we're just
going to hang out and have a fun night
tonight is Jared and Ellie's last night
unfortunately they leave tomorrow but
we're going to be here for a couple more
days so I'm excited to hang out the pool
I think always pretty excited to swim
home buddy
bigger
we roll
Wow Jackson you drove the golf cart all
the way to the pool I'm so proud of like
how he is - he was he was hearing like I
let him steer news that's amazing all
you want to go in the water
ok bye - Wow are you enjoying yourself
ollie
oh you spit in little Miss Maisie games
oh I don't think that's a water toy okay
cool
it's a water toy now look at this we got
all the kids together the three amigos
one last night of frolic Jackson I could
see your butt crack buddy oh look at him
you want a donut can you have a donut
ooh here's a piece oh how about that nom
what is better than eatin pizza by the
pool my little buddy can you tell me
whoa you want a pizza - um
Missy he's eating it from the correct
the point he's gonna get for the points
he always eats up on the side and it's
the weirdest thing ever we just came and
it looks amazing we got calzones oh damn
I know call the police in the fireman
that looks incredible
oh look at this happy family hahahaha
if you guys watch the endings to all of
their vlogs you know this is kind of
like a reoccurring theme and Colin had
to replace me because I had to get up so
now he is cuddling my dad would imagine
the thumbnails are all the same as well
yeah we're actually gonna be here for a
couple more days but we have to say
goodbye to Ellie and Jared I'm really
glad we were able to convince you guys
to come prize ever yeah we're gonna miss
you guys we're gonna miss you guys but
we'll see you soon and we're gonna have
a ton of fun for the rest of the couple
days that we're gonna be here but for
now am I see hey-ey now it's time to say
goodbye and then I don't have anyway
thank you guys for watching if you
enjoyed today's vlog what should they do
you know give it a thumbs up look at all
those thumbs
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye where's
it going it's gonna go on one of these
guys
I chose that much I remember love the
like fire hands held tight I was really
getting by put your eyes light you
decided to take a chance take a chance
on me who knew who knew
