a little brown stuff like right here and
on his legs and on his hand and discover
that his stuck his hands into his diaper
and rubbed poop
good morning guys and happy Sunday Brian
is actually out getting stuff for a
barbecue and I've got my family over
yeah it's been a while since we've had
barbecue it's been like two weeks or
something I don't even know we got a
package from Scotland with a lot of
different treats from the UK and from
Scotland in particular and so we've been
trying a lot of them and why we're like
super weird to us not to probably people
in the UK but these are Tunnock's right
although it's called I think it's a real
nutcase right what is it - tea cakes
yeah I think they're tonic tea cakes
like that and everyone loves those
because they're just Mike marshmallow
chocolate and like graham cracker or
like a cookie so everyone's loving those
Cassie's about the choice and the
interesting what are you trying I think
it's just caramel and chocolate but it
looks curly wurly it's a curly whirly
good what do you think we're like stuck
to my teeth and then we also have this
iron bar brew Cassie wants to try it I'm
not going to try it because it's
actually a soda no I don't think any
soda there's like okay look at this one
a tingly prawn cocktail
who eats these can someone tell me if
you eat these because basically it's
like it sounds like shrimp they're like
a little shrimp cracker and they're
probably kind of like salty they
describe them very weird I'm gonna
describe these robot gifts are the fizzy
light and melty tongue tingly snack
fizzy light tongue - Lea what's hot is
it orange it's not that best I mean the
orange medicine Oh
bad dad would you like to try a prawn it
they say it's busy tingling melty yes
just a cracker dad
weird hmm tingly
I got caramel snicker oh yeah we just
good pairing with all the little place
you got here we've got Kit Kats which
luckily we know what Kit Kats are you
want to try some pickled onion I was
anyone it's barbecue day with the whole
damn fam and I got up what it's the
whole fan dick I said damn fam and she
said you said it wrong it's been damned
fam the whole damn family no it's the
whole you want to say what the whole
point did you say families you say the
whole fam gamble oh we got all the meat
set up for barbecue we're doing the
Angus beef a bun length hot dogs which
is like the only kind we can really eat
in this house and I got chicken and I
got hamburgers and we went snacking on
guac and salsa and Missy is over here
doing something interesting making
margaritas whoa Missy I'm pretty sure
that you are pregnant and drinking
alcohol could lead to pregnant see
dysfunctions and other things is not
happening
alcohol okay so you didn't she's doing
virgin style margaritas which is kind of
ironic because she's pregnant I didn't
think about that Missy yeah it's like
one giant strawberry it counts as one
strawberry Missy what movie is that from
drop it in the blender I got the
margarita mix it's like a POW Lynn
Mahoney and it's all-natural made with
natural ingredients this is like the
premium margarita mix no hug yeah you're
supposed to add tequila to it but since
Missy's pregnant she's just gonna do
that I might add to kill it I mean this
one dumb one just a little bit
look at that beautiful mixture it made
it up miss he's gonna do a sugar rim so
we have a plate of water so you dip it
in the water and then you dip it in the
sugar ooh look at that ready pour it in
it's a little thick that'll be good
though looks yummy looks so pretty
you put a strawberry on the side how is
it hmm is that sweet yeah cool
sweet and sour don't burgers are
happening on the grill right now yeah I
get a fresh propane tank yeah feel like
it just works so much better yeah we
just had to get new propane and it's
kind of cool because we have like a
variety of foods going on everyone can
pick whatever they want yeah and
actually chose burgers which I'm not
usually a burger person like I just I
don't really like burgers but for some
reason this baby boy was thinking
burgers sounded good hopefully it's good
cheese is on look at yet hot dogs they
like tripled in size yeah you see hot
dogs are you eating that this tree and I
are getting back into me I don't know
Wanda either big I know you only what is
the way to trim it you just have to cut
the whole thing yeah pretty much
I'm no kidding no but we have a lot of
palm trees in our backyard and we've
counted if you count them all I believe
we have over twenty two palm trees just
in this backyard and that crazy nice it
makes it very shaded it just makes it
feel like the sea it feels beachy back
here yeah it's very private and more
privacy when you want to stay
yes it does is he gonna eat it is it
gonna eat it yeah good job buddy
even uses the little handles like he's
supposed to
yeah yeah
do you like corn can you say corn hey
say YUM yeah yeah it's basically a bunch
of balls yeah just eat them if that
helps
yeah that makes it's an apple yeah he
wanted to be an athlete to be careful
it's a form of Apple ah they a bird they
ever need it good job buddy
before he started eating it he picked it
up and rubbed it all over his head
so that's why he's got this shiny blonde
hair he's basically butter look at he
loves it babe good enough daddy tickle
its mama tickling you do you like it
more more mama it's cedar please tell me
tickle this one oh it's that look he
gave yes mama
he loves it all right I'm gonna eat my
food now oli is taking a bit of an early
bath tonight because we had a bit of a
crisis oh nice isn't inverted the crisis
has been averted but um we were all just
like playing a game and Ollie had gotten
away from us for a little bit and when
he came back and he realized that there
was a little brown stuff right here a
little brown stuff like right here and
on his legs and on his hands and we
discovered that hid stuck a can into his
diaper and rubbed poop
all right it was not fun ha baby did you
have poo poo only once he realized he's
like Oh little gross yeah he kind of
panicked when he realized anything bit
we were freaking out too yeah yeah for
sure
Oliver did you go poopy he's been
cleaned up he took a quick bath we
washed his hair and
everything oh yes and everything else it
seems to be happening more often
yep Toy Story can't even keep him awake
yes it is poor guy hashtag dad life
right all right guys the family is gone
Bryan is awake after a little nap have a
nice nap okay and all he's all ready for
bed it's actually past his bedtime but
that's just what happens when you have
the family over he just wants to stay up
and hang out with them and why not you
gonna go night-night
you gonna go night-night now okay one
thing that did happen between like when
they were all here and we just weren't
paying attention is Ollie drops the
camera really hard so that's kind of a
bummer but that happens everyone so well
and it's like get rid of that one angry
place yeah that's why I like it actually
takes longer to focus sometimes and
sometimes like the colorings like weird
because it's pretty much yeah Ollie has
got both of these cameras at least four
times and like from far that this one
dropped literally from all the way from
up here to down there
alright let's top of this part up that's
YouTube life right especially when it's
like out every day all day all right
Ollie hey good night can you say night
daddy
ha ha say I love you I love you can you
get baby brother kiss kiss you baby
brother
keep-keep baby brother kiss ah good job
alright we're going to bed Brian's going
to go ahead and edit the box we're gonna
end it hope you guys enjoyed it give the
video a thumbs up if you did and we'll
see you guys tomorrow
I've been getting it right
Oh take it to me he's a foodie new
you'll bite you're being a good boy
another years help
is
