good morning guys we are in our hotel
room and we're actually packing up
because today is our last day in Logan
Utah but there may be some more
adventures around the corner like I said
we're just getting packed up and getting
everything situated we have Ellie and
Jared's clothes from last night mr.
brown clothes from them so we could hang
out late with them at their house oh
yeah Holly were all they were cowards or
Jackson famous and all he is up and
drinking his milk and he's ready for the
day ready to see your friend Jackson
chicky yeah I put some stuff in his hair
but it didn't really do anything so it's
kind of shiny and nice but yeah we're
actually just gonna check out now and
then head over to Ellie and Jared okay
Jackson's coming hi good morning buddy
like I love this I'm so excited to be
with my friend we have Jackson's car
seat in our car still from yesterday so
they're loading them up and we'll just
take them off your hands for you excited
to service a bow
there Jackson and you be in the car with
you yeah that was adorable you ready to
go get some breakfast Jackson OMG knee
oh look at that German chocolate brownie
are we getting dessert or breakfast oh
good morning Calvin hey buddy we're
gonna get you a big gooey gooey cinnamon
roll but yours to sleep babies are
supposed to sleep yeah that's so odd
right the school breakfast space college
meters are you hungry yet
how about now oh how about now oh how
about now are you hungry
you're munching our Czech food looks
amazing you guys this pancake it's like
huge and fluffy and numb Jared said the
syrup is like liquid gold
it looks amazing yeah they probably just
put some breast milk in it to work here
for the vitamins we just had the best
breakfast and I can't be honest like I
had the best french toast I've ever had
in my entire life it was like a it was
like a magical experience that's really
so weird
definitely the syrup house so if you're
ever in Logan and you want to try a good
place go to meters Ollie and Jackson had
pancakes and strawberry you want
strawberries all over you these boys are
so sick yeah
we have Jackson ollie we're going to
just take them for a little while and
play and first up we're going to the
book store because we brought all these
favorite book the toy story book and he
loves living through the pages and Bryan
yeah well he left it in the airplane
like in the pocket so I felt so bad even
though there's many other little kids
that in first class they're happy
they're they're pretty happy reason 12 I
feel so bad that we lost it but I know
all I has no idea so I thought well
let's just go down and like go look at
some books just now notice that we got a
lot of big plans today
so it's give Ellie a little break yeah
buddy
cuz your handful are keep Lily saw that
anyway
we're gonna see if we can find a witty
bite hold hands hold hands it's like I'm
trying
yay we're gonna go see if we can find
woody we're headed into Hastings which I
actually haven't really heard about or
seen or been in in years
yeah video music and and then books so
we'll see this is also kind of a look at
our nature right all right so you got
Jackson
I got ollie do you hear hey Missy would
say where are you kids I don't think
kids are interested in reading about
Dave Ramsey Missy you had one job what'd
you find
Oh show mama
frozen fever frozen fever book mm-hmm oh
it's feel like it's got stickers slep
running around it's so cute
tickle tickle him Oh get him tickle him
go get Jackson go get him go get him
it's not the cutest thing you've ever
seen
Jackson you just keep trying to run away
oh you found one I found this and I
found this old one oh yes there you are
I'm gonna get you there you are
I'm gonna get you oh are you okay
it is a doggy what doggies do they go
ruff ruff we have stumbled upon all of
the Disney kid books which is really
cool you have a doc McStuffins and lego
movie book oh you don't want Clifford
he's like I want doc McStuffins oh it's
got little like lift up yeah that is
genius
another toy story winding we hit the
jackpot babe look at pick one all right
we're taking the boys now to this little
neighborhood park over here
see if they can run off some energy and
get tired so that they can take a good
nap
Jackson you got a rock already huh just
a little bit it's just a little water
and then you wash your bum at the bottom
hi are you steering the entire thing the
easiest thing for parents and kids
okay please let's go is the swing if I
can't run around you are contained hi
Jackson flexing
we got cheesy smile on your face what
are you doing
all right the boys are off to get us
lunch and Ellie is downstairs with
Calvin and the bullies were napping but
this boy just woke up
he's yawns mama hi I heard your yawn for
Mama oh is that the giraffe look who
else is up Bali I'm gonna go ahead and
Jackson you're up from your nap too are
you guys ready to play again they both
love for a full hour and a half at the
exact same time and woke up at the same
time Brian's got both the boys
Missy's helping clean up down here cuz
the boys they go ham it's a record
it's nice kitchen tumblers I know it's
like I just cleaned up this mess
and I broke out my Polaroid camera and I
took some pretty sweet pics which I must
show you right now all Ian Jackson
playing outside well then get this look
at these photos
Elian Calvin and Calvin I took those
with the flash off and just the window
open turned out really good and then of
course we had to recreate all Ian
Jackson's photo that we did last time we
were here so that's the old one and
that's the new one I'm keeping the boys
very busy right now they're both rolling
whoa
can you roll over here whoa Jax is
getting crazy bro like I'm gonna get my
blanket
you guys are so silly oh he got you bomb
he rolled right to the ball and now the
balls rolling alright I finally got the
boys contained Toy Story ha look at all
yeah yeah and that cool this is why I
always obsessed with woody
um guys I'm getting your son obsessed
with woody as well all right we are
leaving Logan we've got the car all
packed Ollie's all packed and we are on
to our next adventure but before we do
that we're actually going to go and stay
the night at Ellie's parents house which
is actually something I'm really looking
forward to I love her parents they're
like the sweetest people homebred yeah I
like really excited yeah really excited
to go there and hang out for a bit with
Ellie's family at least the whole family
is just like so nice so sweet so much
fun we are now at Ellie's parents house
and Ollie has this entire yard to run
free and look at there's even a puppy
dog
this is yogi Ollie can you say doggie
yeah and you found a ball huh he's all
gone don't know drunk milk drunk
hashtag no drunk even milk you've been
under the influence haven't you ollie
see Jackson jump jump jump oh good job
we kinda just need to be on the edge
jump jump jump jump jump
he loves jumping it's adorable jump jump
oh let me see you jump ollie there you
go
hey Ollie is climbing up the Griffith
treehouse so we built it two years ago
oh really
thank you that's a song so cool you're
still up hi hey that's not what you
expected Jackson can climb up too high
look at this sweet setup it's cool they
got handprints and footprints and Olly
is climbing again you try to get the
birdies
yeah the birdies get theirs mama hey
this would be so cool to like camp out
in like as a kid you know well my
favorite thing to do would be like took
a trampoline right here and then jump
off oh really
hmm all he's like yeah put the
trampoline over there Hollywood you find
only sit down the test you found a snake
hey can you say snake that's not scary
well that is a freaky like because we're
gonna go ahead and call it a night we've
been having a blast hanging out with
Ellie's family but that's it for today
so if you guys enjoyed today's video
click thumbs up and be sure to watch
tomorrow so you can see where next
adventures gonna be
mmm-hmm all right you guys I'm buying
I remember love the like fire
helped hide I was really getting by but
your eyes light you decided to take a
chance take a chance on me who knew
