got the ball put your batter oh just hit
him in the face he's like stupid hat
good morning guys
well it's not morning anymore I've had a
very busy morning I got up and I got my
haircut and then I actually just got out
of my second voice lesson and it went
really really well
funny thing I was kind of running late
for my haircut already and then I had
the CD that she gave me to warm up with
and I was focusing so much on what I was
supposed to be doing I missed the exit
for my haircut making me even later than
I was supposed to be but I was like I
really only have a CD player in my car
though so this is like basically one of
the only places that I can practice but
this is like one of the things 1 2 3 4 5
4 3 2 1
one two three four five four three two
one one two three four five four three
two one
basically that exercise helps me drop in
my air so I have more air singing and
singing is basically just all about
breathing so we've been going over a lot
of things just so I can breathe
correctly but had very good productive
morning good afternoon over hi all he's
super happy today because he woke up
this morning to aunty being in the guest
room she actually spent the night last
night he was so happy and so excited
they've been hanging out all morning and
then your mom just ran off to do some
last-minute things for Brian's Father's
Day guess I'm going to kind of been
hinting at it for a while but I just
been working really hard to make sure
that it's really special and so I just
did some last-minute stuff for that and
now I'm back and we're eating lunch and
your mom just picked up some Wendy's so
he's having chicken nuggets and fries
today because it's just one of those
days we're gonna make it real easy and
he's laughing at woody right now huh
he's already up some is napping yeah he
went to bed wanting to watch woody hey
stop jumping and he woke up and he was
like woody woody so he put what he back
on huh we go eat your lunch now let's go
eat your food hey kiddo are you wearing
your hat what mama
yeah Mama's outside right now look at
how cute he is in his hat his Mickey hat
it's a little bit but I don't want to
adjust it cuz I don't would piss him off
and he probably would take it off huh
give him on my kiss your nose is gross I
got the hot on him babe but I don't want
to adjust it it's a little big cuz he
might freak out
I can pick something cuz I'm your
husband like oh noes here I'll throw the
ball and then you hit it with your bat
cake put your bat up put your bat up you
want to hit it Oh got the ball put your
bat up oh I just hit him in the face
he's like stupid hat stupid hat got his
eyes we still have the vacuum out of the
pool it's probably not cleaning very
well no I think it uses the bottom vent
if the vacuums not hooked up put the
snake back in babe you know what I
realized
we've never once used the volleyball net
that came with the pool we took it down
the first day that we got here ah got it
I'm going to anybody gone gone meanwhile
all I was just playing in the dog's
water hey drink some tea drink notes I
just changed I think he's okay this a
little wet we thirsty did you want some
water you want water yeah by the way to
go many pants very cool my first pair I
actually really like them they like are
kind of tight at the bottom his shoes
look really cool although he does have
the stain right here nice days just
water yeah I like them they look good
most pair of joggers I think they're
really cool though I told him he's gonna
probably start to be boiling in them but
he says they're different that other
jeans cuz they're very a lot lighter
than the other pants yeah yeah a little
music maker in the middle of target this
is like the coolest Isle the B toys
playing at the center I got kind of like
sidetracked yeah you can like
well the car started and then you like
to say that and whoa oh my gosh that's
so cool
yeah also oli is very patriotic today
with his flag shirt that's supposed to
be his fourth of July outfit oh really
look at this sweet new juice we got
who's that
can you say doc it's doc McStuffins doc
McStuffins you know she'll make you feel
better
that isn't Apple yes I know the doc
McStuffins singsong who doesn't honestly
you know it is so good and the graphics
of that show are so good and then we saw
popular people voicing them we've been
putting that that show on one another
Apple I think he thinks they're sour
they probably put me the woman juice on
him oh really
I want an apple I'll eat you Apple that
Arlo who is right
oh right you some sunglasses breath
Holly can you give doc mcstuffins a kiss
mmm wha that was kind of a serious kiss
Missy did you see that he's kind of
getting serious with doc mcstuffins
there all right all it was so good at
Target that when he saw this he said
please and so we got it for him so we're
gonna try and play with it right now see
if I can all right all you ready come
here over here and right here okay
ready hate it because I want to try it
okay I'll let you do it hang on stand
over here
right here there you go do it again
we're gonna see hey y'all it really loud
lag oh wait can you give these to Papa
we got him some peanuts hey do I give
those to pop okay I'd say do you wanna
peanut yeah no pause right here hey papa
oh and Nene look what Mimi and Papa got
you is the coolest thing ever ha he's
been playing in this thing the last 30
minutes he keeps throwing the whole food
out and then putting the food back in
this was actually at my aunt Christie's
and he played with it so much that she
was like he just have it so she sent it
over here and he is pretty happy
he just keeps opening everything and
then closing it and then doing dishes
and then putting them away set the oven
oh yeah and this is the fridge oh this
where you get drinks get your drink and
there's food there's food in there
banana you got dirty you are
that's a jnana karma are you having fun
at Mimi and Papa's too sick do me go
throw the ball throw the ball Carmen's
havin some fun here and we're just all
hanging out on the patio Brian just left
to go get all eight cuz he ran off there
he comes he got you now make us some
dinner guys getting ready to go to work
so that sucks it was a kiss to work at
night guys and it really sucks so he's
getting ready to leave and we're just
hanging out it's so nice outside
yes runner fan well that's nice out
it's like extra nice in the world
haha get Papa hug Oh give him a kiss
good all he's doing bath time and boy
was this boy so dirty and just dirt like
melted off of his skin it was so funny
look what came today
nature paws which means I get to snack
on pineapple which I am really
excited about and when I snack oli
snacks we've got some blueberry nom noms
here oh I got it
you want some he's gonna eat his
blueberry num-nums while taking the bath
that sound good
yes good hopefully he doesn't get it wet
we also have some hair crazy crunch and
we also got a couple other really yummy
snacks that Brian has downstairs that
he's munching on so if you guys want to
get free snacks check out the link down
below we love them they're really really
delicious especially the pineapple if
you don't get the pineapple then I'm
like what the heck all right guys that's
all for today's vlog I hope you enjoyed
it if you did click that thumbs up
button and I did want to say that my
personal channel youtube.com slash Bryan
Lanning is actually really close to a
hundred thousand subscribers so if
you're subscribed to this channel you
definitely should be subscribed to my
personal channel that's where I put like
my music videos and my extra videos that
don't really fit on this channel or
Missy's channel so please go subscribe
to that I'll have a link down below in
description and if you're not subscribed
to this channel and subscribe because we
put out a video every single day and
it's free Oh charge also if you are in
the Seattle area we are going to be at
vlogger fair in August we're really
excited so get yo tickets you can get
discounts with the links below in the
description as well anyways hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog we will see
you manana that means tomorrow okay
seriously don't miss tomorrow okay bye
but I'm sure they get bigger it might
get like more comfortable was really
nice yeah folded a really lovely that's
a short it mamas got it address I'm
super diva to nuts on you covered online
voting and I know I like that's like a
thing that people do right
