we're back home looking for Kelsey's
earring in the air-conditioning vent
already seen him drop weight
Uncle Ben told Allie to put on his shoes
and so he slipped right into my shoes I
think those are a little big for you
buddy
yeah those are shoes he does whatever
you tell them you have to be careful
they're on the wrong feet
oh they are if they were on the right
feet that I'd be really amazed look he's
trying to tie them to you look like a
little baby clown kid I know right
pretty good yeah we all guys we all got
our shoes on I got my shoes corns got
his shoes mama's got her shoes and you
got your shoes anyway good morning guys
it is our last full day in Portland and
we've just been getting ready for the
day clearly not cleaning this place up
does who does that when they're on
vacation am i right can I get an amen
Oh Allie oh I forgot to show him this
this you guys is a mail slot so that
when the postman comes you can just put
mail in there and then you could just
lift it up and grab it up how crazy is
that oh you okay
guys we are at breakfast oh it's home
had a line around the block Yankees and
and I got biscuits and gravy
eggs toast and he got all that food yeah
he's got pancakes and scrambled egg
it all looks really good so we're going
to get his holidays houses I always try
to get eggs benedict when we travel
broken glass this is where we parked
Corbin successfully avoided it which is
nice we are at Laurel Horse Park and
we're just going to go in and run around
and play it's definitely one of the
nicer neighborhood parks Laurelhurst is
kind of like a really nice neighborhood
in Portland and so we've been wanting to
check it out for a while we have in this
raincoat right now
so that little Dino hoodie on it and on
this favorite jacket is soaked wrinkly
oh yeah but it's kind of chilly yep
there we go there please okay that looks
so cool oh we got your ball we got your
Dino hoodie let's go have some fun
you
you guys look put a bird on it
Holly can you say squirrel say squirrel
Holly say squirrel no it's me it's kind
of like a doggie I guess it's got four
legs is Memorial Day so we were thinking
it might be a little bit packed yeah
but section s event big person - there
are hardly like any spots where the Sun
actually touches the ground because it's
just so shady okay sure
yeah but yet the grass is still green
it's not nice to tease Corbin you catch
it get it
skipper Meeks I don't know when he's
gonna shop a little bit oh I guess okay
hey mom uh-huh okay
grab on good job you're a little monkey
boy
all right guys we are out and about and
we're actually headed to Powell's book
store which I guess is a really big deal
in Portland and I'm there is no elevator
so Brian pick Carvin are pivoting down
the stairs right okay pivot pivot
there's so many stairs I think we're in
the fourth floor like that is a lot
pivot pivot
all right there's so many levels all
right we're headed into pals bookshop
it's huge right it's like goes like four
it's like an entire city wall
I'm like how many folks could you
possibly have need how do you even
organize that many books
Brett kids bestsellers Missy found a
book called the book with no pictures
yes is there really no pictures pictures
been actually quite an interest yes I'm
a monkey also I am a robot monkey what
what my head is made of blueberry beads
that we see look at this one right off
the road oh my gosh look at that dude
oh I do did these monkeys tail all he's
wagging his tail cut the doggy he put
him right here neck cool buddy oh look
at him scratching scratching himself
we're finding so many cool books for
ollie this one was really cute read the
whole thing to him and he loved it
oh this huh yeah the Yeti turns out the
light yeah we found a Toy Story one who
is that woody and that's Buzz Lightyear
he's a buzz so we had a blast spoiling
Oliver at Powell's Books and now we are
headed to get some pizza downtown what I
did oh it's a random chicken bone we've
passed this art piece like a dozen times
so far yeah tell us what you think it is
yeah it's very interesting and there's
sizzle pie that's where we're going for
pizza eat pizza every day
Pizza food pyramid you say pizza
yeah that's pretty close from pizza to
ice cream we are now at the ruby jewel
and look at this I got an Ice Cream
Sandwich
it's a chocolate chip cookie with mint
ice cream that's not green because it's
real mixed he's like a real mental
illness like he's like I'll take the
chocolate not the Thai eyes like no
cookies a great
Missy's cone was warm it was like fresh
that's awesome babe that's so cool yes
mom all right yesterday we did tried
salt Jon it was really good yeah oh yeah
I had I had like a strawberry balsamic
it was crazy good and I tried the
dandelion and it wasn't bad but it was
kind of strong yeah that's like a really
popular thing as well so we are just now
leaving downtown Portland but I wanted
to tell you guys because I actually just
remembered you guys definitely should
watch The Ellen DeGeneres Show today
which for you guys is the 26 because
we're gonna be on it right Missy they
are basically they what we talked to the
producers and they wanted to use some
footage from some funny vlogs and
they're trying to put together like a
cool little montage so if you watch
tomorrow you may just see Oliver in a
sticky situation
be quite funny we're back home looking
for Kelsey's earring in the
air-conditioning vent already seen him
drop whoa wait oh yes that's amazing you
stink oh my gosh that's funny we saw him
drop one down there and we grabbed it
obviously he did it earlier to that one
you know I guess is all huh hey it's our
last night in Portland yep we leave
tomorrow
yep and it's sad yeah we had so much fun
and we're actually tomorrow we're just
gonna like go to breakfast and hang out
and then we head home
but always actually asleep and we're
probably going to do another bonfire and
hang out but we wanted to let you guys
know that vlogger fair is in August and
we're really excited we're really
looking forward to going and meeting a
lot of people vlog repair is a really
fun event because it's very like its
kind of small and it's more like for the
tight-knit community especially
especially for family vloggers but
there's actually a lot of youtubers
there as well yeah we went last year and
it was just like it was really cool as
well I think there's a lot more intimate
like with our viewers because we kind of
were just at the event walking around
yeah and so we got to have a lot of
really great conversations and meet
people and that's actually where I met
Bailey hoon who helps us now with the
intro she makes all the intros yeah
matter so it's really cool so if you
guys do want to come I'll have a link
down below in the description if you use
that link in the description it gives
you like a huge discount and they're
offering some really cool ticket tiers
this year yeah like as far as like VIP
and meet and greets and stuff so the
fogger fairs is a great deal altogether
because some of it sometimes other
events are actually quite expensive and
this is a good deal for ya
event money area it's in there it's in a
Seattle area so yeah if you're anywhere
in that area and want to come yeah I'm a
great little family trip as well there's
a lot of cool bloggers coming we have a
lot of friends coming um bloggers
friends probably most of the family
while you're so yeah Shaytards Charles
Ellie and Jared
it'll be cool yeah come hang out with us
yeah so click that link in the
description hope you guys enjoyed the
Portland vlogs we had so much fun here
and we just enjoyed hanging out with
tusk in Corbin thanks for showing us
around guys yeah any few yeah if you
guys didn't know they actually do a lot
of adventure
videos so like travel videos they're
kind of like just know everything around
here already just because they love to
explore so if you guys like to explore
other areas of the country
go click the on their link down below
and subscribe to them and they'll show
you around because they are people on or
none and they started they travel to
Europe and that's where it Corbin
proposed so they have some really home
video yeah so anyways go check them out
where you end it give the video thumbs
up thumbs up for Portland you had a
blast right if you have already and we
see you smile buddy who knew who knew
I remember love the like fire
I'm helped hide I was barely getting by
but your eyes lie you decided to take a
chance take a chance on me
who knew
