we
good morning guys it is another
beautiful day in Portland Oregon going
to chase some waterfalls today but first
we need to fuel up so we stopped by this
awesome little food truck pot and we're
gonna grab some food
well brunch brunch is a big thing here
in Portland because everyone's kind of
like they slow it down
they don't rush hey kiddo Oh your muddy
shoes come on can you hold my hand we're
gonna go get some food you want food I
know you want food I know you see they
have waffle sandwiches over here
waffles are a big thing in this city
like all the nice restaurants they
always have something with a waffle it's
interesting
his little sign up there that says every
food truck that's around here
anybody
yeah
this pizza truck has a little fire pit
right there where they do the pizzas and
look what I found you guys displaced
those breakfast burritos
this one's called dank and delicious
made me think of calling Katie this is
like the food truck master
Holley you got your stick yeah he's
still playing with that stick that is so
funny why are we still letting him play
with that stick babe
are you okay this is shy enough to throw
up we are on our way to Multnomah Falls
as this really cool Falls in Oregon and
we basically entered like calendar
assist seems too perfect it's a
motivational poster yeah it's like a
motivational poster for real we've been
passing like these rocky cliffs and like
water and forest it's really cool and
it's like super like fog and easy
definitely seems awesome
we have arrived at Multnomah Falls you
guys and I gotta say this view is pretty
insane
all right we are hiking up to that
little bridge it's about point two miles
top of the Falls is one mile which
Kelsey in Corbin just did last week
right
last week I'll have the video on the
screen so you guys can click it we're
down below in the description he did a
cool little hike up here to talks about
like the history of the bridge and yeah
it might be a little slow at this guy
cuz he likes to pick up walks look at
these fuzzy trees fuzzy it's like really
pretty like they look like they have fur
on them like dripping down
people on that bridge I don't know what
the weight capacity of that bridge yeah
is Memorial weekend so it happened they
came in they were like all by themselves
but that's pretty them you want your mom
you can kind of feel it this baby have
to say Wow
now we are getting some refreshments at
the little snack center they got always
snacking on a chip and we got ice cream
and nachos it feels so great out here
though usually it's like a 20-minute
drive from the city but because it was
so busy it took us like an hour to get
here we were like in that line for so
long like we earned this and I told Carm
I was like it's okay we're from
California were used to lines yeah
because it's like our life yeah
lines in traffic
I mean it
oh he's God
say hi alright we are getting some gas
and we have kilometres now yes I'm dying
gas and if he doesn't know an organ that
you cannot pump your own gas they pump
it for you I kind of forgot how to do it
I totally forget I actually if I weep or
again I'll just like sit in my buddy
well honestly I don't know really how to
do it Vince Brian the Baker girls
wonderful gas station tenant Charles
yeah and Corbin was saying it's nice
like when it's really cold you just like
roll down your window just enough to
slip your card why are you not allowed
to so austin Rhode Island I think are
the only states that don't do it and
it's for like job creation uh-huh also
for safety hazards for like static fire
yeah yeah we are getting ready cuz me
and Brian are gonna go on a little date
because Kelsey and Corbin have agreed to
watch Olli well they didn't agree to
actually they kind of forced us to do it
because it made us agree to go out to
dinner by ourselves so they're gonna
watch Ali which as you can see it's
going to be a very easy babysitting job
Holly what are you doing oh yeah it
really might happen in downtown Portland
we're actually in a different two of us
yeah and we're playing it totally
different part of downtown
we have not been to yet yeah kind of
exciting Corbin made reservations at
this place called departure that was
good we're excited to go find out and
excited that Kelsey querying it a little
bit of time with oli this part of
downtown is really nice
find the bus right now it's really loud
right yeah it's super pretty and there's
a lot of like shops that we've heard of
but just kind of nice when you haven't
know like oh they're de gen√®ve or
whatever oh look at this kitty kitty
Missy tickle the kitty you got a tickle
the kitty you can take it take it take
it to go that isn't very has a very
large cat swaggie really good yeah we've
got a great view and let's check it out
it's just like really different
it's refusion no sirs leaving dinner and
look at where we're at right now it's
like a virgin American Airlines in here
doesn't it remind you of that yeah
swishy walls and pink lighting swag swag
swag swag can we put something like this
in our house that'd be too much by the
way now it's coming
well looking there mirrors on the wall I
look very scary right now we are hanging
by the fire playing heads up girls are
trying to beat us they just need three
more so they're probably gonna beat
Corbin and I cuz we're not that great at
Marvel characters superhero I know we I
think we won did we did how many did you
get
you only got two huh girls lost alright
guys that's all for today's vlog we are
making this fire nice and careful nice
and any more fire more wood it's so cool
cuz our place has this really cool fire
pit so we're just sitting by the fire
playing games making toasty hot schmoes
name that movie name that movie in the
comments below but I'm gonna go ahead
and end today's vlog I hope you guys
enjoyed it if you did give it a big fat
chairmanship and shout out to all the
people who are leaving happy friendly
comments right now these are the
comments from yesterday's vlog I've been
doing that let me know what you guys
think of it what were using if you
haven't seen le ingeras birth blog
Calvin was born it's links below in the
description and on the screen so check
that out too thank you guys for watching
we will shear tomorrow bye go into you
it's going to you where's it gone what's
the way it's gone
who knew I remember lovely like fire
camp helps hide I was barely getting by
but your eyes light you decided to take
a chance take a chance on me who knew
