good money can't karma my goodness
I am headed upstairs because like I said
yesterday oli has been going a little
bit backwards in his sleep
meaning that he will not go to sleep
last night was actually quite rough for
us one of our toughest nights with him
because normally he sleeps really good
and sometimes he'll want to come into
our room and I'll let him like sleep in
our room for like an hour and then I'll
lay him back in his crib but he was not
having it he wanted to sleep in my bed
with me all night long and so here we
are enough time and I rocked him and I
laid him down and he is not having it so
I'm gonna come in here and I'm gonna try
and put this kid to bed
oli it is nap time you need to go
night-night
do you understand you need to go
night-night okay
good morning guys oMG nee look look what
it is it's a package what can Brown do
for you they can deliver my package
which is awesome
and yes I peeked but I wanted to open it
here because I am so stinking excited I
talked about this yesterday whoa look at
all of these bubble things whoa that was
loud holy cow
probably just woke up oli and Missy's
really mind me
here it is Papapa Papapa yes I'm so
excited I got a new Polaroid camera that
I've been wanting for such a long time
now so this is the one I'm currently
using it's the Instax Mini 8 and this is
a really great great camera because I
think it like introduced me to the world
of Polaroid which was really cool and I
love it but its features are very
bare-bones so this one actually has a
lot of cool features so it has double
exposure mode which means you can take a
picture on one Polaroid and instead of
printing it out you can take another
picture on top of it so you can like
make some really cool artsy stuff oMG
okay you're getting a little camera
unboxing on the daily I hope that's okay
manuals we don't need those don't need
those strap look at this strap you guys
it's like it feels like like a leather
says Fuji film what's also cool about
this plurid camera it uses a
rechargeable battery which is actually
very nice because the insects many ate
flies through double-a is like crazy
there's the battery it's a little guy a
baby unicorn and last but not least the
camera this thing looks so slick you
guys they designed it to be like super
vintage classy oMG look at that that is
a thing of beauty
oh man and it comes up a side which is
really cool I'm gonna have so much fun
learning how to use this the deed is
done he's asleep finally
that was tough I had to try a couple
times and I probably really shouldn't be
rocking him all the way to sleep but
it's been such a tough day and night
that I kind of just I just did it I I
think what we're doing is we are
becoming more mommy because same thing
like we went to swim today and he would
not let anyone touch him except for me
like I was the only one that could take
him swimming or hold him while he's
swimming and so I think he's just kind
of just getting more attached maybe he
senses a new baby coming I don't really
see how that could be it or
like a phase he's going through it's
tough because I want to like be there I
want to take care of him but at the same
time I need him to kind of start growing
up again and start you know being a
little bit more independent my little
munchkin is up from his nap and he slept
so good you slept for almost two hours
did you know that only he was a kind of
nice like you tricked me when he woke up
huh we're actually getting ready to head
out where we can go do something fun
with him okay Olli we're gonna do
something fun - because I tricked you
I'm working on my double exposure yeah
with the new camera I took a picture of
Missy in the chair and then I took a
picture of the emoji pillow yeah and
lined him up totally yeah it's like oli
grabbed this picture of karma and he did
karma and he was like talking to him
about the fact that he's like this is a
picture of you karma did you know my dad
did the picture you
sticking my tongue out at this little
boy what are you doing
your mama's sitting next to you huh you
got to eat your lunch because you got to
feel up feed-in some fast lunch
here we go kiddo he has no idea what
we're about to do
he's always first time at a trampoline
park or on a trampoline really never
really seen him jump except yesterday he
did a little bit of jumping yeah he
might have fun just running we'll see
how it goes today might be complete
oppas astir but there'd be something new
for this little guy to explore there it
is you guys arrow sports trampoline
parks we're matching buddy he doesn't
like it already it's like no wristband
no
say hi to the blog fella Hey ran into
some viewers all he's jumping for the
first time he's so cute he loves it all
right look at this they got they got a
crayon Castle
all that jumpin sure tired you out
didn't it boy yeah many went jumping he
say jump
yeah the sucker he's eating is Missy
sucker
she bought his sucker for yourself and
he kind of took over it so we got it
another one just like a kid I didn't get
the jump so I get suckers the last time
I was here was when I was pregnant with
him really and now you're pregnant with
that baby I know right we always come in
when she's pregnant
he did really good though I was really
surprised at how much he was actually
like jumping it was really fun do you
enjoy yourself Olli
I think someone's tired are you tired
yeah yeah you picked him up and as soon
as I did he put his head on my shoulder
you're tired
say I love you dad he had so much fun
he's exhausted now all right I'm gonna
put you in the car CK you think he'll
pass out on the way home
he might just we shall see you guys this
late
I was just editing together all of the
trampoline footage and all they just had
so much fun it was so cool being able to
do that with him today when I just love
him we get to do like new experiences
like that with him I don't know it's
kind of just one of those really cool
parent moments but anyway that's all for
today's vlog I'm gonna go ahead and end
it here and then get some sleep but I
hope you guys enjoyed the blog if you
did give it a thumbs up and if you
didn't see mrs. your bump date it's
linked down below in the description go
check it out - talked about the anatomy
scan where we learned some important
stuff about new a little baby boy okay
I'm gonna fall asleep talking today so
let's see tomorrow we go today but it
needs to go up tomorrow but today for
you guys talk about my anatomy scan says
we did get a couple I guess you could
say concerning information concerning
this information I just a couple things
that you know if you talk to us about so
I can so you guys can go watch that if
you want in for me
