they're up there we go honey where is he
good morning guys I'm just in my room
cleaning up and getting ready for the
day all he's just waking up from his nap
and he has been acting so weird so I
don't know if you guys can tell but he's
it's right now pointed out the I get to
focus right now pointed at the rocking
chair and he's been swinging that thing
so hard back so that it hits the wall
really hard and laughs hysterically he
thinks it's the funniest thing ever
now he's just laying down Ollie are you
ready to get up
I can't it's just funny because whenever
you look at a screen like this you kind
of like hope you don't see like a ghost
or something because it's like night
vision and when I looked at it and I saw
the rocking chair just rocking by itself
I kind of freaked out for a second but
then I realized that it was him and he
just was rocking it himself really hard
so anyways we're gonna go ahead and go
get him right now
what are you doing that was mama talking
to you yeah were you hitting this sword
oh my gosh he was hitting it so hard you
can even see the marks on the wall dude
I'm gonna have to move your rocking
chair actually I've been wanting to
rearrange his room for a while so I
might end up doing that just because of
that lunch is served guys I've got ollie
a little peanut and jelly sandwich and I
made me a peanut you like sandwich which
is really weird for me I'm not usually a
peanut butter and jelly sandwich type
girl but I am pregnant I think I crave
more a big glass of milk and actually
more specifically a big tall glass of
ice-cold milk this is what I crave
really but in order to drink this I have
to like drink after like eat like a
peanut in jelly sandwich or something
and so lately I've been wanting pure and
jelly sandwiches and a nice tall glass
of cold milk all are you ready to eat
are you paying with your toys where are
you oh you're in here hi
you want to eat your lunch or you want
to eat in here
we have its picnic picnic bench in here
would that make eating lunch more fun
swear you just said no fun all right
come on let's go eat to eat lunch stay
eat oh don't you that here's a pretty
fun problem to have my shorts
they don't fit anymore in fact these
shorts will literally fall off of my
hips if I'm if I have things in my
pocket and I'm not wearing a belt and I
actually can't find my belt today my
pants are gonna be falling down as I
walk around today which is annoying but
also kind of cool at the same time yeah
I've actually lost 17 pounds total which
is a pretty cool and I think I can tell
a lot more in my face I think I think it
affects my face a lot earlier but it's
really cool cuz I just got the scale and
basically I just get up in the morning
and step on it and then it sends the
information over to my phone and the
health app so I can basically like track
everything that way
what you got Ollie you got a ball like
Ollie look at Ollie watch you go kick
yeah you go kick kick it kick it with
your legs that was that was a silly
silly kick Holly and I are hanging up
here because Missy is finishing uh some
voiceover work for her video and we were
a little too loud what are you doing
what are you doing you think something
is on here and then he's like wiping it
on me yeah no no no idea nothing on that
No
yeah not again hey all right I have been
cleaning like crazy and doing a bunch of
stuff and I know I probably just got
done talking about food do another
cracker I'm gonna tell you another thing
that I've been doing I find myself
constantly hungry now I think maybe that
I've like turned 18 weeks I just seem to
be always hungry and I never I don't
snack normally lately I've just been in
like dislike I need snack because I'm
not ready for like a meal but I'm hungry
and so I picked up these little like
cheese bites like there it's just like a
Tillamook medium cheddar and it's so
good like I feel like it gives me just
enough like just like one of these and
like a few crackers could be enough like
to fill my belly and make me feel like I
had a little protein I might be like a
little craving of mine but delicious and
all like to share it with me huh you got
crackers why'd you drop it on the ground
you got them all over now we're gonna
have to get Carmen to help clean them up
no crime all I need your help
he spilled his crackers everywhere you
could just get those crumbs for me
he's like oh I was hoping more you're
silly he's also eating his little
applesauce
maybe not near the white couches thank
you so I'm working at my dad's can I
just picked a big zit today see it oh
that's gross those are like the worst
actually going through my emails and
then going through comments and I saw a
comment and someone said I feel like all
Brian cares about anymore is his singing
career and he doesn't care about
vlogging anymore and I just want to tell
you guys that is absolutely not true if
I didn't care about vlogging I wouldn't
be doing it and really the two like go
hand-in-hand because these vlogs are our
life you know
Missy's life all of his life my life our
life as a family and what we do singing
is becoming a big part of that
people change families change through
time it's kind of just how we are as
humans so I just want to say that that
yes I
care about vlogging a lot I think when
you do something for so long so
regularly and it's such a part of your
life now it'd be really be really hard
to stop and honestly as a husband and a
father you know a family man my main
goal is to provide for my family
so pursuing things that I like to do
that can actually do that like singing
are things that I'm gonna be focused on
and like how amazing is that that I can
do something that I love and provide for
my family with it I think that's amazing
that's the American dream these vlogs
this whole daily vlog thing that we've
been doing for almost three years is all
of our lives we're always going to show
you what Oliver's doing we're always
going to show you what Missy's working
on and what she's doing and of course
what I'm doing yeah that's all I had to
say now I'm gonna go into the bathroom
and pick it my zit a little bit more we
are headed to Mimi and Papa's right now
because all he hasn't seen pop in a
while and he's been asking me to see
papa us you papa hey impac yeah my car
wants to see Khoda and papa huh I think
Karma's in the mood to go run in place
so we're gonna take them over there and
hang out I have a question for you okay
do i annoy you with how much I talk
about music no no no really no I don't
want to annoy people but like people are
like say man I talk too much about my
music I think that well it's definitely
right now because I got so you're very
in it right now I mean obviously we had
people over over the weekend for all
about music that's what you did all day
yeah so I mean it's not like it will
always be like like it's a part of my
life right now swish oh yeah
oh yeah it would be the same as saying
like I'm so annoyed by Missy we saw the
matter pregnant belly like we get at
you're pregnant yeah well I think
there's gonna be times when he talks
about it more and then there'll be times
when he doesn't talk about as much and I
mean just same with me though there's
many times when I don't talk about
stopping can you stop talking my
pregnant belly I think that you talk a
good an amount do you think I'm a good
singing
yes I do do you like the songs that I
wrote so far I really like the signs
area there's one particular that's just
really fun and edgy I feel like if
people were annoyed by me talking about
my music they're really annoyed right
now oh yeah no I think that it's I just
I want the block I want the vlog the
daily vlog to be about all of us yeah
like I think we make it a point to make
to like make sure that you Oliver and me
all have the same sort of well yeah err
time yeah we don't want it to seem like
it's all about Ollie or that it's all
about Brian or all about me or anything
we want it to be totally diverse so that
everyone gets a little piece because
people are watching for totally
different reasons they could just be
watching to see Ollie but maybe some
people are really interested in what
Brian's doing maybe some people are
super interested me as a mom super
important to kind of keep it like
everything we can't do that this car
says if I'm moving slow
there's wedding cakes on the go Missy
that car has wedding cake in there we
should overtake it and eat all the cake
Holly put that on your head remember
when you did that that one time he's in
there with me he's in there with the
puppy dog yet oh there ain't enough room
in there the up there we go where is he
where is he he loves putting things on
his head
the weirdest thing Holly what are you oh
there he is
alright we are at Missy's favorite place
right now Texas Roadhouse eating some
dinner look at that potato
look at that potato does not look
amazing oh yeah yours got the
marshmallows okay we have an important
question for you what color is my shirt
I would say like gray or black right I
went into the bathroom it's like bright
free isn't that weird I thought it was
wearing a black shirt all day and ended
up being green you look green under here
no it doesn't it's weird right you sit
on your bottom thank you all he decided
that he was gonna bring the bread home
didn't you boy yes this is where we put
all your old toys so that you forget
about them remember that not cool he's
got his one toy from the toy pile and
bread yeah that's kind of a ball come on
get inside kiddo just coming in to say
goodnight to little mr. Olli
Q huh good night oh love you say I love
you ma'am uh that's all for today's vlog
so we're gonna go ahead and end it here
I hope you guys enjoyed it hope you guys
enjoyed
joy watching our daily ramblings and
events tomorrow is actually pretty cool
because we're getting on an aeroplane I
know which got off an airplane yeah I'm
getting getting pretty sick of airplanes
I'm waiting for them to invent a
transporter that would be awesome but
anyway watch tomorrow figure out where
we're going we'll see you then I want to
show you guys my belly I feel like it's
super popular sweets so brain
a lot better
like getting bigger
here's a baby
