what do you think you're doing monkey
huh yeah every time you go in there then
you flip into your crib be careful good
morning guys we are all up and Adam I
like me okay
Vicky daddy's water and we're actually
at breakfast but we didn't know it was
going to be a 40-minute wait so we had
to run to Starbucks and get the snack we
got pumpkin bread and a little coffee
cake and water lots of water because
we're all like pretty starving it's
pretty late breakfast and hopefully we
get in soon because we might all die
it's a gopher to late breakfast because
our friends on vacation and since on
vacation well yes totally like family
I like to call this the slim best guy
okay I know what they're doing
that water yummy another famous ended up
well let me try your water let's check
it for floaties first looks good hey go
I love this place because they have
paper on the table and so all I can just
scribble to his heart's content
and I'm glad that they do because then
this would kind of be an awkward
conversation ah look at you dude
oh it's the menu wow that's pretty good
you're so talented dude look at this
that's either Oklahoma or Africa
I know it could be off Rochelle is going
ham over there you guys
to be fair she is a graphic designer Oh
like by trade okay say it's not a
competition
well I mean let's make it a competition
whose is better this is Jared and this
is Rachelle's my head brain damage oh
she made a creative decision oh okay
Ollie so Ollie he he wrote his name and
numbers no he didn't actually do that
but oh don't eat the crayon oh wow that
was a lot of crayon can you not eat them
Ollie all right guys we got home for
breakfast and I was feeling so nauseous
that I took a nap and Ollie took a nap
and these guys all three of them
actually had like a huge writing session
they wrote like three songs oh my gosh
it was like the best market ever
it was pretty good exotic collaboration
did not go to that that's why I freaked
out when we had that cool melody and
some really freaking cool things yes
there's one song in particular that I
was like around for the whole thing and
it was really really funny that happened
so like naturally okay yay Wow go here
Oh careful
how many subscribers are you at 4,000 oh
my gosh something like 200 holy cow is
awesome the pressure is on
yeah we have an audience to make this
boy nos disagree that's amazing
I'm very grateful yeah we no problem bro
you guys don't watch yesterday's vlog I
challenge
oh I challenge stared in Rochelle one
year every week post a cover on the
challenge and they're going to do it so
if you guys want to be around for their
one-year cover challenge subscribe link
down below in the description yes yeah
yeah hello brian has some strong
opinions
haha yes I only want you to do who knew
and this is home and Holley throw that
away
come here good come here throw that
sandwich away
you found it throw it in there you're
done with it it was on the floor you
can't eat it no more oh you did it
action car yo keep it and you get a
hundred thousand at the end as well so
we are playing the game of life I really
did it because sometimes your life
you're given just doesn't good enough to
play the game of life and also so how do
you win the game of life Missy you have
to have the most money at the end really
the most money yeah you had to be super
rich jared is pretty conflicted about
this it's a pointer with that what about
I just lived the best life and I wasn't
content and I had children they had
grandchildren exactly friends it's kinda
got the best relationships can that be
the best place the healthiest marry
I feel like then you just win at because
you had a fun time playing the game but
you won't be no yes you have to have the
most money that was a very good way of
saying like so don't get our little blue
and pink people there in the parking lot
of life
so I said she's a college or career yes
well I took like two years of college
is there a create a YouTube channel
option okay um that's not a career Brian
okay I'm gonna choose college go to
college kids
alright you pay me $100,000 what yeah
girl is trippin I only have two hundred
thousand right here oh there you go
tuition cha-ching like okay this is kind
of funny because this is like a giant
baby is attacking our little life people
no no Harry yeah that college degree
won't stand from the giant baby no it
will not
oh no joy baby attack just get two stops
there okay I'll loan you some money
buddy it's okay you're better at this
game you get the money whether you want
to continue on your path or if you want
to go to college and with a hundred
thousand let's see
night school pay the bank ahead of
thousands of Holly hi my career so I'm
gonna stick with it hi ollie what are
you I love you I'm a secret agent so
much a baller I just picked in action
card and it's a comedy competition
everyone has to try to make me laugh if
you make me laugh then the bank pays
anyone who succeeds fifty thousand if
you don't make me laugh and I get two
hundred thousand oh so everyone has to
try makes me laugh I will give you a
hundred thousand if you pick one of my
nose hairs right right here she sec I'm
gonna tickle you what oh I know what you
think what Shah no that was so me no
she's only ticklish right here
haha because first of all I do it under
dan by the way you guys Missy is
ticklish on her knees putties he
shouldn't be allowed what do you think
you're doing monkey huh yeah every time
you go in there then you slip into your
crib be careful you should probably get
down and kill me she's like it's okay I
can be up here
alright guys it is time for bed for this
little one are you tired by tired say
say it's time for night-night so cute as
long as I don't comb the bed too early
sometimes his bedtime he thinks it's too
early when it's like his when he knows
it's like past his bedtime he totally
wants to go to bed and think it's really
cool because a lot of kids can really
tend to sometimes fight bedtime and he
loves it like he knows it's time for bed
huh gonna ask you a question you can
answer okay yeah guys really huh it's
kind of a dog it's a bear though
criticized but all your bullets ricochet
you shoot me down but I get up you just
hold it there you go yeah okay
you know what's really annoying what's
annoying Jarrod when you have another
couple and your vlogs for you like you
can't do it yourself like now you're on
some pedal stool dude okay done Stevie's
back boom he tried that's okay thank you
guys for watching today's vlog we're
gonna go ahead and end it here we had a
really great really productive day I
hope you guys enjoyed it if you did
click thumbs up button and if you have
yet to subscribe to the s go check out
that channel link below in the
description that's all okay bye it's
really bright so and
just cuz I can't really see right there
baby
keep it baby that's your brother your
little baby brother yeah I'll be joining
you in there pretty soon yeah no you do
not have a baby
