get out with the kids there you go
alright don't bite the nose off come on
I'm here good morning guys oli is
getting all ready for school this
morning he's got his I'm a wild one
shirt on he's got a shorts on let me
help you up
Oh Karma's like you need to take a ball
he's like yes I do
you're right okay singing put the ball
in there hey yo foas Anya okay you go
underarm all ready for school oh cool I
look so cute
nope it's not used to walking around
with a backpack on keys a backpack oh
that's pretty good very good no all he's
not going to school he's got at least
another five years like six seven years
my gosh three years two to three years
so this kids start school but he grabbed
his backpack so we were like okay you
can have it today it's Saturday so we're
gonna go have some fun okay we're gonna
get some shopping done maybe go play do
you want to play Ollie you want to play
okay see we got this plush one and then
we got the real one who never will
probably never have his hat again his
hat in the car oh here which one do you
want you want both of them okay
oh he just kissed him no get out of kiss
there you go
all right don't bite the nose off come
on don't buy the nose off it's Saturday
so we definitely just wanted to hang
and do errands all together
holy kind of story whining when he got
in the car I was like oh I should go get
his witty dog because that's what we
wanted to bring we kind of forgot it and
so I brought him is woody and then he
said ah a 1 buzz like I swear he said it
right buzz buzz I'm like no we're just
going on woody today so he's got woody
and he seems content but I think you
wanted buzz huh - she wanted buzz but
who do you have opening is Melvin you
know he's like looking at himself and
being silly
why are you acting like that - yeah
woody show us woody woody you've got a
friend in me pal Oh ticklish
anyways it is a tickle in me anyways I
think that it's a nice little
distraction for him because sometimes
when we're like out and about he gets a
little bored and he loves the woody is
so cute look at them he's got his Woody
doll he got woody and you got his hat on
his hat on which might be a problem I
know he's gonna drop that head and he's
gonna get sad
gotta hold my hand buddy when we're in a
parking lot
I know you're a wild one but you gotta
hold my hand Oh hot very warm today I
would say we're close to a hundred
degrees serious and it's like a weird
change because we just came from
Portland so it's like I'm not used to
this we are at the land of pillows
pillows I love my pillow that I have not
oh it would I think that was it like it
was this there was something in a bag we
got yeah I love the pillow that I have
and I have been wanting another one for
like months yeah we really really strict
on my pillows like we want a comfy
pillow let's move that's Comfort was it
indulgences mine wasn't a size you have
you got the side sleeper this is a
 limit yeah I got the back
stomach when I remember that I know what
the difference is but it sounds cool and
I'm a back sleeper Oh also Missy should
we get you one of these this new goal
the mother of all pregnancy pillows
you're about ready for one yeah I have
one but it's actually really big yeah it
is nice it's got the nice Jersey on it
too
I kind of do a little research and
figure out you guys have suggestions for
play this is the mother of all pregnancy
pillows Missy girl I just
it still looks kind of big I just feel
like I want something a little bit
smaller yeah
you want a pillow can you say pillow
yeah house close Philip the house after
this yeah can you move your feet like
that
climbing out oh my god okay okay he is
wanting to try it okay ready
so what it's like a bike he's like it
kind of sounds like it's gonna fall
apart
it does it feels like I'm gonna get you
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you I'm gonna get you ollie up
so close Oh No
next stop Cold Stone Creamery come on
hold my hand thank you here oh my gosh
and they're playing I know
Disney music yeah that's so funny now
Missy wanted ice cream and what the
pregnant woman wants the pregnant woman
gets
it smells so good in here that's the
same thing that you've been getting
forever huh I feel feeling oh you did
it's yeah chocolate ice cream what is
that the waffle cone and that's band oh
that's cool hey where's your woody oh
just come to the table
you saved woody
mom will give you a bike you're being a
good boy woody
wipe your face off good job all right
we're home we just made dinner and
scarfed it up and now this kid hey are
you gonna go take a bath
you got William bud he's got his wit he
slept with his buzz today he like took
the best nap ever it was awesome quit
buzz
well he's plushy it's hard to sleep with
woody yeah so we actually just got off
the Skype call with Macy's cousin Curtis
and his wife Bree who live in Cambodia
and I guess he just got over like a huge
sickness what is it quality and then goo
fever jungle fever
thank you I'm totally I'm good dungus
I'm dango dango dango dango
anything yeah yeah yeah ding goo and he
had I guess there's like four different
kinds and he had the worst kind so he
was sick for almost a month and then
afterwards it totally messes with your
immune system so he has been like
getting sick for like the past two
months ever since he's been healed it so
it just shoots your immune system down
he said you're like a baby like yeah and
it like makes him depressed and yeah I
just really messes with like everything
in your body it was a pretty harsh
illness to just really it really gets
you damn crazy but he's getting better
yeah but it's bad
yeah you're gonna take a bath and you're
gonna lock it okay
watching the bathtub fill up are you so
excited to make a bath
so I told you guys forgot that someone
got us a way shirt a long time ago into
the huh it actually has like a little
cape that's the sheriff and then I
remembered a friend of ours thought this
when you had a newborn and I put a
little yeah we're gonna be able to play
with this like a full book yeah what my
cute for you yes okay yeah he saw it
he's like okay it's a book that woody
I'm not eight ahead and mrs. Potato Head
and then it's got all the characters
back here oh my gosh and then all the
little figurines
that's so funny I mean free filming I
think they're a little too tiny for him
but that is so amazing that we had this
and now he's obsessed with Toy Story how
can if he can't even right now you can't
even okay let's see what this is real
quick though we got buzz and we got
woody maybe you can play with his toys
on it cuz it looks like Kenny's room so
you can put like oh I see okay wicket
there's just there's um bullseye
bullseye and Jesse Carrie there's Jesse
ride like the wind bullseye she's not
the best horse rider he's not cool hey
why all right Toliver is down for the
night night that was a little rough
I was wrong he did not want like all
those what he does oh really oh the
little ones yeah somebody was like
freaking out about it I know it thank
you exams you broke out a brand new toy
right before Peck I'm like so excited
about it yeah it was kind of an accident
yeah he's gonna run to it though since
he wakes up this morning in the morning
he's gonna like grab it and play with it
all yeah we're gonna go ahead and
today's vlog but before we do we want to
talk to you guys about something pretty
important I told you guys that we Skyped
with Missy's cousin who lives in
Cambodia and works with the water of
life organization and I just have to say
they are still like so beyond thrilled
and appreciative of like what we did
last December raising over $23,000 for
them and all that money went just like
such good use it paid for private
it paid for University which is like
$300 a semester and so a bunch of kids
got to go to university and the rest is
they're going to be educated so they
build up their country and like it's
huge like it's really big that's what's
really important one of the first
Christian judges is coming out of that
organization isn't amazing yet he's
doing University there and he's one of
the first Christian something judges in
Cambodia and something like that will
change could change like the whole
system yeah just make it not as corrupt
and yeah it could really just help their
country a lot and this is just someone
who came out of the water of life
organization which is very very neat
yeah it's amazing we were talking to
Curtis and he did express that the
children of Hope which is a part of
water of life is really struggling
financially and right now water of life
is taking on a lot of new kids because
it's actually it's kind of a good thing
because the government is very corrupt
in Cambodia okay but they've taken such
a liking to water of life because water
of life has just gone through all of the
hoops and really just kind of like
worked their their relationship in with
the government so the government really
likes them and actually appreciates what
they're doing and so they're bringing
them kids now who you know we're
abandoned by their parents or they got
sick in their parents they want to deal
with them so they left them on a side of
a road like stuff like that so water of
life is taking on a lot of new kids
becoming like a big financial burden for
them so we wanted to just let you guys
know that if you guys wanted to help out
financially at all that I will have a
link down below in the description and
it's actually one of their it's their
brand new website that's up and ready to
accept donations and if you guys want
your donation to go to a certain place
within water of life I'll have all the
codes also in in the description so that
when you place your donation on PayPal
you can put in like a code in the
special message and it will put your
money in that spot so it can go straight
to the children or it can go to straight
to the women we're like you feel you
know led to choked or led to donate -
yeah that's what you guys it's it all is
collected by water of life and water if
life uses it
that sees me so you just want to help
him out you can put it right into this
into just the basic water of life and
they'll make sure that the money goes
where and if you do are like I really
want this money to specifically go
somewhere than you can yeah nothing to
you about the children of hope is there
kind of always struggling financially
because they're one of the organizations
in water of life that doesn't really get
a lot of promotion I guess and that's
just because it's very private because
these kids like when we went there I
would I couldn't even blog that I was
able to take them I was able to take a
photo with the kids but they can't
really be as open as all the other
organizations these are very good kept
hidden so it's it's hard because we want
to be able to express and show you the
need but we can't yeah that's so like
risky it can danger the children in a
ways so if you guys want to give if you
fill that to give I'll have all the
information for that linked below in the
description thank you guys too for
helping us out and just being able to do
something like that I think it's really
amazing we're actually working on
preparing for our December campaign for
water wipe I think we're gonna be doing
a couple of cool different things this
year so that should be fun too anyway
that's all for today's video I hope you
guys enjoyed it if you did click the
thumbs up button and we will see you
guys tomorrow
manana see the manana yep bye here it
goes here it goes where's it going where
is it going
where's ago is that a hickey that you
see we don't do it what do you do okay
to the belly oh yeah
and it's better look I didn't realize
why you decided to take a chance take a
chance on me who knew
yeah
in all the places
