good morning guys we are getting ready
for my ninety scan or more like the baby
boy's Anatomy scan
which I'm really looking forward to
going and actually seeing this baby for
a long period of time because we've only
seen him like really short quick moment
and even when we did like the
gender-reveal it was literally just to
see what the gender was and then they
pretty much turned it off so we've seen
him a couple times but I'm really
looking forward to this one because it
should be like a good hour long just
like staring at him and all his details
like his brain and his like kidneys and
all that so it's gonna be fun all I
decided he wanted to dress up like woody
today are you dressed up like woody oh
and he's got a stick so he's kind of a
little bit of a Harry Potter and a woody
going on yeah and he is hanging out with
auntie today she's gonna watch him while
we're at the anatomy scan so he's gonna
have a ton of fun and I'm just excited
to get going right into the back seat
say hi that means who's driving who's
driving anyway and I actually just got a
call from Ali's doctor they've been
waiting for his scan back from EEG just
trying to just figure out whether or not
he's having seizures or if it was a
seizure and they basically feel very
confident that he is not having seizures
probably wasn't a seizure but we will
just keep an eye on him and if we see
anything else if any if anything else
alarms us then we will probably let her
know and go down there and stuff but I
feel really good about it I feel like
okay we did what we were supposed to do
and everything's good we're heading I'm
scanning I'm gonna be honest I do have a
little bit of anxiety just because
anytime we have an older sound it's just
nerve-racking for me even when I just
see and they'll just how Machine I'm
just like you're not gonna make me who's
that right but I feel really confident
that everything is good I feel this baby
kicking and moving all the time which is
very reassuring and just really nice
because I'm it didn't actually start
happening until about a week ago and so
I'm really just I'm looking forward to
whoa we're in a tunnel
I'm looking forward to just seeing in
him and making sure that everything is
good and okay but there's always just a
little bit of anxiety when you do stuff
like this because it's like a long time
of looking at him in a long time of
usually the technician not saying a word
to us and just being just looking at
things really intently I'm like staring
at their face usually like are you
seeing something that you're not telling
me about alright so we just got out of
the ultrasound the anatomy scan and it
went really good
and now we're on our way home but we had
to get gas from pumping gas and we're
looking at pictures of a cute little
baby boy
can you see a thumb and all his fingers
they actually got a close-up of the Sun
I was really worried that there wasn't a
thumb like can you please show me the
thumb there's the Sun there's the whole
hand
that's like the nose it's like his
nostrils and his lip and chin and stuff
there's the feet it's always kyo and
like his knee and leg and foot there's
the other knee and leg and foot going
down should we show them the other photo
the first photo that she saw she's like
first of all do you want to know the
gender and I was like we're pretty sure
we know and then she's like oh yeah it
was like it's so crazy I know she's like
wow he should be very proud oh yeah I
should be proud
faces some profiles who he mostly always
had his hand on his face so that's like
his profile but there yeah and and and
she's starting to look like a little
cutie yeah I got no than what
poor Brian so tired Ollie pop what have
you been doing all day
claiming like a little monkey have you
been good
oh you've been hanging out with auntie
Polly I missed you can have a kiss mmm
what what are you watching we got mr.
and mrs. Potato Head that's pretty cool
huh we just got back from the
appointment and now basically we're
leaving again Cassie's getting an
all-day babysitting job which is cool
for her cuz she likes the money so we're
all dressed for the concert tonight if
you guys don't know we're gonna go see
Tori Kelly okay but I just do it cute
yeah I just put on a new shirt cuz I
fell asleep in the car on the way here
and I got all sweaty and gross and nasty
so alright Olly hey I need you to be
good okay will you say yes knotweed
sorry baby brother
do we see baby yeah you want to give the
baby a kiss real quick all right we'll
see ya we'll see you manana kay boy just
another day in paradise cute shirt kid
on the road again
can't wait to get on the road again and
I can't wait we are on our way we piss
in the car like the majority of the day
we've been talking a lot and all of a
sudden I'm feeling us a little bit
nauseous so hopefully I'm at the next
clip isn't me going get by just threw up
a side of the road I'm so excited to see
Tori Kelly and you guys know Emily who's
done a lot of photographers her husband
is playing with her on stage because he
plays guitar for her so yeah which is
really cool he's actually toured with
her a little bit and so that's pretty
exciting that we have friends up there
now we're hoping to get there in time to
eat this we're starving anything today
yeah I'm just really excited to see Tori
Kelly this is my third time seeing Tori
Kelly third time seeing Tori perform
fourth time seeing her was I took a
picture with her in line cuz she wasn't
paying attention or was she no she was
in the picture like were you just like
no not us we have made it to the House
of Blues and look at those story that's
so cool that must feel amazing we're
gonna go get some food now
that's how many time
yeah that's a great subject and I'm
gonna do something you guys haven't
really got a name for it yet so and I'm
sure all of these songs are new these
identities I'm sure $99 but this is
Gavin jeans opening for Tori Kelly
are you guys ready to hear a bunch of
new sound
yeah parking spots in San Diego are
pretty tight so I had to have Missy pull
it out I could fit coming out I couldn't
fit going back in turn it that way
maybe she's good I got to take over and
we're back home finally we had a really
great night tonight
Tori did awesome
it's nice to get out of the house with
the bay but I'm gonna go at an end
today's vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it
if you guys have not seen my Cambodia
video please go check it out it's linked
below in the description and on the
screen so you can click and go check it
out I put a lot of effort into it and
give it a lot of amazing feedback on it
and I really appreciate all the support
on that video so thank you guys we'll
see
downing all the power
Oh
we would have found me
every day you tell me what it buddy
