you're gonna have a brother soon where
you gonna do what are you gonna
good morning guys I have already been
out of the house
I took Ollie to swim and let me tell you
guys it was a no-go he did not want to
do swim we got there and I'd been like
kind of preparing him all day like we're
all morning just like okay we're gonna
go swim with Miss Kylie we're gonna have
so much fun he was so excited and as
soon as we got there I started getting
the sense that he wasn't gonna want to
do this so I kind of sat in the water
with him for like a few minutes and let
him play and he loved it but as soon as
Miss Kylie started walking towards him
to get him he was like no no no no a
little like read out of the pool he's
screaming screaming screams and so I
didn't want to like force him or scar
him into continuing his class that day
so we ended up just leaving and I was
super bummed he's such a stink but it's
okay I think that sometimes when we take
like a week off it tends to just kind of
mess up his schedule and he forgets that
he needs to swim yeah he totally got out
of class today but we'll have to play in
the pool this week and let him practice
but now he's actually down for his nap
and I'm actually really tired so I think
I'm gonna take a nap because I think
that sometimes I need a nut because I'm
pregnant and Brian's worked in here see
look at him so I honestly cannot believe
this is happening right now I am so
excited all last night all this morning
I have been working like crazy on
something for you guys and I finally
finished it yes rejoice in the
celebration I am sitting at my computer
right now and I'm looking at the edited
version of my cambodia reflective video
and basically what this is it's a short
video that sort of just talks about my
trip and everything that I did what's
really cool about this video is there's
a ton of footage that you guys didn't
see in the vlogs because I actually
filmed about seven hours of footage so I
took seven hours of footage and
compressed it into eight minutes of like
reflective video I have a really cool
narration just talking about what we did
everyday you know what I thought about
things I tell a lot of stories that I
actually didn't tell on the daily blog
just because some of them I was quite
shocked at the time I was kind of like
uncertain about whether or not to talk
about it and so I talked about those
things in this video because I saw a lot
of crazy things in Cambodia you guys I
feel like those stories need to be told
and so I did that by way of this video
so I'm really excited that it's finally
done if you guys want to check it out I
have a link below in the description
it's up right now on my channel so go
watch it link down below in the
description please click thumbs up on
that video it took me months to work on
it and honestly I could only really work
on it in my free time so I knew after we
got back from Portland I was going to
have a couple days of free time and so I
just like booked it and it works like
crazy and I'm just so glad that it's
finally finished
and I really hope you guys enjoy it and
just get a little bit more insight about
why I went to Cambodia what I found
there and what the future is going to
look like you guys I just had a great
little mommy nap and I woke up to all
yelling mama into the monitor so I said
I'm coming to get you so here we go mama
will you sleep in how did you sleep say
good oh yeah
Woody's got his shoes huh can you say
yeehaw Hey yee-ha yee-ha
good job alright you ready to get out
and eat some lunch so I'm just sitting
here eating lunch going through my
photos and I found this cute photo that
we took yesterday with Ali's new woody
and then I found these I don't know who
took these I didn't take these but
apparently someone had fun with my phone
taking selfies of himself but pretty
good for my my dad oh oh look at that
Ali who do you think was taking photos
on my phone yeah it was woody huh
clearly it was woody Ali did you know
that at night
woody comes alive no that'd be scary
look he's like totally checking these
out oh look at these selfies that woody
you're witty doll took on my phone what
do you think my Revolution okay
woody what do you have to say for
yourself oh well I guess since we're
friends it's okay you could borrow my
phone if you want all right we are at
Target all he's got is woody of course
and we just read into Sarah say hey so
I've met her before and it's funny
because we always tell people if you
guys want to run into us come to target
because that's where we are all the time
you're bound around it you're totally
bound to run into us a target that's so
funny second time she's actually met say
bye Sarah
say it was nice to meet you it's a big
ol watermelon compare it with the belly
are you quite there yet clay I mean I
would say almost babe the baby's like
the size of a sweet potato Ellie never
weighs this much yeah that's that's
quite a bet
look at we were barely in the Sun and
he's already got red on his cheeks it is
hot today oh you want an apple
let's go look for apples okay all right
we just finished our grocery shopping
all he's got is hulk juice so he can go
grow up big and strong and green right
buddy that's what happens if you drink
that yeah all right I'll put woody right
there to keep you company
and we're off we put away groceries and
I was feeling I just needed a midday
treat so I actually picked these up at
Target there's a skinny cow like fudge
bars it's low-fat ice cream with like
the chocolate ribbons and it's so good
nicely I bet you would like it you want
try low-fat yeah you can tell oh do you
want a bite okay he's like you're
passing out bites okay whatever you have
anything goes bite bite
he knows the word bite now I just gave
you a bite bro calm down you got
chocolate face are you chocolate waste
just be honest are you chocolate wasted
yeah he is definitely chocolate wasted I
think we're gonna have to take him in
for a thank you under the influence
I have ditched the baby and the husband
and I am actually going to get a massage
I'm actually really excited because
normally I kind of go to places that
tend to be like a little bit cheaper and
I don't know if they're like quite as
professional and now that I'm pregnant I
definitely don't want to get like a
massage that may not be like a prenatal
massage so this is like my very first
prenatal massage that is like official
now that I have with a bump and like I'm
actually pregnant so I'm excited I hope
I get to relax Ali and karma are playing
like brothers aren't you get the ball
this is like Big Brother training right
here
oh nice catch buddy yeah are you
practicing being a big brother yeah are
you practicing being a big brother cuz
you're gonna have a brother soon you're
gonna have a brother soon what are you
gonna do what are you gonna do huh what
are you gonna cue mm all right
resume playing with Karma Missy is back
from her massage I don't know why I
always say it in a British accent I'm
making dinner
I just cooking some chicken and some
like roasted sweet potatoes and some
pasta
sounds good I'm hungry been watching
this guy hey be all cute and silly today
hi hi hi go get the ball yeah so we told
ollie that he needs to put his sweet
potatoes in his belly and he took us
quite literally and I think he's a you
stache and sweet potatoes down there bro
what's that right there
before exact that's what that that told
you to do not on your belly in your
belly eat it no Ollie no Oliver you feel
so much more fall now yeah
do you have to poop ollie you want to go
potty in a big boy don't let me sit on
the potty with you mommy only really I
started to get to that point where he
will tell us right after he goes poo poo
poo poo and he actually has people in
there and we he's been saying it before
also so we think it actually might be
time to start putting him on his potty
when he's saying it um and maybe he'll
get the idea that he actually used to go
poopoo in the potty
not in a day say hi ollie do you see the
baby
babe line says I owe for the beach women
sent me much choice do you like the baby
you're gonna have one of those in a few
months there's a baby there and there's
a baby right there right here baby
Zoey's in here that cool oh my goodness
it's Donna Donna shoot your lady killer
you're bent Jackson's awake who died
this is this is Jackson's biggest fan
always oh hey hi hi say hi Jackson
I think that was my projection buddy oh
my gosh all these kids need to go to bed
I cannot believe you oh c'mon that's so
cute Oh always right here I might as
well oh hey buddy
good night night see my mind man say
night night night he's a night night all
right guys all he is in bed and we are
gonna call it a day because my battery
is flashing on my camera it's been
flashing all day I need to find the
battery charge I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog if you did click the thumbs
up button tomorrow we're gonna have a
really fun day we get to know the
anatomy scan yeah and so we get to see
our little boy and then tomorrow night
we're missing our going on a date when
you go see Tori Kelly which I'm so
excited that may can go a little yeah
thank you guys so much for watching
please go check out the Cambodia video
click thumbs up on it and leave a happy
friendly comment and this video shows
all the people who left happy friendly
comments and on the screen right now
thanks for watchin we're seeing it
tomorrow
it's gonna go to the belly
all the places we go now who knows
roubles we'd overcome who knew
you tear down and all the
gather round who knew the life we
would've found
and it's everyday you tell me what it
believed
