whose kid is that guess where we are
there's Lucy's hair stuck in the camera
I'll just give that back to you
what Disney yay look at all the rides
and all the cast members is so much fun
yeah
a Disney Disney ollie we're at Disney
nothing with me buddy
Mickey Mouse hey he watching yeah that
down yeah you're gonna write fries with
Dada da hai we're at Disney this is the
side that no one sees though where they
take your money I gotta take my money
Missy always puts on Disney iTunes radio
when we get if you're looking for a good
news new Radio Disney Princess radio has
the best song you princess Heredia all
he is loving this they're going to say
we're so excited we haven't been to
Disneyland in a couple months and I know
it thought you've been you were before
me yeah I think last time I was is
February and January close and I know
some people don't get to go ever or very
often so we're very lucky but we're
excited to get back cuz we it's in a
while we are all Mickey doubt we got
Ali's Mickey jacket and he's wearing his
Mickey shirt and he's got his Mickey
he's got his Mickey Cup huh the Donald
we have murdered we are made it and
we're heading to Disneyland lots of
frozen stuff and I'm excited because
Missy got to see the frozen thing last
time and I didn't get to all he's gonna
love it even more and we're only gonna
see that lied to examined done that with
Ollie and he's really into something
yeah yeah those flowers of Mickey they
mean we've made it let's go have some
fun
Missy just made a good point everything
is sort of decorated like arendelle like
look at this for the lamps ya know
especially with a little the little
crystal in there it's cool every time we
come here there's something different
like the way they decorate it or the
things they have just makes it really
fun Halloween and Christmas yeah
Halloween and Christmas are really cool
we've stumbled upon a room with lots of
frozen art oh my see these are like the
clay models of Elsa and Anna do you know
how they do it they make a clay model
and then they scan it in a computer and
they're able to like mold a little
easier I need the actual lemon these are
probably them yeah okay there's Olaf and
Sven Kristoff do you see that buddy they
use those to make the movie no enough
they have all this really really cool
art up here too
the conceptual stuff
and here's concept art from actual
frozen so there's like an honor and an
Elsa look at Olaf Olaf looks like he did
when they first thought of him up you
know yeah I love stuff like this like
the behind-the-scenes stuff of the
movies that normally you don't get to
see it's really cool cos Disney likes to
show all that all the time the fangirls
have surrounded Minnie Mouse
she's quite popular and there's mr.
Donald Duck all you see Donald
we are definitely right they are
definitely changing a lot of things into
frozen look at what Aurora's Castle they
turned it into arendelle it's all blue
and they got the banners up looks cool
we're at the jolly holiday for lunch
which is the one with the yellow like
yellow and white it's not all fellas do
the Partridge no they do it at the base
place I've been getting actually really
enjoying this place every time go to
Disneyland because they have this
grilled cheese with this tomato soup and
it is called jolly colonnade combo it's
really good like I really enjoyed it I
feel like I crave it now every time
go Mike you have to go there for lunch
she's really go yeah it's it's very mild
and Brian just got a turkey sandwich and
oli just eaten what I got tons of snacks
and here you go oh wow yeah never can be
too safe but there's tons of food from
here basically right way to get into
Disneyland you have to feel what yes
it's gonna be a long there it's true
like if any time takes a while to
actually get going go okay now we're
here we're going to eat now we gotta do
this but we're getting started first
ride has to be Pirates of the Caribbean
three alley don't be scared okay can you
say say pirate we got the front of the
boat stuff pretty sure we're gonna get a
little bit
we are headed in to the petting zoo
which was never actually experience
never been in here those look at the
goats to sit on the barrel the boxer
barrels oh okay vote got sick good baby
hey guys how's it goin thank you
it was like it's night-night time for
them huh
like I couldn't put them yeah they're
taking a break over here I was just
saying this is like the cleanest how do
you like that yeah you guys should see
the ground it's okay
look at this dope collar it's wearing
let's get it out
oh just like it is touch and feel book
miss it's like fuzzy just like yeah hey
hi yeah any cool
that guy is big I know all right we have
made our way over to California
Adventure and we are going to frozen fun
Holly where we at peace a frozen yeah
this is weird it's like we're walking
the halls of arendelle right now oh this
is so cool we're going into like a
little frozen sing-along that Ali's
going to be loud
whose kid is that
what are you do one thing could he be
any cuter
did he just watch again
Wow Olli you got yourself a little
defender
oh yes you're not supposed to be on
stage yet come on let's go and play
it's like gone away
and now we're not I wish you may tell me
why
back anymore let it go let it go I came
to weigh in slammed the door stop care
what they're going to say let the storm
rage
 me
don't you see yes the anniversary only
met and I want to give her a present
something special most flowers or Chuck
please
snowing buddy
all right we just left the frozen fun
thing which was really cool magical in
there and now we are walking along the
pier and we're gonna go see if we can
find woody
so that Oliver can meet woody because
he's really been into Toy Story and he
really likes woody not be so cool
we got the army man in the his house we
smile say cheese Thank You woody what
are you guys bye bye mr. Buzz Lightyear
in the flesh look at that maybe heard of
Mewtwo before he knows YouTube see look
he's doing that thumbs up right and
thumbs up that's what you're supposed to
be doing yeah go we'll get wicked wicked
wicked we'll go again
oh he just pushed his button BP just
don't push his laser button oli
Thank You mr. Lightyear Holly you Matt
buzz buzz knew about YouTube you guys
he must watch he must get on the
youtubes when Andy's away right
I bet he loves watching toy reviews ah
screams god it's high start oh um
you love that don't you buddy yes yes I
do good look at that tired
sleeping baby right now he's so out they
just bought us bread too so that means
it's a good restaurant right hello all
of our sleeping we're gonna go ahead and
get some food and relax before our long
drive home but I'm gonna glide an end
today's vlog if you guys enjoyed it give
it a thumbs up and if you're not
subscribed subscribe to my channel
that's breeze and see them on the
pitfalls a polygon is our hidden
put your eyes bloody yeah it is funny I
take good cheer I detect a catchy mark
on me
oh here right after dinner come on
