social media explained pretty accurate
I love the Google+ I'm a Google employee
who eats Nona's good morning guys
we ate breakfast and we're just walking
around and I saw a Blue Star donuts and
everyone has been telling me to go to
Blue Star donuts because I love donuts
so I'm stuffed but I had to get some
donuts here I'll show you what I got I
got a Mexican hot chocolate a cinnamon
one oh he gave us an other cinnamon one
because he was talking about he must
have been comparing spiteful yeah sugar
and spice and then cinnamon and then
that one's a hazelnut and culture de
leche they look good
I've been trying to get Missy to like
doughnuts but she just doesn't like
doughnuts it's the weirdest thing
why don't you like doughnuts I don't
know I think it's like the texture there
to like like sugary and it's like cake
in the morning who doesn't like cake
cake is it's basically cake in the
morning but yeah we're in the
Mississippi District which is cool we
got lots of shows shout out to Neon
Trees they're from Temecula and Ollie
has been eating his parent cake on the
go kind of on the go mainly like
breaking it up
but this is a really cool part of
Portland and so we just been walking
around killing time and just enjoying
the fresh weather this is our last day
in Portland miss yep just last couple
hours oh yeah I have to say I've really
been enjoying this trip the city has
really surprised me I think in a lot of
ways it's cool that you guys live here
I know so if we decide not to move here
we can still come and visit you guys all
the time yes oh he's eating some pancake
he's doing it never saw it takes like
the smallest bite he takes for
everything
it's time to say goodbye to the Scott
family they've been so great showing us
around Portland we've had so much fun so
if you guys aren't subscribed to their
Channel
go check them out because they're
amazing we do a big group hug hug
question
thank you parish sub patty so we have
everything all packed up and the house
is basically cleared out Kelsey and corn
are gone and luckily we got the chance
to put Ollie down for a little nap right
before we leave so he's gonna sleep for
like an hour I've just been super super
nice because we're about to get on a
plane and I think it's definitely better
for him to be well-rested in a good mood
before we leave but it is past the point
of check out and always still asleep so
I definitely have to go wake him up we
always thought it's because then he's
either kind of clingy or he's kind of
grouchy and tired and so it's kind of a
bummer but he wakes up we two like
you'll wake him up and he'll stand
straight he's learning Bob all Oh stick
dad mom barakatuh what's uh um it's in
definitely a bummer but we weren't gonna
we're pretty bad check out now so and
we've been keeping him in the basement
nice and cool and quiet down there so he
looks like
all the time to go home I was either
open morning we're going home today buds
Oh get it out get it out of there hold
its evergreen we're in the PDX airport
with the famous carpet because I know I
heard the carpet that they took out in a
place where this is actually now I'm a
Scotch which is interesting which is on
our way to our gate listen this on edge
here and well both of our flights are
delayed today
it's kind of a bummer but
are on plane numero uno
and we're getting ready to say goodbye
huh
say bye Portland okay maybe not do that
Ollie are you ready to go home yeah
someone's hyper someone's hyper and
happy to be home
can you sit on your bottle Molly can you
sit on your bottom right I see two
making a boy yourself kid 45 over 4005
where did all this energy come from
he's like I'm on my bottom there you got
we are finally back home our last flight
was delayed an hour and our first flight
is also delayed an hour so if you're
quite late do you see me me we're kind
of tired kinda cranky
kind of hungry that's what happens
trying to get a hold of me me
oli is bad with his knee me and he is
super happy and actually quite hyper he
is been running around Olive Garden
actually let's do it now he's like
rolling on the floor we're flying up
that's you go oh my gosh oh my gosh oh
my god go got away oh my gosh for hours
and hours you can't blame the kid kind
of marry you little cutie Pie's
amazement that when they are gonna put
that one
oh my next all the other one oh hello
too excited we are reunited with Mimi
where all of garden animals and they've
been playing out you went to seek and
find yeah what stickers sounded daddy
where's the daddy where's the daddy
it looks like who's that one look like
Daddy
weird-looking one looks like that Wow
thanks ollie
hmm
always passed out he fell asleep in the
car and he literally was willing to
sleep on the floor I was like changing
site we're getting an expose on he was
like he literally rolled over is like
I'll just sleep here like you laid his
head down like god comfy I'm like I'll
play a McRib so he will probably sleep
really good actually we're always really
good I can't wait to crawl into my bed
why does it help smells so good
do you smell my house I don't really
good housewife like like we get used to
it and then we don't smell it and then
when we leave we come back really only
as long as I got ya hey that's not good
cuz I hate my house clean um but anyways
we're gonna go ahead and end the vlog
cuz it's really late but Brian's still
gonna hate this and put up for you guys
to watch our mental travel day no yep no
yep yeah after yeah you can do it
tonight is it gonna be late I'm gonna do
this thing he's gonna do it tonight so
it's even on time you guys such a nice
guy he is such a good hard worker
like he just traveled all day with a
very pregnant wife that complains and a
very crazy toddler so that's pretty cool
right by the way I'm still eating till
my cheese I love it it really does just
kind of help with my hunger or whatever
so anyways okay good luck give a thumbs
up if you did thumbs up for being home
I'm never being home back to our
schedule in our Sundays so we will see
you guys tomorrow for another fun class
day Jana Jana
my new hair don't do that who knew who
knew
I remember love the like fire ham helps
hide I was barely getting by but your
eyes light you decided to take a chance
take a chance on me who knew who knew
who knew we go
in all the places we go now who you
cause we'd overcome
who use the very easily
down in all
see gather round who knew
