like you weren't very good at hiding mom
and she'd right over here under the
table
and out of this town in all the places
I was weed overcome who knew
always say happy Mama's day hey yeah
to all the mothers celebrating in the US
of A happy Mother's Day
or late Mother's Day rather this is what
we're doing on Mother's Day so what
happened
not today yesterday it's my today it's
your yesterday this is my tomorrow also
I don't know anyway I went to the store
this morning and I made sure to get lots
of fresh flowers Ollie is eaten
breakfast and watching frozen set those
there took all the optimises hands this
morning and she is getting a nice good
sleep in so she can just relax and so
I'm going to be making her breakfast I'm
gonna be making really really good from
scratch pancakes that I made and I even
bought some blackberries because she
loves blackberries and I found this bad
guy at Target - this is like an electric
griddle I was thinking about either that
or one that goes on the stove but this
one is actually much much bigger and I
got it because it sucks when I'm doing
pancakes without a griddle cuz I can
only do it two at a time and then like
I'm eating cold pancakes and Missy's
eating it's not fun it has this nifty
warming tray how cool is that
so yeah Ollie and I are just putting
together a nice little breakfast in bed
for Mama
aren't we yeah we're gonna get a little
a little nice little surprise for Mama
that'd be cool I know you love mama
karma picked out this Mother's Day card
for Missy this morning because Missy is
his mama - huh and so I'm going to take
a picture of him and put it in there for
him you want to take a picture smile say
ball gotcha ha ha I gotcha I gotcha this
is probably the best and easiest from
scratch pancake pancake recipe that I
have found and I'll link it down below
so that you guys can check it out it's
like a I hop recipe a copycat I hop
recipe but then I actually add in like a
tablespoon of vanilla so doesn't call
for vanilla which i think is really
weird says Allah says Allah says o late
bye
and oh look how good those came out
I'll put Karma's with his card and mine
and Ollie's with our card alright I
scooped out some pancakes on the griddle
which are looking quite beautiful if I
do say so myself
the
you
you wanna see mama come on let's go
ready go see mommy to cover let's go put
a header mama say happy Mother's Day
mama
oli might have something really special
for you
you got blackberries and there's extra
blackberries there for you to look good
oli is a big fan of my pancakes aren't
you boy say YUM
what do you think babe good but you
should better pad really oh that makes
me an MP karma helped Jane Chu karma
good morning guys I have no makeup on I
am barely dressed today but I'm having
the best Mother's Day because I have
been doing things that I've been wanting
to do forever which is organize my
upstairs and always been being so good
hanging out with mommy and daddy's been
down okay I'm just talking about how
good you've been come here Brian's been
cleaning up downstairs and cleaning up
the car cleaning up the garage things
I've been meaning to do and I'm like
it's Mother's Day what am i cleaning but
it's what I want to do so I guess that's
a good Mother's Day right I'm going
through all of Oliver's old clothes that
don't fit him anymore in deciding what I
want to give to the goodwill and what I
want to keep for baby number two so it's
kind of fun it's like oh my gosh Ollie
was wearing this and now I think I'm
gonna keep this so this baby can wear it
and its really kind of exciting and fun
and it kind of get me in the hole I'm
gonna have a baby mode I've just been
going through all of all his closet and
getting rid of all his clothes I haven't
ever thrown away any of his old clothes
I've only basically just been putting
them in baggies and just kind of been
like well one day I'll probably go
through these and decide whether I want
to keep them or not I think he's almost
24 months but I've been getting out a
lot of his clothes that are just now
starting to fix I have a lot of clothes
kind of built up until he's about three
I've got a lot of clothes for him what
are you doing I found him a onesie and I
have not put him in a onesie and forever
I think it's so cute it looks so cute a
onesie you look like a baby I'm gonna be
one
you just do like t-shirts and pants and
stuff and so it's kind of cute to see
him in a onesie also I found his little
cowboy outfit and if you guys don't
remember this this is from when he would
play in look who's vlogging a cowboy he
was cowboy ollie remember that and it
barely fit him and now it fits him
perfectly and he's really into Toy Story
he likes woody so I'm like hey you're
woody Holly are you supposed to be up
there as long as it's okay with dad dad
yes I'm right here buddy
get off that boy thank you
what are you doing babe it probably
totally doesn't fit anymore but I didn't
can't ballet is Mickey Mouse you say
Mickey so like a lot of his jammy
clothes I make him wear them for so long
because I just don't want if he did
I'm very tired and sweaty I've been
doing a ton of cleaning down here I got
this room all clean I vacuumed I swept I
MOT cleaned the living room cleaned the
kitchen I'm pooped - you guys I worked
right through lunch - I need to eat
something I cleaned off the back patio
and then I also tackled this very large
project which was cleaning the garage so
I swept and I organized a lot of our
things over here kind of still does look
like a mess and that's kind of cuz it is
I need a bunch of storage bins looking
nice out here I don't know what came
over me that I just had to do all this
but it was just like things I've been
needing to do forever so I got it done
now I need lunch and a shower
Mama's hiding one two three four five
she's not really gone seven
hey okay let's go find mommy come on
Olli come down the slide come down the
slide let's go find mommy oh that is one
way to do it all he just woke up and
he's kind of grumpy so Missy's trying to
teach him what a hide-and-seek is do you
see mommy anywhere like you were my get
a hiding mom and she's right over here
under the table oh you so grumpy all
right Mama's hiding again don't look 1 2
3 4 ready or not here we come
where's mommy let's find mommy I know
she probably came in this room huh do
you see her anywhere do you know where
she is Holly look around is she in my
office is she out there she's not out
there I got you did it it's just like
what are you doing here the fam is here
Cassie Jimmy T me papa and we are going
swimming Karma's been in the pool for a
few hours now swimming he's like what
years coming in let's go how does it
feel good okay I've been warming it
because it was a little chilly earlier
but it's a really really nice day it's
like perfect weather so we are gonna
swim there we go
that's warm do your little Cannonball
thing you just did you're making me me
and Papa nervous gently
what are you doing it's what's for
dinner
funny thing is this kind of seems like a
dinner set for like Father's Day that's
what the ladies want they want meat did
you have fun in the pool karma we all
played in the pool you ready you'll
catch you catch oh good catch Oh fumble
there's a fumble on the field what are
you trying to say
just try and start over maybe we can
understand it ah you want an apple you
guys this thing now we're you kind of
like its stumbled on his words and he
gets confused it's actually super cute
but he's been super into Apple so I
think he's asking that he wants an apple
but I also think that he's just trying
to stall bedtime aren't you he trying to
stall he's like you're onto my plan all
right guys it is actually time for
bedtime and I had such a wonderful
Mother's Day it was the best we just
hung out with family and played games
and ate dinner and that is seriously
like the epitome of my happiness like I
just love being with my family and
that's why I told Brad like I just want
to like not do the dishes and breakfast
in bed and a fun day with the family and
that's what I got and it was perfect and
that's exactly what I wanted I'm so
happy and thank you to this munchkin for
making it so special you're my little
baby boy get over here my love you my
mom is telling me that in last year's
video on Mother's Day I talked about how
I thought that I would probably be
pregnant this year and I was actually
nursing Oliver at the time I'm just like
that's so crazy like I totally tried it
I'm almost halfway there too I'm
pregnant on Mother's Day with a big old
baby boy I'm gonna go tonight okay
I want a good night night alright guys I
hope you guys had a wonderful Mother's
Day I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
give the video a thumbs up if you did
and we'll see you guys tomorrow
cutie pie bye
uh-huh I remember of the like fire ham
helped hide I was barely getting by put
your eyes light you decided to take a
chance take a chance on me who knew
