it was a ball and now it's a bug we're
old and out of this town in all the
places we go now
we'd overcome who knew
Oh
good morning guys we are back at Home
Depot and I can tell you what we're
doing because I think my mom is going to
get the gifts later on in this vlog so
she doesn't know what this very moment
but we are picking up her gift and then
I'm actually going to be sneaking her
out of the house like to go like do
something girly and my dad and I think
Brian are gonna put the gift together so
I'm really really excited a little
surprise and she might have a little
clue what's coming showing up at Home
Depot with my cousin to go pick it up
week I don't have a truck it's so big we
need to put it in the back of attractive
notion then we should get a truck we
probably should we use my cousin a lot
to get a truck right everyone Austin
that's how it works in California can no
one has trucks oh did you want to say
good morning when I say good morning
yeah absolutely
hey hi hi hey what's up I should say me
me yeah I love you grandpa a bump up I
am at the nail salon I just got my nails
done and my toes done and my mom's
actually inside finishing up I'm still
trying to kill a little bit more time
because all he's sleeping and I want
Brian and I'll be able to come over so I
was like let's go to lunch she's like
well let's go get everyone to go to
lunch but if we go get everyone then
she'll see her surprise so I'm trying to
like make up excuse it I'm not sure
what's exactly gonna happen yet hi karma
boy hi karma boy L dropped off the
present and I believe they're setting up
now but right now I have Ollie taking a
nap but I'm just waiting for him to wake
up and it looks like this is dead Hey
look you can see my face in the
reflection oh he's awake he got like an
hour and 20 minute nap so that's
actually pretty good
Missy has been just waiting for him to
wake up that we can go back over to Mimi
a Papa's house and we can give me her
Mother's Day present which by the way
it's Mother's Day for you guys so I just
wanted to say a very special Happy
Mother's Day to all types of mothers out
there Macey has done a lot of really
cool ideas on her channel sort of like
honoring Mother's Day so we'll have
those links below so you guys can sort
of watch those and reflect but karma is
so excited to wake up little Ali
boy good morning sooie sooie su can you
say good morning yeah I'm your dad dad
and we're gonna go see your mom okay you
sleep good though can I have a kiss mmm
love you we are done hitting her nailed
son my mom got super pretty little like
greenish bluish and she did the same
with her nails we're pretty much
addicted to the gel nails we really like
them quite a ways were actually headed
to lunch now because we're starving and
everyone else is seems to be busy and
grow their moms anyways so phase well
just treat ourselves right we've
literally been using three different
kinds of diapers you guys we had to buy
these ones when we were in Hawaii
because we had ran out and so we grabbed
a pack we ran out of PB annexed for a
while and then we were using those and
then we used all the honest diapers
you're just a little diaper connoisseur
aren't you enjoy table connoisseur all
he's pretty much starving so I gave him
a quick snack it's these Uncrustables
things we've never like really heard of
them or use them and then when we were
in Hawaii
C's cousin gave her two kids them and
all I was like I want one and then he
ate like a whole one and so we're like
do you like these do you like them you
do and they're basically a peanut butter
and jelly sandwich in this nice little
thing that he can pick up and eat by
himself it's a ball yet eat yeah we're
gonna go see mama you're almost done
with your sandwich can you finish it
take a big bite take a bite of your
sandwich there we go get a nice grip
yom-yom a man yo mama can you say num
you guys we went to Texas Roadhouse
which is a big house and we don't like
the healthiest meals I got chicken it's
the oven roasted chicken and salmon well
with potatoes and lines when you're
exploded with I wasn't in the state food
and once my foot baggage we get
something a little bit easier happy
Mother's Day what do you think look at
that baby huh
distractive it chairs are nice hey Rach
I love the tiles too yeah we put this
little tile that has I know and you're
yeah we just always wonder what to do
with that and now it fits right there
that's what it's super cute and then we
got some shrubbery for you to take care
of wheelbarrow I know I thought it looks
cool no yes auntie put an end you will
forever hey ants now Missy I was pulling
you scream like oh my god get it off
we found a roly poly this is exciting
because okay just we all intensely
waiting no if you touch it I can do you
know dirty one give me a dirty not quite
like that little side I he gives now
yeah
oh it's so fascinated it was a ball and
now it's a bug and then cool you gonna
kissy nobody freak out if you didn't
touch it it'll turn into a ball do I get
it huh
you're making a ball touch it touch it
yeah we'll make it a ball you're making
to a ball
oh there is the ball you so fast okay
okay I'm good at those drow you woken up
okay
I don't think Ollie has ever discovered
bugs like this before it's gonna be a
bug again okay oh yeah it's like a ball
fi it's a kind of roly poly
oh we do keep going a bone that is gonna
say to your auntie Polly what we are
holding it now Holly look Oh got some
meat literally look boy yeah and not
cool which one of you wants me Roger if
they can flip themselves don't scare him
gonna hurt him
yeah you right Gabi stop okay Rowley
daddy
step back not I get more roly-polies
it's just getting so educational today
too big want me to hold it don't go curl
up Wow oh wow I'm petting him look like
a No Oh snail way too big of a bad like
I did not know I was going to science
class is it gross Cassie
great it's huge
never had a snail crawl I know as weird
laugh is over
wow that was a snail alley and a snail
without a shell is called a slug hey
clapping
so we decided randomly totally random to
take oli to a movie so we decided to go
some home and he watched the entire
thing it's amazing he did so good he
loved the movie he danced cuz there was
like a lot of cool music so he like
danced and he like did scream or cry or
anything it was amazing
maybe yeah that might just been luck
that Heidi rushed us
yeah put in the water and then you scrub
them scrub them ah ah rub don't worry
guys I already brushed his teeth this is
just practice is it ah I don't want to
put it in my mouth
this one's cool cuz it has music me
really likes it cuz you can hear in his
mouth Hepburn - yay why are you watching
your music yeah Papa yeah say I gotta go
99 I got gone nein nein alright guys I'm
putting ollie down for bed it is
Mother's Day tomorrow Mother's Day for
you guys so happy Mother's Day
you guys haven't watched my mistake if
you guys haven't watched my Mother's Day
video you should go check it out
a hot link below Ollie said happy Mama's
day huh
I'm so excited I got to go on a little
date with both my boys today and we had
so much fun wrong okay yeah kiss me
right ready can you say night-night yeah
yeah day mwah
I feel like today a car moving
I guess the start of like more fun time
with him gone little little mama and
Sunday huh say bye-bye should back your
Diwali thumbs up I will see you guys
tomorrow
this is home
just whatever
I am hot
Oh
