Holly found a stick oh oh oh you stick
fighting mommy oh oh look at that stance
look at that stance this kid's got
strategy
smells so great I'll hear you guys good
morning from the Pacific Wonderland we
are headed to breakfast I got the fam
loaded up hey what's up buddy you want
you to some food yeah you love food look
she's got yeah two different types of
balls this morning yeah that the birdie
isn't that awesome
nature we've got Corbin with us now and
apparently we a new driver yes what
happened oh I don't know what I'm going
I know it's kind of hard to drive when
you know either you guys like I just
yeah you drive you should see Kelsey a
little bit later Kelsey's just finishing
up some schoolwork we haven't seen her
since the amazing dancing bride vlog
Yeah right with her dance moves at the
wedding seriously such a good memory I
know think we're headed to go to
breakfast at like the trucks the big egg
the big like the super awesome
breakfast burrito place I know Brian's
gonna love it
you
you
well we were going to go to the big egg
but apparently they're closed because
they get really busy and then they run
out of food yeah I'm super discreet they
ran out of eggs miss Cates southern
kitchen and we got waffles biscuits and
gravy
you know the biscuits looked amazing
Holly what is that that is a birdie
you're right there's a very big birdie
we're just walking through some of these
shops craziest things ever you guys and
in place this you wanted to create is we
tried out that great place never had a
crib except for like a I hop by China oh
yeah
like really considered a great shot is
really good this is really just like a
raspberry filling and it
so on the agenda for today as well as we
are going to be looking at a couple of
houses which might seem like we're kind
of jumping the gun but we came here to
look at like property and see what we
would be getting ourselves into as far
as like different houses we can buy look
at this street so yeah we're looking at
this area in Portland super super cute
right yeah look at this house it's so
cute what do you think golly oh my look
at this kitchen so pretty crazy we'd
never find a house like this in
California they're just not built like
this you know oh you're that window oh
my gosh she just came upstairs there's a
laundry upstairs I thought it's only
good ending at all this this home has
been on the market for a few months
yeah here's the master bedroom look good
cute little bathroom everything this
house is very very beautiful the cool
thing is that this is a new house that
was built but it's all very like it's
still has like that old look these big
windows oh my god look at this little
door it's just like a little storage
area
it's like a little Alice in Wonderland
it goes all the way through so you keep
all your Christmas stuff up here so cool
or just like a play area for like the
kids or something we just left that
house and I said hey it was so gorgeous
it's just cool to see what you can
in Oregon and it's definitely a newer
house it's all like redone because a lot
of houses out here are kind of older
have a good mix of like new construction
oh yeah remodeled but yeah we're just
excited to look at houses we don't know
where we're going I think it might seem
like hope they're moving to Portland but
like we don't know we might even go take
a few more trips to some other states
and just look around and a lot of people
are acting like what about your family
and like honestly they would probably
follow us at some point they are willing
to change yes they are willing to sort
of change baby honestly would love to
move States more than I would because
they don't like how expensive it is a
lot of stuff to think about and we're
really excited that we just actually are
at the point though in our lives like
we're getting ready to buy a house and
this is something that we've been like
saving for for years and years and years
and it's finally happening like we
actually get to like think about it now
it's really exciting Hawk Brian yeah I
think it's just like it's kind of like a
turning point for families so we are at
the final house that we're going to see
today and I Missy and I like we're
freaking out when we pulled in because
this is this is all part of it it's
completely covered by these trees and
it's got this like roundabout driveway
holy cow like look at look at all this
color
Allyson laughs I know right
we get we got Corbin the Corbin the
babysitter and this like just cute
little farmhouse it's so cool
I can't I like I haven't like I know
right crazy yeah and it's like slightly
misting - it's like so / fort 'land
right now there's even Maas on the
ground that is crazy that house was
unreal messy wasn't it to me it was like
so grand probably has a lot of history
yeah well he was saying like the
original owner who built it is probably
like some famous organ guy when it
person yeah that was that was really fun
to do this house is a lot of our price
range but we're like let's just go see
it for fun see what kind of stuff you
get I love the idea of living in a area
like this where there's so many like
trees and like something that the house
it's a little - yeah we are we are
definitely into like the more newer
modern homes yeah that was fun that's
all the house hunting probably for this
trip and so we're just going to enjoy
organ the rest of the time we are headed
into Mount Tabor park it is with volcano
this is playground and volcano are down
here - agentive al Tabor park look at
this this is amazing it's got this nice
little mist coming down that is getting
my camera wet so that's okay
oh look there's ollie hey what does what
are you wearing
get out yeah kind of ruined his jeans
and this is all I had separate shorts I
didn't really prepare or cold weather
look at this tree as well
this is probably one of the coolest
parks I've ever been to oh nice throw
ah go get the ball go get the ball look
who we ran into you guys
fellow Portlanders what are your names
again hello Alicia and Eddie Alicia and
Eddie and they just informed me that we
are on a volcano it is yeah this is real
life it's not gonna blow up though like
are we okay Ollie will definitely get
dirty if that happens Holly found a
stick oh oh oh you stick fighting mommy
oh oh look at that stance look at that
stance this kid's got strategy you got
to be careful with him he's a fierce one
oh look what we found
but we didn't find we got a little puppy
she's NP so you guys are thinking about
naming it Oliver yeah that'd be adorable
name let me don't be so cute with it
like a oh my gosh Missy let's get a
puppy oh wow Oh be nice to puppies
certain trained hoarders yeah Holly this
is Elijah say hi so and we're here with
Jessica mal tear apart kind of turned
into a little meetup which is nice hey
buddy hey cutie all he has that same
shirt totally hard I see oh my gosh it's
so weird seeing him like peer into like
a little like baby stroller it's like
that's what he's gonna be doing soon yes
and we got baby chick here are we there
for look at you you're flying
yeah mrs. Lowe she keeps Italy yeah you
start getting crooked if you guys don't
know this is James chicks we've worked
together on like baby league stuff he
helped me out with my later lyric video
I'll have his channel link below you
guys daily vlog every day right four
days a week four days a week
they vlog as well and they got this
little cutie who's pretty good with a
wand quite all about if I do say so
myself
good boys out there hey Cathy she's
almost here
can you go what Kelsie's yeah I feel
like it's finally complete no we're like
The Four Musketeers we've been missing
you happy we had zero fun yes now the
fun can begin
what do you think of the fireworks Holly
Ali's not the biggest fan of fireworks
I think the closet he just finished
dinner at the stillest place is called
mother's mmm-hmm was really good this
fancy it was a bit fancy especially for
that kid he was a little crazy it's
given minutes to know like a really
rough but people were like there's a
section ahead toy I was like I was like
so embarrassed like oh my god okay great
anyways I'm just so happy that Kelsey is
finally here and she's kind of here
we're gonna hang out for the weekend
it's really fun I mean let's getting
started so you know we're pretty happy
right now so anyways we're gonna go
ahead and end the vlog folks were just
headed back to the house and we're gonna
just relax and hang out and be friends
so if you guys enjoy the video give it a
thumbs up and also if you're wondering
about the song is playing right now
that's actually Brian's new single who
knew so if you guys want to check it out
it is in the links down below you guys
can buy it on iTunes thank you guys for
watching I will see you guys tomorrow
bye
/ like
you decided
they'll get you
yeah
