guess what Olli we're going on a trip
huh we're going on a trip we're going in
a big ol aeroplane are you so excited
hey yeah clap if you're excited yeah
there you go
all kind of manipulation because you can
always get them divided by saying yay
well if you're not awake you're awake
now good morning guys today we are
getting ready for a big old trip kind of
like a last minute trip - we got our
bags packed and I carry on pack and
we're talking ourselves and this little
kid all he wants to do is play in my
office right now
check those emails real fast soon as you
mouse kay there you go make sure you
send in those emails we got all these
bag all packed he's got snacks and
diapers and all that good stuff in here
babe yep coolness we're almost ready
nothing like getting ready right before
you get on a plane huh
Missy was telling me all last night
she's like you need to pack and I was
like I know but the plane doesn't take
off till 2:00 which is like what we're
leaving at 11:00 I was like that's at
least three hours to pack but yeah I
definitely don't like waiting until the
day of to back makes things a little bit
more stressful all I keeps running at my
office
Oliver oh you're back in the chair okay
well spin around some more before we
leave Wow we made it out of the house
we've got the car packed every time I
park let's cut packed this car I'm like
I cannot wait told you I know there's no
room we we packed very minimum because
this was kind of a last-minute trip and
so we were like let's just pack as
minimal as possible that way we can like
fit into an easy car or whatever and
like we have two suitcases it's packed
to the brim so we are actually headed to
Portland Oregon weird city of roses I'm
so excited for a couple reasons
yes first is to visit our friends
because they had a last-minute
opportunity to hang out so we're going
to see calcium Corbin if you don't know
them they have YouTube channel as well
they're like our best friends
I'm excited to see high school actually
they got married a few months ago so
yeah we were at their wedding and we're
also going because Missy and I are
actually going to be house-hunting to
buy our first home pretty soon you know
we have the option to relocate cities if
we want so we're kind of going to scope
out the city see if it's something we
can see ourselves living in you know I
think it's cool just to have we have
options because the work we do is at
home so we can literally live anywhere
and do our work and I think that's
really cool so I kind of just want to
take advantage of that and take
advantage of this time and and maybe
explore the city and if it's something
that we like that yeah who knows what'll
happen yeah who knows like honestly this
is just a fun trip and we're going to
check it out and see if we can picture
ourselves there see if it's a
possibility I'm just really excited to
go to Portland we've never been to
Portland I've always thought the city
was very fascinating and interesting so
I'm really excited
Brian's China where I'm out a little bit
so much time final boarding at those
chamber by 3592 sectionals the delayed
12:15 departure we all all right Wiggles
out we're going over here before
that's the plane touch it there you go
that's gonna be so high ready
ollie say fine
goodbye
we are at our layover and we found a
makeup vending machine that's
interesting
this isn't love she's like when you see
like one of those best buy ones
oh yeah yeah see the best buy ones and
I'm like oh by some beats or like an
iPhone like we're really you actually
buy something from here it is advising
for Best Buy vending you sure if you
really wanted like a really good pair of
headphones like right away or so be
ready for like iPad fellas I know
don't spend three four I know
yeah is there anything you want in here
there's something I've been looking at
for long really I saw it and I saw it
was bright pink and I was like I hope
that's a cupcake vending machine you
know
whoa that was weird
now you got some face cream
how about Elias so jealous right now
that you just wear makeup anyway last
plane ride and then we're going to be an
organ one yeah Holly are you excited I
don't think you should be another quick
tip video would you rather take one long
flight or I don't we like shorter
flights
this is been really nice it's kind of it
does take longer but it I feel like it's
not as agonizing yeah you know that's
why I it's been really comfortable
we got sodoku stuff today
land ho no no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no we're Bionic ally we have
arrived we're off the plane isn't that
good news
he did so good and his hair looks so
great definitely made up how terrible
the last night one oh yeah we went came
home from Hawaii yeah you're in our
rental car we actually planned
Kelcey important we're just gonna set
this up with their car Kelsie ends up
having it so we're renting a car and
Amaya's with him like yeah we're we're
on and there's lots more room for all of
us yeah definitely we're gonna go pick
up Corbin look at this this is beautiful
trees and like it reminds me of Idaho a
little bit yeah but it's like different
feel different yeah I don't know it
feels nice outside too yeah it's really
nice I got Koli back here and look at
him he is forward-facing and he's so
happy about it I'm not too happy about
it I intend to keep him rear-facing for
quite a while you're renting this car
seat and hey it only goes forward facing
so it's just for a short amount of time
and it's just were scooting around
Portland a little bit but he's happy and
it's so much fun like looking back and
like seeing his cute little face and
just be like hey what's up you happy
Corbin's here we're so excited so
excited dude you see Ben he can't say
Corbyn so he has to say best hey Uncle
Ben Uncle Ben
yeah this is nice I found this on a
website that's the stitch that was in
frozen wasn't it well it kind of looks
like it but yeah it's always weird like
choosing a house house agent place pay
for this place big yeah that's crazy
all right let's go see we got a nice
dining area ooh look at this kitchen oh
my gosh this kitchen is really nice with
a stove
oh my gosh whoa don't touch screen this
is very nice well it does not touch
straight is so cool one bedroom here
very nice clock that room it is flooring
so cool
sweep this is awesome Kelsey and Corbin
haven't seen Ali since San Francisco it
was so little we wish our little an
alligator I'm putting cash ready catch
it ready he can throw it can't really
catch though Herald row throat Uncle Ben
yeah you got a ball home buddy
yeah throw it here throw it here or hand
it to me
okay that one's too where is it oh it's
under the bed can you get it okay yeah
it rolled right to the middle of the bed
wha
I see it I'll get it for you look at us
walk-in the streets of downtown Portland
yeah it's like 9 o'clock this kid is
still up this lady's still up we still
have not eaten dinner so mr. Corbin is
taking us to go get some food to shoot
to the shoot the Portland basically shut
down
I know everything is closed this place
looks cool babe cuz it kinda looks like
a big green house
Holly are you excited for food I know
you need food they have brew and beer
here you guys that is cool
oh man look at that
you see got a big old steak and they
just threw it on some french fries for
you I know but uh we're also eating
cheese that's as old as you ollie
it's like a year old it's actually
really good I got spicy chicken and
waffles which looks dope isn't it it's a
sourdough waffle it's not cool
he does not like he does not like
dipping yeah so we just stopped that
voodoo to pick up some donuts for
dessert
open it up show us what we got look at
all that the head pink box
this is the birdhouse one I know it's
like crazy I got some powdered sugar and
like cake ones for you to wear loose one
looks weird I wouldn't never they all
like weird
well guys that's all for today's vlog 80
blog we are very much looking forward to
exploring the city of Portland if you
guys are familiar with the city or you
live here and you have any suggestions
for things that we should do leave them
down below in the comments and we may do
some of them
Oliver is passed out he was so sick and
tired you guys who wrote her a book
first but anyway thank you guys so much
for watching if you guys enjoy today's
vlog be sure to click that thumbs up
button and leave a friendly happy
comment down below if you guys are new
feel free to subscribe we put out a
video every single day and it's
completely free together curious about
the song that's playing right now that
is my very first single this is home you
can get it on iTunes by clicking the
screen or link below in the description
thank you guys for watching and we'll
see you manana
that's where I wanna be I do
baby ones love
inside
and this is hard
in the fridge
look so good Hornets are
I'd say it
