well hello there beautiful internet to
you how are you on the spine summer day
connects a summer yet are we like to see
summer is it summertime I think it's
summertime what month is it June May
August it's almost summer yay if you're
in school you're almost out for summer
so that's cool if you're a teacher well
then you out of a job for a couple
months anyway I have been eating very
well for the past week making lots of
meals at home just trying to be a little
bit more disciplined with it funny thing
is I went to the doctor and I actually
well I went to the doctor before Hawaii
and then I went to the doctor yesterday
after Hawaii and the first thing he said
we looked at my chart he was like hey
you lost weight and I was like yeah I
did so today I'm actually going to be
rewarding myself with a little bit of
Jersey Mike's because that sounds really
really good and it's not like Jersey
Mike's is bad food it's just not as
planned out as like other meals and
stuff
I love my Josie Mike's mooing guys I'm
trying to be quiet because Paul is
asleep right now and the monitor just
dies I have to get down here so I can
watch my baby sleep he's actually
feeling a lot better today he still has
this little like coffin fit but I'm not
like hearing him breathe anymore which
is nice and so I think he's definitely
getting better got put this in turn it
on make sure you still asleep yes he is
anyways I'm actually just sitting down
my computer getting some work done and
home I'm out of breath
cool and I've been getting a lot of
questions on whether I'm going to be
doing a Mother's Day video and the
answer is yes
I am gonna do Mother's Day video it's
not going to be as extravagant as my
other Mother's Day videos have been just
want to go a little bit more simple I
feel like I can't really top my last
ones they I really love them and they
are they're really special to me and
this year I'm just kind of not in that
place to make a really emotional video I
don't know if it's because I'm pregnant
and I'm feeling like already kind of
emotional that if I were to do something
like that I feel like it like pushed me
over the edge don't want to do something
special and I still love Mother's Day
and it means a lot to me so I definitely
wanna do something so I'm just working
on that right now I'm kind of writing
out what I want to talk about and put
together and I'm also looking at
Mother's Day gifts for my mom Brian's
actually got me some one time star bag
alright just finished my lunch and looks
like the munchkin just woke up
Ollie Jo me to come get you
it's like yes please please come get me
I'm really ready to get up in the
mornings when he wakes up he goes mama
dad dad mama dada and he yells our name
until we come in then get it it's the
cutest thing he just knows that we can
hear him and he's like mama come get me
you guys are you talking to you
someone's talking you in there huh this
moment talking to you
did you sleep good no you want that I
talk in there you ready hey what are you
doing in there
what'd you what'd you find in there I
have it quite unpacked all a so I'm sure
there's a lot of goodies in here from
the plane ride
yes Olli are you just like saying mama
yeah all right guys I'm just making all
a little sandwich and look at my view
right here let me just show you you just
sitting here sitting here like the
biggest boy I'm like when did you grow
up and you could just sit on a barstool
and talk to me
what's up Bali say nothing you just snap
in you just love chips I got chips with
my lunch and he's like um I think I'll
just eat these you're gonna eat your
sandwich mm-hmm okay minute ago he said
no so we had a little conversation about
it what da Dada Dada he's still on the
phone and say Dada Dada
yeah you look like such an old kid you
just look like an older child that's
your drink how about we stop eating
chips
okay we eater sandwich mm-hmm any good
sandwiches huh yeah hey good job
it is good huh can you come do it
Keva huh yeah okay she's looking at my
whiteboard do you you probably want to
write all over it don't you don't trip
me man
hi buddy you guys yeah you're so warm
can you give me a hug can you get up on
the chair yes you are and he instantly
becomes the man in charge you see a
picture of Mama my message is up
something about Narnia you're so
talkative today brah pulpit time hey I'm
up here oh thank you for this demented
red ball yes that one's my stuff oh no
that one's pretty good let me see now
it's good the ball pit has been running
out of balls because of this character
you chew up the balls you chew up the
balls why'd you do that I mean all they
were in the mood to go swimming but it's
a little chilly out so we warmed the hot
tub up just a little bit just enough so
that me and then can get in safely a
little too chilly to get in the actual
pool so we definitely have to just do
the hot tub
feel nice say feel good don't get it on
the rap nothing yet to feel good hey all
right I'm gonna put this camera way
don't jump in yeah I'm not in yet okay
you need to stay above water for a
minute your fish you're like a little
fishy huh I have the camera strapped to
my hand
and I can move it away quickly if he
tries to splash you guys
he's pretty crazy in the pool now he
just goes under and then can't sometimes
can get up sometimes can't no not over
there
you are the craziest swimmer know if you
can't just push off the side Oh
you are insane come over here and then
go under and get it ghandar water
oh you hold your breath for so long it's
crazy it's good oh oh oh I'm sinking
ball huh no friends up down in there
okay bye bye
I love this feeling you guys let me know
if you share the same love crossing off
things on your to do eyes kind of big to
do done today I actually sent all the
rest of the footage to our animator
Bailey who does an intro so we should be
having some fun new stuff in the intros
very soon so I had dr. Brent yesterday
he prescribed me medicine and he told me
start taking an allergy pill I took it
last night I woke up this morning way
more clearer which was so nice and I
actually wanted to shower this morning I
was able to pop both of my ears so I can
actually hear normal again like I feel
like a new man it feels really awesome
what are you doing Oh oh my gosh what
are you doing yay hey that smells so
good it doesn't it you guys don't even
know I wish is for smellivision that
smells freaking delicious look at the
dog juicy yeah what watermelon and
lagging me watching yeah he's getting
close there we go
now I give him the bike that is good
good oh my gosh yeah you like it ollie
no thank you say yes yes nice yeah
got a piece of watermelon times I give
him the
like green part and he'll like to it up
chew up all the red yeah OOP we just ate
dinner at Mimi and Papa's house and we
were gonna go for a walk and we thought
maybe they would go with us but they're
not and so we're like well what is the
holy here so I'm on facts hurting and my
dad is gonna work maybe's like you're
taking oli
I'm like no let's not can you hang out
with auntie while we go for a walk can
you say auntie okay that's pretty good
that's pretty good we are a mile into
our walk yeah how's it going good I
don't good I'm wearing shoes today so
I've been wearing flip-flops and my
shoes are giving me a blister
self-control she grabbed uh handful of
leaves and shoved a manor ship it didn't
help its yeah I said use flowers are
softer these are poisonous all right
beautiful yes no they're not you're a
liar I dare you to eat one they're
poisonous then I'm gonna eat one get you
wrong
do you think they're nice we used to
have them like a ton in my in my yard
and my girl I know your ground would
always tell you Tony
don't those are poisonous yeah sorry
you're always talking about stories that
I repeat to you all the time it feels so
good out here you guys it honestly does
and walking without ollie so nice I feel
like we're gonna hit our goal songs
faster I'm super
I look like a tomato like oh they're
young we are headed home from a medium
Peppa's and all I had fun hanging out we
went on a walk and I got a huge blister
like this big
tomorrow the who new music video comes
out for you guys on Friday and we are so
excited we're getting really punished
for it and my Mother's Day video should
be up on Friday as well so that should
be an exciting day all around say hi hi
say night-night yeah yeah say I love you
Ellie
say bye bye back say comes up hope you
enjoyed it give this video a thumbs up
do it and we'll see you tomorrow
very easily tear down in all the crowds
we did gather round who knew the life we
would have found
and if everyday you tell me what it
believed you who knew
