you see you see come on guys
them with my wifey my pregnant wife eat
this belly trying to pop it's gonna go
up like a piece of popcorn I'm pretty
sure over is awake what are you doing
good morning hey how did you get a sword
to Papa get you a sword yeah I love my
sword yeah it's actually really nice
nice and soft don't hit on me
it's like cushiony oh yeah nice although
it did have kind of start from like
handle what do you know so what I was
gonna say handle and he's kind of eating
it's like to spread it out this part boy
hey you want to go attack Jerrod with
your sword okay let's go get Jared how
does he know how to hold a sword like
that I don't understand
come on Ali Ali get Jared Jared oh I
have no idea how he knows how to do that
dude defense he's so happy
is this a good thing Missy should we be
teaching him how to hit with a sword
like he gets or driving me maybe not hit
people all right how do you
differentiate between real life and
playtime yeah this is crazy oh it's just
a flesh wound it's just a flesh wound
oh you're dead you're dead
yeah stick your tongue out okay now
you're officially dead
so I just finished a video in Chariton
Rachelle's room actually this is where
they're staying and I kind of had to
take over their room for a minute but I
actually did a hair tutorial which is
really different for me I don't think
I've ever done a hair tutorial before
but it was actually really fun so that
should be out later on this week I'll
let you know when it's out but I hope
you guys like it and do you guys like my
hair so that's pretty much what I'll be
doing I'm gonna show you guys how I did
this hair anyways I'm actually super
outta breath because I'm really pregnant
I know I took me so long to do this
video we owe them some burritos yes we
do you want a burrito but all you can't
you can't bring your sword hey hey but
you will need to put some pants on
makes sense
goals AF doesn't make as much literal
like literary sense no it totally
doesn't make literate we've been
teaching the nelsons about internet
speak I'm cool as the password okay yeah
that's goals and it's just like it's
like taking goals to a new level it's
like I really want those like that's
goals so and then there's also given
point yeah a point yes there's on fleek
like your eyebrows are okay that's kind
of like
boarding reference your speech yeah no I
don't think so
do you guys know we're on fleek came
from let us know in the comments and we
had a seat in my AF which I have never
used that I would never thought that's
bad
also there's shipping do you guys know
what shipping
she knows shipping so like people can
ship you guys or like if you're best
friends with someone they can ship
either way can you guys like it's not
like Vikings I was like wanting them to
be together yes let's do is ship you
guys that we would be like what slow
internship maybe Ralph machette rarity
rarity or just shelf what about rose
he's like no you have to actually give
it a comfort like relationship yeah my
friendship name is busy for prissy and
mine in Ellie's is belly yes I thought
it was like I'm like I like you so much
that's heavy was really realistic got to
that part
Freebird swag we haven't been to free
birds in a while
oh my gosh oh it looks Oh sounds so good
but we're we're getting jared and
michelle some burritos yeah cool yeah
oli got a little baby burrito oh that is
what I'm talking about kiddo it's just I
know for him yes in correlation to like
his head it's the same yeah yeah Oh does
he do that now that is amazing
20 times a day why are you still
dreaming he's like you don't tell me
Jared get up get a Molly get him get him
get him get him Raleigh Raleigh okay so
tonight we have some friends over and
more very special yes yes we have Maddie
here and she's actually gonna be teaming
up with Brian to sing a really really
cool yeah be much put together an
amazing song so yes and she is gonna be
like awesome and we'll probably show you
a lot and let me tell you guys this girl
can see yes
this is Maddie's mom and dad and her
brother and all he's here he's been like
goofing off like all night but he
decided to make himself very comfortable
and watch what he like totally pulled
this out and just laid down and I put
toys around it has to be on mute and he
doesn't even care like he's just like
whatever
so anyways they're just been practicing
a ton and maybe we'll show you a little
clip also of them like see my new stuff
Maddie you do have a YouTube channel
right yes yeah we'll have it linked
below so you guys can check out do you
have how many you have your songs up
there right yes yeah yeah this if you
guys want to hear more of Maddie check
her out on her YouTube channel yeah
we'll also link her Instagram which she
does a lot of covers on so you guys can
check oh wow she's really big on
Instagram putting those yeah for sure
yeah so we'll have all her social media
stuff linked below so you guys can go
check her out and subscribe support
America's she is just starting out and
she's gonna be famous one day when I
when I heard I heard Maddie sing at
church yeah I need to do something this
girl yeah song was basically written for
you yeah and Maddie is actually well her
mom is my hairdresser and so she's been
telling me all about her for like ever
now and so we finally get to do
something with there which is really
good the time has come machine are
laying here and we're just chatting with
Jared and Rochelle because it's almost
time to say goodbye did we take good
care you guys we make sure you guys were
took your your baths and we're tucked in
every night and eat your dinner
the bedtime stories yes those were
pretty much a much guys I was telling
Jared I was like I cannot believe how
much we got done it was so cool having
him here we wrote so many songs had so
much fun like our just trying to plan
some cool things out which we'll talk
more about in detail later but it was
amazing could you believe that we did
all that yeah what was really cool came
along and she was pretty valuable anyway
with that said if you guys are not
subscribed to Nelson at the helm please
go subscribe link down below in the
description we actually filmed their
first cover song and I'm in it so it'll
be up on their channel really soon I'll
let you guys know what they say on
Thursday that's your day we wanted
Wednesday but we're doing going to drive
all having 15 hours yeah so we can't
edit to get it up by winds so for the
next year our music videos will be on
Thursday dictated by that road not so
much but anyway we had a really fun day
super productive I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog if you do click the
Sharma's up button and subscribe to our
channel too cuz you're already watching
so oh yeah I mean half the bottle has
already won I don't think anyone even
understand your accent I guess everyone
say goodbye to to Jared and Rochelle
alright we're gonna end the vlog it's
going it's going it's going to the knee
okay bye
white house full
