who knew this you just felt something
really cool
i cultivated for sure good morning guys
we got the whole damn family
the whole fam damn that's funny we're
getting ready for the day Missy you're
doing your hair all beautiful yeah I'm
gonna try and do something with it today
I'm going to try and do a bump date
today because I'm going to try and be a
successful person today I believe in you
Missy trying you know I believe in you
I love trying that counts hey yes how's
ollie does he help you get ready in the
morning by moving all your stuff around
I notice your change for change his way
over there I am all ready for the day
and I'm actually doing something really
cool today oh but I want to show you
guys something
remember how I told you guys that all of
her broke my shaver okay well I'm not
blaming Oliver he dropped it and then
it's not working I picked up a new one
at Target yesterday and it's the Philips
Norelco Norelco 7300 and it's really
interesting because it has like this
little notch part right here and it's
basically like a vacuum system so I
shaved my entire face today and all I
got was that can you see it normally
after I'm done shaving it's just like a
huge mess and Missy gets so mad at me
and I'm like but I'll clean it up so
that was actually really cool but I
don't think it did as good of a job like
it didn't do it as clean I couldn't get
the lines as clean I couldn't get as
close so I don't know I like it in
theory but I think I'm gonna return it
and get the one that
have O+ I put this stuff on it's like a
post-shave face lotion and it made it
like so soft and calm and usually like
it's all gross you know after you shave
yeah today I am gonna hang out with Papa
and Jimmy am I allowed to call him
pop-pop he's not my papa
I don't know whatever to call him
Missy's dad and brother and we're gonna
go see Avengers Ollie I can't wait till
you're old enough to go see superhero
movies with me looking good babe and got
your Michael Jackson glove on actually I
think it's glove is white and sparkly we
should get you a white sparkly glove to
do your hair with let me so funny what
buddy yeah all right all he's all ready
for the day we've been now he's been
wearing lots of like muscle changes
I think Missy Kix are really cute so he
keep eyeing them hey they are really
cute what me yeah Papa's at the door
let's go get him oh he's very excited to
see you guys
okay come on
oh he's gonna actually go down to you
always covered in stickers right now
because of auntie no no no he's gonna
freak out once he realizes stuck to like
his arm hair now he's got him on you
yeah he acted immorally he's like yeah
it is good morning we are at Olive
Garden and I'm with the girls and oli
not just the girls we got a leak in Oh
balls
boys watch a movie and gorgeous hungry
we've been doing a little bit of
shopping my mom's doing some shopping
for the house she's like kind of
redecorating outside and inside so we're
going to eat eat bread sticks sound
yummy what do you want to do all we want
good eat he's like two into the stickers
on empty also he threw a toy down here
and find it oh it's over you mom it's
like behind your feet
yeah I thank you that teamwork my mom
just got him one of these at the
Kaleidoscope right and he look inside
there like all kinds of cool kind of
cases see turn it for me mom see that we
had to teach oli to look inside of this
it took some definitely some work but I
think you figured it out you want to try
and look show us how you look inside I'm
just turning it for him that's why put
it in middle yeah thank you
that doesn't work hanging out with the
gyms that's what I'm going to call you
guys the gyms we got Jimmy and Jim James
and James we just saw the Avengers and
ate some pretty massive burritos movie
was really good and what do you think
about that moving that extra scene a
little closer seeing off the way through
the whole credits that's kind of nice of
them ha
you know the end of every Marvel movie
they have a little seat at the end of
the credits some credits came by and
they showed a scene and then we were
like sitting there like do we keep
waiting I don't know what to do they
totally messed us up and then someone on
Twitter was like no there's no scene and
I was like thank you because I really
had to pee
Holly woke up from his nap and he's a
little grouchy but he's a little bit but
we're actually a headed over to Mimi and
Papa's to go have some dinner he's like
I'm not a crowd look it in he's happier
now I actually just fell with my bump
date woohoo go Missy for trying today
it's a little bit late but hopefully
it's up tomorrow and fried just edited
me a little intro and I really liked it
it's really simple but I just wanted
something that I like and that condone
front of my videos I'm gonna try and end
it at my mom's edit like the video ollie
climbed up on this chair by himself
pointed at the laptop and said watch
Jackson that is Jackson yeah Ellie and
Jared I'm pretty sure this is Jackson's
biggest fan right here somebody that's
his dad dad no not his pop that's pop
over there I'm your dad back don't get
him confused
that's his mama hmm he's so cute he
loves watching Jackson and meet me in
Papa's house but everyone's just getting
everything ready we're gonna barbecue
some chicken and meat and snacks Missy
just felt something really cool I felt
amazing
for sure like no doubt
strong and right here and the craziest
thing and then 16 weeks and three days
and that's exactly when I felt ollie
yeah yeah I thought in Walmart like over
two years ago you guys can check that
blog out yeah it was like somewhere in
March yeah we'd like one of the March
ones but um yeah I felt him right here
and then I felt new baby right here
that's crazy
crib so how much more longer till I can
feel him probably I think it's like 19
to 20 weeks um you can first a couple
like a month or two out
thank God you felt all your on 19 how's
the debt chip debt very very good you
can find it in a soup kitchen but we
staying out all the onions running off
red smile are you kidding me with that
smile right now bro good job buddy
oh let's pull out off-road it now go
ollie go ollie come on come on
check out my parents new patio they got
this set in the awning and it's got
lights it's got this fan and it's really
really nice and they actually just did
some bark their work all the time I was
still in the bar yeah they just did this
bark yeah it looks really nice they're
gonna put some plants and stuff and all
that but they're working hard on like
this whole backyard cozy dance is a fun
yeah oh my gosh Ollie's wearing earbuds
right now
oh and listening to my song by the phone
and I think it's safe to say he really
likes it to go by who knew on itunes
link below the description we never put
headphones in before like I even really
doesn't like wearing them either but
he's really into this yeah
all right headed home and it is way past
always bedtime I'll tell you that right
now I'm actually just finished editing
my bump day so that will definitely be
up right now so go check my channels
brian's music video comes out this week
on friday so go subscribe to his channel
so you are the first ones to watch who
new music video it was so cute I love it
definitely just a little piece of me and
him and I like our high school
relationship is so cute so I'm really
excited for you guys see it so go
subscribe so you guys get to see it
first anyways give this ball a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and we'll see you guys
tomorrow fight for the best I was a boy
with big intentions
on my chest we never seem to have much
love to spare I know you're watching
every morning my new jet cutland you
like that new hobby grouper
really enjoy that song
