say hi to camera yes behind of it hi go
to the camera like this
good morning ollie what are you doing
buddy
you got to yeah you got your whale can
you give your will a hug give it a hug
give it a hug oh there you go good
morning guys jarrod and I are back at it
he's doing a little bit of producing I'm
working on getting all of the lyrics and
courts together for the new songs all
he's being super cute this morning such
a good boy aren't you
is this your web can you say well no
that's pretty close this room is
definitely not child friendly anymore
with all this equipment in here can you
say guitar tar tar go give your well to
mama give it to mama give it to mama
dude yeah
good morning Michelle makes us all look
bad went out for a run this morning oh
sorry I didn't notice you want to watch
what Ollie I'm gonna be honest no one
knows what you're saying
what are you doing Ollie you're putting
on shoes my mom came over and when my
mom's here apparently is all about the
shoes they like to have shoe
conversations and find the coolest new
shoe they so funny he's that really
doesn't talk about it yes but he really
doesn't talk about when he's not there
anyway some morning guys I'm eating
lunch and I'm just hanging out with
Rochelle and the boys are off doing boy
stuff I don't know but I was like super
hungry I could by eating the E and my
mom made beef stew last night and I
literally wanted it so badly and I was
like I want these two and she was like
oh I'll just bring you over something so
like yes and so now I get my beef stew
no he's got a cheese on
let me see your shoes
little monster shoes your shoes yes
look at these you guys is there Pepsi
and Mountain Dew cans that they made
into little airplanes that's cool Guitar
Center because he forgot his XLR cable
and I think we're gonna record like some
scratch vocals to make it a little bit
easier when I go to record the actual
vocals and it's just easier to produce
on top of those so we're getting stuff
done dude yes hi do it
hi go to the camera like this okay we're
the birdies are always the camera you
guys say does the birdies out there so
you can talk mom mom you sound on me
careful you're pressing a lot of things
okay say bye bye ah alright you say bye
bye to the camera
good job thank you okay that's it that
had got to be the cutest baby volume
I've ever seen he's starting to know
what we're doing guys we're definitely
talking to a camera you couldn't tell
I've got my babies you know I always got
his video I wrote no stop the camera and
the shelves getting her bathing suit on
and the boys are just working on music a
lot in the office so they're not like
super available for us but the pool is
nice and warm just like it's actually in
the 60s so not super warm but we are
gonna go swimming cuz the pool feels
nice
Ollie is obsessed with apples you guys
what is that yeah there you go
everyone for apples he goes straight to
Rochelle yeah Apple love and boy aren't
you kids are crazy but awesome Ollie is
cool he's way cooler than I am oh thanks
bro it is dinnertime so we basically
clocked out for the day yes yes your
Apple out of your slipper
what are you doing take it did it get
stuck so I picked up one of these oven
sauces this is a creamy garlic butter
and basically you just throw chicken
potatoes and green beans all in one pan
and you put that all on top of it and
bake it how does it look Rochelle
six-packs no you're good yeah it does
look good
although agree means got nice and crispy
on the top
where's your shell hey guys yes please
just keep doing that so we ate dinner
and Jared and Rochelle insisted that
they do the dishes and I'm come upstairs
with Missy while she gives Ollie a bath
because Jared and I have kind of been
like locked in my office working on a
lot of cool stuff I'm sorry I abandoned
you don't think the water all in by the
way yes he is eating an apple you guys
look at this belly oh my gosh can I see
your belly can we show it oh look at
that belly oh my gosh oh really
achy all the time okay so Holly where's
your brother right there baby
can you say baby yeah say hi baby that's
your brother your little baby brother
yeah he'll be joining you in there
pretty soon yeah no you do not have a
baby when the kids are away the adults
whoa
Missy made cookies cookies yeah they're
so good these actually turned out really
good too babe how many cookies can you
eat one peanut butter or I understand
that how are you nothing how are you
this skinny bro oh yeah that's two I
remember when we filmed the hey girl
music video we went to that burrito
place you ate that entire burrito and it
was like the size of my thigh yeah I
don't even know how that you were done
for like a week I love when people come
and visit and they know how to play
guitar it's like the coolest so we've
just been staying here jamming I guess
in honor of us seeing pitch perfect
we're gonna sing a little song for you
guys are you ready I got my ticket for
the long way round two bottle whiskey
for the way and not sure would like some
sweet company and I'm leaving tomorrow
what do you say when I'm gone
I know that you guys know we've been
hanging out with Jared and Rochelle or
Nelson at the helm they're gonna be here
for a couple more days but for some of
you guys who don't know who they are
Jared and Rochelle actually wrote the
song for Oliver Oliver song it's called
miracle in the making they wrote that
song and we did a music video for it
I'll have it linked on the screen and in
below in the description so you guys can
watch it Jared and Rochelle are very
talented they have a band called Nelson
at the helm there have been here helping
me a lot with my music and we've just
been like hanging out and like seeing
sort of what comes of it and I basically
have challenged them I said you guys are
talented you guys need to share what you
guys have with the world cuz you are
really you guys are very talented people
so here's the deal you guys right here
in our living room okay this date yes oh
yeah this is happening right now they
are committed to doing a cover on their
channel every week for a full year like
a pop song cover okay any kind of song
like what I need for you guys to do go
over to their channel they
don't have a whole lot of videos up they
have some music videos out so go over to
their channel check out their music
videos and subscribe because I just
think that they could put on such a good
twist - you know music that we listen to
on the radio every single week I think
that's gonna be amazing I'm gonna be
looking forward to it so I want you guys
to just go over to their Channel show
them some love because this is a big
challenge and you guys have to do it now
because I just told 400,000 people ok I
challenge you guys let's do it for a
year committing you guys yes one year
so now that I've challenged them I'm
going to challenge you guys let's get
Nelson at the helm - 5000 subscribers
that's all we could do it you guys and
it would just like I feel like it would
inspire them and it would motivate them
and I want to see new stuff from them
because they're so talented you guys
deserve to have recognition okay thank
you yeah I feel like we can do more than
5000 yes more than 5000 we can do it so
you guys go home next week y'all that'll
be your first week you'll have a cover
up that week and then every week after
that if we can do a video every day for
a year you could put up a cover every
year you guys are - though we just
picked up that guitar and did that song
go check out the house links below in
the description if you guys enjoyed this
vlog give it a thumbs up and let oh here
we go
leave in the comments below what is the
first song that you think Nelson's the
helm should cover alright and you'll get
a shout out okay do it alright we'll see
you guys tomorrow I'm gonna end it who
should i ended arms pretty long is gonna
end it up
you want to gather with us
yes
same right you
everyone
say can you say
it was it sure would I'm sure that's
what it would be
