hey guys guess who is here
I'm really excited because my buddy
Jared Nelson is here from Idaho I wonder
if they thought it was a different Jared
possibly I have lots of Jarrett's in my
life and his lovely wife Rachelle and we
are just eating some lunch and chatting
they just got in that you guys may not
know them some of you may know Jared and
Rachelle and some of you may not but fun
fact is two years ago exactly like if
you go in the description bar and you
click the two year ago link we're
hanging out with Jared in Michelle else
when you guys are in California those
leaked last time I remember you got her
a camera for a late on a state is like
yeah yeah it's right by Mother's Day
yeah I literally the other day I was
going through the two-year vlog and it
was you jumping the church fence to
catch the ravans yeah okay isn't that
crazy and now two years and look at what
it is no I did it I didn't it's weird
it's weird how that happens sometimes
like the one year ago the two year ago
like we're doing the same thing I don't
know you're gonna say that because I was
really going to say that oh really so
Jared and Rochelle are here because
Jared and I are actually going to be
working on some exciting new music
things because you guys don't know this
guy's so talented and actually this
chick is talented so they are Jared and
Rochelle and you guys have a band you
want to say a little bit about it I have
Anders called Nelson at the house pretty
sweet we make music together no II do
like I'm a lot of duets together and
Jade's been songwriting forever and I
had never son in my life and then I
married him and he was like oh PS you
made me and you're in a band you're like
you didn't tell her about the family BAM
it's happening you just need a little
one to hit the cymbal yeah or like shake
the tambourine recently I've been
practicing with two other guys
so we're oh that's cool they also have a
channel here on YouTube so I'll have
them linked below
during the duration of the trip so check
them out they're very talented they have
a couple of music video stuff on iTunes
Yard is basically responsible for all
the new music coming out for me done
thing that
well I I can only get so far though and
then you come in and then he makes it
like magical so this is the guy to think
for this is home and who knew and
definitely future self yeah yeah
producer so he's my producer songwriter
singer artist haha good looking guy yes
please continue
alright guys me and Rochelle are doing
some errands and one thing that I was
supposed to be doing is working on my
passport I have a passport but I haven't
used it in many many years and I
actually have never used it to be honest
I got it when I was like 17 years old
but that's a whole nother story but I
never actually used it yeah I was hoping
to renew my passport I don't really know
what comes what is entailed with
renewing your passport this is the card
but we are planning a trip but I'm
really excited about it so hopefully
that will be soon hopefully we'll be
able to like talk about it soon but I
don't really know what I'm supposed to
be getting and I was the PIO box or the
post office to figure it out and I don't
think they were gonna be very much help
so I'm leaving I'm gonna just call 800
number and hopefully they can help me
check this out we are set up in here
Jared brought all of his stuff including
his Mac Mini so we can even start
producing we've just been sitting here
jamming he's got all his equipment but
then we started hearing Dada Dada Dada
Dada good morning what's up buddy do you
want to jam with us
say hi Jared say hi say can you say
Jared hold I was pretty close come on
buddy let's go
don't look him in the eye don't look at
me I am karma you be good boy
uh I'm gonna be honest karma does not
like Jared I don't know what it is
anytime Jared visits coming freaks out
it's my lap oh it's the job karma you're
just gonna have to get used to it okay
chill so worked up you did that I know
right yeah in Boise all right yeah it is
eyes like an eyeliner he doesn't act
like a prima donna girl anything Carmen
karma and it does sound like a girl he's
got me good girl come are you okay what
okay no Jared and I already start
writing music and now we have a little
audience to judge us I don't really get
to hear this Parker this Milan ah yeah
yeah well it's cause it's because I'm
like Nora
like writing things in my head and I
don't really have a lot to show for it
but now that we have Jared here's your
it as it comes along
yeah it's pretty cool
spend time top of the world or in the
ops of the beautiful ma'am on your
prestige would ever thank you Oh watch
out for your fingers buddy we've been
giving everything to Oliver today to
throw away cuz he's so good at it he's
even been thrown away his own diapers
huh oh you want milk
we got antique a see here she's gonna
watch the little bugger and then all of
us are going out on a double date
oh sure next what ah on the the legal
documents it's all good homie let me
also Jared and I were looking for his
phone cuz we're about to leave and we
found it in Karma's crate cuz Oliver was
playing with it I guess and he put it
right Carly hey Carly hey can we come
again i coming boy hey girl please
what is that kasi like it do you like
beef stew I know he does not he wants
the bridge he likes the French bread
he's like ooh yes hmm
come on ah love you boy mmm
you guys have to give him kisses before
they hey hey La Rochelle your turn Oh
was adorable they said you have a nice
mouth have fun and don't stay out too
late bye ollie
love you boy hi guys we were having
double dates with Jared and Rochelle
just ate a bunch of food at Patsy of
King funshine literally it's my creamy
also I'm like eyes like swelling up
right now this is where the magic is do
you guys have to select it
eyes closed
hey what's yours you have a charming way
with words write a letter this week I
think that was definitely Jared's like
that vintage piece what was yours you
will travel to many exotic places and
learn to look within whoo count as an
exotic when you're from my mind says a
friend will direct your mate
bring me my book I'm pretty sure that
was Jared I love one is of utmost
importance at this time
Oh
Jaron is not happy with his fortune well
important your home is a pleasant place
for which you will draw ah Jared just
got a coffee from Starbucks and they
call them Jerry yeah that is not that
you're right that's not even how you
spell Jerry I know baby it's like Jerry
Nadeau oh yeah yeah that is so funny I
feel like that happens to the best
people at Starbucks we just have the
movie we saw Mitch very cute and it was
awesome I really liked Lula for stole
the show yeah it was really good
although they have even watched pitch
perfect one so what did you guys think
dude I came to represent funny
he's got the German Johnny so anyway
there was good if you guys are wondering
if you could should go see it go see it
it is I had some other youtubers in it
too which I thought was cool ed yeah the
guys from front of talks oh yes anyways
um weird ahead in the bog we had a
really really fun day just hanging out
in jeredy Mike
two songs yeah they worked in a really
fun thing Alison - that's good which is
kind of why they came to just kind of
like get up naughty person kiss event it
can be really hard to like communicate
there like emails and come home like
that so they're real soon anyways go
ahead and the plot I hope you guys
enjoyed it give this video a thumbs up
to get I will see you guys tomorrow
if I should not die in the car
real cars what happened you and kid huh
so Phoenix barely spa ha they never had
much money to spare for the edgy metal
what was damned already bored
guess who knew turn going to a ride
someone very our this is on the real
time gotta get a video up July I wasn't
going with big attach since that done
with my conscience it was never sorry
yeah nobody oh we were singing and she's
so nice
they sit down in all the places we go
down speed overcome by noon and night
changes come you something
