whoa what are you doing hey are you
gonna swim Ali's ticka ticka ticka ticka
ticka ticka ticka ticka yes fanny miss
Kylie says miss Kylie now a swim teacher
say good morning me money that was
probably the closest thing to good
morning that I've heard of long time
yeah we've always talked about that cuz
we set the value good morning you're
like one day he's gonna talk back how do
I always say good morning to him he
never says anything at us for certain
Frankie is a swim hey we're gonna go
swim in
your turn there we go Oh someone's had
enough today thank you Miss Kylie oli is
actually off with Mimi and now endian
Brian's together and we're actually
going to go see a car we've been looking
at cars for months now Brian's been
doing a lot of research on what we want
and what the RET best like option is
best prices just everything all together
we just want to make sure we're making a
good investment into a car that will
last us a while and so I think something
that's just more comfortable than this
I'm safer yes safety was number one yeah
um and so we I think we feel really
confident are we're gonna go try it out
and we've looked at a lot of them but
they're not actually out yet but we've
looked at a lot of like the kinds that
are around it so we're really excited to
go try out the car that's find me here
but we're not getting it today kind of
like me I'm kind of like geeking out he
is I hope I like it cuz if I don't like
it like I'm not getting the car but I
hope I do like it I'm really looking
forward to it um but we won't be getting
it today it won't be for like a couple
months but we're gonna look at it and
hopefully we like it oMG you guys this
is it it's kind of like a midsize SUV
which by Volvo so the safety things are
like awful in shame and it's such a good
size it's got a third row which is good
for carrying people like the kids and
Cassie and all that I don't know if we
can get in there but inside it looks so
slick and look at that it's got a camera
right there it's actually got cameras
all around the car what do you think
miss it's pretty look at this you guys
whoo is it gonna go oh yeah this key
even does the windows how crazy is that
Missy
Wow I love it what do you think of the
space babe really nice and I just like
the entire suit really comfortable yeah
biggest thing is right here yeah look at
that twelve point three inches that's
crazy at twelve inch touchscreen and
look at no 12 3 no hardly any buttons
what are there like 13 buttons on this
thing less yeah yeah some cars I think
30 or 40 more competitors they just had
millions of button yeah they put them
all on the screen high so it makes it a
lot easier I love that screen is easy
holy cow this screen you guys look at
that so I can control all the climate um
say your seat passenger seats
um temperatures that's crazy I like it
about 70 and then then you have to get
you dry camera oh man okay so this this
is crazy
so it has cameras all around the car and
it basically generates an image of where
we are yeah that's so cool
on here on there and then there's one up
front Darrell uh-huh we get a 360 Wow oh
and how do we open this thing who do we
get one of these yes that is beautiful
and then if you want this this is also
laminated so you can roll it and you
still are gonna correct the glass which
is real ha
Lissie we ever had a sunroof or a
moonroof in years I love this too behind
the steering wheel and it just feels so
good yeah my not a Geisha look at that
the map right there that is so cool all
right we're gonna take this baby for a
spin it parks on its own it's really
creepy creepy it's all awesome
nobody does in Reverse and then he just
taps the gas a little bit to look around
and then it says reversed slowly and
look I don't touch the steering wheel at
all much
- camera two
I'm not even touching missing anything
how does it not I don't think I'm
hanging Oh bad for it's not only I got
it I got it
you're there and not make a turn or see
anybody no way it's a look please
all right so we switched Missy's driving
now yes either one is fine No
never should never not be yeah I'm
sitting in the second row it's very
comfortable we got air there air there
by the way Volvo did not pay me to say
all this can I say can you get me in
touch with someone from Volvo how's it
feel babe like it's got power to lay
like that it turns right so that you
don't go oh yeah all right we're headed
back home with our baby
but that smell Prius yeah back areas so
that was very interesting the thing is
about it because there are because we
went to see a Volvo xc90 there are Volvo
xc90 but nothing is like the one that
they just this is a 2016 model and it's
not even released till August yeah so
it's like we kept looking at xc90 s but
they just weren't anything compared to
what we were actually getting so this
one was the first one that they actually
had on lot for us to try and we really
enjoyed it it was definitely a very
interesting car I was a little bit
intimidated by all the special little
features and gadgets and but it is
definitely the safest car you can get
and you can
my car and I think I think it would be a
really great family oh yeah
anything is definitely just where the
future is going like we have to find a
safer way to get around the future is
driverless car so you just get a car and
punch a destination it takes you that is
true it's amazingly is it's gonna happen
because we shouldn't be dying in our
cars we should be we should be safe in
our cars basically all the reviews are
saying like this is the best safest car
you can buy right like people should not
die in this car why whoa what are you
doing kiddo uh-huh earlier like that
dude day Oh careful careful of the edge
of the bed buddy we're getting this room
all ready for our guests which are going
to arrive tomorrow and we're very
excited Missy this is also where Missy
films so she's gonna get a video out of
the way when we have guests over I
usually get kicked out of here I gotta
take all what make about alright just
got done with my bump date and it was so
much fun doing a bump date and listening
to this rate I don't know if you guys
know but is pouring rain outside and
it's just so nice in California it
doesn't rain a lot we always freak out
when it does because it rains I'm sure
other places a lot more but when it does
rain it's just so nice it's just such a
nice change of pace anyways I just got
done with that and now I gotta wash my
sheets and start cleaning up this house
because we have guests coming over in
the morning and this house is not ready
for anyone look at that rain it is
coming down remember when I showed you
guys the rain the other day I was like
it's raining it was like literally
sprinkling that is rain okay I feel like
so many people be like that's not rain
not sprinkling it's not it's raining
okay there's lots of water coming out of
the sky it's filling my pool right now
you want to go outside but you can't cuz
then you'll get all muddy and dirty I
think he would not too long ago but
hopefully it slows down so you can go
potty huh look at
that rain buddy oh yeah the rain what do
you think of it mm-hmm uh-huh
do you like the ring yeah uh-huh
okay now we're just making some dinners
or some pizzas in the oven
I got a Hawaiian and a cheese Missy zom
zom like this thicker crust I know she
likes I put some cilantro all over my
Hawaiian pizza cuz I sounded really
young kept Oh Jim stop like that can you
say pizza okay mom's gonna see that
ollie
you're gonna be in trouble you're gonna
be in trouble
key take a bite
you
it's such a silly boy I know we got our
nature box this month and look what came
many Belgian waffles look at that you
guys it's like a little mini Belgian
waffle cookie oh no will it go like
filler cookies and then another really
awesome thing that I've been snacking on
from my nature box are the dark cocoa
nom noms you guys don't know they're nom
noms are like their Oh cookies which are
sweet and like kind of gooey that night
if I need chocolate I'll just eat one of
these and then so go and if you guys
don't know naturebox is actually really
good to snack on while sitting at the
computer because there's no artificial
sweeteners flavors colors stuff like
that it's made from like wholesome
ingredients which i think is really cool
if you guys want to try out naturebox
you can check out the link below in the
description and they'll hook you up with
some free snacks which is pretty sweet
but anyway I'm just sitting at my
computer finishing up the blog Wally in
that pizza so freakin cute you guys yeah
we had a fun day we're just getting
things ready for our friends to come
this weekend they're gonna be here
tomorrow oh but I'm gonna have a today's
blog I hope you guys liked it if you did
give it a thumbs up if you are new
subscribe cuz we put up videos every
single day and it's free did you know
it's free it don't cost anything hit the
subscribe button but anyway thank guys
for watching
we will share tomorrow
we gotta find
by it
