whose kid is that guess where we are
there's Lucy's hair stuck in the camera
I'll just give that back to you where
Disney yeah look at all the rides and
all the cast members is so much fun
yay Mickey Mouse you're gonna write
phrases Dada da hi we're at Disney this
is the side that no one sees though
where they take your money they're gonna
take my money and this always puts on
Disney iTunes radio what'd we get
if you're looking for a good news new
Radio Disney Princess radio has the best
song you princess dolly is loving this
going to in a couple months and I know
I'm hot you've been you were before me
yeah I make a lot of time I was February
and January and I know some people don't
get to go ever or very often so we're
very lucky but we're excited to get back
cuz we it's been a while we are all
Mickey doubt we got all these Mickey
jacket and he's wearing his Mickey shirt
and he's got his Mickey he's got his
Mickey Cup huh Donald
we have made it we are made it and we're
headed into Disneyland lots of frozen
stuff and I'm excited because miss you
got to see the frozen thing last time
and I did eat that - well he's gonna
love it even more and you were like I
see that a lot in jokes haven't done now
it's all I mean he's really into
something yeah yeah
those flowers of Mickey they mean we've
made it let's go have some fun
Missy just made a good point everything
is sort of decorated like arendelle like
look at this for the lamps ya know
especially with a little little crystal
in there it's cool every time we come
here there's something different like
the way they decorate it or the things
they have it just makes it really fun
Halloween yeah Halloween and Christmas
are really cool we've stumbled upon a
room with lots of frozen art Oh Missy
these are like the clay models of Elsa
and Anna do you know how they do it they
make a clay model and then they scan it
in a computer and they're able to like
mold a little easier these are probably
them yeah get those Olaf and span and
Krista ha do you see that buddy they use
those to make the movie
we have all this really really cool art
up here too
the conceptual stuff
and here's concept art from actual
frozen so there's like an honor and an
Elsa look at Olaf Olaf looks like he did
when they first thought of him up you
know yeah I love stuff like this like
the behind-the-scenes stuff of the movie
set
normally you don't get to see it's
really cool cos Disney likes to show up
all the time
the fangirls have surrounded Minnie
Mouse she's quite popular and there's
mr. Donald Duck all you see Donald we
are definitely right they are definitely
changing a lot of things into frozen
look at what Aurora's Castle they turned
it into arendelle it's all blue and they
got the banners up looks cool we're at
the dolly holiday for lunch which is the
one with the yellow like yellow and
white I know they do it at this place I
have been actually really enjoying this
place every time go to Disneyland
because they have this grilled cheese
with this tomato soup and it is jolly
holiday calm it's really good like I
really enjoyed it I feel like I crave it
now every time
like you have to go there for lunch yeah
it's it's very mild and Brian it's got a
turkey sandwich and oli just eaten one I
got tons of snacks in here you guys oh
yeah never can be too safe but there's
tons of food from you and you have to
feel why yes it's true like time takes a
while to actually get going yeah okay
now we're gonna eat
we're in started first ride has to be
Pirates of the Caribbean three Holly
don't be scared okay can you say say
pirate we got the front of the boat
pretty sure we're back
we are headed in to the petting zoo
which was never actually experienced
we've never been in here just look at
the goats to sit on the barrel for them
yeah they're taking a break over here I
was just saying this is like yeah you
guys should see the garden so please
look at this dope collar it's wearing
like set it out oh just like it it's
touch and feel book miss hi yeah any
cool
that guy is big I know all right we have
made our way over to California
Adventure and we are going to frozen fun
Holly where we at
peace a frozen yeah this is weird it's
like we're walking the halls of
arendelle right now oh this is so cool
we're going into like a little frozen
sing-along that's all he's going to
whose kid is that
what are you doing eat you could he be
any cuter
did he just watch again
Wow oli you got yourself a little
defender
you're not supposed to be on stage yet
come on let's go and legs like gone away
and now we're not I wish you may tell me
one
can't hold it back anymore let it go let
it go I can't wait slammed the door what
they're going to say let the storm
you see it's the anniversary only met
and I want to give her a present
something special most flowers or
chocolate
knowing buddy
all right we just left the frozen fun
thing which was really cool and now we
are walking along the pier and we're
gonna go see if we can find woody so
that Oliver can meet woody because he's
really been into Toy Story and he really
likes woody
Thank You woody what are you guys
bye-bye mr. Buzz Lightyear in the flesh
look at that maybe heard of Mewtwo
before he knows YouTube see look he's
doing that thumbs up right and thumbs up
that's what you're supposed to be doing
yeah no we'll get wicked wicked wicked
wiggling it
oh he just pushed his button just don't
push his laser button oli
Thank You mr. light here Holly you met
buzz-buzz knew about YouTube you guys he
must watch he must get on the youtubes
when Andy's away right I bet he loves
watching toy reviews ice cream swag
it's heist biter
um you love that don't you buddy like
yes yes I do
look at that tired sleeping baby right
now he's so out they just bought us
bread too so that means it's a good
restaurant right hello all of our
sleeping we're gonna go ahead and get
some food and relax before our long
drive home but I'm gonna go had an end
today's vlog if you guys enjoy it give
it a thumbs up and if you're not
subscribed
yeah it is funny I take good cheer DC
jack take a chip marks on me all the way
here right after dinner
come on Olli
