got a good nap ha
finally hi hey Willy why are you frozen
are you froze Holly move Oliver why you
throw sniffing Holly are you okay okay
what is doors not right now
did you fall asleep standing up we're
his doctors women now we are checking
with that little clip where he kind of
leaned out my dock what his doctor
thinks she didn't really like the way it
looks and she what she was concerned so
she did order in eat treats me out babe
check out we're gonna get him the EEG
that's a little disturbing and a little
scary to think that something's wrong
but good that we caught it
good morning little fishy
how's my little hashtag Bruce Norbert
doing oh what's with the pouty lip
what's with the pouty lip hashtag
seriously though look at that party lip
he's got he's so majestic
oh I see food you need the food nope
nope nope you're full hey guys and
welcome to another day of our life this
is what's happening we woke up and I got
some work done in my office which was
nice we got ollie down for a nap and
Missy and I are sitting here we just ate
lunch which was amazing and Missy has
something really gross she wants to show
you guys I did not want to say no you
want to show them you have to show them
well like I said last week we're not a
bunch of walks and I got a really really
really bad blister oh well the blister
is gone healed yeah it doesn't hurt
anymore but but I have this left over
and I don't know what to do with it oh
geez oh geez oh it's really gross it's
just like hanging dead skin and I don't
doing lipid do I don't pull it well if
it goes with it I told her just like
tape it down with a band-aid how about
you maybe it'll just heal back on and
just like glue itself yeah skin today we
have an interesting day a busy one you
want to tell him what we're doing so
today is finally the day we're taking
all in for his EEG which is basically a
way that they're going to look at his
brain and see whether or not that one
time when he kind of froze was actually
a seizure or not I'm a little nervous on
whether or not he's gonna sit still
because they sick these things to his
head and we're probably gonna put like a
movie on he'll sit with me will bring
his blankie stuff like that I don't know
if he's gonna sit through it and I'm not
going to stress too much about it
because I have not seen anything any
kind of
since then it's not like a dire
emergency and it not see him like like
stop sometimes I guess he spaces out for
as long as he did that one time though
yeah I don't know I'm not going to
stress out though because I don't want
I'm not going to traumatize him over
this information and last I saw like we
need this information I was I'm not
gonna like totally freak out but I'm
excited to go there and hopefully seek
answers it's our little one has just
woken up so we're gonna get him out of
bed and get him some lunch before we
leave hello my little prince how are you
buddy
yep
your dad I came to save you come on yep
let's go see mama Prince Ali fabulous
Ali Ababwa okay let's go see mama
Mickey's in the his house this is Ali's
new best friend he loves that
Mickey Cup don't you boy can you say
Mickey yeah haha hey do you want to go
see Mickey later this week
the real Mickey says I'm fun yeah say
yes all right we are on our way and I've
got all kinds of things for backup like
allowed to like watch something like
that yes they wanted me to like skip his
naps make him as tired as possible like
that'll just make him proud and pissed
off and I just really didn't want to
risk it so I was like I'm just gonna
have him be in a good mood and he'll
totally relax if we put like a movie on
so we've got his blankie because
obviously that is something that he
loves got the iPad which is currently
charging it's got lots of movie Shrek
frozen Toy Story like all the movies you
could have and I brought lots of book
so that we can maybe read books while
he's sitting there and then I got lots
of snacks and a cup of milk are you
feelin
oh you want to go see Papa you're gonna
get your brain scanned buddy
can you say brain okay you're gonna be
good
hey yes yes
he says sass yes guys I think it was saw
the traffic I wasn't really paying
attention and I got super nauseous put
my hand right now that infinite I speed
it up behind me and I got it all over my
pants like literally I'm not even joking
I really pissed actually I can't believe
that happened like I'm 17 weeks pregnant
you've got to be joking me right now
well Missy found a new pair of shorts
because she puked on other ones at Rite
Aid these are the only shorts they sell
yes this one is only good fine but they
said they work I go kinda ridiculous
you know myself something like this like
starving out and hit - all right we were
at the place just waiting to head in all
he's been in such a good mood while he's
watching our vlog yeah
he was watching Jackson butt and all the
birdies out the window yeah kind of
look at my person today we got a little
couch and a lamp and mom and Ollie are
just gonna watch Shrek
that's all Ollie oh jeez it's gonna be
tough
really over let's check trap
processing
my partner you definitely stick that
side okay he is not even flinching
there's his brain activity okay we broke
out the Apple Jacks threes munching on
those yeah he did pretty good though
yeah I guess you got 20 more minutes
he is free from all the cords you did so
good buddy he's gonna need it back yes
that is kind of goopy all right we are
cleaning them up now Ollie I'm so proud
of you you did such a good job buddy oh
it's okay do they do that flashing light
because some people actually to like
flashing light they'll cease if they're
prompted seizures so that was just part
of the test that they did and they were
scanning us all his brain activity
let's go brave little boy we're gonna
get some food in you now okay he did
snack the entire time on Apple Jacks and
raisins keep saying he's hungry so and
this girl's hungry and we are at a bad
time for traffic so we're going into the
outback to get Chom Chom Chom krub
this guy did show good I'm so proud of
my brave little boy you're gonna get you
a 16 ounce ribeye okay cuz you did so
good today
Oh
he's all giggles tonight
this is what happens when mama gets a
package in the mail he doesn't like it
he's like no no don't step on it after a
long day we are home we are home Olli
and you're so excited about the bubble
wrap yay hey kiddo how's it going
you trying to get a drink Oh flashy you
know that splashy splashy that stuff
that they put on his head to hold the
little things on Oh gross and so sticky
nasty so now we're home we're getting
them all washed up
let's get that nasty junk out of your
hair bro that come out pretty easily
with shampoo I don't want to say yet oh
if it's pretty much throughout an entire
head yeah that was really the worst part
that like upsetting the most is us
trying to scrub it out of his hair huh
so I'm sure to come out of shampoo but
over there so easy just you guys know it
will be two weeks before we hear
anything about the results from this
test yeah well let you know as soon as
we do um honestly like obviously it's
something to worry about it's something
that like it's scary to think about so
we're just keeping our hopes up in nurse
we're okay like it's everything's fine
I'm sure like the biggest thing is does
he need medication yeah and to be honest
with only seeing one episode I probably
wouldn't put him on medication yeah yes
well they're not sure if absence
seizures relate to epilepsy yet also
yeah couldn't it couldn't basically
amoenus and I don't know it it's just it
we just need to get more information
once we know more information then we'll
start making more decisions and for
every kind it's definitely hard to get
out really is that the I using the
honest shampoo yeah smells good yeah and
I just appreciate everyone praying for
us and oli at his visit to make sure
that he stays still and does good and he
did really
so the prayers worked oh splashing we're
gonna get all they all washed up and
then put them to bed so we're gonna go
ahead and end today's vlog I hope you
guys enjoyed it you did click that
thumbs up button and we will see you
guys and yeah I remember of the like
fire
helps hides I was really getting by but
your eyes lie you decided to take a
chance take a chance on me who knew who
knew
yeah
