whoa looks like crossing the canyon huh
buddy
good morning guys look at that look at
that that's Hawaii right there it's
amazing we are going to get the keys to
the car so that we can go to breakfast
yep
Ali is very excited aren't you ollie ah
that's a good way to get your kid to run
but yesterday I did it and then he
tripped on a branch and got really muddy
so domestic doing it indoors from now on
yeah
do a knock at the door no mission
accomplished
you hear that it's a beautiful day in
the neighborhood and it's wedding day I
thought you guys like didn't go in for a
wedding wedding that's kind of what I've
been thinking to the Pascal day so we
could have to go to a wedding right
today's the big day
Ali's gonna crash it and just know it oh
you see the birdies yep is that bird
over there is that bird over there
oh I see there is little chickens
we just have breakfast this was an eggs
benedict this was a well shaped pancake
and this is probably one of the best
biscuits and gravy ever huh
that crazy that's really a biscuit some
gravy for being on an island if I could
be on an island with only one food I
would choose biscuits and gravy what
about you see some of that it's good I
promise
good job see that Olly
if you guys didn't see my lyric video
it's up from her near we blow the
description holly approves like it we've
been doing hair all day actually did my
cousin's earlier jessica because she's a
bridesmaid and then I did Bailey's hair
she's a flower girl now it's my turn my
mom's blow-drying my hair I hate to dry
my hair I just don't do it I just let it
air dry so but I kind of need it to be
blow-dried so I can actually make it
look good for the wedding I look a
little raggedy right now getting ready
for the wedding and I'm excited to go
all he's napping which is good hopefully
he sleeps good so that he's not too
grouchy for the wedding up she's been
doing your hair for like three hours
look at all that big hair who are you
gonna leave it like that babe it looks
so big and poofy look at them tan lines
you look so cute it's actually babe I'm
wrong you don't look cute
sorry you look look at all this hair you
see your hairpin it's like yeah it's
great we're getting ready for I almost
had prom almost a promising we're
getting ready for the wedding and this
is like the only nice shirt I brought
apparently I thought I brought a couple
more but I guess it just wasn't thinking
about the wedding I was thinking about
activities you can hang it out
occasionally nothing about vacationing
in Hawaii yeah so I'm just wearing this
nice collared shirt some black shorts
all these sleeping is taking a very long
nap so we're just waiting for him to get
up oh good morning
you got to wake up kid we got to get you
ready for the wedding like three hours I
know he did tells a very long nap
like I needed it
you
yeah Holly we're worried about the
snacks I think you can't get any mama
help okay there we go and we have
arrived look at all of us dapper folk
already we got Mimi and Papa here
looking good
mama and Olly where are we going Olly do
you know where we're going we're going
over here yep yeah the day of love I
love you oh I still love you
we're going to my cousin species wedding
and he was the ring ring bearer in my
mind your guys's wedding Wow ring bearer
and Jessica with our guide yes
Wow saying look at this boy you look
very dapper CJ are you in the wedding
what are you doing there you're the ring
bearer did you know that Casey was the
ring bearer in Susanne's and Jim's
wedding and that crazy stop yeah Ali
just running off Holly stay within the
parking lot area
it does not envy it does not boast it is
not proud does not dishonor others it is
not self-seeking it is not easily
angered it keeps no record of wrongs
love does not delight him evil but
rejoices with the truth it always
protects always trusts always hopes
always preserves love never fails over
all these virtues put on love which
binds them all together in perfect unity
see what did you think about that
ceremony all right
no school right the conch shell myself
what happened in your life I like it
I look at the lion
you
alright guys we just had a great time at
the wedding finally did what we came
here for and we had a lot of fun like
Casey my cousin reminds me a lot of my
brother there he doesn't really talk a
lot but he's a really nice guy he's
really sweet and he found literally the
perfect girl for him because they are
like exactly the same and we had a lot
of fun but we're gonna go ahead and head
back and go to sleep because we're
exhausted so I hope you guys enjoyed it
give the ball a thumbs up for love
because today was a day of love if you
guys don't know Brand lyric video for
who knew is up on his channel we'll have
it linked down below just check it out
video party animal so tired okay we have
a really fun day plan for tomorrow so
don't miss it I will see you guys
tomorrow who you are we're old and out
of this town and all the places
we'd overcome who knew
Oh
we tell
and all the crowd
we would have found
and if everyday you tell me what it
believed you don't know
Oh
