and none of this can mean all the places
go now who use the troubles we'd
overcome
I waited too
Oh
good morning you guys who knew music
video came out today I'm freaking out
six thousand likes already oh my gosh so
going through comments I'm just like oh
this is so cool you guys seriously thank
you guys so much for an amazing release
of this music video it means the world
to me I was so excited to share with you
guys I totally am just like so proud of
it because it's it's Missy and I you
know it's the story of Missy and I as
teenagers just finding young love all of
a sudden and it's just really always
your support is insane for me just
because this is gonna provide so many
more opportunities to do cool things of
stuff that I love to do and I just I
think that's one of the coolest
blessings in the world that I get to
wake up every day and do something that
I love to do it's crazy I'm standing
here yeah I just know how you start the
vlog Bryan let's go we're out and about
if you didn't hear the sound in the car
it was ridiculous because we have the
windows down because I may have left my
chain so gross
I feel like I'm sitting in egg noodle
sauce okay but it does not gross I will
admit that but it's not fried it was
just overnight in a cool car it's fine
today's been like a such an exciting day
my video went up his video and out the
daily winner just so many videos today I
know three good I really do what fun
I really loved how my video turned out I
said how to like to am working on it
yeah and she ended up putting the wrong
thumbnail and
scheduling it on the wrong date I
noticed it went down to her computer and
fix it all for ya thank ya I wouldn't
have been Optus I it would have been
looked weird but I love how it turned I
feel like it I really was able to kind
of pull it together
and I think you did good too it's
different and I think just the insight
from your mom is really commercial I
really love that she was in it and she
did a really good job and I'm proud of
her but anyways we need to get some
groceries and get a few errands done and
we got a present for your mom for
Mother's Day she doesn't know where also
I took in the trash cans today we were
not the last ones yeah there was someone
out there with trash cans awesome I was
like you guys Brian just ran in to get
me a chicken noodle soup at Panera and
it's raining that you see those
sprinkles this is an exciting day it
rarely rains in California look at those
sky that's a gray sky it is actually
quite chilly as you can see I have a
sweater on today Ollie what's up there
there is a ball up there did you guys
see that it's a camera it's easy there's
a ball oh yeah so cool me and him are
just walking through Home Depot and
Brian's actually in the car on a phone
call and so we're just walking through
here and he's just messing with
everything
aren't you oh that's what Papa does love
this store I used to hang out here a lot
a lot with him that's not Papa's oh no
all right we ordered what we need to
Mimi if you're watching this I really
hope you like your new collection of
chainsaws that we got you from Home
Depot I think you're gonna find a lot of
use for up back at the car with the baby
KCM hi hi oh you got snacks you're happy
now huh oh
maybe not so much all right you guys I
am doing a live chat we got a B wave
wave a B yay and we got le what up guys
oh they're blogging me Emily the
official vlogger fair babysitter and
Sarah say hi Sarah we basically are just
doing a cool at all Google live hangout
and I actually was able to invite some
you guys it actually worked
so it's cool cuz I just get to chat with
them about the who new music video so
what'd you guys think it was pretty good
yay thank you guys so much Holly is
being a little crazy guy he's eating his
food and we are chatting with some more
people we got Emma here oh hey and we
also got Kayla and we have Lucia and we
have Mr Scott Sandler haha and Tristan I
remembered your name thank you guys so
much for being on the live chat with me
and talking about the video thank you
guys for the support thank you of course
he's tickling the world right now you
just tickled 600 people ally what are
you saying
yeah they can rap no hi papa
Papa's watching this right now so the
original plan was always a Cena
Brian was gonna do the lifetime and I
was gonna do groceries and then to make
dinner we could eat and then we gonna
walk and that was the plan but all he
ruined it
he did not want it which made it so he
was a little bit grouchy and uh haha
Papa where are you know why are we doing
this I like dial this is my favorite Oh
anyone have a favorite aisle and if it
you do is it this one
yeah
wicked
Oh
I waited too
Oh
your mom gets you and we're at Target
you want the ball buddy we've never
gotten a mobile that big actually we did
get one they don't last long in our
house because of karma you want a battle
you want a paddle back to you huh
he's like my arms aren't long enough all
I can do is play defense Oh got you
again good job high five for five years
we're eatin dinner we got just chicken
and I made these sweet roasted sweet
potatoes which turned out really good
and Missy made noodles but I wasn't in
the mood for noodles shut the door all
right guys that is all for today's vlog
I want to give a very big thank you to
all of you guys who have checked out the
new music video you guys made it a huge
success we passed over 10,000 likes on
it in just the first couple hours so I
think that's really amazing thank you
guys so much if you did not see Missy's
Mother's Day video or the music video I
have both a link to it down below in the
description and I'm gonna go ahead and
end it here so I hope you guys enjoyed
today's bug you did give it a thumbs up
thumbs up if you're getting dizzy like
me
all right
we would take us everywhere oh don't
read the carts oh yeah
