all is still not a fan
lady
good morning we are headed to Hawaii we
are all positioned we're about to take
off
oli is watching frozen very happy are
you happy
do you like it me me and pop are close
by in case we need them and we're about
to take off to Maui baby I wish our
flight
we don't have a deal that everyone take
one everyone gets an hour of watching
all it yeah there's and look at what
we're leaving right it's raining out
there
come on and it's nice and warm and
sunlight and black our summers on
you
you
we made it look at this
we just got off the plane and this is
what we're looking at now really so
beautiful yeah
you ready Olly yeah
he said yeah Missy he never says yeah
we're gonna have some Hawaiian
adventures Aloha
look at that guy's it's our first
official welcome sign this is where we
get laid
look at that we've all been late I guess
yes and in Rome you're happy with my
guys like do I have to pay the price yes
you do
ours are fake yeah we got really big
smell really good and they're actually
really nice on your neck Brian they're
like cool the level feels really good in
the word weather reward out here yeah
it's really nice we're all they never
have a cold rainy in here yeah it was a
perfect change grabbing our car now
we're gonna head door
whoa we have a rod yes ready to see our
place we stayed up for a while here in
Hawaii Maui Maui Hawaii okay
Missy's gonna give a little bit of tour
I sold I'm gonna say my psyche huggy hi
huggy pilot Chi Chi Chi Chi we're still
working on finishing Hawaiian words oh
yeah okay um this is our front door and
it in turns right into our full kitchen
we've got a nice Island
I think it's fully clip with quick oh
really excellent everything yeah no kind
of fridge we are going to Walmart and
grab a few groceries we with you oh yeah
this is look at nicer kitchen than ours
at home cool
oh and then we have a little dining room
table opens anybody present bars hey
Olli did you are you playing with the
remotes and we got a dining room table
which is pretty cute and now we have our
living room which counted about me yeah
it looks so comfy air conditioner which
is crankin yeah it's hot in here
first bedroom my friend better mess up
his cool door clip
ooh it's got that bus yeah and dresser
and a closet we're still unpacking right
here into our bathroom
Oh washer and dryer is so close
looking for that was like maybe you
don't have one yay I'm seriously gonna
be doing laundry do laundry while on
vacation that's when it comes in here is
just the bathroom got a nice big tub
like oh wow that's cool
Clendon darling oh I see you already got
to the toilet paper
yeah thanks dude bath first part and
then it's actually a door here that goes
back into the kitchen back in this
kitchen and then you come over here come
on Ollie I like coming through it's
basically always part of the house so
just storage places and then this is his
this is his Bachelor Pad
he's got fridge coffeemaker microwave
he's already unpacked three dang you got
bed just need to get a crib in here up
get your hand does about it what oh he
didn't put them in that we're good but
well just got your own bathroom even
dude that's so cool
hey very nice then the best thing of all
that I missed hang on this way we call
it this way outside of both the living
room and the main bedroom is our balcony
and a ocean look at that oh my gosh
we can walk right down there to the
beach uh-huh it's a beautiful beach I've
actually heard that it's one of the best
beaches this is like picture-perfect
over here you guys can you believe this
there's the mountain
palm trees ocean Wow and they go in
extends all the way down here yeah yeah
we're gonna practice that and that's all
these ports right there it's his own
private everything
these are spoiled little boy oh and then
we also have really nice beautiful pools
I'm so afraid of him oh I know this is
weird cuz it's like see-through so it's
all scare them well thank you yeah right
over there yeah big ol pool and spa area
definitely has the beach like right now
so yeah this is amazing you ready to
party ring ring ring ring ring into the
phone is someone calling you gonna leave
a little note it's okay miss he's
leaving a message ring ring ring ring
ring ring ring
he loves phones he every time we go into
hotel he goes straight to the phone I
already hunt hug to all them go freeze
Ted calls oh really
all right we've met up with Jessica CJ
Bailey Bailey say hi hi he's really into
those two yes yes we are walking down to
the beach it looks amazing I'm so
excited it's like a walk I know like I
saw her room up there oh he's dead he's
like this is dumb walk cut it on the
beads I'm really excited to fill the
water so cool it took us maybe like two
minutes to get to the beach how cool is
that
why do you remember what that is Olly he
doesn't like it he doesn't like this
head here we go
how's it feel oh yes yes oh okay oh
you're covered in cheetos bailey all is
still not a fan
it is hot this is probably 85 degrees
fav
he's happy nice and protected by papa
we have now moved on to the pool because
ollie is happy he's like Meeks no yeah
Missy having your phone by the pool
that's kind of kind of freaky oh my gosh
oh no I dropped your phone
we just got the lifeproof case for Missy
Walt so a while in Hawaii she could take
pictures in the pool and I'm worried
about I can go down to the ocean in the
sand and not like what's going on over
there
stop Jessica's video I'll he's so much
happier in the pool you know he
literally was like laughing anybody
anybody would enjoy depression yeah I'm
gonna do a full depression at the time
he's gonna have to get used to it I am
gonna be hanging out at the beach mm-hm
that's some good climbing buddy look
what we got for ya Pizza I'll sit on
your bottom sit on your bottom good job
it was just ordered a pizza tonight for
dinner we're getting pizza yeah
something filling and we're gonna go to
bed really early because we're really
tired
we pretty stinkin exhausted night-night
oli I love you wait
okay he's walking into his bachelor pad
I love you buddy all right guys we are
watching the sunset as you can see it's
about to coat below the cloud and I
don't think we're gonna see it go below
the ocean cuz the big cloud there look
at you though
I love it I love that we get to watch
the subject cloud Fontenot friend is a
gonna be editing out here tonight right
this is my dog this is his office right
now always passed out fastly he
literally was like I'm going to bed I'm
tired which we're all exhausted it's
basically like 9:30 news time so I'm
hoping she doesn't wake up at like 3:00
in the morning over here hopefully this
fog up looks as fast as possible because
we don't have a great but we're gonna
log off either way I hope you guys
enjoyed our very first Maui vacation log
ruin some stuff in you did and
tomorrow's going to be tons of typing
and so will the rest to me we're really
excited through an edit and we'll see it
through
in all the places we go now
cause we'd overcome
and we've worked out
a new life we would find
and if there
you tell me what I do we just can't see
in the
