like that we're going to travel and all
fours
if there's no way hey guys good morning
I'm gonna do something real fast and I
know it's gonna be annoying and it's
gonna make you feel nauseous and I just
got a tweet just bear with me okay oh
okay
does that make you feel dizzy why did I
do that I feel even busier oh I was
trying
oh hang on am i throw up I was trying to
give you guys an example of how I felt
all it's wearing off wearing off hang on
this morning I have been so dizzy like
vertigo dizzy like the room is spinning
and I feel nauseous and sick it's sucked
and I don't know if I ever talked about
this but while we were on vacation
basically my ears were messed up the
entire trip and it started with the
plane ride after we got on the plane you
know your ears popping you're in the air
they didn't pop when we landed and so
like I was totally like disoriented and
my ears like we're hurting and then we
went scuba diving that probably messed
them up even more they honestly just
been like messed up this whole time like
I could barely hear things out of this
year and I can hear myself like
magnified whenever I talk which is
really annoying so I don't even know I
could probably have been talking
completely different for the last week
or two and since we've been home it kind
of been like flaring up like getting red
and hot and they
to touch but then it like goes away and
that's happened like two or three times
which I know usually means your swimmers
here but I didn't think I had swimmers
here but not thing about I was in the
ocean a lot and then this morning I just
I woke up so dizzy and disoriented and
out of it Missy made me a doctor's
appointment so I'm going to the doctor's
about an hour and hopefully they can
give me something and check them out to
make sure that they're not completely my
stuff I hate going to the doctor so you
guys I'm so afraid I'm going to go to
the doctors and then they're going to
say yeah we're gonna have to do surgery
and chop your ears off like that's
something I actually think about good
morning guys well I will park myself it
is the afternoon I have been kind of
being lazy today just yesterday was
actually really crazy for me I like
jumped out of bed and was off to
doctor's appointment just making phone
calls and stuff like that today I was
just like I'm gonna take it easy my body
like really hurt actually yesterday I
had some really bad pains in my stomach
I think just a lot of like stretching
and think like realm ligaments I don't
really know I'm trying to take it easy
and not pressure myself because I feel
like sometimes us moms we pressure
ourselves to like get ready and do her
makeup and look pretty
sometimes you just you don't want to
that's okay anyways always just woke up
from his nap and he I think it's doing
better let's check on him
hello munchkin how you feeling you feel
pretty good hi oh yeah leggy we got a
little wedgie how you been feeling karma
you're my way you kiss me snap how you
feeling
yeah
um he actually did really good last
night I was expecting it to be like a
really really bad night so I was like
preparing myself to be up like all night
he definitely struggled till around
midnight we kind of kept coming in and
out of the room rocking him and at one
point I even ended up picture just
bringing him downstairs watching a movie
with him and cuddling on the couch um
and I just came in here often to check
on him to make sure he was okay he did
really good though he really didn't like
wake up cried cough come here come here
I think he's better I think it could
definitely definitely still hear some
breathing and some coughing
but he's been taking his medicine and so
I think he's definitely getting better
he just ran off I think he's headed to
the bathroom
oh no he's headed to Mama's makeup this
is the best room in the house huh
so forbidden it's the funnest thing yep
you're so silly so you're feeling good
should we just rest still today I think
I'm still going to have a rest today
though so that we can get all the way
better not go backwards at all sound
good you wanna go watch a movie and hang
out so I just got out of my doctor's
office and he didn't find any infection
inside of my ears
which is a good thing even though I was
almost certain there was some kind of
infection so they were getting really
painful but yeah I've been dealing with
a lot of sinus and like coughing and I
deal with that all the time and I never
really thought about it but he says
basically I have very bad allergies and
from now on I should probably be taking
like as their tech pill every day so he
gave me like an allergy pill and like
Nate nasal spray so yeah that's what
happens when you go to the doctor you go
to the doctor and then for the rest of
your life you have to take this little
stupid pill I hate it but I will
probably enjoy much better because my
head and my nasals and my sinus and it's
this is all usually not very clear and
I'm usually like fighting through it so
hopefully that'll be good Holly you just
were telling me a yo mama joke because
definitely your mama
I like your mama we're just trying to
chill out I heard Hawaii freezin yeah he
was fine like two seconds ago what is
going on remember how we were just gonna
put on puss and booth I thought I would
get this movie because he loves the cat
and Shrek if you love Shrek and I
thought dog be really fun to get Puss in
Boots huh maybe once we're tired of
Shrek shut off yep Puss in Boots
whenever the cat comes on on Shrek he's
like doesn't want the cat to go away he
like cries if it gets off goes off
scream hello mister snacky pants what do
you got mom hooked you up with the
snacks yeah pop a squat let's see
you got Apple Jacks and raisins are
those yummy yeah Mike can you say nom
nom nom nom nom nom nom
you're so cute buddy I think he's
digging to get only the raisins I know I
just wanted to give them reasons but he
bade me for Applejack yeah only raisins
can I have a raisin or an apple jack I
don't care he's like I'm not pickin
Applejack thanks boy you're such a good
sharer how you film today pause how was
he when he woke up he's good he's doing
a lot better yeah yeah we got him on
steroids
yes so you know what that means he's
gonna get I'm gonna good strong oh we're
gonna go to Target and pick up my
prescriptions now I have to take three
pills a day Missy three well not three I
have ear drops I have a nail spray and a
pill for the ear devil literally they're
going in every hole on my face that's
what happens when you go to the doctor
you know basically I'm gonna have to
take an allergy pill for the rest of my
life I'm so tired of mucus that is
around his I completely understand I
just don't want to take a pill for the
rest of my life I think that sucks I
know but I mean you never know maybe
something else with horror on Brian's
making us some mashed potatoes and steak
tonight I ate that's kind of what I
really wanted we're making a lot of
chicken lately and I don't know I'm just
and fish yeah kind of wanted something a
little bit harder tonight oli is playing
with his broken ukulele by the way this
uh came and it's definitely like four
looks because you cannot tighten them by
turning these or anything so is it did
you put a ball in there no I don't think
so but yeah it's kind of a bummer cuz he
loves it so much but it definitely is
one of the cheaper ones if there's
nothing in here here play with it there
is no ball in there oh wait oh you're
right there is a pond there it's in
there somewhere
I heard it oh oh it's a golf ball oh my
god
yes that compass uh-huh oh my god barely
packs
okay Olli no more putting the ball in
the ukulele got it yeah it's a pretty
ball but don't put in the ukulele all
right Olli
your room has been pretty much a
disaster for the past couple days and
I'm pretty much done looking at it so
we're gonna try and organize it a little
bit I thought you guys might want to
watch us do it because I find not to be
fun to do all right we're gonna clean up
okay let's clean up decided to take a
chance take a chance on me who knew
who
now it's so organized so you can play
with one toy and then you can put it
back and you can get another toy that's
the plan okay just not mood to organize
things what do you think can you play
with one toy at a time like not really
and voila
final product steak veggies taters good
staff all he's having a little bit
different potatoes and chicken what do
you have potatoes they're yummy
hey moron your fork you go tryam you'll
like come second not sure about that
guys oh hey don't make a mess you want a
blueberry
no he's just fasting today you want some
chicken
oh that's a good idea I met daddy yummy
Cassie figured out the other day that
he's kind of on to something because he
claims that everything is a ball but if
you think about it everything is a ball
because everything is made out of little
balls because atoms are balls smart kid
yeah he's Virginia sweet hey we got a
little lost
oh you see the Ducks the duck you save
duck yeah we're walking Matt was like
turn on this street and this tree we're
just like a golf course we're like okay
we're a little worried that we're going
to traffic let the golf course if
there's no way out we're going to go the
other way the other way we're gonna be
walking like five miles tonight so I'm
Plus as you can see that Sun is going
down and it's going down fast so we find
a way out so let you know we make it out
of the golf course but I do really enjoy
walking next to a lake that's pretty
cool yeah
he was technically rocker they didn't
lock it very well we made it out alive
how're some subdivision to figure out a
giveback from here but I think it'll be
easier than it was inside of a golf
course all right we just finished our
outdoor walk a hundred and ten percent
complete these are walking times look it
even tells us the weather when we were
walking we walked 2.21 miles took us 45
minutes and we burned 318 total calories
to an intent active but who average
heart rate 112 which is pretty good I'll
need some really cool like each freezers
yeah Mike yeah that'd be lots of like
activities I think we just have to go
farther
could I be fun well guys my office is
somewhat clean I think I cleaned it up a
little it's a lot nicer I put up a white
board I know this is kind of ironic that
there is a white board on my chalkboard
but I have to paint over the chalkboard
so I'm using this little white board and
I don't know if you can see but there's
some sort of concept on it something
that I've been working on in my head for
a while feels good to draw it out so I
can take notes and stuff it's really
early though to talk about anything I
probably shouldn't say anything miss he
hates whenever I do this because I'm
talking before I'm really allowed to
there's always just cool things that I
like aspire to do have always aspired to
do I've always wanted to work on that
now I kind of have the opportunity to do
so so I've been working on some really
cool things and I feel like for the
first time in years I can do something
that I love and I think YouTube is great
for that because anyone can do what they
love and like translate it into like
YouTube form you know what I mean
that's why YouTube is so cool because
it's so different so many people have
different hobbies and lifestyles and
they get to show them off and I think
that's really cool but anyway with that
said I'm gonna go ahead and end today's
vlog we had
a really fun day and I hope you guys
enjoyed it thumbs up and see this mom
goodbye just hoping for the best
I was a boy with big intentions the
world on my chest we never seem to have
much left to spare or we would take us
everywhere oh yeah we proven out of this
town in all the places
oh now
