who knew it is very hot steaming here as
you can see on the mirror there we go
oh good morning guys
poor Olly woke up with a fever this
morning so Missy's gonna go ahead and
take him to the doctors and see they can
fix him but we gave him a little bit of
medicine and he attacked this but now I
think he just once down he went down hmm
yeah it's okay butters what fishy you
want to see the fish
say hi fish yeah you want to feed him
I've got some food in here go ahead and
feed him can you feed him good job
say hi fishy yeah look he's eating it
you made him feel better now we gotta
make you feel better okay hey Jim poor
buddy all right we're gonna get you
dressed
that was mama flew round in the backyard
yep
gonna get you dressed and then she's
gonna take you to the doctor okay
there you go you're all cute now
how are you smiling with a fever how are
you doing that that's right that's death
day yeah I'm your daddy
keV up oh it's okay mmm all right guys I
just got back from the doctor's with
Ollie and they basically confirmed that
he definitely has croup which is really
scary basically just kind of affects his
Airways and makes it difficult for him
to breathe and COFF and it's not fun so
I'm actually headed in to get him his
medicine and we have a cool humidifier
but I I think the warm humidifiers
worked better so I'm gonna grab a warm
humidifier my poor little guys got croup
what are we gonna do with you ollie oh
you want to cuddle on the couch with
Daddy
maybe just watch a movie and relax I
know sighs what do you want to watch
yeah okay you watch frozen or Shrek da
Dada I'm making an executive decision
we'll put on frozen it's not my favorite
but he's not feeling well
oli has croup basically it's just a
cough that really restricts him from
breathing so we're gonna have to watch
it super close today oh Jesus
okay Plan C how we're gonna watch him
really closely today I don't know if I'm
gonna put him down for a nap probably
just see if maybe he wants to cuddle
with me on the couch and if he falls
asleep that's okay oh yeah he's got a
little cough it restricts his breathing
even though there's no like mucus or
phlegm or anything it's just I don't
know kind of weird like that
Missy actually bought a humidifier and
we put it in this bathroom to use for
emergencies so if he's having like a
coughing fit I can grab it and bring him
into here it is very hot steaming here
as you can see on the mirror there we go
all smiles today we're gonna be all
smiles today I'm gonna watch this kid
really close and look at him he's not
letting that break his spirit at all are
you jumping ollie hmm you're still such
a happy little baby huh we do have to be
careful and watch it very closely though
because if we don't it could possibly
turn into bronchitis or pneumonia and
that would not be good
Who am I okay I'm gonna put on frozen
now I'm gonna put on frozen we decided
on Shrek last minute so we're now
watching Shrek the third you've watched
the first one and the second one and he
loves them
he's really into this one too aren't you
also here's a cookie Ollie
I hear they make everything better the
poor little guys not feeling better so
cookies and movies and cuddles cook
these movies and cuddles CMC that's all
you need right I'm off to my midwife
appointment and it's really hard for me
to leave Olli when he's so sick
but I know Brian's just going to cuddle
with him and they're just relax I'm just
gonna go to my appointment real quick
with my mom on my way out of town though
I did a very pregnant thing of me I
don't normally do this but I was craving
a corndog like not just a corndog I
wanted hot dog on a stick and they only
had those at the mall so I had to like
run into the mall and get myself a
corndog and let me tell you it was worth
it because this is like the best corn
dog ever look at that bread I don't know
what you guys dip your corn dogs in but
I did mine ranch ollie actually craved
mustard in ranch mixed together which is
really weird so I'm interested to find
out if I end up craving mustard and rant
again some food gross just gonna eat my
corn dog head to my appointment and
hopefully get back soon to my baby all
he's taking deep breaths by the
humidifier Ollie go good job he's been
really good um but every now and then he
gets out really bad cough and so I bring
him right in here takes a couple of deep
breaths take a deep breath go good job
okay come on you can come out now no
don't no doubt no doubt
okay go this way BAE is home
hi babe we are cooking up some dinner
and I'm about to throw some of this
mahi-mahi on the grill I got a mahi and
then I got another money that's how it
works right
it's a beautiful day I have not left the
house today which has been nice I've
just been watching Ollie and sure that
he's relaxing and getting the medicine
needs and whatnot so she'll stay at home
although I was kind of hoping to get
some work done that's Kate that's what
tomorrow's for right
Oh Oh time to flip them and dinner has
done we got mahi-mahi I got a bunch of
veggies here green beans and potatoes
Holly what are you in yeah you got milk
and pancakes and noodles and fish and
fruit surely you like something on that
plate right something surely hot surely
he's got all his energy still Missy but
every now and then he just gives that
nasty cough and yes dancing to frozen
yeah so we were able to eat dinner a
little bit earlier today which means
that we have time to go on a walk is it
still daylight
so we're gonna go for a little walk
Mama's get in your jacket que que se
wagon
wag oh why you he's trying to say wagon
we're doing our walk I scan a brisk walk
in that our doctor said so she'll feel a
little better
we got Ollie just chillin hey Ollie okay
he's getting a feet we're about a mile
into this pretty soon he's gonna have
his little brother right there to hang
out with belly belly belly alert hunting
so big I know the only uterus right now
just slam it on my bladder
let's get like yeah I gotta go are you
gonna cry oh it's such a little thing
too
this is what happens when you get a pool
Missy it's okay I've actually helped
many of these grow up and fly away oh
yeah when I love here with like my
grandparents and we actually even taught
it to fly by putting a little string on
it what and let it like fly until it was
ready to fly fly and then it flew away
well le-let's I have an idea I'm gonna
be honest it kind of looks like that
bird was attacked by something else and
then fell into the pool yeah we need to
do it okay buddy can you say birdie say
I love you birdie no idea oh you taking
your temperature you think you have a
fever
yes all right let me check let me see 97
he just got out the shower actually we
both just got out of the shower and I'm
getting ready to put him down for bed I
want him to take a shower so that it
could help just you know one last time
break up anything that could be broken
up before bed so I'm gonna put him to
bed in here but I will probably before I
go to sleep I'll probably end up
bringing him either into our bed or may
even bring his mattress and put it next
to our bed because I'm really afraid to
go to sleep while he's has this kind of
illness yeah take mommy's temp so I'll
probably keep an eye on him just through
the monitor for now until I go to sleep
and then I'll bring him in with me we
have the cool mist um up here right now
but I'm probably gonna bring up the
warmness that I really feel like the
warm mist it works a lot better than the
coolness but maybe it's just in my head
he's ready for bed since he didn't get a
nap because we were too afraid to put
him down for a nap
he's like I'll never admit it but I'm a
crank
I'm gonna go ahead and end the vlog and
just kind of take care of my baby
tonight but I hope you guys enjoyed it
give this video a thumbs up all e.t.c
thumbs up come here I love
tell him how much you don't feel good oh
don't feel bad guys we'll see you guys
tomorrow
bye bye bye bye
but this I was a boy with big intentions
the world on my chest we never seem to
have much love to spare or we would take
us everywhere
by golly here buzz right now and
listening to my song
Hey
tako by voodoo and I get a good flow the
description
