miss you just felt something really cool
good morning guys we got the whole damn
family
I messed that up the whole thing that's
funny we were getting ready for the day
Missy you're doing your hair all blue
full I'm going to try and do a bump date
today because I'm going to try and be a
successful person today I believe in you
Missy trying you know I believe in you
the trying that counts Hey yes how's
Olli does he help you get ready in the
morning by moving all your stuff around
I noticed your change for change his way
over there I am all ready for the day
and I'm actually doing something really
cool today oh but I want to show you
guys something you remember how I told
you guys that all of her broke my shaver
okay well I'm not blaming Oliver he
dropped it and then it's not working I
picked up a new one at Target yesterday
and it's the Philips Norelco Norelco
7300 and it's really interesting because
it has like this little notch part right
here and it's basically like a vacuum
system so I shaped my entire face today
and all I got was that can you see it
normally after I'm done shaving it's
just like a huge mess and Missy gets so
mad at me and I'm like fine I'll clean
it up so that was actually really cool
but I don't think it did as good of a
job like it didn't do it as clean I
couldn't get the lines as clean I
couldn't get as close so I don't know I
like it in theory but I think I'm gonna
return it and get the one that I used to
have Oh plus I put this stuff on it's
like a post-shave face lotion and it
made it like so
often calm and usually like it's all
gross you know after you shave yeah
today I am gonna hang out with Papa and
Jimmy am I allowed to call him pop-pop
he's not my papa
I don't know what ever to call him
Missy's dad and brother and we're gonna
go see Avengers Ollie I can't wait till
you're old enough to go see superhero
movies with me looking good babe and got
your Michael Jackson glove on actually I
think it's golf was white and sparkly we
should get you a white sparkly glove to
do your hair with I'll be so funny
what buddy yeah all right Ollie's all
ready for the day we've been now he's
been wearing lots of like muscle feeds
and a cop I think Missy boots are really
cute so he keep eyeing them yeah they
are really cute
yeah Papa's at the door let's go get him
oh he's very excited to see you guys
does it actually go down to you always
covered in stickers right now because of
antique he's gonna freak out once he
realized it sucked like his arm hair now
he's got him on you yeah you like it
good morning we are at Olive Garden and
I'm with the girls and oli not just the
girls we got Ollie Pinto all the boys
watch a movie
we've been doing a little bit of
shopping my mom doing some shopping for
the house she is like outside so we're
gonna eat eat bread sticks
sound yummy what do you want to do all
we want goodnight he's like - and the
stickers on empty also he threw it down
here so we can find it oh it's over at
you mom it's like behind your feet
yeah I thank you is that teamwork my
Milan just got him one of these it's a
kaleidoscope right and he lookin sign
vid there's like all kinds of cool
I don't know Christmas Eve turn it for
me mom see that we had to teach Ollie to
look inside of this it took some
definitely some work but I think he
figured it out you want to try and look
so that's how you look inside I'm just
turning it for him that doesn't work
hanging out with the gyms that's what
I'm gonna call you guys the gyms we got
Jimmy and Jim James and James we just
saw the Avengers and a some pretty
massive burritos movie was really good
and what do you think about that moving
that extra scene a little closer so you
have to wait through the whole credits
that's kind of nice of my mom
you know at the end of every Marvel
movie they have a little scene at the
end of the credits some credits came by
and they showed a scene and then we were
like sitting there like do we keep
waiting I don't know what to do they
totally messed this up and then someone
on Twitter was like no there's no scene
and I was like thank you because I
really had to pee
Holly woke up from his nap and he's a
little grouchy but he's a little bit but
we're actually go ahead and over to Mimi
and Papa's we will have some dinner it's
like I'm not a crowd look at him he's
happier now I actually just fills my
bumpty whoo-hoo go Missy for trying
today it's a little bit late but
hopefully it's up to mom and frien just
edited me a little intro and I really
like it it's really simple but I just
wanted something that I like and that
condone front of my videos so I'm going
to try and end it at my mom's edit like
the video Ollie climbed up on this chair
by himself point it at the laptop and
said watch Jackson that is Jackson yeah
Ellie and Jared I'm pretty sure this is
Jackson's biggest fan right here
somebody that's his dad died no not his
pop that's pop over there I'm your dad I
don't get them confused that's his mama
hmm
he loves watching Jackson and Mimi in
Papa's house but everyone's just getting
everything ready we're gonna barbecue
some chicken and meat and snacks Missy
just felt something really cool I felt
amazing for sure like no Dada
right here and the craziest thing is I'm
16 weeks in 3 days and that's exactly
when I felt Olly
yeah yeah I thought in Walmart like over
two years ago you guys can check that
blog out yeah very much
yeah like one of the March ones but um
yeah I felt him right here and then I
felt new baby right here that's crazy
so how much more longer till I can feel
him I think it's like 19 to 20 weeks
first a couple like a month or two out
thank God you felt all your on 19 how's
the debt chip debt
you can find it in a soup kitchen but we
stay out all the onions smile are you
kidding me with that smile right now bro
pull it off loaded now go Ollie go Ollie
come on come on
check out my parents new patio
they got this sit in the Ani and it's
got lights it's got this fan and it's
really really nice and actually just did
some bark they're working on the bar
yeah they just did this bark yeah it
looks really nice they're gonna put some
plants and stuff and all that but
they're working hard on like this whole
backyard oh my gosh Ollie's wearing ear
buds right now oh and listening to my
song and I think it's safe to say he
really likes it to go by who knew on
iTunes link below in the description
we've never put headphones in before
like that even really doesn't like
wearing them either but yeah and it is
way past always bedtime I'll tell you
that right now I'm actually just
finished editing my bump date so that
will definitely be up right now so go
check my channel
Brian music video comes out this week on
Friday so goes the time to his channel
so you are the first ones to watch who
new music video is so cute I love it
it's definitely just a little piece of
me and him and I'm like our highschool
relationship is so cute so I'm really
excited for you guys to see it so go
subscribe so you guys get to see it
first
anyways give this ball your thumbs up if
you enjoyed it tomorrow the world
really enjoy that song
