we threw out the camera so we had to
turn back and so now I am ten minutes
late which is kind of a bummer but I
called at the end of ironic because we
both just got watches good morning fish
what are you doing in my glass of water
hey hey fishy fishy I don't know if you
guys have heard but if you drink a fish
in the morning you'll have a lot more
energy throughout the day so everyone
say goodbye to hashtag Bruce Rover
because I'm thirsty now I'm just kidding
but seriously fish what are you doing in
my my water what are you doing in there
we were moving we are cleaning his bowl
it looks pretty horrid I don't know how
it did that because it's never looked
like that before
in such a short amount of time maybe
it's like the weather in the house
because we were gone and the house was
hotter
yeah it looks gross so we're gonna clean
up your home okay buddy so you have a
nice place to swim he's so pretty hey
ollie
vicious good morning ollie in breakfast
easy in some waffles
Applejack's and bananas that's quite an
eclectic breakfast buddy is that poop
time Oliver you gotta go poop poop
well you just pooped I just changed the
poop I seriously just changed the poopy
diaper so if you really has to poop and
that'd be weird
how's that hashtag that better I cleaned
all his rocks and all his stuff in there
and he seems happier and Brian and Ollie
over here watching some Saturday morning
cartoons that cutland doc McStuffins
do you like doc McStuffins it'll help
you feel better I do really enjoy that
song like that song is just so catchy
what he seems to be enjoying this can
you hear him all the toys are messed up
and don't have to fix them all okay
Sabrina came in and ruined them all
pretty good karma is out here playing
you playing with a dog next door all
right the house is clean and I'm just
getting ready for the day in my room
this is just my makeup room you do my
makeup right there hey guys check this
out
I got this cool little Gucci or what is
it Gucci Guilty I got it for free from
Sephora and I actually really like it
it's very like it smells really pretty I
also have see I think Ellie has see as
well I really like it it's very like
very pretty smelling and I just got a
text message anyways today's a really
really exciting day if you guys don't
know yet we are finding out whether or
not the baby really is a boy because if
you don't know we did go a tad early
there's a part of me is like it's a
really important date on formation
ultrasound before we even found out just
to make sure we come down again because
I guess it is a little early so find out
if the baby is still a boy and I just
destined to have all boys in my house
hopefully it's not everything I'm gonna
get next is a girl and it always ends up
being a boy
luckily Ryan I planned on you being a
boy so done you being a boy so all I
just woke up from his nap
oh he wants is my mass do you think the
baby is still a boy Wow he was pretty
adamant that you were having a girl he
was he was like it's a girl my sister
I'm going in to see my baby boy uh-huh
as an ultrasound but if they tell me
it's a girl I'll be like but I'm going
to go see my bit my boy that's what I'm
going to do we're gonna go see your
brother huh so what he does
yep you're nice and beautiful for the
ultrasound today yeah we'll check how
much you weigh on the scale go stand on
it and we'll see what's down twenty
three point four pounds dang buddy
he's getting so big oh and he just
turned the faucet on let's leave that
off kay all right we are on our way and
you guys are luckier come with because
we always forgot you we got hot yeah we
did we did we got halfway to the place
and we're like did you get the camera
did you get over
Oliver did you get the camera yeah geez
we threw out the cameras so we had to
turn back and so now I am ten minutes
late which is kind of a bummer but I
called it kind of ironic because we both
just got washes we're here with Erika
I'm gonna be doing a gender confirmation
and just to get to see our little baby
boy
yes
Wow maybe a lot bigger this time mom Wow
the baby
Wow like no you're not mistaken this one
for the first time
yeah look at that big baby Missy on the
face cancer on the face
Holly we're looking at your brother
Holly can you say baby good job yeah
we're looking at your baby brother you
guys we had our baby boy it's a little a
little hairier and we thought eight
inches two ounces
now this little monkey and listen that's
the baby's heartbeat and it's a monkey
because we know I only have monkeys as
boys we're definitely having a boy I was
like it's really hard the first time
when they tell you like okay you're
gonna also gonna have another one to
confirm it it was hard to picture like
another boy yeah but now that we know
for sure it's like it's just like those
are boys yeah it's happening yeah I
definitely guys start thinking of names
I really just haven't I mean I guess we
was thrown around a couple names but
like nothing just really popped out at
me it's like we just need to make sure
it's a boy fun fact I felt ollie for the
first time at 16 weeks and three days
and I'm 16 weeks in two days
today so you start feeling him a little
bit I started feeling a more I did I
think I felt him a couple really like
quick times everyone smile but I'm
excited to really start knowing for sure
that this is the baby and I get to be
feeling a lot more there you go
what do you think of that yeah roasting
marshmallows right now and oli was
waving it in there saying hat a pet key
blow on it
we're here at Ellen's graduation party
she just graduated from college what did
you graduate with you're like officially
a scientist now you know that so we're
just celebrating terilyn and we're
roasting marshmallows all right it is
the end of the night and I am exhausted
my body does not stay awake for very
long these days I feel exhausted all the
time I know someone hit comments it was
like I'm 16 weeks - and I'm waiting for
that burst of energy I am - you're doing
everything yeah I mean I'm trying to
fight through it and some days are
better than others like today was a
better day like yesterday whoo I was
actually really emotional yesterday and
very tired yesterday and just a lot of
things yesterday so today it was a
better day and I had a lot of fun today
and we found out it's officially a boy
we didn't really get very good pictures
with the last one and I kind of had to
be like okay she saw something but this
time I saw it it was there it's
definitely a boy so we've been throwing
around a lot of names today it's just
like baby right now but I want to say
good name so you start to like get more
connected with your baby when your baby
has a name and you know what your big
what you're gonna call your baby when
you see your baby
Brian's actually checking out the the
fight right now fine
let me know if you guys watched in who
you're rooting for I'm rooting for
Pacquiao I didn't even know this was a
thing until like a few hours ago and
everyone started tweeting about it you
know punched him oh he punched it oh
they're punching each other's down
alright we're gonna end the vlog karma
why you big house right now this is the
worst I can make out
me and Jurgis like you're a good puppy
as you are
yeah hi everyone hi everyone
go ahead and in the blog I hope you guys
enjoyed it get them on thumbs up cuz
we're having a boy for having a boy it's
official and really public go ahead but
the best I was a boy with big intentions
the world on my chest
we never seem to have much left to spare
or we would take us everywhere
discounting all the police
we'd overcome
we tear down and all the crowds would
gather round
