who knew oli is now riding the ukulele
like a broomstick good morning guys
I'm just in the bathroom finishing up
getting ready for the day and I'm
starting to notice a new trend now that
I'm back from vacation water lots and
lots of water like a lot
I feed like six times sooner it's
amazing how much water the human body
needs to like perform properly it's
strange I've been using my Apple watch
today it's been reminding me to drink
all my water which is a good thing I do
feel like if I drink a lot of water I'm
not as hungry throughout the day which
is good but also I kind of like feel
bloated
most of the day cuz I have a lot of
water in me look at this picture Missy
just seven that is Ollie and he's
holding this cheap little ukulele we got
in Hawaii and she's trying to put it in
tougher yep but it's not really working
because he does not want to let go that
ukulele that's one of the cutest things
I've seen all day that's it that's the
cake all day I mean the day just started
but that's okay
also while we were in Hawaii um my
shaver broke and I don't know it feels
Ollie but I just want clarify all he was
holding my shaver then he threw it on
the ground and then it stopped working
so I forgot to pick one up yesterday
because I need to shave so I'm trying to
like brush my beard to make it look a
little more tame you could say so we've
been home for a couple days now and I
think it's finally time to unpack the
suitcase karma what do you think should
I start unpacking my suitcase karma how
you doing buddy what's up are you bored
he's like I thought things would be more
exciting now that you're home
alright I'm gonna tackle this beast you
wanna help this is my like Hawaii this
much tropical good morning guys I have
been working on getting my butt out of
bed I've been so lazy today and just
kind of drained my body just feels so
drained I'm officially was at 16 weeks
pregnant
and I feel like I've entered a new stage
of pregnancy going from I definitely
think I've passed my stage of nausea and
now I'm just drained like my body's just
tired it's starting to ache it's
starting to get like that that's
stretching feeling the achy feeling
around my belly and I don't know I think
it's also a mixture just getting back
from vacation and a time change thing so
I'm just exhausted and all he hasn't
been sleeping all at night so anyways
I'm just trying to get back in the girl
with things I felt under my makeup and I
really I'm totally peeling on like right
on the top of my head I don't know if
you guys can tell if you can't thank God
because it looks disgusting I look like
a lizard I think I need to go scrub it
maybe I do anything today because it's
so weird looking I didn't even know I
burnt but I think I just burned like
right here
just the top of my head and now it's
just all peeling it's like peeling into
my hair and into my scalp and stuff so
it's really gross and I think that was a
piece of skin floating so nasty
anyways I'm just getting ready foods
days and always taking a nap and I think
I'm planning on going swimming today cuz
I just want to relax in the pool karma
has not been swimming in over a week and
he really wants to get in the pool don't
ya I'm Jack I take your clothes off
you're naked is actually really warm
today it's like we're looking at almost
a hundred degrees almost a hundred go
swim get out there
woohoo a feels nice let's check it oh
yeah that's very nice water not too warm
not too cold I do not like something in
a cold pool no matter how hot it is
outside I do not want to get in and be
like freezing these be skimmed can you
skim it Carmy think you can just do that
for me no I'm just doing his laps he
goes in he runs out he goes in he runs
out I love this pool he's like the best
thing ever I don't I honestly don't
think I could ever live in a house it's
out of pool now because it's just so
nice oh by the way I need to change it
whatever that hasn't been changed since
we got sent to me that for Hawaii it
looks like it's looking a bit green it's
pretty warm out I guess
water turns green I hear a baby and they
think he's away from his nap oh my
goodness oh my goodness alright guys so
this mor this morning I gave Ollie his
ukulele that I got him while in Hawaii
it's so cute it's got these little
turtles on it and he loves it he loves
it so much that when I gave it to him he
never put it down alright all it's time
for nap time and I pried it out of his
fingers and he was not having it like I
tried to rock him and he was just
flailing and crying he won his ukulele
so badly so I let him cuddle with the
ukulele while we rocked to sleep and he
cuddled it hard huh love that thing yeah
do you like the ukulele I pried it out
of his fingers as I laid him into the
crib and I put it right here so soon as
the lights went on he saw it and he was
like oh I need my ukulele speaking of
putting this kid to bed every time I put
him to bed I put him down for naps in
bed time I panic for the day that I will
no longer be able to lay him into bed
because when I go to lay him in that's
my belly right there
I kind of have to like lean over on try
belly and there's gonna be a day where
my belly is too big to lay them down it
makes me so sad like I honestly panic
every night when I go to like lay him
down
I'm so sad when I cannot lay my baby
down to sleep or at least not in a
peaceful way like drop them down there
flop them down there put them in they're
standing up and help to lay down himself
that makes me really sad
huh daddy will have to help us hon he'll
put you down into the crib I'll just
rock it and then Brian I'll come in and
then lay him into a crib you like your
ukulele it's definitely a cheapy one
though the strings don't aren't even
really tight anyway so doesn't make much
sound but he loves it and that's all
that matters huh
can you play us a song no that's pretty
good pretty good yeah all right oli
let's hear it play that oh cool a leaf
or Cassie play there we go play it jam
it on the Glalie
hit it do it again who knew who knew how
about no no no no no no no no Missy we
show this kid how it's done on the
ukulele yeah it does better percussion
actually then it dies with the strings
those aren't really strings it's mainly
for decoration we actually just hopped
out of the pool feeling refreshed
oli is now riding the ukulele like a
broomstick so okay say Luke Luke alele
say Luke he tries he can almost get past
the second syllable don't worry he's
really trying it get your mom I guess
come on my kiss my kiss love you don't
eat this you got some of the teeth you
know what check Cassie's gonna watch Ali
and Missy and I are gonna go to dinner
and a movie tonight fortune says
tomorrow your creative side will shine
for the exceptional
my work I've been I had some domain and
mongolian beef with green beans it was
and now we're gonna do good for me and
I'm just like the best man ever
we are in a parking garage someone's
tired you're so cute
and you look very colorful
you can't look like a gypsy yes we
wouldn't saw the age of Adaline what you
think Missy liked it sounds really cool
is really good you know it's a book
we're sucker for love stories yep yeah
we are sucker for love stories and we do
not do demon movies no any time a
trailer comes on for a demon movie like
let's just talk anyway we had a fun
Friday I hope you guys did too if you
did click that thumbs up button and just
let you guys know we announced today all
over social media that my new music
video for who knew it will be out on May
8th so one week one more week I'll be
sharing little pieces of the video all
throughout the week for you guys on my
social media and if you guys aren't
subscribed to my channel my personal
channel I'll have a link down below so
you can be subscribed and be the first
one to see the music video because
that's where it's going to be good
anyway I hope you guys vlog thanks for
watching you see tomorrow I'm gonna put
you guys away and Missy's funny
sweatpants class sleeper pants what are
these what is this pattern I don't know
it's like a guy you're such a hippie
this I was a boy with big intentions the
world on my chest
we never seem to have much love to spare
or we would take us everywhere
discounting all the places
we don't become new
on the prowl
who utilize we would have found
anything
