now he's all clean and using my finger
you belittled what do you think of that
how's that pizza Ally Missy I don't
think we've ever taught him how to eat
pizza look Ally we're at home what do
you think about that hi hi look at these
tan kids
hiyee you guys are so tan it's like you
guys were in Hawaii or something wait
what you were did you have fun CJ what
was your favorite part about Hawaii
snorkeling oh my gosh that was amazing
ha they went on the same trip that we
did the day before you saw turtle and an
octopus awesome Bailey what was your
favorite part about Hawaii oh good
Antipater she said enjoying family
uh-huh I see Missy is testing out her
Apple watch showing it off to que hace
oh I'm fine we go then
yeah oh I know what's up Cassie you look
a week older ah so yeah Missy and I got
our Apple watches in while we were gone
so we've been playing with them and
Missy you're obsessed
he's obsessed to that she's been using
it so much I I looked at my dad it was
like 98% I looked at her she was like 75
I'm like it's definitely gonna be dead
by the end of the day for her I'm using
it a lot a lot more than I probably
we will normally yeah because I'm really
trying to figure out if I really really
am going to use it oh yeah I'm not going
to keep it yeah I mean I love it there's
some really cool features about it that
I really enjoy but the other size I
really really want I really think it's
worth it
I've been wanting a watch for a long
time now and I have been holding up just
because I knew Apple would be making one
and so it kind of came at a good time
for me because I do find myself going
like this a lot to look at the time and
I'm like I don't own a watch I've owned
watch you forever but yep we're home
we got CJ and Bailey we are watching
them feels good to be home feels good to
sleep in your own bed huh no more man no
it was so nice I totally was like I
don't remember our home being this
comfortable and warm and it smells good
right like I walked in the house and I
was like oh my gosh it smells good it
smells like home it was amazing
this kid has been just a crazy kid
haven't you ollie pizza can you say
pizza you say pizza yeah say pizza CJ
yeah pizza hey Olli that's I'm gonna
tell you right now that's not how you do
it
well now it's upside-down he's eating it
the right way but it's upside down
you'll learn eventually oli is very
excited about the package we got well
over you're on vacation aren't you
will we get Olli
oh isn't boss while we were gone we got
a package from honest and I think they
sent us some goodies and we're gonna
check it out
let me get think we got some swag good
diapers they have a little camera in the
cameras
that's so cute they got little boom
boxes on them I have actually been using
their honest life a lot and I really
enjoy them I think they're really good
more yeah oh my god
shampoo body wash I have the conditioner
and I literally love it smells so good
very like citrusy smelling which it's
very mild for me yeah oh we got an
honest travel wipes dispenser this just
good cuz you're just a little big and
bold ah this is nice a small bit slimmer
and I think that they come out easier
like they yeah mine just opens up and
yeah it's like kind of full not and this
has like a way that's cute and then I
think they sent us a couple things for
the house so we have like an orange
Cyprus air and fabric freshener we have
a multi surface layer which I've been
wanting to try this their products are
super safe they're clean they're natural
yeah um and they're bringing oh dang got
hooked up I really do love the Aqua
let's look at the packaging does it get
Holly Holly what are you doing he's like
I like the box Thank You honest for
sending us this cool swag if you guys
want to check them out I'll have a link
below in the description and right now
actually if you order a bundle from
honest calm they'll send you like a free
soy candle which is really cool
yeah plus they make a really awesome
Mother's Day gift Plus what mom
love healthy safe baby products and plus
your baby gets a box that comes with it
Holly
are you in a box thinking of diapers
this kid stinks oh really
oh he's like a rock star he pooped now
he's all clean he's a nice thinker you
belittled haters what do you think of
that what so I've been using my Apple
watch all day today and I have to say I
really have been enjoying it look at
that cool little animation I really like
the jellyfish face it's been helping me
stay a little bit more active because I
have like little goals and so like if it
tells you it's time to stand I'll go up
and down the stairs a couple times
another really cool thing that I've been
doing is using the water minder app to
remind me when to drink more water so
right now I'm at 42 percent of my goal
and I've drank 51 ounces of water yes
I've been peeing a lot today and I
really just like the way it looks like
it's super clean and classy it feels
like a nice watch that you would wear
and like I said I've been wanting like a
watch for a while so I'm definitely glad
that I went for it also I don't know if
all of you saw but we found this
scary-lookin Tiki guy I'm gonna put it
right next to grumpy cat they seem like
they go well together
Grumpy's grumpy and that thing kind of
looks grumpy
hi comma hi Carla it's way too excited
all right guys my dad used to do this
does all the time
I know and all he just figured out how
to do it okay not too powerful Dan to
put there yeah stand on Papa's hands
aunty help them okay ready yeah yes yeah
I got this Hey oh there you go what do
you think he's just gone everything we
used to do that all the time
coffee's been trying to do a freak with
you for so long the balance yeah you're
happy
look you guys I hit my move goal on my
Apple watch and I won an award view
award look at this award it's so shiny
and cool my first Apple watch award
Missy I just said um you should really
try any old day I mean just try look
what my friends cooking up this giant
stroke look at that you guys know that
is a London broil took a giant steak and
then we cut it all yep oh yes yummy
cooked good did you check the temp yeah
I said 145 145 is medium-rare right um I
would say that's all yeah yeah all
righty guys
that is it for the blog we are home it
feels great we had a really great first
day back I did want to let you guys know
if you did not see our new episode of
the story circle you see and I actually
read a story the Three Little Pigs and
it's a little bit different and it's
cool because it's like animated and
stuff so if you guys want to see that
new episode I'll have that linked below
in the description just in case you
missed it but as far as today's vlog
goes I'm going to go ahead and end it
here so if you enjoyed it click thumbs
up and then we will see you guys
tomorrow bye
all the best I was a boy with big
intentions the world on my chest
never seem to have much love to spare or
we would take us everywhere
not a discount in all the places we go
now
we'd overcome who knew
we tear down and all the crowd
who knew the ice we would have found
and if everyday you tell me what it
believed you
Oh
