good morning and happy lazy blog okay
today we're here yep and we're super
excited because we're at the story
circle where we're gonna read the three
little piggies
the big bad wolf smiled and waved oh
hello there little pig ha the pig
squealed and he ran to his brother's
house of sticks he was telling his
brother about the wolf when cruising Oh
little pigs let me change engines this
is what I'm wearing to the plane I'm so
raggedy you know raggedy I like it
that's my hair yep Hawaii you know I'm
packing all morning making sure we got
everything it's so much easier to pack
leaving the place that you came to then
packing from home because like just put
everything in the suitcases yeah and the
really cool thing is that everything is
washed and cleaned oh yeah everything's
nicely clean clothes away that's cool
that's way cool hey Ollie what are you
doing hey what are you doing in here
he's like I don't want to leave Hawaii
so I'm just gonna hide in here we cannot
stay in this beautiful paradise much
longer I guess although we did debate it
we leave here at 3 p.m. we're not even
gonna be home probably until 1:00 or
2:00 in the morning
he's probably 2 because we don't even 40
admit he was like you are not getting
home at 1:00 in the morning and then
editing a blog that's not happening or
then
lazy vlog it with your shirt just means
you know just take it easy don't even
see what happens yeah we'll just see
what help whoo thank you she got that
dust off my shoulders I see a kid right
there but oh there is I cannot believe
that we have to leave oh my god so good
out here
bye-bye ocean I guess there is an ocean
where we're going
yeah no we've just really had a blast in
Hawaii we're gonna decide to leave Holly
we gotta leave is that okay
you want to go swimming
swimmin yeah he wants to go swimming
Missy with my mom and dad hey guys say
hi and all of our stuffs packed it we
actually packed really early we're kind
of ahead of schedule don't know I know
we don't want to leave but it winds up
packing like really on time and just
being like ok now we're bored so we are
now going to Zippy's Brad I've never
heard of it yeah so we're gonna try
Zippy's out I think it's kind of like
Hawaiian food and maybe a lot of other
types of food here as well where's the
writing of science oh yeah actually
really close to the airport we've got
like five hours to kill or something
like that so we're just gonna relax here
and eat some
lunch all these very time we're gonna
try and keep him awake hey baby tired
we're gonna fight it
his eyes were cold in the park he was
like boom then he laughs every time we
wake him up so we're gonna try and keep
him awake so that he will sleep on the
plane of course you need a donor and let
over lunch I don't think so but brownies
about this food cornbread doc Wow
oh those are those things that are
filled with all these yummy donuts we
are trying a malasadas and it looks
interesting it's got cinnamon sugar so
basically like a big donut ball you're
gonna cut into it the big doughnut so
warm and fluffy mess it's very it's a
yeast ball what you want one of those
he's been such a good either eatin his
grilled cheese aren't Jeff here we go
guys we are leaving Hawaii guess who had
and it was Suzanne
overweight bag
Missy always gets so close and I've
never seen they were nice about it
though they were like oh it's okay
Hawaiian I know no worries yeah I will
say Missy is a trouper when traveling
pregnant
you could be complaining so much more
right now Missy I know we have to figure
that out
they may figure that out
holy luggage Batman we just landed got
all our luggage finally how you doing
baby how you doing it's okay we had it
pretty rough right flight that's
probably our worst flight yet huh yeah
this he doesn't want to talk about it
this guy love you kiddo take it high
five
peanut pound go wiggle wiggle wiggle
wait can I get it raisin
clever raisin buddy are you all out are
you gonna share with your dad dad
because you love him
thank you thank you for your sharing
it's like you're lucky that's what I
give you
yep we landed we're home back in
California feels good we got a long
drive ahead of us so we're gonna go home
I'm gonna end state's blog but if you
enjoyed it what should they do thumbs up
thumbs up thumbs up State guys watching
we'll see you tomorrow bye
I was in the rail cars and driving you
to palm so afraid I could barely speak
little manse we never had much money to
spin that didn't slow was down who knew
who knew yeah I remember a girl with
humble dreams just hoping for the best I
was a boy with big intentions the world
on my chest we never seem to have much
love to spare or we would take us
everywhere
none of this counting all the police
we do become
usually Ted
and all the crowd
who knew the life we would have found
and if everyday you tell me you wouldn't
believe you
oh we were just kids
just one in the park
take this
