good mining from Maui Hawaii
good morning guys it is me and oli here
today my parents and Brian just left go
ziplining which I'm so jealous of I'm
really excited for them but me and all
are going to have a really nice track
someday we actually already have had a
very relaxing day because they didn't
have to leave to like 11
so we woke up and just had breakfast and
I even got to take a nap
really nice probably one of our more
relaxing days so far but weather is
amazing today it's very cool and breezy
see that wind is very very very windy
and that's your hope on it'll be to hang
out at the beach um when it's super
windy but I've got everything I've got
an umbrella
I've got toys I have snacks bathing
suits drinks diapers wipes water shoes
so we don't get sand in our toes huh
this is a little bit hard to maneuver so
this should be fun should be interesting
walking down to the beach like this
alright you guys we are headed to go is
ziplining today I'm going with Mimi and
Papa and Missy is staying home obviously
because she's pregnant it's like a
two-hour tour we're gonna be doing some
hiking and ziplining from like platform
to platform and I brought my GoPro with
the chesty clip so hopefully we can get
some cool footage kind of nervous but
also really excited I'm nervous not a my
of heights but I get motion sickness
I don't like roller coasters so you're
not afraid of falling times are afraid
of going to my death I just don't want
to be sick to my stomach I have a height
problem yeah it should be interesting
he's gonna overcome his fears there's
some death grips
hey what is it it's so windy trying to
eat our lunch down by the beach the
whole windy I've actually kind of
freaked out of it it's very very very
busy like stop controlling his food
keeps blowing away he likes it
you like the wind huh well Olli he
seemed to be more open with the sand you
dumped that sand on you baby with a
shovel and it's around your mouth how
did you do that
it's like I do not know what I'm going
to do I was walking within to the sand
and once he realized we were getting
close to the sand he turned around for
Anna that Babu
he was so funny but he came on to the
beach we're sitting on the sand it's
quite windy so no umbrella and we got to
sit on our towels or they blow away
this place is beautiful it's on like a
historic ranch
all right we are hiking to our first
zipline and I see it I see the zipline
it's coming up here we go oh it's a
little one like a little baby unicorn
oh no no thank you
what do you think Suzanne that was that
was really fast
Bonnie next one is a hundred feet you
got this 100 feet okay you can do it I
know right that's all right that's all
right thank you
oh okay the old broken zipline equipment
okay here we go
I'm going I'm going
yeah yeah hold on the long job still
though shaky that's dope
thank you you're welcome
here she comes
woo alright now we are going to be
walking across a cool little suspension
bridge like Indiana jones-style
who built this bridge did you build this
bridge I did not read some very
well-trained pravakar yes you can I mean
look at this helmet YouTube channel a
little bit yeah do you want to shout
anything out hey youtubers come
ziplining check it out yes adventures
skyline new to adventures they're the
best come on she says I'm not gonna fall
hmm look at that legit doing this right
now that it's cool okay okay
it's moving around a lot now about
halfway through a long way down
oh this is amazing
get out here nature doing all this love
it
all right we just got back from
ziplining and that was so much fun like
it gently phasing that was so cool look
at me I'm so sweaty it was hot out there
but we had a blast definitely go check
out skyline eco adventures and shout out
to fullscreen for hooking this up and
getting us all set up for the ziplining
cuz it was so much fun guys we had a fun
day and son we went swimming after the
beach for a little bit and then coat
started to give him a little bath and he
was like falling asleep in the bath so
cute and then I just kind of dressed I
was pretty good diaper on he's just like
so much they give it go lay him down you
want to go night-night for a little bit
take a little nap you're gonna take a
nap huh
good night night for a minute okay and
he was right now I am back with the
family and now we are headed to have a
nice dinner with Mimi and Papa come on
buddy come on come on you guys
yeah we're gonna go get him I've always
been really into tickle tickle ly and
apparently has plans to majorly tickle
papa after we walk with always you to
this part and it's so breezy and flowing
it feels so good look at this sunset is
happening yeah love it oh hey it's me me
a Papa
wait for us dad how was dinner very good
it was very good we went to this place
called Mulligan is on the blue
Mulligan's Avila to an Irish pub yeah we
were supposed to go to monkeypod which
was a big place everyone wants to go to
and it looked really good it was a
45-minute wait we're facetiming Cassie
right now hi Cassie and always
facetiming joint moments literally
always face time here like we're doing
this now it's really fine all right guys
all he is asleep we just got back from
dinner we had a what oh really really
fun day today ziplining sorry gonna come
babe McKenna's is a planning opportunity
I'll be lit yes but I hope you guys
enjoyed it if you did give it a thumbs
up and if you guys have not seen the
lyric video - who knew I'll have that
linked below as well as well as links
below for the iTunes as well so you can
get it as well thank you guys for
watching
Zico another beautiful day in Hawaii
tomorrow
I remember a girl with horrible dreams
just hoping for the best I was a boy
with big intentions the world on my
chest we never seem to have much love to
spare or we would take us everywhere
only know the places
now who use the troubles we
