stay clean
what's going on over here trying to
clean up this disaster area Oh what
happened here oh really
hey guys yeah this room it's pretty tore
up this is Ali's play room which would
be nice if it was a separate room in the
house somewhere but it's not because our
front door is right here so people come
in and they see this yeah we're still
recovering from yesterday the house has
just been a little crazy so if you're
wondering my Missy's all dressed up she
just got back from a bridal shower you
look so cute
stand up let me see this dress on you
right looks that makes the belly look
bigger look at that belly look at that
belly well babe that's the nature of a
second baby it's pushing everything out
that's feel like but my uterus is
getting bigger and pushing out all that
like love that got leftover from
Oliver typical like getting big I'll be
happy once it feels more like a pregnant
oh yeah I really do embrace my my
pregnant belly but this one just feels
so different cleaned up all the mess and
looks pretty we got this she's pretty
flowers we got I got her these little
tulips yesterday and actually I didn't
show you but I also got her this really
cool bouquet I have no idea what kind of
flowers those are pages it kind of looks
like it I guess yeah it focus I think
I'm still getting a lot of exhaustion
from pregnancy which I was hoping that
by the second trimester I get like that
burst of energy that they always talk
about but if you guys haven't more
started to revealed video it was up
yesterday make sure you watch it because
we're probably going to say it in
appearance what it is anyways I wanted
to talk about my true feelings having a
boy another boy number one first and
foremost the baby is healthy and that is
literally truly all that matters and I
want to help
baby I think that in and of itself is
kind of a miracle to us to do you guys
two out of the four pregnancies you know
I've never got to meet our baby and so
the fact that you are healthy in awesome
yes and I have I feel very confident in
my uterus and I'm gonna have a baby and
that's all that matters I always
literally gonna have a best friend I do
think that when you have two boys
especially close to age I think that
they become very close they become best
friends whereas if you have a girl I
think that you tend to drift apart from
the opposite gender sibling yes I was my
hopes were kind of set on that girl I
just have always envisioned this girl I
I can see her in my head and I just
think she's the cutest sitting and we're
best friends just like how me and my mom
are and that's the thing too is like I
just I want that relationship that I
have with my mom I want that with my
little girl it's not so much that this
one's a boy it's not that the next baby
and what is that one boy I'm gonna be
like kind of bug because I just I really
want a girl that's my feelings I'm
excited no matter what but I did kind of
hope for a girl and I think you guys got
my hopes up for a girl but everyone's
like it's gonna like wait I don't feel
like my hopes for that up and then I'm
just reading comment after comment so
it's gonna be a girl
so I really I don't know I really
thought I was gonna have a girl it is
really early so there's a little part of
me that's hoping when we go back maybe
it'll be something else talking about
that in the street it was a second or
it's an early pregnancy so they scan you
at 13 weeks and then
you go in two weeks later for
confirmations yes well we will be going
in after so I hate just to confirm it
and right now it's a boy but we're not
gonna buy clothes yeah yes
you got a hold Mommy's hand dolly when
you're in the parking lot look at this
Missy it's my wife B and my boys whoa I
almost hit that thing whoa I almost hit
that thing
whoa there's a line of them now you want
to go eat something buddy he's been
signing eat like crazy I think he's
hungry I did feed him Missy I did feed
him all he ate was cheese though and
chips he had some chips
I know right I love this shirt on him
too I was telling him today when I was
getting him dressed that I'm gonna be
really sad when he grows out of that
shirt you know because he's gonna wait
for a long time too because he was right
was too big yeah I remember that now you
can sort of see his belly
hey Olly show us your fingernails Oh
did mama paint your color I'm with a
crayon he's trying to do it to you now
yeah good job
down
Wow
you are blowing his mind right now Missy
dinner macro action here I got the pesto
cream penne this stuff we'd make at home
all the time and we got raviolis we're
trying to Pete said today with oli are
you gonna eat that buddy he's like right
after I head off
keep it any so concerned about his face
wiping your face off stay clean are you
doing all right I think your face is
clean buddy there we go - sure because
I'm shooting someone
this week but everything's closed all
right yeah I see everything's closed and
all in the walk back
give me knuckles give me knuckles yeah
there you go
see you later always sees a birdie on
the ground say bye-bye
Gabe Agravaine we'll find another okay
you like crouched down right next to it
was like just walk away friends all
right guys we're gonna relax with a
little bit of frozen huh
sorry this kid loves his frozen don't
you he loves any kind of music to which
i think is really cool frozen kind of
just gets him in the mood for bed
somehow now I don't know how but it does
and we're going with it
he's look you guys are flexing and
that's this little dance he does when he
hears music to keep some cute alright
guys that's all for the vlog today
though I hope you enjoyed it click
thumbs up if you did
again there are tickets still available
for my livestream concert on the 19th at
3:30 p.m. so go check it out and if you
missed the video we did with Alexis G's
all I'll have a link down below also it
is hilarious thank you guys so much for
watching
we'll see you tomorrow we'll see you
tomorrow
it's okay fontanelle sir okay
I'm
and that's where I wanna be yeah we're
with me
