Missy will you explain what's going on
she's butt naked Holly don't look
brain
take them wine in hey I want to go
swimmin good morning guys we are
actually at my mom and dad's right now
because they actually are only just a
few doors down I don't think they ever
showed you that room but it's a lot like
our room um they got like the balcony in
the bedroom but they don't have a second
bedroom cuz we got that for all I was
super super nice and fun to hang out in
but Brian woke up so sick and they were
supposed to all go ziplining today but
he just was not feeling it so we
rescheduled for Monday so we'll get to
do that a little bit later hopefully
Brian starts feeling better
and I think it's just a cold hopefully
not the flu as you can tell we kind of
all have like a little bit of a stuffy
nose right now so like I'm just the
ending in it's just a cold but we just
had breakfast on the balcony together
overlooking that ocean over there
and this gorgeous it's a gorgeous day
today we're gonna have a lot of fun hey
little monkey boy are you gonna put on
Papa's shoes if you haven't put on shoes
over here da da dun sa hi hey say hi say
hi Ali
say hi hey we're swimming and he's out
of bed it's not a bad feeling a little
better
Brian he got a failure he doesn't show
off those he is out of bed feeling a
little better
don't let him off those steps TJ doing a
little morning swim before lunch we're
gonna eat up some food soon and I got a
big ol Hawaiian pineapple stewed grill
up and eat those how's business how good
you actually have any grilled pineapple
which I thought we would at the luau but
we did it Holly's facetiming aunty
hi give a kisses hi we're getting ready
to grill up some pineapple a piece what
is this let's just run through it some
water I'm sure it's fine
and we've uncle cliffs over here going
up hot dogs and hamburgers oh man those
look good did you put barbecue sauce on
some three nice
I should be interesting everybody like
cheeseburger
yeah have you ever had enough of the
pool yet no get out but then yeah if I
didn't Holly you ready to eat buddy we
are now off to our next adventure so in
Hawaii there's a place called Hana it's
a town and there's the road to Hana and
it's a very very windy ridiculously
crazy road tons of stuff to do on the
way up to Hana
take like two hours to get up there so
we are not going to take the whole way
road to Hana but we're going to just go
a little ways and there's actually fall
just sort of at the bottom of the roads
Ollie is passed out he's been swimming
so he's tired tired boy so hopefully he
can sleep most this drive and they
hopefully be rejuvenated for the rest of
the Sunday and a break from any of their
yeah the luau afterwards they gave us
banana bread how many guys should
weekend for banana Brad we're still
driving the road to Hana it's really
pretty
there's so much green you can definitely
tell the difference in like the
vegetation different very very green
over there Twin Falls farms down they
got a lot of cool stuff here and see if
we can find the Falls these chickens see
the birdies Holly got this giant golden
pineapple it's all good
they cut up that big pineapple forever
look at all that plentiful snack on that
overhead it up there yes we just got to
like go a little ways that we're still
seeing like this beautiful like land
like this yeah it's not too far away
from the city please respect the land
leave only footprints whoa what are
these those are cool is that a jackfruit
I try jackfruit Cambodia we got to find
one here in Hawaii for Missy to try that
might not be M
we are walking through some foliage now
a great sport make sure what do you
think about ollie
yeah you're hanging out with data
that'll be here right there
oh thanks babe baby
like you can't see me you can't see me
water is very very fresh
there is a lady who just splashed them
to the water Missy we explained what's
going on she's buck naked Holly don't
look don't look
all right we are walking to the other
Falls it's about one and a half mile
trip come on ollie
come on buddy and I just cannot believe
the beauty around here it's amazing and
if you notice Missy is walking with one
shoe on because we lost a shoe at the
fall we looked everywhere for it
so now Missy is closer to nature yep
yeah but that lady she would barefoot
she inspires you barefoot and naked she
was naked to go barefoot I'm not gonna
go naked but I will go barefoot oh my
gosh it's a dork I just found another
shoe that is amazing it's like a little
girl shoe good fine Jim god this person
doesn't have a fungus that is so funny
Missy and it was the right foot yes it's
like a Cinderella story maybe really big
oh my son just jump off read someone to
jump from the water
we were walking through this little
water area to get to the Falls up there
the water feels so good how you doing
babe
look at this you guys how crazy cool is
that we just slam under that this is so
amazing now we can just like walk off
happy yeah this waterfall here this is
cool to the epiphyses I like your face
so I've literally swim with you guys
with the waterfall I can go under you
look so cool don't you ollie rockin your
tricks in hat hey he's just been going
around putting it on by himself
put it on it's it's very difficult for
him to do sometimes there we go there we
go
I don't know why he's putting it on like
that I literally never do that
alright Ollie are you all ready for bed
oh you got the disc tray out oh don't
leave it in there it's supposed to stay
attached great for bed yes you are oh
you're singing daddy's song huh I love
you he said I love you daddy
I love close enough guess what guys
exciting news i right now I'm uploading
my lyric video for who knew on my
personal channel youtube.com slash Bryan
Lanning and I'm really really excited
the lyric video turned out really really
awesome I think it's going to be a
really good complement to the music
video when that's out a little bit later
so I'm actually going to have a link
down below in the description for a link
to the lyric video on my personal
channel and if you guys aren't
subscribed to that channel it's where I
upload like my music videos and my
personal vlogs and stuff like that
so make sure you subscribe to my channel
so that you could be the first to see my
music video when it comes out a little
bit later so yeah I'm really excited for
the lyric video my director did a really
great shot getting footage and I
actually had someone really awesome to
graphics his name is James chick and he
actually has a daily vlog channel with
his family I'll have it linked below and
also linked in the lyric video so you
guys can check them out please go check
it out give it a big thumbs up just like
this vlog
because I'm going to go ahead and end it
here we had a super busy awesome day in
Hawaii and tomorrow is actually a big
wedding but don't worry because we still
have a handful of Hawaii bugs coming
your way after that too so I hope you
guys enjoyed this vlog thank you for
watching we will see you tomorrow we
probe and out of this town in all the
places we go now to use the troubles
we'd overcome whoo
usually tear down and all the crowd
we would have found
and if everyday you tell me what it
believed you
we were just kids
love just wanted
