good morning beautiful Maui is this
amazing
we're on our little porch balcony eating
some breakfast I made myself like a egg
bacon sandwich thing mrs. eating my
leftover bacon I'm sorry I woke up like
wide awake I think I was wide awake you
like 6:00 a.m. I was invited wait
about 4:30
he loves Apple Jacks yeah look at this
view I don't think I can get over this
you guys but today we're actually going
to be out there on the ocean we're gonna
do a bit of snorkeling I think that's
one of the funnest things I'm looking
forward doing I hope we see some turtles
are you giving you cousins a hug
he's like alright enough with the hugs
people do you see his outfit he's
wearing he's wearing a tank top with
flowers and then matching shorts and
then flip-flops
he's don't cutemon up and I already
sprayed him with sunscreen gosh are they
oh yes I'm leaving Jessica with more
shoes because I don't think they'll
actually stay on but anyways we're going
snorkeling and so Jessica's gonna watch
Ollie so we'll see how that goes cuz
Ollie isn't really a leave me with
anyone he wants he wants open he can
wash you me do it but he's gonna have
tons of fun with his cousins we're
hoping that actually he'll play with
them and then we could just kind of the
boy but that had me been noticing both
Wilson
that is a very oh we do not have
dark blue oceans like this in California
is so so crazy we're seeing so many
different kinds of fish some big ones
some small ones
it's amazing
oh my gosh that would tell George
boulders so many different kinds of fish
yeah that blue parrotfish yeah like
there's one thing for an angelfish
yeah it's crystal yeah it's weird coming
back to like oh yeah we live up here now
they're gonna take us to one more place
where the seagulls are so blue you can
see yeah yeah excited for that
all they learned to hang on to mommy in
the photo oh and let go apparently go go
go over here we have some fun with us we
were out on the ocean all day without
them sorry uncle clay right so efficient
handle went hey one two guys we just
left a really cool little um what is the
cold picture gift shop and we got a
bunch of little souvenirs and we got
couple hats got one for my dad cuz you
know how much my dad loves hats just go
up this guy's good I don't know if Diane
even fits right right now my ass to it
and look at Brian's it says hi alright
with the Hawaii State on it looks good
on them up hey toys I know I know it
means hello
I'm logging anyway um yeah so he had to
take off his California hat and put a
white hat on now I represent you're
representing yep it's my stag on cuz
that's Ryan's been editing because we
had a lot of footage today because we
went snorkeling and it was seriously
amazing it was so amazing and everything
if you liked it snorkeling in California
is fun and there's a lot of cool fish
but this was nothing like I've ever seen
before like 20 different species of fish
oh yeah oh for sure not to mention the
other things the octopus and stuff so
anyways it was really really awesome
Sunday and then we actually my aunt and
my uncle and a couple of my family
members went on a 8 hour boat tour which
I was like flat I'd never want to go on
a boat for 8 hours and I barely lasted a
little amount of time that we were on
but they caught huge mahi mahi and Ono
which is I guess like a Hawaiian fish
right yeah yeah and so we just had we
just grilled that up and ate it by the
pool just now and it was so good like
best money money I've ever had yeah I
was amazing so tender and juicy and hot
always passed out I mean literally you
feel asleep in like seconds he played in
the pool so long today no we actually
went swimming twice in the second time I
went swimming he literally did tricks
for everyone that was watching for him
and clapping for him it was so funny he
just could not stop like he was
literally out of breath he's like like
jumping again yeah it was really cool
we're exhausted literally exhausted
we're gonna go to bed and tomorrow we
have another Sun Gatien so that's
exciting if you guys enjoyed today's
vlog the thumbs up button and if you
haven't gotten my new song on iTunes
I'll have a link
yes okay okay Aloha I mean goodbye
who you we probe and out of this town in
all the places
the troubles we'd overcome who knew
we tear down and all the crowd
who knew the life we would have found
and if everyday you tell me what it
believed you
we were just kidding
just one in the
