I musta done it right or something I
don't know if you can tell do you see
how orange
my fingers are there's really really
really coarse so now I feel so dumb he
isn't a trans Jim
we have Blue's Clues on always hanging
out with Papa because today we're doing
something really cool we're going on a
trip that is Missy's parents luggage
they of course are better than us
because they're you packed way before us
and we are still packing last minute hey
Missy you know we're going on a trip
we're going on a trip today and you're
in here doing your sister's makeup I
know I know we're trying to figure out
what's a good eye shadow for her which
is our dress it's super pretty she's
wearing big black stilettos which I'm
not sure about that look with that girl
like a dark pinky purple when I blue the
blue is gonna work that's like the red
dress from that One Direction song her
mom don't like when she wear those
dresses like that right yeah that's
happening in here they're getting ready
for Cassie's prom
Ali's bag is packed which is great he's
got lots of diapers and I still not um
we're doing some last-minute packing
today
and I think the shuttle is coming to
pick us up and like an hour and a half
we have our bathroom stuff like our
shampoo conditioner
got shavers hair spray deodorant stuff
like that toothbrush toothpaste oh
that's good all the hair stuff cuz we
are going to a wedding I don't know if
you guys know this but we're going to a
wedding and it's in Hawaii and not just
Hawaii
it's an owwie we're going to Maui how
cool is that
really excited um I've never been to
Hawaii I don't think Missy's ever been
to Hawaii I think it's gonna be a fun
trip we're going with her mom and dad
and Ali's coming we're kind of just
turned it into like a cool little
Hawaiian vacation we're pretty excited
but we have to get packed today so it's
my job to put all these clothes into
this suitcase so that I'm prepared so I
had to get my clothes for what I'm gonna
wear on the plane tomorrow probably just
gonna wear this today and wear it to bed
we got an overnight bag because we're
gonna be staying in a hotel so that we
don't miss our flight tomorrow Olly
Steve didn't help come on Ollie come on
all I got to put you in the suitcase
you're gonna take it back yeah yeah come
on come on ollie Oh
alright babe come on we got to put Ollie
in the suitcase we got to pack him up
he's such a Butthead
and weird all right Ali we are already
almost ready to go to Hawaii but we need
the best thing in the world you can
never leave without it no you don't like
that all right guys I'm gonna admit a
secret I feel really dumb so about two
weeks ago I tried out this self Wow
it's kind of like a fake Tanner it was
obviously safe and I just didn't want to
like go in the Sun and tan like that but
I just want to have a little bit of
color for Hawaii so I tried it out and I
loved it I felt like it gave like some
color to my like legs and I just tried
it like on my leg so it wouldn't be like
everywhere um and so I just try it on my
legs and it was really nice I really
liked it and so this morning I was like
okay I'm gonna use it for Hawaii so I
actually did it all over I did my legs
my tummy my chest my face my hands and I
feel so stupid my hands are literally
turning orange you guys I I must not
have done it right or something I don't
know if you can tell do you see how
Orange
my fingers are they're really really
really hard so now I feel so dumb what
happened I'm turning orange because of
the tanner yeah oh why didn't I take it
out to make sure but I think it will go
into my hands cuz I just I didn't wash
my hands so I must've I should have
probably washed it he's so cute yeah
yeah you're being good yeah you excited
it's anger Hawaii
we're gonna go to Maui good good bye
pilot papa and there's like yeah we
don't need me about that you go bye bye
Oh Papa Papa yeah ball he sees the light
bulbs Oh anyway I guess I might be a
little orange for Hawaii which is kind
of a bummer but hopefully it'll fade
quickly which it did the first time on
my legs I pretty much like within two
three days it was gone basically so well
we're good
you wouldn't it be nice if we could just
Kim and not worry about him on the
airplane Ali can you write in the
suitcase will you pack for me we put all
my clothes in the suitcase
whoa oh it's okay are you okay he's
being mr. dramatic now play go hang out
with Papa look he's even got a suitcase
bag he's ready to go and we're not ready
to go babe no we're not we are t-minus
one hour and 20 minutes before ry gets
here oh my gosh yeah you want the ball I
packed the balls oh did you you know
they're never anywhere without the ball
karma are you gonna come to Hawaii with
us can I put you in the suitcase it's
going on with you kid he's really just
been like this all day and he's going
through a thing we're working on it yeah
right now yeah we're are here Oh Papa I
don't know why he's like into terrible
twos a little bit early yeah he does
just lots of tantrums working on it big
time and it just sucks because we're
going on vacation and we kinda have to
work on vacation on the airplane in the
hotel on the beach about yep teaching
your kids how to be good and we get to
do that in Maui so you can't really
complain oh my gosh I need to start okay
so this is all my underwear this is
literally my underwear right now is on
the Internet
there we go those only shirts those are
my shorts I'm gonna bring a couple pairs
of socks I did make sure to bring your
you bringing tennis shoes babe
yeah we need tennis shoes because we are
going to playing but we'll probably
going a little bit of hiking we have a
couples massage we're going ziplining
we're going hiking we're going
snorkeling we're going on a boat in the
ocean we're gonna do a lot of fun things
so get in fun and we're going go away
which is like awesome
in a way you guys know any really cool
restaurant suggestions for Maui lettuce
and
the comments because we want to eat lots
of really good food that's one of the
best things that you do while traveling
is eat lots of really good food and so
we need suggestions because we don't
know what's going on there like maybe
hints or secrets about yeah like places
like you like this shirt by the way
yeah that's cool cool colorful yeah
because I've heard like those places you
can just like get off on the freeway and
that's like the best little secret
feature oh yeah so if you guys have any
tips that would be awesome
um but yeah I'm really I'm really
excited I'm excited my parents are going
because they have not been on a vacation
yeah and probably never barely pause in
some honeymoon
yeah we never went on vacations I was a
kid unless we were just going to like go
visit family which I mean counts as a
vacation but never like never like this
yeah and they're going with you and I so
Missy and I are gonna make sure that
they have lots of lots of fun they make
it worth it I'm so excited for them and
also I don't know and like my daddy
looks so hard like he works so many
hours a week probably over 15 hours
every day he drives constantly he
seriously deserves this vacation and I'm
just excited that he gets to go on
vacation and like and like relax but ya
never had weeks off like ever
no it's pretty cool so happy for then
that's probably when I'm like more happy
about than anything else if you enjoyed
our stressful packing click the thumbs
up button we packed the entire time we
are vlogging I'm like well my eye makes
me oh wait yours done too right yeah
we're done packing okay cuz the cars
gonna be here like you know any minute
yep freckles past the hair but I had my
Apple watch I would know Missy alright
thank you guys so much for watching
umm we'll see you guys in Hawaii it's
everywhere
in all the places we go now
we'd overcome all these are triangles
that we have here you have to call one
side a-a-alright atmosphere and the name
right motive sedan right
well I like looking at the ER you do
ever filling up for my performance shot
this is gonna be watching Wow a piece of
pita oh she is scarfing a piece of piece
of bra play he's like uh
