yes we never seem to have much love to
spare or we would take us everywhere we
are making breakfast this morning you
guys and things are getting a little bit
messy yeah I know you're just sitting
there watching me huh
Mama's upstairs doing her makeup I think
you just did a little I roll I'm not
certain but I think he did yeah good
morning guys I am making breakfast
we are leaving early this morning to go
shoot stuff for the music video and my
mom my sister are leaving so you have to
say goodbye to them and so I thought I'd
leave everyone off with some good
old-fashioned buttermilk pancakes
grandma and Ollie our feet in the fishy
this morning gonna feed the fishy take a
fetus fishy fishy
yay good job job now hashtag have some
breakfast
yep different food there's enough food
bye
all right Ollie it's time to go you
gotta say goodbye to Graham loves loves
yes yes Mama's right there I love you
honey bye-bye
BAM do you guys see this hair I went all
out today we are headed to day two of
the who knew music videos yes and I'm in
it this time yeah so I'm excited so I
got all I got all pretty I haven't done
my hair like this so I haven't done my
hair period in so long I've been just
throwing it up and buns I've just been
so busy and not really having the time
so anyways we are dropping Ollie off
with Mimi and Papa so that he can hang
out then they're getting ready for
Hawaii today I'm supposed to be getting
ready for Hawaii everything is just
crazy crazy crazy but it's exciting
crazy and I'm excited to be in Hawaii so
we can just I'm sorry we're so ready
it's not it's like not news I don't know
how why our schedule got this back but
we're definitely a little overextended
right now than it has happened yeah I
think our place usually pretty cool and
see now it's just overflowing and we're
like scatterbrained but we just gotta
get through today and then Charles
basically all about Hawaii right yeah we
got just a few more hours of craziness
and then it's Hawaii go time so we are
on day two of the whoo new music video
shoot and we just met Justin and Jordyn
Justin and Jordyn these are our actors
and they're kind of playing like younger
versions of us kind of like my new kind
of goes yes I'd say Justin you are like
just way cooler than nope you know you
guys I was not that cool in high school
okay so I'm stoked that yes I'm sorry
about the hair quite then yeah yeah no
but you guys look great thank you for
being here I really appreciate it it's
cool that they're being a part of the
shoot so we have a little classroom
setup hi guys how's it going
so this is our everyone wave these are
all our extras who came out this is the
teacher who do you know what what you're
teaching about today what do you mean
geometry geometry darian theorem
yeah I don't think I was ever in
geometry class with Missy but it's still
funny so look at this Pythagorean
theorem is that we you said yeah it's
been a while you guys been a while you
guys thank you guys so much for coming
out and doing this I appreciate it
this is cool thank you high-five so we
have a little easter egg in the video
and I'm really excited about it so this
is a necklace that Brian got me in high
school it's super weird but it's a rib
exploit so funny um and he just he got
it for me and so we're actually I don't
even know really why I know is just kind
of funny this one is a mushroom and like
fine I found this one and so we're gonna
incorporate in the video where like
Brian gives it to me and then you'll see
me later yeah you're wearing it they
still have it no it's cool it's like a
cool little Easter Egg so we used to
talk in class one I don't know this is
cooler you got this bro you can do this
good if we contacted here so if you guys
know justin is putting a contacting cuz
he has brown eyes did you get it Oh
almost almost had it
these others are stupid haha go dude
like paper they're so thin okay look at
this
go Huskies this is our high school
mascot that is so cool we're gonna have
lots of little Easter eggs over here and
look at this this this classroom you
guys did so good setting this up there's
a really funny sign over here I want to
show you this little oh if I don't
destroy the camera
I was really clumsy in high school too
so think of all these little things look
at this sign over here it says listen
and silent to have the same letters
alright so officer corns I'll take your
CD and we have young Missy and young
Brian and maybe recently met and they
started to become interested each other
and they're like wow there's some
southern spark so the middle of this
geometry class our professor or teacher
mr. bloom right here it is I'm really
excited about teaching these guys
geometry oh we change his name to mr.
Davis Oh mr. Tsai was one of our
teachers sorry you will direct him is
mr. teacher yes
yes so young Brian is not caring at all
about this class all he's thinking about
is young Missy
so there's him here back and forth he's
writing her cute notes and she's smiling
and giggling just thinking all this
guy's thinking about me so this whole
thing just them you know turning a smile
and passing notes and at the end of it
mr. Davis kind of catches on what's
going on he just stares him down pretty
intensely whole class kind of looks at
it's like everyone's silent it's that
moment of oh we're talking and everyone
else is looking at us so not to see any
questions let's go huh can you believe
we got this all going is so cool
basically if I have half a night we have
a triangle here on the wrong side of
this triangle is called the hypotenuse
our triangles that we have here you have
to call one side eh all right let's
think of a word that starts with a how
about atmosphere all right so atmosphere
and the Nano going all right so we know
it's just bananas I said grossie all
right well I like looking at it all
right so we're gonna do Abra standing up
for my performance shot this is gonna be
watching me while eating a piece of
pizza oh she is scarfing a piece of
pizza brah like she's like uh no Jean
yeah I know right
so funny huh yeah this is the next shot
we're setting up look at that cute photo
Missy on a frozen lake we're doing like
a little performance shot huh I took
this picture I remember yeah that was
cool she jumped right on the lake and I
was like uh yes that was crazy
and it was called so your spinal that's
so cliche Sawyer's pond is probably like
50 million soryo ponds are yeah you're
gonna sit here Missy after that we can
probably have you move your basket back
you know there's gonna sing to me and
I'm sitting in the same spot that the
younger Missy's got it in school oh you
are I
yeah I'm just sitting here like I used
to sit here in high school baby that
that's so cool this is what my
performance shot looks like we got the
slide show running over me while I'm
singing to Missy
that's cool I love the light like on her
hair Yeah right edge there that's
awesome
all right you guys that is a wrap on
this location and this day of shooting
thank you guys so much for coming and
being extras and diligently doing your
school work I appreciate it look at this
you guys they all that pizza yeah I got
some three pizzas I didn't get a pizza
you ain't my slice of pizza Missy Missy
was like I need pizza in me now military
rations what millet oh this is so cool
oh the energy bar chocolate flavor are
these good do you eat these we're in so
much traffic whoa yeah get a lot of fun
it was just fun doing a shoot like that
and there's fun like kind of recreating
scenes from our high school years yeah
we tried to chase like really good we
did we try to choose like a lot of
little Easter eggs yeah we have a sign
that says like go Huskies and that was
like the mascot
yeah yeah just like little things and
just like and finally getting to meet
the actors yeah we had these pictures of
them yeah and they're not even really
they're not like portraying us cuz the
guy who sort of represent me looks
nothing like me yeah yeah but it's kind
of just supposed to not really represent
us as individuals but sort of represent
us as like
yeah but the girl it's a lot like Missy
he does kind of break more at least when
I was like when I had darker hair and I
was going stuff so it was cool um they
even they even died Justin's hair that
more yeah and he was putting in blue
contacts yeah to get a little bit more
like me yeah I think it's just supposed
to represent like young couples and it's
telling our story but you know it
they're not just they're not supposed to
be just like we didn't want to play us
as our characters like we just wanted it
for people to be able to relate to it as
just young couple and set up
that's Missy and Brian but yeah it was a
lot of fun but we're headed back it's
gonna be a slow drive back though so I
have to like try and pay attention so I
don't throw up like I did on the way
there where huh you like just turned
around hey stay high hey stop I'm not
watching that right now
you even wanna watch frozen Hey he
thinks if he's really super cute we'll
let him watch frozen we're not watching
frozen today oh my goodness anyways
we're ho we've been hanging out with
Ollie this is what we do do you want
milk or juice yeah okay in a second you
tell me do you want milk or juice oh you
want milk or juice milk I did tell me if
you are not gonna do it I want that ball
do you have fun with Mimi and Papa yeah
did you just tell them how much you want
to see mama hey go say thank your mama
dick thank you say thank you say thank
you okay
mm ah good job hey juice you know you
not supposed to say that word huh no
yeah you're not you're not supposed to
say no you say no thank you
go give daddy a hug right now okay let
me say yes ma'am
oh you get a hug um you dad done nein
nein
I told everyone in the family that no
one's allowed to say the F word around
Holi meaning frozen where is it where is
your hand ah ah it's gummy Oh got it
whoa okay we definitely have to move
that chair back he's having way too much
fun
Ollie okay good job
are you having fun go to blankie penguin
a night that's all for today's vlog
Ollie
you're going night-night would you like
it or not I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog did it say thumbs up like
thumbs up the vlog we had a blast
filming at the music video today and
when I have a release date for that I
will let you guys know and the lyric
video is almost finished too
so I'll have that up really soon for you
guys it's pretty interesting though I
like the way it's starting to look I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog do it
all he did give the bug thumbs up right
ollie
no I'm day bye-bye nobody can stop oh
yeah that's the ball right on there yeah
good job you guys tomorrow bye you give
them a kiss I like everywhere
in all the places we go now
cause we'd overcome who knew
cool
usually checkout
and all the crowd
who knew the life we would have found
and if every day you tell me what it
believed you
Oh
