alright Olli I want you to say cheese
T are you shy cheese say Happy Easter
hey say Easter he apparently wants to go
back to bed
Happy Easter guys today is Easter Sunday
our second Easter with Olli right Nick I
don't know I guess yeah I think I think
it's our second user Holly we are all
dressed and ready for the day should we
do a little Easter outfit of the day all
right
Ali show us what you're wearing you
wearing this really cool striped shirt
from Target and these jean shorts
he's spinning he's spinning he's showing
you what it's all about he's looking
good ever in a white dress and I've got
a little blue shawl over it turn around
do a spin got a little bow in her hair
and some white flip-flops all right what
do we have
I got my cool weird flag shirt from it
looks like polka dots but when you get
closest flag quickly about this like a
year ago and I got some shorts and
that's all I'm boring
wait we aren't like super prepared for
Easter everything we were choosing to
wear today we had worn last year and
someone tweeted me a photo of us on
Easter last year and this is like can
only wear this and I was like you wear
that last year and then you brought that
dress you were that Lovato's yeah
haha we all like nice I think our happy
little family
look at this climber he wants to kind of
fill badly you're doing good buddy keep
going he does this one really good you
kind of have to guide him a little and
he just forgets if you show him once a
day he'll get it yo let him go let him
go VIN he's good
he'll swing him over whoo good job buddy
good job we'll go down the slide before
let's mama and Dada on their honeymoon
whoo the Easter Bunny did not come to
our house I don't know why why didn't he
stir bunny come to our house Missy
oh we just figured he'd be going to Mimi
a Popeye's I guess Holi is about to come
in but I wanted like see if I can catch
his reaction hey what's in there hey Oh
what in the fish oh my gosh
Mimi what is that oh oh oh my gosh what
is that oh there's an Easter egg hunt
going on maybe Easter Bunny came here
the Easter Bunny did come they didn't
come to our house this is awesome this
is enabling your house go look for the
eggs go look over there you see this
let's get it like how do I open it thing
put it in a basket okay grab this one
over here and more
oh good job anymore ah the ball oh yeah
here put it in there good job keep my
look inside Leo's bed what's in Leo is
there something the crate well I would
surround oh there's more there's more
all right let's go find more here here
you can put it in here oh okay yeah this
is the giant easter basket apparently no
make sure he doesn't lose that one oh
look I like get on get on what okay he
does not get it golly
Ali look at look up there look at up
here shut up good job you're getting so
many guy scar oh my gosh I take it there
was a theme this year the Easter Bunny
went all out you like get me up there
is that cool mom a frozen ball Wow Missy
he's so gonna need rehab after this you
have
before to false tears open it oh here's
one look at all those different angles
ooh that's what they do they bounce good
job buddy look at all that and more
balls for your ball pit look at this wow
this one's cool
nobody eating the addiction let's leave
it a world map one educational this is
when we are happy Easter Olli were you
surprised all I got into his ball pit
now he's playing with all his balls and
putting them in the holes that one
doesn't fit silly he's having so much
fun
look at that muscular little dude Holley
like this like this put your John here
muscle flexing he looks so buff dude you
don't have a ball are you trying to
steal some balls get it get it oh he's a
caught blue purple red orange handed Oh
Papa just had Easter dinner over here at
our family's house and now there's a
bunch of ball action going on out here
whoa oh I hope that I can my slam dunk
on going hard look at we got a football
we have a bat ball a tetherball a
basketball I look at all these balls ha
ha ha Oh Bailey he doesn't even care
that Bailey just threw that ball into
his face he's like it's mine it's mine
get the ball he liked your house yes can
you dunk CJ
well you got it dunk can you dunk there
you go house that's pretty much dunk
good job he's like hey it doesn't go
through that's buddy say thank you oh
happy Easter Karma did you have a fun
Easter you know what they're not here
yet but Ollie got tons of balls like
tons of balls are you excited you're not
going to be able to play with them too
much though I know it's so sad
he's like hoping to go on a walk or
something you know we're not going to do
that right now
we just got back to the house and we had
a really really fun Easter and all I got
home and he was like meaning he wants to
watch frozen so we put frozen on Bryan
passed out on the couch I think I'm
being a little loud right now and so I'm
always just been relaxing watching
frozen huh you like this show no he does
I gotta make always something to eat for
dinner cuz he didn't really eat much
while we're out he doesn't really like
ham and we had ham for our lunch rush
dinner so what do you want for dinner
what do you want to eat no no no no you
just no all right guys that was our
Easter we really didn't do much hung out
a lot with family um but it was a really
good day it was really cool getting to
see all her be surprised with this
little ball pit that made me a Papa got
him which was really cool because he's
obsessed I was just thinking about this
past week and how it's been probably one
of the busiest weeks that we've had in a
long long time so I'm pretty much
exhausted I guess that's what I'm trying
to tell you this model is a new day a
week life continues tomorrow Missy is
going to her doctor's appointment
and all and I think are gonna hang back
and get some stuff done but thanks for
watching today's vlog I hope you guys
had a really awesome Easter let me know
what you guys did in the comments below
and if you enjoyed this vlog give it a
thumbs up and see you guys tomorrow
so cute how you talk
I am hot
and that's where I wanna be
yeah wherever you're with me
