my chest we never seem to have much love
to spare or we will take us everywhere
Oliver
good morning Oliver mama what about dad
dad good morning guys Ollie is so weird
whenever he whenever I am with him he
always says I want mama whenever his
mama's with him he says I want dad dad
can you just make up your mind kid no
how'd you sleep
did you have a good little nap you want
to go back to bed same here who doesn't
want to go back to bed
good good say hi welcome to the day we
can have a fun day yeah you in the
swimming yeah just like that
all right let's doll Ollie what are you
doing come on I need to make you food
wait whoa
what do you do it you just do stuff on
the computer so funny this kid loves
climbing on okay you're okay
Oh climbing on my chair and controlling
my computer
can I spin you around this is happening
Ollie we're spinning you we're spinning
how do you feel sit on your bottom ollie
kid oh ho ho hi he climbed up in the
chair all by himself to chew food you
love peanut butter and jelly huh and
watermelon now that you've learned to
get up here all you should really learn
to put these straps on but I guess he
feeling how to do that
then he know how to take them off good
morning guys will to be honest
good afternoon I have been cleaning all
morning long houses finally I think
clean I've actually also been doing a
lot of laundry ok I really tried guys I
was like I'm gonna do just one load
everyday and I'll hold it put it in the
washer and be super easy you know just
just one low not that bad but I just
didn't keep up with it I guess I I would
put like the clothes that I need to hang
here and then I never hang them and then
I would start forget to start a load so
I have to start it in the morning and
finish you can disaster my whole cause
it was full of dirty clothes so I did
like everything today I hung up like
every single thing of our clothes and
always clothes and put away clothes and
wash clothes and dried clothes and did
all the clothes all the clothes hey what
are you doing what's wrong
your finger yep there is little balls in
there I know it always frustrates you
that there's balls in there here why
don't you roll you can hear how the
balls make sound oh yeah not cool yeah
it's a magic pocket you can push it
around
I've just been cleaning cleaning
cleaning and industries cleaning puking
really sick today
hey you need to be quiet ok you gotta
let me talk I know it's such a bummer
when mommy has to talk always swinging
like a monkey swing like a monkey
karma hates it when he does this when
karma season do this he like freaks out
he just yeah I don't know he's really
like protective of ollie but yet Kelso
doesn't care he's kind of like get away
from me but also don't do that I was you
get hurt you've been having all kind
fun today just playing keeps knocking
down the toilet paper one last load to
to full it just came out of the dryer
and all I just had to flop himself on it
it that feel good it's really warm it
feels really nice yeah that is outside
cleaning isn't that funny
I remember our dogs we had to what what
is they used to always like it so
excited with me papa papa
yeah but yeah in this feel nice ah feels
so good it now I'm just gotta fold it
all you're not the best helper a folding
huh you just like to throw the clothes
Ollie looks good oh he's scared of it my
mom and my sister are here and they
brought this thing yeah spica's got all
you it's super cute I want him to use it
but he's kind of scared of her huh I
know it's a little posit so cute in a
little tail I'll tell you chill so what
were you saying about my cookie jar
we're saying the cookie jars are empty
they're considered the stupidest cookie
it's Mike Bettes
everyone what and they took they ate all
their doughnuts
it has um crumbs from animal animal
crackers and it has Reese's but no
cookies yeah we'll make cookies tonight
but they're not theirs on the neck they
don't last very long cookies don't last
long in this house ball and apparently
not neither do doughnuts doughnuts won't
even all right we are all headed out to
the pool what do you think mom isn't
this awesome
and all he's such a good little swimmer
too huh yeah is he been jumping in
what's in your mom
the ball is the water kind of cool okay
wanna swim he's gonna get annoyed that
soon feels valid Gary I felt in you oh
is the hot tub on yeah the hot tub feels
super nice and warm and that's what all
he's used to so he normally doesn't last
long in actual we got some sun-dried
tomatoes here with a little bit of a dr.
pepper sauce as you can tell no that was
not intentional oh my mom okay my mom
opened up the dr. pepper and it
literally went crazy everywhere it was
great it was one of those moments where
I'm like mom you gotta tell me
beforehand so I can pull up the camera
and get it on camera we kind of had a
dr. pepper explosion some of the
shrimp's yes
there's like three or four streams that
have tails cuz I forgot yeah okay
but I made a penne pasta for dinner
tonight wonderful thank you did he
really hot it's hot all right guys
Olli is asleep and we had a really fun
day you know with my mom and sister but
before I wanted to end today's vlog I
wanted to update you guys on how to be
an extra in my music video so I have a
Facebook of that page a Halloween tool
that has all the information on it
but basically we have a time a location
and a date it's going to be this 20 it's
going to be April 20th this Monday
I know it's a little bit short notice
but this is kind of just what came up so
it's going to be on this Monday starting
at 11:30 a.m. and we're going to shoot
some classroom locations and then after
we're done with that we're going to go
to another location which is pretty
close by to shoot some of the locker
scenes so we definitely need people to
help out with this but since there is a
limited amount of space we can only work
with a certain amount of people so what
we're going to do is if you want to be
an extra and you can go to those
locations and be at those times we need
you to email me at daily bumps at iCloud
comm all this is in the page too so I'm
just kind of reiterating come and then
my director will have to approve who can
be there so to clarify we're going to be
shooting at two different locations
starting at 11:30 this Monday the 20th
the first location is going to be in
Tustin California and the next is going
to be San Clemente so if you're in that
area and you can come and help out
please send us an email and if we can
get you on the list we will do it no
we're going to have a lot more inquiries
for girls and boys so girls if you do
get approved and you can bring a male
friend who can also be a high school
student that would be awesome
but I'm really excited that I'm going to
be able to shoot this right before I
leave to Hawaii so maybe hopefully I can
get you something soon so but that's all
for today's vlog please check out those
links below in the description and if
you haven't got my new song on iTunes
who knew it's on iTunes so go get it
what are you doing
link down below thank you guys so much
for watching and supporting and loving
and I just appreciate you guys so much
don't stink of the bargain phone box
well if you didn't the first time now's
your chance thanks guys we'll see
tomorrow bye everywhere
and out of this town in all the places
we go now pull
the troubles we'd overcome who knew
we together Brown who knew the life we
would have found
and if everyday you tell me you wouldn't
believe you
we were just kids in love just one in
the pie
