good morning guys good morning oli how
are you this morning
Oh
we got him
pancakes in a bag because he didn't
finish his breakfast and you got your
milk here I'll give that to you since
you can't really reach it so you got
your milk in your pancakes so finish
your breakfast okay
yeah you got to eat those look at mrs.
mrs. Heaton got her breakfast got it 88
yeah we didn't really have much time to
eat we're headed to a really fun event
downtown called the crosswalk because
it's Good Friday happy Good Friday
everyone I hope you have a good Friday
did you know it's good fun mm-hmm hope
you had a good Friday oh yeah hope you
had a good Friday all right here we go
so this is the crosswalk and if you guys
don't know this is an annual event that
happens every year on Good Friday and
it's basically to signify the path that
Jesus walked with the cross on his back
so it's cool because it just gives us an
opportunity who believe in the same
thing stand up for what they believe in
you would never fade away but I guess I
was wrong so tomorrow is a brand new day
we always forum although we can't all
fit through the door so Lucas the cheese
doing this nothing
oh we're back her car with air
conditioning and that's really nice
because it was a very very hot day my
gosh that Sun wiped us out we were
walking in like 90 degrees I need to
jump in the pool like right now like I
would probably jump in the pond or two
miles missing I know you just walked for
two miles you know in the burning Sun it
was that look at this guys look at this
oh wow that's crazy
that is bad that's pretty bad I got
something on oli but I just didn't do it
on me and I know I should've and I'm
silly it doesn't look at these sweat
look at the sweaty pits Giga those yeah
that's crazy I'm wearing two different
types of deodorant today put on both I
was like well down doesn't work that one
well right yeah no luckily all I didn't
get a sunburn so a a plus mommy for that
I'm really ready to get in the pool I'm
so hot I just feel like the inside of me
is still hot even though I've got you're
fishing on me right now it was nice
hanging out at the park they played
music and we just like laid in the grass
yeah yeah I even know my cousins are
gonna be there but they totally walked
the whole way we didn't see them so
it's fun getting hang out with them we
are excited to go swimmin
are you excited what do we can do go is
gonna be like wheezes arms with throat
to do swimming huh we are ready to go
swimming
Karma's ready to go swimmin get in there
Brian's actually making me some
guacamole because I am craving guacamole
so that is fun I'm really looking
forward to that and we are gonna get in
the pool see how it feels
oh yeah that feels nice that feels nice
Oh for the sunburn is already gettin
like it's like itching right here when
wear my bathing suit is kind of hurt so
that's kind of a bummer but that's okay
yay all right let me put the camera down
so we can get in I'm making wakka moly
and we picked up some really good carne
asada tonight to grill and this is the
main ingredient for the guacamole so I'm
drew this cilantro smells so good and I
don't know if this is how you're
supposed to do it but I just bunch it
all up and then take scissors and like
cut little pieces into it is that we
were supposed to do I don't know all
right you guys the water feels amazing
and I've already been in I'm gonna jump
up from here this is the highest part
hey buddy
okay you wanna watch me jump oh good
that's how Olli both bubbles now yeah in
that cool wonder water that was so good
yeah can you show us how you do it again
ready okay Sonia mommy ready
looking for you
we're gonna go under and we're gonna
wave at the camera okay say hi okay
ready
he like smiles the entire time so fake
get ball get the ball good job coming
you got the ball the pool feels so
amazing really guys I don't know why but
whatever I'm in the boy you like carne
asada that's why I knew you're gonna be
swimming no I'm gonna want carne asada
so it's almost time to start grilling
that up through the steak on the grill
you got it going it's gonna make up some
really good kind of us out of you guys
YUM check out these tacos I put together
you guys we got carne asada salsa launch
a little bit of block side of rice and
beans ali's eaten you like the rice
buddy now okay
missy is chopping up a little case of
Dilla for him and yes I know it's not
pronounced Kay cedilla
but it's just when I say that what oh
what the story about how my grandma used
to have a Mexican boyfriend
and at the table I'd always say Toit
illa and it really pissed him off he
gets so angry he's like it's Dorthea how
many times you hear that story Missy
it's just one of those stories that
always gets told you know everyone's got
those stories that you just tell oh yeah
yes Missy has told me many a stories
about her when she was little look at
all this meat you guys is so good
look how some bird I got you guys
you think Missy got sambar actually yeah
she probably got some more than me but I
have like a look at this a line do you
see that oh my gosh I'm starting to feel
it now and in my face
yeah it was bad in the shower look at my
face like I have like raccoon eyes why
didn't we put on sunscreen
why are we so stupid if you like this
happens I like I feel like I'm always so
paranoid that I'm gonna get sunburned on
my neck so I always usually put
sunscreen on but I didn't I didn't think
walking two miles in the Sun would do
that for some reason I just was not
using my head Missy is Megan CooCoo baby
oh oh gosh oh gosh oh my gosh that's so
bad oh I mean it doesn't hurt as bad as
you would think it was she's a trooper
she's a trooper you guys I look ratchet
not you look I look ratchet I just got a
shower
look at my face in that one I have that
Coon eyes is he's making cookie dough
yeah the last three batches that I made
have been terrible so she's trying to
redeem herself I'm really trying here
well she's not shy you'll redeem
yourself eventually in time there's like
a chunk of weird brown sugar right there
I'll shave myself bang bang I got this
okay
so what happens when the kids go to
sleep the parents stay up and make
cookies and actually tonight is also the
premiere of the grace Helbig show look
at grace look at that face oh man it
seems like only yesterday she was hazing
us and look if she's even got the emojis
in the background oh this is so cool
this is gonna be so good
we're really really excited to watch the
grace Helbig show so we recorded it oli
is in bed and he was like sad and crying
so I went in there and I cuddled him and
I didn't want to let him go he was just
so warm and cuddly and I just loved him
so much
no I just wept that kid all right I
forgot to actually tell him to say
night-night daddy and so Brian is like
kind of upset he quit you ready pulling
the bed it's like sorry but then I think
all I literally knew I
no no daddy yeah I got the column we're
gonna usually watch this show and go to
bed so I'm probably going to end today's
vlog but if you guys didn't see Missy
put up a twelve-week bump date and belly
shot on her channel it was like
processing forever on YouTube and it
finally sent set it to people's feeds
like like just a couple hours ago but
it's up now I'll have it linked below so
you guys can watch her new video on her
channel well thank you guys for watching
today's vlog give it a thumbs up one of
these big things right over there or
might be up there if you're on mobile
click that if you guys want to download
my song this as home if you haven't yet
if you're new I wrote a song called this
is home plays at the end of every single
buck so go get it on iTunes thanks for
watching
let's see you tomorrow bye this is
just whenever
I am home
and that's where I wanna be yeah
wherever you're with me
