Alexis's cat is so nice aren't you hey
guys what's going on we are all in the
car and Missy is driving because I
haven't eaten lunch and so I really want
to eat some lunch on the way so we
picked up some Panera and of course you
can't go to Panera Bread without getting
some bread so I'm going to eat and we're
on our way to LA actually because we're
gonna be doing a really cool collab with
a fellow youtuber and actually I'm not
really sure how much of Missy and I will
be in the video but a lot of this guy
said hey oh he is going to be in the
video gonna be really fun so I'm excited
come along with us come on come on stop
just stop stop what you're doing guys
just come on come hang out with us for a
little bit oh hey guy hey hey look a
cute little smile
I'm getting gas right now and I'm
playing with him in the window he always
loves it you always visit the big smiles
huh hi don't you I am just getting gas
on our way but I want to show you guys
everything that we're bringing for this
fun little collab we got um all these
motorcycle all his bath toys some books
hey where's your ball is this green ball
back there babe yeah he always wants the
ball
kiff well you got one foot up there what
are you doing I know look at Mama's got
it for ya all right all he's getting his
hair all styled just hey oli you looking
good just try not to read just trying to
read that up there Kay just try not to
read that up there just look away
avert your eyes he's getting his hair
all glammed up and look over with mrs. Z
money herself Z money yeah yeah a dog my
something like that DJ name is DJ a to Z
no no I already occurred him because I
go from A to Z it is e check it out
we're friend with her friend Olivia and
that's Olivia and we're just gonna shoot
a fun video her dolly look at he's all
he's like McDonald's also watch him meet
the cat oh this cat is not in the mood
he's like okay I'll just yeah and he
knows it's a cat
hey hey Keith yeah hey Huckle is gonna
get okay okay Alexis your cat is legit
amonst oh yeah sheesh Alexis also has
all these really cool like motivational
things around her room like you'll be
dead soon so make it count
got a article about Tina Fey cuz she's
dope did you watch her show um
breakable Kimmy Schmidt yeah wasn't it
so good
first season the first week you came out
yes no it was so good missing I finished
it in like three days
he's awesome alright Olly come on buddy
let's film
you're looking good buddy oh did we
mention that she has pet moss it's
pretty interesting
I'm not cat still what hi
can I pet you okay okay I won't touch
you it's okay
the cat won't hurt you it's okay we're
distracting him with a cookie I'm a geek
you Alexis's cat is so nice aren't you
hey this is going on the internet Alexis
this is happening look at that
ding Alexis that's adorable
I try look at this ladies and gentlemen
then and now that's awesome we are
filming more stuff for the video that's
going to go up on Alexis channel if I
didn't mention you guys um go subscribe
to Alexis cuz she's going to have a
video up of her and Ollie and it's
hilarious we're filming it now so I'll
have a link down below in description so
click it and subscribe to this space
thanks
Ollie's getting some nutrition before
the shot you got to keep him fed alexis
is happy cuz yeah yes pretty much that's
how we roll in our house is that good
buddy yeah okay
maybe just yeah rocketing Pete if you
put your feet up some teen parents
Emily come here if you put your feet up
we can push you like that your yoga
moves whoo go ollie left fun here we'll
put you back gently push child moving
house and he is rockin and a-rollin Hey
he loves that look at that
just having some outdoor fun time oh no
that's going to start it all right we'll
continue to add some fun from one fish I
always love to have fish
what you can smell fishing now that's so
fun alright we're done filming and now
we're actually headed out to go get some
food right yeah yeah and always back
there he's got the ladies he's just been
a little ladies man I think he's still
eating this cookie hmm oh he just had
the last bite so he's having a nice time
today and he did really good so many
think a little your teeth at the end
it'll be funny um they got an orange
English so Alexis when is that gonna be
up on your channel it'll be up not this
Sunday but the following Sunday at home
yeah so we'll let you guys know when
it's out as well me what are you doing
buddy
yeah Holly he changed his mind
Oh Oh face first is that what we're
doing is that what we're doing it's not
really working come on Oh
careful careful careful oh there we go
Oh a little bit of steam just as he's
gonna sit down at me and then we're
gonna drive and you might not make him
too happy so he's playing yeah are you
confused by the sand buddy I don't think
he likes to sit idle everybody
what do you think
we are at a place called patties with 1t
which I really think is pronounced
patties that's almost like like pirate
talk I know
Pike tastes we're going to fight taste
ha ha ha
we're just getting some food after a
long day of filming it feels really good
outside so besides the outside this is a
little cold she's got the jacket it's
all good it's all good
Oh how's that lemon buddy are you really
going for it
he's like I'm hungry give me some food
macro food action look up Missy guys oh
this looks so good is that like amazing
babe oh and we got Molly over here with
his grilled cheese whose twins in with
Olivia he's clean twinsies and by the
way it's Olivia with an A oh hey hey
guys we have started our long trek home
we didn't leave during the best time but
it's not the worst year I think we'll be
home within an hour and a half or so um
yeah really very very fun day it was a
lot of fun hanging off Alexis and her
friend Olivia and all I had a lot of fun
now he's mention on raisins oli do you
have a good day yeah
yeah he's like yeah I like his head we
had fun um but yeah he really did
they'll have a lot of fun filming that
video with her yeah it was all stuff he
liked to do so yeah for sure videos
gonna be really cool you guys really be
sure you check out Alexis his channel
and subscribe Alexis just does fun cool
videos and so I think she's gonna edit
it really fun and she's hilarious I
always laugh at her videos and if you
haven't seen her for a friends tag with
her cat it's so fun is crazy yeah it's
really seriously crazy um but anyways we
both our phones are basically like we're
about to die and we're like how are we
gonna go home we don't know how to get
anywhere in California we have to use
our phones for everything and our our
car just does not charge our phone just
not all of a sudden though yes like the
last week we plug it in and like I lose
a sense is charging I swear it sucks
battery out of our phones like we have a
charger and the charger works fine but
it does not work like our car doesn't
work so anyways I was like how are we
gonna get home and then I got the idea
of just opening up Brian's computer cuz
you just still happen to bring it sorry
battery so yeah and so we've been
charging our phones now Brian's at 50
and I'm charging my phone and we should
be able to make it home alive so that's
good but I think we're actually go ahead
and the blog because we're gonna
basically be in the car for the rest of
the night and we're gonna get home
credit late and then he's gonna edit so
give the vlog a thumbs up if you enjoyed
it if all I could he was thumbs it up
right now he's probably thumbs it up
right now actually you just can't see
him use a whole entire Mouse
just like I said my room all right both
you guys cross Spain
this is home
just
are you talk
I am home
that's where I wanna be yeah wherever
you're with me
