what good morning guys it is very very
early I got ready early this morning and
I left the house and I'm actually headed
to the studio to record my song it's
called who knew and I am really excited
but I'm also very very nervous I was
nervous when I went to the studio for
this home
and I would probably say that I'm twice
as nervous now going hitting for this
song just cuz I know it is a harder song
to sing I definitely challenged myself a
little on this song I hope that it all
goes well today I feel really great I
got lots of sleep I just remember that
feeling of being in the studio for this
home and just loving it just loving that
feeling of like creating music you know
and like being able to like sing and
listen back to it and you know critique
yourself and change yourself so it's
pretty cool and I've actually been
listening to a little bit of Tori Kelly
on the way just because she's always
been a really big inspiration of mine
just she's so talented and she's
actually from the area where we live so
yeah that's what I'm doing this morning
oh you say good morning Engler what good
morning oh good morning guys um brian is
gone for the day and he's off recording
a song I'm super bummed because as you
guys know we got back from LA and I
thought I grabbed everything out of the
car but I left my makeup bag I was
actually getting ready to film a video
and I was like personal makeup and it
did the car with Brian and he's really
far away so I am super bummed about that
but I think I mom's gonna let me boss
some of some of her makeup cuz I can't
do anything without makeup and not only
did he take makeup but he took diapers I
just bought a whole new package of
diapers so I have like no diapers left
in the house he took my purse but the
craziest thing is that randomly
yesterday when I came in from the house
I brought in my wallet so I have my
wallet so I'm very thankful for that
because if I didn't have my wallet or
money I'd be pretty upset right now like
I can't do anything can you tell me do
you do you want do you want a brother or
a sister oh you want your ball do you
want a brother or a sister
what are you doing alright guys so I am
at the studio which is actually pretty
cool I'm here with Jared yes that is the
third Jared I now know I have a buddy
named Jared Jared who helped me cope
reduce the song and then Jared who's
doing vocals so it's pretty sweet this
is his setup he's got piano this is
where all the magic happens and then
we're recording right down here down the
hall this is a microphone and it's got
like some foam padding - so does that
echo
yeah we just lay down a bunch of tracks
and how do you think it's filling Jared
think it's awesome the song feels super
great like what kind of vibe do you get
from it it feels like the next summer
jam for real yeah dude thanks chilling
at the beach listening to a song that's
kind of that's kind of what we were
going for so it's it's cool that it's
like kind of all coming together but
tell about yourself Jared what do you do
I pretty much do this I produce and
write songs with people and kind of come
in and I like to come alongside people
and help them with what they already
have oh do a lot of stuff on my own too
but I really enjoy just kind of getting
a song from somebody and like just
adding one little thing or adding just
this yeah last finishing touches its
yeah I will say he's been really helpful
to just like coming up with ideas to
like oh maybe you should sing it this
way or maybe you should add this part
like you know going into the next verse
it's been really cool so where can
people find your stuff j-money I have a
soundcloud okay should I have that link
pull up yeah okay hop Jared SoundCloud
link below so you guys can now check out
other music he's done kind of like
California country you were telling me
right some of it yeah some of it cool I
got a couple of stuff coming out
recently it'll be fun I think it'll be
great right on hey I've got all my down
for his nap and my monitor is about to
dive plug it in kind of done here my
mom's gonna head over I was starving I'm
like really hungry and I've been craving
it like thank what I'm craving is like
Mayo I don't know it sounds so coarse
might say it out loud but it's like I
don't know I just want anything
what may oh I don't know I don't know
I'm just pregnant it's weird and this is
Tucker hey Tucker come here boy come
here boy hi hi look at those long legs
you got legs for days don't you boy
my mom to the rescue she got me makeup
to put on before my video and then she
helped me actually line up my camera so
I could do my video I know I was very
helpful so I just got done filming I
think all he's just waking up from his
nap and I always am like super paranoid
about the microphone because I always
forget to turn it on and so this time I
know I remembered to turn it on so when
I turned it on it was green I was like
okay it's on we're good and then when my
mom walked in at the end of the video
it's just like um it's red I'm like did
you die I'm gonna type it right now to
make sure that it actually got my voice
till the end of the video and didn't die
the red may have just been telling me
that it was like has a low battery
hopefully I didn't just stop recording
my voice because I'd be like really
really super sad
alright we are good I put my mouse here
and I well not here okay where is it as
you can hear there is sound
so yay I don't want to refill we get it
back you guys why you decided to take a
chance take a chance on me
all right we're out and about me me to
the rescue again because we have no food
demand there's no food in the house and
so we're headed to sizzler that sounded
really good so apparently they don't
open until 3 p.m. what do you want to do
eat hungry forgot to say bye
what did you say bye-bye you were you
talking to a little friend alright guys
I'm just now leaving this studio as you
can tell my voice is a little shot I
definitely put it through its paces
today but today went very very well
really excited to see how he mixes it up
and to hear the final version it was
just so cool when you work on something
for so long you know and then you
finally start to see it come together
that's what I just happened I finally
started to see it come together so it
was really really nice he gave me this
really awesome like throat tea and it
was like medicine for my throat and it
was like this really yummy tea and I
drank it in between each take and oh my
gosh it made me sound so good I was like
wow this stuff is amazing so definitely
start utilizing that but now I'm headed
home got a bit of a drive so I'm hoping
to be traffic and she my family again he
does swim on tomorrow morning but we're
actually gonna be out of town tomorrow
and so I really wanted to still get him
into a class so I got him with a
different he did all his jumps and kicks
and rolling on guys back did you have
finally did you have fun yeah he got his
sim he told me this morning he said he
wanted to swim he was like moving his
arms like you got to swim so I was like
yeah we're gonna goes from class
although last week his teacher said that
she was gonna give him a shark ward
which is like a little award for like
achieving one of like level one or
something but since she didn't do his
class she's like this teacher didn't
know exactly what he was capable of up
capable of so we kind of didn't get to
do the shark ward so hopefully next week
we can get him a started that'd be cool
say cheese say gee
he's been doing cheese hmm hey buddy hey
buddy how was your day today with mama
you have a good day uh-huh Oh Oh did you
go to swim class house swim class you
swim with Miss Kylie dad this dad this
that's not a word that does not look
very comfortable is your neck okay
everybody I missed you miss this kid ha
ha ha this kid wants to climb can you be
careful please
oh good job you shut the light off for
mommy
mommy's taking a little snooze over
there
oh he turned the light back off turn it
off
thank you that's better mommy's taking a
little cutting out ok well the baby bump
let's see it
woohoo you show more of it in your video
yeah there's actually a bump you can see
it on my channel click the link down
below and go start dinner
Mambo yeah I got the guts to show you
the book where I showed you my pregnancy
updates so we're like wearing the same
we are wearing the same color yeah here
Reverend Trent oh I saw in Jared's
livestream he showed his belly did you
see that yeah push the bar like I gotta
live like he's pretty good at making it
look I guess pray about it mm-hmm look
at that we got a bump going I'm 12 weeks
Booya
pound it hey are you taking a bath ollie
dinner and out you really wanted a novel
sauce Ahana really you can't get between
a boy and his applesauce huh good stuff
bro yeah mmm all right guys it's bath
time for this kid we were gonna give him
a bath and then get ready for bed so I'm
gonna go ahead and end the vlog you guys
enjoyed today's vlog you did give it a
thumbs up and we'll I'll see you
tomorrow
oli can you tell him to give a thumbs up
thumbs up thumbs up poly all right no
thumbs-up for Molly today so are we make
sure you subscribe to this channel so
you can see your bump date when it goes
up on Friday we'll see you tomorrow
whoa
I am
and that's where I wanna be yeah
wherever you're with me
