yes yeah oMG look at that butter and
last but not least the syrup like to get
it all over the plate and the pancakes
so that I can dip good morning guys it's
definitely been a good morning I made
pancakes from scratch actually made
these last night because me see now
we're in the mood for pancakes and I had
leftover pancake batter for this morning
look at that look at all the butter slid
off butters like good you guys
guru yeah that's my food you ate all
your pancakes good job buddy you want to
eat your bananas whoa
yeah ball eat your ball eat the ball ah
eat the pot that's a ball eat it it's
okay to trick your kids teeth sometimes
huh good morning
oh good morning are they
it's doing you actually have the makeup
out okay all right all right I usually
cut them in here with Russian not my
actual makeup what are you doing I have
no clue no clue I'm just doing your
makeup gotta look good for the day huh
you so cute hi you so cute such a
copycat - yep all right let mom let
mommy do her makeup and you can play
with something else huh goodness check
it out you guys
I woke up this morning and I looked at
my calendar for the day and guess what
I have nothing planned that hasn't
happened in probably three weeks I have
like a free day like this in a long time
so I'm gonna take advantage of it today
and just like clean and relax and all
that jazz this has been a very busy
month for us and it's going to continue
to be so it's nice it's a beautiful day
here in sunny Southern California look
at barely a cloud in the sky you guys I
went all natural today I've got my curly
hair going on I didn't really want to do
it I'm with my mom
I actually ditched Bryan today you
really have much work to do but you want
to play video games so I was like okay
you bitch play video games and I'll take
Ali and
my mom and then tomorrow I might leave
him with Olli we'll see but were
actually headed to go get Olli a haircut
and of course the kid fell asleep all I
say hi so he is out I'm gonna have to
probably wake him up because we got to
get his haircut look at this kid
so exhausted but gotta go Oh a little
something hi
if you displeased you can wake up its
knees hey we forgot the fall all you
means are good now you just watch -
Mickey Mouse don't dime out you're doing
so good hey hey that wasn't too excited
but it's doing good now okay I'm not
going anywhere
the roads it's so pretty yeah
you smell it it's a pretty flower huh
your wife Ella this was long on your
neck and ears
I don't really good good all right look
out hand to me it and even got a sucker
for being so good did you get do good on
your haircut oli happened hey yeah don't
get so gross okay I just touched your
kind of touching the lollipop park yep
he did really good he kind of got a
little squirmy sometimes and a little
like what are you doing what why are you
putting those things there but his
haircut looks super cute I love it you
you look don't look like a ragamuffin
anymore you're looking a little raggedy
yeah well Kosho doubt that later okay
you guys check out this little cutie of
mine I love your haircut buddy what yeah
daddy's got a nice haircut nice
look what came today you guys our nature
box came we got lots of goodies like
coffee kettle popcorn big island
pineapple chocolate hazelnut granola
cranberry medley cranberry pita chips
YUM you guys want to get free snacks
from nature box check out the link below
in the description but I thought it
would be a good time to give alia a
little plethora of snacks so we'll see
what he chooses you want to try the
falls first yummo pineapple good time
bigger than pineapple you like that
actually look like a piece also good
stop okay you have to eat it fast in
this house what about this ollie I got
this cranberry raisin meglio let its
raisins and cranberries you're gonna eat
the pineapple first see how nature box
is really good because it just put
together a little snack plate for ollie
these cran raisins are really good to
mix in with the granola and he loves
raisins so I bet he'll like these oh
those are good like those I've always
preferred cran raisins over regular
raisins hey babe try these what is it
they're like crisps with cran cranberry
are they sweet yeah - oh it's a sticky
kind of cinnamon need oh really - cool
like those ones huh YUM yeah naturebox
has lots of really cool snack options
and a lot of them are really really good
for toddlers and young kids so we like
to give Ollie naturebox snacks don't we
yeah Wow you guys would like to get some
free snacks shipped to your door just
check out our link below in the
description to check out nature box
why do you find that so fun but when
you're in your stroller you just try and
get out yeah seriously though like he
thinks is the funnest thing ever but
when he sits in his stroller and we go
rum hmm he's like nah I'm so freeze you
dip over all died
so buddy March March March
he's not even two and you're telling him
to March Missy
stop go up this game on Olly
oh oh oh everyone left come on come on
you can do it
what a good climber you are and you got
your little water pistol
let's go up in your room see in trouble
let's go
good night night Olly I love you sorry
mr. Olly
hey I know
he's such a psycho I know right he does
not want to go to bed yeah all he did
not eat very good at dinnertime kept
throwing things we actually went to a
Missy's parents house for dinner
and we were hoping he'd eat something
but he just didn't he's being kind of
crazy tonight which is okay cuz he's you
know almost to look at she took months
two days old
oh my gosh so on our way back home
tonight actually I was like let's stop
at McDonald's and get a McFlurry but
they don't have Reese's McFlurry anymore
we were like what that's like the only
good McFlurry really so we stopped by
Target and got a bag of Reese's and
vanilla ice cream we're like you know
what just make them ourselves so I put a
bunch of little mini Reese's in the food
processor I'm gonna chop them all up and
chop woo that works very well chopped up
Reese's peanut butter flavor YUM now you
just throw that into your ice cream and
there you have it guys
homemade McFlurry YUM look at that I put
so much in there is it good mmm very
good is it peanut butter enough mm-hmm
no there's so many candies but anyway
Missy and I are gonna eat these and then
watch some Desperate Housewives and call
it a night but I hope you guys enjoy
today's vlog if you didn't see Missy's
new video went up the taste test
challenge I'll have it linked below so
you can check it out
thank you guys for watching give today's
vlog a thumbs up and we'll see you
tomorrow hey night say goodnight house
come say goodnight goodbye
this is home just well you never
you are you talk
I am
and that's where I wanna be yeah
wherever you're with me
you
