why'd you put makeup hey okay like on
the camera
good morning guys we're all here just
eatin some breakfast I'm Quillan oatmeal
I've been trying to eat more oatmeal
lately just because it is really good to
have in the way karma comments get in a
fight
come here don't be fighting with the
neighbor you know and Ali's eating
oatmeal hey hey oh oh oh he doesn't spit
all those open a long enough so that's
all I'm winning is going you know I'll
just spit it out
you just breakfast baby the right finger
here
made it that was adorable comments still
fighting come on with him he was
ignoring them
yeah karma is pretty good at ignoring
them a neighbor dog sir
you have to let it out but it's usually
just one perfect shut up and then he
goes back to ignoring them pretty much
what what watching clothes make you pup
thank you Hey okay look on the camera
another carrot thanks paw paw
what else you get it out on your foot
okay just put your foot down there
let me see your stinky cheese toes I'm
gonna eat them to do that cuz they're on
the table so yeah that's that's how it
goes I get ring cute do your nose I'll
eat it no I don't want that
hey guys guys
morning guys I am just finishing it
getting ready for the day I've got my
little helper here
hi helper huh you want do you want to
put on on boo oh look how pretty she is
sick girl right yeah - a little hair bow
um anyways I'm also packing up because
another friend said but we're actually
headed to LA today I won't be staying
the night so I need to pack up all my
makeup so I gotta figure out what I need
what I want and pack it up
did you get to choose that the girl is
ticka ticka ticka ticka ticka alright
let's go finish packing kay you and boo
let's go yep you got that and let's go
you go have fun today yeah can you say
bye-bye to Daddy hey mama I gotta go
have some fun in LA and you're gonna
hang out the antique a ain't in me me
auntie ami me okay love you behave
yourself and we'll see you tomorrow I
love you go see auntie I love you are
you going auntie yeah yeah yeah see you
later bye don't forget about us let's
see really what happens he whimpers a
little bit like when we start but then
he has so much fun with auntie and Mimi
and they're going to take good care of
him and we're only gonna be gone tonight
and we'll be back early tomorrow we're
off to LA and we're actually doing a
really fun or scene with our network
fullscreen it's actually an advanced
screening for the new movie spy with
Melissa McCarthy and we're like super
super super excited about it we've never
been to anything like this and so I
decided to try to make it
thing for me and him and we're actually
going to stay the night there so I
really wanted I really wanted Melissa
McCarthy to be there but I usually
learned that she's on a different screen
yeah I don't see those dimples in real
life those can't be real and tiger
they're in full time here have you seen
her dimples they're like CG some other
celebrities there which is really good
and there should be other full trainers
and youtubers there so it's like really
kind of it we're just excited to see
this movie when we saw oh yeah it was of
the summer yeah that's the thing is I
said we've been invited to premieres
before but they're not usually like it's
something that's really up our alley and
this was like perfect like we love
almost McCarthy we love movies like that
are pretty much very excited about it
but I'm trying to stay very focused on
the road because I already threw up
before we left and we did eat so I'm
feeling okay but I just really don't
want to throw up on the drive and so
I've been really really trying to focus
on the road and just
not look at my phone all right thing
else and it's been working I'm doing
okay but I really don't want that all
right ladies and gentlemen we have
arrived I want to give you a little bit
of a hotel room tour we're staying at a
new place here in LA that we've never
been to and it's really nice baby this
is a big room I know totally
by that is cool yeah so this is the
entrance and then there's like a mini
fridge and a desk a little living room
area big old TV oh another one of these
things what's in here
Oh storage and then this is the room we
got the big bed pretty cool what's in
here anything anything interesting on oh
yeah
tub we're gonna soak and look no you're
in LA when I give you complimentary yoga
mat oh that's funny
Fabio do my yoga yeah yeah oh yeah the
animal print rose yeah that's funny Oh
huh yes you kind of draft one and got a
tub big old shower and sinks it's cool
so we're just gonna hang out here for a
little bit before the screening check
out our view we got a bustling city view
eventually I don't think we've ever been
this deep downtown in LA before
like Los Angeles yeah we're on the 18th
floor babe that's high up we pay for a
view man I like this view all right my
hottie but with a body wife is already
give us a spin ooh looking good babe we
are getting ready to head over to the
screening of spy and I'm just wearing
like a little baseball tee is that okay
yeah don't look okay I'm pretty sure
it's just casual yeah so Missy and I are
going on a date we're gonna go see the
lobby sorry that was really was like
over here sounds like some Mortal Kombat
stuff right there we're going on a date
we're gonna go see the movie and then
we're gonna catch some dinner um
basically just hang out in la-la life
all right we were making our way to the
theater we are at the century 15 theater
lots of really cool restaurants so we'll
definitely be able to grab something to
eat after the show huge thing for paul
blart mall cop do wanna go see that I
wasn't really a fan of the first one I
don't know why they made a second leg
it's funny I think he's really yeah he
is buddy yeah friends just you know
flying away
he's in the Tomorrowland plane I'm
actually really excited now let's go
mm-hmm it's so cool it really looks like
you're in that babe here we are there's
- I'm really excited
we shastri oh wait look a movie about a
dog that's like right up your alley
that horse
and well it's head is like duck down to
campus
it's a friendly
we're in Beverly Hills where I want to
be as he was singing that new brown
girls like to stop well is just cool it
was cool to like seeing other stars and
stuff I was finished we had all the cool
little stories a huge rock wall in
stores like you've never been shocked at
around 100 is just cool yeah I don't
know it's North I never go to but
they're fun to see in real guy
I'm gonna buy the movie
it was so these dimples I like CGI I
don't get it
yeah it was really really good there we
get dinner and go back to the hotel okay
all right we just had an amazing meal at
PF Changs I miss yous about to fall
asleep on me what's your fortune say you
will find your solution really think
about this huh look at mine I have two
in here well there's kind of like a
broken one actually yeah that's two
Missy
that's a weird hair so this is how lucky
I am and speaking of luck I uh got $40
out of an ATM today and it gave me 60
yeah it's like crazy that happened to me
yeah happened to me before in Idaho and
I remember I walked the money back into
the bank and they were like oh just keep
it I don't know because they were like
we don't control that so okay baby it's
having a place it is really weird this
says speak less of your plans you will
get more of them done stop talking about
I stopped talking an auditing the
Cambodian video Brian and just do it
that's basically what I was saying okay
and then my second fortune cuz I get to
that says your friend will profit this
week from your helpful advice Oh
helping out my buddies good night Los
Angeles
it's been real at an awesome time at the
spy premiere but now we are ready to hit
the hay Missy's tired tired and pregnant
but anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog Annie blog
we are going home early tomorrow so
we'll see you then
get to Edgewater thumbs up right
and we'll see them tomorrow and then and
it in the baby
this is home
just whenever
so I come on
I am home
and that's where
gonna be yeah wherever your win
