Oliver is in that contraption right now
way to be imaginative cat said say good
morning
that's not good morning say good morning
oh yeah that's bear me remember when we
used to wake him up when he was little
we say say good morning we're like
waiting for him to say he still hasn't
said it you know Tom - oh say good
morning Dada in the morning I'll be like
my god yeah like those five kind of
we're still getting there all right kid
oh look what you just did look at it oh
oh oh
it kind of is on its side ollie is all
dressed I am all dressed
Missy's all dressed and we're gonna go
have a fun family day cuz it's Saturday
I don't want the saddest data and get it
song come on Ollie you wanna bring your
little car
alright I'll take that as a yes you
gonna hair and hair and you got it no
let's use my hair right there
oh yeah ah stop it
I hate that this is where do you get
your beards all fix it's funny uh I'm
like super ticklish on my knees and
because I wouldn't - a shelf to shelf
right here that's why I'm hanging stop
when we were in church my dad was
literally squeeze our knees and tell us
to be quiet but like in a joking way to
try and make us laugh and we usually we
single and my mom goes yeah said he she
gets so mad at my dad and it was really
funny our headed now there's actually a
fair in town we're going to try and head
over there but it's also the weekends so
that means check
it's super traffic II lately around this
area on the weekend and it's been kind
of a bummer it makes you like not only
leave the house on the weekend all right
obviously like anything on the weekend
just make Monday and Tuesday our weekend
we start doing some one that everything
fun happens on the week that's chair
everything ollie is watching women's
tennis at our booth that's pretty funny
you've never been to a restaurant has a
TV on our table Oh ed about the speaker
yeah I guess this is a TV themed
restaurant yeah
while there is a sports until Ollie
found women's tennis and now that's what
we have on yeah what do you think buddy
what oh nice Bali look at that volley
Ali's like bah bah alright we just made
it to the fairgrounds and funny story we
didn't have any cash five dollars like
don't forget to bring cash it's five
dollars to park at the fairgrounds we're
like 20 minutes out of town also and so
we found I had two dollars in my wallet
and this is constantly dollars yeah and
then I found literally a dollar in dimes
and then a dollar it like 90 cents and
nine Dickel and this ten cents in in
pills so now our car has no coins
anywhere I literally found exactly my
dog I was so so busy like handing or
like five dollars in chain
we should have handed her this Cambodian
money yeah yeah something nothing
nothing this is this is less than a
penny
really yeah that's like a half a penny
oh you gotta get little now yeah
hopefully he's rested enough to go have
some fun we are at the Temecula family
fair and there is a crazy-looking turkey
that is a mean-looking turkey huh buddy
apparently they do like turkey races
here ice to suckin these things you ever
do that babe seriously they made a
student Boy Scouts and I was horrible at
it I can I never got to the top once I
don't think I know it's really sad I
probably could do it now but
be weird what's in there Olly big old
Turtles look at that thing oh my gosh
it's Morgan tortoise is huge
I'm not big okay but still like compared
to a turtle steeped in some of that
cactus Holly look who's over here it's
Elsa from frozen you see her look at
Elsa do you think he knows after seeing
it so much
who's that buddy ha ha ha come on buddy
you say you do like a lot baby yeah do
you want to do it go say hi Elsa
Oh
like I have one of those will you give
him a warm it's so afraid right now
does that feel cool oli is a big fan of
yours yes in our movie oh yeah
yeah frozen yeah all of all my little
brothers my feet yeah those are cute
look at that buddy
cool
better everywhere oh really everywhere
now cool buddy and give high-five
can I have a high five do pound can you
pound it do not close and we'll get
Wiggy Wiggy
thank you honor Deon you found all of
and a puppy
his name is charming
Thank You Elsa bye-bye aha you show what
honor painted on you
what did on a painted on you see it's
shown yeah
oh that's legit bro pity we did want to
do Olaf but it was a little too much
doing it and I don't know if he would
have even stayed still to do a face
painting so we did it on the arm too
although he was kind of mesmerized he
might have stayed still don't flake that
dumb man hey cool we found a big ball
look at that
get it hit the big bone
is this the biggest ball ever he can't
pick it up yeah the ball he wants to win
a ball look at all these cool little
rides we got going on over here I don't
know how many he can actually ride but
we'll see I'll look at there's a bunch
of little kid rides over there this is
like a fare that Missy and I met at
remember and good ol Idaho met a little
fare like this so oli is just a little
too small to ride any ride all the rides
you have to be at least 3 feet oh I know
I'm sorry buddy I get to is he's
gonna pick two frogs you got a small we
got you a ball okay
whatever good job
you got a ball thank you is that so cool
ollie
wish you could do that that does look
cool
all right we're sending home I'm
exhausted that Sun just wiped us all out
and all he actually hasn't had a nap
today he slept like four that a second
in the car but he hasn't had his
official nap and by now it's like a
little too late for a nap he's done no
but instead of putting him down for a
nap I thought maybe we'll just relax and
watch frozen so he's actually down here
I'll cut it up in this chair we watching
frozen yeah yeah you mean yeah he looks
very comfy and ready to relax and still
my hopefully I don't fall asleep sitting
here we are grilling up some steaks for
us and the whole family feels good to be
using my grill again we actually have
the whole family here and we're
basically doing like surf and turf
everyone's just been cooking and getting
everything ready excited oh look at all
these crab legs
we got like 10 or 11 big old crab legs
and so we're just gonna cook those up
and we got the Red Lobster cheddar
biscuits I'm excited and it looks like
Cassie and Ollie are making a huge mess
in this room what is going on here we
was with my treehouse Hodge Cassie
Oliver is in there Oliver is in that
contraption right now way to be
imaginative cat Texas it's sad for them
anymore
yeah they only take a minute yes yeah
just a minute cuz they're already cooked
and they're thawed Holly's got a ball
look at you got a little football that's
pretty cool huh like I said we are surf
and turf in it up
that's our turf that is I surf we got
garlic mashed potatoes and those
biscuits missing made looking bangin
Missy buying like a blow me a kiss there
you go your auntie take five high five
pound it Oh Lulu he cut straight to the
wig wig whoo honey
high five Ollie found it what he is
confused
oh I'm surprisingly at high five your
face Pam all right ollie it's time for
night-night so we gotta end the vlog can
you tell him thumbs up Yankee Tom thumbs
up yeah hey and he just said and and
make sure you subscribe right click it
click it up it's up there up there right
up there and I think it's not it's in
the bottom right now oh yeah another
click so it's somewhere on the screen
just click it alright say bye bye I
don't know what he's doing but thanks
for watching today's vlog we'll see
tomorrow bye uh-huh hey babe
this is home just
are you talkin on
I am home
and that's where I wanna be
yeah wherever you're with
