all right you guys I have a really fun
announcement for you guys I've been
holding back for a couple days but I'm
really excited and I'm gonna tell you
now are you ready
good morning guys today is going to be a
fun day we are going to try on the Apple
watch to take the a massage for Olli it
may have a size for you buddy
last night was the Apple watch pre-order
and I got two watches for Missy and I
which is really cool but everything went
wrong I didn't have my billing address
in there I had the wrong card in there
and so I actually ended up ordering at
12:04 and our shipping times got slips
to next month so we won't have them on
launch day but we reserved two of them
which is really fun and we're gonna be
in Hawaii anyway that's lunch today so
now all he's getting all strapped in bye
he's waving goodbye to the car over
there and we're gonna go try on a couple
and see how they feel check it out for a
look and
so pretty this is the stainless steel
one like it's got Mickey on that we're
all the watches we're gonna try on the
sport and the stainless steel are these
both 42 also news are both 42 I'll look
at another - there's so much smaller in
person that's crazy
look at they're smaller than your pebble
even slate Wow look at that
so this is a leather band so this guy
that's the sport band right okay Wow
adjust that to make it a more
comfortable feeling that feels really
good
dang it's not such a good size - I love
the band it's really comfortable it's a
lot more comfortable than I was thinking
you guys so that's really really cool
this is checking out that one over there
I just got a heartbeat from Julian look
it's running a little demo for me right
now there's a Maps application
Wow that screen looks crazy horse
exercise I'll probably not exercise that
much that's weird
it has this taptic feedback you guys
that doesn't feel like a vibration it
feels like it's like yeah like it's just
tapping my wrist slightly that's crazy
oh look I just started to run I'm going
to run for five minutes
so this is a little display this is
actually a working model of the 42 so
you can raise this digital crown here to
zoom in right on your clock face force
touch ooh that was interesting pick a
different clock face if you want like
there is a function to butterfly let's
check out weather
here's the weather for us today and we
can zoom in or we can scroll through it
with the digital crown too which is
really cool
so have a foodie and click to return
back to your apps because you can scroll
through this digital crown to get all
these different faces and I heard
actually if you force touch it makes a
red color like nice and clear
we got heart emojis those and we can
also send normal emojis to so missing I
both tried on the apple watches we see
what do you think final verdict
according to seemed a little big yeah
and you tried on that leather band fit
my entire wrist oh really
see and not the big one on me like I
still had room it was like a perfect fit
yeah yeah yeah no definitely more
water-resistant like yeah these are the
ones that I got so I got that one that
exact one and Missy got that exact one
and then look at these bad boys over
here you guys these are the editions you
can get this watching like rose gold
normal gold it's crazy
these are so expensive right here in
this case this is like 17 grand not
crazy
yeah that one right there is the one
that is on its way to me well not right
now but yeah like that like down
messages yeah it's so fun huh
I think I see him oh there is where's
Ali where is he did you see him I don't
see him he's such a little goober we're
just grabbing some lunch after Allah but
at the Apple store this morning playing
with Olli okay he's got straight apple
juice he's living like a thug today I
joined just drop me off with my mom and
we are actually on a mission to find
pink and blue stuff because we will soon
be having a gender-reveal party and I
just want to get like a few different
types of blue and pink things so that it
looks festive I don't know because we
will be finding out the gender at the
party as well so I've already figured
out how I want to reveal which I'll show
you that later because it's going to be
kind of like a project but I just got a
couple little like pink and blue things
I got some plates for cookies and some
confetti some little things to hang up
just a little pink and blue things just
to kind of like decorate alright you
guys I have a really fun announcement
for you guys I've been holding back for
a couple days but I'm really excited and
I'm gonna tell you now are you ready so
you may have seen in yesterday's vlog I
was actually rehearsing for something
and that is because my Network full
screen has invited me to be a part of
the full screen music showcase and now
what this is it's an all-day live
streaming event with myself and a lot of
other musical artists in my network the
live stream is powered by stage it and I
will have a link below in the
description so that you can buy tickets
to see my show my show has 50 tickets
right now but if they sell out we may be
able to add more the way stage it works
it's actually pay what you want so you
can pay whatever you want to watch the
show and then if you guys like what you
see while I'm performing
you can also tip me and I will be
calling my top three contributors after
the show on skype to chat and vlog and
just thank you guys for tuning in
so just to clarify you can watch this
concert from anywhere as long as you
have internet it'll work on the mobile
app that iPad
your computer but you have to buy a
ticket for the show so that you can
watch it pay whatever you want
seriously how cool is that it's gonna be
a really fun event because I'm actually
putting together a five song set I'm
gonna be playing two of my original
songs one that's not released yet but
will be bat that time stage a concert is
going to be on April 19th and my time
slot is 3:30 to 4:00 o'clock so I'm
gonna have a 30-minute set and I'm going
to play five songs for you guys to
original songs this is home and my new
one who knew and I'm gonna be doing
three really fun covers for you guys and
we've been practicing some last night
and they sound so good but at the same
time I'm really kind of nervous because
I've never I haven't performed live in a
long time so I'm gonna make sure that I
sound really good for you guys so yeah
I'll have a link below in the
description so you guys can check out
the concert and buy tickets to my time
slot
again it's pay whatever you want you can
watch anywhere as long as you have stage
it and I will be rewarding my top
contributors I'm really excited and I
really hope you guys can come there's
gonna be a lot of really cool talent
there also I'm playing alongside me so
be sure to check out their music and
check out their live streams as well
that same day so yeah it's gonna be a
really fun time and I really hope some
of you guys can make it and I just I
want to thank you guys for letting me do
stuff like this because it's just so
much fun I was rehearsing yesterday and
I was like this is so much fun I love
this and so I'm excited to see what you
guys think of my little mini concert May
just for you so go check it out link
below in the description okay alright
guys I have been crafting a ton I just
cleaned up my crafting mess and I'm
actually doing laundry and of course we
were watching frozen I just finished the
project that I've been working on so
here's our box and you open it up come
on
up here it says boy or girl with some
question marks and down here we have
like a little hole as you can see it's
covered up with paper and then the balls
are inside and all I can easily grab the
balls out can count as he pulls out and
he's already tried it out and he really
enjoys pulling the balls out so that's
good oh wow I am very pink
I very much apologize you guys okay you
know you have a pregnant wife when she
sends you to the store at nine o'clock
at night for popcorn
she's in the mood for popcorn tonight
her and I have just been working so hard
today she's been getting everything
ready for tomorrow because tomorrow is a
big day cleaning watching Olly doing all
the things she had to do and I've
literally been at my computer all day I
had like a hundred emails I can't answer
and a ton of things to get sorted the
rest of the month is just so busy for us
and so we need to stay organized and on
track so that we can get everything done
that we want to get done but yeah I'm
going to take this popcorn home to my
wife
kept going down listen I really like
these uh pop-up bowls cuz all you got to
do is go like this this is not a
sponsored video so I got the popcorn
going
we got grace Helbig show we're gonna
watch right babe
there's your popcorn it was Ollie I
craved cookies and brownies and sweets
like that oh ho and this pregnancy I'm
creaming like salty food like this like
salmon do you think that would mean that
give me a different gender I think we'll
know tomorrow yeah I'm gonna know
tomorrow we're gonna know tomorrow it's
not crazy babe I know I'm pretty much
just not in this like excited a lot of
people are gonna think it's too early
but the place that we go to are all my
friends all my family uses it and they
start at 13 weeks so if we can't tell
that's okay but if we can yeah but
pretty cool and I'm pretty I feel
confident my cousin actually just went
two days ago she's the same amount of
weeks as me and she found out so and
she's having a girl having a girl it
does seem to be anything your girls but
let us know what you think it is
boy or girl cuz it's lucky thank you uh
make a guess so tonight was cool because
I shared my artwork for my new song
which is coming out very soon on iTunes
you guys want to see it go check out my
Instagram I'll have it linked below so
you can see that thank you guys for
watching today's vlog if you enjoyed it
give it a thumbs up and we'll see you
guys tomorrow and and the other baby see
the other day tomorrow - yeah alright
bye
this is home
and that's where I wanna be
yeah wherever
with me
