hey uh what are we gonna do today you're
gonna swim you're gonna go in the pool I
swear you just said we're gonna go in
the pool we're not gonna go in that pool
though number we're gonna go we're gonna
go to Swim School with Miss Kylie
someone told me a few weeks ago they're
like right now it's gibberish but one
day he's gonna say it like who's gonna
say what you think is just a normal
gibberish sentence but you're gonna
understand every single words and here
to be like oh my gosh I just understood
everything the movie that said I swear
that just happened to me Missy is
sitting in the little baby chair it
actually fits you and all he's at this
swim lesson with Little Miss Kylie's
been talking about swimming all day
somebody's really excited to cool
it's waving to us silly boy did he bring
that ball from home s then you could
like get me a ball
yeah look at those kicks
he's a lot calmer on his back Oliver's
been doing so good today he's floating
on his back and kick food and it's so
cool he must be in a good mood
he's floating when I move back and forth
and then when we get other kids jumping
up and running and we're like the job
buddy
you go take your picture good job buddy
congratulations buddy you got a shock
award for completing level one that is
so cool so we also got a little progress
report for level one that says he's
comfortable going underwater very glide
independently to the instructor and back
to the step with eyes looking down
independently floats on their tummy
three seconds and back ten seconds
independently jumps into the water
without assistance or goggles and has an
understanding of how to get safety safe
she's been doing half those for like
four or five months I know I'm so proud
of it I like sons first like a ward I
know
shark award - I love these classes we've
been doing them since he was six months
old I mean that's pretty early to start
and I feel like there really aren't hang
on so we've been doing it for now over a
year
pretty cool Missy what's goin on Missy
karma what's going on in there
what what are you doing good mama just
wake you up from a nap no he was already
awake he wanted to cuddle I got him and
he just like laying next to me Oh give
me some of this little thing it sounds
like no just thinking about how I'm
gonna need another one of these for the
next baby another blanket yeah well it
can't look like that one I'm certainly a
peep what if it's a girl like the same
yeah the same like texture same people
who make it in the same feeling I wanted
to be monkeys better once we like a
different color
yeah you like the blanket huh I'm gonna
open it right now I think I know what it
is though it's pretty heavy it's heavy
okay so Ellen Jared well her parents
made us able to feel scared while we're
at visit and I literally would like all
of these are so good and so I've been
looking for a pan for like a couple
months now but I just didn't know which
was everyone number why I never asked
Ellie but then she's made a video and so
we actually used their link like right
away and ordered them super good quality
though it's all cast man it's nice babe
want me go watch Ellie's video will link
it down below they're little balls
they're bone
oh you're a bowl skiver okay yeah oh so
we're getting like that might be this
thing you could like you can kill
someone with this
know how to like season it yeah it's
like I think it's olive oil and then you
put it in the oven but just google it or
will you do it yeah but you'll have to
season it so we could use it soon you
excited about the box or are the poppy
things ollie
look at this ready ollie whoo ready look
at this face
it's okay this is the remnants of a very
fun video that we did yeah a fun and
tasty video yes it was really fun though
I'm gonna try and edit it all tonight
hopefully I don't wuss out on it but all
he is playing with the balls and they
are just everywhere
I think Brian's getting a little
irritated with the ball don't bug me
okay it doesn't bother me as long as I
clean it up at night and they're cleaned
up like I don't care hey Ollie can you
show us your new table first of all he
knows how to say table in sign language
I just showed him table like the sign
for table yesterday but then he got a
little table today what was this thing
look at this yeah this is the table he
got it's like a mini picnic table yeah
he loves it shows a DC table table show
us how you say table table that's how
you say table how do you say cable so
fast you like your new table we're gonna
have to put this outside when it gets a
little warmer all right you guys you
talk I'll lay a new trick and we want to
show you
okay Keigo so this way
good job no you can't go into them as
far as you go
the truth is no one's higher that no one
taught him that I do that I just you
just knew you just picked something off
the ground and did it now you just
walked over here press there with his
foot and third way he just watched us
that's amazing I kind of want to tell
him you can't do it because you're so
smart all he high-fived
found it golly woody Watson no it's
homeward bound he's watching homeward
bound and it's the cutest thing he loves
the animals but what he loves more is
when he sees the cat healed when he sees
the cat he goes oh and he puts his face
up to it and like rubs it and so cute
bye-bye oh they'll come back they'll
come back don't worry oh yeah look what
we got going on you guys i marinated
some shrimp and I'm gonna throw it on
the Bobby
whoo slot buy up throw it on the Bobby
this is piping hot holy moly I just used
a little zesty herb marinade that I
found at the grocery store
Oh has a lot of oil and vinegar in it so
hopefully they don't stick too bad as
you can tell we really like shrimp
Ernest family well actually Missy just
told me she's having an abortion so
hopefully this doesn't try for crazy
time clean we are just taking a bath I
got to put this kid to bed and then it's
hopefully gonna take me two or three
hours sometimes when I edit it takes me
a while on this is kind of a long video
that we did because there was the
challenge video and
nice challenge videos tend to take a
little bit longer to like edit and also
go alright you were all ready for bed I
just got your frozen ball the crib
trying to do that again
and I'm not sure if you guys can hear
the music Brian's actually downstairs
practicing some songs because he's got
actually kind of like a I wouldn't call
it a gig he's got something coming up
where he's gonna be singing some of its
songs and so they're downstairs
practicing I invited them over here cuz
I just figured oh yeah I'd be nice to
just have everyone over here I'm like oh
crap like all I gotta go to sleep and
there's drums playing and guitars and
Brian sings pretty like hey and oli like
feel like saying nah not with Brian when
you sing and then when the songs over he
claps it's really good guess what guys
by the way I'm 13 weeks which means I'm
officially in my second trimester today
I'm so excited I'm still getting
nauseous and I haven't thrown up in a
while but I'm still getting quite
nauseous and having a lot of food
aversions I'll be happy when that passes
I feel like I'm getting close to the end
of that though like within the next
couple days I hope I will be done with
being nauseous
we have to go night-night I was gonna
let you listen but no here anyways
they're just practicing anyways we're
gonna go to bed I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog guys give this one a thumbs up
if you did give it a thumbs up because
guess what I pass bubble wouldn't swim
can't give a thumbs up Oliver James he
doesn't want to go to bed he's just
trying to avoid bedtime okay thumbs up
Oh dumb dumb all right guys we'll see
you tomorrow I'm gonna tell you I'm
gonna send you off to the poop
and that's where I wanna be yeah
wherever
