Oh world pull up
how is Oliver going to know all the
countries now karma you dwarf the ball
how's it gonna know good mornin good
morning beautiful people of the World
Wide Web
I pick white right here cuz holy
sleeping it still sleep makes does keep
being so sleeping so sleepy okay um I'm
up this morning and I'm getting ready
today is my photo shoot for the who new
album promos and artwork and all that
fun stuff all he is taking a nap Karma's
being crazy Ben yeah what the heck Missy
do you sleep good in here last night
no this is from when Cassie slept in
here huh she didn't make the bed how
come no one that stays with us makes the
bed asleep I don't understand it's so
rude it's like you just stayed in our
house please make your bed so it looks
like Missy and I love each other and we
sleep in the same bed did we sleep in
the same bed last night babe yes i
snored very loud right sometimes karma
sleeps in here though oh he does Blaine
is actually more messed up than caffeine
like had it because he grabs over the
jumps on them yeah this is like your bed
huh when you lay on top of my legs and
then I kick you off and say stop runner
want to salute you come in here you're
just having too much fun with this huh
you want this you know you want it he
loves these things you want to play
attention okay I had to like Oh hide
like oh you okay miss he's getting all
ready for the day looking good babe I
kind of was debating whether I still
want you in my photos or not
really for the artwork you know yeah
we'll see you know babe someone's asking
for you to do a vanity tour on your
channel no no it'd be cool though
I just say it could give you an excuse
to clean it up and organize them and
then you could do a vanity tour I might
do a a hair tutorial would you like to
know how to have this kind of hair oh
you're like a lion oh that's sexy
kind of reminds me Tori Kelly now make
it super big super big oh my gosh yes
you guys think Tori Kelly's hair she is
like wild crazy curly hair it's it's
cool babe not done so it's just like I
think your hair looks cool like that
though you should keep it
want to know my Missy's hair so big
exciting like secrets
mmm hey guys I'm ready for the day and
Olly is up from his nap and Brian just
texted me he said kay and my mom just
got over and she brought over always
bald head he's pretty excited and so is
karma yeah he just got me a ton of balls
you can't possibly like this is so
exciting I want to put it back and he
put it in its heart back in the ball pit
that's so cool
karma can you put it back gravity
bajjali but there you go okay give it to
ollie he's hauling my back like you cray
I'm not good come on Oh Harvey you're
gonna pop that so easily drop it yeah
there's a few missing photograph holes
yeah all right all are you ready to go
out and have fun day I'll just be here
waiting for you yeah I'm just gonna stay
here it's gonna fit in the ball pit just
picked up some lunch for Missy and I
Colin messaged me a picture of Jersey
Mike's today cuz he went for the first
time and he's like what should I get
and so I told them and then I couldn't
stop thinking about it so I had to get
myself a Jersey Mike's up and then Missy
is being very
weird and craving subway which is weird
because we do not really like Subway but
apparently she's having this weird
aversion to Jersey Mike's which is like
the saddest thing ever because they're
so good hey Ollie so fishy lips what are
you doing hey you guys won't do my nose
can you show me the fishy lips go like
me me
j-dog let me see the old clothes just
those gloves good what are you waving at
always Oh
silly mess yeah did you eat your
lunch
oh yeah it was right there and you ate
it all huh good jag enjoy
Oh oh yeah Oh
can you hear me
spices Billy I'm just hanging out at my
mom's house we actually had plans to do
some errands and run around today but of
course after we get out I realized I
didn't have my wallet so I was pretty
bummed so now we just came back here
while Brian gets some pictures done with
Emily and we're just waiting gram I'm
always just playing with all the
leftover balls that are still here got
some balls here huh it's playing with
one ball right now that coat up popped
it's like all flat but it's still a ball
to him huh yeah we just fetching
we're just gonna chill here until Brian
gets done and then hopefully I can
actually get some errands done here's
the sitch you guys we sucked today I
went out and I we shot pictures and I
completely realized I did not bring a
camera and we were like at the rail cars
and it was I was super bummed
yeah probably super cool vlogger failure
I'm sorry it was really cool but it'll
just make it that much more of a
surprise for you guys okay and then I
picked up Missy and then we went in
Target and did a bunch of stuff and then
we left the camera at her mom's house so
yeah it's just like major vlogger fail
not to be confused with vlogger fair
which is one letter difference but Mimi
brought over the the ball pit that was
so nice of her wasn't it Olly
oh yeah he's already chewed up three
balls ah yup all he's got his ball pit
here now look hips pop in just like
you're right at home huh I know that one
lights up that's pretty cool come on
you're in my shot
oh hi
so oh yeah I don't feel like anyone
hurting him like Kong he's a hoot he's
the camera he act so crazy
is that true crime and I've done before
I got the camera Houston here was Bowl
sitting here and he was just resting his
head on my chest and we were just
relaxing and that was before I got the
camera it's the camera is it the camera
are you filming him say down yeah are
you thinking up that we're like a bat
look terrible for the singles gonna sit
up been really bad at vlogging today I
don't know why Oh what today was just a
normal day just like any other but we
didn't seem to pick up the camera so
sorry about that tomorrow will be better
but we still had a really fun day I hung
out with my mom and we did some stuff
even though I forgot my wallet and the
camera and all that stuff hey what do
you guys think of the new emojis the
Apple released today
yeah they cool they released 300 new
emojis 300 yeah cuz I have all those
color variations yeah well I need to
update my phone yeah Missy needs a
bigger phone I was looking at Brian's
and that's pretty cool it's pretty cool
I put all of the bed he's asleep he fell
asleep really fast cuz he was that tired
and he was kinda grouchy all day today
so he definitely wanted to go to sleep
karma chill loose the ball I'm up drop
it I don't want to stick my hand under
bro
anyways we're gonna go ahead and foggy
it's actually really late and Brian
hasn't even oh my gosh
we have a million things going on in my
life right now yeah he's just working
really hard on his new song and oh he's
about to hopefully do the final touches
so that it will be up pretty soon um
tour Bali's world pull up how is Oliver
good to know all the countries now karma
you tore up the ball how's it gonna know
this is a no-no karma why'd you do that
you're so hyper right now I'm going in
the fog slit Bryan can edit and I can
sit on the couch and do nothing
I need you to edit I'm not advancing I'm
so tired I'm so tired hope you guys
enjoyed mom give a thumbs up if you and
even if you didn't get sometimes you
like us and if you don't give us a
thumbs up because you like YouTube oh
okay
say good night Carm good night I'm tell
you is move I used to make out me stop
glennister
we had fun small I think I Spit my
sister's favorite one with
