guess what we just did telling Tom tell
them what we did tell them what we did
tell her what we did good morning
I got the ball good morning
oh yeah there's a bunch of little balls
in there too huh you can't get him out
No uh-huh did you did you just draw a
little I think you drooled a little good
morning you guys each woke up and always
run around making a ton of noise and
being cute you can't get the balls out
of there that's I know yeah great way to
start the morning I always say what yeah
there's a bunch of them in there that's
probably his most obnoxious toy ever
he doesn't play with it until like
opportune times like when we're on an
important phone call or in the morning
after you just woke up that kind of
thing huh
bye it was great great seeing you
okay cute they are there Watson up yeah
I've been getting ready for the day and
I really wanted alway to just hang out
with Brian well I got ready and so they
put on up and they just been cuddling
like ooh he has even looked over here oh
it's so good don't this part makes me
cry it's hard it's in the front of the
door right in front of it right in front
of it I don't care shake your booty oh
okay yeah oh you do it after you know no
one's there me and alia tag along with
my sister and my mom and we are looking
at prom dresses and then I made a joke
about how it's my prom it's not my prom
it's my sister's senior prom and we're
looking at dresses that is adorable
yeah and I told her she has to do a
little fashion show for us so I'm gonna
let you guys see some of the dresses
that picked up a lot of the family
members are not going to be here during
Cassie's palm haha Jimmy mom and dad are
going to Hawaii and me and Brian and all
you're going to Bly so we're missing
Cassie's prom and it's seriously a sore
subject but my sister was like really
one of my mom and dad to go to Hawaii
cuz it's kind of a once-in-a-lifetime
thing I'm really really sad and missing
my sister's prom but
going to make it all worth it here at me
over
baby
No
I really need a haircut what do you guys
think let's see just let's just give it
a little shake ah there we go that's a
little bit nicer what do you guys think
so fresh so clean
I don't you have to go into my hair
appointment now this is awesome I got my
hair cut today then actually listening
to ariana grande really about tomorrow
is when I'm shooting promo and artwork
for the song so I definitely needed a
haircut just because my hair was getting
long and Chevy I didn't cut it since
before I left for Cambodia um so I went
a long ways Cassie Cassie yeah yep do it
again no do it do it you do do it no no
one do it just go like this
hey you were lucky we had fun at the
mall I think I fit my sister's favorite
one was the first one to turn on the
blue dress but we are going to still
keep looking and keep our options open
before we get it but that one was super
cute and I like the color
Thanks now we're leaving the mall is
there probably it's so Ali's falling
asleep right now
oops just stop it you're gonna hey Olli
what are you doing hey Hayley are you
doing yeah we are you doing Hollywood he
doing
hey are you doing yeah what you doing
Hayley we did he keeps a ball
do you see bawling oh hi Olli hey this
is a boy who is not taking his nap hey I
think he's he's trying to squeeze
through the bars
we're basically just torturing him so
I'm gonna go get it
hello what about dad died what about dad
died no it's dad died I wanted my mother
come get me why is it mommy here you
should go get mama why so obsessed with
mama all right come on come on chubby
dude come on chubby cheeks come on dummy
tikki tavi takes to meet chicks Johnny
gags whoa okay we're okay guess what we
just did you wanna tell them tiny
doll-like Dom tell him what we did tell
what we did tell what we did I just made
my appointment to have a gender reveal
whoo we're gonna know soon do you think
we'll know that same day I think we're
gonna try cuz I don't want miss you can
really go I will I don't know that day
yeah so basically we got an appointment
at an ultrasound place right mm-hmm and
it they're gonna write it on a piece of
paper we're not gonna see it this time
well you're gonna be surprised yeah so
you guys have any fun ideas of how we
can reveal it to ourselves let her know
you guys basically yeah cuz then later
that same day we'll just there's
obviously like a cake balloon yeah
there's almost every ways but I know we
kind of want to try to think of
something a little bit unique so we've
been rats bring something fresh the main
thing I want to do though is I don't
want anyone in the family to know before
us
I won't ya so if it were all gonna at
the same time yeah yeah oh so nervous
he's excited don't be nervous
everybody that's good Paulie I lost
Oliver what are you doing he's so funny
he moves around my mouth and then types
on the keyboard don't you just like
daddy are you gonna edit a vlog oh I
need to put in my password huh oh you
want to watch frozen on my computer
Ollie do you want to listen to my new
song that's right you guys I got the
fine
version of my new song today I think
it's perfect I'm really really excited
all he likes it too don't you
ah I know umm so later this week we're
gonna be shooting stuff for promo and
artwork so ha
I'll be able to send it to iTunes this
week and then it's probably gonna be up
either while we're in Hawaii or like
next week I don't know I'll have an
official date out to when the actual
song is gonna be out I'm really excited
I'm just happy it finally all came
together and when he sent me the phone
over and I was like that that's the
final sound that's what I was looking
for yay hang on to the mouse okay you
got the mouse and I will put in the
password and we're in he's clicking on a
lot yes okay okay don't whatever he was
doing no I do not want to delete that
thanks Somali just did a quick grocery
store run so that we had something for
dinner tonight dinners have been very
difficult with Missy just cuz she's
really picky and she has a lot of food
aversions this time around so finding
something is pretty tricky but we've got
a couple dinners and something I could
whip up tonight so hopefully it'll work
alright Brian's making us dinner I told
him I wanted something with no key I was
craving no key be honest he's like okay
does that sound good because I lately I
just nothing ever sounds good and then
he makes a dinner and then I don't eat
it and it's really bad but I'm still
back in the box session yeah yeah it
sounds good now I'm kind of worried
redne has been kind of my off food I
just can't seem to get red meat down
this looks like really good plus it's
like with pasta and like creamy cheesy
sauce so I cannot not like if you want
this cracker first you had to say I love
you oh you like whispered it he does it
better and there you have it guys dinner
nokey steak garlic and herb sauce it's
actually really really good first I've
ever made anything like this and all I
used was the little nor garlic and herb
sauce packet and then like I said I just
dusted the steak and Bowl or fried it up
cook some no key
and Missy likes it
yay I love when that happens
na ba what are you saying we had such a
good dinner we had to go for a little
walk
uh-huh go play
all right go play we stopped at this
little corner e grass area it's such a
nice day out here Missy let's just
cuddle up on this nice concrete bench
mmm that's nice
Molly don't eat any broken glass what
are you doing what there's no ball over
there what are you doing silly please be
careful frozen ball frozen paw Kristoff
hmm this kids getting ready for bed but
he's got to go through all this frozen
characters on the hole first then yeah
that's the one you like to say good you
can say it can I have it
can I have a kiss Holly mmm oh did you
fart
not tonight he said Oh
all right guys that's all for today's
vlog we had a busy but fun day
thumbs up the blog we'll see you guys
tomorrow hey you going upstairs now
good night at Kay
this is home
just
are you talkin I could see
I am home
and that's where I wanna be
yeah wherever
you're with me
