like right in the middle Wow runs away
screaming good morning guys we are up
this morning wide-awake with our Sun
burns bright attack bushy-tailed and red
and yesterday was all about Jesus and
today is all about the Easter Bunny we
are headed to a fun little Easter hunt
with our cousins and I just ran in and
grabbed all EA Easter basket because I
just kept putting it off and all of a
sudden I'm like could have used an
Easter basket so I grabbed this one it's
so cute it's like kind of fuzzy and I
grabbed a little stuff so that he can
like set them in here and they don't
like break or anything and yeah he
actually broke his other one that he was
playing with the other day so that's why
I had to get him cuz all he does Easter
hardcore yeah he's like this is not Doug
actually he really doesn't want us to
call them Easter eggs he just wants us
to call them all souls is fun
that's all I got to go and everyone
should be looking at it's really weird
yeah good the balls get the balls anyway
you guys going to see him he looks so
cute this mornin say hi mate good
morning
you see his hair it's so cute I flicked
it all back alright guys we're running
super late and Brian's trying to find a
parking spot but jumped out of the car
and look at it we are at the Easter egg
hunt we got to find some Easter eggs
can you find anything to put in there
oh my good we'll find more stuff more
stuff it's going fast love oh my
goodness there's nothing left
I think that's pretty much it one thing
goodness he's pretty excited about it
you got Dennis hey well all I found one
thing he's pretty excited about that one
thing yeah we definitely just like came
running over here went literally was
starting and I thought those little kids
would you know be really slow but it
seemed pretty fast
they're like two but under but he's
happy so that's all that matters
all right mama fix your shoes they were
on the wrong feet let's go play at the
park huh buddy
hi did a parking like way over there and
I'm walking over but at least he got
something and he was proud of it now
that I'm just gonna play on this little
park thing there we go chocolate milk
please
kind up there I know my gosh 20 good you
have a little bottom yeah oh my gosh
this is so scary the coolest what no
he's got it thanks he's got it keep
going on good job buddy
no stay up there I'm gonna be honest I
don't slightly disappointed I have these
Jake hunt wet but is what Ollie honestly
did have fun just picking up that one
thing and then they he played at the
park and stuff but I still feel like we
just missed out welcome early if we
can't wake up really early to like try
and make it um but we were just like
waiting on a lot of other people and we
were just trying to no one's fault no
one's thought whatsoever it just kind of
happened
even though we left on time we left at 9
a.m. it starts at 10 a.m. so we were
plenty on time but you know
circumstances but I did I do feel like
we missed out on some fun time so we're
back at the splash park and we're gonna
change yeah we let him run around we're
gonna take the other cousins here cuz
they've never been here I'm just gonna
shield myself yeah we both are
definitely feeling a sizzle on our arms
and everywhere so we're just gonna try
not to get more burned throughout this
fun little splash Park and Ollie refuses
to let go of his ball but I got my ball
I don't know what to do dad this is like
a little part that we've actually never
been to and it looks like it's geared
toward like smaller kids look at him
he's still climbing with his ball you
are a daredevil kid you know that
look at that here can I just take your
ball and set it up here
and then you can walk on those things
seriously though this is crazy he just
walked up all those on his own yeah I
will say I love how much this kid loves
adventure you love adventure huh yeah
isn't that cool buddy there's so many
cool little things for him to play with
whoo what you're holding a ball the
water turned off for a second and Ali's
running in there
should I put her in the middle so I'm
right in the middle finger guards on
whoa runs away screaming
that's hilarious oh look how daring he
is he put his hand in
all he does not even care but he doesn't
have a swimsuit on this is so crazy it's
so unlike him what are you doing buddy
you get you're all wet Oh Oliver you're
getting so you blowing bubbles in the
water you must be really hot and it must
feel really good that's so cute
what'd you find is that what you were
looking for okay okay we just woke up
from a nap huh all of us actually
took a nap Missy woke up and then she
went to go hang out with her aunt but uh
ally and I are awake now I had to change
your pants cuz your other ones were all
wet why are you moving your mouth like
that are you mocking me Oh Oh yep
I still my ears okay we're good alright
guys I just ditched the boys and me and
my sister and my aunt and my cousin just
got married our chosen cast tomatoes and
my dirty floor and I got my nails done
light is just terrible
can you see I've been getting gel nails
I really like I feel like they last a
lot longer and they make my nails feel a
lot more like stronger and thicker
because my nails actually really really
thin and really terrible alright I am
back with the boys all together again
and it's so funny we really had to run
to the store to get some stuff but we
are actually going to church tonight
instead of tomorrow morning just cuz
it's gonna be really crazy tomorrow and
we thought we'll do church date but
we're kind of ready to late which I feel
like it's like the story of our life
today but we were kind of still dressed
in clothes that I didn't feel like we're
trapping yeah exactly we felt gross in
them so usually grand a target grabs
like a couple like shirts and outfit I
actually got this dress also too when I
get out
a new shirt and a pair of shorts I'm not
to change my shorts yeah and I got a
shirt for oli as well and yeah so we are
ready for church we're actually gonna go
to church right now
oh sorry babe the carsalot look at this
you look good babe and I am all dressed
up I got some nice new shorts on his
shirt and look at all he's all dressed
up yeah not bad for getting dressed in
the car huh what are you doing okay we
got to go this way buddy he's like he's
like I'm wearing a nice shirt I want to
go get it dirty come on come on
after church how's that cucumber buddy
we're out to dinner with the fam and I
got my salad and he pulled the cucumber
right off that he wants to play with a
ball Missy
we had to get this churro chocolate
smores thing how is it messy okay
churros okay try it try and dip it it's
like chocolate Oh what is that she's
gotta do some some scoop action it's a
little bit what is this kid doing
hey oli what are you doing Oh Missy
guess what day it is you know what day
it is it's outlander day she's like
dying so we can watch out louder so
we're gonna turn on a ladder cuz it's
starting if you guys don't know Missy is
obsessed
are you a super fan what they can't tell
okay you don't know that I'm in my
underwear you don't know what happens
down there anyway yeah she's been
waiting to watch this forever she's
obsessed with the show and it just
started again so we're gonna watch that
but we had a fantastic day I hope you
guys did too hanging out with us if you
did click that thumbs up button and just
do it cuz it's nice and subscribe
because it's free and we will see you
guys manana
peace Happy Easter
this is home
just whenever so
I am
and that's where a war
be yeah wherever you're with me
