Alexis's cat is so nice aren't you hey
guys what's going on we are all in the
car and Missy is driving because I
haven't eaten lunch and so I really want
to eat some lunch on the way so we
picked up some pen amra and of course
you can't go to Panera Bread without
getting some bread so I'm gonna eat and
we're on our way to LA actually because
we're gonna be doing a really cool
collab with a fellow youtuber and
actually I'm not really sure how much of
Missy and I will be in the video but a
lot of this guy so hey he is going to be
in the video gonna be really fun so I'm
excited come along with us come on come
on stop just stop stop what you're doing
guys and just come on come hang out with
us real away oh hey guy hey hey take a
cute little smile
I'm getting gas right now and I'm
playing with a Belinda he always loves
it you always goes into these smiles hi
hi so cute I am just getting gas on our
way but I want to show you guys
everything that we're bringing for this
fun little collab we got all these
motorcycle all his bath toys some books
hey where's your ball is this green ball
back there babe he always wants the ball
kiff well you got one foot up there what
are you doing I know look at Mama's got
it for ya all right all he's getting his
hair all styled just hey oli you looking
good just try not to read just try not
to read that up there k just try not to
read that up there just look away avert
your eyes and look over with mrs. imani
her selves the money yes a dog is DJ a
twosie no no I already screwed up with
her friend Olivia that's Olivia and
we're just gonna shoot a fun video look
at he's all he's like McDonald's watch
him meet the cat oh this cat is not in
the mood that's a cat hey yeah okay okay
Alexis your cat is legit amonst oh
sheesh
Alexis also has all these really cool
like motivational things around her room
like you'll be dead soon so make it
count
she's dope did you watch her show
breakable Kimmy Schmidt yeah wasn't it
so good yes
no it was so good Missy and I finished
it in like three days it was awesome
alright Olli come on buddy let's film
you're looking good buddy oh did we
mention that she has pet moss it's
pretty interesting still what hi can I
pet you okay okay well that's you it's
okay
the cat won't hurt you it's okay we're
distracting him with a cookie ah I get
you Alexis's cat is so nice
aren't you hey this is going on the
internet Alexis this is happening look
at that
ding Alexis that's adorable look at this
ladies and gentlemen then and now that's
awesome we are filming more stuff for
the video that's gonna go up on Alexis
channel if I didn't mention you guys go
subscribe to Alexis cuz she's gonna have
a video up of her and Ollie and it's
hilarious we're filming it now so I'll
have a link down below in the
description so click it and subscribe to
the space thanks
all these getting some nutrition before
the shot you got to keep them fed Alexis
yeah yes pretty much that's how we roll
in our house is that good buddy okay
maybe just yeah if you put your feet up
if you put your feet up we can push you
go Olli that fun here will put you back
gently push look at that just having
some outdoor fun time
all right we don't continue to add some
fun at someone fish I always love to
have fish
watch you can go fishing now that's so
fun
alright we're done filming and now we're
actually headed out to go get some food
right yeah yeah
and all these back there he's got the
ladies he's just being a little ladies
man I think he's still eating this
cookie hmm
oh he just had the last bite today and
he did really good so many I think he's
not gonna be up on your channel it'll be
up not this Sunday but the following
Sunday they're cool yeah so we'll let
you guys know when it sounds as well
what are you doing buddy
ollie he changed his mind
Oh Oh face first is that what we're
doing is that what we're doing it's not
really working come on careful careful
careful oh there we go
oh and then we're gonna drive and you
might not make him do that be so he's
playing are you confused by the sand
buddy I don't think he likes to sing
what do you think
we are at a place called patties with 1t
which I really think is pronounced
patties pirate talk I know
Pisces we're going to fight T's we're
just getting some food after a long day
of filming it feels really good outside
so excited outside this is a little cold
she's got the jacket it's all good it's
all good
Oh how's that lemon buddy are you really
going for it
he's like I'm hungry give me some food
macro food action look up Missy guys oh
this looks so good
is that like amazing babe and we got
Molly over here with its grilled cheese
whose twins in with Olivia twinsies and
by the way it's Olivia with an A all
right guys we have started our long trek
home we didn't leave during the best
time but it's not the worst year I think
we'll be home within an hour and a half
or so yeah really great day Sunday it
was a lot of fun hanging off Alexis and
her friend Olivia and all I had a lot of
fun
now he's munchin on raisins oli do you
have a good day
like yeah we had fun but yeah he really
did they'll have a lot of fun filming
that video with her yeah it was all
stuff he liked to do so yeah for sure
videos gonna be really cool you guys
really be sure you check out Alexis's
channel yeah Alexis just does fun cool
videos and so I think she's gonna edit
it really fun and she's hilarious
I always laugh at her videos and if you
haven't seen her furry friends tag with
her cat it's so Bob is crazy cat it's
really seriously crazy but anyways both
our phones are basically like we're
about to die and we're like how many oh
we don't know how to get anywhere in
California we have to use our phones for
everything and our our car just does not
charge our footage just stop all of a
sudden though yeah like the last week we
plug it in and like I lose it says it's
charging I swear it sucks the battery
out of our phones like we have a charger
and the charger works fine but it does
not work like their car doesn't work so
anyways I was like how are we gonna get
home and then I got the idea of just
opening up Brian's computer cuz he just
so happened to bring it yeah and so
we've been charging phones now Brian's
at 50 and I'm charging my phone and we
should be able to make it home alive so
that's good I think we're actually you
go ahead and the blog because we're
gonna basically be in the car for the
rest of the night and we're gonna get
home credit late and then he's gonna
edit so give the Volga thumbs up if you
enjoyed it if all I could he was dunce
enough right now he's probably thumbs it
up right now actually you can't see him
all right from Spain
this is home
I am
and that's where I wanna be
yeah wherever you're with
