Missy and I are going to the Apple store
you can evolve out the iPads and
computers and stuff right Missy Missy is
there something wrong with those
pancakes might have been bad we got
green pancakes this morning do you know
why
look at that grumpy face good morning
you guys today is st. Patrick's Day and
Missy just made all of us breakfast and
she made us green pancakes I was a
little worried because you cooked them
and they turned golden brown babe but
they're like bright green inside yeah
that's awesome
all right it's st. Patrick's Day which
means we gotta wear our green I'm
wearing a little green like hair thing
that we got from Target and then a green
shirt that I got for my friend and
always wearing this lucky with a little
pie what is that called four-leaf clover
on tables made three leaf clovers I get
you help too lucky oh and then he's
really super cute green converse which
was like heck to get on I could not get
it on I actually don't think it's all
the way on still I've been working on
these shoes forever I was like this is
why you don't wear these
we're only wearing them for the next ten
minutes but you look so cute and you're
green alright let's go downstairs we
gotta go do stuff you look so cute I
wish those shoes actually would go on I
don't know how little kids wear converse
so weird it's cut fall out
move go go go all right I'm all green
doubt well is this green or mint it's
mainly mint well I bought a shirt for
st. Patrick's Day this year and I cannot
find it oh so oh
silly and I slowly little leprechaun
messing with Missy you think right here
toys on your head you have a toy on your
head
oh and you just put green on your belly
in our in our bed
Suzanne where's your green oh my god mom
oh my gosh head pinch pinch me me center
pin Jesse does that green on such would
like I'm pretty nice right do I have
green eyes I heard I'm school I know
wearing green oh hey Ollie hey hey Ollie
can you can you be quiet for a second
yes what's going on in that belly of
yours mess hey I took at you Holly wants
to listen all you want to listen to I
don't like that big guy uh-huh is that
it yeah
that's so cool babe Oh Holly come listen
granny here listen dear siblings
heartbeat that's so cool babe
it didn't give any reading them oh it
hasn't worked very good like reading
yeah I know even when it does tell me I
don't really trust it cuz it like will
jump around but that's so quali we heard
little gummy bears heartbeat where are
you going
did you go potty no that's where you
stash things huh
there's our Apple remotes are probably
in his toilet hi guys I'm Peter Brian
have a vista kid
actually had a doctor's appointment
which wastes your time just pissing
more insurance insurance
we ditched the kid now against I hope a
today's
today's lunch miss Magnusson see guys
it's ginormous
yep I'm trying to eat it it's really
hard to eat I honestly I winch and it
came with this these chips she's
obsessed with and eating in my ear love
Houseman chips they're very like yeah
this is a parking spot believe it or not
it's a designated parking spot and it's
a weirdest parking spot I've ever parked
in but it was free so that's how we do
Missy and I are going to the Apple stuff
you're gonna buy lots of iPads and
computers and stuff right Missy no
missus just getting her screen fixed on
her phone because she dropped it you'd
remember remember that when you dropped
it that's funny huh babe it's fine
I am officially folded list we dropped
off my phone it's gonna take like an
hour to an hour and a half and always
just at home with my mom and I just felt
back saying she's
and sit in there for a few hours now so
we're going to go back and we ran a few
errands and customs have done but I'm
super calm down on the phone right now I
can survive I on how long can you go you
want to make this interesting no I don't
want to do the game I do think that it
is good to be without your phone
throughout the day like I think that
it's really important to like set our
phones down and play with oli and not
look at our phone and I try and make a
point of that like every day I read this
really interesting article about the
Apple watch coming out and basically how
phones and technology are like a burden
on us right and the new concept behind
the Apple watch is using your phone less
so you don't take your phone out of your
pocket as much yeah because if you just
like to like this to see you know like
an application really quick then you
don't pick up your phone respond and
then get side into it you know it's true
so it is true that like the Apple watch
is buying back time I guess that's what
I'm saying like it's giving you 48 it is
an interesting concept just being able
to like check whatever you need to check
and then not have a million things that
you want to do while you're sitting on
your phone yeah
interesting concept papa see hi it's ami
I'm back with my key shoes he's hanging
out with Mimi all day and when she left
he said I would see Papa and Papa yeah
we're going to see look at Mimi's
already here Wow there papa
hey papa I came to see you okay okay hey
papa papa okay Rizzy hey papa where are
you what baby's here all right now that
we were done seeing Papa and Mimi yeah
we went and saw Mimi and Papa you got
some on your nose hanging on fire go
grab some things from the store like
diapers and some essentials I'm gonna go
home easy ready hey Chris Chapman
seriously I'm someone you know still I'm
sorry
Gumby says I met a leprechaun once he
was delicious now that I think about I
should probably keep grumpycat away from
my littles because they're kind of
leprechaun sized also and she would
probably eat them so I was running like
so many different Aryans of Missy
earlier today I really didn't get to sit
down a computer and do anything or get
any work done
oh and I am
timing man I miss he has my phone and so
she space tightening hello hey hey I was
in the middle of vlogging I had no idea
that I could FaceTime myself
I know trying to see it that's something
I could do
so how's it going are you coming back
what you got for dinner Olli yeah you
got a little muffin as a kini muffin
like it smells yummy
haha are you excited to eat oh great
things are getting crazy in the daily
bombs kitchen tonight you guys I'm too
focused on my cute kid you
I told ollie that it was time for
nine-nine he sees the thing no I'm just
gonna cuddle with Daddy and run over to
me and then Brian's like totally like
soaking it up and giving him exact words
fun you don't have to go night-night
you know what's coming the more you say
night-night the more he will stay there
he's like if I get up I have to go
night-night actually he like he honestly
never cuddles with friends like if I'm
down here it's like he wants to sit and
cuddle with me so this is pretty
beautiful yeah ball and blankie yeah hey
it's finally time for night-night yeah I
know and look he picked up these Olaf's
um night clothes and he loves them who
is that Olaf see ya can you say hola um
daddy read you all your books downstairs
so we're not gonna read tonight we're
just gonna go night-night que IR key say
thumbs up the vog thumbs up
and we'll see you guys tomorrow hope you
guys enjoyed the ball see bye-bye ready
already know Lots
I could say
I am
yeah we were
with your eyes
