oh my god good morning you guys
I woke up feeling loads better and I
also found a show on Hulu called all of
our discovers and so Olli is watching
oliver's this little monkey and he's
been loving it that's so cool did Oliver
just discover the shopping once yeah
there you go I put another episode on
for you buddy oh you got a kiss go mmm
good morning
still using our phone because I cannot
find the Apple TV remote we have like
six hidden around here
I'm also cooking some biscuits and gravy
and I'm trying not to burn the sausage
like I did last time and I just popped
the biscuits in cool shape enough to be
a pretty awesome morning also look what
I found at Ralph's last night when I did
a cookie run for Missy internationals
like Cinnabon classic cinnamon roll
creamer yeah that's awesome it's really
bright I can't really cue many
looking up there like I look ridiculous
I do not bring my sunglasses bribe Ross
I busted it for you go ahead is the way
to go oh yeah ten pairs of sunglasses in
the house babe yeah lion one in this car
okay Brian Bobby and I didn't even have
to get out of bed which sometimes does
make me more nauseous when I get out of
bed without food so I ate a little
something before I out of bed and I've
been feeling really good although I do
need eat her out of the house today and
we really want to do something fun with
Holly and so Brian said let's go take
him to build-a-bear what it said I
tweeted what we should do that's true
and a lot of people suggested that we
should have build-a-bear always a really
good age where he could go through each
thing you know and really enjoy it might
be just a tad
young still but I'm so excited like once
you get that end product he's so excited
fangirl Billy Olly
all right ollie let's go get some lunch
let's get some lunch let's get some
lunch
that's my brain what we write my three
words and we passed it up I know we
decided not to do free words we're gonna
go to the corner bakery cafe corner
bakery
we're going back to the bakery and the
doors are made out of aluminium and the
funny story is that I need to work at
this breast oh yeah we've talked about
that this used to be able to stay cos I
used to wait tables at like two years
ago
yeah that was the door window another
one over here why I know that that is
really weird
that was so good I think
look all right all I got his lunch and
it came with pickle I'm sure Missy and I
do not eat we don't even allow them on
say like oh my god or thing ever but
this just proves you I'm not afraid to
let my child try something okay
hey gonna try bite so you can probably
like a cookie okay you have to try the
pic okay
oh my gosh oh that is okay buddy that is
one thing I do not care if you don't
like did we lose it
go straight into the action
ready buddy mom's gonna walk you through
it okay can do an Olaf or Anna Elsa my
little pony
look at the monkey oh babe he just chose
the purple my little pony he would have
oh look at the dragon that's cool these
are Turtles
Bera me oh he's a fluffy one huh yeah he
likes all the pink and purple ones and
that's okay we have chosen Vera me and
now we have to grab an empty bear me
carcass which is kind of sad going you
guys take it to the lady let's go get
all fluffy on the can we do it
oh it's like the vacuum cleaner at home
okay
those are the innards
your heart special like you can do it
with ice where your ice beggar Humira
good job buddy
you are mr. Ali's are you took the loan
thank you
so now that we have the bear all built
we got to give them a little bath so
push on this
there you go trees nice and clean just
like you do you see anything you want to
get him
you pick some clothes for him if you
want it or you can put them in a dress
that's cool - oh the two - okay how
about we give them a nice brushing you
know how to brush any brushes hair oli
no not your hair your hair's fine don't
you
Missy look at you can get a carrier so
the kids can carry I'm just like a
little baby it's too small for you he
looked and put you're very tall he now
you got a register your bear okay there
you go
and turn it all the info there you go
good job good thing we got Missy over
here action of doing it all right we got
bear me in his condo we're all done huh
are you gonna carry that the whole time
oh you like that one too no let's leave
that one you got one right in there okay
superhero mask no the gallery
now the time has come ladies and
gentlemen we are at byebye baby just
gonna get a nice simple little umbrella
stroller for ollie and we are in the
expectant mother parking yep how's it
feel Missy feels good
did you ever think that you'd be back in
this parking spot again yeah it is a
nice little park huh all right we found
this little simple umbrella stroller by
summer it's pretty cool and then we also
found this which is a stroller fan
that's operated by batteries and all it
gets read really easily and super hot so
yeah we were like yeah let's try it out
see if it works it's like a it's a
toothbrush but I think it also just like
massages tender gum interesting like go
back there I don't know peeping though
mystic comes in is enough like that much
yeah I remember that stage where you
stuck everything in his mouth oh oh that
one's good isn't it okay but that one's
bad too okay okay so look you open
though he says I love you so and then
like it's at the end of the book and
upside down it gives you activity babe
so that you can open the book and then
flip through it it's obviously a
misprint this is freaking out
kind of Starbucks IRA chocolate
Frappuccino and I got the Starbucks soda
I thought that was like a one-time only
thing but they still do it it's so good
it's just really good as it has mag no
corn syrup and like it's natural sugar
like I got me a little soda and frankly
like a huge one now if nobody okay
here's the here's my theory all right we
wait in that drive-thru line in
Starbucks for at least 15 minutes for
what a small drink no just get the
biggest one they have I just wait about
20 minutes for your drinking Starbucks
how about a drink it's just a waste
Missy you only live once he's had a
really fun day is shopping yeah having
fun hang out with holy and so now we're
headed back to starfish for help why
doesn't anybody like me he asked the
last the octopus said the starfish she
is very wise yeah oh you come here
Gracie Mamie he's fighting this oh come
here
oh you little monkey someone doesn't
want to go night-night
yeah the kid is like he's like ignoring
us so that we will just forget that it's
time for bedtime I don't think there's
any forgetting Holly where's the baby
yeah by our galley can you pick kiss
that's not the baby
yesterday he liked kissing I'd be like
oh my gosh you're like kiss my belly
like five times is so cute yeah here
baby just gonna camp again baby gonna
kiss is he playing with the baby
mm-hmm can you give the baby a hug
all right say night-night
oh yeah so silly man that guy that I
love you even though you're such a dork
oh that is come out of your booty you
better not poop again I change it huh I
love you Jerri for Penn yeah retired say
give thumbs up thumbs up see you
tomorrow okay
I am home
Oh
