Oliver is in that contraption right now
way to be imaginative cap say good
morning that's not good morning say good
morning
yeah that's bear me remember when we
used to wake him up when he was little
we say say good morning we're like
waiting for him to say he still hasn't
said it you know
say good morning Dada in the morning
kind of we're still getting there all
right kid oh look what you just did look
at it oh it kind of is on its side ollie
is all dressed I am all dressed Missy is
all dressed and we're gonna go have a
fun family day cuz it's Saturday I don't
want this sad it's data and get it come
on Ollie you wanna bring your little car
alright I'll take that as a yes it's
funny I'm like super ticklish
on my knees and feet I'm gonna show up
to show right here when we were in
church my dad was literally squeeze our
knees and tell us to be quiet but like
in a joking way to try and make us laugh
and we usually get so mad at my dad and
it was really funny our headed now
there's actually a fair in town we're
gonna try and head over there but it's
also the weekends so that means check
it's super traffic you lately around
this area on the weekend and it's been
kind of a bummer it makes you like not
want to leave the house on the weekend
like anything we don't know we can just
make Monday and Tuesday or weekend
everything happens on the beach
everything molly is watching women's
tennis at our booth that's pretty funny
you've never been to a restaurant yeah I
guess this is a TV themed restaurant but
all there is a sports and so Ollie found
women's tennis and now that's what we
have on yeah what do you think buddy
oh nice Bali look at that volley Ali's
like bah bah all right we just made it
to the fairgrounds and funny story we
didn't have any cash dollars don't
forget to bring cash it's $5 to park at
the fairgrounds we're like 20 minutes
out of town also and so we found I had
$2 in my wallet and mrs. crouch $3 yeah
and then I found literally a dollar in
dimes and then a dollar it like 90 cents
in nickels and ten cents in yes so now
our car has no I'm so it's so busy like
handing or like five dollars in chain
we should have handed her this cambodian
money nothing nothing this is this is
less than a penny really yeah that's
like a half a penny hopefully he's
rested enough to go have some fun
we're at the Temecula Family Fare and
there is a crazy-looking turkey that is
a mean-looking turkey huh buddy
apparently they do like turkey races
here
I used to suck at these things never do
that babe seriously they made a stupid
in Boy Scouts and I was horrible at it I
can I never got to the top once I don't
think I know it's really sad I probably
could do it now but be weird
what's in there ollie big old Turtles
look at that thing oh my gosh tortoise
is huge okay but still like compared to
a turtle eating some of that cactus
Polly look who's over here
it's Elsa frozen juicier look at Elsa do
you think he knows after seeing it so
much come on buddy go say hi Elsa
I have one of those braids right now
does that feel cool oli is a big fan of
yours yes
yeah look at that buddy cool really
everywhere now cool buddy and give high
five high five
do pound can you pound it do not close
and we'll get whiggy whiggy Thank You
honor and a puppy
Thank You Elsa bye-bye haha honor
painted on you
what did on a paint on you oh that's
legit bro we did want to do Olaf but it
was a little too much and I don't know
if you would have even stayed still to
do a face painting so we did it on the
arm too although he was kind of
mesmerized he might have stayed still
don't we found a big ball look at that
get it hit the big ball
is this the biggest ball ever he can't
even pick it up yeah the ball he wants
to win a ball look at all these cool
little rides we got going on over here I
don't know how many he can actually ride
but we'll see oh look at this bunch of
little kid rides over there this is like
a fair that Missy and I met at remember
and good ol Idaho we met at a little
fair like this so Ollie is just a little
too small to ride any ride all the rides
you have to be at least three feet I
know I'm sorry buddy
he's gonna pick two frogs
so Alicia could do that that does look
cool all right we were finally home I am
exhausted that Sun just wiped us all out
and all he actually hasn't happened
napped today he slept like for that a
second in the car but he hasn't had in
his official nap and by now it's like a
little too late for a nap oh those knees
it's done no but instead of putting him
down for a nap I thought maybe we'll
just relax and watch frozen so he's
actually done here I'll cut it up in
this chair we watching frozen yeah yeah
you mean yeah he looks very comfy and
ready to relax and so am i hopefully I
don't fall asleep sitting here we are
grilling up some steaks for us and the
whole family feels good to be using my
grill again we actually have the whole
family here and we're basically doing
like surf and turf everyone's just been
cooking and getting everything ready
excited oh look at all these crab legs
we got like ten or eleven big old crab
legs and so we're just gonna cook those
up and we got the Red Lobster cheddar
biscuits I'm excited and it looks like
Cassie and Ollie are making a huge mess
in this room what is going on here
Oliver is in there
Oliver is in that contraption right now
way to be imaginative cat it's
they only take a minute
yes yeah just a minute because they're
already cooked and they're thawed
Holly's got a ball look at you got a
little football that's pretty cool huh
it's like I said we are surfing turpan
it up
that's our turf that is I surf we got
got mashed potatoes and those biscuits
Missy made looking bangin misty will
make it there you go auntie peg sighs
hey faith oh he cut straight to the wig
away high five Ollie found it he is
confused
oh I'm surprising a high five your face
Pam all right Ollie it's time for
night-night so we got to end the vlog
can you tell him thumbs up yeah cute um
thumbs up yeah and he just said and and
make sure you subscribe right click it
click it up it's up there up there right
up there now I think it's not it's in
the bottom right now oh yeah there think
so it's somewhere on the screen just
click thanks for watching today's vlog
was either Baba huh
I am home
and that's where I wanna be yeah
wherever
with me
