are you kidding me right now ollie good
morning you guys I am cleaning up this
kitchen and Missy is still not feeling
good
she sat out on the couch or this is just
part of her whole elaborate plan to feel
sick so that I clean up the house is
that is that what's going on right now I
think that's so funny I left oh no she
actually just got done throwing up I
just have been wanting to clean up a
little and I cleaned the stove look at
that
and I clean the counters I did the
dishes I got the grocery order in we
sent the order last night online and
they delivered it right to us this
morning so it was really cool now I'm
going to sweep and mop and Missy you can
be my little audience huh doing my
chores it's hard to sit here and watch
me do it it's really it is it's hard I
clean very good don't I Oh Fandral is
bugging me
well I'm behind sweaty I need the fans
on I'm a big guy cleaning your house I
don't know it's just I hate watching
people clean my house because it just
feels like my job and it just it's just
like it's like stop doing my job
I told Missy I was like why don't we get
a maid you're pregnant it's hard for you
to keep up I don't want you to sauce
like let's just get a maid they'll come
once a week and they'll sweep and vacuum
and stuff that's because be the
conversation went a little bit
differently I okay guys if you want
Justin if you want to suggest getting a
maid to your wife plan that conversation
out because I probably didn't say it as
smoothly as I was supposed to and now
look what I'm doing I'm stuck cleaning
the house all on my own
look at all that dog hair
that's like a whole other Karma this is
the only time I would recommend using
the devil's help okay otherwise stay
away from him he's a bad guy but this
thing actually works really good
now I'm steamed up and steamed up and oh
yeah this thing is really hot very very
warm it's really nice though really
Missy this mop is your favorite thing in
the whole world really this mop right
here is your favorite thing sorry to
sound like your mom just sounds like the
future well hey guys I finally have some
makeup on my face I have my hair done
I'm still not dressed but I'm getting
there good thing about my whole
pregnancy is that I have some really
really sick times and sometimes around
just like I can't get up but I seem to
be able to get dressed and get my hair
done and makeup done every single day
and I even can usually leave the house
that I'm really really thankful for all
he's still not being being such a good
boy
he's so good at sleeping actually funny
story I I actually signed up before I
knew I was pregnant for a bachelorette
party over the weekend like this weekend
I would leave tonight and be gone til
Sunday but I ended up having to opt out
of excited to go to a bachelorette party
and feel so sick and not be able to go
to bed and not be able to find anything
like that I want to eat or can't eat
without throwing up I'm working through
this I'm I am excited to be back to
myself it is really really hard for me
to be sick I do not like not being able
to do things because on normal days like
I clean my house I take care of all of
her morning tonight basically and you
know I'm busy like I'm a mom yeah I am a
stay-at-home mom and stay-at-home moms
are busy it is really hard for me to not
be that person and I'm really trying not
to like get down about it I mean I am
lucky I have a husband who is here with
me as well who can help out a lot and so
I'm really thankful for that but it is
hard really
definitely hard to not like be able to
take care of like simple things around
the house this is actually the fourth
time I've been pregnant which I know can
be sometimes hard to to say because it
kind of has a sad part to it this is my
fourth time going through the first
trimester and it is just as hard as the
first time and I definitely know how my
body is and it's funny but when we first
started daily vlogging we had the
conversation to daily vlog I'm going on
three minute clip we had the
conversation the daily vlog in December
and we wanted to start in on January 1st
but I told Brian no because I really
didn't want to vlog like the first thing
that we're blogging would be like my
first trimester with Oliver and I just
really didn't want people to see me and
how like I am in my first trimester
trimester which is like kooky and sick
and exhausted and just I look terrible
and I act terrible and it's hard and so
this is the first time I've actually
filmed my first trimester and I hate it
I hate seeing myself how I am and I hate
people seeing me in a way where I just
I'm sick I'm sick for like weeks it's
not even just like a couple days sick
it's like I'm sick for a few weeks long
story short I hope this past is soon cuz
I'm ready to be back to my old self are
you kidding me right now ollie hi how'd
it go pound it Oh see he's wearing a hat
right now on the right yeah we put it on
the right way and then he took it off
and then he tried to put it on backwards
so I helped him out and then he left a I
guess he likes it like that
this is too much I'm sorry you are so
freaking cute you have so much swag
right now it's not even funny he's gonna
grow into that hat though it's really
nice this is a hat from Sly Fox right
it's all white in the feathers cool
little uh legging thing y'all link it
below because we get a lot of clothes
from them and they're actually good
friends of ours so it's cool so cute the
cutest clothes for like people are
pregnant yeah dad yeah so they have
really good baby stuff - including hat
also he has extremely bad bedhead right
now and we don't want to do his hair cuz
though we're gonna go grab some lunch
I'm gonna go reward myself because I've
been Cinderella all day figure out
whatever oh wow what do you want well if
you take this right oh my gosh are you
serious
really needed alright Missy your wish is
my command I'm not only playing the role
of Cinderella today but also the fairy
godmother obviously no I'm Cinderella
well I guess Cinderella Cinderella is
that the basket I know I really want to
and yes all he's still wearing his hat
and it's freaking adorable and we're
trying to contain yourself oh when I
could even I'm so happy right now
I actually got chicken in my stomach and
it seems to be staying and I actually
don't really good right now chicken
there was so good and like I feel like I
got something actually someone healthy
and me I really have really anything
like nothing let's just hope you don't
see it and about that's what I'm going
to experience if I feel good are you
laughing at Holly what tell me he
laughing at karma is you being so silly
yeah you want to go swim into but no
yeah he doesn't know the difference
between knowing yes Bryan may be so
jealous that he went swimming yesterday
no I'm getting it I'll go as you can see
it is a filthy pool landscapers came and
they I literally watch them blow stuff
into the pool so pretty filthy I tried
to skim it a little bit before we came
out here but it's I might just have to
get in and do it too Oh what is this
daddy would not be happy about this we
are hanging by the pool it feels so good
your badge who needs her and then you
can take pink cake knife Incan Karma's
having a really fun time too aren't you
Carm we're in the pool
you ready get it get it karma get it go
in there silly dog we're gonna be doing
this all summer long as I get bigger
like I'm gonna love getting in the pool
yeah taking like just totally I did that
and then all right you guys you want to
see our new car
it's greed we want to get same color as
our yes
this is nice she pretty cool do those
things still like like beep when you
pull up them up oh no they do that my
grandma had a catalog and you feel like
lifted up the Cadillac sign on the front
it would like Tom oh yeah cuz everyone
steals up I'm like those do you stuff
like that I'm wondering if it's not a
thing anymore I think they said yeah I
wonder if honks I wonder if they put
them on there a little bit better
all right Brian dragged me to the house
earlier it's like I really want to go
see a movie and I was like that's
indifferent I really don't think I'm
guilty I don't feel good but like I'll
let you know if I feel better and you
know we'll go and sure enough I feel
okay right now the drive didn't like got
me so I feel pretty good I'm happy
because I really wanted to go see
Cinderella and so Cassie's watching only
he's going to bed and we're gonna go
watch TV
hopefully you spit at the monitor the
runners in her purse yeah he sleeps all
night anyways and then we were home is
he just ran upstairs because she had to
throw up
so she said she felt really good during
the movie which was awesome and the
movie was really really good and I love
autumn Carter stole the show like usual
but anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video if you did please give it
a thumbs up and if you are new click
that subscribe button
I don't know where it is but you can
click it absolute up videos every single
day here on the YouTube thanks for
watching we'll see you tomorrow
this is home just whenever
I am home
that's where I wanna be
