so I'm actually just finishing up some
grocery shopping I just gotta some of
the the essentials here finish mine hey
guys just put Ollie down for a nap he's
being kind of a stink about it he's
laying well cuz he's trying to fall
asleep mm-hmm he laid like right--don't
on his back and I swear he was
pretending to snore like to try and
trick me into thinking that he was
asleep you just got back from swim so
hopefully he's tired he takes a really
good nap Missy and I artists but to make
some lunch was she heated up some of
what I made yesterday that no key and
chicken and shrimp is it good mom got
more I'll do it Missy's not feeling too
hot are we what happened tell them what
happened I got a or we got us when and I
got in the car is feeling nauseous but
it thought I'd be fine and so as soon as
we started driving I realized I'm not
gonna be fine I need to pull over so I
pulled over thank the Lord that you
pulled over Oh guess what
huh I'm 11 weeks really today today
which means that if we went by quad
masters instead of trimester I get my
second partner ha ha ha I'm gonna make
myself a sandwich we got these really
cool rolls see I'm gonna watch sandwich
which is basically just an excuse to eat
chips I mean let's be honest I'm
obsessed with chips and I look forward
to lunch all day just so that I can eat
chips Burgas a hodge I need to go to
chip rehab
I'll go raised in rehab brazen rehab he
does ha ha once a season
like I bought all the sandwich
ingredients that I need to make a Jersey
Mike's number eight at home because I'm
so obsessed with their sandwiches but I
can't be going there every single day
even though I really want to what is the
bacon
oh the Bacon's in the microwave I got my
bread two slices of provolone cheese ham
yeah they like prinkle it like blue
three slices of Turkey I even got
shredded lettuce just like so I have red
wine vinegar they put all over it just
like that and a little bit of oil then I
get spices which I learned is just
oregano so I'm gonna put lots of oregano
on there cuz I like lots of oregano on
my sandwich I always ask for extra
spices and then salt we're going to do
some mayonnaise and last but not least
bacon look at this beast this is a
Jersey Mike's number 8 club sub at home
I did all the same ingredients I think
what really makes it really yummy is
gonna be that olive oil vinegar and
spices there's pretty good it's pretty
close yeah not perfect still really
really good sandwich stop look who's
awake ladies and gentlemen Oliver just
woke up from his slumber and he's in
peanut butter and jelly and mandarin
oranges he's got some whole milk
I am very hyped up because I've had
about five cups of iced tea
it's just so good today we're testing
out a new app and it's called periscope
and it's kind of like meerkat and you
stream live video and people comment
look at all the people commenting yeah
it's actually way nicer we've been
enjoying it a lot lot more who said
turds did someone say turds and people
can like touch the screen and give us a
little hearts look at oli right now by
the way he is like totally schmoozing
he's like what Danny I love you what is
he doing I was using the app and I woke
up Olly and then we made him a peanut
butter and jelly sandwich so everyone
got to watch us live and hang out with
us I was pretty cool huh so I think I'm
actually gonna start using periscope and
said I mean your cat let me know in the
comments what you guys think if you were
there for both of these dreams in which
one you liked better
you are preferring periscope a lot more
you are - you're like this is fun this
is fun this is fun how cuddly he is
right now
I like it gay cuz you like something now
what did he say will you guys let me
know what he said in the comments of why
so cuddly
so I'm actually just finishing up some
grocery shopping I just got a some of
the the essentials here finish my
groceries yeah yeah I need one of these
okay okay yep definitely need enemies
and any one of these so one of those I
mean great nothing on it three keys
going to good tip oh this is what I
catch the boys up to you guys are just
being boys oh great he's not fitting
here for much longer
yeah yeah we got put in the back drag
the cool little bunny done that that
cool did I get all right you're
officially out oh man I have not logged
a lot today I just have not been feeling
very well
don't look very good but I just don't
care today I just don't really care I
don't even really want to be dressed
really I were actually headed to my mom
and dad because I wanted alway to play
in the sprinklers and we have like a
front yard that he can play it and we
usually let him play with the sprinklers
out there but I kind of wanted to play
with Mimi a puppet as well all right all
are you ready to play yeah oh you're
getting Mimi
he told me those what he's doing to
Holly I've got it hooked up to the to
the hose over there but this is like the
only hose where they can he can like
play on the concrete and so no one can
walk outside once it's on look at code
is like ah water
nice ha ha look at him he's like what
you'll like this give you today is
notably are concurrent code
are you squirting mommy you're not safe
with him you're part of me give up spray
papa
Kota you got a need a you're gonna need
a bath now yes you are sorry your little
muddy here comes daddy doesn't even care
there is not wet there we go there we go
hey back
you gotta run ollie run baby back good
daddy what do you think about that ollie
now yeah careful ollie ran in here and
found the kitty you found Claire bear hi
Claire bear forgiven cuddles Jim Cotto's
ah
kitty cuddles look how sweet and calm
Claire is just let him cuddle all up on
him you don't care you don't care do you
kitty hi
he's just so forgiving you know here's
one does whatever you want
Nikhil ah we need a cat Missy it's that
time right buddy we are in the tub full
of suds I'm just giving Ollie a little
bath hey sit down are you going on your
toys now no you are
yay say yes all they say yes yes you do
know how to say say yes we have been
trying to teach him yes cuz he's been
using not for yes which I don't think
you know you're saying do you
in detail there we go
got some bowls on your head you want a
little baby beard yeah yeah you do
though
baby beard yes you want a baby beard
baby beard baby yeah yeah I got it on me
but anyway yep giving him a bath that
means that is bed time so we're gonna
put this little kid to bed although
we've been trained not to say bed time
either or nine eight all you want to go
night-night
no that was an actual no because he does
not like the word night-night so we've
been trying to use a different word for
like that time actually parents let us
know what you use cuz obviously kids
aren't really in favor of going to bed
when they're supposed to but anyway I
hope you guys enjoy today's vlog just
had like a random fun little day just a
cosy little day huh kind of high five
pound it and go wiggle wiggle wiggle
wiggle it away alright thank you guys so
much for watching get the vlogger thumbs
up and we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
this is home just so
are you talking
I am home
and
that's where a war
be yeah wherever you're with me
