O'Brien but he ran into the room and he
got got on top of my makeup chair any
paint on Internet how's it going I'm
holding the wheel also while blocking
yeah I can do more than one thing at a
time
how's it going guys this morning we have
been getting so much done she's been on
the phone with doctors and insurances
and figuring that all out god bless ER I
answered a bunch of emails this morning
and I started getting my video going for
the Cambodia video that I want to do on
my channel hopefully it will be up
hopefully this week but right now I'm
going to grab a some nourishment I
needed a break get out of the house
experience some of the Sun and this
beautiful frickin day out here look at
this guys this is crazy I love where I
live I love where I live I love Southern
California I do not like traffic
yesterday this part was so packed
because it was the weekend and it took
forever just to get down the street I
was like that ain't cool I don't want to
do that wherever you live you know
there's always going to be something
like about it and something you don't
like about it unless you live in like
Stepford cuz that place is like perfect
Monday let's get it started we're gonna
have a good week you guys it's gonna be
a good week are you having a good week
I know it's Tuesday for you and I know
you aren't experienced Monday but I hope
your Monday was good just keep pushing
if you're struggling you know if you had
a rough Monday and you're struggling
just keep pushing you guys we're almost
there
morning guys waiting guys morning guys
hi good morning guys
I have just been cleaning up the
upstairs I kind of got to do a little
bit more downstairs but it really does
baffle my mind
how quickly this house can become a
disaster when it was like literally
spotless on Saturday and now I mean it's
not like dirty definitely not dirty but
just everything is so messy it gets so
messy so quickly kind of frustrating and
it's funny because I wouldn't say that
it has anything to do with Oliver or
anything to do with just having a
toddler mmm it's just cuz we're human
beings and we get things out and make
things messy and oh it's a bit
exhausting but I've just been cleaning
up all he's taking a nap he was really
really exhausted this morning and kind
of super grouchy so I put him down for
an early nap and he has just been
sleeping away and I'm not starving after
cleaning so much so Brian went to go get
me some lunch because apparently we have
like no food in the house Perley we go
shop in Jersey Mac swag gosh I love
their sandwiches they literally make my
mouth water I crave them so good like I
was totally waiting for that flame
broiler to open up been there once
because every time I'm like yeah I'd
rather have sandwiches good morning
buddy there's that cute baby I'm right
here I was like I'm right here to
apologize to him cuz you were so mean to
him he was mean to me earlier he wasn't
it look at that scowl already like naw
mean alright I'm gonna take this so we
don't get dirty great you should list
okay I'll put it I'll put it right
behind you okay so don't be touching you
there you go ooh look at that
mommy improvising that's how you do it
what do we got we got some pears and we
got a PB&J YUM I saw a really funny
comment today from Scott Sandler and it
said I married a hottie with a body
she's a cutie with a booty and now she's
a lady with a baby did I get your
sandwich wrong no oh I I didn't know if
you liked lettuce I thought you liked
okay take it off because I
annoying you're not annoying I just made
here just a weird annoying pregnant lady
I just like much he's like listen to me
okay yeah that was a little bunny my dad
got you huh look cool cool no I wasn't
putting him you guys I just filmed a
really cute shot of oli plugging his
ears and me singing in the song and it's
really funny but when I went to stop
recording it it started recording I'm
super super bummed about it anyways I'm
in the backseat of my own car and my dad
and my mom are driving and I'm sitting
with my brother and it's this wish you
got back here because you have grown a
bit since we shared back seeds together
feelings are hurt I wanted to go to the
park and I was like you guys want to go
the park with oli and they're like yeah
and then Jimmy was like yeah I want to
go and everyone wanted to go the park so
that's what we're doing right now we're
excited if we can go the park huh and
he's got raisins so what more does a boy
need huh you got raisins all as well
yeah that's him yeah you like raisin say
YUM we gotta walk around yeah you can't
keep going keep going
what are you doing face another table
yeah you consider the table by yourself
so I've been working on stuff in my
office but also looking at the real time
hey someone just unsubscribed look at
the real time subscriber count' for our
channel and we are one hundred
ninety-nine away from 198 199 that
person keeps sub subbing in on subbing
stop doing that oh we're like two
hundred away from hitting three hundred
thousand subscribers that freaking out
8:03 now
kitty swing swing him a little good job
you can't climb up it there you go
I'm vlogging my first meerkat stream
ever we are so excited because we're
about to hit 300 thousand subscribers
everyone say hey to the vlog this is
really cool if you guys don't know what
meerkat is it's this really fun app and
you basically live stream on Twitter and
then people can like talk back to you
and it's all on Twitter so you guys
should go download the meerkat app so
that we can do this sometimes but I'm
York adding because look at this two
hundred and ninety nine thousand nine
hundred and twenty six Oh keep going
careful careful oh this is very good
scary good job we had so much fun with
meanie pop at the park huh you're
exhausted
GFI was Mimi and Papa it was actually
really sadly that he cried he did not
leave his meet me in Papa huh hey don't
be naughty anyways but now we gotta go
grocery shopping for dinner we gotta get
stuff for dinner okay you ready go
shoppin then we'll go see Dada Oh
everything just looked so cool he wants
everything say hello to the vlog this is
happening two hundred and ninety nine
thousand nine hundred and ninety three
ninety four OMG hold up guys I know my
meerkat my phone is falling oh sorry
meerkat I'm putting you back up high
okay I'm kind of having a freakout
moment because we're so close okay
everyone needs to tweet right now this
is the most important thing
hashtag daily bumps to 300k let's do
this oh my gosh look at it go look at it
go look at it go are you serious are you
serious right now
one away we are one away from 300
thousand subscribers ha this is so
exciting it's gonna change
hashtag Danny Buster three tequilas
doodles
boom look at that number oh my gosh
we just hit three hundred thousand
subscribers and I watched it live
seriously thank you guys so much from
the bottom of my heart this means so
much to us you guys I can't even imagine
that three hundred thousand people would
want to watch our silly little life on
YouTube you know but I'm just so happy
that we could give such an inspiring
positive message to young families to
young couples to young people all over
the world you know like you can do it
you can make it happen look at this this
is these are like flying in now Ollie
was going a little crazy while shopping
so I found him a little book to read and
it actually has little things that he
can touch and feel keep on their nuts
aww
people love this book it's keeping our
team that's all that matters
hey babe how's it going yeah sure
look at where we're at you see we're so
close oh we are we are we hit it it's
not amazing yeah look at that baby
300,000 32 that's so weird
isn't that crazy yeah Missy that is a
dead animal in our sink right now what
are you doing make it dance busy make it
dance daily bumps hit 300,000
subscribers this isn't it No yeah you
got to pull that out baby no I tried
it's not yeah it'll come out it'll come
out I promise Oh your hand was in its
butthole hey buddy I missed you yep fun
look at this beast you guys ooh that
macro action on that chicken you see you
outdid yourself she put gravy and the
gravy boho me a biscuit oh my gosh this
is amazing does that mean you're gonna
make dinner more awful okay
throw the ball daddy good ha ha we play
good catch chillin to this yeah vanish
get the ball
yeah it is
it's just think over campus say Oh give
me kiss
love you good night 900 man today has
been an exhausting day I just been
running after this kid all day O'Brien
but he ran into the room and he dropped
got on top of my makeup chair and he
paid on it I caught him in there he was
like I see him like looking down he's
just kind of like messing with it and
he's like and then P is coming out and
he's just like IPP I'm like oh I give
you guys like a huge thank you for
300,000 subscribers um it's definitely
just like mind-blowing and shocking and
something that we could have never
imagined this keeps growing and it's
just weird it's like why are people
subscribing to us why are people
watching us and we just love it like we
love you guys it's crazy and we try our
best to put out good vlogs and and no
tane vlogs and stuff that's real on just
us and it's just really nice that people
just love that and it's really cool
Kiki Kazan it thumbs up you want to go
99 he's like I'm at antenna lights off
and turn the lights off to make it dark
okay okay all right guys we'll see you
guys tomorrow
click the lights right
this is home just never so
are you talking
I am home
and that's where a war
gonna be yeah wherever
you're with me
