yeah yo main channel the camera I turned
it on please say hi morning guys it is
Sunday morning and we've decided we're
gonna go get some breakfast we don't
normally go to breakfast
but we've been wanting to last couple
weeks like on the weekend Ryan you did
it we're all out of the house well dress
it morning time yeah I basically had a
bacon you gotta go yeah he did good big
hi Holly
but he did take Nicole last night
because he wasn't feeling good so
definitely knocked him out so he was
pretty exhausted but they actually both
fell asleep on the couch last night we
were watching that new show on Netflix
Kimmy sure unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
it's really funny it's a really good
show I was created by Tina Fey yeah it's
so it's hilarious been watching like
four episodes right we've been just
watching at night anyways you passed out
doing one of them to rewatch and I like
woke up I was like oh I need to we need
to get up to the bed so anyways we slept
really good last night we didn't bring a
ball to breakfast but we brought an
orange and so we're improvising you want
it you're three three eight one
they're not here buddy look lady does
when he throws that he just smashes it
on the ground it's gonna be orange juice
really soon just like it is it is kind
of all just liquid now he go
it's not a cool ball what are you going
oh you see the little girl yeah yeah
we're waiting for a table go to mama
really big
sorry dolly oh by the way we guys look
at my wife this morning
dang killing it babe you look awesome
I made a hottie with a body cutie with a
booty oh he's got the phone that we just
got fixed thank you
that's not you hold that and you let us
know when it's ready okay for our table
it'll go possess oh okay
he thinks everything's evolving so we'll
just connect sit back look at this uh
french toast let me see guides a
cinnamon roll cut in half and then
battered like french toast yeah it's
kind of a lot going on it's really good
though too much for breakfast yeah what
are they teaching you on baby Einsteins
ollie about numbers the numbers okay
that's what he said right you're
teaching me number yes that's what I
said
number one yeah look it Oh number two
he's looking at that girl no bikini
instead yum-yum-yum
look at you taking your breakfast to go
huh you eat like a turtle lowest person
on her yeah like I'm like just take it
just take it with you yeah he really is
like the slowest eater ever so we always
have to take it to go but I'm not too
excited about him eating it in his car
see because then he'll just smash it all
over it's Garcia stuff alright Missy and
I dropped off the kid at the sitter
well actually we drop to consider up at
our house and we're going to see
insurgent in 3d whoa Zen 3d Missy whoa
whoa we have not read the dup the
divergent series but we watched the
first movie and it was really cool so
this one looks cool too right
he's lost these are great for popping
off the lenses using
nerd laughs yes Cassie just asked me for
some hipster glasses the other day since
she can't a computer dance I don't have
any so now we have two pairs so we're
gonna watch the movie that we're gonna
look like it's really supposed to turn
them in no oh really but they put them
in these prepackaged things for you we
paid extra for these Mad Max fury road
anyone waiting for this yeah you owe me
turn on the camera I turned it on you
say hi hi okay so yesterday whoa oh it's
okay we have misspelled yesterday when
we hung out with my dad his wife brought
over a bunch of presents for all
including this and so I went to show to
you guys us see are you ready you ready
three two
oh right by our face go get it come here
push it push it push your heart ready
okay yeah no lovely flower I think what
we what do you say it to them careful
what are you saying
push it see if you can hit the camera
almost oh wow so you guys did a little
more force like this oh I hit it you
don't get it
it's okay here you can play with that
okay yeah right there like that like
that right there
yep he's starting to mimic us like
talking to the camera which I think it's
really really cute he just got back from
insurgent and it was really good I
really loved the series and I love where
they're taking it so I'm excited for a
movie three
who's at the door hello all right we'll
let you in booger-face come in if you
want to live he doesn't want to come in
you just want to stay at the window that
dirt window is dirty clean it while
you're out there miss hande limo all
he's sleeping we got him to sleep say
yeah but he sleeps like a bat why are
you here but earth like a bat
I just left no be chosen you boys sleep
it is like he's so cute
okay so here's the deal you guys we are
so close to 300,000 subscribers and
we're so excited and I have a
proposition for you you watching right
now okay if you are not subscribed let
me just tell you number one it's free
you just click that subscribe button and
then you will get like it'll show up on
your little video thing when you go to
YouTube makes it much easier so instead
of like going on the wing to you turn
children eating your favorite youtubers
names yeah you're just making the cams
up right away crazy and you can also put
on email notification and then you get
to click the subscribe button I mean
it's so much fun clicking the subscribe
button but yeah if you're not subscribed
and you're watching this subscribe
because Missy and I were just talking
about how when we first started watching
YouTube we never subscribe to anyone we
would just search them yeah we don't
really understand and then we're like oh
you can create an account and like
subscribe to like your favorite
youtubers and if you guys want to share
us with your friends and have them
subscribe that would be really cool and
they know the part of the before 3 yeah
some good videos to share with your
friends the two-year montage founding
out we were pregnant the second time or
Olly's birth blog those are both three
really good videos so if you want to
share and say hey go check on them out
there look look at the shameless self
bad we don't know better right now also
this is almost at 100k on Instagram
she's actually really excited about that
i am ercell if you guys are following
her on instagram or me on it i have an
instagram account you'll see more
pictures of all this is so bad like I
feel like we're gonna get so much hatred
so go follow us on Instagram um
karma has a Twitter he's almost has
10,000 followers so go fault I'm just
kidding goodnight follow again
should we make comment with it you don't
need it whether you make that you don't
need it you attorney the weirdest thing
to many social media all he would say
all day long was fall and park walk like
no nobody back and then you do it crying
oh no okay okay get done okay I did
nothing of the soil subscribe and follow
us on Easter night you don't want to you
don't have to if you don't want to but I
would make a super duper happy sorry
hope you enjoyed today's vlog we had a
great day
Jill a great day yes I did I love you
there's Sun kind of kiss did you like
the movie yeah I did I really liked it
oh my foot really hurts
yeah it was really really good it
definitely threw me for a surprise and
spoiler alert Missy squirrels things all
the time so I'm just gonna okay my
saying too much Jess shut all right so
that's all for today's video I hope you
guys enjoyed it click thumbs up if you
did thumbs up karma bumbler oh that was
just me you can't do it cuz he has no
thumbs but you know what that's why
that's not why you can't do anything I
hate the army that dog can't do so
because they don't thumbs there are
plenty of things that I can do without
them thumbs up and subscribe and we'll
see you guys tomorrow ok bye bye
5 boys
this is home
just well you never look so
are you talk
I am home
and
that's where a war
gonna be yeah wherever your wish
look it it I can still climb I can still
climb a ladder with no thumbs what I
can't do is if I didn't have knuckles so
he doesn't have knuckles that's why he
can't I just just dressing up anyways
