mmm-hmm what else
oli what do you got you got Apple Jacks
the exhaling left the pantry open and
Ollie got into the Apple Jacks this
all-time favorite cereal snack on kid is
such a snacker there you go
can snack on a couple okay you barely
even ate your breakfast like yeah you
wanted Apple Jacks
grab your slippers huh
you know we put them on come here let's
put show slippers on so your feet stay
Wow
then maybe on the wrong feet that's okay
good morning guys Holly and I are
watching some Finding Nemo
we've been really good at like finding
really cool cartoons in the morning and
it catches his attention for quite a
while but he still can only last about
40 minutes to an hour you feel very
energetic this morning aren't you not
like Mama and Daddy
we were up late Missy's actually not
feeling so well so she is upstairs she
hung out down here for a while and then
she decided to go upstairs and just
relax a little just to get away from
isn't the light and the sound and this
kid getting into everything so I'm
watching him while Missy gets a little
bit of rest this morning the first part
of pregnancy is just so rough for her
every single time it's been so rougher
or she guys all day sickness and
nauseous all the time
What's Up kiddo
here's way too much energy
Holley definitely knows how to party
already yeah you take the phone in sit
on the toilet not sure where you learned
that alright Missy has not been feeling
good at all she's still in bed and the
only thing that sounded good for her to
eat was KFC mashed potatoes so I picked
her up some chicken and we got mashed
potatoes and I'm bringing it back to her
like a knight on a steed carrying gold
for his princess I currently look better
than I feel I'm just throwing up this
morning and I'm so dizzy and I'm so weak
I feel so horrible no pregnancy is
kicking my butt right now literally the
only thing that sounded good was mashed
potatoes from KFC and Brian went and got
it for me didn't you it's weird
KFC mashed potatoes are like they're
like borderline mashed potato I know
someone even claimed you know like the
only time KFC mashed potatoes sounds
appetizing is when you're pregnant you
are definitely pregnant
I haven't had KC literally probably
since my pregnancy with Oliver I just
love their mashed potatoes it's just so
yummy I'm not sure if I can even eat the
chicken I'm gonna really try but
hopefully I can at least get some mashed
potatoes at me I feel so sick yeah
that's a six biscuit Brian - oh my gosh
nothing you don't like the biscuits and
on the move her biscuit whoever these
biscuits will be so little gravy yeah Oh
someone made a good point get a day to
like you haven't really been eating as
much sweets and candy it's true I'm not
craving cookies like
normally and like I always create like
cookie dough or cookies and squeeze them
not it's so weird I feel so like
different person
oh he is awake good morning oh did you
wake up kind of grumpy that's okay -
okay you got a good nap huh finally yay
hi hey woody why are you frozen are you
frozen
okay he's frozen ollie is frozen ollie
move Oliver why are you frozen
Ollie are you okay Ollie okay what is
going on right now are you punking me
are you can you move I did you fall
asleep standing up you know candy no
scary why'd you do that
okay can I read your book you did not
want to get out of bed mm-hmm what else
buh-buh-bear full okay tell me more
about your story you're telling me a bit
a long story tell me more
okay mm-hmm I baby my face being covered
I'm sorry I love you oh you got my phone
we're doing some shopping huh I am
actually on the Von's app right now and
if you don't know what Vons is it's a
grocery store that actually me and Brian
never shop at but they do um you can
actually shop online for your groceries
and then they will deliver them for you
I'm like that is so cool because I feel
like for a couple reasons number one I
think that you'll tend to spend less
money because you're not just wandering
on the star being like this sounds good
I guess so that sounds good and it's
basically something that you can like
order like for like I can just like be
like oh we're out of this and just
to my list and then when I'm ready I can
like you know have them deliver it and
so and it needs like $10 to have it all
delivered not only shop like better but
I think you shop like more precisely
like okay I eat eggs that's what I'm
gonna get now so it's pretty cool
especially if you're doing like a big
shopping trip probably not for like
something like where you just like run
down and grab one thing but for a big
shopping like thing I feel like this is
a good idea so anyways I've got my list
I've got 28 items in my shopping cart
I'm pretty excited see how this works
out
are you excited we don't have to go to
the store let me know if you guys
grocery shop online and if this is
something that you guys do very often
and if it does save you money
I ride all you're all strapped in your
wagon you're ready to go have some fun
give me a high five
can we pound it can you pound it yeah
we're gonna go to the park and play okay
yeah you guys in check out all these
awesome climbing skills yeah hold on
here you go whoa I go like that you guys
step back bring your knees up there you
go
there you go AHA this is where it gets
tricky good job
alright alright alright mommy got you
mommy got you got me he's really good
right hold on
yeah he's doing it though
oh my gosh she week-long says he's
working out his arms right now he's
working on them big guns he's gonna go
to the big slide are you gonna do that
all by yourself buddy
he is a stunt double in the making he
has no fear that's amazing that is
amazing that he can climb all the way up
there and go down himself did you have
fun at the park did you have fun
okay you got to stay in the wagon okay
you're so talkative today we've got
Brian cooking dinner funny story
actually we had so much food that I
called my parents I was like you guys
wanna come over because we have so much
food and they're here actually right now
I'm gonna open the door now why what's
going on look what I got today you guys
I got another box calendar but this time
it's Harry potter-themed
and I had to tear a bunch of pages off
to get to March 7th which is today but
anyway I'm going to go ahead and end
today's vlog if you guys enjoyed it
click that thumbs up button and let me
know in the comments what you guys think
of our new intro
they are updated littles I want to shout
out Bailey J she is amazing please go
check out her channel have a link below
in the description she drew and animated
all of our littles I did all the
photography and the concept behind it
but it just it's really cool because we
completely changed the way that the
characters animate so it's a lot easier
now
so each scene that the character has
we're actually going to give like 5 or 6
more that way um I can mix and match a
bunch and I can always just sort of mix
it up for you guys so I'm really really
excited about the new intro and all the
updated little people and you guys are
too let me know by clicking that thumbs
up button but anyway I'm going to go
ahead and end today's vlog hope you
enjoyed it
yes my cabinet
good
whatever
don't feel very you're ready incredible
thank you
