but this is my bed and if you can see
right here this is blood and I'm gonna
be honest at first I did slightly panic
Coffee is a-brewin good morning guys we
got coffee brewing and now I'm getting a
pork roast and I'm gonna throw it in the
crock pot so that we can have pulled
pork sandwiches first I'm gonna drink
the coffee
it smells so good
excuse you I'm drinking the donut house
chocolate glazed donut coffee it's
amazing
seriously I just put a little bit of
cream in it and I'm good to go oh my go
pee gopher gopher gopher gopher Gover
Toby so today was a really exciting
morning because our pregnancy
announcement went up and I'm just so
happy but I can finally talk about it
and express my feelings about it and
that you guys can be excited about it
karma what Karma's nudging me he's like
I'd like to eat breakfast - okay come
here
oh there you go yeah it's just cool
because it was difficult it's difficult
to hide that sort of thing and I know a
lot of people probably thought we were
acting funny or something was off I know
people did pick up on it they're
actually things like where I would say
in the vlog and she'd be like Brian they
don't know I'm pregnant I'll be like
crap good I'd have to like delete it or
cut it up but now you guys know so I
have to take all that crap out having
another kid and being pregnant and
expecting something like this is just a
huge life changer and I'm excited I love
life changers I love when life just
kicks you in the butt good morning guys
I woke up in a awesome mood and I
actually woke up to thousands of awesome
comments and tweets and it was just an
awesome morning now that you guys know
that I'm pregnant did you know that I'm
pregnant if you didn't know I'm pregnant
you should go watch yesterday's vlog
yeah I've been up I actually took Holly
to swim and I woke up also to this which
I was pretty freaked out and bombed at
the exact same time but this is my bed
and if you can see right here this is
blood and I'm gonna be honest at first I
did slightly panic because I was like
what the heck why is there blood on my
bed but I don't know if you guys can
kinda tell this looks like a paw I
actually remembered yesterday when we
took karma on a walk he stepped through
glass and we didn't we hadn't noticed
that there was glass until after he
stepped in but I thought it was fine and
he's been fine all day and old all night
and stuff but he must have picked at it
last night while he was sleeping
penny got blood on my bed so that is a
major bummer all right you guys
your face tagging with the scure moons
and look what J just came in with this
big ol hammer that's not intimidating at
all oh yeah I can't find the biggest
hammer in the house sometimes that's
just what you had to do you got to use
the biggest hammer you can find right
apparently I pronounced it wrong are you
guys completely offended by me now I
call this a Scheuermann all hahaha well
we have Sherman's in our family so I
think that's where it came out but you
guys I'm chatting with the Sherman's if
you don't know what they are they're
really another awesome vlogging family
they have two kids look at this girl
right now can you say hi oh she's a
little shocked she's wearing these full
like this full pearl net you look at me
you look so cute I will have a link
below for you guys to check them out
because I just I love finding families
on YouTube that vlog because we all have
something that's really unique to us and
I think it's cool for our viewers
because you guys don't get to just see
us but you get to see like what our
friends in Utah are doing or how our
friends in Florida live or and now how
you know the Sherman's live because I
think that's a really good thing is like
fam we're all family but we're all
different you know we all have things
that make us unique totally exactly he
said everyone's lying yeah totally so go
check them out you guys I'll have a link
below in the description and subscribe
to them give them some love oh my gosh I
have not had a minute to think today I
basically woke up and like ran out of
the house and took in the swim which he
did great at so and I did have to get in
with him but he did really good and then
we actually jumped on a FaceTime call
with Sam and Jay and we talked with them
for a while and then my friends headed
over like right now she just had to run
back to her house to get something kinda
have to film a video have not had a
chance even to eat and so I'm actually I
put some toasts in because I'm pretty
hungry right now I'm actually quite
nauseous so I need to eat something
ASAP because I'm going to die after my
video I can relax
actually now I had to edit I'm dead
after I do that so yeah I'll he's eaten
you eaten did you have a nice nap I
don't know if you guys know this but I
always have to take his pants off when
he eats because says he wipes his hands
on his
pants and you get some filthy after he's
done eating and so I just now take his
pants off and for anyone wondering how
hashtag Bruce norbit's doing he's doing
great
what could I'm swimming around I am just
as surprised as you guys that he is
still alive
hey where'd you go he's camera-shy we
can't have anyone camera shy in this
household hey guys so today I'm here
with my friend Jillian and we are going
to be making a homemade baby product and
I have her here today because we are
going to be including doTERRA essential
oils in our product Jillian had a little
extra one of these toy phones in her car
and all he was looking at it so she gave
it to him you got a little phone now he
loves phones he loves putting them to
his ear just like that like excuse me
I'm on a very important phone call right
now uh-huh
seriously never seen anything like that
before in your life
that is adorable I just pulled my pulled
pork out of the crock-pot and so I
transferred over to this bowl and I'm
just pulling it Jack Daniels sauce this
is so good much better than I think then
that bourbon sauce I got um the first
time I did it I really really like this
sauce and there's pork cuz it's easy and
it's like just the right amount so I got
that all up but now I'm gonna make some
sandwiches Ali Ali Ali Ali I I judged
you
oh I bet always excited to have another
little brother or sister that I can pick
on ha so it's not just you you like
being picked on up you're gonna be a big
brother Olly Olly tell me tell me
truthfully are you excited to be a big
brother again Gardner are you excited
yeah yeah he doesn't know I do you want
to have a baby a baby brother or a baby
sister hmm
baby brother a baby sister answer the
question do you want a little baby
brother or baby sister all right you can
go now he's really into frozen Missy is
putting a pregnancy update on her
channel so go check it out is it funny I
think so you always do funny things when
you edit so go check it out I'll have a
link below description what are you
doing back there buddy what are you
doing what are you doing okay all right
you turn me into a chair I am headed to
the Apple store my favorite store in all
the land no but I actually wanted to
pick up an airport Express or maybe a
couple of them because I hear they're
really good when you pair it with the
kind of router we have the airport
extreme to extend and make your Wi-Fi
network stronger because we've been
having some problems the Apple TV like
buffering and I don't know why cuz our
internet is like really really good it's
like 60 up and and 60 down shouldn't be
anything with the internet speed so I'm
gonna pick those up cuz I've been
wanting to see if they actually work and
then I think I'm gonna pick up some
burritos for Missy and I because I've
been craving them and she's craving them
she actually suggested it you guys she
suggested it so now I'm trying to figure
out how to get this bloody stain out of
my sheet and I kinda I here it is I
scrubbed it with cold water and a tiny
bit of soap I'm hoping that the washing
machine will be able to get the rest of
it out with a little bit of bleach
I know blood can be a little bit tricky
to get out stinking karma I'm just
kidding are your feet okay
I haven't seen any blood I tried to look
at him earlier and he seems to be fine
he doesn't want me to touch his Podge so
hopefully it's okay but yeah I just
gonna wash these sheets right now all
right I set up the airport Express out
here so maybe now in the living room we
can get a little bit better signal and
actually we have a movie on right now
101 dalmations
the old classic one the beast and
apparently they don't feel they don't
have it on iTunes it's so weird oh yeah
I saw 101 Dalmatians and I've watched
that like so many times when I was a kid
and I put on the trailer and all he said
doing the whole thing with woof woof I
was like bye woof woof so Ollie we're
watching the dog movie huh he's a bit
preoccupied right now by his quesadilla
got burritos from Freebirds tonight so
I'm pretty stoked about that but I'm
gonna go ahead and end today's vlog
again I just want to thank you guys so
much for all the love and support we're
excited that you guys are excited that
there is a baby in that belly that one
right there tribe Tyler represent
something to end today's vlog if you
guys enjoyed it click the thumbs up
button and we will see you tomorrow I'm
gonna go snack on my freedom you guys
want to try it
me
