okay say cat you try again big cat okay
oh it's too long now I already messed it
up so what do you do why bring it up my
crotch yeah good morning morning guys we
are ultimate are up and about up in the
belt all I just woke up from his nap and
he's eating some lunch and I have some
errands I have to run today and so does
my mom
so we're gonna go out together and get
some stuff done while Bryan get stuff
done here is not really like it when we
vlog it just freaks you out huh I got to
get my phone I've been homeless for like
ever and for like less than one day
nobody is ever it's almost been 24 hours
okay okay I'll give you that it's always
been 24 hours and in same thing as
forever it is it feels like forever no
it's actually really nice I I still have
ways to communicate it is weird like the
I I just went and drove and pick up
picked up my mom and I didn't bring a
phone I was literally like I hope I make
it there cuz it's like I guess Stralis
either like what would I do like I don't
have to walk to somewhere threat target
the usual no that's a favorite place um
and we're just grabbing a couple things
and always saying some words I'm gonna
see if he'll say them on the camera but
we like look like be just walking was
like say they say that and he'll say
certain words some something sounds
pretty good some of them he just kind of
like makes up a sound for it but it's
really cute so I'm gonna try and be
sneaky and film him do it he'll probably
just stop doing it
so they said something you want all the
dog toys huh
wanna shop okay you hold that oh my
goodness faith can you say bulb yeah can
you say bird
good job okay say dougie dougie case a
cat mmm try again
say cat today seriously
um can you say bread oh good can you say
um duck good job
how about cookie please what what do you
want what do you think this ting face
war so buddy good job on your words good
day to you all
how is it going day my main project that
I need to get done today is I need to
transfer all of the photos from my
macbook pro and also my Drobo which has
just been sitting under my desk pretty
much out of commission all on to my iMac
we have a lot of really old but awesome
photos on the Drobo of like when Oliver
was born his first photo shoot
Missy's maternity shoot and I want to
put it all on one computer my iMac coz
Apple's going to be releasing their new
Photos app which is basically going to
have all your photos and it's going to
sync them across all your devices sort
of be really nice if I can do that and
then what if I'm on the MacBook Pro I
could if I'm looking for a photo I can
just look um and just download the one
that I need at that time so we are a
small young family but we have a lot of
photos
um so I think this is like there's 120
gigabytes on the MacBook Pro which is
nice cuz that'll free up a lot of
storage on there
come on Ironman don't let me down
seriously two days that ain't cool hi
guys I just dropped off my mom because
um we've got a ton of stuff done and
guess what I got my phone back I'm so
excited to have this back and look at
that family they're so cute I'm headed
home to meet Bryan and then we're gonna
go to the dog park is karma really nice
to run and and have some fun it's my
beautiful wife she just picked me up oh
there's something major on the lens
there oh I got it I don't know what it
was a mine no it's mine some money ah
but we got karma in the back karma hey
you excited where I taking him to the
park real fast they're all going crazy
now so there's that are you excited
karma are you excited
Oh gotcha gotcha gotcha gotcha hey it's
a little crazy sometimes okay oh oh look
who it is
this coat I'm Cassie I'm out of breath
with a Randy did you really what's up
buddy what's up boy this is this is oh
oh now he's going around there so that's
great now I'm completely tied up karma
come on come on you want to hydrate no
he's like I can't even contain myself
and there he goes
oh look at you you got two different
colored eyes don't you I just love I
figured out why I love bowling here Oh
why he has a homework down Oh shadow
he's like the best dog ever I don't know
why he was named shadow he was I want to
worry about a couple days go with Missy
and I I basically cries she cries like
the whole way
so did you Missy sad heartbreaking and
amazing we phase out we have so many
issues with our animals can't leave them
for too long it'll be sad no understand
basically humans they like quite
communicate with us but they have true
feelings gotcha
okay alright you should watch it should
we let Oliver down the road around with
them uh I got a little nervous once I
like get to know the dogs on all of them
Oh once you get to know them like if
your favorite color is and you know
where they go to school know like oh my
dogs fine yeah
hey puppy hey oh hi hi puppy look at
those eyes isn't this an awesome park
though it's got like a really nice park
area and then a huge grassy area over
here which not why are none of the dogs
in the grass oh they're all by the
humans that's funny
Harmon coat are so different because
Koda just wants to like talk to all the
dogs and karma just want to play with
ball like really different like
personality and we never have to bring a
ball here cuz there's always just balls
lying around summary you got a ball you
got a ball I'll pick up the ball pick it
up OOP there you go
will you throw it for the doggies threw
it
so close he's got his arm cocked there
we go he just threw it for himself
basically careful careful oli is a
perfect licking level for these dogs
yeah throw it you guys throughout far
Parma pick it up oh shut up
can you throw for karma oh that was a
good throw that was a good throw
he's had enough Karma's like can you
give me a real throw around here please
be karma bring it back you give the ball
to karma volley
ba throw it throw for Kota or karma do
it does ba this is bad
you can't run away from us buddy
all right here you go there's kotas
leash okay don't throw the ball you take
him for a walk take him for a walk
yeah who's walking who at this point you
think I'm here goda hey c'mere co-direct
um Kona come from one time my aunt was
in town in Idaho she was walking the dog
and the dog ran and it was one of those
leashes that are extractable like they
come out you know and the dog ran and
she didn't know it and it ran so fast
that she had to let go my sister was
standing in between the dog and the and
my aunt and the leash like the hard part
wrapped all the way around my sister's
neck and like choked her and then she
fell over I flew into the air we went to
the area and we had a full-on burn oh my
gosh
neck forever like we it took it took
yeah it's a long had a scar across my
neck so she's yours really easily like
my aunt cried she felt so we bring it up
too soon isn't like it shut like a
horrible it's just like watching her
food i buy her neck Oh
oh that hurts right ah okay now you're
just okay no I had a good for the blink
yard we'll watch some TV
okay oh my god there's a puppy you go
with my head of robot doggie there's a
doggie on the TV can you give your baby
butter just gonna kiss you know your
baby brother or sister is you know where
they are right here
sure yeah hey can you give them a kid
great I like that yeah moment I can pick
from their baby sis great that nice baby
okay clean up a little bit yeah ten time
for nine okay okay we got this for Cara
he's like no it's mine that's your ball
now you looking at the fishy ollie yeah
if you do just a little bit I can't skip
about if it is too much okay good job no
more that's all he gets
it's like Thanksgiving for the fish and
that's all there was today guys I'm
gonna go ahead and the vlog if you
didn't see Missy put up and ask Missy on
her channel she asked a bunch of
questions that she's been getting a lot
regarding the pregnancy so if you guys
want to check that out I'll have a link
to know in the description thank you
guys for watching today's vlog give it a
thumbs up and we'll see you tomorrow
this is home just
are you talk
I am home
