big money roll over
yeah it's a 60 degrees in here so I'm
turning on the heater cuz 60 degrees in
here good morning guys
Missy did you know it's 60 degrees in
this house yeah that's crazy this
morning we are making breakfast
Missy made me french toast ooh hey buddy
you took your slippers off you didn't
like your slippers
Oh his feet were freezing so I put on
his slippers and he apparently didn't
like come on while I was eating did you
oh mama made you breakfast I look so
good huh yeah you got breakfast too
oh you got french toast and cottage
cheese and peaches
mmm yeah mama made that for you she's so
nice huh good morning buddy
he brought his blocks over tooks he's
like I want to play blocks but these are
like the most annoying things in the
world because all he does is make a huge
mess he doesn't really play with them
per se just do that morning guys
oh man this morning has been a little
bit interesting I woke up with so much
expectation and so many plans I had I
was going to be filming a video today
with my friend and helping my sister
pick out her senior portrait outfit and
all that and I even made breakfast for
the family after kicking about stairs to
get ready no eye makeup done that's
pretty good I quickly realized I had a
bladder infection and I basically like
all everything that I was doing is
stopped right there and I've been in the
bathtub and trying to like get rid of
this infection it is this is something
that like it's kind of runs in my family
we get it every once in a while me it's
not like it only runs in the family
people get all the time but I'm in like
excruciating
Payne and I've just now been able to I
took like some medicine and I've been
able to relieve some pain so that is
nice I was able to actually down the tub
and like vlog I think I'm at a place
where I can actually move and not be in
tears because I was and I was liking it
so much pain I thought I was gonna like
throw up I thought I was like gonna cry
it was really really bad but I'm feeling
a lot better so hopefully I can keep up
with my medicine and not let it come
back but gosh I don't know if that's TMI
or anything but yeah not not fun I hate
that like I hate making plans and having
to cancel it it's not something that I
do like if I make plans I'm there on
time like there's nothing that's going
to come in to me or come in the way so I
wasn't pretty bummed when I had to
cancel my plans I don't know if Connor
will do it again but always just weren't
pounded and so we went to karma to give
him a pound it and karma did it let's
see if he'll do it pound it pound it
yeah Oh careful you gotta be gentler
okay say pound it pound it oh he's a
little rough it's a little rough guys
but golly loves it he's such a good dog
huh
actually you guys don't know a lot of
the tricks that he knows come here karma
whoa focus all right come here ki sit
lay down roll over yeah good job how
about how about this sit sit bang you're
dead do you remember that one Bing Bing
Bing roll over roll over funny
lay down roll over his food roll over he
can't oh good job karma is so silly I'm
making Ollie some lunch he's having some
chicken and a little zucchini muffin
yeah that's right yummy he's ready to
eat and then I grabbed this yesterday at
the store and I normally would obviously
want to make him his own green smoothies
you know from scratch but I thought this
was kind of cool it's an all-natural
just add juice mango agogo so it's not a
green smoothie and Bryan used to drink
these all the time and I didn't really
have the time to like go and buy all the
ingredients for green smoothies I
basically just grabbed this and thought
well let's see if he likes it and it's
got like some different fruits and stuff
and you just add like some juice and
you're good to go so I'm gonna add I'm
gonna make that for him I actually added
some of this mighty mango Naked fruit
juice I think it's got carrots
it's a oranges apples bananas and a hint
of lemon cool thing about this packet I
will say is it kind of makes like the
perfect amount for Oliver but I did add
a few other things so it probably is
going to be a little bit more than just
what Oliver will drink all right what do
you think you got to put your cell phone
down maybe well that's one way to do it
all right what do you think you like it
a pantless little boy just walked into
my office we got to put some shorts on
UK buddy
he's like hey I really have no wearing
any pants you put your left foot hand
good job you put your right foot hey Wow
hang on I gotta put I got a button um
now okay now you're wearing shorts oh I
am working in my office
editing a very cool video for you guys
and Ollie has found my Chuck do we draw
daddy a picture can you do a circle
daddy can barely do a circle look he's
trying he tried
I moved out of the house my meds kicked
in
and I'm feeling slightly better I
actually was able to still help Cassie
pick out her outfit for Singapore jets
okay um they're actually due tomorrow
naturally they're due Thursday I thought
they were due tomorrow oh that's good
good okay so I thought they were due
tomorrow and I was like we gotta get
this going so we're actually headed to
her senior portraits like the photo
session right now with Emily who you
guys know she did Brian's music video
and all that pretty much Chester for
like all of our photo sessions so oh
good and lots of traffic we're never
gonna get there sorry Cassie yep yep all
right cause he's doing her senior
portraits I'm vlogging we've got the
golden light right now it is actually
kind of going down fast but Cassie looks
super super cute she's got a black
jacket a jean jacket a scarf a white
shirt jeans and my cute boots I love
those boots we'll kind of slowly take
off some clothes daisies will stay over
here remember she look very professional
oh those are good already it's doing
well I can only say anything worse than
that
Holly has been crazy about this ball oh
we left it at Emily's oh that's so funny
oh you got your ball back ah we play
this it's called baby fetch you wanna go
get it go get it go ahead run so funny
dr. uh-huh
did you want to get in
go ahead
see you can do it he's all ready for a
ride baby why are you laughing because
the fact that you put your phone in the
case after the accident let's see the
phone let's see it just a little where
is it oh I see it
and then it comes down to here you're
getting her pictures done the ground is
like kind of rocky and I have my phone
in my pocket and it fell out and the way
it fell was just like straight like this
so I was telling Brian that it wouldn't
matter if I had had a case on it and
what a proportioned it to turn no it
meant it straight like this and so the
rock just like poked it right there and
got it good and I was like oh I actually
said that word and Daisy was right there
I was like I'm sorry I'm rather than a
bad word but what was Emily I'm sure
she's good I know she didn't even care
but I still felt back
it's where he's been seen let it go
today it's actually been really sneaky
cute but I'm disposable dinner out of
the oven we're gonna have some roasted
green beans and chicken with General
Tso's sauce and rice
I don't think I've ever seen him that
into it before that's adorable
Polly ate his entire dinner good job
buddy
all while watching frozen as I just put
Ollie to bed and it was the cutest thing
ever because karma was downstairs
barking karma every time karma Bart all
he literally would go woof he knows that
word woof now they go woof woof I'm like
a leash h-he just like love hearing you
bark karma you're not hearing you bark
Oh
Karma's here to lover trying to not be
in so much pain so I can go to the
kitchen well anyway I hope you guys
enjoy today's vlog click thumbs up to
make Missy feel better right
thumbs up will help you miss you feel
better thank you guys for watching and
we will sheetmetal fire say bye come
come say bye
tell you
it's like yeah we're
as you peel
it's a hipster home he's got a nice boat
good I see you buddy
