Missy these are so cool can we get the
hipster one come on look at this rain
pour down outside you guys crazy
oh my gosh it's seriously like pouring
good morning guys how's it going
I'm up and I'm ready and I'm actually
getting the camera all set up because
I'm going to do some filming today I'm
gonna fill my cambodia hall so hopefully
that's on my channel today for you guys
if it is i'll have a link below but i'm
really excited just to show off all the
cool little things I got in Cambodia cuz
I actually acquired a lot of really cool
stuff oh and what else my baby she
arrived today yay if you guys don't know
I accidentally left my laptop at the
hotel Missy nice data after we left LAX
and we did not want to drive back cuz
during traffic it takes forever to get
there so we had them overnight it and it
came today which is nice because I
actually have like 7 hours of additional
Cambodia for the German computer that I
want to make a really nice video with so
hopefully I can actually start working
on that now but I was scared because I
was I had like the FedEx notifications
like coming to my phone and it said that
they tried to deliver it but we weren't
here and so they were scheduling it for
tomorrow and I was like ah that ain't
happening we were here I was sitting by
the door the entire time so we called
them and they got ahold of the driver to
come back around cuz you know that's
what they do they go stock and then
they're like I don't wanna get out of
the car public cuz it's raining and so
they don't want to deliver it but we
made them come back and I got my
computer update on my jet lag I don't
even know if this is jet lag anymore but
I
they slept at all last night probably
got like two hours of sleep my brain was
just going crazy and I was tossing and
turning I don't know what happened I
just like I couldn't get comfortable but
I'm up today I'm up and we have a lot to
do I've just been getting caught up on a
lot of work like answering emails making
phone calls and stuff like that so it's
nice to be back to like the normal grind
the normal grind grind coffee are you
helping mommy Olli is he helping yeah
boy pretending to help Holly you look so
cute
check out this new shirt we got some
slight box - it says mom is my agent
that's true mom is your agent huh
everyone's always like he's so cute you
need to get him an AJ I'm like he has
one okay yeah we're doing this new team
or we have to wait a little bit longer
for his first nap so it kind of means
that he's involved in involved in the
household duties - olden only be up for
like two hours and then take a nap yeah
yeah a half hours so sweep the floor
yeah oh there we go hey I'm gonna show
you this video when you're 16 and refuse
to do chores look at he's whining for
the broom right now sweep it in Holly
you're gonna put an eye out with that
bro all right I got Olly to sleep for
his first snap of the day and now I'm
actually gonna finish up some cleaning
that I didn't get done while he was
awake so just needed like dust some
stuff and clean off the counters and the
mirrors and all that she's getting I
already actually swept and vacuumed so
cleaning day is been very successful and
Bryan's actually been getting a lot of
stuff done - as far as like work he's
been answering emails and phone calls
and all of that karma what have you been
doing you've been keeping busy yeah it's
like let me up your mom jeez I don't
want to be down here
let's go clean okay
let's go clean up let's go look at those
boys back there I've been very
productive cleaned up my whole house
okay and now I actually headed into
Hobby Lobby because we need to look just
some stuff to like cover up some spots
on our walls that have kind of been
bugging me yeah we've been productive um
brain
sounds like Hobby Lobby yeah we're
finding such cool stuff
look at this big L we found we're
collecting letters
well not letters we're collecting else
to do something with I know this one was
only 15 bucks though so lots of room to
decorate yeah I think we found a cool
solution for the side of the TV which
Missy will probably show you but look
what I just ran into
it's like gnome central Missy look at
this gnome
it's a hipster gnome he's got an iPhone
you want to see it buddy look at that
he's been looking for a fun toy he's got
a nose yeah that's his nose oh my gosh
look at Elvis one a biker one Missy
these are so cool can we get the hipster
one come on we need a garden to put it
in distraction that is the key to
parenting can you get oh
again all right we just got back from
the grocery store so I'm puttin
groceries away and Ollie is being put to
bed it is time for sleep he's really
fighting it too for some reason she's
reading him the daddy and I bug
you guys are cute
what are you doing YouTube eatin her
apple chips wearing my robe she bought
me that robe and then she stole it from
me you guys that's how she does it I'm
listening what he's hot I don't need to
ask for a robe it's my robe you want to
give me the robe right now are you naked
underneath anyway I'm not no I'm gonna
go ahead and call it a vlog we had yeah
it's okay okay we had a really
productive day didn't we didn't we you
didn't come with us though no you didn't
it's time for you to get a haircut huh
he's got an appointment your hair is
going everywhere your hair is going I
don't get my hair all over here that's
just not cool but anyway yeah go ahead
taste blog we had a super productive day
and maybe tomorrow we'll put up some of
the cool things that we got at Hobby
Lobby and make it look all cool in here
what do you say huh that cool doing so
serious well that's a serious come on
come on why not all right give the vlog
a thumbs up if you guys enjoyed it and
we will see you guys tomorrow
I'm home
and that's where
yeah wherever your way
