good morning Brian up Shh hey loud too
bright why does a bride attend the
lights on the vlog that's what you have
to do as I've already to turn the lights
back on even if you want to relax look
at him he's like it's time to get done
confronting guys Brian is apparently
dealing with jet lag I don't know he's
very very exhausted today he's been
sleeping a lot for the past couple days
it's not hoping today he'd be back
tomorrow because we've had a go grocery
shopping and like we gotta do stuff but
Brian just wants one more day to relax I
guess Brian I don't know if I'm gonna
give it to him today but all I relax a
little bit longer I'm not getting
dressed he says he's not getting just
today oh he's not leaving the house
we'll see if that actually happened I'm
just getting started with my day we did
kind of relax and like take a nap and
always been talking to Brian all day
just telling him everything that he's
been doing for the past week and
everything he's been learning pretty
cute did you miss him
I know it just he just flips it off what
are their names
Oh dozen Agnetha I just want to sleep
all day but apparently that's too much
to ask probably should not be sleeping
all day who's retired the jet-like just
like hit me today I don't know why or
how or what sparked it but it did I'm
standing in my very messy office that I
need to clean and put everything back
together basically whenever I go on a
trip I take everything and so I unplug
everything and everything sort of has a
place in my office and it's all messed
up I got lots of really cool stuff from
Cambodia sums over there over there and
I think I'm gonna be doing a Cambodia
haul or like my trip haul just to show
you guys everything that I got from
Cambodia on my channel and I'm actually
going to be doing like a really cool
through my eyes style video cuz I
actually shot a lot while I was in
Cambodia that I didn't put on the daily
vlogs by beautiful hey thanks for
getting that I think I'm gonna do I'm
gonna show like all the really cool
b-roll that I shot and show and do like
voiceover of my trip and just to talk
about like what I did basically through
the whole trip and sort of how it
changed my views on a lot of things and
a lot of things that I saw look at this
hat we got ollie
he won't wear it though for about two
seconds oh you have it too big a little
too big it lasted about five minutes
which is pretty long but you look so
cool
why can't you wear this forever Ollie no
and we're not to do your hair maybe you
forgot oh wait no that's why I wear hats
I want to do my hair so I put on a hat
oh yeah I'll probably have that video up
on my channel soon the thing is is I
don't have my computer we left the hotel
we got home and realized that we did not
have my computer and I panicked because
I literally have like seven hours of
footage unseen Cambodia footage on my
computer right now and I don't have it
so we called the hotel and it turns out
we left it there so they're going to try
and
overnight it to us we can like track in
everything but I don't think I'll have
it to like next week probably to like
Monday or Tuesday is it saturday already
that's kind of set but it's a good thing
we had your computer and it was all set
up to like edit we had my computer that
was set up to edit we would have been
driven yeah for our trip again yeah it
would have not been fun all right Holly
let's go get some food we got no
groceries so we're gonna grab something
to eat okay all right what was like
burgers I've dragged Brian out of the
house I win I was just so hungry and we
don't really have a lot of food options
at the house right now we need to go
grocery shopping and so I was like it
was like you should just go get some
food and bring it back I'm like no I
don't want it so we're going to get food
and the toilet I will go if the rest of
the day let me lay around and catch up
so I agree I said fine go to lunch with
me and then I'll probably even go
grocery shopping because we need that
would be generated like that Red Robin
lemon YUM look at all this real I have
that doesn't make any sense when you say
real it's Cambodia its REI L oh there's
their Cambodia money you know mm-hmm and
this is literally like nothing well this
right here this is um this is like 75
cents and this is like 10 cents well I
have no coins so whenever you pay in
like American money never change back
they have to give you bills but it's
funny cause in Cambodia their money
isn't recognized by like the national
currency Association
so they actually rely on American
dollars alone now if they're like
dealing inside yeah so if you took that
to the currency exchange whatever they
would me they would give me American
money oh okay
well only not for coins they don't have
American points yeah yeah but like it's
it was just funny because like you can
use American money
wearing Cambodia yeah
Oh
QR we got him all wet on accident I was
getting a little drink of water with a
straw and then he likes me way to go for
him so he's soaking wet and are you
hungry that is even a question right all
right
so weirdest weather is happening it's
kind of like a halo I kind of sound like
like a Brady slash which source pulses
um yeah we left the house it really
wasn't that cold and now it's like
freezing and it's raining so we're like
rock because I see this there's like
blue skies of it there yeah can it not
it's a little summertime okay I was like
in Norton thank you today Oh flash knows
but oh well you want some bunny ears
look at these little brawny so cute he's
like I want that ball you have this the
ball he's just like little balls right
there's no cute bunny
I love them they're so cute all right so
we got that ball from Target and Ollie
loves it when he has something that
karma wants I don't get it ah don't dig
it always run run hey oh hey ollie we
can go see nigga see me a pop oh yeah
let's go you gotta wait you got enough
on the door t neck neck neck
we raise but you're gonna go right to
the cabinet she order much a new stuff
for you yeah Buffy so I came all the way
to my mom's because I've been borrowing
her mop lately this is it and it is
pretty much awesome I need I've been
mean to like go down and buy one for
myself but they don't have one in the
area right now
so something far away but I just need to
go down and do it but my house just
needs to be mobbed so badly and so I
have to come here and get it so it's
called the Bissell right mom yeah fresh
the bissell steam press my mom loves it
you're obsessed with it so I just came
gonna figure that go get back so I can
eat dinner with Bryan you wanna go eat
dinner with dad
I am starting to cook dinner and we're
gonna do something just really simple
tonight we're gonna make pasta and then
I'm grilling up some chicken on the
stove and Missy and Ali are back I'm
gonna play with some blocks and Karma's
here what do you build in Ollie
yeah what are you building here stack
one on now the deck doesn't go on it
good job there you go yeah push it down
I know you got a weird one okay it's so
cute because he is starting to like
staff like that more I might know
they're not burnt gay sent out the bunch
Holly goes crazy over this pasta you
guys eaten loves it do you love the
pasta that daddy made yeah that's my
food he actually does it yeah he loves
these chicken meatballs that's like one
of the only ways we can really get him
to eat chicken dinner turned out good
though I did it ruin the chicken is like
super moist yeah
it's always a good night when I don't
ruin the chicken he said your name today
he was in the car and he's like mom mom
and I said yes but I don't think he
heard me
and so he started saying it like mom
like yeah oh yeah yeah yeah all right
guys oli is asleep and Missy and I are
just gonna wrap up the night and head to
bed and hopefully I can sleep off this
jetlag because it's been crazy today but
I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog if
you did give it a thumbs up I wanted to
send everyone a very big heart felt
thank you for all the response on
yesterday's video it's kind of just
something that I've been needing to say
for a while so I appreciate it we will
see you guys manana which means tomorrow
for all of you people who aren't as cool
as me to speak espanol good bye
I am home
that's where I wanna be yeah wherever
your win
