two-person tub right there oh yeah just
a tip when you use jets and bubble baths
there gets lots of bubbles click files
oh yeah
good morning guys morning i'm reunited
with Missy um had a surprise from
yesterday she took me to this really
awesome place and it's actually right on
the water
we have boats people are paddleboarding
out there smells like the ocean and the
melody look at him juice oh my god
that's like a dolphin what is it that's
probably a seal what's a seal see what
is that maybe it's a mermaid babe oh god
I feel like I feel like dolphin don't
baby dolphins don't hang out like that
dolphins usually hang out with a bunch
of other dolphins but maybe got lost and
stuck in the marina anyway it's really
beautiful out here yeah smells I just
really wanted to take him somewhere well
first of all he got in so late that it
would have been like a three-hour drive
except traffic like it'd be nicest to
like go and relax he's like sleep off
his jet lag we can like reconnect and
hang out and that's pretty much what we
did of course I was so nervous that he
wasn't gonna like it because well we
haven't seen Olly
he hasn't seen LA yet I seen Ollie and I
haven't been home but I'm not I'm really
easygoing so it's not too big of a deal
but like I wouldn't have liked this I
would've been like take me out ha ha ha
but the room is really really cool yeah
and it's like very beach ocean themed
we've been enjoying ourselves in a tub
two-person tub right there oh yeah just
a tip when you use jets and bubble bath
there gets lots of bubbles click files
oh yeah so now I think we're gonna go
try and get the bikes because they
provide bikes here and we're gonna go
for a little bike right
there's a boat parking lot that is the
marina Port Royal arena look at you on
this you look so cute
I wrote a Viking forever I know same
here actually
definitely yeah right away I know even
give you a little basket we are now at
Redondo pier and boardwalk we're gonna
go this way babe that's parking garage
we're trying to find the beach but I'm
not sure for fun but this is the pier
that boats got a lady hanging from do
you see it skull where's the skull oh
and a cannon where they filmed part of
towards the Caribbean oh yeah that's
right I don't know if it's like in this
exact area oh yeah I know some are run
yeah they have like little cannons on
there too
cool little Pierre here you want to go
on the pier okay
you crazy pigeon you crazy can't catch
him babe you want to pet him you don't
want to pet him not eat contaminated
fish ooh maybe the fish aren't good to
eat out here Danny in the fish I
wouldn't just see like not those fish
yeah huge Pelican dozen one thing in my
daily cooler that is pretty blue the
brown in the black
the four huge ones right here babe I
want to pet it I'm putting it here
petting it Nayla Pele's but
oh hey those are shrimp yeah look at the
shrimp I know
that is overcrowding like hey Phil shave
me yeah look at that lobster tail
that is a lot of crabs
yeah you don't wanna watch that baby to
work he goes I drove all the way up LA
just for him you actually had no idea
was coming here actually and we didn't
like really talked about it and so and I
didn't just say like hey I'm going to
the airport he texted me he's like hey
are you home and get ready to land soon
I was like no I'm here
I needed the update they took him two
hours after he landed to actually get
out and solve like where the heck are
you again knowing they can't go through
Customs and Border Patrol and like
everything else so definitely was long
but anyways we are headed home or good
right you see up baby bend the car
forever and I just can't wait to see all
I miss him and I feel bad cuz all right
I love you in a week
I'm not always going to be so excited to
see right and it was funny because
seriously oli has changed this week and
I don't know what it was exactly and
people have changed anyway or if you
change because Brian left and he like
only had me Olly has just learned so
much if they're really excited for them
to see each other Hey hi baby
pick it up that's here hi son like did
you leave didn't know you love cuz we
just watch videos of you all day
yeah we're asleep DJ I miss you daddy
well how can you scratch yourself what
did you miss daddy
hello mama - yes twice yeah you
following me me update on the butterfly
situation if you guys watched a few logs
back
I found a butterfly in my pool and I
scooped it out and I tried to like save
it and I was like oh my gosh it flew it
well last night my mom was here and she
found the butterfly and it was just
outside like was it just outside mom
yeah it was like on the ground
they found the butterfly outside was on
the ground yeah it was on the ground so
maybe I had missed it but here she is
and I'm calling it as she now because I
my mom sent me a picture of it and she
was like the butterfly is alive and it's
here but it's not doing so well I was
like it's alive but on my autocrat
autocorrect changed it to its Alice
Emeralds like wait her name's Alice did
your neighbor and so I was like no I met
Ally
okay her name's Alice she does fly
everyone smile she's actually flown
around the house right mom
yeah she's walked around the kitchen a
little bit yeah I know she looks like
she's dead right now but she I swear she
is it like she's she's alive
she was hugging me see she just hugged
me see she's hugging me right now she
says thank you for saving my life okay
give you again I'm gonna give you a get
gave you he said stop
I told say stop karma it stops on
Facebook today baby massage your fancy
phone oh hey your beds are falling oh
honey where are my pants oh I'm tired is
every poopy and peepee diaper bag
amazing I'm sorry go get a diaper you
get a diaper
I'll go get a diaper
bring it here bring it here ollie all
right we're gonna change your diaper now
all right guys I am back home and it
feels so good to be here with my family
in America it's funny the world
perspective you get when you travel out
of the country and do something like
that but yeah I had an amazing time in
Cambodia and I just wanted to encourage
you guys to check out water of life the
organization that I went out there to
help I'll have a link below in the
description so you guys can check them
out and you can uh you can support them
financially if you like you can pray for
them if you'd like you can just get up
updates on what they're doing if you'd
like I'll have all that linked below so
you can do that as far as me being home
I have some things that I need to talk
to you guys about we need to have a
little talk I've been going through
comments and wow a lot of you are being
really really rude to my wife which I do
not appreciate I'm saying that she's
lazy and she can't do things without her
mom and I know a lot of people are like
really annoyed by the fact that Missy
and I had a night away from all of her
and I don't know if we explained this
but my plane actually came in pretty
late and so we were at a time of high
traffic and it would have been a three
and a half hour drive home and not only
did I not want to do a three and a half
hour drive but Oliver Oliver would have
been asleep by the time I got home
anyway and I wouldn't even have been
able to see him until today I am really
proud of my wife and I'm really really
happy that she surprised me with a night
away with just her I think it was
amazing it's exactly what we needed as a
couple and I just want you guys to know
that we do what we do for us not for you
guys so I'm sorry if you guys felt that
it was wrong to leave Oliver and go do
that but we're gonna do that a lot
because we're a couple and we need to do
things like that and Oliver was
perfectly fine and I wouldn't have even
seen him until the next day I don't know
what is going on or why everyone is
saying like all these mean things about
Missy that are not even true and kind of
ridiculous and judgy but you guys should
probably know that Missy is going
through something right now and your
comments are making it even worse so you
need to be nice and if you're not nice
we're just going to get rid of you from
our comments section I'm not afraid to
say that
I think a good way to put it is that our
YouTube channel is like our little home
it's just a really amazing community and
it's done a lot of really good things if
someone came in your home and start
talking bad about you you'd ask them to
leave the comments section of our little
home is our forum it's our platform and
we just don't want people to use our
platform to spread negativity or to
start arguments with other commenters my
wife is a strong woman and she is an
amazing mother and she's a really great
wife and she's a loving person and the
things that you guys are saying are
unacceptable and I just wanted to remind
you again too that the more you comment
and say things about that and the more
you judge us for the things we do the
less that we're going to share with you
and I want this to be open and honest
and supportive the things I've been
seeing in the comments are just
ridiculous and I think it's really
important to also thank everyone who
leaves nice comments every single day
day after day it really does just put a
smile on our face and encourage us so
thank you everyone who leaves nice
positive comments being on YouTube opens
ourselves up to criticism and we receive
criticism day in and day out and we
actually handle it really really well
but when that criticism turns to just
nastiness then that's when it's time for
us to stand up for ourselves standing up
for ourselves is healthy and it's
something that we just have to do and I
know it can be tough sometimes listening
to us talk about mean comments and stuff
like that but sometimes we just have to
for our own sake so again thank you for
hearing me out on this little rant and
just know that we love and cherish you
guys but I just want to say that you
guys be nice to me see she's going
through something and I think that's
just a really great lesson is to always
be nice to people because you don't know
what people are going through you don't
know what's on their hearts you don't
know what's on their minds you don't
know what burden they have on their
shoulder that's really I think that's so
important nowadays things that you say
online or offline affect people but
anyway on that note after today's lesson
from mr. letting I'm gonna go ahead and
end today's vlog I'm really super happy
to be home click thumbs up if you are
too and leave a happy comment below
thank you
I'm home
milena me that's like a prayer
so every way
different country you know say that was
you look there
