Oh what is that what is that what are
you doing right now what is that is that
productive is that how you eat misty our
kid is crazy
day morning guys we're gonna go swim in
what are you guys we are actually headed
in to swim Ollie are you gonna swim
today we'll see huh I do have my
swimsuit on underneath but I'm hoping
that I won't have to get in with them
this week because you just eaten really
good last week but I did have to go in
but we did take a little bit of a later
class because I was so sick this morning
that I even ended up missing our meeting
in LA so I'm super bummed about it but
we rescheduled for next week so I feel a
little better just by next week Ollie is
doing great today and I didn't even have
to get in one Oh
one two three bubbles we're back to our
happy self and no more shadows for the
fishies say my fishies but are you two
so happy you just drew her favorite
product classes jumps here we go good
morning guys it is a beautiful day here
in sunny Southern California and guess
what I'm gonna jump in this pool I have
oh oh that feels great
I've been heating the pool for two days
just because the Sun hasn't been out
long enough to actually heat all this
water but it feels so good and I'm so
excited because I've been wanting to
jump in this pool for a long time now
you guys ready for this I'm gonna jump
I'm having a really good hair day too
I don't even care I don't even care you
guys I joined another planet
okay ready three
- getting nervous it might be ice-cold
at the bottom oh my gosh it feels
amazing holy cow I'm so excited it's
full time we good all I did great at
swim and not I'm actually headed into
route and the reason is because I have
not been able to eat much of anything
the past couple days like not like a
good meal and so I really need to find
something that I eat that can like go in
my belly and something that sounded good
was apple sauce and there apple sauce
here is really good it's like super
fresh apple sauce like nothing like
where I get I got the like a regular
grocery store so I'm going to try it and
see if I can eat it so nauseous right
now I actually like almost threw up
while driving so that was a fun my mom's
back there with Holly we're going to
keep we can find something for me to eat
got my own personal little waterfall I
didn't chase it though
that's good that's the only rule I heard
now the chase waterfalls alright so I
got me some apple sauce organic apple
sauce hopefully that sounds good
actually also got me some dried
pineapple the unsweetened kind where
they put sugar all over it's just
regular pineapple which we normally get
from nature box my always run out of it
and I always really liked it I really
needed some water and they sell box
water since box water is better so
how much I have all the flashes yeah so
it's an interesting I thought I'd try it
if I like it because I'm telling you I'm
very picky when it comes to water and so
if I don't like it I also got me a
Hawaiian young natural artesian water
they have all kinds of fancy water it
was very hard to kick egg wash her I had
to have a few more things to help with
my morning sickness I grabbed see Dan's
which sound like a natural way to like
relieve your nausea so it works like
acupuncture most like it kind of like
presses on parts of your wrist still out
I think I tried it with Oliver I don't
know we're helping and then Brittney no
actually if you get that I should get
ginger root key I never felt like it but
she does it with like honey and lemon
and hopefully I like it that would be
really cool if I could like step on 15
and
it'd be good I'll probably be bouncing
it in a lot of honey really I won't
really like it alright my mom made me
some ginger tea there is honey and lemon
in this right mom definitely has an
interesting smell really I really want
to like it
hmmm
smells like honey mostly I think I don't
like it nope you can't drink it no I
don't like it I'm sorry second at all
it's too good you think it needs
something does it need more honey tons
of honey let me add it has no flavor at
all she's such a baby
whatever ma'am it doesn't taste like
anything weird
it smells stronger than it tastes yeah
did you try it mom yeah it is it's sweet
house didn't honey maybe on a Ritz
cracker only diet and applesauce elbows
that's pretty sweet yeah okay try it
again here we go I just don't like it
you don't like Dee I told you it's not
gross I'm saying it's gross okay well
it's but you knew that it would make you
not nauseous could you hurt that I don't
know what is it what if it was fiction
it's not making me sick to drink it like
it doesn't make me want to throw up or
anything we tried to give alia popsicle
and of course you might hold the stick
so Mimi cut it up and then you basically
based a mess
good job buddy oh there we go good I
think you're supposed to pick this up
close okay your mom knows her way around
a child take the mess out from under
them before you start cleaning them
go home so you can do whatever you want
yeah Missy look what K Big Island
pineapple I'm kind of bummed that I win
some story yeah you tried the other ones
and those are better they're good
they're good substitute to get me
through the month wait for this so good
look at all he's already going through
you want to show him what we got okay we
got toasted cheddar sticks I kind of was
going through some like I want to get
some savory things this month because at
night I like to eat like chips and
Pringles and savory things you know so
these are a little better oh can you
show these off buddy Santa Fe corn
sticks Oh
oli look at lemon tea biscuits
Mimi gets those all the time and he
loves them whenever you got your own
really and then mango almond bite you
look really good you know some lemon tea
biscuits yeah say please yeah good job
now he loves the hose I think these are
really good for kids they're actually
nutritionist approved look at that yeah
no I mean yeah definitely everything
that you get from nature box is gonna be
like good and not necessarily bad your
baby yeah we get nature box every month
because we love it and if you guys want
to get free snacks from nature box too
click the link below in your scripture
and you'll get some free stuff sent to
your door just like that mmm all right
Ollie's a snacker so it's a good thing
that we get nature nature box cuz
they're good healthy snacks huh it's
like they do not go in the box dad we
gonna watch Ollie
yeah hey I just got up and we're gonna
watch that for a little bit and relax
just sit on the couch actually have my
sea dance on so I'm wondering if these
work I do feel pretty nauseous right now
but I hear you're kind of supposed to
use them before you feel nauseous and
that's like the way you get the best
result we're gonna watch up for the
first time I just put the movie or the
trailer on and he saw the doggy and he
laughs hysterically because the dog was
like talking and then he like said
squirrel and all I just thought that was
so funny start laughing I like Oh
I'll get it we've been really trying to
watch you know lots of different Disney
movies I'm super bummed that iTunes for
some reason doesn't have Lion King and
beating the Beast it was like my top
favorite Disney movie we have to have
all the classics of Disney like I am
huge Disney fan that's just what I grew
up on and so I'm like we have to have
all the Disney movies but apparently we
hit the bottom some other way because
get them on iTunes so so silly
also I do have to mention that sometimes
feeling like the symptoms of pregnancy
like nausea and stuff like that is
actually very reassuring especially for
someone who's gone through losses and
stuff I don't always necessarily like to
make my my symptoms go away because I
like that's this is the only way for me
to feel pregnant I'm very thankful for
it like I I don't want to necessarily
find the cure but it'd be nice if I knew
the cure and I could do it when I need
it kind of thing I really really like
knowing that I'm really sick because I
am pregnant and I have a baby inside me
and my body is just fighting hard and he
seems to be very into I think he wants
mama to stop talkin huh what's going on
I don't even know what's going on
because I'm not paying attention okay
you get me up to date and I'll stop
talking okay all right we are going
simple tonight with just some spaghetti
and we got Italian meatballs in their
baking what is that what is that what
are you doing right now what is that is
that productive is that how you eat
Missy our kid is crazy whoa hey twist it
up ah got me good
what are you doing were you gonna edit
the vlog for me okay you think it'd be
fun you don't know what you're doing
always stop always stop doing that I
always step up you're making karma bad
he's trying out my password now you want
to try that okay let's hit enter nope
that's not it
come on my little my little pumpkin
method a butternut squash you were the
size of a butternut squash once you know
that got a mama she's gonna get you
ready for bed I'm gonna go ahead and
today's vlog if you guys enjoyed it
click thumbs up be sure if you guys want
to get some free snacks from nature box
- click that link below in the
description and also if you haven't seen
Missy's new video show how that links
below I'm gonna try and have my Cambodia
video up on my channel next week just
because it's a pretty massive video to
edit and that'll just sort of be about
my reflection and some extra footage
that I got this is home
just
how do you talk
I could see it
I am
that's where I wanna be
yeah wherever your wish
