so I'm gonna tell you the story really
quick oh my god I'm gonna cry
good morning guys
take him wine in that's right we're
taking a early morning bath huh we got
home really late last night from
Disneyland and I just threw him right to
bed because he was tired and out and so
I'm like you need a basketball today I
am currently in Brian's robe actually
I'm freezing this morning and this thing
is so big and warm and comfy and I am
also downloading Brian's footage it is
like 9:00 in the morning and I'm still
downloading it it's taking quite a while
so I feel bad the vlogs have been late
the past couple days um but not really
our fault though I mean it's kind of
just the Internet lately it's just been
really really crappy
and he's in a country that obviously
doesn't have the best internet so it's
been really awesome that we've been like
able to get footage so hopefully we can
get this at least one more day but today
is the last day that I am on my own not
completely so I gotta start cleaning up
I've had my makeup just laying around I
gotta clean up today and get all pretty
because I get to see my husband tomorrow
and I'm so excited are you excited to
see Dada
you excited to see him yeah hi Dada Dada
Oliver James you barely took a nap today
at all all right all are you ready to go
get some lunch
we're gonna have a fun day today okay
although he has a doctor's appointment
Hey meeting your lunch
yummy huh all right me and I are headed
to his doctors appointment oh look who's
with me again anyways we headed to his
dogs by MIT he had an ear infection and
he's been taking antibiotics oh I just
want to get it checked to make sure it's
all cleared and gone which I think it is
we're just having a fun day just gonna
go enjoy this beautiful Southern
California weather
all right go ahead gonna press the
button right here push it good job yay
we finally made it into the doctors oh
this is a really far John Paul II look
lemis can get you mini drum sticks and
your tainment
if you don't have to plan to attend I
know
so girls that's always gonna be hard to
watch a kid play but they also need
better cancel we've been waiting in the
waiting room for a very long time I just
had a few issues but we're friendly in
here we just need to have literally just
need to stick the thing in the ear say
hey yeah it's all done then good leave
sounds great nope thought she can't say
mama is a tough when you leave the room
I know the only word he can say when you
walk away I know mama my mama he said
today and T or he said Deepthi I said
say auntie said dizzy huh and my sister
was super excited except I didn't get it
on film he does not like to talk on
camera ever so I can't seem to get words
out of him when he when I have the
camera out so I just had to hear all
these words but I can never capture it
for anyone all right
Mimi's and go bye bye I gotta go bye bye
don't say bye-bye to Mimi oh you beat up
last year later take my bye bye bye you
say bye bye Mimi thank y'all for sure
luck he says bye bye papa a lot in
Hanalei ki say bye bye papa bye papa but
that's me yeah
it was bad papa but he nest-egg call me
Papa now say bye-bye me me me me yeah he
always says bye-bye to Papa
but yes I'm quite here that means it
Papa you get out of my bed now say bye
bye Mimi writing to Papa
yeah my name is Papa and Papa can change
his name to me yeah there you go
goes like what are you leaving jeez yeah
yeah good
bye Papa give her one more hug hurry
he's like geez lady get out of here what
MA my house
ladies and gentlemen house is slightly
disaster I do have tons of laundry to
fold have it all clean and ready to go
by tonight because brian koz huh and
we're doing the happy dance cuz daddy
comes home huh yeah oh and by the way we
had an appointment and they checked his
ears and she said not quite a hundred
percent good but she's gonna let his
body try and heal the rest of the way
before we like put him on antibiotics
again and stuff so hopefully they heal
all the way pretty soon because I'd hate
to put it back on antibiotics and
medicine and all that oMG you guys this
is the saddest day of my life so I'm
gonna tell you the story really quick oh
my god I'm going to cry so there is this
butterfly that flies around our house
all the time it's big yellow and
absolutely beautiful
and I just went to turn the pool on to
fill it up all the way
and he's right now currently in there
trying to fly away like devastated right
now I mean that butterfly is so
beautiful huge I mean it's been a
butterfly like that one that's been
around since we moved in and I know it's
not the same butterfly but I like to
pretend that it's the same one because
since the day we moved in a big yellow
butterfly has just always flown around
our pool and I just thought it was so
cool I'm honestly going to try and get
it out of the pool right now
okay come on little guy oh okay okay
it's okay
he is like very delicate oh look at him
he's still alive come on buddy
almost certain that butterflies cannot
cannot fly after they get their wings
wet they have like a dusting on them
that if they get wet they won't be able
to fly come on little guy it's a
butterflied you see how pretty and not a
pretty butterfly hmm
I see you love I'd put them in there
while I deal with the butterfly I'm sure
a bunch of you guys are laughing at me
right now got it up here right now I'm
trying to dry off he's still plenty
alive and trying to flap those wings but
they're really heavy and I don't know if
he'll ever be able to do it all right
next one way to do this is I got to take
the trash out I've never done that
before because Brian always does it
himself but what I mean to take the
trash cans out to the street don't
actually take the trash out I've taken
the trash out but Brian always does this
because the guys job um and so I'm gonna
strip all in my back when we take the
trash out you ready okay yes mama helper
so update on my butterfly I saw it
flapping its wings I ran into the house
to get you guys and it's gone it's gone
I don't know where it slowly I saved the
bottom line was like oh I really want to
know well I looked all around the yard
with my flashlight to see if the
butterfly had just like maybe falling
onto the ground or anything and I think
it's gone I think it flew away I thought
flopping and it was definitely getting
ready to fly and we saved it oh I was
like googling how like save this
butterfly's life say hi Dada da Dada da
ah hi buddy I miss you I'm coming home
okay
he's getting some cake wait way to the
pool uh yeah it's just being really
crazy Tom can you say me me Emma yeah
did you hear it stay empty yeah
you here to aunty kissing screen you
want give it again ah give up kissing oh
hi bring the gun now okay mama
mmm good empty okay
good job see empty good job I'm really
curious to know whether we have footage
of Brian in this vlog because he told me
that he is now in an area that he really
isn't getting great I don't net and
actually this morning was really tough
to get that last footage and so if
there's no footage of Brian
don't fret we will be able to catch up
and get his footage in the next vlog by
the way I finally strained my hair I
have not had the time nor energy and
actually I haven't really had the
resources either because I actually let
Brian take the blow dryer cuz I thought
I don't use the blow dryer I usually
just let my hair like air dry but
apparently I do use the blow dryer
because every time I went to like
straighten my hair my hair was wet from
either the night before washing it or
the morning of washing it so I just kept
putting it like back and so finally I
strained it I feel so much better he is
in bed and I finally have the house
clean or at least cleaner dishes are
done living rooms clean toys are picked
up the one thing that
gonna be the destiny though laundry I
think that's about three loads of
laundry right there there's another end
of the dryer another one in the washer
uh I'm gonna be honest like that is
literally my killer
like I hate folding laundry but when I
do decide to do it like I do it so quick
I'm gonna go ahead and end the vlog
import this footage and wallet import
footage I'm gonna fold up laundry
hopefully um but I hope you guys enjoy
the vlog I'm pretty sure that it's gonna
be mostly me and Olly for this vlog so
you know hopefully it was cute and fun
and we will see Brian tomorrow for sure
and I pick him Brian up tomorrow - I'm
so excited
seriously I'm really really excited
actually had a little surprise for him
that I've been planning and I'm just so
excited to see Matt so they miss him so
so so much and have you missed him oh
you're tired
have you missed Brian yeah I think you
have - all right give the ball a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it and we'll see you
guys tomorrow do you miss me Olly
all screaming down that box absolutely
like that oh hey buddy
hi Holly how much your bath was it good
