and then I told her and then she's like
oh well I used the other one I'm like
why are you texting me the eggs benedict
takes way too many pans you guys that's
all the pans that I used for breakfast
this morning good morning I made eggs
benedict this morning Cassie was
supposed to come over with Koda and eat
breakfast but I'm not sure what happened
with that and her favorite thing is Eggs
Benedict so it kind of just gave me an
excuse to make some really yummy Eggs
Benedict
what are you doing this morning uh-huh
yeah it's nice outside huh look at that
day it's beautiful your bed head looks
way better than my bed head huh here why
don't you sit right here with your
blankie and watch Chuck you know what no
you don't all right you can go play good
morning you're gonna go see Mimi right
you insist on wearing the flip-flops so
hopefully you can walk in them
it is a nice 85 degrees out today it is
a warm palm baby we're gonna go play but
first we're gonna go see Mimi let's go
see Mimi I did such a nice day
you guys and Brian actually let me sleep
in a little bit and then he even brought
me up to toast so that I before I got
out of bed I was still super sick and I
think it worked at first I didn't think
is gonna work but I am feeling really
really good today so me and oli and
Louie are out we're set free birds so
sorry Brian he had to get stuff done at
home and work and so I'm actually taking
Ollie to the park and this is like this
fun new park that just opened up that
has like water and like a little splash
them so before we go there we got to get
free birds which sounded really good
that sound good
are you gonna eat show them how you eat
YUM he's been signing Pete huh eat eat
eat love to eat free birds Ollie is all
ready to go swimmin he's got his
swimming shorts on and a swim shirt and
a hat he's gonna go splash yeah he is
gonna flash and look at how fun this
looks you guys there's like a park
there's a smaller park over here and
there's just like full water plate and
it is a nice day the perfect day to do
this he seems a little bit overwhelmed
by all the things that you can do so
we'll see he's like I'm snacking right
now
yeah
I'm up there up the steps
hey guys I just woke up from an amazing
know what really early with oli and I'm
so exhausted
so I took a quick nap and Missy went to
the park with oli and now I've just
enough time to get some work done
so that's always good when trying to
stay on a little bit better of a
schedule for my work and just making
sure I'm done at like 4:00 cuz I do work
from home but I work way too much
honestly I just have a lot of projects
and stuff going on but I put on myself
that I probably don't need to but I
liked you because it's fun and that's
how I do things I'm an entrepreneur you
know so I like to start things and see
where things are gonna go and let some
light in here
Oh almost like a ghost for a second
Oliver go down the slide
prissy mama like they'll go down the
slide alright this was Monday
it was Harry and Hermione using the time
Turner today is Tuesday all oh and it's
the Pixies these things were so cool I
remember this movie came out the chamber
seekers I was so excited for the Pixies
yep today's Tuesday the tenth alley next
time here's an orange you're crazy
did you have fun say yes mama did you go
swimming in the water
good okay so this really funny thing has
been happening with missing guy today
she's been gone and like texting me
asking me questions and I've been
responding well I don't know what's
happening but it seems like either I'm
getting her text message late or she's
literally just like listens to what I
say and I was like I'm gonna do this so
the first thing was she sent me a
picture of something she wanted to buy
and she gave me two color options and I
said get the gray one and then she said
I decided on the black one and I'm like
okay why'd you ask me that and that she
said what card do I use and then I told
her and then she's like oh well I used
the other one I'm like why are you
texting me that and then just now she's
got me lunch and she's like do you want
chips and I literally I'm replying right
away you guys I said no thanks and then
she says well I got some I'm I don't
even know I'm at a loss it's like either
our text messages are so messed up or
she's asking me and then doesn't like my
opinion and then just goes with whatever
she wanted I guess that is pretty
popular in married life I put the camera
down and now I have to then my head so
you can see me chalkboard still a mess
hello
oh my God look at this kid miss you what
you do and you tranquilized and talked
about what you guys do you played in the
Sun in the water oh did you find oh okay
I get too much fun babe no it's like way
too late for to take a nap so
oh is it real totally Matt summit
schedules he's gonna sleep like oh it's
look you I come up no Missy did not
bring you sandwich just me sorry
a little burrito
just got done fishing some toys out of
the pool that Ollie threw in there last
time feels so great out here
I would love to hop in the pool but the
water is freezing so really exciting
spring but then we have spring right
yeah and then summer and then sour but
it smells like summer yeah it feels like
summer we just need to get this pool
heated up because I want to jump in it
oh yeah I'm gonna heat it up I need to
do it ourselves we should swim yeah Oh
careful
oli you can smash your feet yeah be
careful do you hear me anytime he hears
the dog waddle bark does Brooke are you
sweeping for daddy
I finally actually just a couple days
ago cleaned up this area because in the
wintertime it gets cold and we're not
out here so it kind of just gets really
messy and dirty and stuff we haven't
really been able to enjoy it but
hopefully now that it's getting warmer
weekend especially now that we got this
guy Sweetman so he can just clean up
here out
oh my gosh I cannot wait till our kids
are old enough to clean up dog poo I had
to do that all the time when I was a kid
what was the chore that you had to do
all the time when you were a kid that
you like hate doing now it's almost like
you have to pass it on to your kids this
is this yes Ollie can take care of the
poop the dog poop and then that new baby
can take care of dishes are you ready to
be the human jaw three two one
you ready you need to fire us doing this
downstairs in any party all right ollie
we're gonna go to bed kay say good night
oh but look Ollie that's you you want to
put on some pajamas you think crumbs oh
you farty Oh Oh kid
you stink all right we are getting this
kid all ready for beddy-bye time did
y'all fun day with Mama and me me is the
first night infection ales good on time
because time changes like so confused oh
yeah kind of completely messed us up so
hard to like get him ready for bed ok ty
yeah that's true but he does go to bed
really easily oh yeah
like he cuddled straight with you and it
falls he'll cuddle with you and then you
slam down he'll just fall asleep for my
bed by the way I actually have a video
on my channel right now and it's a
really special one because I did it with
my friend and she's not a youtuber and
she was like super super nervous but so
if you do the watch it please leave in
the comments something nice about
Gillian because she was really nervous
but she did a great job and I think it
turned out really cute awesome little
video and it's about making something
for your baby a little baby products and
I am out of it
Hey Hey yes beer all know it all feed
mommy did fancy b-roll not awesome go
check it out just see how did I get
anything
go check that out hub link below in the
description below we're gonna end this
vlog if you guys enjoyed it click thumbs
up button and we'll see you tomorrow
look I'm trying to escape
almost able to open doors Oh rabble all
right
and
that's where I wanna be
yeah wherever
