good morning guys it is another
beautiful day here in Cambodia and look
what I found over there monks what are
they doing they going to go around town
and leave the businesses or houses and
they ask for homes and the people so
sometimes they give rides sometimes they
give a little bit of money
and they pray a blessing over the people
how do you know that among self and not
just someone in monk clothes that
actually is a problem really
monks actually get upset sometimes in
our fake monks
Oh gotcha I gotcha yeah yeah
all right we're going to hop on this bad
boy
the Cambodian intersection right there
schools on the back of a moto we're
headed go get it sometime today we're
going to be actually going to this
wildlife and learn a little bit more
about what happened there it's so crazy
driving Cambodia though because there's
a method to this madness right yes and
there are actual rules but no one
follows them right organized chaos
oh nice that guy's got a sweet setup
three Willer good morning guys oli is
waking up from his nap
Karma's ready to get him and I've been
hearing him downstairs he's singing my
name he's like mama mama mama mama mama
mama hi I hear you downstairs you're
singing mama cucumbers
you don't you'd oh goodness
hi that hide you see him waving hi this
is Jackson's Curtis and Bri snug oh my
gosh hey what a good fine what a sweet
dog he doesn't like everybody a dog Hey
hi and is this your neighbor's dog yeah
Wow
he's looking the way does that oh my
gosh he's gonna die when she sees this
hey be nice Curtis is giving me a
walkthrough of his house it's amazing
whoa little dirty this is all yours dude
that's so cool
holy cow I love the way they make homes
here in Cambodia it's not much of a view
but can't complain about that yeah the
space weinery and pnom pants that's
always nice yeah and the building
they're building some poems over there
is that a coconut tree yes that's cool
dang dude this is so cool manga this
right here is a mango tree got front
yard and their main goes don't get
orange right now they don't really get
orange more of a green around ah the
orange is inside oh yeah yeah yeah mmm
yeah all the fruit kind of looks just a
little bit different here yeah this is
how a basic cambodian house is they have
stairs going all the way down and then
on the offshoots are these uh little
rooms like so whoa yeah the stairs are
very unsafe and then there's loft area
over there and over here there's a
master bedroom and you guys have a
bathroom in here right yeah yeah Oh like
right over there I'm gonna show him your
bathroom is that okay yeah so Curtis was
telling me that all the bathrooms are
under stairs so if you have to stand up
in pee you hate your head on the thanks
E or you can rest that if you're tired
and then this is a kitchen and the
kitchens only come with a counter and a
sink so they have their little fridge
here and then they use this as a stove
and the sides is all tile so they can
write listen then erase it that's pretty
cool
and then here we have dining room table
and a little living room area it's
pretty sweet
seriously dude it's a really sweet setup
I love how open and you just have so
much space yeah this kid loves his
blankie he always asked to bring his
blankie out of his crib right when I get
him up he will not let me leave it like
it is clutched to him then he always
drops it and forgets about it and he
just needs it for like a minute but it's
really interesting because he's never
really been like that but just like the
past week Oh see now I can have it huh
I'm not allowed to leave it in his crib
which always means that at bedtime
I gotta go searching for his blankie
live onesies are - thank you for my oh
my god
to be President
ah summer sailing yes how long here I
didn't believe you know I believe in you
guys we had to be here so I jumped off
my bus that's where we're at a chi yong
guk genocide 'l center this is basically
the entrance to the killing fields
and is a gym yeah
- it cost classic the all-time quick
this place now is actually really
beautiful and kind of peaceful but in
1978 this is where people were taken and
executed it's just kind of eerie and
surreal going through this area right
now because of how beautiful it is
some really insane things happen here
just taking a little tour with
and it's like talking to me telling
stories
so we just got done touring the killing
field
facility and now Curtis is going to get
a coconut so I could try xhr ink great
rifle Matt I don't like coconut water
like that you buy in a store but he says
these are different so I may actually
like these
here it is guys
it's actually really good I really
didn't think I was gonna like it it's a
lot different from like coconut water -
story you know fresh coconut from
Cambodia and it's that you can get it's
like full to the top - full they really
got skin and the meat insides actually
really takes you to that all right leg
up is really tasty you can see on the
top here yeah yeah yeah stuff yeah yeah
that's so cool it's funny because
everywhere we go they see us because
we're white and then they give us a
price and Curtis is like that's it's
crazy right they overcharge foreigners
yeah they try to overcharge you that's
just it's a bartering system they have
here yeah yeah and then and then Curtis
comes back with like his near perfect
Ally you're like oh okay
no dude you speak it really well but
then they're like okay he's not really a
foreigner so he gets me a deal yeah we
got we got two for a dollar instead of
one for a dollar
he always give deals for bra
we are grocery shopping I need a few
essentials like a dinner tonight and
milk and fur and all kinds of stuff did
you drop your cell phone all right cell
phone hey go so we're just running
through the grocery store groaning Oh
Ally we're in your favorite aisle snacks
next everywhere
next next everywhere hey did you brought
them down
thank you lunch time we are eating
Mexican people at a place called Alma
Mexican holy Cambodia yeah this is the
only place you can get it
the owners probably wanted you other
present yeah but this is the best
makes a stress reverse a cake has
stressful factors now this is really got
up eating a chorizo breakfast burrito
and then we also got watermelon limeade
which kind of tastes like how Missy does
she just puts the watermelon straight in
the blender and it turns into like a
juice really really good stuff if we are
now at our second go see store because
at the last one store I was getting
everything for my dinner tonight and
they just didn't have one thing and that
was corn it's not easy taking a baby in
and out of a grocery store especially
mailing one thing aha fat bye
I actually kind of jumped the first time
I saw that we've had a really great
Mexican lunch and now we're gonna head
over to the Russian market and we can
buy a bunch of like counterfeit goods
and stuff so that'll be cool hopefully
she doesn't run me over thank you for
not running me over look at one little
moto and all that stuff that's a huge
trailer for one model so this is the
Russian market they have DVDs they have
beats I actually got a little pair of
knockoff beats to have his backups they
don't need a battery and this is where
you get clothes apparently oh I want to
get Missy some of these she would like
those so much you can dance look at
watches no Selena Gomez movies
Valdez you guys know how long I've been
wanting to see Jupiter ascending and
they have it here but apparently it's
not a very good copy but they do have a
lot of these are all new ones they're
probably all bootleg though yeah I'm
gonna try and find some cool clothes
from Missy like some of the big Alibaba
pants babe if you're watching this
you're gonna be wearing those okay that
see she even says though they're
comfortable they're there all right now
that Christy and I have sweated a bunch
and spent a bunch of money at the
Russian market I actually got some
really cool things I'm excite you think
this you will like it yes
okay I had I had Christy pick out some
stuff for you miss and so I think you're
gonna really like it I'm excited it was
hot in there it was very it was very
very hot now we're okay
we don't get if I attack attack so today
we are making shepherd's pie dinner and
all the up sitting down peeling potatoes
and he actually saw a little bit of my
back as my shirt was kind of sticking
out and he stuck his fingers down my
pants like like down round like my butt
crack area and now I like screams and
now I think this is the funniest thing
ever it's not fighting on ready right
stick up think I think I think I think I
think I thing on you got shepherd's pie
on the agenda for dinner it's going to
be pretty simple to reply because I
don't like a lot of stuff I know some
people put a lot of things in shepherd's
pie and I'm just gonna have potatoes
corn and meat all right here is my
shepherd's pie just put in the top layer
on and there we go that's my shepherd's
pie we've got meat corn and potatoes
very simple easy recipe to make and
that's pretty much what I've been making
all week it's just like easier recipes
that I normally don't get to have
because Bryan doesn't really like these
things like he doesn't like shepherd's
pie or beef stew or chicken rice which
are kind of all the things that we've
been eating this week it's been really
fun to just make really simple dinners
that I love to eat but I never got them
hey ready
I got your dinner you ready mmm sounds
good all right guys so I'm here with
fungi and you think mean smart right
smart kid so we just had English class
here at water life and you go to this
every day
yeah yeah he seems really good English
and why do you speak English because I
watch English ed and speak English so
it's made me better Valera what's one of
your favorite cartoons regular show the
amazing bola got my shoes and there you
go and RIT was telling them about my
youtube channel and you watch YouTube
too she watches RC cars on YouTube you
watch me you're going to he knows that's
my buddy we just had to English class
here water light it was so cool to hear
two something what's not funny that was
very fun that was so cool
dinner was a success and I've now got
oli in the bathtub
and he was just in here playing with his
books like it usually does I don't know
if you guys know how much he loves
reading books and playing his books but
I think he didn't realize that some of
his books aren't for the bath time and
he just threw his good night moon in the
bath I'm sorry baby it's all done guys
throw it away throw it in here while I
wasn't looking while the buck bath was
filling out I think literally one of his
favorite books ought to go grassman a
new one of these ones
say good night to Cambodia everyone
that's the end of another busy day in
pnom Ben we just got back from a little
Bible study at water life after they did
English class which is so cool they do a
free English class for anyone who wants
to come Monday through Friday for an
hour and I just think that's really cool
because they're giving opportunity you
know to the people of Hunnam Penn who
may have never had it before I'm gonna
take a shower and
sleep sleep but I hope you guys have
been enjoying these cambodia vlogs it's
been really cool just to experience a
culture and to meet everyone and I do
miss you Missy I miss you and I love you
and I've barely even had time to like
watch the vlogs of all a so I think
before I go to bed tonight I'm gonna
catch up so that I can see my son who I
miss but yeah that's all for today if
you guys enjoyed it click thumbs up and
I'm gonna go ahead and let my gorgeous
amazing wife or miss so much-- and the
vlog one last look at that view woo okay
goodnight
alright we're gonna go ahead and read a
book we're reading Cleo in the snow and
he loves this book it like gives in the
giggle awakes he'll weeks
Cleo yawn Oh Cleo blinks okay oh yes
Cleo spice
caspere's him hey Casper fight Caspar's
crispy slides down you tell him that you
talked to dad dad so we were all ready
for bed and we came in the room Ollie
just kept saying dad dad dad dad and he
kept grabbing the daddy loves me bug and
I think it was just kind of clear that
he was in a way like wondering where dad
that was and he just really wanted to
like talk to dad dad I just think that
does gone he'll be back soon
and just out of the blue we got a call
from da hoorah
but not cool and so he was a happy boy
he just started saying dad dad Suzy saw
Brian Boyd misses his daddy huh and we
guys we're gonna go ahead and end the
vlog because we are tired I got lots to
do it we got a busy day tomorrow I hope
you guys enjoyed that the vlog today and
I did say I did watch a lot of the
footage that Brian sent to me earlier
and it is in it was an intense vlog and
definitely some things that are kind of
hard to see but I think it was important
for us to see it because this is really
true history that is happening in you
know Cambodia as hard as it may be to
watch I think it's important for us to
really know what's truly going on in
other countries so I hope you guys
enjoyed it give the ball thumbs up if
you enjoyed it all I do you want to show
them your thumbs up thumbs up good job
all right we will see you guys tomorrow
bye
all right
alright guys we just had church service
at the water of life Cambodia and I
wanted to introduce you guys to someone
this is Randy
so Randy why don't you come a little bit
about who you are and
