why do they do that
so beard good morning guys I am
currently 8 weeks in 3 days my
appointment is tomorrow today for you
guys but I thought I would try and do
the Doppler today and so I'm not sure it
will hear anything because it's still
very very early to actually use a
Doppler like this here yeah um so we
don't hear don't panic
um are you saying that to tell yourself
yeah for myself but for everyone else in
the room and I am also not using aloe
vera I'm using shampoo like that's all I
have so we'll say dr. Mimi
does it feel like I'm gonna usually it's
like Indian music
I see you have a freeway in your body
you know change the channels isn't like
a one channel teacher no no definitely
is mmm just a better connection to the
baby
do you see that the shampoo is on the
bottle is because I'm not hearing that
swooshing like me sometimes here what
did we use that one time oh there's like
we use that baby lotion you made oh yeah
mm-hmm
you don't hear anything like it doesn't
sound normal
yeah the soap do you hear it
I'm gonna say no it has things on it oh
it's like it's not yeah it's interfering
thank you should try something else I am
hearing more things yes
silky keep sharing it if you were the
baby where would you oh it's recording
now you know what you're like way down
there and small and I look huge okay you
look like a giant I just look like a
giant cuz of the way that its position
oh look at that stop pooping haha come
back up oh no I look like a giant no now
you look normal
you know you kind of looks like main
rate for a second you guys have a
similar face hmm I we've only been
staring impaired readily yeah we're
talking to ourselves right just give a
second top this is how you get
chickens to fall asleep oh that's
awesome if I was a chicken and one to
fall asleep oh okay yeah downstairs I
did or use the Doppler that we have at
home and we did not hear the harpy at
once I kind of thought I heard something
for like a second yeah but it is really
early there's it's not me might not even
here tomorrow at the appointment we
won't problem here but we will see it
there oh that's true yeah we'll see it
well here well they probably won't even
use the Doppler tomorrow because still
is very early to do that have to go
inside
DMI do you guys know how that works kids
yeah any might not they might even live
on the dolly they might do that anyways
just me I didn't find the heartbeat
today doesn't make me more nervous for
tomorrow or anything like never sir
no it's nice no no I'll just dig
something race tomorrow I'm still gonna
be just as like nervous in and not
looking forward to the appointment as I
am before it would have been nice to
hear it it definitely will so you don't
have the right gel so this is using like
shampoo and then we tried coconut oil
and that didn't work aloe vera works
really good but I don't think we had any
of that the same time I was the Apple
watch oh thanks
Missy inform you of that last night okay
you have to choose tomorrow at 10:00
oh yeah
okay isn't looking forward to this for
so long that's okay though
I mean I'm I was looking forward to like
hearing about it but I'm gonna hear
about it yeah we're gonna be watching it
all day well after we get back so I hope
you're happy every single appointment
with Oliver I don't think there was a
time when you felt comfortable I don't
know not on appointment did I go in
there going yeah everything I'll be good
I always panicked all it takes is is
like one bad appointment to ruin it
yeah and we had to oh yeah and I mean I
even remember when we did his anatomy
scan and the lady was wouldn't talk to
oh that's so annoying yeah and then she
actually told me we're gonna need to get
the doctor and then there was something
that they did find that they weren't
like super happy with and so like
there's just been some of the way they
act when like they know something is
wrong is ridiculous like you know but
they won't say anything yeah I just want
it so I honestly believe that I have
this might be like kind of a big thing
to say especially there were people who
actually deal with it but like I really
feel like I have PTSD when I see an
ultrasound oh yeah oh yeah I feel it too
I like no matter what I am if I'm
pregnant I'm gonna be pregnant and I say
that and I go like I literally just
started having a panic attack like it's
well it all just like yeah it just all
those feelings come back yeah it's not
one it will be tough but as soon as we
see that heartbeat soon as you see that
baby no baby we moving around it'll be
so nice there we good yeah good morning
friend you're Nev my love how are you I
know I talked to you in there huh you're
still laying in bed and I was like Ollie
are you awake and he's like mama mama
remember when you did that Dada
oh why did he do that so beard he said
he's dead
oh we really did miss it we were like in
our room were like it was all I wanted
to wake up if you guys watched
yesterday's vlog then you may have seen
a clip where Ollie sort of like spaced
out for a few seconds Bryan came
downstairs immediately after it happened
and told me about it and then I told my
mom about it and my mom was like that
sounds like a seizure so it was
definitely something that we kind of
already were aware of and then of course
when it went into the vlog a lot of
people were like that looks like
something to be you know concerned about
or maybe just something to keep an eye
on you know and so it is something that
we are going to show our doctor it
sounds like it's an absence seizure
which is not like it's not like a
horrible thing like I first like my head
just went to like terrible like thoughts
like oh my gosh something's wrong with
them you know but I think that if it is
it's just something that happens to kids
when their brains are still developing
they usually grow out of it it is
something that you have to deal with it
happens a lot because like it's
something being concerned there's like
let's say he's in the bath and you were
to have one and he could like fall we're
gonna keep an eye on you and we will
show his doctor that I'm shot and I
think I have another shot also hopefully
it's nothing but she may see it and she
may you know be like yeah that's what it
was and maybe we'll get some things
checked out hopefully he's okay I'm sure
he's okay
hum baby yes Holly do you wanna be clear
with us no mm-hmm that's his favorite
book come here hi
ah Rio in the snow I read how you really
huh yes clear wigs know weeks thank you
none here is Brian in the office right
now and friends need some music and
writing music with a spread right now
and all I just is out here every time
you here's Brian see like none none and
I always just sing the this is home song
it's so cute
no no you guys check out what Missy made
Today Show WIC shudder chocolate-covered
strawberries we actually got our grocery
order in because we ordered our
groceries online for the first time and
they all came what do you want to bite
he want to try take a bite he's really
trying he's really trying
I love chocolate-covered strawberries
mmm
so that Missy don't like I'm I don't get
it's weird
uh I also did chocolate covered
blueberries is that a thing hmm I don't
think that's a thing Holly
close your eyes yeah Ned close your eyes
close
do you hear that you guys oliver saying
go download daddy's song this is home on
itunes now we throw in the description
kids love it and close right fingernail
oh yeah we just ate a huge dinner i
grilled up some chicken and we had
mashed chairs and gravy and we had the
family over using the grill in like a
long time yeah wow it was really nice
out and now we're ordering oliver to
entertain us basically oh my god alright
guys that is all for today's vlog but I
hope you guys enjoyed it and if you
don't know I actually really do have a
song on iTunes called this as home and
it's the song that is playing right now
and it plays at the end of all of our
vlogs it's just about our family and its
really awesome name and if you guys have
not downloaded it or listen to it check
it out a hub link below in the
description so you guys can get it thank
you guys so much for watching today's
vlog though we had a really fun chill
kind of day it comes up you enjoyed it
I'll see you tomorrow this is home
just never look
are you talk
I'm home
and that's where a war
gonna be yeah wherever you're with me
