we're kind of laughing because I was
like kind of traumatizing Lee funny
right no funny at all good morning guys
it is Saturday morning and I am looking
everywhere for the keys to my car it's
funny story my sister and Ollie are
standing by the car waiting to get in
and my person everything is in the car
but earlier all I had another set of
keys that he basically was clicking the
lock and unlock button all morning and
now I've no idea where those keys are
and so my other pair of keys are in my
purse locked in the car the other one is
somewhere around here and I have no idea
where so I don't know what we're doing
this morning I really hope that we can
get out of this house because I'm ready
to go do something I think I won the
treasure hunt do you see them right
there all right you guys we are leaving
the hotel and we are literally just
walking right across the street and
we're gonna grab something to eat at
this place under all these trees yeah
can you get it a finicky kitty that's
cool
here kitty kitty kitty kitty kitty is
that good for a cat to be hanging around
a restaurant that keeps the rats away oh
that's good doc you're the lowest form
you can be they'll take care of em the
only have dogs for protection or for
unions a lot of the dogs have rabies
oh I understood here now Frankie oh why
and there is oh there it is there's a
little puppy right there but Missy would
kill me if I didn't vlog mice hey puppy
he's just chillin under there yeah I
don't know we're having this big ol
feast I guess in Cambodia it's pretty
traditional for them to bring out the
food as soon as it's done so nothing
came all at once it all came out sort of
in pieces that's actually pretty cool
cuz you get to like sort of sample
everything so we've been chillin eatin
and there's a cute dog down here Missy
look at this dog puppy hey he's cute is
he gonna be food no cuz the next course
oh he's got a caller feeding him a bit
fatten him up all right Ally we're at
the park today I was like alright we're
gonna go to the park and I was getting
him in the car he's like Bo oh oh oh
he's like I have to have my boat so he
brought his ball and I actually even
brought his little bicycle then he rides
around the house it's like a little
giraffe won but I don't think he's gonna
ride it too much here there's just too
much going on and his I have time to you
know use a bicycle he just needs to run
oh he's got his ball if you lose this
ball it's like panic mode foldable boom
it's like straight down alright then try
this one you know I've been down it with
him it's actually pretty fun it's not as
scary yes it looks
yep that was a baby
all right we're and it took tuck with
t-wave t he's taking Christie and I over
to s 21 which is actually born of the
camps right were they rescue people
during a whole month raid and the whole
marriage thing and I'll explain a little
bit about this you guys later on cuz
that's going to be learning a lot about
that on this trip it's one of the
biggest things that has affected
Cambodia so we are in the back of civil
mode oh this is cool I totally wish we
had these in the States right let me go
up top and take you to target these are
some of the little shops by like shirts
bags knockoff
may dance right I got it just put the
word Lexus on it makes it Alexis yeah
all the little bananas toul sleng
genocide high school before high school
before but it will be larger in 1962-63
there are for building this is a school
62 it was built in 1952 and then in 1975
Pol Pot came in and they made this a
prison so mmm school to a prison right
and 75 yeah and it's called s21
so the Khmer Rouge came in and basically
took over all the government when I sent
Quakers like well it's all the Cambodian
people actually went to the rice field
but they found out that they were
physicians or doctors scholars then they
brought them here and they tortured them
this is like a really huge part of
Cambodian history but yeah they tortured
them here and then eventually if they
didn't like kind of fast or like say
what they were supposed to say the rest
Minh taken to the killing fields and
killed him it was a mass genocide just
30 35 years ago the one that you look at
little one on the left hand sides of him
you can see iron steel with the two
wooden is to be the illness before the
temple to expire at that time at their
time but what you can say that while the
method of torturing the prisoner in
order to get confession
so I know this is all really really
gruesome it's actually almost too
gruesome for me even and I don't even
know how much I can really show you guys
what's here but it's just so important
for Cambodia's history that people know
about this and what happened because I
think it really definitely just stunted
their economic in their political
development you know as a country I
don't know if they'll ever get back to
where they were or what the real
potential could have been if this hadn't
happened so if you guys don't know a
whole lot about Pol Pot and his regime
or the Khmer Rouge or what really
happened at the killing fields or even
here s21 I urge you guys just to just to
Google about it and and learn about it
really it's crazy
it's it's a part of this history here
and it kind of gives a reason as to why
they do things today and why they're at
where they're at today too so that was
crazy so this used to be a high school
and they turned it into something so
horrible all right guys so we are at
Holly's home and Holly's home is
actually a branch of water of life so
why don't you tell us this is holly by
the way good why don't you tell us what
you do here I am the director of this
home at another home we have two who
comes to be some vulnerable women from
really vulnerable backgrounds or for
every woman has their own story the Lord
just kind of room
and then before I get I have one house
and then it grew it grew it grew we have
a girl ribbit and then we needed to open
another house and we were wanting to
minister to women that were coming from
like trafficking areas and things like
that yeah
or drugs or different things or people
had them or things like that
so we saw them in two separate and then
but yet work together with other roles
that one more salary being a part of
water of life it's amazing what you do
and I just want to thank you and tell
our viewers a little about you know
where their money goes to so that's
amazing
yeah thank you this is on the top of one
of Holly's homes this is the laundry
area so this is where they dry all their
clothes and Holly said that you have a
washing machine but they won't use it
Yeah right I think it doesn't get their
clothes clean that's a fun new meaning
it's the point and that's probably she's
like a part of their culture huh yes but
they like yeah thing this is awesome
though
I love this Oh check this out you guys
steps in Cambodia are never regular and
even oh and they're very nurse are you
guys okay yeah well Tanya's hard at work
yeah so how many girls are you gonna be
cleaning for on this trip well I thought
um I thought 18 but I just found
today that Holly has a lot of our girls
women so we're good
as much as you can cool
you
we're not watching that early are you
okay oh my goodness you're good no no
blood no scrape that looked like a hard
fall but he's actually okay he didn't
get any screen marks or anything but any
only cried for like a minute but we're
kind of laughing cuz I was like kinda
traumatising ly funny right no funny at
all hey he's like don't get away from me
aunty get away from me aunty loves you
and we're back on the bike all is well
with the world you want to be okay
they're like you want one that's how you
answering
we're buying baby decade for them for
all the tree for all the women so if you
guys don't know what baby duck eggs are
in Cambodia they are developed fetuses
that they've oil and then you eat them
those right there and it's a it's like a
real treat so we saw the car coming by
and we were like let's get all the girls
some baby duck eggs if they want can you
 can I see the inside no nice yeah
oh there it is oh that's crazy how do
you eat it gonna dig in that's so cool
they call it baby duck in the
transliteration and they've only
that is an hour which is energy and
honestly that's true because it's
protein and so if you eat protein of
course you would have it you get energy
yeah they love to eat baby jacket so we
bought them 40 eggs for ten bucks or a
quarter apiece so so cool just to be
able to do that for them
so Holly is showing us the Russian
market is here you can find all like the
tasty eats in the weird food tradition
Oh like charcoal
we have
dried out fish dried out fish like fish
jerky
yeah kinda weird smells like fish haha
like you'd imagine it's them yeah uh
turd rice flour right and they put it in
a
prosze work inside
this lady is juicing sugarcane right
here and what's it making juice yeah she
Oh see the sticks there how do they put
him through and squeeze the end it's
pure sugar cane juice and then they put
it right on ice
oh wow whoo it's yellow
just straight sugar kingfish I will tell
you I know you guys can't experience it
with a smell it's very particular right
there's a lot of different foods going
on but the smells we are getting a mango
banana smoothies jackfruit oh yeah
it tastes like juicy fruit leveled up
really and is that that's pineapple
right yes how do they get it to do that
they kind of like that oh by hand yeah
Wow
he's a jackfruit and this is what I
believe they got the flavor juicy fruit
Bubblegum from HR I love to see true I
can see the whole thing
oh my gosh it's amazing it's really good
that is so cool
Jethro
do you guys know who this guy is I think
he's like an Asian one direction I
turned on the TV and that was the first
thing that came up so I'm like all right
just gonna have that in the background
he had an eventful first day in Cambodia
you guys that was really really fun I'm
glad I got to share with you a little
bit about the history you know and where
Cambodia is sort of coming from as a
country and I even got to show you a
little bit like one little branch of
water of life which is really cool too
tomorrow we have church and so it's
gonna be a long day but it's gonna be
another fun one so you guys will have to
check that out too babe I love you and I
miss you I'm really glad I have Internet
in my room and so I can text you and
FaceTime you cuz I miss your face
alright I'm gonna go ahead and let me
see
and the vlog but I will see you guys
tomorrow
got Oliver to bed me and Oliver had a
very fun lazy Saturday we had so much
fun actually my family came over and we
went swimming and we just relaxed it was
really nice it was so much fun getting
to see Brian experiencing Cambodia it
was really interesting and fascinating
to walk on him just learning about the
culture and the history and just very
very interesting interesting things that
go on in Cambodia and I really enjoyed
it and I actually got to see that
basically this morning because his night
is like my morning and then tonight like
right now I'm getting ready to go to bed
on Saturday night but he's right now
like almost done with Sunday like he's
in Sunday afternoon so it's so crazy how
like that time difference works and so
tonight for him he'll send me his Sunday
footage and I haven't even done Sunday
so it's just been really neat to get to
see him just experiencing Cambodia as
he's experiencing it and we're so lucky
and so excited that he actually has
internet and is able to do that he's
just so dedicated to YouTube and to you
guys into you know just his passion that
it's really cool that he actually gets
to do that but anyways I did want to
just say that Brian I love you I miss
you all he misses you so much he's
always saying Dada where are you
well not where are you but he hope he
says your name dad dad I know he's
looking for you
and we miss you we can't wait for you to
come back so try and hurry but also
enjoy your time there karma I don't even
think we've seen you today I love you
you're such a good boy
you basically aren't my man for the next
week Kay you're my guy because I don't
have a man this week you see him wink at
me you guys that was a full-on ring and
we go ahead and end this vlog give the
ball a thumbs up that means click that
little like button down below if you
enjoyed the vlog we will see you guys
tomorrow
karma do a nice day bye
oh wow make sure I have the strap on my
hand because they will snatch my camera
yeah
poor guys on that one thing that's um
