ha ha ha got yourself in the face good
one guys I'm headed into super target
it is super early because we completely
ran out of diapers this morning
completely not one normally we have like
one sneaking under the couch you're like
in a bag or something we have a sound I
need some well not me I don't I don't
need diaper
I don't want diapers all these centers
have all right to do it good morning
guys I'm gonna be honest right now I
woke up in not the best of moods I also
woke up feeling very sick and not
feeling very good and so I just didn't
really feel like blogging and so it's
actually 2 p.m. and I'm just now
starting the vlog so it's not morning it
is afternoon it's so good afternoon guys
but what's even more confusing is that
for lunch I am making myself eggs and I
will crack these I was just getting them
ready but this morning I woke up and I
just wasn't feeling good so I made
myself like a bowl of cereal but I
really wanted to make myself some eggs
and toast and I just wasn't really
feeling like doing it so here it is
lunch time I'm still thinking about that
egg and toast and so that's what I just
decided to make myself for lunch because
I'm pregnant and I can do whatever I
want so I just gave myself an excuse to
make breakfast for lunch but I don't
think really is the thing breakfast for
dinner kind of okay now but breakfast
for lunch not really okay always eating
his lunch he's going to town he's been
um he's been asleep and now he's wait
woke up and now eating his lunch and
yesterday I learned
I have to take off his shirt and his
pants so today I took off his shirt I
actually left his pants on which might
be a big mistake it's okay we can just
change your pants if you get him dirty
he's like what he is food on his belly
right there
you're crazy you're very messy anyways
I'm gonna make myself some lunch before
I die okay bye Co hanging out with you
apparently he did not want me to play
with his iPad with him he's back with a
ball huh are you gonna have a ball
Holly yeah there oh that was pretty good
all right you ready for this are you
ready are you ready for the Smackdown
got yourself in the face he still going
through his ball face you guys he had
that little spiky ball um but we took it
to the dog park and a dog actually
attacked it and completely deflated it
it was very sad a random dog - it was
even karma Holly were you going down
hanging out yeah do I love what I'm
doing stuff in my office and he just
comes in and like plays with me for a
little bit Oh careful with your fingers
there you go what Hey all right I'll be
on a sec okay just see all these little
decorations we got the other day still
trying to find places for them and this
is our Elle collection look at that we
actually have more than I thought but I
think we're definitely gonna need more I
think that's gonna be like the center
and they're gonna put all the other
elves around it
yeah that's Elle yeah what do you think
it's cool huh yeah yeah Mama's out there
all right whoa
oh look at this also we had some kids
come over Missy filmed her video with
bajillion the kids came in here and
colored on the wall so now it's all nice
and festive I actually don't know how
much longer I'm going to have this
chalkboard wall though just because I I
don't know what it's doing to my
technology but there's a lot of chalk in
the air in this room and I don't think
that's good for like the computer the
ps4 or anything like that so I think I'm
actually going to be painting over this
pretty soon and then maybe finding a
different place so we can do a really
cool chalkboard wall but I love
chalkboard walls it's so fun that I can
work in here and all I can just come in
here and play around and maybe actually
if we had our own place and it was
bigger and more airier never space but
everything's kind of cramped in this off
so everything is touching everything and
chalk can get into technology really
easily so you kind of to be careful what
all he's got his little Santa's on and
he has accompanying me to the mailbox
how about the Sun huh if you would put
on sunglasses Ollie it wouldn't be so
bad come on let's go get the meal
say meal time Milton Milton Meal Time we
just turned on these lights and that one
flashed green I'm not even kidding it
looks like the avada kedavra curse and
then it burnt out pretty much yeah how
do you change that light pole you put
the thing on the stairs yeah I know
there are a ton in this house actually
that's always been all day he like
teases us with love and affection that
is like peace I am getting ready for
date night and I am just not really
feeling my hottest these days um I
definitely I don't know I just feel
gross and pregnant you know and it's
like that that pregnant in between where
you don't quite feel or look pregnant
but the stuff whatever happens before
you get like that
you get blow cake usually I just don't
feel very pretty
anyways I'm just trying to get ready and
I'm kind of complaining and being like
annoying you know always in here daddy
got him a new little toy and he really
wanted to play with this so I was like
well it's not that time and I don't want
you to take a bath right now so you can
just play with it in here and he's
totally enjoying me do you like all the
toys daddy got you huh yeah you gotta
cut got like a fishing pole and a little
brush for your nails and a comb it's
actually pretty me it's actually one of
the the bee grants that we always get
also I've got hashtag Bruce Norbit up
here because I thought he might enjoy a
little bit of Mir time which I know some
Vedas don't really like the mirror they
tend to fight with themselves because
they think it's like another fish but he
actually loves the mirror and he
actually will often look at himself or
swim around but I wasn't really liking
the way he was looking down Kiana's I
did it I did something wrong okay
the other day I changed his water and I
did it wrong I didn't put the little
drops in that I'm supposed to and I feel
so bad they're in now and so hopefully
he's okay but I felt like he didn't look
good and he probably went about 12 hours
before I noticed that I didn't put the
drops in that I supposed to so hopefully
it's okay and hopefully he's okay so I
just brought him up here I thought well
maybe some time in the mirror will be
nice I dreamed about last night I have
tons of clean laundry that I haven't
folded
well I thought oh I'll make my bed and
put it on the bed and then I won't be
able to go to bed until it's folded and
then I'll have to do it so that's our
bed it's kind of scary it's very
overwhelming about three loads of
laundry at least maybe four and Brian
just noticing he walked in like Oh
interesting that's fun
so hopefully I end up doing that it
doesn't just get pushed off the floor oh
I'm just so I'm so bad these days bang
wait I gotta finish getting ready
alright all the antique ass is gonna
take you we're gonna have
party you party with karma okay I love
you buddy
have fun it's kind of been in a mood we
have 101 Dalmatians and Toy Story movies
and make grilled cheese okay okay back
to our favorite place watching my fear
plays out back I got full deal I'm so
exhausted
I cannot even anybody mess and now my
second you sent back your booty got any
salad is it good it's midnight picked
out burgers place it like good actually
I do that's the restaurant for the salad
here please welcome staying a little
Israeli Lola
nothing I thought nothing including that
I like differently
you're so cute in the pregnant we just
got done with our movie and we saw
Jupiter ascending and it was good like
it
did you really is look is it was like a
it's like a cheesy sci-fi bit of song
cool
I mean Channing - I mean I like that
there's just a lot happening but it was
cool but anyways it's like midnight and
we're headed home we're doing it and the
blogs now Brian actually said Drive
casting home and then edit so it's gonna
be late now get along thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and we'll see you guys around
Oh
could say
I'm
Oh
yeah
I bet a little brother into that I can
take on
