all right come on Ollie come on let's go
do you think that we should tell them
today you think we should tell him huh
what do you think Missy should we tell
him yeah I think it
all right everybody it is the day after
playlist live and we are in our hotel
room with Jared and Ellie and all he's
walking around here somewhere aren't you
hey buddy I'm Jackson of course and
Jackson with our best friends if you
guys don't know Missy and I have been
trying to have another baby because it's
time for this kid to have a sibling yes
today I'm not completely I need to do
this to like start either today or
tomorrow okay so I picked up a test and
we're going to go ahead and pet I don't
know I really don't have any inclination
whether I am or not pregnant so if I am
will be very surprised and excited but
if I'm not it'll be okay
like this is only our first month all
right yeah I'm excited
all right I'm gonna go this way go pee
on that thing open it up all right these
are kind of cheeky ones that means it's
not gonna say pregnant or not pregnant
if I'm pregnant it'll have two lines if
I'm not pregnant it'll just have one
pink line you put your pee pee on the on
this thing right yes I do in a downward
streak in a comfort strand at
approximately 20 miles per hour for at
least five seconds okay
I mean she's baiting ladies and
gentlemen there is urine exiting her
body
I know it's alright let's head is the
light blue babe that's mommy's pee oh my
god that's very oh I was not expecting
that but it's like right away he showed
up like right away oh there's no idea
what's going on right now
Oh have you think oh you're shaking I
can't vlog yet look at that holy cow I'm
shaking so hard right now one I do think
wow
I should've right away right away that
was so fast that was amazing
oh great that's so awesome
Holly just Jackson
that's so cool guys we're so happy that
we're with LA dead right now
oh you like how cool is it to be here
that's so cool oh you're gonna have a
Mele
you're gonna have a belly again guess
what we could talk about it now it's all
of them we told them this in a long time
I've had to keep this in for a while now
do you know how hard it is to not tweet
about it every second of every day are
you so happy just say the little things
like yeah I just shook on the side of
the road which actually has happened uh
yeah you guys Missy is pregnant yeah
baby number DOS I'm like eight two weeks
and one day weeks in one day we found
out pretty soon
yeah pretty early on the pregnancy
actually at playlist live Ellie was
actually like you should test you should
test cuz Ellie Ellie knows your
psychology like today's the day you
should test and so we're pregnant now
yeah and I'll have a video on my channel
tomorrow for you guys to watch I like
more detailed about the prank beef and
hard key to see it we really just needed
to tell all of our family and friends
yeah we told our family and our friends
and sort of got that out of the way and
let it even let it sink in for us a
little ya and hard it's and even not
talking about it in the vlog though it's
been hard and it's almost like it's real
now because you guys know yeah it
definitely has made it more real that we
can announce it you guys are like
excited with us and I think I'm really
looking forward though to our
appointment which will be on Monday and
I really get to confirm and everything's
good and going good but we had a really
awesome time telling all of our family
and friends so here are some of their
reactions I just tested
yeah that is two lines
mom I am thick exhalation fire I just
saw the fixer don't cry but also good I
just wanted to show you something
oh my god are you serious yeah yeah
that's what I said I think it was really
cool like when we told your aunt she was
like silent and then you guys thought
and then she just started crying very
emotional I was like not expecting it at
all and I think it's just because she
knows everything that we've been through
yeah you know in there every step of the
way tried to have kids like over two
years ago and we actually lost two
babies and then we had Oliver Ollie was
our little miracle and we actually found
out that Missy had a septum in her
uterus so she had surgery just a couple
months ago to have that removed yeah and
we were able to start trying right after
that in that way this pregnancy can
hopefully go a little smoother it's
really interesting how much we've done
to prepare for this pregnancy and now
it's here we're pregnant and I'm nervous
scared excited and I feel really good
about the pregnancy but there's
obviously going to always be that
anxiety so far from my calculations the
expected due date is October 13th which
is what I wanted I'm a ball
I'm October 27th and I want kind of an
October baby but this is just the next
chapter of our lives
this is the next journey that we're
taking as parents and as a family and
I'm just so excited I'm excited for
Ollie to have a sibling and I'm excited
to see you with a newborn again and yes
I'm excited to have a newborn again I'm
excited to see Ollie with a little baby
like that I'm gonna be so much funny I
feel like he's still young enough but
yet old enough to like cap on it I was
just thinking that you know once you see
that positive pregnancy test and once
you know that there's another family
member another life on the way it's like
you already create plants for them you
know and we I can already see me with
another baby and I can
sort of feel what that love is going to
feel like because it's R it's very
different when it's your second baby
it's hard to imagine loving anyone more
than we love Oliver right now yeah
there's a lot of different emotions that
come along with a second baby rather
than your first I'm excited our whole
family is excited I hope you guys are
excited and this is just gonna be it's
gonna be really cool I mean really fine
I'm really proud of you and us and
everything and yeah interesting with two
kids it will be chasing them around the
house well if you guys are not
subscribed to Macy's Channel she'll have
a video up tomorrow going a little bit
more in depth about the pregnancy and
trying to conceive and all that stuff
and if you guys aren't subscribed to our
Channel we actually put up daily family
videos every single day so go ahead and
subscribe and join the family and I hope
you guys are excited if you are click
the thumbs up button and leave a
friendly happy comment full of love down
below and we'll see you guys tomorrow
all he comes say goodbye all he's
excited to be a big brother too so he
can ride his brother or sister around on
the motorcycle aren't you alright guys
we'll see you tomorrow
say bye bye
lay down
