what's going on here I see your feet new
underwear on Papa is changing your
diaper what the heck is that about yeah
me well I was like who are you and then
Brian was like I teach the last one and
then I'm all done
I think people they always go back and
forth about whose turn it is to change
the kid's diaper and technically it's
Missy's turn yes and we tribute that is
true good interview yeah actually take
very good turns like money we're really
equal we are really equal for the most
part but I was like so I did it for a
week straight but so anyways my dancing
zone I sweated for a week straight
so I suffered also we suffered in
different ways we just weren't
complained we're not really complaining
right now we're just being silly
I'm complaining anyways we're as Mimi
and Papa's right now we're just hanging
out
very had a very very lazy Sunday just
taking it taking it chill up up there's
my drum hey Dewey I would say doesn't
like to be the bugs he just said let's
talk about Jimmy for a little bit Jimmy
Jimmy what is there to say about Jimmy
Jimmy my brother is hardworking he's
always in school and he's quiet very
quiet if you don't know him he's not
quiet when he's with us no I mean I he's
quiet but at the same time he's
has a very good sense of humor he's a
funny guy but he just said definitely
doesn't show it to random people and I'm
sorry you guys are very random people to
him right so if Jimmy comes off as quiet
and awkward
well it's kindness no everyone's pretty
awesome but anyways um yeah we just been
like super taking Sunday to relax Brian
I think it's I think he's finally over
his jet lag although I'm not really sure
if I can call it judge today yeah we
definitely definitely actually I don't
know if we guys if we had said this but
um he traveled with three people did we
tell that they he traveled with three
people and they all came back so so so
sick I mean fever throwing up like major
major major not feeling good and he came
back fine tired but fine I'm so proud of
it I seriously think it was the
probiotics out because I started taking
those like a week before and I'll take
I'm gonna take him for a couple months I
think I think yeah good for you yeah I
think that it actually worked cuz if you
guys know Brian he gets sick if anyone
is sick around him he will get sick
because that's just how he is he doesn't
have like the best immune system and
yeah I know he hasn't gotten sick we're
still hoping cross our fingers that he
doesn't but once in Cambodia yeah not
even the food um he was also taking
charcoal pills cuz we watched palm and
natural and she takes up it's like she
feels anything like sickness in her
stomach and so yeah he did great I'm so
proud of him so we actually have both
Brian and oli on probiotics so that's
good and my mom's making food what are
you makin chicken fajitas speaking of it
probiotics you take yours she's sick
right now first time I've been sick in
like three years three years yep she's
got it pretty bad cold yeah so anyways
you're making fajitas yes I don't know
if reading there we having dinner here
if you want
he was like you should eat dinner
of course we're invited we're always
invited I cannot guarantee that diaper
last time I change that's true like he
did it a little while ago like a few
months ago and all he woke up naked over
there blog where he was naked in the bed
yeah it's been a few years since he
changed his last diaper and he didn't
really change very many when all I was
like what's the first time you changed
his diaper that might have been one time
yeah like your first time it was a fail
he's changing a few times since then
because they have watched him and like
spent nights with him so but I think
it's funny I'm almost done changing
diapers I mean usually especially for
boys I hear it's like around 3 the next
kid we should not do diapers oh you
should do the thing where you was it
elimination communication is the thing
if you heard of it you can look it up I
can't I couldn't do it I mean I couldn't
even like try and do you got to be very
like enjoy it super super dedicated so
yeah potty training let me know when
your child when you potty train your
child because I think we're looking at
around to two and a half for ollie but I
guess we'll see he is very into the
potty
he loves his party huh can you say poopy
poopy I'm gonna do those in your bowl of
raising I'm gonna see those at your
boobie later dinner no he's like oh I
can put
did you guys see these pictures that we
took in Idlewild a few like a month ago
this is that big photo that we took and
so cool and actually got this whole set
at Hobby Lobby for my mom a few months
ago or actually for Christmas and it
says dreams smile enjoy life imagine the
kind wait
imagine be kind inspire read have fun
explore together I find the weirdest one
is read why are we supposed to read
together should we like all gonna book
and we book like I mean the rest makes
that like how do you guys read with your
family cuz it just seems kind of random
I don't know anytime we've read books so
it's like she's read them all and then
you've read them all and I have read
them all yeah so we kind of have a
family book that's true we all kind of
will actually really enjoy my brother oh
this is this is a good fact my brother
brought Jimmy how many books have you
read in your lifetime just give me a
number 300 bucks one year how many did
you read that one year that you went
like crazy on books
my hundred bucks a week yeah week for a
year that kid loves his books anyways
we're all pretty in doing stuff um but I
guess that slug kind of turned into a
one day we just kind of chilled this
today and we're just gonna eat some
dinner anything else you want to tell
them I watched them perform everything
is awesome at the Oscars yep my wife
failed to tell me I told we I need to
show you some key things from the Oscars
and I'm like that just goes in one ear
and out the other cuz all I hear is
Oscars blah blah blah boring
hey they perform the song and the lego
movie adopts because they would have
been like that was pretty cool yeah he
wants that and there you go I was trying
to show you the Indigo notice anything
else yeah in America well Oh an American
in America while I was gone honestly I'm
not very good at keeping up to date with
stuff like you guys just gave me a
rundown what just give me a lift
what happened while I was in Cambodia in
the United States well the dress thing
happened but your the day when I came
home yeah was intense especially for us
we was sitting at dinner and we kept
seeing the dress thing going around on
Twitter you don't know what it is just
google it um and we were just like put
it this dress thing it's so weird and
then Brian he's like I know it's I mean
it's obviously white you need bold and
I'm like what did you just say and he's
like it's white and gold I'm like no no
no no no no no no no no that is a blue
and black dress that was weird that was
so weird it was just like a okay I get
that I get what's going on right now
everyone what is something make sense
that whole thing was like my tranny
yes like we are worried about the color
of the dress not Cambodia I'm always
helping you cook are they helping mommy
helping you cook what do you want to say
oh you see your milk no there you go
don't know if you guys know oh sorry
I don't know if you guys know but when
he hears we're going to meet me in
Papa's he all scents like snacks I'm
gonna get snacks when I guess go to me
and Papas and so he always goes straight
to the pantry and he wants a snack okay
anyways but we're gonna eat all right we
ran the vlog I hope you guys enjoyed
this cute little fun little one take
give a lot of thumbs up if you enjoyed
it and we'll see you mom yeah leave a
good comment and with you guys tomorrow
I'll give you a thumbs up thumbs up day
bye bye say bye bye say bye bye likely
please see if I'm right
but why can't you wear this forever
wait
