because we have a couple PPI you and
Holly are you eating breakfast yeah
you got eggs and waffles whoa
good morning guys we're just eating
breakfast Hey oh I have this sneezies oh
I got the sneezies I got eight more
coming just coming tens hey Holly is
watching Jackson oh there he is
oh there's Jerrod os3 dad I don't
remember what I was talking about
because I kept sneezing so much reading
breakfast I made bacon and eggs
and all he's eating some waffles and
eggs and bananas and watching Jared oh
don't attack mom's phone with the spoon
no don't do that
Missy ate cereal now she's doing dishes
dishes in the morning that's not fun to
stick
oh you don't feel good this wasn't
feeling good last night
tired and I did it do you think you
caught what Ollie thought yeah you guys
it's like a little cold does Jared play
music
good morning guys I kind of found worse
than I did yesterday but I'm feeling
better and all he is right now down for
his nap and we are trying to get out of
the house by the time he wakes up
because we have a couple things we got
to do and this is on and we got to meet
my cousin today - all I can hang out
with his cousins and so before Ollie
wakes up from his nap when I make him a
green smoothie so um because he's sick
and he's been not eating as well I think
this is like super important we're just
gonna put in this vanilla yogurt for him
it's gonna help with protein and all
that good stuff help get something good
in it I'm going to be on it so the smell
of yogurt makes me so sick and then a
little coconut water again protein and
then we just got to add all the veggies
in fruit and then he'll have a yummy
yummy green juice when he wakes up from
his nap I'm gonna be honest there's all
kinds of good stuff in this thing I
think we have yogurt coconut water a
little bit of this mango charity juice
stuff I don't know strawberries carrots
apples banana oranges spinach ice there
might even be a few more things in there
that I can't remember I pretty much just
threw anything that look yummy in it and
this is a big smoothie and it will
actually he'll probably eat one of these
for lunch and then he'll have another
one for dinner and it might even go into
the next day I've got all these sippy
cup for right now when he wakes up and
I've got
this one these serve as like aa sippy
cups right here so this is like four
different smoothies for him so this is
pretty awesome this last this quite a
while
Alli what are you doing he's been
standing in this same spot for about 10
to 15 minutes now CJ get him to move
take his hand CJ your ginormous finisher
here I know I remember watching a vlog
where I was teaching him about zombies
and he was so little oh but just like in
the last week I'm pretty sure you have
like a growth spurt
CJ grab his hand and get him to move
handling big I know look at Hey look
he's like no I want to stay here did you
wanted to your vlog I'd like a two years
ago vlog you'll see Bailey I think in it
and yes oh yeah yeah and Bailey is like
a baby like Yahoo I'm baby yeah yeah we
like we babysat her a lot when she was
little yeah seriously he is not moving
like this it's okay all you can stay
there what's wrong see she's trying to
take you somewhere you got green juice
on your face buddy brought him here to
play with CJ and Bailey and he just
stood right there I think he still may
be a little bit out of it um so he's not
super excited
he just doesn't he just goes to his own
beat all he's like you don't do that
what are you doing Bailey
you're making cakes little wood chip
cakes this win whoever has the bestest
wins yours is pretty big that's a pretty
big cake we just got done mailing the
thank-you cards I went a little bit
longer than a scout cookies
oh hey silly girl scout cookies we just
sent the thank-you letters out and oh my
goodness there are so many we had no
idea how expensive it is to send them
internationally to knows almost $3.00 a
card yeah so I think the total was how
much was it 60 something sixty something
dollars to send all the thank-you cards
out we got it we are ever happier
excited we're glad we got that all done
and I'm excited for you guys to get them
but now we are off to do more things
more errands someone in the comments
asked the other day why do they say they
have Oh running errands yeah it's not
coming right I guess it's not errands
it's just like things you got to do
yeah like post office paying bills
grocery shopping yeah just stuff like
boring adult things boring adult things
yeah morning in the old barracks that is
a throwback Thursday for you right there
all right guys I am here with Christie
this is actually Missy's aunt and we're
gonna be going over to Cambodia in just
like a week in one week he's gonna be
crazy so she's showing me all the stuff
that we're actually gonna bring so one
of the things that we're going to be
doing is there's a nurse practitioner
over there that works with a lot of the
people of Cambodia and they can't get
borax and this really helps them it's
like a cleaner right yeah but if they
have skin conditions and oh yeah for
them and then also she also can't get
these nutrients so these are like what
are these like vitamins like supplements
I see and then this looks like this
might be for her though this is so no
it's some discernment please bring me
some something American some American
mustard they want something from home
yeah yeah some coffee for Bri and yeah
things like that and then for Randy and
the boys of water of life they always
need medicines alka-seltzer there's tons
in here
Oh awesome different things Christy how
are we gonna take all this yeah only get
two luggages so we're each gonna drink I
can only bring two luggages and one I
wasn't gonna bring anymore okay other
one hopefully you'll have enough room to
do supplies yeah okay I wasn't sure if
you would have so much room because I
own oh I can I have I have plenty of
room left over when I feel like it's
Missi you have to worry if you were
taking Missy
she actually her suitcase weighed over
and we had to adjust in the airport two
luggages and then you get one carrier
and one carry okay love love a young cat
uh-huh do you love the kitty he's trying
to pick him up love me love me a lot of
the cats just get just coming they make
our backyard their home that's adorable
Ollie this is definitely a kid in though
all right the official babysitter has
arrived
Cassie's gonna watch Ali tonight Missy
and I are gonna go see a movie movie
guessing none of your business
bye ollie bye and I'm think I need to go
hide somewhere with him so our boots
with these stupid so it's too busy
um I have no comment is that the right
thing to say
beautiful state oh it looks great
I am always afraid I'm gonna say the
wrong thing all right all you do some
chores and then it's bedtime okay
don't attack don't attack
broom straight to the face alright guys
we are on a little date and after we say
we're stopping PJs for get up a member
and they gave us a spoon for each
individual one yeah you know I'm mixed
up I think this is like the best way to
drop off the game like ER love original
Missy like the triple chocolate I think
the original is always the way to go I
think this is where it's at honestly
this ice cream is so good - the ice
cream is like my favorite yeah honestly
I think that's the one thing mixing with
my picking good iceberg yeah and we only
got three because that's how they come
we would have got just two yeah that's
that's very true like I just want the
talking when he is funny I were like
what are we gonna do with the third one
so we'll probably hate it anyways we're
gonna go ahead and end the vlog because
retire top Reese's going home and go in
the back give them lot thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and we'll see you guys
so cute are you talking are
and
gonna be yeah wherever you're with me
you
