Holly hi
good morning from this grumpy cat
herself
today is February 12th Thursday and it
looks like Grumpy's getting ready for
Valentine's Day
holy crap Valentine's Day is coming up
SAP Valentine's Day is on Saturday I
honestly have there had like any time to
even think about Valentine's Day should
be interesting to see what I pull out of
my hat so to speak good morning guys
this morning I've actually been catching
up on a ton of emails that I missed
while we were traveling and I don't know
if you guys can tell but my voice is
kind of like shocked think it definitely
we just we were working hard in Florida
you guys I don't know what happened but
I've also been working on new music for
the song that I'm actually working on
now I'm trying to do more of like an
orchestra feel or like lots and lots of
strings just because I feel like it
really fits with what the song is about
so I'm gonna play you this little piece
- so it's got like horns it's got bass
it's got violin it's got piano I think
it sounds really cool it's kind of like
the feel for the new song that I'm
working on I haven't really had a whole
lot of time to even think or go over it
but the time that I do have like in
between doing other things I've been
trying to work on it exciting hopefully
I'll have something for you guys next
month hey buddy what's in there hey you
look like you're feeling better did you
get a good nap I'm now you're playing in
the tub Holly how old are you how do you
feel all you feel better yeah that's a
faucet water comes out he's playing with
his toys in the bathtub right now just
oh a car look even though he jumped over
you all right guys let's go downstairs
come on I told you not to come up here I
was just come and get the camera good
morning guys I'm not feeling my best
today but I'm feeling okay and you know
we just got done with a little workout
huh doing work a little and now I really
wished that we could go swimming but I
feel like the water is just still too
cold what is the temperature it's 80
degrees outside which is probably really
nice but that water's still like
adjusting to the cold temperatures that
we're outside so check it out maybe at
least karmically no swimming cos he's
been dying to swim huh come on Holly
let's go check the water look at my
house it is such a disaster but I did
all my laundry I did like four loads of
laundry last night and I just have to
fold everything and then I've gotta
clean my house kitchens a mess
everything's a mess huh let's go check
it out outside come on let's go see how
the pool is don't you want to go
swimming again you have been swinging
forever and I miss it so much
feels nice out here
come on let's go check out karma if I
let you out here I know you'll go
swimming so let's just take off your
stuff now you guys I sound terrible and
I don't feel great but I'm okay oh don't
break the ollie
then there he goes how's it feel little
chilly
come on let's go good job chilly it's
seriously not that cold you guys he's
just beat us ah look at him yeah guys we
got to make sure the vacuum is working
because I can tell that there might be
something in it so let's go stay cool
these things get into our vacuum all the
time I always throw them out and somehow
they always go back in oh he must be
problem no I think it's the wind or
something I don't know dude hang here we
can throw it in that night whoo I'm
stylish what check it check it out my
sunglasses they're all your turn
No ah I'm gonna get you to put him on he
put him on himself earlier just like
three seconds ago uh hey guys I just got
back from grocery shopping made no food
in this house and now we should be good
for a little while huh how are you gonna
feed yourself when I'm gone I got home
she's like I'm hungry I mean eaten
anything so like all right I'll whip you
up some waffles so I got waffles cooking
those are just not done and I've put
together some bacon
Ollie I really want to see you wear
these can you please put these on oh
yeah you're so cool come here look at
him wearing a babe you are just too cool
for school like sunglasses now all he's
trying to put him back on all right babe
you said you were hungry midday waffles
are the best huh go go sit down eat
those I'll put this all the way I think
I'm gonna make myself some to stay look
good don't those look amazing yeah
there's a pen bye dang
Holly hi oh hello come on
he likes meeting this one me and Ollie
went on a walk and I closed the door for
you came in and he just like went to
zouri like not guys like he'll do it
again
Ollie hi yeah we're gonna go swimming
are you excited always got his swimming
suit on
I've got my swim suit on Bethany on his
Kyra's got his on we're gonna go chill
in the hot tub so yeah I haven't been
feeling good today always been actually
really good I think he feels a lot
better today and I just don't feel good
and I just have a little cold or
something but it's not terrible so
that's good so I thought you know we've
been relaxing all day may as well not
end now let's get in the hot tub that
sounds fun we have not been the swim
class in like three or four weeks so I'm
super bummed about it but I guess it's
just like the nature of our life right
now we're very busy ooh that feels very
nice very very nice but I'm not getting
in that let's warm this let's do one
this is jumping it's actually still a
tad chilly cuz even warm up a little
have you had this rolls it's too chilly
we can't get in yet that's right
all right I've got the baby to bed and
Bryan is making us dinner
enough for two just us and he's making
no key you're so good Bryan earlier he
was like how are you gonna get how you
gonna do it when I'm not here and I was
kind of in a bad mood at that point so I
didn't really say anything but the chick
I'm kind of excited about it but I don't
know he's definitely the cook I'm just
gonna have to find some recipes that are
easy that I can make I can cook you guys
my husband just is really awesome he
cooks for me so I'm just I got I got
made but I also am the maid in this
house I do a lot of stuff we share our
responsibilities like it's very yeah
we share our responsibilities and it's
nice I'm definitely lucky and I know
that but when you have to stay at home
parents you get to share those
responsibilities and I think that's kind
of nice
but anyways always in bed which is nice
I'm so exhausted
and I'm actually he was feeling a lot
better too he is he has been so but much
better he's had like his cough but he
hasn't been like that depressed sad face
that he had like yesterday which was
kind of sad anyways I'm getting ready to
jump on a Skype call with another
youtuber everyone here's our Heidi Kim
Makoi show a little bit of us typing in
a few minutes and I'll have her link
below cuz I'm gonna jump on and talk
with her for a little bit just cuz I
miss her and I haven't talked to her in
a long time
look I made you did I made you dinner
mmm it's a it's an oaky pesto with
shrimp yes I know they refer to their
camera as box and I think it's so cute
it's so true like we're talking to a
bunch of people inside the box box meat
other box so everybody wave at your
screen to the other people in the box
waiting out there screen there you go hi
I cut that like archive video of
problems for staycation that had like -
O'Brian playing with the camera
hmm even back then we called it box yes
you did
usually a box playing I haven't put the
stickers on it lately have a whole bunch
of stickers over here and there's like
bowties and all kinds of fun stuff
hey guys everyone's asleep so oh my god
at the bottom if you guys enjoyed it if
you did click thumbs up and
Lucey tomorrow so tired
and that's where
yeah wherever
you're with me
why people never leave you
while Curtis is horrible
because day
lay on the couch
