and then at 7:30 we hear like and then
the housekeeper just like open the door
and then it couldn't open all the way
because the lock was on there and she's
like oh good morning guys it is a
beautiful day here in LA yes we are
still in LA the sun is shining in the
palm trees are blooming and I'm actually
walking over to the Hilton where our car
is parked in six floors beneath
completely dead I did ask the valet at
the Hilton to heard that they could
probably do it but they said since the
Prius they won't touch it because
Priuses have to get a jump-start a
little bit differently so we just had to
stay the night and get it fixed this
morning but we just get it everything
ready so hopefully we should be on the
road soon headed home
and you know someone actually tweeted me
sorry through the loud so one actually
tweeted me and they said you know maybe
it's a good thing maybe you know we
maybe we avoided like a big crash or
something you know I don't know all I
know is I want to be home good morning
guys you made a how does our hotel room
things are going we are sort of a hot
mess but the car is moving that we are
driving along the freeway we're off to
home always so dot e are so tight I'm
really really tired because Ollie we all
went to bed pretty early and then all I
woke up at 1:00 with a really bad fever
and so I gave him medicine and then we
lay he fell right to sleep on me for
like maybe maybe two hours he's just
like waking up yeah and then after -
after the two hours he was like just
couldn't get comfortable and was just
trying flip-flopping and crying and he's
just not happy and I tried putting him
in his crib and that was like hysterical
crying and so the best I could do is
just try and like comfort him in bed
with me but it there was no sleep and
then we finally got him to sleep in his
crib at around like 6:45 in the morning
and then at 7:30 we hear like and then
the housekeeper just like open the door
and then it couldn't open all the way
because the lock was on there and it's
just like oh sorry
and then like shut the door and of
course that was it so loud and he was
right next to the door he's right next
to the door so they pretty much just
like woke him up and
okay yep that was that I was like good
night we got the car charged we're off
or on our way we got to get some food
but we want to be home so badly all he
wants to be home he probably wants to
take a nap in his own bed right now I
think I have what he has
and I cuz I've got like a sore throat
runny nose a little bit of a cough
not quite yeah come as bad as he has it
but we're home karma don't you up all up
it's not funny boy that makes you laugh
huh even when you don't feel good
Oh karma and oh yay how does it feel to
be home that's good you're never leaving
again I have you're never leaving well I
think we're never leaving without you
you are yes you are the new nanny
welcome to the club and karma is very
excited he was very depressed yeah see
that picture
thank you today a karma hike hike
morning just laying on the couch like so
depressed that Cody's jumped on him and
he didn't even look like everybody but
look at these busy bees working hard
yeah sending cards we finally got the
labels yeah the way you get these
forever so if you have thank-you cards
coming they are coming to you I'm gonna
try and send these out either today it's
possible but maybe tomorrow at the
latest
yeah you'll get them soon unless you're
in another country then it might take a
month I don't know yeah it'll be on its
way
yeah it's on its way I'm excited I think
we got everything done and the shirts
went out as well it's getting real real
here because
I'm leaving next week for Cambodia are
you gonna miss me
I'm gonna miss ya know how I'm gonna do
it I gotta get her editing the vlog this
week so that she can know how to do it
I really excited about and actually I am
gonna miss you but I am excited to see
what life is like as like if you were to
go to work and not I was like a single
mom although it will be a single mom for
a week but what life would be like if
you went to work all day I think my life
would be totally different
because I would have to have a schedule
where it's me taking care of Ollie and
me having it ready without you watching
Lily like life would be totally
different yeah not everyone filled out
their emails for the sign postcard and I
had to stop it somewhere basically so if
you didn't do it within I can think I
gave them over a month even yeah to do
it so hopefully everyone wanted one is
gonna get one and yeah the sure orders
have been sent pretty cool it's all
coming together okay we're gonna take
your temperature
gimme yeah dad that was you 99.6 too bad
about let's check this year he's so warm
he just woke up looking up from a fever
oh that's I says one more - oh really
I'll try it one more time doesn't have
it in there and once I use one sides
warm in one sides cold 100 Wow which
one's correct you definitely got a
little fever which one we doing it again
he holds so still when you do it yeah he
thinks it's weird 101 101 what I do
either way you gotta do something in you
huh but he's not Bernie no he's not by
any means it's like a very nice mention
but a fever is good right a fever means
of his body is are they fighting
something yeah it isn't necessarily it's
not like a bad thing I feel like we've
always been taught like fever kill it
get it out of there
but it actually does kill whatever he's
got as long as he's okay it's not too
bad as long as you keep an eye on it
yeah along the links to hi hey baby how
you doing okay you're tired
yeah all right guys we just got home and
Ollie took a nap but when he woke up he
just did not sound good
he kind of he's definitely got some
major chest stuff going on so he was
kind of good like that and it just was
kinda stressing me out so I thought may
as well not get too far into the day
where it's now nighttime and we have to
do like an ER run or something like that
and we should just go to the doctors I'm
taken unto the doctors right now walking
in made an appointment not one office oh
oh here goes he's no good he's in his
jammies and he's like good I hate taking
the doctor though because that office is
so gross it's full of others no it's not
got a little germs yes this feels
enjoyed watching other kids that are
sick it kind of stresses me out
you look pretty good you look like it's
not on your cheek but you look cute
cuz I do are you ready press the button
there's this one right here yeah all
right we're back from the doctors at
first we gotta see Papa and Aunty and
uncle
I'm really sick you're sorry
Joey's actually he wants something when
you hug someone there's papa
you're not a lot Pass here should know
baby zone
no sticky baby zone basically they
confirm there's no like fluid in his
lungs which is good because it
definitely kind of sounded like it has
ear infection so he's officially on
antibiotics and we are fighting that so
hopefully he gets better soon hope it
was in just the next couple days he gets
better
look what cane while we work on nature
box we get this every month and this one
that should have a bunch of really clean
new stuff in here chocolate banana chips
dog chocolate pretzel pops SantaFe corn
sticks so some good cherry berry bonanza
and of course a bag up big island
pineapple cuz that's Missy's favorite so
I have to get a bag for her every single
time this thing comes I definitely need
a chocolate fix right now so I'm gonna
try the chocolate banana chips
that's what they look like not actual
chips these are really good every time I
get my nature box I always try and do
like something sweet
umm or like chocolaty like dark
chocolate pretzel pops with something
savory so these are the Santa Fe coin
sticks so these are kind of like spicy
and savory but if you guys don't have an
H of ox you can get some free snacks
sent straight to your door with the link
below in the description we love nature
box because we travel a lot and so
they're really good to like throw in a
travel bag if you're going somewhere and
you need something that's a little bit
healthier than like candy or chips or
anything like that but definitely check
out that link below in the description
if you guys want to get some free snacks
I'm gonna take these Big Island
pineapple up to misenus she just got
home and she's bathing Ally hey there is
a naked baby
at the top of the stairs oh hello there
naked baby here give those to mama yeah
he's got something for you some some
baba bringing down the humidifier poor
sick ollie uh-huh okay okay okay I'm
okay I'm good
I got your humidifier no no really you
stay there it's okay and we got his
other humidifier what are we putting
there as a breeze I haven't put anything
in there yet oh you dress me oh okay
what do you mean you got the Idaho
Potato oh you just knows that it's
sleepy time huh okay let's go up here
alright guys I'm gonna go ahead and call
it a night today has been pretty
relaxing once we got home I've just been
trying to chill and stuff um I figured
to take this week and just sort of
chilling because it's I actually leave
in a week for Cambodia and it's gonna be
a lot of work it's gonna be a lot of fun
because I'm gonna get to follow up on
all the charity things we did for water
of life I'm doing some cool other
filming there besides like daily vlogs
as well
mm anyway thank you guys for watching as
always I hope you guys enjoyed this vlog
if you did give it a thumbs up
and we'll see how small goodbye
I am home
and that's where our
wannabe yeah wherever your win
