that make you miss karma good morning
guys Missy night I have something to
show you and I think you're gonna be
surprised I really want this pillow we
have all these extra pillows we were
like how can we get one of these on the
plane with us bring it yeah we're
probably not gonna do that but Ellie and
Jared are gone they left yeah no what
happened
they left super early this morning and
are on their plane on their way home and
we're getting ready to go look at all
he's climbing into his car seat already
yeah he'd say I made you go home mom you
ready to go he is uh definitely a little
bit under the weather he's got kind of
like a cough and we can feel ease
congestion so we gave him a little bit
of cough syrup hopefully he's not
miserable on the plane ride and he can
actually sleep I think if it gets any
worse we may have to take him to a
doctor
well checked out yeah the poor look I
just not feeling well he said I go
through the doors did we miss anything
you always got a double-check
that's a Holy Bible in a Book of Mormon
check the door look not on your fingers
doing the mad scramble you know like
when you leave a hotel you check every
nook and cranny like a gazillion million
times and oh shorts dang good yeah
that's kind of what you have to do
because we like people leave things and
we are notorious for when we get to a
hotel room for spreading out we
basically make ourselves at home
which is what you're supposed to do I
think we're leaving that because we
can't really take it on the plane so I'm
gonna shut that stores all because I
know I feel bad yeah 1:52 love it it's
just like the simplest thing you know oh
you okay go pop it up how do you teach
him to cough and like blow his nose and
stuff good what I've been doing is
making him laugh really hard oh yeah
that's true
he kind of hacks okay that's about man
you say water agua
water this is a really cool fountain
it's like built into the stairs nice all
we never got to go in the glass elevator
babe
dang yeah just ate lunch and now I think
we're checking out of the hotel going at
home finally I feel like we've been here
forever
it's a nice hotel though this was a
really really great playlist this year
I'm but I'm excited to be home finally I
know Mimi's excited to see oli so before
we leave the hotel we ran into a shop
and I noticed they have all these magnet
magnet yes a car thing we always go
wherever we go we always take a magnet
I'm gonna be being forgotten one yeah no
oh
it doesn't take Florida on it though we
wanted to say Orlando say Florida
ooh that was cool - it says our land a
Mickey Mouse we didn't see Mickey Mouse
I like this one although we didn't see
the beach either
what do you think it is finale both of
you hold that one while we wait look for
others that's cool look at these ones
with the Gators Gators who the Sunshine
State that's gonna cool if you are
another one I like that one
it's cool yay
light actually what kind of
we on a flight for six hours
I'm a crazy
out out like a light so I was not going
I don't know how long must be called it
was awesome six hours one light is but
so accumulation
chill
fell asleep right away though I like
doing this and they're like Simon to
everyone for now thou art man wild which
is way too way too intense for playing
right and I haven't seen the trailer for
this one you're going to play on your
game play oh it's running energy yes
having to be like
Oh ladies and gentlemen that was a long
flight I do not know how I'm gonna do my
flight to Cambodia assess 18 hours and
that was only five and a half isn't that
crazy
Oh stuff in the end because all you
cuddly yeah
yeah he like coddled us and like slept a
lot so it worked out good
now he's off he's actually probably
feeling a little bit better
huh he's at least smiling and talking
and he's got a screwed-up give him
kisses ah all right so I'm at the Hilton
because this is where cars parks and I
just went all the way down and it's dead
I can't I finally got into it with a
manual key but I can't start it I can't
do anything so now I gotta go tell Missy
and basically breaking news she's not
happy well this is my view right now
would be unhappy baby huh you little
unhappy lay or giving kisses to pluto
though huh so we are sitting inside the
hilton hotel and friends we're making
phone calls to that our car jumps lady
and in the end they said it was going to
be an hour
to jumpstart our car and I just don't
think we can wait an hour and then drive
two hours home because
he's tired
he's hungry
all the above
which sounds mr. boldness because I want
me one and man was going home today but
I just think that we're always safe and
probably our own sake
going crazy now we just need to stop
and like just a go to bed and do it in
the morning
sound like a plan baby we'll get you
some food and some good sleep come on I
need a smile ready that make you miss
Karma he's sick he's tired he's
miserable and he still smiles because of
puppy-dog kissed em huh none what's
going on about no no
I'm not it's completely so damaged not
even any reservations about well who and
it goes
you can go to the Marriott next door we
have to all this stuff and can't get we
can't get the Belmont
okay update on the travel day from hell
we are now walking with all of our
stepper next door to the Marriott click
on the streets today I'm a penny we're
gonna be sleeping on the streets tonight
I can't even walk and do it at the same
time because I need all my hands so good
bye Holly bet you didn't think we were
doing this huh you promised me Oh huh
what happened why are we here this is
the worst six hour plane ride
we got an uber to the hotel the hotel is
full the car battery is dead the people
won't be here for an hour and because of
we have such a long drive home we
wouldn't be home till like midnight and
all yeah well that's a packing play we
got you a crib buddy first we have to
find food cos were starving we've been
in the plane for so long all right
we just took a very relaxing fun bath
huh was it fun yeah it was fun mm-hmm
and we are witness oh you hear that god
it is rough the plane home all right
that you breathe like room service we
got ollie a quesadilla hey buddy
come over here hopefully Oh
that pork ha we got food in the hip move
miss you we see that pasta looks good
and we also decide we were gonna treat
ourselves at that little cake they
brought us that's like a $10 chocolate
cake babe oh yeah so think we're gonna
eat up on all this room service and then
go to bed tomorrow morning we have to
get the car fixed so I have to call that
and then we have to drive home and then
maybe tomorrow we'll make it home maybe
karma maybe tomorrow you can just take
Manny
oh poor car
mr. Rob is Rob we're gonna go ahead and
end the vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it
pick thumbs up to wish us luck on
getting home and we will see you guys
tomorrow
I am home
but yeah well
Oh
