hi baby hi baby hi baby
he's a comedian oh I just roll on her
little ha ha ha that's a cutie
this is home
yeah
I am
good morning goody good morning
she likes so cute in this did you think
of things easy
Digga think you think you think you
think it's exam did you think they can
think of the good things good morning
guys today Colin and Katie are saying
sinara whoa whoa dude
that was funny last time you said
sayanora I know right just become best
friends yeah also in case you're
wondering yes Colin is rocking his
boxers but they're all getting ready to
go which means we guys think about his
amazing games so we're gonna put all
these kids together no it's okay don't
cry
look at these two boys hanging out is
there girl so anyway yeah Colin and
Katie are leaving today and but it's
been so cool hanging out with you guys
we kind of said our goodbyes last night
but I just want to tell you guys to go
subscribe to them and their links are in
below in the description thanks yo so
you can see more of the southern belle
gosh I should have right-hander over to
you private held around a little auks on
how their buds last night mm-hmm
baby girl oh dude we like we have we
have to have one do you only know you
know like when you saw our camera and
you like health it and played with you I
have that one basically the same thing
but when you're kid well let me call
best ball make sure they have one for ya
definitely should check this song and
eating that sunny collie look at all
this fruit that's calling your name come
on come get it he's been a little cranky
this morning breakfast took a while but
he's got his pancakes now so he's happy
and look what I got Eggs Benedict I
think this is definitely one of my new
favorite things it is our last day here
in Florida and - odd that it is raining
pouring outside it is
outside let's go to the beach me Ellie
have this great idea where we're gonna
go to the beach I'm going to a beach
okay look like a Floridian these two are
heading back to Arizona but I want to
let you know even have so much fun
hanging out with them and if you guys
haven't subscribed to their Channel go
check them out I'll have it linked below
clintus you guys are awesome yes I know
they just love you huh yeah yeah
by
it is wet rainy and cold you guys we
actually had plans to go to the beach
and like maybe walk around and get
dinner and then everything was just
taking forever and we were like you know
what we're going to get to the beach
when it's dark out we're not going to be
able to really enjoy it or have fun or
anything so you came back and it's still
pouring rain is apparently it supposed
to rain till tomorrow so I guess it's
just like Florida weather for you right
the straight thing though it's not cold
like I'm like sweaty and like I feel
like bliss you know cuz like how it's
hot it's like warm but it's raining they
did it they survived the rain holy cow
you guys that was misty I offered her my
jacket I offered her she want to
experience the rain so she went for it
and now we're at Fulton Crab House we're
gonna have to get on a boat oh my god
okay
we are there holy crab house to the back
oh is that a mermaid
look at that buddy look at that that is
a yellow tailed snapper so cool there's
all different kinds of fish up so
there's a black fin tuna and a big ol
helm
that is a Wahoo
oh yes that looks great thank you so
that's the salsa verde and that's the
aioli
yes oh and we got bread
we ordered lobster corn dogs guys I've
always wanted to make these cuz Byron
makes he's really good so that should be
interesting but it's cool cuz there's
like a paper on the table so the boys
are like color and like crazy or if this
isn't or or 'this is even doing like
making good habits ya know it might be
teaching them something bad but i'm
worth it what is this that they brought
us like little crackers maybe like peas
or something cheese or something
seafoody Oh try it try it oh it's
already falling apart look at
so they take a lobster down battery is
it good
all right food just came and it looks so
good I got jambalaya and it's in the
skillet this you got steak we got
Lobster
I got Lobster okay looks good you gonna
eat money
always looking yeah yeah still one of my
favorite things about traveling it's all
the different food we get to try you
know it's fun yeah
all right so we are in downtown Disney
cuz that's where we had dinner and I'm
walking over here cuz I see something
really really cool look at that
that is really cool what do you think of
that buddy look at the dinosaur yeah
look at he's pointing to it he's like
that's a very big dinosaur isn't that
crazy
it's so big huh
you
Missy this Downtown Disney is huge
in compared to our downtown business
that's crazy but I would love to go to
Disneyland or Disney World
yeah we're definitely talking about how
it would be nice to do a Disney World
trip just for like a couple days just
cuz the parks are insane yeah we really
wanted to see the beach today it just
did not work out wasn't in the cards
Polly's hanging in there with his Pluto
it's that time with our Bali hey yeah I
don't know if you guys saw but Missy got
these really cool things and all he can
make music in the bath and it's like a
puzzle so you like put them together
like this what George said said bath
time JD oh did he did you say bath time
with our Bali Hey
those are so cool babe where'd you get
those okay that's awesome
bath time he just did it look at mommy
she's a new tiger suit that's pretty
cool huh
Ali come here can we hey Olli I like
your towel dress aha he's like mom why'd
you do that to me all right the kids are
all ready for bed number two they're
both kind of like a hot mess right now
but they look so cute in their jammies
together don't you
alright time for bye guys and now it is
dessert time just try to stop I'm gonna
eat some of that regardless of whether
you lick it or not it's so delicious
yeah cheesecake and chocolate cake from
the restaurant that we ate dinner at its
work alright you guys we got the kids to
sleep they're all over there right
around the cut are you doing it's
working it's working dude another
benefit of this camera if the screen
puts light on you
so whoa lose it it's really super dark
in here but anyway we're gonna go ahead
and eat some dessert now and then call
it a night but I hope you guys enjoyed
this video if you did click that thumbs
up button and subscribe to us if you're
not subscribed and we'll see
I'm home
and that's where I wanna be yeah
wherever
you're way
you
this is how
you
