there it is you guys we made it put on
pen International Airport Christy you
ready to do this let's do this it feels
great
good morning guys
oli how we doing how we doing so far
I've been getting ready I've just done
my makeup I came in here to clean my
bathroom and check this out I've got a
message from Brian says I love you so
much see you soon
Brian he's so cute like he serves knows
exactly what I want to see and like I
don't know that message yesterday I'm
just like it meant so much to me I had
kind of already been really emotional
that night and I kind of finally just
sat down in a very empty quiet house to
start editing and the first thing I see
is this message from Brian and I
literally just broke down and started
crying like a baby and I was like this
is so sweet this is so cute how can I
not share this with you guys because I
don't know I meant a lot for me and I
know that it was something that he made
just for me but I don't know I wanted to
share it so I did so hopefully he's not
mad at me hey let's let's go get you
ready anyways be you're just getting
ready for the day we gotta clean up
we're gonna do some videos today for my
cow because I've been sorely slacking on
that hey munchkin stop being so such a
stink so we are going to be Howie
productive and fun day today so normally
when Brian's here and I'm singing he
distracts all eight in place with him is
stuff come over here but today that's
not an option
so oli is my little hot burger and he's
humble clean can you hold it down so I
can sweep it up that's okay you can you
sweep it with your own room all right
you guys check this out I'm in the
International part of the airport I've
never been in this part of the airport
it's so cool it just looks like a giant
mall I don't know how to say that bull
foot Gary biggle screams everywhere this
is so cool this is in LAX but I've never
been on the side because we never fly
international so I'm traveling with
Kristi this is Missy's aunt
and Krisha say hi Krisha is Brie's mom
and Curtis and Bri are the ones who
actually live in Cambodia
and then also Tanya she's gonna be
cleaning teeth while she's there I'm
gonna hop in there to some do
there she is so weird it's got like
Chinese symbols on it I'm gonna have to
get used to that you guys
punch the plane wow this is huge thank
you wow I've never been on an
international like which is 3
a pod today
these are the pods Christy
all right oli is down for his nap and
now I'm actually going to go ahead and
start editing and I actually have a
friend coming over who's going to help
me with one of these videos that I'm
doing today and I'm really excited about
it I think it's going to be kind of a
fun cool video but everything is going
great the house is clean my house clean
clean clean and actually just moved this
this thing in this was in the garage it
was originally in Brian's office but
then he got a different one and so this
has actually been in the garage and I
was like this is so perfect I can help
like organize some of his stuff plus
he's got tons of books that he usually
drags up from upstairs that he brings
down here and so now that's a little bit
more organized and you know hopefully we
can even get some baskets to put his
toys in here a little bit better but I
like this I think this is a cool little
addition this room is kind of a disaster
for me sometimes and I'm always like how
do I keep this thing organized there's
just so much stuff and so many different
toys and even has more toys that I would
love to either rotate in and out but I'm
just like there's too many toys so I'm
also very interested in whether or not
we have footage in this vlog of Brian
because as of 11:40 today or 11:40 in
the morning I have officially haven't
heard from him in 12 hours there's been
no communication no text messages tweets
since he left LAX I haven't heard a word
and the cool thing is that nowadays you
could actually track his flight and so I
just typed in like his airline and his
flight number and apparently he is
almost there it looks like he's just
about to probably come in and land in
Taipei but this is the the flight that
you took this is LAX and they basically
move all the way up and all the way to
here so he's almost there well
correction he's almost to Taipei where
he'll have a three hour layover and then
he'll be off to Cambodia oh I can't
believe I haven't spoke to my husband in
12 hours it just seems crazy that he's
flown across the world and I haven't
heard one word but I hope it's flight
went good I hope he relaxed and slept a
lot of the time alright you guys we are
now in Taiwan this is crazy I'm in
Taiwan right now the flight was not bad
at all I slept for like a good eight
hours watched Harry Potter and I feel
really good
we're passing all these really cool food
places I gotta say I'm starving it just
seems crazy to me that I'm not on
American soil anyone you know it's weird
hello kitty everywhere this is so cool
it's like a little playground waiting
area we're there for little kids to play
we're going this way now we don't know
where we're going is so cool hi kitty
we found dumplings and it came with this
green thing you can eat those right I
don't know what they are okay
yeah the cucumbers pickled cucumbers
yeah and like a soybean milk I don't
know just like Dino dumplings that's the
only thing I really know so we got cokes
and dumplings so I'm actually in ready
to film a video and I've got Jillian
here my friend we're doing a video
together and she has twins and they're
so stinking adorable and all I've been
playing with them and look at them all
my mom's getting ready to take them all
on the walk and all is just like you're
led sit here this is Ellie and this is
max say hi guys
hey hi look how cute they are and they
are basically all the same age they're
like six weeks younger right yeah yours
are six weeks younger younger than ollie
and they're much bigger like always just
so tiny and they're just like these cute
little like chunker's are just so
adorable all right guys go have fun go
and say bye can you say bye bye look how
good always being yeah she usually isn't
that patient when people touch again
haebang iMessage and FaceTime are
working so Missy and I are gonna try
Skype so I'm gonna try and type her
right now I'm in a really good Wi-Fi
area
Hey hi babe this work is that ollie let
me see him ah hi buddy hi it's working
yay we are high but wearing a Hello
Kitty Playland guys I finally talked to
Brian after like it was officially like
15 or 18 hours uh-huh and I finally got
a DM from him that I really missed it
and then everyone started tweeting me
that Brian was trying to get a hold of
me and so um yeah I actually got a bunch
of jams from him and then we actually
set up a Skype call because apparently
his face time or I messages weren't
working so yeah so we've been actually
chatting a lot on skype just using like
text messages and also the Skype call so
that was that was really really nice I'm
probably got to talk and he's actually
just now leaving it's like it's 4:30
right now my time and he's just now
leaving to head to Cambodia on his
second flight so he will probably be in
Cambodia around like 9:00 p.m. my time I
think and then he'll show up there like
in the morning so crazy day for him and
he basically completely missed Friday
which is kind of interesting but
there it is you guys we made it phenom
penh International Airport Kristy you
ready to do this let's do this it feels
great
ladies and gentlemen we have arrived in
Cambodia and here is our vessel that
water of life hooked up for us is this a
tuk-tuk still that's cool and of course
you guys know Bria hi Brie she's here
and it's hot hahaha it feels great
though it feels really good it's nice
and breezy now I think we're gonna load
all of our luggage and all of us in this
contraption Christy you can stay here
okay yeah there's a Dairy Queen right
over there
so you can eat ice cream or whatever
they have look at all these bikes you
guys oh thank you oh wow
we just said make sure I have the strap
on my hand because they will snatch my
camera that's good to know
poor guys on that one thing that's
amazing
I kid you not you guys I saw a mom and
dad and she was sitting on side on our
cycles the grace is just insane we're
riding awesome just right like take all
his dancers incredible I've got dinner
been cooking all day actually I put
ticket in here and now I've got cream
and chicken in there I've got the rice
right here and we are making chicken and
rice for dinner and I'm actually having
a girls night tonight which is fun so I
don't usually get to do that because I
usually have fries I just bought
something Hello Kitty for Missy and she
gave me nine dollars back in change and
then these points is that yen no no idea
yeah they look cool and this is what I
got from me see it's just a little
keychain with a like a plush Hello Kitty
thing on it it was a like $10 did I get
ripped off yeah in order to have a
successful girls night we had to come to
the store for some necessities
we've got Double Stuf Oreos duh and face
nice and I think we're gonna grab a few
other things just like some ice cream
and I don't know just go how fun little
girls night and it should be a lot of
fun I'm ready for this I am in my room
and we're not tickling staying at like a
hotel it's called a guesthouse but this
is my room for the duration of our stay
I'm gonna give you a little tour okay so
this is the door it's got a very good
lock and a chain lock and what's
interesting is in order to run the air
and the lights you have to put your key
card in here and it will turn on the air
conditioner and all the lights and they
do that because they have to conserve
energy so you can actually only run the
air conditioner while you're inside your
room so I got my bags right there I got
a little dresser and a TV which they
gave me a remote for when I checked in
so that's pretty cool and this is my bed
kind of
nice big bed and it's pretty hard as a
rock I think this is actually a common
thing over here is their beds are really
really hard in America they're really
really some but that's totally fine hope
you don't sleep on that cool got some
cool little art above my bed oh and look
at this you guys I have a dimmer whoo I
can make it romantic in here ooh next to
the bed I got a little mini fridge and I
have a desk and then I have a mirror hey
it's Brian in a different country and
then right around this corner this is
the bathroom and you guys are going to
find this really really interesting so
we have a sink in one corner right there
okay shower in another corner and then a
toilet yes ladies and gentlemen it is
all inclusive in this bathroom right
here I can wash my hands before the
bathroom shower all the same time I
could stand on the toilet or sit I could
sit on the toilet if I wanted and wash
my hair that's pretty cool but
apparently that's a pretty common thing
also in Cambodia so we have that oh and
check this out you guys my toilet has
one of these do you guys know this is
yeah that's up a day and then right
outside here I have a lovely view of the
city you guys wanna check it out that is
phenomenal ADEs and gentlemen crazy
right
and so that's my room for the duration
of the stay in Cambodia and check this
out you guys it's got a universal plug I
didn't need any adapters or anything
which is good because I don't bring any
there you go you guys I mean Cambodia
this is really happening I'm gonna try
and relax it's been a crazy crazy travel
day for me just all the flights and
walking around and Missy I love you and
I miss you and Olly oh I miss you too
and I hope you're having fun and you are
being nice to mom and not terrorizing
her so much but anyway I'll send it over
to Missy to go ahead and today's vlog
and I will see you guys tomorrow
the girls night has officially started
we've got Ireland
and I I made them wear this Cassie and
Cassie wearing her talons II she a cat
onesie
yes cow oh wow one day I wish their cat
onesies cat like these yes I got one
what are you bring it I didn't tell you
where the official onesie hard guys know
there's enough for nothing
Benny wait I've got my of course my
Tiger onesie I wish I should have got a
one of the cow one - hi - today we're
having a really fun night we're about to
get in the hot tub and we're gonna watch
movie and make cookie dough and E I
scream and Oreos and this we're just
gonna have a really fun night but I'm
gonna go ahead and end the vlog so I
hope you guys enjoyed it Olly is already
in bed look at that kid he's sleeping
all right
get a life thumbs up if you enjoyed it
thumbs up get a lot of thumbs up and I I
can't believe if you guys are seeing
footage of Bryan in Cambodia I think
that is so awesome because I've seen
nothing I feel like you guys are seeing
it before me because I haven't seen it
adds up right now
I hope head to the bog we'll see you
guys tomorrow hi
you're making me cry yeah if we fight it
I'm not worried I'm not gonna be able to
handle it like a really capable mother
and I don't and a human being and I care
if you don't have any dinners what won't
bring over it
