good morning we are off aren't we Oliver
he has no idea what's going on this is
home
I am
just got through security with my really
fast Missy for once we're not racing to
our play how's it feel feels really I
feel like when you're super early they
like let you go through all the
pre-check things you don't have to like
take off your shoes or anything like
that
nice they are really nice to us for
being responsible haha which we are
David here we go are we
we're gonna get some breakfast okay he
did so good he slept like all night
right he didn't wake up once oh my gosh
oh yeah after we've logged about him
being falsely he never woke up yeah so
he stayed in his car seat until the crib
came and then he actually woke up like
two tickets took his shoes and socks off
and yeah later I transferred into the
crib didn't wake up slept all night I
kept waking up like why it's like so
we're we're pretty much like pants of
the year basically much no I'm so proud
of all like he's been so good I think
yeah yeah we're traveling it's weird
whatever
what do you think golly foodcourt on the
left
Oh
and someone's been having too much fun
run around Holly Holly come here come
here
what are you tell her
he got over on his own too huh
won't put your backpack on what's wrong
he's getting a little grumpy that flight
was delayed any power because of the
ground stop so we've been sitting here
longer than we planned for but he's been
a trooper it's been good he's really
super proud I hope that he keeps it up
yeah I know I got lots of things to do
finally huh here we go he just looks so
comfortable nice just lay back one of
the wheels spending oh thank you bro I
think that was his master plan I saw you
playing with that earlier
we made it in Orlando we're on this
little trim belly to go to our baggage
Olly hang in there huh you happy
the kids are back together get Olly are
you giving Jackson kisses yeah guys he
literally ran out doing game like kids
it was the kiss yeah you guys look at
these two people do they look familiar
haha they totally remember you look at
this though it's so cute they're so high
did you give them a kiss do you want me
to see his friend I told you guys oli
oli watches your vlogs and he says
Jackson Jackson I know I heard you he
said oh they're love heads they love
their love boxing a little too exciting
I love boxing we're here yay this is not
a little this is uh : and Katie and
Ellie and Jared's room but we have
arrived
you can cause bama Ellie's funds damaged
Ellie no Bama
style Bama style family style - boy damn
it gets in here whoo now we're in our
room there's one bed instead of two
Jared we got a share bed I find I call
middle okay all middle right here my
spot and you guys can decide the rest
and Ollie is rearranging the couch
cushions so there's that look at Jackson
he's like can you stop when I get this
one it's actually nice because we have
it they gave us a couch and it folds out
into a bed so I think the last day Ellie
and Jared are gonna room with us while
we do some cool things in Florida so
that's nice but look at this you should
check out the toilet paper
so he's like the toilet paper look at
this we have a bowl today Missy leave
this balcony where's the pool ah pulls
over there
so we have a really great view of this
parking structure right over there so
that's nice
this is scary yeah I know what is with
this view though come on look at that
moon yeah no it's that good side or is
that it there's so many big hotels
around here haha it's nice out here
though huh
this is cool let's let all these scream
in here then they are out there totally
they gave us a cage for Olli too so
that's nice usually it's like a pack and
play but it's an actual crib Oh Jackson
you want to go in there too
all over you I can't Jackson's in there
Oh perfect
you two share a room I can get you so
much better look at that oli and Jackson
reunited oli be nice oli give Jackson a
kiss
oli give Jackson a kiss and you say
you're sorry he can climb out of this
Missy I know he's got those monkey feet
oh my god
I want to get it on video if he does
yeah
can we just for a moment admire this kid
chomping away on pizza I feel like this
is how I would eat pizza if I was in a
room with look at his face
with no people or cameras or anything
he's this lovely yeah none in the mouth
he just sets it on the table next to him
and then he goes yeah Jackson here here
Jackson eat it
like no one is watching check it out you
guys playlist live has officially begun
and this is what's happening we are
actually just hanging out in the hallway
of the room we have the kids asleep in
the room and so fair : brought out this
huge bucket of physically just been
eating and drinking and shat and it's
just so cool oh dude I have anything
like what look here what is a little an
angel squad oh my hair looks so weird
the holy hey buddy
know my brother from another mother
calling here you got everyone look at
all these goodies are you guys we've
just been macking it you have granola
sup Oh healthy right and that cup fruit
and not healthy staff there was your
camera looking I might get wrong
billions if he's like I want it um -
anyway we're going to end today's blog
if you guys enjoyed it click that thumbs
up button because we have a lot of
really cool clearance live vlogs coming
up it just feels cool to be back here
with our friends and hanging out stuff
so we'll see you guys tomorrow
oh so cute are you talkin are
and that's where I wanna be yeah
wherever your way
you
