and I cared for you
this is home
I am
good morning guys we are ready to live
it's almost time and I've actually have
Oliver supposed to be napping as you can
see here he's wide awake sitting up
talking playing so my mom's actually
here and she tried to put him to bed and
he basically has been in there for like
almost an hour probably like an hour and
he he's just like refusing sleep which
sucks because well my original plan is I
want him to sleep and then we were gonna
drive to LA and then hopefully he would
stay in a good mood but now that I think
about it it might be better if he sleeps
on the drive and then when we get there
he'll be in a good mood because he'll
just woken up from his nap so it's
probably for the best
and he's been really good for an hour
just sitting in his crib and I've been
able to get a ton done so we're pretty
much done and packed and everything's
ready Brian just went to go get his hair
done and then he apparently he got lost
because he got sidetracked because he's
really about it at directions and you
know it Brian don't cut this part out
I'm so yeah when he gets here he's gonna
pack everything in the cart and then off
go hey guys so I just got back from my
haircut and I'm currently trying to pack
this very tiny car with way too much
stuff really it's not way too much stuff
I mean that's never gonna shut we're
just I hate to say it but we're
outgrowing this car we cannot fit all
our stuff okay so put my back there
basically it's because we've added
another bag to the mix I have a bag
Missy has a bags we have a carry-on and
an overnight bag we're taking to the
hotel and then Olly now has this big bag
because he needs it we have too much
stuff and so my job is basically to
figure out how I'm gonna get it all in
this car and I don't know how should
have rented a car to drive to the
airport apparently apparently that's
what we got to do nowadays all right
let's get the non sleeping bug
Oliver James oh you took your pants off
haha it was like only a good idea here
hi you didn't sleep at all you little
stinker I have to say you kind of like
you have a stinky bottom you're the
silliest boy it's like I'm going crazy
I've been in here for an hour
here's so silly did you not did you not
go to sleep cuz you have a sink your
bottom you're being a monkey crazy
my god it's the opposite effect I've
just happened for you I did it
not sure how I did it but I did it I did
it putting that seat down taking the bar
out and just pushing these as far for it
as it can go so yeah it is pretty
stinking packed in there right next to
where baby always gonna be hey babe
guess what I did it but it's also time
for a new car your arms why uh yeah I've
got some battle wounds but I did it how
are we gonna do this with another kid
baby yeah we're gonna need a bigger car
yeah we're gonna need a bigger car thank
you all right Ollie you gotta say
bye-bye
Mimi's been like telling him all day
that he shouldn't go and she just dated
her he doesn't understand he's like no
hey say bye-bye to Mimi uniquenesses
we're gonna go on an adventure yeah
venture karma I know you're all excited
because you think you're going but
you're not today
you're not going karma he really thinks
he's going but he's actually gonna be
staying here with my brother they're
gonna you win time together a party too
hard okay yeah you keep Jimmy company
you mean bring Crowder over for play
yeah you know what the weather has been
gonna be like here's my wish let's go
let's go
it's actually been really nice weather
they can totally go swimming oh yeah oh
yeah Kota can be I'm probably totally
yeah like a bachelor over here yeah all
right karma I know you want to go but
you can't go look how excited he is it's
okay
I'm not a car mechanic area like now I'm
not saying goodbye I'm not saying never
say goodbye we're just saying see you
later Kay Carm see you later
look at that you
we're in a gorgeous part of LA we just
drove into a Windows XP wall maybe
that's what we did that's what it looks
like you look over there bring it home
we have been driving for a while now
again oli slept really good for like the
first hour woke up about 50 minutes
knowing it's been a little bit upset
he's ready to beyond play with his
friend actually going over to Rachel and
Byron Talbott they are another couple on
YouTube and he's kind of like more like
a beauty guru she does really really
cute group adorable videos um and he is
a chef like he makes delicious delicious
food so we're going over there we've
been talking for a while and we said we
kind of wanted to like actually meet and
she has a little boy named all of her
earth gonna let all of her and all of
her play which I've been trying to
explain to all of her all day how he's
going to go play with his friend all of
her and I think it's going to be very
confusing but I don't think that her
Oliver goes by ollie
so we'll probably just call Ollie Ollie
and Oliver Oliver very good which ones
which alright guys we just got to the
Talbots whoo got Byron and Rachael and
Ollie and Oliver look how cute look at
him he's like wait this a camera who is
that buddy here he's got a cool little
like mesh football - Oh be careful
oh yeah boys will be boys Ollie is a
little rambunctious he's been sitting a
carpet kawaras oh yeah he needs to let
off some steam don't you buddy
run around okay bye
nice to other kids yeah hey hey buddy
you wanna show how you can walk he's
learning there we go whoo killer stud
muffin
I'm gonna say that all he wasn't
influenced okay come on why he's being
such a loner go go play with the other
little boy come on come on
sake sake go over go Oliver oh you
really wanna let you off yeah so we just
took a walk with the kids down to a
little restaurant we're gonna grab
something to eat well look at this view
Oh what are you doing he's off-roading
what did you hear that babe I just heard
duck and quack quacking yes sir ducky oh
there is duckies look at
do you hear him do that it's like a
little gasp so beautiful huh yeah do you
see the doc he kind of blends in with
the water
hi ducky that is a strange-looking duck
what do you think about that buddy
they're not even quacking what are they
doing that is the weirdest sound I've
ever heard a bird make check this out
over here you guys that is a boat
parking lot pretty much at least these
fast when he crawls the car he's like
cozying up to her miss sure he's Pocono
so Byron just pointed to the water and
he's like look a fish
it was huge is like at least a five
pound largemouth bass and how did how do
how does one do that go look it was like
it's like camouflage bro yeah you have
to have fish eyes I know it's like it's
a specific shadowing oh is that it I'm a
fish nerd okay okay okay I really I just
want to find my own fish now I need my
fishing ball yeah I'm Ted you down like
a collapsible one Oh pull it out of your
pocket
you like I think the line would be an
issue though come here fishy
cry cry cry cry mom Derrick yes
quack quack huh he did it yeah like you
film him until he does that you're
having fun exploring huh buddy this is a
cool place should we get a house on a
lake I think we should yeah we're
checking in for our hotel and Ollie is
fast asleep he's still in his car seat
even we're putting on the look hair
thing can you hit get it
poor guys so tired
all right we are in our hotel we are
back from hanging out with Rachel and
hiren which was honestly so cool right
like it's just cool to have like another
young couple who like do the same thing
as us or in the same place of life as us
it's really cool his name is Brian it's
my car fire it in my husband's name is
Byron yeah yeah yeah and look at this
still asleep
we're gonna vlog now all he's still
sleeping
yes so I don't understand he's like
right out there we're just waiting for a
crib
to come to our room so he can go to
sleep yeah and actually took his car
seat and I turned it back so that he
could like he's like tilting down yeah
maybe we should just leave him in
that'll do no we get leaner but yeah but
anyway we're gonna go ahead and end
today's vlog if you guys are not
subscribed to our friends Byron or
Rachel will have their links down below
so you guys can check them out but I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog click
thumbs up if you did tomorrow he had to
floor it and then the fun hey Jerry :
Katie and as everybody my god with this
bad dog leg okay we'll see you tomorrow
bye - shut up first shocking truth
no doubt
my heart
foxy afrodite location and
