good morning Oliver April morning yeah
we're gonna go bye-bye you got your
backpack on and everything huh
morning guys I have got him up he ate
breakfast he took a bath and now he's
all dressed and ready to go huh
and I actually just discovered that you
can put your kid in the bath while you
get ready so handy-dandy usually I'm
like chasing him around and doing stuff
but I just like stuck in the bath he
hung out there for like totally long
time and um obviously I was right next
to him while I was getting ready and now
we're both ready on time huh
yay he likes to walk down if I'm holding
his hand hola amigos
that means hello friends in Spanish so
cultural this morning we realized that
we probably are not going to be able to
take a tow truck with the car because we
have a flat to toyota so that can fix
everything because we have Ollie in the
car seat and I don't know if the tow
truck would actually like take us with
it per se I'm sure we can figure it out
but would rather not so I'm gonna dig
through here and see if I can find a
spare tire and I think it's actually
under this whole thing
oops I don't know if that was supposed
to come out I see it do you see it we
got this thingy and this thingy and this
thingy which we are very vital to
changing a tire we're gonna get really
technical today okay we need the
thingies good you need the main thingy
which is a tire oops there's money
falling out of my tire I don't know
where that came from people refer to
this as a donut it's a tire it's not a
donut I tasted it back there it's not
it's not don't eat this now we have all
the stuff to change the flat tires and
let's get started with that that's
really gonna take me like two hours
just kidding I've changed tires before
should only take me like an hour and 45
minutes we're gonna get these loosen
just a tad before we lift the car
we're gonna use this thingy and this
thing is gonna get this thingy to go up
I'm pretty sure this is not how you do
it gonna raise this thing just luck sue
son all right
entire Oh comes right off
now let's put this non tasty doing it on
so I just took the tire off and I set it
in the back of the Prius and I think I
may have found the reason why it's flat
apparently you're not supposed to drive
over nails look at that nail wedged
right in there crazy
just me and Brian I need see no baby we
got rid of the baby we ditch the kid
it's definitely our getting the car
fixed finally got the donut on and we're
driving to Toyota and it's just it's
easier yeah and Brian just inform you
that we're at zero miles yeah we have
zero miles left no more gas so I'm
driving a TV mode which is the battery
motor I know we were low on gas
apparently we had 34 miles 34 miles only
laughing I'm like it is not 34 miles
away yeah so we got we're like here is
your mom I'm not using any gas oh I'm
using just the Evie mode on the Prius
yeah this has a nice battery it has
reserve so yeah so yes
I'm kind of panicking but I think it'll
be fine anyways yeah we're gonna get the
car fixed and then we're actually gonna
go get a couple things done around here
and brian has been talking a lot about
getting a bigger better car um this is
okay and everyone's been pointing out in
the comments - this car has not been
reliable it's scandalous I love it Missy
but it stranded us in LA overnight that
is not good with a case not good yeah I
agree I think that we do need something
a little bit more reliable as well as a
Prius for like little things but I think
like if we're going on like longer
we need to have a car that is big and
you know that we can take places so I am
like if we got an accident that's we
could get hurt but like in a big ice
hockey type car like we're just so much
safer please don't let us run out of gas
anymore turned off turn on Aviva okay I
can't go over 25 miles an hour
okay people are so mad at us right now
he's are so slow okay it's sad we have
over 30 miles of gas left come on almost
got it
you get rid of the mud hey Hollywood eat
what are you doing changing the
sprinkler the sprinkler line broke I
need someone to help dig the hole all
right so we are in a Toyota Sequoia and
Missy's parents are sending us the
cutest footage of Olli that you guys
have seen because I'm putting it in the
vlog but um yeah this is the Sequoia and
it's bigger than we thought like the
Durango was kind of in the middle
between the Sequoia and then that's the
Highlander I think we're gonna take the
Highlander out for a little ride
but the Highlander just seems a little
too small like I do want something big
but not this big I want to feel safe in
it but yeah we're checking out Toyota
first and then I think we're going to do
a Ford and Chevy is it Chevy or Chevy
Chevy Chevy you do not think it's Chevy
I don't know I'm not like heavy okay
Chevy we definitely ought to check out
the Chevy Traverse goes in there goes
down there with the sprinkler traffic
see the sprinkler yeah they're trying to
fix that
do we get it we got it out of the ground
got the part that's it
I just gotta replace that don't we and
we're good to go
I know you somehow you got into the mind
I don't know how what a weird sounds so
we just picked up the car from Toyota
turns out it couldn't do the tire so we
just dropped the cop for the second time
yeah so they fix like the belated like
oil change maintenance stuff now it's
doing the tire it's been like four hours
yeah it's been crazy but we test-drove a
lot of cars today and it was really fun
and we got to see the ones that we liked
and stuff and now we're getting some
stuff we're headed over to the vitamin
shop to get some stuff cuz Missy wants
to get stuff for me for when I go to
Cambodia I'll start taking vitamins now
yeah what is the world coming to all
these people were passing in the car
they're like what do they do it begins
with B barber baby bubbles in a bumble
bee Big B little D what begins with D
don't attend a duck dog DVD yeah yeah
the duck dog that's a camel okay he's so
patient though every time they fall he
just he's like oh I was restock those up
it doesn't really frustrate him so
you're doing really good look at you
look at this kid you guys had way too
much fun
it's hilarious
hey kiddo hey
huh he's like don't wake me
what do we do do you bring stroller
we're looking for a blanket we could
wrap him up in and I found this because
small this is like a little burp rag
oh really it's so cute though pile stuff
pile of old baby stuff yep you're gonna
use this jacket yeah I'll just like
wrapping around wait what's that he had
so much fun at Mimi and Papa's wall
so up
come on buddy Oh
got it all right you guys Mimi and Papa
it's so good watching only all day today
that we're treating them to a little CPK
all he's watching himself look at him
he's literally dancing he's so excited
like I got bread
are you happy buddy oh yeah you got to
share that margarita pizza Jim Missy and
I are splitting the pesto cream penne
and I got to tell you it's like a fight
every time we do trims like you get to
divvy up the exact amount of shrimp
otherwise Missy will eat all my shrimp
you a story
we're round parkour as you think parkour
 are these kids are like hanging she
do it oh my goodness are they man I
think they really are trying to do
parkour parkour parkour parkour parkour
just jumped up and done parkour parkour
parkour parkour parkour
fire car alright guys i sat down with
dinner with my family and we're headed
home and I'm kind of stressing to this a
little bit later than usual because
usually we like to have all embedded but
we're just kind of you know going
whatever do whenever my dad's doing
awful because it's President's Day so we
thought well we should go out with
everybody
thank your presidents because it's
presidents there you go um whoa right
look at all that light uh anyway so
we're gonna go ahead and the vlog but I
want to let you guys know I'm kind of
stressing because I'm going to edit the
vlog tonight and this will be the very
first daily vlog that I edited and it's
kind of nerve-wracking because I have
never edited a daily vlog before and
Brian leaves on Thursday and then I will
be in charge of the editing of all the
daily vlogs for the rest of the week oh
I'm very stressed about it but fun I'm
not worried I know how to do it I just I
don't know I it's it's a different kind
of editing and it's it just seems like a
lot like taking on all the
responsibilities of YouTube and our
child and our wife you know that's a lot
of responsibility so I hope that I can
live up to all everyone's expectations
and I can do a good job anyone watching
has a new Ford Explorer or a new Toyota
Highlander
tell us what you think about them
because I think it's between those two
yeah for sure
I drove a lot of cars today it was fun
and I think I decided like already left
Ford Explorer like the fornix land I'm
kind of leaning toward the Toyota yeah
so anyways let me know how I did editing
this vlog I'm really nervous about it
all right we'll see you guys tomorrow
I'll give the vlog thumbs up if you
liked it
that's why wouldn't you like it I mean
whoever was just so cute you're so cute
all right I'm gonna miss you I don't
know what I'm gonna do kitty all right
look you guys smell things you ready to
have fun and run around the park and
play and brawling me like yes yes take
me does that mean yes well I don't know
how far we're gonna get with this that
is a flat tire these gentlemen Oh
