this is home
I am
wrong
morning the guy I made you pancakes and
bananas and blueberries you want some of
that
good morning just made Ollie some
breakfast he's got some fruit and a
green juice and some pancakes I think
I'm gonna make myself a green juice for
breakfast don't really feel like
anything right now I've had my coffee
this morning and it woke me up right to
get up early this morning but what am I
gonna put in my smoothie miski got kale
okay
guess I could put a carrot in there kale
is so weird
mmm chopping up a carrot took the dirty
end of it no one wants a dirty under
care
not a mango
no my hair right now what is going on
what is this what is this right here
yeah I was watching The Today Show this
morning and it was interesting because
they showed a clip from the Fifty Shades
of Grey the movie and I'm actually
really excited to see the movie comes
out on Valentine's Day
and I actually did listen to like the
first five hours of the audiobook and I
have to say the book is so cheesy I
don't understand it's like it's really
nothing special to me the book I do kind
of like the storyline I think it's
pretty much so movies should be a lot of
fun
Missy's really excited to Valentine's
Day is right before I leave for Cambodia
so I'm gonna get to see it with her
before they fire how much of a song it's
really doing
ha that Kel is different I'm really used
to spinach but we have to mix it up and
the carrot is actually very refreshing
just thrown a carrot in there
morning karma how are you good are you
get all the bananas and blueberries that
Olli drops
huh he's like yes this is my spot
hey it finally organized all my Polaroid
so far I have been putting them in these
little carriers temporarily but I picked
up this awesome book I remember some
random website that does stuff for
Polaroids and it's just a really great
book to have on the shelf and to put all
your polaroid pictures in so I have a
picture of my chalkboard wall with all
that this is home lyrics on it by this
is how my iTunes link below in the
description and these are just the first
pictures that we took with our instant
camera but I finally have them all
organized you guys and then we have that
this is home music video shoot and then
our travels to Utah here's some pictures
of my birthday dinner with Jared and
Ellie Ollie climbing on the pig and then
I got some cool photos of my mom and
sister when they surprised me for my
birthday which was awesome and then we
got pictures of Ellie and Jared finally
at the shark reef and then just a couple
of photos that we took a volley being a
troublemaker stealing cookies out of the
cookie jar so I'm probably gonna need
like four more of these for the year
good morning guys I have my vlog today
and I feel kind of bad about it so I'm
vlogging now and we're headed to Ollie's
18 month well visit I've already filmed
his 18 month update and so I'm really
excited to see what the official numbers
are for like his percentage and stuff
like that Ollie are you getting
impatient figuring out how to crack the
lock yeah you want to push it that's
okay and then what happened
rah-rah-rah did what no way what what
that's not cool of her yeah and then
what did mama say okay we're back
did data have anything to say about it
oh yeah you don't want to get involved
yeah you dinner okay yeah that was the
end of it
what are you doing you're getting your
you're out of wealth is it buddy I know
but we can't right now what's in there
are there any tacos in there no I know
we can't play though right now yeah but
you're here for your well visit oli oli
what did the doctor say
Olly did the doctor show you what was in
your ears
yeah ears yeah and their nose yeah she
did she check your nose Claire
did you check your nose yeah go you
cannot touch that
yeah mama locked it so you kick it in
there anymore is that annoying yeah
she's gonna be right in you you never
put on any underwear Ali you're wearing
a diaper
what is that you just want to go I don't
like not today
you want to go by but in the cars
because you have to go to well visit
Olli
okay the doctors in the car so if you're
okay just holding him you could pick
them up
Oh messing your song lady prick damn I'm
sorry love
are you okay now yeah you still you
still happy oh you got hang now are you
okay now oh yeah did she get you you did
so good I only cried for like ten
seconds and then you were all better
okay
he's such a big boy you're so strong
mm-hmm thank you
alright so we are at Babies R Us No bye
bye baby
we have babies in Russia by the way the
doctor actually said to make sure that
we're reading five books a night so we
found some really cool cheap books for
Olli and I were just getting some other
stuff ready for our trip like a really
cool iPad protector Sue's on sale for 20
bucks score he's like buy me all the
things okay oh you got a vacuum he loves
that
and you got a ball and a backpack that's
cool huh
oh my gosh all I just got on this bike
and he like loves it
it's like the perfect size for him Oh
actually you can leave this Brian we
have to get him one for yours look at
that and then you move all see little
weird huh like I just want to push it
with my toes
that is so amazing how much you can
adjust it I know that's just that turns
into a really small bike he's gonna
learn to ride a bicycle in the store see
his birthday is until July look what we
got you ollie cuz mommy and daddy forgot
your stroller he's gonna go shopping
with mommy
because you see lost uhh rock paper
scissors
sorry babe fair and square okay we're
taking turns okay
he loves his car at home so I bet he'll
love this
whoa yeah that's how you turn buddy Oh
daddy adieu we're letting Ollie run
around for a little bit because we just
been inside shopping and he's been in
that fungal heart which he actually
really liked and enjoyed but now he's
like I need a run so now he's running
around come here come here come here
I'll save you I'll save you come here oh
he's gonna fly only flies are ready
ready to have rockets for legs all right
you guys I'm going to call it a vlog I'm
gonna call that a vlog everything we
just did that was a lot if you guys have
not bought this is home on iTunes link
below in the description as well thank
you guys for watching today's vlog give
it a thumbs up up the opposite of this
don't do this do this good bad good bad
puppies taxes kittens forgetting just
take the trash out on trash day thanks
for watching sub subscribe to our
channel if you're new and will she come
on behind
the time frame though
why
lady Han this
yeah yeah
