Wow good morning guys and happy
Valentine's Day it's Valentine's Day to
know that I'm supposed to be happy and
love you Oh everything's gone off
we've got waffles Macon and bacon Macon
and a baby
judge getting really really upset happy
Valentine's Day you guys Brian is
actually so bad I'm just making up some
breakfast about waffles bacon
I've got fruit grapes oranges and
bananas
we got cards Valentine's Day cards and
we're ready to celebrate the day with a
very relaxing
fun day and I'm making breakfast for the
fam I've got two ruffles done and I've
got one more in here for Ollie
I tried to make heart waffles but that
is like apparently impossible just like
spread out and just like looks weird
so regular waffles it is huh yeah and
got bacon you don't like bacon not your
snotty mess all right breakfast is
served
feast ooh what's going on up there got
waffles and bacon and fruit and and
apple juice and orange juice the whole
feast I love you how are you look he's
even gonna grab his waffles YUM you made
breakfast yeah happy Valentine's Day I
wish I had strawberry so we would have
the red OOP hey oli took a very good nap
didn't you
Junichi look at him he's loving this
naturebox pineapple the big island
pineapple mmm
daddy have a bite honey no he woke up
with a really strange rash and I know it
doesn't really look like a rash babe do
you think it's from the heat
maybe his room was too hot or something
he did have roseola right after his
fever was all done which is really
normal
a good sign up he's uh his fevers all
done
hi happy Valentine's Day mmm yeah I love
you look at these awesome cards Missy
God well this is from Missy and this is
from Ollie thank you so much Ollie you
picked out this card for me and like
it's so cute because it says I love you
this much and then that's actually his
hand how'd you do that
these ladies hair down I traced it you
like totally was okay with it
that's so cute I love it I'm gonna be a
real dog I know you've been wanting a
puppy for a while so I got you this way
it's boo I really want like a real love
it and that's cute stuff and I'm you
Reese's I know you love cards I got your
card you have to read it out loud and
show it have your ticket baby because
the Love Train is about to pull out oh
yeah
catch me on Thursday for concepci√≥n
only so much I love you
isn't that awesome yeah yeah I also get
you one more thing okay and I know
you've been looking at it for a while
okay and it will help with editing oh I
didn't know what color to get you so I
just got you read and I figure if you
want to get a different color we can go
somewhere he's got me beat yeah there's
a solo ones the ones that go on your ear
mm-hmm so you can edit with I don't you
want to can't be done ah this is boo ah
you like boo Missy he loves boo you want
a little pop you like that
hey dad's knees make this a real one
this is all we've been doing all day
this has been a really lazy Valentine's
Day I feel like I'm not we haven't sat
on the couch all day long in two years
we watched two movies we watched life
after Beth which was hilarious as Aubrey
Plaza and then what was the other one it
was love rose love Rose is like a weird
British romantic comedy actor
yeah we've been just trying to take it
easy today just for always getting bored
but like all he's so bright seriously
have been on taking a day to stay in my
pajamas all day to sit on the couch in a
long long long long long time we used to
do that all the time like just sit on
the couch all day long yeah like on days
off we'd watch Netflix you know when you
like work a job and then when you get
home you're like okay it's the weekend
I'm not doing anything yeah okay
I think it's just a mixture of being
kind of sick still but also just wanting
to relax it's really weird for me to
call this dog bucks actually had a dog
named boo oh yeah he was our family dog
all chewing up boo he's the cutest the
world's cutest dog yeah that's his
official title
he is make yeah he is the dog of a
facebook employee like viral that's the
cutest dog in the world
oh hi karma karma I saw what I think
this is all we're gonna do I
I would say this is a successful
Valentine's Day I love you thank you I
don't need a day to tell you I love you
but I do love you I agree I tell you I
love you all every day right mm-hm
so like there's the two different
schools of thoughts like people don't
like Valentine's Day because it's too
commercial and stuff and I totally get
that but at the same time I and I used
to feel like that I think but now I feel
like yeah we are supposed to like show
love all throughout the year but
sometimes you forget to really do those
special things and so Valentine's Day is
the day that you can do it doesn't mean
you're not supposed to do it all year
round and stuff like that shouldn't
surprise you more huh yeah I mean we
should surprise each other more we
should do something like that more often
but we don't sometimes we forget and so
Valentine's Day is just a reminder like
hey you should do this more often so I
like Valentine's Day and it is
commercial but I think it's what you
make it you doesn't have to be
commercial it can be just laying on the
couch all day because that's what you
guys want to do so like all we've been
doing today
is eating food and relaxing but that's
okay it's been a really awesome Saturday
I got noodles boiling alfredo sauce
that I whip together from scratch and
then I just floured up some little steak
pieces and I'm going to grill those up
nice and medium rare and make almost
like a steak alfredo what's going on
over here making lots of noise sucking
in boogers out and he gets mad so I let
him suck my boogers out right we're
trying to make the nose free to fun cuz
it's not fun thank God he does not like
it
Oh Oh careful he took the end off you
okay kiddo all right I love you happy
Valentine's Day yeah and you're gonna go
to bed and mommy and I are gonna eat a
nice dinner Hey ahh
yeah we'll see you tomorrow all right
going with Mama all right we've got Olli
all ready for babies jammies new jammies
huh and now we're going to read this
cute little book that we just picked up
it's called we belong together and it's
pretty cute leave along together even
together like men
things like peanut butter yeah
excuse you like a pencil is drawn to
paper baby you're my perfect pair um in
that cute actually really like this book
just cuz the artwork is just so like
cool and and interesting and bright like
this one he always goes again like we
gotta sit on a chair and read it grab
another book cool read another one don't
bring another book okay well just gonna
pick that one again alright daddy loves
me you can say begin again read it again
on a night night club say night night
right here
night night night yeah day night night
right night I got the noodles and I
poured sauce on look at this mean babe
yeah isn't it smells so good yeah I just
did it with like flour and a little
Italian seasonings I don't want to
overcook it like I want it to be like
medium rare almost yeah hey Carla hey
come hey come on
good night Jeff go Valentine's Day did
you have a good valid what's that is it
a camera
hmm all right karma we're gonna go to
bed now hope you guys enjoyed today's
video if you did give it a pop up get it
like thumbs up but a paw uh thank you
guys for watching we'll see you tomorrow
hope you had a good Valentine's Day let
us know what you did in there
you're with me
love me
