thank you yeah we're gonna set the fog
okay good morning you say good morning
all he has the hiccups right now and
it's cute and sad
I don't really remembered you getting
hiccups since you were just a little guy
and now you're a big guy laying around
on your little whore
and you got the hiccups be careful can
you go to the slide
c'mere Lee come down the slide you can
do it I believe in you you got a soft
Olaf at the bottom to pad your fall okay
come on go in go down the slide you got
it you got it you got it yay good job
give off a hug was that fun though that
was awesome
okay yeah you can rent this now you know
how to do it right push the button push
it there we go
come on come on come on there you go
turn a little go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go wait oh wait
wait you're gonna crash oh we turn you
around god
oh no he just needs the Lord of steer
and then he'd be golden okay come on
come this side
you're like a biker baby you're a biker
baby did you know that how stinking cute
is that you guys he's on his motorcycle
that's amazing
he just hops on and pushes the button
and drives okay okay okay
you have to keep moving it now for him
and go how's it going today guys it's
Saturday and I'm ready for the day all
he's ready for the day we've just been
hanging out and actually waiting for the
car to get here because Cassie drove it
our car to her house last night
because Missi didn't want to take her
home and I don't really want to take her
home so we're like just take our car so
now we're kind of stranded waiting for
maybe all he can drive us in his
motorcycle huh
what Clampett I cannot for the life of
me understand what he's saying but you
guys are actually really good at it and
letting us know like with a timestamp
and what he's saying so throughout this
vlog and throughout our vlogs before we
can actually understand all Eve feel
free to timestamp like the time of the
vlog and what he said and I'd love going
back and reading them it's amazing
because he probably is trying to say
those things he hears us talk all the
time right ollie he's a fast learner
this kid oh oh oh go Allie go go go go
go go
my parents bring over the car because we
didn't have it and my dad came in and he
already started doing Papa stuff like
fixing the highchair and he that was
what I know to be Big Brother I get to
use my drill um anyways he's actually
wearing this shirt that one of our
subscribers sent to us it says proud
papa and then on the back it says gift
giving toy toy repairing candy buying
fun supplying story telling grandkids
spoiling Papa it's so cute and my mom
actually has one too it's the same thing
that it says proud Mimi and then it says
like Mimi stuff on the back and I was
like dad you're wearing it you're the
proud papa oh it's so cute it makes me
happy this is why you do not give a
granola bar to a kid in a child seat
mommy I'm a mess
Ollie what you do it's all over you yeah
we are at Michaels and we are doing a
little bit of preparing for Super Bowl
and actually you guys are really spongy
hang on that's better um Missy wants to
make his ookies for everyone like for
dessert sounds so good so we're looking
through these pans we found these ones
which are actually perfect they're just
like mini round pans and they come three
in a set so all we needs two sets we all
got our own pan smaller than Melinda
like oh they are a tad smaller huh but
we can probably make them a little
thicker even yeah and we can make
another one yeah look at all this cool
pants of them is took it you can make a
mermaid ah they give you the top of the
mermaid there anything else you want
clear pressed designer yeah the
decorating things they have for baking
is definitely crazy
what are you guys doing this is actually
pretty ironic
fix the drill
fix the drill he's so bummed
oh the batteries are dead look we got
new batteries yep
it doesn't matter okay yeah now can you
can get so much more work done around
the house none of your gels working
again huh
did you put up ah it's working all right
go fix your go fix your highchair
I caught him over here trying to fix it
but a screwdriver wasn't working and
here's all you get it gotta get right on
there huh you got to press the button
like this yeah put it up to it and fix
it you can do it
no you tip it it's definitely breaking
no it's working fine it's not like the
best it's it's dying you got a hammer to
use huh no hammer hammer this is not
broken fix it there we go he does the
little black things he sees the black
ones on there any like once like hammer
the men yep they're all nice and tight
now come on
thank you for bath get up here do you
think I do daddy
say night-night that time is done huh
your bath is done you're all ready for
bed and now you want to read this book
he loves this book and at first I used
to like this is such a boring book
nothing's going on
but I've been using it more as like a
it's like where's the kittens and
where's the mittens and the fire and he
really enjoys like looking for things
and like trying to point at them and
it's kind of a fun book but he is very
adamant about reading books before bed
now sometimes I'm like let's just skip
the book and he's like it if you like
handing the book like I have to read a
book just so funny if you guys remember
like a few months ago about like when he
was like a year old I was really really
trying to push the books and he would
like cry scream he would like run away
from me if I tried to read a book to him
and now he just loves it so it just goes
to show if you keep up with it if you
just keep pushing books that they will
come around and they will learn to enjoy
both yeah because we love reading books
huh that does that the good night moon
book this is when you used to eat your
books because you didn't like to UM
actually read them so you ate them
alright let's read the book we're gonna
read the book now
Missy's wearing a playlist laughs shared
cuz playlist live is next week so we're
really excited to meet a bunch of you
guys and take oli and enjoy the Florida
weather which I hope is pretty is it
pretty some strong videos like 70
degrees and so it's probably about what
it is here I don't know if it'll be warm
enough to go swimming but I'm excited
just like be there hang out with all of
our friends like literally every single
one of our friends that are on YouTube
are gonna be there so it's awesome
really really excited about it I want to
talk to you guys about something there
was a comment on yesterday's vlog I kind
of just wanted to address it because it
kind of needed it was something I need
to remind you guys about but the comment
was basically like talking about how
this person is sick of hearing us talk
about this is home which is my new song
that I just released because you guys
don't know that I haven't been something
to be talking about it forever and
they're like I'm so sick of hearing
about this is home and I just want to
remind you guys like these daily vlogs
are for us to share with you our
struggles and our life and our fun and
the things that we're thinking and the
things that were planning and and it's
this ongoing conversation with basically
ourselves and you guys and we feel so
blessed to be able to like have you guys
join us on this and enjoy what we do and
enjoy watching our life and you know
making an impact and I think that's
really great we can't really like make
our vlogs how you want to see them
because yeah it's kind of just what we
want to show and and what how we want to
share it and what's going on yeah like
there might be things going on that we
don't really like yeah and there might
be things that I talk about that I don't
really like to talk about but it's on
it's on the vlog because that's what
life is you know and and I think just
people saying things like that it's kind
of like a form of censorship and we
don't really want to censor ourselves
for you know what our main purpose is
which is capturing our life as it is in
this moment right here with this camera
so that we can go back and watch these
for every another thing to remember is
that there are so many people watching
these vlogs and everyone has a different
personality and everyone wants to see
something different and we there's no
way possible for us to well you know
make out one thing and put it another
we're kind of just have to like this
something we're excited about and we're
gonna talk about it and yeah and I still
am excited it's only been 10 days you
guys so yeah if you're sick of the song
I mean slow down you're listening to it
too much on me oh really my god like I
can't listen to it because I'll listen
do it like every conference on repeat
and then I'll get sick of it so he's
like this he doesn't want to get sick of
it I only listen to it once Mel is like
wait yeah not to work yeah but you loved
it he's just so afraid of going sick of
it so don't get sick of it yeah it was
good what that's the thing you guys is
like the song is a really big part of my
life like I spent money I took time and
I worked my butt off to write and record
and master and film and everything for
this so it means a lot to me right now
and it might not mean a lot to me in a
week or two but it does right now and
that's what's important and I no matter
what that song is gonna mean oh yeah
totally
that song is like the epitome of what
our channel represents and our
relationship and everything go and in
all of his music anything I mean it's
something that he's proud of and he's
gonna talk about it so and I have no
problem yeah and Miss yes Missy has
things that she talks about that she's
proud of that I'm like boring gonna put
him in the vlog anyway you know like
it's just an ik
yeah it's just us you guys that's all
but we also want to you know say thank
you to everyone we know that we have so
much support totally this is just one
like comment section that happened and
it just basically wanted me to remind
you guys like what we're doing on it's
not the amount of love and the amount of
people that have shown support for this
song and just love the song and love how
much we love it here we are talking
about the song I know this person is
getting annoyed and by this is home on
iTunes link below in the description no
but we love you guys thank you so much
for supporting us you guys totally blown
our minds of the amount of support that
we've received anything and we could
have never imagined it in our entire
life like that one day we have so much
support in our life it's just not
something that happens to most people so
we're we feel very very blessed and
thankful even if no one liked that song
even if as long as you liked it I agree
that's all that matters yep
alright we're gonna go ahead a day's log
give it a thumbs up because I told you
to and leave a comment with your
favorite waffle recipe we've eating a
lot of waffles favorite waffle recipe
we'll make it on the blog if you see it
z eating here we go and now the moment
we've all been waiting for
this is hole made hollandaise sauce the
maze I made it from scratch
just kidding had no idea that came from
a pocket
you want more coming book all paprika on
it now
