you want to swing three to pick of his
legs after
I
good morning people of the World Wide
Web this morning started out pretty
Blair like three or four in the morning
I woke up with this insane sick feeling
and my stomach which usually means that
I'm about to have food poisoning I just
feels like there's like food in my
stomach that's like rotting and gross
and it just it's like it's like
physically painful and so sure enough
the next hour after that I spent puking
and it was I just took so much out of me
and I don't understand why this keeps
happening to me and I understand what it
could be because I made that meat in the
crock-pot but Missy ate that too and she
feels fine I don't know it's Missy
actually I think Missy and I actually
ate all the same exact foods yesterday
so I don't know what could be making me
feel like this sick like this but it
sucks because it just takes so much
energy out of you I feel like poo
because I was late getting the vlog up
so if you're waiting for yesterday's
vlog I apologize I had it up and then I
fell asleep just because I was so
exhausted but I finally have it up now
it's like 11 o'clock I really just need
to get out about it and take a shower
hey being sick you guys good morning
guys so Oliver is actually taking a nap
and I'm getting ready to make a green
smoothie for him I'm actually gonna make
one for him and um Bryan
cuz if you guys didn't know Bryan
actually woke up in the middle of the
night last night what happened in that
bathroom was absolutely horrific Bryan
get sick like this food poisoning type
sickness quite often really super weird
because I mean we have eaten all the
same things and I am not sick at all did
not get sick at all I literally thought
he was dying or that I was gonna have to
take him to the hospital because
it sounds so bad it literally lasted
about 30 minutes and then he kind of
took a shower and had to like relax for
a little while and of course he woke up
really sore but it's gone like usually
also food poisoning last like hours so
like I said I'm making him and oli a
green smoothie and I'm right now cutting
up apples so I've got everything all cut
up for the green smoothie I'm going to
show you what I've got on here we've got
a lot going on so we've got strawberries
and pineapple spinach and orange carrot
blueberries apple semeth anything else
and normally when you make green
smoothies you definitely do not have to
like peel stuff but I unfortunately did
not buy organic we were just at Target
and they don't really sell a lot of
organic and so if it's not organic
usually it's not gonna be good to like
use the peel and
all right I've got Brian here he's going
to try it actually ended up adding
bananas for the end because I forgot it
a little tart yeah yeah but do you think
maybe some apple juice let's not add it
up yeah but just because apostle now for
my smoothie my smoothies gonna be a lot
more simple so it's just gonna be ice
apples strawberries some oranges orange
juice and spinach good morning look at
this kid wrapping his daily bumps
t-shirt you like that you can get your
own at daily bumps merch calm Ollie's
actually fits him now it's a I think
it's a 2t and it fits him what's going
on downstairs huh come on I was making
you a smoothie it's gonna be so yummy
let's go see the smoothie mommy made for
you you want to try it out you see look
at him repping the DB shirt it fits them
pretty good too look at Ali enjoying
that green smoothie you like it buddy
I did want to say too on the murse you
guys we're having a special right now
running until February 3rd and you can
get free shipping on all orders of $30
or more so if you get a shirt for your
little guy or girl and then a shirt for
yourself you'll probably get free
shipping so if you guys wanted to check
that out I'll have a link below in the
description
hey Ali how old are you how do you show
how old how old are you Oliver
how old are you Oliver I think daddy's
making gee he's telling you the answers
he doesn't everyone smile when he feels
like it I'm not gonna stay yeah a ton of
it this morning and I actually even got
it on camera and instagrammed it it's
the cutest freaking video ever called
are you because he like has to think
about it for like a second he's like but
we're at Cole's right now we're just
looking at some clothes because we're
gonna do playlist live and we kind of
wanted to get some fresh clothes for it
because we're gonna be on panels yeah
yeah and I don't know what it is but
like I feel like my clothes get so
boring after like a couple months so I'm
ready for some some fresh clothes like
summer wear these on the panel you can
actually so I can just be your thing
Brian wear sweats to everyone day I
don't want to be known as a bit then
don't wear the sweats to the panel going
home I went to Ulta guys
oh yeah that's not your car can
operation car skid is silly
I like Ulta trips like that when Missy
has something to return you know because
he returned it and then you bought
something else and you bought something
else and it was like $8.00 and I was
like thank you for not spending all my
money at Ulta I accidentally got
something and I returned it and yeah I
worked out you want to swing three two
no he always forgets to pick up his legs
after all right we've got chicken
grilling and Bryan's cutting up some
cilantro with scissors yeah that easier
I think it's easier
you got oranges can you guys guess what
we're making yet oh you didn't seen this
we also got wontons we're gonna be doing
homemade Asian chicken satay Yemen and
we actually also have actual dress see
yes we have the actual dressing from
Panera if I can find it
Khedira Asian sesame vinaigrette
yeah so I think me good I'm excited
about it I love their Asian chicken so I
was like no I could totally do this at
home yeah we dropped by today and got a
much better yeah all he definitely
wouldn't eat so always eating something
else that is super super super super
excited
we aren't if you guys don't know all
these will not eat like any chicken so
we have to find other ways to like get
protein and stuff but I always try to
give them chicken and you usually won't
eat it but today I made him it's
actually a frozen type of chicken but
it's like I'm right good cool target
they're getting fresh mighty meaty
chicken meatballs yeah a little bit of
cheese and vegetables like yeah yeah and
I know a lot of people like you
shouldn't be your kid like frozen stuff
at this way I seriously don't care I've
tried everything to get like chicken in
hand and I was like let's try this and
he's actually eating it um he's like
grabbing it let me here look at that
yum good job so he's almost eaten like
for like chicken meatballs which I'm
like super excited about um and he's
forgetting second green juice of the day
he was like making me want to cry for a
while like he just wouldn't eat and I
think he obviously got out of that and
now he's eating but now not only is he
eating
but he's eating healthier stuff and I'm
real excited I feel like I'll be able to
experiment with more chickens if you
know he starts to eat this chicken it's
so good I'm so proud of you all right
you guys that is it for another day in
our life Ali's getting a rubdown
he's got dry skin yes you do I do hot
weather really messed up you oh but he
gets a nice little massage every night
don't you yeah and you're reading your
flip top Bible you're flipping top Bible
right you're learning about Jesus yeah
every night Missy gives him a little
baby massage and then he reads a bit a
book and goes to bed and it's the cutest
thing ever
we're gonna go ahead and end today's
vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it click
thumbs up if you did and we will see you
guys tomorrow
we say by the cameras coming to you the
cameras direct
vote for like six hours
besides to keep us really and inflated
on
it's signal long slow cooker is like
living up to its
