where's all serious are you having fun
in there okay bye
this is home
I am
oh good morning guys
stop looking at my hair I really need
the haircut I'm gonna call him make a
haircut appointment today because I
definitely need one
well foreplay that's life good morning
how's it going guys yes I still have all
the lyrics - this is home on my
chalkboard wall probably need to clean
that off but I have to get a bottle of
coke coca-cola that helped so much last
time so I'm definitely gonna do it again
all he's actually still sleeping
and I think Missy's getting ready for
the day and I am going over all of the
Polaroid shots that we took on vacation
some of these are before we left on
vacation - but here's Missy and I with
Ellie's parents who were amazing during
our trip to Utah on there's Ellie's mom
and Ollie she was so cute to him she was
so amazing to watch them like twice - so
that was really cool oh that's a really
good picture of Ellie and Jared I'm not
sure if I was supposed to take this one
or let them have it got a cute picture
of Ellie and Missy some pics from the
photo shoot got some pictures from the
video shoot of this is home and check
this out you guys this is a picture of
Ollie in front of the shark tank at the
shark reef in Vegas I actually got the
shark to go behind him while taking it
and of course you can't really see it
very well but that's kind of just the
nature of instant photos I still like it
though so I have a bunch of these little
books and stuff that you can put
polaroid pictures in so I'm going to
start just organizing them these have a
couple of pictures from the photo shoot
for the album cover these have a couple
of pictures from when I first got the
camera so I'm gonna see which one I want
to put them in basically have all our
travels in these little cool books this
morning I also need to get our dinner
going and the new crock pot that we just
got which I'm actually so stoked for it
was on sale at Target I think for $10
off which is why we we bit the bullet
cuz we were like I bet there's a lot of
cool things we can cook and there is
there's so many I was spending all
morning looking at recipes to get so I
think I'm actually going to make another
trip to the grocery store to grab some
things that we can cook in the slow
cooker this week but tonight I think
we're going to do some shredded beef
tacos so I got this
top round roast it's only one and a half
pounds because it's only like three of
us so I'm gonna throw that in there with
a little bit of this gamble slow cooker
shredded beef sauce I could probably
make my own but this just makes it like
even easier and I'm probably gonna use
like half of it too
yes drop it in LAC show who it smells
good you guys
I'm only gonna use like half of this cuz
I don't have a whole lot of meat pour
that all over just lack day out and then
let's turn this thing on for the first
time we want to cook on low said low for
like 6 hours and then I love this lid
because it's got these little snaps on
the side to keep it really tight and
insulated go OOP is it on how do you
know when it's on I mean I guess it's on
right it's taking a long time it's a
slow cooker and it's like living up to
its name I don't I don't know what it's
doing right now morning guys
all I just got up from his nap came here
yeah and he grabbed another stuffed
animal when he got up and he just wanted
to like hug it and stuff Oh Nick you'd
know he's in bed um good morning guys I
only woke up not so happy again yeah so
all I was definitely not feeling so
great this morning so I actually made
him an appointment um just to make sure
that he's okay I'm sure he's fine but I
just wanted to take him in to the doctor
and have her like check his chest and
stuff because he definitely has
something in his chest you're a bit
congested huh you're happy now yeah he
woke up and he just was really grouchy
this morning but he took a really solid
two hour nap so that was nice you should
have a good nap huh do you take a good
nap you like that thing hi
and now actually my mom's headed over
because I really want to start making
green smoothies and she has a really
good blender that she wanted to bring
over and make with me and
and hopefully I kind of want to start
getting Ollie into green smoothies he
used to drink them like when he was
little like just starting out stop I
think he just started deciding he didn't
like them anymore but I try it again and
I would love it if you would like green
smoothies because he definitely just I
don't feel like he's getting a lot of
nutrition he likes green smoothies that
that would be amazing so we're gonna
make those boy lunch alright so we have
the Vitamix here and there's all kinds
of good stuff in here we've got banana
OOP spinach blueberries there's some
apple and pineapple oh and also some
strawberries there's all kinds of like
really yummy fruits in here so it should
be good this is one I won't be eating
cuz I do not like banana in my smoothies
me and my mom my mom's here
me and my mom do not like bananas in
like anything but Bryan likes it and I
think all I will like it cuz I because
obviously it makes um your smoothie like
much more creamier and stuff I just
don't like the banana flavor well so
yeah we're gonna add some orange juice
and some ice
all right we've got our smoothie and
Ollie is actually super excited to try
it so we're going to just pour it right
in here and it's definitely not very
green but it's got lots of good stuff in
here I think of that oh good sailing
oh I'm so happy
good yeah mm-hmm mom you like figs yeah
yeah I'm gonna get some fruits and we
get these veggies in yeah Missy made me
a green smoothie but it's not really
green it's like brown it's like brown
purple great I like it when the bright
green - you put spinach in ago yeah it
has blueberries all right okay and all
he's drinking his - hey mmm I think so
did you put a lot in mmm
and all he likes it so that's cool huh
where's Holly there he is
are you having fun in there okay bye
where's Holly
there he is where's Holly
there is
what if I don't say anything I felt dead
oh hi
busy still does this hi he used to do
this all the time when he was little and
now you haven't done in a while but he's
doing it again what what Ali come out
here and talk to me where's the what
okay bye I can't understand you
he has a distinct language right now and
I want to know what he's saying so badly
I am now catching up on some YouTube and
I am also trying to get this baby to bed
he's a little upset right now we tried
to go to the doctor day and actually
drove all the way there I waited in the
waiting room for like 30 minutes and
then we just could not we're having
issues with the insurance because we got
new insurance for this year and this is
the first time we've used it and it just
wasn't working I ended up just canceling
the appointment cuz obviously I wasn't
gonna pay cash for an appointment that I
knew I'd have insurance for but it just
they I don't know what's going on we're
my friends dealing with it but now he's
just so tired I really wanted to take a
nap and he won't take her nap huh you
weren't until I started vlogging and
being really loud and annoying huh
thank you thank you hopefully he starts
to feel good and hidden thing is that
also is that he wasn't like he probably
really didn't need to go to the doctor's
I kind of just wanted to take him but I
mean they were probably just gonna tell
me he needs a humidifier which I have
one I've just been trying to keep him
comfortable so there's not like dripping
snot and I've actually also been using a
lot of my essential oils to help with it
which it might actually do a video about
because it's really really neat how they
work is no sexually been pretty good so
you woke up kind of more congested than
he actually is right now oh you almost
did it all you okay
hey yay good job buddy
good job why do you always go down that
way
silly boy do like Missy said we've been
dealing with insurance stuff all day I
was able to get a bunch of work done
this morning because there are some
really cool things that we're working on
for the daily bumps channel isn't sure I
don't know what happened with the
insurance thing like they have no
information on us at all even though
we've made our payment and like
everything's cleared and it says we're
covered as of January 1st
it's it was it's just really annoying
this is good to go all the way there and
then all the way back
but now the rascals are all playing
aren't you are you a little rascal what
are you doing huh okay
he's so talkative almost done it's got
about 35 minutes left but I've been
staring at this crock pot all day just
wanting to open it but you're not
supposed to open a crock pot that's like
the one thing you don't do so I shake it
shake it sometimes
all right guys is finally time he's
going to open this whole cooker I am
sitting on the counter right now because
I'm cleaning these things really I tell
this is the clean side and this is the
dirty side and you know what when we
moved into this house it was dirty like
that I bet it clean that yeah
 I'm meeting to clean it for like
ever all right time to open it
three two oh oh oh nice you're
everywhere
Oh Oh how's it looking here is our piece
of meat ooh do you see there yeah
breaks apart really easily so these is
shredded beef tacos looks good yeah it
does
first thing that I ever made babe yeah
yeah there we go we got the shredded
beef got some rice and a little bit of
like an avocado sauce I made so cool how
this beef turned out - it broke apart
perfectly okay yeah drink ready get it
here's more last night in tonight he's
like all right it's good just kids go
into bed you go to bed okay good night
night you go night-night you're flying
fly is someone working right there I
guess we're gonna go ahead and the bog
we're going to bed he's gonna go
night-night
kissing 9 a DJ night MA night night hey
is the party thumbs up if you enjoyed it
and once again smash high-tempered
day hi
yes game next all your yeah and that's
calling off and just put that back up
it's ready to take a it's crazy how home
how
