look at these two look who we ran into
hi little Millia
this is home
I am
good morning good morning we're in the
green room yeah where it's still not
green you have to find a green green
room with that but would have rice
krispy trans reqtest I gained
recognition champions
yeah are waiting for a meet-up and we're
waiting all kinds of people we've got on
hey Brittney and Austin Ellie and Jared
and we have showed up got clintus out
there Ben and Sam anyone here anyone is
going to our meetup and we are headed
Ollie are you gonna ground as dude come
on come on he's made an appearance
what's up buddy
hi Liam right hopefully Holly makes it
through all right you guys we are at the
meet up with some awesome peeps and we
got Emily here who claims she's ready
for her close-up but I don't think she
knows how close I was getting how's it
going where you from and what do you
wanna say no don't be nervous don't be
nervous
we're just normal Tunes like we have
Caledon here and he is arguing Oliver
look a shirt we show the loggia shirt
let's see you shirt it says hola that I
almost got the same shirt for myself oh
no that's all these that's okay but all
I've been dying for someone his own size
so he's finally found someone you want
to show me a ball oh but it is drastic
like I know I just like to see it drop
it's like oh I can be myself
look who showed up can you give them to
Olli are those for Olli Oh
Shaylee it's a nice Thank You Casey
thank you me I love the flowers hi hi
Eden be pretty dress hi can I get a high
five we made it just in time
yeah even we got shyly from shyly daily
huh are they talking well
can you give him a hug giving him a hug
go ah Kim stop hugs
ah oh he goes straight for the kisses
huh oh he said flower Danny Roane you're
trying to hook our kids up we had a
really great meet up you guys it was
really awesome and we also got to talk
with a lot of other people hey guys we
haven't met you huh come on over here
McKenney what's your name
okay oh I love your shirt look at look
at going that's funny
see this little notification it says
share failed cannot upload apparently
all the internet in the hotel is
completely down and actually they're
supposed to be live-streaming a lot of
the playlist live events and they can't
because the internet is just so messed
up making me so frustrated my only
option is maybe taking the computer to
the hospitality suite maybe they have
good internet I don't know
I've been trying I'm tethering to my
phone now but my phone internet so slow
and the service is so shoddy I only have
two out of five balls look at these two
look who we ran into hi little Melia hey
Anna
Holly don't take your Apple this is
adorable they're like the same size I
had no idea yeah
how old is 81 hmm all you want to give
her a hug
no no no you guys weren't enjoying
America hey Ally
someone built this huge Jenga set for
you what do you think of that don't
don't go okay okay be careful careful I
was gonna let him play with it but it
turns out these are just like wood
blocks and if it falls I feel like it
would like really hurt someone so you
can't really play with this huh yeah not
cool careful
it's pretty heavy but it's still scary
thank you thank you let's go
all right so we're in the green room and
it's the only room that I really have
cell service so I'm using my phone still
to upload and it's so close we've been
in here for two hours now
Missy's been a trouper she's really
annoyed with me um it was cool to get to
see Anna though and Amelia and
apparently Joe fees in the other green
room uploading if you guys don't know
them they're from the secona Julie's but
we've been really wanted to beat them
because they this is the first time in
America so we got to meet Anna which was
really cool and we will see jofi tonight
at the party
but I'm just happy because this is
finally working and then I can go enjoy
myself I call dibs
I don't dibs on games on the table
look at that sweetheart okay hey girl
get it girl get it girl get it girl you
guys paid attention that's how a
favorite thing about grooming we're call
indicating any times games like what
makes a sound Oh get a girl yeah I love
it
Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan
Morgan Buster and stately watch it
sizzle make it curl here's the stitch
guys the blog didn't get uploaded I'm
sure will be uploaded today I'm trying
not to worry about it I was stressing
out so much sitting in that groom room
for like three hours today you
disappeared I know I know and honestly
we worried about it from way too long I
should have just given up and tried
again later but I'm super happy now
because we're with all of our friends
I'm going to show this table guys we're
at EJ yep it took a while to get here
and situated but here look at this look
at the shower here YouTube friends
who do we are here Joe Joey and Josh
which one's Joey oh hey I knew that I
knew that I knew that finally Brian's
having a good hair day
oh she's so nice to me she got to meet
up she's like Brian your hair looks
great and I'm like you're a keeper yes
you are yes you are who we got over here
he's a pro a precise hair Wynonna baby
hair 101 with April they're almost a
hundred thousand subscribers right link
down below in the description down there
click it click it I like the Hat I
didn't dude I didn't I didn't get a
chance to check out the tricking booth
so I'm gonna be buying a bunch of stuff
tomorrow I really want you I love the
look it looks great it's going yeah oh
my friends so fresh so clean Jen look at
this tip we got em Brandi I'm so excited
I was so excited to meet them you guys
this is they're from Alabama and they
drove for playlist so I'm super stoked
to see you guys thank you for coming to
dinner
you guys are awesome and then we got
Cullen and Katie and Miss Maisie Gaines
dancing on the table is that appropriate
bro
hey put that dress I love this little
girl look at her I love you girl break
the internet right there yes that's what
we're talking about
shaking it up we got good clintus blogs
in the hizz-ouse and his mistress oh my
no job
I don't know chat sauce a bra it's in
the river somewhere it's all good
what is going on over here I'm just
meeting y'all Jackson just ate a lemon
so be sure to go watch that on Jared and
Ellie's channel they got with all a
member yes and all you liked it like
yeah it's been a really rough night but
we're here we're here now
we're trying to just chill now but
tomorrow's another day
we're gonna have a lot of fun before see
we're gonna keep I just so excited by
everyone's unstable and if you guys are
subscribed to any of these people have
them all links below in the description
and if they're not linked below their
script enough it's because I didn't do
it yet so I think more the Internet's
still broken and I haven't uploaded a
blog yeah
good said it took into five minutes a 70
it's for daddy what's going on it's
Florida sinking into the ocean connects
this is yes look at all this huh get it
I think we're all a little bit happier
now because we have boo and Gonzaga
floated oh dude if you down look it up
loaded yeah so here's the thing we have
this giant table of youtubers I figured
we would ship all of our names so are
you guys listening to us this is our new
naval good this is our YouTube channel
if we were ever to combine forces and
put our our Captain Planet rings
together this is what we would be Jay
daily
Bama and bugs TV 101 whoo that is I
can't I won't I already forgot it damn
fast forwarded for me get down get it
get it Jackson get it oh so much why are
kids so cute you guys they're playing
together yeah together this is so cool I
just want some milk
why are you doing that bro oh and it's
over failed parties now I ran into Alex
from Target in the bathroom so I had to
introduce him to college so he can thank
you the first day I thought was Colin
needs to tag along with him haha I'm so
happy for I dude this is like vixx makes
his mock like is Iran here he was peeing
yeah I mean he's like I'm Alex from
Target just let you know Bryan
interrupted a man while he was skiing no
no no oh really
oh and he said playlist live you did
interrupt them here and show that you
oh please live oh I'm Alex from Target
oh that's funny I don't like that
yeah and I was like is that normally how
you introduce who's in the bathroom my
name thanks I'm so full and though
because of the target seriously I submit
only sonic make that happen we have to
make I told you
although they're looking at him right
now
Oh
we get so mad
standing up okay work so we're all out
in the hall right now yeah all of us in
Meagan yeah she's my girlfriend and the
kids are asleep mom okay we're gonna end
the vlog now um and people walk quietly
we're being really quiet and respectful
of all the people and the lady came in
here and she said we're being respectful
as well but then I slammed the door on
the big way and then I slam was like
obviously right past my friend okay so
we met a new friend please say hi
we're good will you end my blog hope you
guys enjoy - applause you didn't give
the thumbs up and subscribe do not leave
a happy friendly comments below tomorrow
I'm home
and that's
wanna be yeah wherever
your win
goodnight all
