I
good morning guys we are ready to live
it's almost time and I've actually have
Oliver it's supposed to be napping as
you can see here he's wide awake sitting
up talking playing so my mom's actually
here and she tried to put him to bed and
he basically has been in there for like
almost an hour probably like an hour and
he he's just like refusing sleep which
sucks because will my original plan is I
wanted him to sleep and then we're gonna
drive to LA and then hopefully he would
stay in a good mood but now that I think
about it it might be better if he sleeps
on the drive and then when we get there
he'll be in a good mood because he'll
just woken up from his nap so it's
probably for the best
and he's been really good for an hour
just sitting in his crib and I've been
able to get a ton done so we're pretty
much done and packed and everything's
ready Bryan just went to go get his hair
done and then he apparently he got lost
because he got sidetracked because he's
really got it at directions and you know
what Bryan don't cut this part out until
you out when he gets here he's gonna
pack everything in the cart and then oh
no hey guys so I just got back from my
haircut and I'm currently trying to pack
this very tiny car with way too much
stuff really it's not way too much stuff
I mean that's never gonna shot we're
just I hate to say it but we're
outgrowing this car we we cannot fit all
our stuff okay so my back there
basically it's because we've added
another bag to the mix I have a bag
Missy has a bags we have a carry-on and
an overnight bag we're taking to the
hotel and then Olly now has this big bag
because he needs it
we have too much stuff and so my job is
basically to figure out how I'm gonna
get it all in this car and I don't know
how should have rented a car to drive to
the airport apparently apparently that's
what we got to do nowadays all right
let's get the non sleeping bug
Oliver James oh you took your pants off
he's like hi you didn't sleep at all you
little stinker I hope today you know
like you have a stinky bottom like I go
crazy I've been in here for an hour
you're so silly did you not did you not
go to sleep cuz you ever think you're
bottom you're being a monkey I did it
not sure how I did it but I did it I did
it up putting that seat down taking the
bar out and just pushing these as far
for it as it can go
so yeah it is pretty stinking packed in
there right next to where baby Ali's
gonna be hey guess what I get it
but it's also time for a new car why uh
yeah I've got some battle wounds but I
did it how are we gonna do this with
another kid baby yeah we're gonna need a
bigger car yeah we're gonna need a big
car
thank you alright oli you gotta say
bye-bye
Mimi's been like telling him all day
that he shouldn't go and stay with her
he doesn't understand he's like no hey
say bye-bye to me me
we're gonna go on an adventure yeah
venture karma I know you're all excited
cuz you think you're going but you're
not today you're not going karma he
really thinks he's going but he's
actually gonna be staying here with my
brother
they're gonna you win time together
party too hard okay
yeah you keep Jimmy company over for
play yeah you know what the weather has
been good he's like here's my wish let's
go let's go
it's actually really nice whether they
can totally go swimming oh yeah oh yeah
cut it can be I'm probably totally yeah
yeah all right
karma I know you want to go but you
can't go look how excited he is it's
okay I'm not saying goodbye
I'm not saying never say goodbye
we're just saying see you later cake arm
see you later look at that
we are in a gorgeous part of LA we just
drove into Windows XP vault that's what
we did that's what it looks like you
look over there we have been driving for
a while now again I have Ollie slept
really good so like the first our team
is going to be I play with his friend
actually going over to Rachel and Byron
Talbott they are another couple on
YouTube and he's kind of like more like
a beauty guru she does really really
cute adorable videos and he is a chef
like he makes delicious delicious food
so don't know they've been talking for a
while and we decided we couldn't wanted
to like actually meet and she has a
little boy needs all of her earth gonna
let all of her and all of her play which
I've been trying to explain to all of
her all day how he's gonna go play with
his friend all of her and I think it's
gonna be very confusing but I don't
think that her Oliver goes by ollie
so we'll probably just call Ollie Ollie
and Oliver Oliver all right guys we just
got to the Talbots whoo got Byron and
Rachel and Ollie and Oliver look how
cute look at him he's like wait there's
a camera who is that buddy here he's got
a cool little like mesh football - Oh be
careful
oh yeah boys will be boys Ollie is a
little rambunctious yeah he needs to let
off some steam don't you buddy run
around okay bye
yeah hey hey buddy you can walk he's
learning there we go
killer stud muffin I'm gonna say that
all he wasn't influenced okay come on
why he's being such a loner go go play
with the other little boy come on come
on so we just took a walk with the kids
down to a little restaurant we're gonna
grab something to evil look at this view
Oh what are you doing
he's off-roading what did you hear that
babe I just heard duck and quack
quacking yes sir ducky oh there is
duckies look at do you hear him do that
it's like a little gasp so beautiful huh
yeah do you see the duck he kind of
blends in with the water
hi ducky that is a strange-looking duck
what do you think about that buddy
they're not even quacking what are they
doing that is the weirdest sound I've
ever heard a bird make check this out
over here you guys that is a boat
parking lot pretty much at least these
fast when he crawls become he's like
cozying up to her miss so Byron just
pointed to the water and he's like look
a fish it was huge is like at least a
five pound largemouth bass how do you
how does one do that go look it was like
it's like camouflage bro yeah you have
to have fish eyes I know it's like it's
a specific shadowing oh is that I'm a
fish nerd okay okay okay I really I just
want to find my own fish now I need my
vision ball oh your pocket you like
come here fishy
cry cry cry cry
Derrick yes quack quack huh he did it
yeah like you film him until he does
that you're having fun exploring huh
buddy
this is a cool place should we get a
house on a lake I think we should yeah
we're checking in for our hotel and Ali
is fast asleep he's still in his car
seat even we're putting on the look hair
thing can you hit get it
poor guys so tired
all right we are in our hotel we are
back from hanging out with Rachel and
hiren which was honestly so cool right
like it's just cool to have like another
young couple who like do the same thing
as us or in the same place as your wife
is us it's really cool yeah yeah and
look at this
still asleep all he's still sleeping yes
I don't understand he's like right out
there we're just waiting for a crib to
come to our room so he can go to sleep
yeah and actually took his car seat and
I turned it back so that he could like
he's like building down yeah maybe we
should just leave him in that oh yeah
but anyway we're gonna go ahead and end
today's vlog if you guys are not
subscribed to our friends byron or
rachel will have their links down below
so you guys can check them out but I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog click
thumbs up if you did tomorrow we had to
floor it okay
every location and
