he dropped his maple syrup he literally
would not put the maple syrup down
here's your shop
good morning guys
I am up bright and early because this is
my last day to start packing and getting
ready for Florida and I really wanted to
get my nails done before that so me and
my mom were meeting at a nail salon to
do that and then I got to get busy on
making sure that I'm all ready for
Florida because we're leaving for like a
week and I haven't done anything so
we're gonna get our nails done and then
I got a crackdown okay so we're getting
a nose done it's really funny because
someone recognized me while we were here
and now everyone's salons like who are
you and you might know person what's
your name again Kayla she's like who are
you and then the people who I met
actually brought me back a little gift
and I have to see what's in there oh
there's our cake pop YUM
and so she brought me like something
back and so it's been really really fun
little girl time because everyone's like
yeah I'm getting my own son
working on him right now and having a
very time and I think you got me a gift
card so thank you I asked if I could
bogger and she's like everyone's high so
I didn't actually in the ball game
the girl who got me this but thank you
again her being so sweet hello everybody
my wife is back I think I've been here
all day
with oli just playing making this whole
place a mess I'm sorry
hey what's up mama was doing girly
things and we were doing guy things like
ordering pizza and watching cool stuff
on TV and riding motorcycles and
drinking coconut water I have actually
been cracking up all day over the ollie
conversation from yesterday you guys if
you don't know I uploaded it on my
channel as a separate clip so you can
watch just the conversation if you want
to hop that link down below and then if
you guys didn't see Missy put out a
video yesterday and she's been working
on like the whole subtitle conversation
thing forever okay yeah I've been
working on this for like ever and I was
so excited to share it with you guys I
literally was like she's like all the
other Dolly talking is going on so my
video is gonna go up early so she has a
video on her channel it's actually an
18-month update your karma
probably it's an 18-month update and all
he just talks a lot in the video and
it's so adorable it's gonna be so hard
not to do that cuz that like three
minutes of him talking took me like five
hours to edit it takes a long time that
my whole video probably took me a total
of life
yeah takes forever this kids just so
talkative and we have to figure out what
were you saying uh-huh
nothing is like it looks so like oh yeah
that's what he said but Nate told us a
long time to decide what exactly he was
saying even though he's not really
saying nah what do you mean like it's
not as easy as like oh we just heard him
say this thing if only it were that easy
but yeah both those videos are really
good so hot both links below in the
description so you guys can check it out
and maybe we'll do more of Olly talking
in the future when I have time to sort
of edit that kind of stuff in but it's
just cute because he's starting to talk
a whole lot more and mimic us a lot and
like say what we say and remember is
that this is such a small stage of his
like talking like this and so it's just
cool that we get to remember it we get
to see like huge portions of him just
talking in us like making up what he's
saying in a few weeks we're gonna be
able to understand what you saying yeah
yeah the doctor said at his next well
visit he will be like speaking sentences
to her basically right yeah and the lady
was like is he speaking at least five
words and I'm like five words that's all
that's all he's got to know I don't know
everyone's like he should be saying a
hundred words by now I'm like would you
cry but he says quite a few words and
he's been carrying around this syrup toy
all day drinking it like a bottle
hanging right here
coconut water back no I want your shoes
hanging off at your shoes on put him on
put down on - I know that Missy's been
in the car because there's depressing
country music playing seriously
don't take the girl seriously she loves
depressing country music it's kind of
depressing why do you like depressing
country music is it just that all the
country music from the time you like it
just happens to be depressing
you mean Dixie Dixie Chicks inside for
the Dixie Chicks channel on and
sometimes the pissants month oh I like
them Oliver look at you think do you
like he saw this car and was like his
eyes just like lit up and he really
wants to inside like alright I guess
I'll get the train we're getting a train
huh I gotta be honest I had so much fun
at the salon getting my Nelson people
were like so nice to us he even did like
something extra special just cuz she
like loved us and plus it's just cool
like people are always so curious about
like what we do on YouTube and it's a
really weird kind of life and it's hard
to explain and people just think it's
really fascinating so it was fun like
talking and getting to know them people
there so it was cool but now I am trying
to grab things for our trip and for some
reason I just walked out the broad under
al so this is kind of weird I'm gonna
get to the stuff that I need you ready
he dropped his maple syrup he literally
would not put the maple syrup down
here's your shop yeah syrup and rough
yesterday we grabbed a thing to put the
iPad in so it would like protect it and
so all I could like easily hold it but
as we walked out of the store you
realize that it wasn't for the iPad that
we have so I had to return it so now I'm
going to look for one here that will be
easy for him to hold on the airplane you
can like watch some shows that might
make
a little bit easier when we have a
five-hour flight the crew showed up for
a shopping trip Cassie says I talked to
a location and just shows up she sucks
Holly yeah pretty much yeah she drove
here but yet Brian's pushing her in the
cart and so yeah we got you aunty pretty
happy alright this is the last time Cass
is gonna see oli until we get back from
Florida so she's trying to say bye-bye
to him she's gone below bye bye oh wow
very nice Hey thank you you like ran up
to her and gave her the biggest hug how
did you just kind of steal hugs from
Ali's yeah for sure
Kharma
I'm gonna miss you we leave too much huh
you're such a good dog
all right guys oli is asleep right in
here and it's officially go time as far
as packing goes I've been packing for a
couple hours now and you would think I'd
like get better at this as since we keep
traveling a lot but I seem to get like
more stressed out or something I don't
know I just went talking for a couple
hours trying to make sure that I brought
everything and have everything and don't
won't need anything and so this is
actually my suitcase right here and as
you can see this side is like full of
shoes but you have to realize that this
is playlist live at people I gotta look
cute I gotta look hot I gotta look like
I'm somewhat fashionable huh and so I've
brought tons of different like outfits
and things that I can wear so I'm hoping
I'm not over packing I feel like I
brought a good amount of clothes but
that is a lot shoes so it does kind of
look slightly ridiculous we are actually
leaving tomorrow morning that's why it's
go time because we have something to do
in LA and so while we're in LA we
thought we'll go ahead and just stay the
night there since our flight we use out
of LAX and we have somewhat of a track
record for being late to flights and
almost missing them so I was like for
flying out of LAX it might be a good
good idea to just stay in LA and not
have to drive as far as if we do because
it's not that close so I have an
overnight bag here and this is gonna be
nice because we won't have to like bring
up all of our stuff to the hotel room
and then like go through it all we will
just have like her Ollie's stuff Brian's
stuff my stuff and it's nice and packed
condensing and then all of like our
bathroom things will go on this one so
this will this is actually a like a
carry-on type suitcase it's really nice
because it's super simple just like pack
a few things and this is the rest of our
stuff for Florida so I've been doing
pretty good I have been packing for like
two hours straight and feeling a little
bit scatterbrained and kind of crazy but
doesn't really matter like if I don't if
I forget some chain link it's not a big
deal I can either just
by it or I can just do you be without it
I don't know why I stress over it but I
just don't want to be without anything
all right you guys as always it is my
job to make sure that we have all the
technology prepared when we go on trips
and do things and stuff so I'm actually
getting all these iPad all set up they
just came out with big hero six so I'm
so excited and I'm downloading it on his
iPad for him and maybe he'll actually
like watch it on the plane I also a lot
of really cool like apps for toddlers
and I tried to look at like apps that
are good for like a one year olds so
like things that will just sort of keep
him interested and occupied and stuff on
the plane because that's basically the
biggest hurdle even for me it's it's
hard even for me to be occupied for that
long yeah I gotta go ahead and end
today's vlog and edit it but I hope you
guys enjoyed it so click thumbs up if
you did tomorrow I gotta get up early
and get a haircut and then we're gonna
go do some really fun thing we're not
leaving tomorrow for playlist live but
we are gonna be in the LA area doing
something really cool so be sure to
stick around so you guys can check that
out thank you guys for watching today's
video and we will see you tomorrow
no way
yeah and
