we
that's where I wanna be I do
baby
good morning guys
me and Ellie have been in this bathroom
for a while now and we've been doing our
makeup actually she's been doing my
makeup I was like oh you do my makeup
you're so good at it that's pretty much
exactly what I said does I have good
guys yes you guys Monica I think we're
gonna go to Alton actually buy a couple
things to seven really wanting to get
some oh it's a really really boob by the
way le your beds so comfy oh I just love
it
it's really kind of rude that you would
kick me out I know I like I was like
demanding I'm so be in your bed Ellie
can I tell you guys something
um Missy and Bryan came and they bought
this awesome blow-up mattress by the way
we bought a book a good one cuz we want
to be comfortable we didn't want them to
feel bad yeah but when Missy came I told
her I said when people come and visit me
at my house
we like Jared's parents like my side of
the family and stuff I was like we make
them sleep in our bed because it's our
the only bed that we have and I was like
because Jared and I don't mind for a
night or two to sleep on an air mattress
so I have my wonderful pregnancy pillow
so it doesn't matter where I said I said
no no no no yo a million times and she
forced me to sleep in her bed as our
guest but not to stay in our bed kind of
a fight but I just I feel better most
important thing is we won the fight but
I felt better but we are so excited we
are going to end our trip in the next
day and we are going to go somewhere
else and we'll each have our own bed and
I'll feel better about that dude I'm
like Ellie you're pregnant I'm not
taking your bed
know what I mean - I was not happy about
it but you know what it's fine it's fine
you know what it's been very comfortable
and thank you guys like seriously it's
been really really nice I would expect
your bed if you had no other best day I
will I will know that for the future I
will give them my bed how's it going
guys okay so a couple things number one
that this is home music video is up and
if you have not seen it it's on my
channel I'll have a link below in the
description be sure you give it a big
thumbs up and share it if you liked it
and subscribe to my personal channel
youtube.com slash Bryan Lanning cuz he'd
be the best person ever if you did that
um also we're just hanging out
Ellie did Missy's makeup Jared and I
went and got shells cuz we're gonna go
shooting later which I'm really excited
about and you just yeah that's how we're
gonna how we're gonna do it I don't
think we need GoPro oh really yeah if we
can write probably it I might not hit
any um I'm really excited because we do
not have a Jimmy John's close to where
we are and you can get sandwiches
delivered so we just placed an order
with Jimmy John's and they're going to
come and I told them to knock to the
tune of do you want to build a snowman
so when they knock we can start singing
so hopefully they'll knock like this
right with everybody hi no it's do you
wanna build a snowman is you do not test
me I've seen that movie like 20 times
but this is how music videos about to go
live in like 15 minutes I'm super
nervous how do you feel Missy I'm
excited I'm really excited to be able to
see it see like if people love the song
they're gonna love the music video ya
know they're gonna be there beside I
prepared it is amazing Ellie's pretty
good at using diapers for her personal
experience you don't want to make a stop
just grab a diaper it's not that I
almost made Missy do that
hey Jack Jack what are you doing why are
you upside down in my camera is it warm
is the charger nice and warm
hey man ollie
we're finishing today oh that's so cute
oh it's this close enough prints in case
anyone happened or your effort it we can
tell though the Jimmy John swag is real
yo look at their chips have so much air
Missy you could use these as a pillow
ooh not these ones here's your potato
chips
yeah I put our names on the order so
that one is Ellie's this one is brah
gone oh because some are subs and
somewhere like regular sandwiches
so jared is taking me to the middle of
nowhere apparently where we goin Jared
to the middle of nowhere and we've got
guns to the back we've got guns in the
back that's where we keep our guy over
there some cows oh my gosh there's cows
Moo
I like your hamburgers we're on our way
to the gun range I'm gonna shoot some
guns I haven't shot a shotgun since I
was probably 12 years old and so it
should be a fun time public shooting
range here we are all right guys here we
are at the right
Garret taught me how to do this oh
that's good that's good
feels really cool so this thing's voice
activates all I have to do is say the
p-word well it's just sound activated oh
really I can say anything yeah you could
say poop if you wanted oh that's not
good
or you could say like Batman or Jarrod
is awesome and it'll work all right here
we go give this a shot OOP
is it work they they may have turned it
off so all I mean let me just hit this
switcher there we go okay go ahead and
try say poop again look do you see that
dude out of some heart picking up all
the shells that was honestly so much fun
it's like such a rush and look at this
you cannot beat this view right here
it's not beautiful you toss on Utah but
I'm Tala oh right that fun that was
close take what I'm Trump I'm so punny
mrs. shell
hey buddy
what are you doing you chillin out maxin
relaxin all cool some playing some Mook
alele yeah hey Oh Olly is such a turd I
apologize
he's like this house isn't big enough
for the two of our shirts only one
person's gonna wear this shirt and it's
me but Jackson's sure is bigger guys
bigger so maybe that's why Stig oh you
guys are Z I can't believe you got the
teepee up man it looks great I tied it
and I tied it like really good and I did
it up this the way you're supposed to I
think um you know I did a clove hitch
yeah Ollie can you please please be in a
good mood yeah play your guitar play
your guitar there you go
yeah oh he's a heavy metal baby always
freaked out little good game we were out
to eat at Olive Garden I know all we
always go to Olive Garden but I just
kind of good and kind of like sit and
all there you go yeah
and I'm excited for it so um yeah we're
just trying to distract him
okay I guess didn't like monk in the
middle who does though really
alright guys you've got the kids in bed
and my hair looks a little weird right
now I can't even see it there's a foil
here that I'll be showing ya this there
is a foil right here I'm doing a touch
strand on misty right yes so we are
going to she just were just gonna like
play with my hair right now and Bonnie's
here so we've got Bonnie and Ellie and
we're basically doing girl stuff and
they're doing my hair yeah it's gonna be
really fun and we just been doing girly
stuff all day long basically so um just
been fun because the boys have been
doing like manly
yep all days I mean a lot of time that
we do something for us yeah they're
right now old downstairs playing video
games so we're like we're gonna go
stairs so but we're excited cuz the kids
are in bed and we just are exhausted
from the kids today well at least I am
out of it yeah Jackson is like so good
always just like a monster is really
good and this evening was great he was
so tired I think earlier yeah he
definitely yeah and he's just I don't
know he's out of his element and he's
just not used to being around kids so
he's just he's interesting you see it'll
be fun when we do end up having a second
it should be interesting but anyways
we're gonna see how this turns out and
we might end up going a lot blonder on
top but I'm excited cause Ellie's doing
it because usually I go to my lady in
California and so this is gonna be fun
that Ellie's doing it then and I
streamed and then we came upstairs and
saw this got like 34 else in here now
yeah there's a lot of foils we like me
Ellie we're talking she'll just jelly
kind of cake and she's like oh and we'll
just like test it real quick and then
like thin this happen we like this but
I'm excited I think it's going really
good
I'm excited welcome you too I'm gonna
have a blonde for a while will not be
offended if we go to play with me on all
dark I promise you no no you have to try
it's like go big or go home yes mm-hmm
mind you this though another Cuban yeah
I don't I have faith in La La's a good
thank you
so I guess you guys have to watch
tomorrow to see how this all turns out
yeah this late yeah it's late I'm gonna
end up like that I hope you guys enjoyed
it click thumbs up if you did and we'll
see you tomorrow bye
I am home
and
that's where a war
wanna be yeah wherever your win
