just chosen winner winner
this is home
I
good morning people of the World Wide
Web how's it going ollie is eating
breakfast and I just think this is
really funny because we're all done up
for church and stuff we're getting ready
to leave missus just finishing up but
all he's eating breakfast and he's got
his nice shirt over there and he's way
out of reach over here because we all
know how crazy you get when it comes to
eatin time yes you do you always get
your shirt messed up how's it how's
breakfast at mommy prepared for you
uh-huh
that's your favorite okay someone's
clearly in a tude this morning anyway
today is Super Bowl Sunday it's game day
and no have not been following football
we do not watch football
I do like football um but I don't really
ever get into it like per season wise I
do enjoy watching college football
particularly Boise State since that's
where I went to school so it's actually
pretty fun to watch those games but I
think we're rootin for the Seahawks
tonight per order of my mom
so we're rooting for the Seahawks
tonight cabe uh Dee yeah we got that's
who we're gonna root for say go Seahawks
go Seahawks Olly isn't 100% on board
with rooting for the Seahawks but that's
okay let us know in the comments who you
were rooting for we don't know who won
yet cuz it hasn't happened yet well I
was gonna eat french toast this morning
but it seems to have shrunk mmm still
good haha no look at I found you guys
french toast
groans this is like from the 90s and
they brought it back and I'm so excited
I'm gonna have my first bowl of french
sopra and if you guys saw in the
background yes I do have to crockpots
going now that's our crock-pot and that
is Missy's mom's crock-pot which we are
borrowing for today but in mine I have
that pork shoulder butt shoulder but
that's what they call it I don't know
why but I got chili powder on it and
it's actually sitting in coca-cola I'm
following Rachael Ray's recipe for
pulled pork in the slow cooker and it
calls for a coca-cola
it's a little weird I know but so other
people were mentioning soda sounds like
okay and then in this one I have these
awesome stuffed mozzarella cheese
meatballs so inside these meatballs
which smell amazing by the way tons of
seasoning really good stuff inside of
them is a nice gooey gooey Center for
the mozzarella so those are cooking on
low for like three hours it's cooking on
low for like eight hours so this is like
an appetizer that's like dinner game day
and YUM what you want to what you want
to play
and check out what's in the fridge for
game day we got lots of Gatorade lots of
vitamin water lots of beer that probably
only I will drink and Missi actually
prepared pizookie
with all her little pans she's got
chocolate chip and chocolate chocolate
chip cookies for tonight's dessert
there we go that's more like it what a
cute shirt babe no was it for I think
it's for a photo shoot we never used it
did we originally get this for always a
munchkin costume
oh maybe actually mmm milk let's go to
church all right we just had lunch at
Jersey Mike's our favorite place we even
bought it we should have because we were
with my cousin and she's a lot of fun
but we're not head at home to start our
patty and hopefully food is cooking in
the crock-pot are we actually gonna
watch the Super Bowl baby cuz I actually
do want to watch the Super Bowl and you
want to watch the Puppy Bowl yes I do
wanna watch some people and I also want
to watch the toddler Bowl that you just
told me about that sounds awesome
yeah that sounds cool clintus our friend
clintus he's a blogger on youtube he's
gonna be the referee yeah for the
toddler Bowl and I think it's on TLC
yeah I want to watch that go psycho it's
fun so except I also want to watch the
halftime like that's honestly what we
all mostly want to watch and I'm gonna
watch all the commercials they've been
having ads for the ads have you seen
these mm-hmm on Twitter it's like all of
their like advertising disciple
commercials you like the commercials
they are they are good let's get this
party started
no idea I gotta see ya pretending Missy
is editing her 18 month update for oli
the good one
she's been showing it to everyone like
in increments like five minutes and I
felt like twelve hormon yeah cuz here's
the thing oli was with her the whole
time on the bed and just like talked
like crazy
so Missy is giving captions for every
single thing he says it's so funny he's
such a talker where'd you get that from
Missy I don't know we got the family
over and we are basically pre-baby
puppies oh my gosh what I did not know
doesn't the official puppy ball what's
still waiting but basically pre-gaming
and we got lots of food done already
we got Ritz crackers garlic cheese
cheddar chips these are my cheesy
stuffed meatballs which are a huge hit
especially in that marinara YUM and we
got brie cheese too which is pretty much
almost done and then we got chips and
dip wings chips and salsa and we're
still watching this pulled pork go how
long has it got its got about three
three hours left so the game just
started and we've just been down here
just watching the game and chat in and
we looked at the monitor and all he's
like staring at the camera like are you
guys gonna kid get me so I'm gonna get
him get him hey guy was mama talking to
you see she said I was coming can worry
his hair is all messed up babe you want
to keep him in this shirt okay hmm Super
Bowl is officially a go you missed the
toddler Bowl unfortunately and we can
watch the Puppy Bowl a little bit later
okay you don't want to use like and
wasn't ready to wake up look at
everyone's here died
say hey he has chosen winner winner
chicken dinner
alright so Brian is finally taken out of
pork look at how easily it shreds oh it
looks really good
I'm really nervous to try it um I think
it's a my I don't know if my family
heard it correctly but Justin won I
don't want to say it too loud oh that
looks good it looks very tender are you
ready
ah look at this huge thing I thought
right here oh my gosh it's all about I
bet it's delicious
you get that it is deliciousness
finally for the more we've all been
waiting for the halftime show always
feeling very sleepy
yeah look at it hey China sing it
why that is your lady huh yeah I guess
they could be yeah I don't know if you
guys remember but this song was
literally the only song that all he
would listen to and he would it was like
the song he would listen to to fall
asleep and I felt like a horrible mother
but it was like it worked so I used it
and I did it and I'd only get it for a
few weeks but it really worked
all right the game still going I have no
idea what's going on I've not been
paying attention okay there's the update
on pizookie spy stayed up last night and
I prepared all these Kazuki's I made
regular chocolate chip and chocolate
chocolate chips and they're all
individually wrapped and ready to go and
it should be damn look huge
there are huge like Price's haha
yeah they're just like this big they're
cute aren't you there I can't eat that
see mom they're not that big buzz okay
this might be the best part of the Super
Bowl Cassie look at gems hovering trims
like where's mine I do good
oh it looks so good yeah pizookie first
impression here we go
right in the middle get some weak gooey
goodness cuz some ice cream
thank you good I think it's better than
BJ's yes I met the restaurant
BJ's there's a restaurant called PJ's
that does bazookas everyone is like
dying behind this camera right now it's
good it's a good pizookie and that is
the game ladies and gentlemen with bird
one Patriots one what you think of the
ending uh-oh guys all he eats about this
oh my gosh when they gonna fight I have
like two ha ha ha ha ha
Missy was all oh that she's like this is
awesome yeah that was lame okay we
really thought the the Seahawks were
gonna get it and then the path the
interception and then the fight it was
just ridiculous
oh it was ridiculous and told cuz that
was good oh of course they just got
fined like fitty grand I know for these
guys it's nothing but everyone just left
in a game just ended so we're not gonna
put Olly to bed it's time for bed little
munchkin tickle tickle tickle tickle -
what can you say night-night he say
night-night no no no no night please
Olly it's time for night kid okay and
then what you do though there were how
many that's a really great story you're
telling me hey you want to come down the
slide
go on go down the slide be careful but
don't go down like that what are you
doing alright
oh oh not really fun to do and with no
clothes on huh that's a very dirty Olaf
okay go take it to mama
came for an a night alright I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video click thumbs
up if you did and we will see you
tomorrow
come on
that's all you get wait
I like big you're gonna crash so let me
turn you around
now just before that severe golden
