Oh
open the door
we're here I know I'm wearing shorts oh
I'm not it is very cold out there I'm
like shivering Molly just woke up and he
drink his milk already it's your house
boy just lay on day you got your friend
look my smiling yeah Wow we got to a
fast hi Ally and babycakes look at that
Wow yeah Thank You Jackson Ollie already
found your toy closet Oh lookit he's got
the little ukulele you gonna play so
happy you guys are together
holy let me love some yeah can you play
something cool Ollie Freebird play
Freebird cuz he is like plucking the
strings you see that it's so cool how
they can they just see us doing it and
then they do it yeah this space is so
cool dude it reminds me of Harry Potter
it's like the Harry Potter closet oh
look at that that's the piano you got
Jackson huh for Christmas weekend
I'll give him a kiss go mmm
they're like the best buds in the world
like an all Shawn may kiss your bride
you have to show hey hey we brought the
the instant break Oh cute they look like
they've been best buds since the 70s oh
you're 45 years old now yeah one of
them's balding and that is too perfect
right there
look at this you guys I'm just chilling
on the floor and we got Jerrod early
just that it feels so good to be here it
really does hey hey hi guys
so I honestly don't know how this
happened we were just talking and we
were like okay yeah we got the car and
like everything's all set right this guy
is like is that kind of how things work
with us and our friendship yeah when
we're at your place you're like yeah you
guys should come to you Tom next time
yeah you know that would be a lot of fun
you're like well why don't I come for my
birthday okay yeah I keep forgetting my
birthday is on Tuesday yeah you guys and
that's when this is home is going to be
released on iTunes um so yeah we're kind
of just here for my birthday because I
get to spend my birthday with my two
best buddies from the internet and this
is basically our winter vacation we
didn't get to do our winter vacation so
we're doing it here in Utah we have a
lot of really cool like winter snow
things planned so I think we're gonna
get a lot of really awesome footage it
can be so excited I hope your socks are
on cuz they're gonna be knocked off dude
did you see that like our hair was like
hugging right there our hair was like
hug my hair and it's not very fun oh
dang
also all he's asleep so that's actually
really nice you guys totally just like
gave him his own room to sleep so that
was really nice he's sleeping Missy's
actually taking a nap too and I am all
of a sudden very energized I don't think
I need a nap
Missy did let me sleep for one hour
while we were driving and he started to
fall asleep at what well it's like she
wasn't planning at all she's like you
know you're gonna drive the whole thing
and then um I was like okay babe I need
to stop so she's like I'll drive so she
drove for an hour and then she was
falling asleep and she's like oh
maybe I need to give it so I was good
after the Sun came up I felt really good
but yeah I think the road trip went
really smooth and now we're in Utah
we're excited we're gonna have some fun
and I'm watching Jared play fifa dude I
just scored another goal and I just got
six six zero I'm like this is why I'm
here strapped this is why I'm here Jared
so I can experience awesome moments like
this with you I'm just getting ready
sorry I just want to get better so I can
beat Sam now he'll finally respect me I
do now
all right you guys I just got up from a
glorious nap did you watch me did I
seriously couldn't even like function I
wasn't thinking straight and like at one
point I think Jeb is like telling me
something downstairs and I couldn't even
like I was like 10 seconds behind Hey
shower in my shower and it was amazing
uh and was not just halfway down the
stairs like I had to go di hey oh oh
that is Ollie he is waking up from a nap
and I didn't even put him down
hi Aimee did you sleep okay oh you see
the guitar
you think so yeah he went down pretty
fast yeah and he slept I guess kind of
coming back on his side and he was
literally like clutching that oh come
here
Oh your buddy's here he is so happy to
be with Jackson it's the cutest thing hi
that your buddy ollie
hey hey guys do you wanna go play
you wanna play hey come on we're hungry
get out of that Ollie
guy get dressed and change diaper and
get your bed guess what I get this cut I
think we're gonna have le do it oh my
gosh Ollie you look so cute you look at
this le meanie the hair got so bad well
maybe she just cutting scissors ha yeah
look at this you guys are pointing at it
what is that ollie can you feel it we
love the freezer pick it it he does love
the freezer Oh what was the make up
right now sorry
do you come to my house to get me we are
going to lunch bodily we're all out of
the house look at we're all dressed and
ready play check us all day ollie
put your put your lip gloss on so it's
popping okay and now we are headed into
Texas Roadhouse gonna get some grub eat
some meat gonna eat some meat gonna eat
some meat and then a treat
gonna eat some we gonna eat some treat
thank you
it smells so good is that like a steak
air freshener they're like pumping out
you know kind of feels like that all
right it's happening they're getting a
haircut baby her haircut Nelly's doing
it he's like what is happening right now
I think he's not sure what's gonna
happen I guess I was like Ellie Oh but
is there she put your hands above the
Cape foot oh here we go John hold one of
these baby and good he's being so good
oh he's being such a good boy yeah yes
thank you for doing this oh yeah you go
sighs you look good oh yeah go ahead
we'll blend that look at that cool
little mohawk buddy he's like hey we're
trying something died we just said stop
it did you just say stop it
Seop new word i t stop it he's being so
good
yeah Holly I love your new haircut what
do you think did - did - he's singing
he's been listening to Jared and I play
music and he's now he's in the musical
mid I think it looks so cool he looks so
dapper I bet it looks good with stuff in
it huh babe alright guys so Jared and I
have been like jamming out for most of
the day and we were actually working on
like an acoustic version of my song that
we can actually put up on YouTube a
little bit later but we've been having
some fun with some other stuff so we
thought we'd show you guys you ready
for me
my friends characters who would we all
be hazy not your Rachel oh yeah you're
totally Rachel I would say you're Rachel
I would say you're Ross I probably be no
I'd say I'm Chandler Chandler more than
what I said Ross Joey you should watch
friends that you as I think I'd be
genuine but would you be let us know in
the comments who you would be on friends
and why do you think we should actually
be are are you kidding me right now that
looks like a freaking painting you guys
this is right outside of Jared and
Ellie's house how amazing does that look
right now does that seriously it looks
fake
doesn't it that is amazing
do you need to play chicken or something
oh I think I just got farted on adding
with : and Katie's squirming
look at that wrong compression looks
that girl all you look at her you guys
want me to do your rap again this is the
pre slumber party I don't know if I can
do that but I'm a postman this is how we
do this is how we do you don't know what
to do when I'm talking train do you I
don't know what to do I already said
that my guests are over he is putting
oli to bed and Ellie is cooking us
chicken scampi noodles are done for oh
cool and then that's a chicken yeah I
just
peppers I have to do I love peppers so
not done oh that is so not no I'm not
done that's okay we got time Ellie
nothing but time but anyway I'm gonna go
ahead and end today's vlog it was a
blast being here with Ellie enjoy
today and if you guys didn't catch from
my trying to sneak in I'm your so you
caught me Brian
donde I'm sorry you guys didn't catch my
little hints in yesterday's vlog we're
not going to the East Coast trying to
throw some of you off and it worked a
little bit but we're gonna be here for
like a week and we're just gonna have a
ton of fun and look at Jared always
trying to steal the spotlight it might
be a party so we got kids asleep homie
but anyway oh I just stepped on an
orange and it squished there's that I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog give
it a thumbs up if you did and we'll see
to my sign
