maybe came over cuz you wanna hang out
with oli and I was like here you asked
me I was like where are you like where
are you
it's like I'm in here she's under here
watching watching good morning guys
guess what we're and what are you doing
he say he's running around in the
backseat
we got a 2014 Dodge Durango and he is
very excited as you can tell yeah we
didn't actually get a new car but this
is the car that we're gonna be living in
for like a week yeah basically yeah we
have been anything we're gonna be road
tripping and this big ol SUV and we had
to make sure that it had all-wheel drive
because we might go into places that are
a little slick huh yeah Holly what are
you doing back there
I'm so excited are you ready for our
road trip good dad
uh-huh you got so much room for
activities back there don't you oh and a
third row of seats too babe dang we can
fit seven people in this car we can have
four more kids we need more kids to fill
up this this car huh he's so happy we
had to pick up the car a little bit
early so we can get all prepared and we
just have a couple of things left to do
and then we're gonna be leaving Wow are
we going do this we haven't told that we
haven't told them where we're going huh
now we have it oh and I'll find out here
wait you want to push every button yeah
it still has the new car smell to bed
yeah you know it's nice I'm gonna be
doing this most
oh wow that goes all the way back okay
oh yeah the seats go all the way back Oh
lots of room I'm really doing this the
entire Oh big come on you're not gonna
drive at all no here's the outside of
the car nice and roomy oli decided he
just ran into the window Oh seriously
Allie you got to stay in the car buddy
this boy is so tired doesn't even want
to pick up his head we just woke him up
from a little car nap I know that is nap
today because we just had to go get a
car and it's obviously we both had to go
because we have two cars now he's
missing his nap so he's really tired and
we just got to grab some stuff talk
about I'll help with the road trip yeah
I'm kind of thinking that he'll be more
tired and then he'll sleep for most of
it that would be ideal and like the plan
yeah you said a guy with whole things
for the road trip and them go so Missy
and I are getting our bags packed for
the road trip it's nice because we get
to use our new luggage finally but I am
debating whether or not to go with
folding my clothes or rolling my clothes
I'm actually watching a youtube video
about how to do it properly and I rolled
this one shirt and I mean it's an
extra-large so it's like takes up the
whole length of the suitcase Missy's not
convinced at all I'm not a folder
I've always folded my shirts and so I
was like well you know maybe I'll just
try rolling maybe it'll actually help
for the wrinkles sit right there and
look all cute thank you
tell me in the comments are you a folder
or are you roller because this girl
this lady is convinced that there are
folders and there are rollers out there
and you basically have to pick a side
here's how she taught me to do it place
the shirt face down and then fold in the
sleeves so you're still doing foots
unfolding okay holding still gonna
happen and then you roll from the base
the vase yeah she's really into
rolling very good roller okay and you
rollin smooth rolling smooth rolling
smooth so now I have that next tomb
butcher
I don't know that safe space that
seriously doesn't seem like a safe space
but I'm gonna try it you've got all of
our on the road stuff I'm getting ready
to packed getting ready packed up come
on
karma get in here um so we've got all
kinds of snacks and drinks and sippy
cups and it'll probably actually end up
all going in here we're just trying to
get everything together I'm going to
throw away this pork because it's not
going to last another week and we're
gonna make steak tonight so what
actually Bryan just went upstairs to
take a nap and so we kind of left me in
charge of making dinner and I'm kind of
stressing out about it maybe came over
cuz you wanna hang out with ollie
and I was like here you asked me I was
like where are you like where are you
and she's like I'm in here is she's
under here watching blogs you're
watching us narcissus I know he is loves
watching baby Holly huh so she's under
this thing Papa's here go c9 into him Oh
to uncle saying I need uncle ah
technically he's saying nine I am
bye-bye for a week thank oh this is
where the cuddles come in all right
night-night
oh yeah another one oh did you I don't
know this kid is the cutest thing ever
all right we're going night-night
Brian's actually still napping because
we're going to be leaving tonight so
we're just letting him sleep as long as
possible I'm making there so we've got
rolls and green beans in here cooking
and then mashed potatoes right here
which I'm on mixed up for me because I
was putting oli to bed and now for
steak I really hope I don't overcook it
or undercook it or just mess it all up
but I've got it on high which I don't
know if I'm so stupid Bryan always yells
at me when it's on high but I'm trying
to get nice and hot so and voila we've
got steak hopefully they're cooked good
we've got green beans which look delish
and mashed potatoes technically we are
planning on leaving within an hour so
you should probably get up wake himself
up and no one has to worry about hashtag
Bruce Norbit he's doing great and my mom
will be taking care of him while we're
gone apparently Brian is really tired
and he's really trying to get in just a
few more minutes so I'm gonna start
eating without him look at my juicy
steak whew mmm Brian you're really
missing out on this very hot was just
dinner all right guys this big old car
is all packed
crap but I forget clothes where we're
going we need pillows apparently all
right guys I am up for my nap and we
have the car packed I ate an amazing
dinner thanks to my lovely wife and now
is the time to get all we put him to bed
early tonight do you think it'll help my
plan was I wanted him to go to bed early
then get a little bit of sleep in and
then hopefully when we transfer to the
car he'll just fall right back to sleep
yeah hopefully he'll sleep through the
whole Drive that we might even be there
before he wakes up that would be like
country really Missy he's gonna sleep
for three days like so we're going all
the way to the East Coast it's gonna
take a while Kylie hopefully he doesn't
wake up
and here we go ladies and gentlemen we
are getting gas to make sure that we are
all feel that for our first track oli is
asleep so what is he dead or the
complete success look at them he's
sleeping Hey
actually going pretty good you see
doesn't go to bed until like midnight it
30 she's like meeting her chair
background lighting that's not happening
and guess what audio book
we're down guys
once me to listen to 50 shades of grey
she's read of all she loves up to be
like turn it off you guys were going
through big girls I've never been to
Vegas and I am like completely at all I
don't understand there's a female light
coming out of this pyramid over here
going through it there's the pyramid
also push Judy it's a hotel
oh yeah it looks like a hotel my gosh so
I like that look so cool I want to stay
there so bad why is there castle my gosh
where's Brittany okay where's briefing
with the lake I want to go there here
they are
big old buildings hey here's a Bellagio
those like a Cirque de Soleil Oh
Oh
Penn and Teller are not building over
there oh wow check the building's out
ROG I'm so excited you're gonna wake up
the baby me
you're Caesars Palace yeah that's it
Caesars Kolodziej Caesars Pollachi Oh
and actually end the log right here we
have a wall
is more driving tomorrow
but I hope you guys can get it on your
phone
wish estates
I want to hear you eating it right here
nor like or not
I love stop I'm going to kill you - whoa
it's so close
what are you doing stop wait you're free
you're free compound anyways yes I
really only want to show with me a lot
all right Socrates thought you look good
studying uh I'm eating a cookie
