Oh common does not like it
it's gotten luck I'm looking put it on
yeah yo arrr matey
Oh
good morning guys
I have been unpacking everything like
crazy and guess what I'm really proud
myself
everything's unpacked and all of our
clothes are already washed and cleaned
I'm so good huh
I'm like ask him for compliment I washed
for loads and folded them and put them
all away last night so and a little bit
today so always waking up for his nap so
I thought I've been guys long see how
he's feeling how are you we can't blow
grouchy oh look at the face you woke up
like this huh how you feeling your nose
looks pretty good you want your place in
the kitchen how you feeling okay
Oliver woke up a little bit stuffed up
this morning um but he's eating again
which this was so picky when we were on
vacation like he just wouldn't eat a lot
of anything but he ate a really good
breakfast and so I'm happy for that you
would that what you want in Oh
singing to you oh you got your fog look
at it that's all I wanted he's wanted
your Fox huh he's so cute okay oh yeah
he took a nice good nap and I think he's
feeling a little bit better yeah he's
still a little stuffed up but yeah yeah
that's your name and that's all your
little things laughter yeah and that's
falling off I just put that back up get
you ready for the day kay it's crazy how
when you're home how fast you go right
into your normal schedule last night we
got home and I stayed up all night
working on videos and editing and
getting everything lined up so I have a
couple of really cool videos to tell you
guys about today number one I have an
acoustic version of the
is home on my channel right now that's
linked below and I also have the year
two montage up and that one's actually
on the daily bums Channel
I had so much fun editing it just seeing
all the different things that we did
this year was really crazy when it's
like all compressed in like five minutes
of footage I'll have it linked below but
there it is I'll have it linked below so
you guys go check it out some really
amazing things that we did this year and
this year's gonna be just as crazy so
I'm really excited just looking forward
to year 3 and the surprises and the
bumps and the amazing things that I know
is going to come out of it yeah come
here come here
you just want to hold your box oh oh I
know you show the camera your Fox
shalini Fox lika QE foxes oh yeah
in guilt yeah see he woke up was kind of
a graduate but he's actually happy huh
you're happy and I'll give you this
hands up heads up oh yeah you guys hey
hey Fox
oh oh hey mr. monster what is with this
hair what did mommy do did she give you
a mohawk babe is he a little rock star
now oh I just started doing out like hey
wait I wonder what this looked like
hairspray yeah hahaha you look so cute
buddy what do you think weirded I don't
know I wouldn't do it very often
well his hair is pretty like curly so
it's kind of difficult yeah uh-huh
it's definitely gonna be hard to say
goodbye to this car you guys we rented
this SUV so we could do the road trip
and it was so nice and so comfortable so
we have to return it today I'm gonna
miss it a lot but I think it actually
showed us what we would like in a family
car because we are going to be having
another kid soon and we are going to
need something bigger and possibly even
as a second car so that's probably
something we're gonna be doing here
pretty soon but I just have loved it so
much it's nice like riding up high like
this like in the Prius you're all down
low and you're like put in your like
blue and this car you like and you're
like up high and it's it's nice but
Missy's actually behind me with ollie
we're gonna run and grab some lunch oh
there she is
hello all right I just wanted out there
but we are going to be my killer my
bikes pretty good did you want to have
that too like yeah that sounds good
we're gonna frame bars we had burrito
from Freebirds in so long that sounds
amazing I love my wife
it is battery no time look at mine says
his and Ollie you're eating rice aren't
you
what are you doing what are you do it
that's my burrito brah
eat your rice he's eating so off that
you literally wouldn't like yeah nothing
would make about noon it was just like
so so Jaime eating he's back to normal
frankly we're all back to normal but it
does mine says history yours doesn't say
hers does it he just grabbed that thank
you let's not jinx it yeah that's
amazing
I am hiding chips behind this thing
because once he sees those nothing else
matters she's all about them chips
ah I bet he lost weight babe breakfast
would not need breakfast I was talking
about the car like like what I'm not
a doctor
but now Lucky's like now
and he's rocking that Mohawk at
Freebirds miss not like it didn't work I
look at you put it on yeah no uh-oh like
a pirate keep the air oh alright and
just like pick this up it was only a
dollar at the tart it was in a random
place - $1 at Target and I was like uh
yeah let's get this dick
grab on to it hey are woody he's
actually watching Tinkerbell right now
too hot anyway yeah we went to Target
and we did a huge shopping trip look at
all this oh you have so much stuff and
I'm hoping that it will all fit in my
fridge I really think we're ready for a
second fridge in the garage just to kind
of keep things that we don't use so that
we don't want to like throw things away
because like at this point I feel like
we're good we get to the point where we
don't have room for we kind of have to
throw it out get you babe
um yeah we got tons and tons of food and
I actually also got this for under my
sink I feel like my bathrooms like super
unorganized at the moment and I was
trying to find something that will help
organize it so I got this I thought we
could put like some soaps in here and
all that so hopefully I can organize it
oh look with these guys is a pork butt
all about that nice no travel it's like
a legit but it says but yeah it's a butt
roast we're gonna do pulled pork for
Super Bowl Sunday yeah so you hear that
family my family's coming over for Super
Bowl Sunday so yeah no no we're having
pork so we got this crock pot because
we're gonna make a couple roast
stuff for tacos chicken we do a bunch of
stuff with crock pot this week and
hopefully we like it I have women we've
never really cooked in it yeah we never
does having me like amazing crock pot
recipes let us know in the comments
actually yeah
I love them I slowed the idea of like
having food in it and like smelling it
all day yeah yeah the day being able to
eat it yeah that sounds good so just
putting this all away like I said
hopefully we have room because that's
not as big as it looks she read a whole
book to him you guys how cute is that
and now it's lights out
Oliver's headed to bed he was really
good today he ate a lot he ate a really
good dinner he had a really good lunch I
feel like he's just back to his normal
self while we were on vacation he was
kinda just crazy Ollie is asleep and
that means me and Brian are making
dinner for ourselves now so Brian is
right now making no key look at this
he's like a real Italian I hope it turns
out I know last time I made it it was
way better yeah well I'm I think it'll
be good it's got potato flour how can
you go wrong yes uh and I am actually
making a like scampi sauce um like kind
of for like what you would make chicken
scampi but I wanted like a creamy like
sauce for the no key because we're not
making like chicken gnocchi soup or
anything we're just making like no key
and chicken and like creamy sauce I
thought ooh I bet like a scampi sauce
would be good so I was looking at but
this recipe and it's basically called
for like all these different seasonings
which we would never usually have but
because my mom and dad got us this
seasoning rack back here we had
everything like the dried parsley the
Italian seasoning I was super excited
all I needed to get was like some
chicken broth so we're just kind of I'm
letting that simmer right now and um
this most good yeah it does smell really
good but we're gonna sit down and have a
romantic dinner together because we
definitely couldn't get this done in
time for Ali's all right got all my no
key all cut up and floured ready to be
boiled just threw the chicken in there
to cook that up and Missy's sauce is
starting to simmer also and
there you have it ladies and gentlemen
we got our no key and we got our chicken
and that delicious sauce that Missy made
through a little cheese on top
holy cow this sauce that Missy made so
good do you like it mm-hmm
yay we had so much leftover gnocchi -
literally I used four potatoes two cups
of flour and one egg and it made so much
no key this is our leftover gnocchi that
we probably won't be able to use and I
should have froze it before I boiled it
this is like awesome of us we're like
being very daring you know ii ii ii ii
ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii dude
oh hey it's my birthday
stick to do to do to do now we're
updated
alright guys i'm gonna go ahead and end
today's vlog but i hope you guys enjoyed
it be sure you go check out the year -
montage if you haven't already links
below in the description as well as the
this is home acoustic version Jared and
I worked really hard on that so I hope
you guys enjoy it if you enjoyed this
video give it a thumbs up and we will
see you guys tomorrow
let's say
I am home
and that's where I wanna be yeah
wherever you're with me
