Goliath
just drinking their morning drinks
together huh go huh we've had it yeah
you're cold
mommy warm him up he's gold good morning
guys I'm wearing my luxurious robe that
Missy got me and actually it's the same
as that color as the slippers babe
I think they're the same same brand
actually now that I think about it I
know that's awesome so warm and comfy
because it's cold outside and our house
down here I think just has ridiculous
insulation because it's freezing but we
are all up for the day
Hollywood ooh you want for breakfast he
wants high tech that sounded like he
said I want waffles you need a waffle
maker babe I'd love to make homemade
waffles mmm you eaten bananas and
pancakes whoa slow down one at a time
okay you're not loading ammo do you guys
see that light going on and off that's
ollie playing with his little giraffe
toy he's not gonna go to sleep if he's
playing with that
all ego Nene Shh it's like oh no I don't
wanna alright guys we are out at the
mall and I'm with my mom and I'm mad boy
and actually headed to Sephora and we're
just going to go run a couple errands
and grab some things and shop and have
fun so if I'm hungry I'm always hungry
and like I could eat a snack pretty much
I eat and then I'm trying to figure out
what I want to eat next
I'm just weird like that bye you guys we
are off to go have some beer for it and
my moms like probably just now because
she has been whined about like finding
that like is really good for her skin
and
she asked someone here and so they want
to like take off all her makeup which
she does not like doing and so she was
you know all makeup and she's going to
basically find the perfect product that
like oh yeah
I'm leaving my mom at Sephora while they
you know do whatever they want to do and
she's like super nervous about it I feel
really bad but hopefully they find
something that she likes and then maybe
she'll be there happy but she had an
appointment at the Apple store in like
just a few minutes so I'm gonna go ahead
and do the appointment for her while
she's doing that her computer's been
just acting up and being weird so we're
gonna take it in and see if anything's
wrong with it just got done with the and
all's good with her computer she thought
something was wrong with it but nothing
wrong look her face is back on I
couldn't show you guys her face off or
anything but Davis would've been dead
but yeah they get her her makeup and
actually really like what they did so I
feel like she might have actually found
some cool stuff that she liked um
anyways now we're headed involve me
dolly are in the process of building the
tallest Lego blocks so let's see how how
we can get it alright so here it is
right here and just start it we're
putting right here so does it fall over
ready okay lets you put this on here can
you put keep with the Lego right on top
I'm not bad that's not Lego here put
this on top dude oh yeah thank you here
don't put it right here yeah I put it
right there
ready keep it this one on top right
there
good job okay gonna get keep it dissing
on top
good job yay
now we gotta put all these ones down
almost is calling you oh we have a nice
big piece right here keep it that one on
top don't mess it up Holly come here
come here
nope touching the one okay mm really
nope alright stand next to it look how
tall it is yeah we're not even done yet
oh it's so tall huh huh alright now we
gotta go even taller you guys see this
thing it's not even done yet
see Ollie cut tall it is good it's so
tall it's almost like if these weren't
faulted ceilings it's almost up to that
ceiling actually I found a few more box
- I better we could get up to the
ceiling do you think we can to the
ceiling why in the world can try and
talk touch the top that's the top of it
you're like Goliath you made it fun you
stinker it's so bright out here you guys
see how bright it is it's so bright
outside look at this kid
he's so happy wha what why are you so
happy
can you put your socks on mm-hmm you
can't he don't wanna how's it going
today guys Missy and I are running into
Cole's I have vlogs like hardly anything
today because she actually left him we
only have one camera right now to vlog
on
so probably until I go to Cambodia we're
gonna be stuck with one camera and now
the battery's flashing so that's great
we've been using this camera for like
three days now without charging the
battery and it looks like it's just
about to die so we'll have to consider
serve it put your boots on kid we got
some stuff to get okay we're shooting
the music video we need your mom to look
hot
all right so we got to buy some stuff
some hot stuff right babe I'm gonna buy
you some sexy clothes something to make
this look good dude day huh the green
ones socks the red striped shirt oh hey
I have brand new socks here he's so
beautiful
this is it like watch him watching us
hey I have to pluto's okay so daddy
he just keeps grabbing faffing animals
you got to pluto's you're so silly
oh okay huh just keep swimming just keep
swimming swimming swimming just keep
swimming
this is silly yeah close is that puto
yeah does he go woof woof woof hey Missy
you have a sweet tooth
all he's like all my juice is gone yeah
we are on a hunt for all types of
different kinds of Oreos and we're not
going to tell you why
yeah so we're actually going to keep
looking out for even more different
flavored Oreos and you're not gonna find
out why until later should be fun
but this conspiracy theories roll in the
comments it's all I got to say cheat
there you go
he'll think it's apple juice I know
that's just water mom so we parked way
over there and I had to walk all the way
down back to Target to return the cart
so now I have got myself a little
chauffer Missy hates when he hates when
I'm getting in the car and it's locked
and I just like tickle the handle back
and forth okay it just stresses me out
that I can't do with any password she
does she goes slower what I did
does nice little trick to get you to
drive huh yeah nice nice one all right
you got a fresh clean baby talk radius
it's so cute and clean and smell good
mmm not very good not all he's getting
ready could been he's all trying to joy
off hey whoop nigga baby are you getting
ready for bed
yeah I'm not yeah can you say
night-night huh who is that your toy
when I show them your toy so we got in
this toy because the last couple nights
he has been waking up and just being
like really I don't know if he's like
kind of scared at night or if he just
really wants us to come in and cuddle
him but it's one of these cute little
sleepy toys and he literally will wake
up and just like click this thing on and
off on and off huh I enough on and
actually has like a little on button and
then it plays music oh you like it on so
it plays music and it has like a bunch
of different songs so it's got like
nature sound
and then it's got music and he loves the
music he grabs it and he just cuddles it
and rocks is so cute
but he loves it so I kind of let him
play with it or let him put it in his
crib but sometimes I have to take it out
because he likes to play with it a
little too much hey guys so we have had
a crazy busy night it's actually one in
the morning and the battery died so I
had to charge it so I could end the vlog
but we've been filming all night for the
this is home music video and we knocked
like two scenes out of the park which is
a really awesome deal so tomorrow we're
going to do a lot of filming as well and
it's exciting because it's like finally
all coming together I did put a new
video out on my channel if you guys
haven't seen it I did my camera
collection a lot of it linked below and
if you guys haven't heard the little
snippet preview sneak peek of this is
home I'll have that linked below as well
thank you guys so much for all the
support I can't believe there's almost
10,000 likes on that little preview like
that's insane
you guys are just again so supportive I
know I talked a lot about this yesterday
but it's just it's a huge thing in my
life right now so I want to talk about
it because I want to remember this I
want to look back and remember how I
felt and and what it was like but yeah
that's all for today's vlog I hope you
guys enjoyed it click thumbs up if you
did and we will see you guys manana bye
okay to put them on okay put them on
your ears yeah so I got this is home the
full version on my iPhone and we're
gonna have Ollie listen to it Hey
you like it here comes the chorus what
do you think
