oh hey thanks for joining us no you
don't gain or far or poop
it C is technique different kind of girl
she's like a robot
hey guys and good morning we are
actually getting ready to have some
lunch always down for his nap and we
have a very very busy day actually I'm
lying we have a very very busy week we
just are getting ready to go on our road
trip and we have a ton of stuff to get
done not to mention Bryan is getting
ready to like release his new song and
we are like so excited I don't know if
you guys know but I'm sure he'll talk
about it later today as well but he just
got his new song yesterday and we
listened to it and it was amazing and
we're just like dying to show you guys
it but we just want to make sure that we
you know get everything done like
correctly and properly so that when you
guys listen to it it's gonna be awesome
and so um yeah we definitely want to try
and film like a music video and all
kinds of stuff so we just have like a
really really super busy week and we're
trying to get ready for our road trip
but I am making some coconut shrimp I
especially love the orange marmalade
sauce so good also my hair is a disaster
I haven't done my hair today how did you
did you have fun yesterday I know we
left you out of Disneyland I'm sorry I'm
sorry
oh my gosh you guys I'm getting really
emotional right now if you can't tell I
just posted a 15-second preview of my
song on Instagram oh you guys are so
amazing I'm just reading I'm going
through comments right now on the
Instagram and I'm like oh my gosh they
actually like it are they actually gonna
like it they're actually gonna want to
listen to it and and buy it and listen
to it and watch the video I never would
have imagined this would ever happen you
know what I mean I never really wrote a
song before and now it's like it's
almost here it's almost here you guys
this is home is going to be on iTunes on
January 20th hopefully if everything
goes correctly with iTunes they said
it's been taking a little while because
of holidays but um he said probably
gonna be up on the 20th if that's my
release date so before I post this you
guys I was so nervous I had goose bumps
and I like my throat was closing up and
I was like maybe I shouldn't post
preview just maybe I shouldn't have
maybe maybe they won't like it maybe
it's
as good as I think it is and I just I
need to have confidence in myself and I
need to I need to believe in and what I
did you know and I believe in this and I
thank you guys so much because like I
couldn't do things like this if it
wasn't for you guys like no job I would
not need no confidence to do something
like this you know like I used to sing a
lot when I was young and I just stopped
because I was bullied a lot in school
for it it was tough because it was
something that I loved and I stopped and
I don't know why I should have never
stopped you know I've used other things
to express my creativity but now just
adding music to it is really fulfilling
and I'm just oh so happy you guys thank
you guys so much you don't even know
like what this means to me
so if you guys want to see a preview you
have it yet go to my Instagram Instagram
comm / Bryan Lanning alright guys I just
got home from Target and I did a little
bit of shopping just um had to get some
milk and fabric softener and all that
good stuff but while I was there I got a
couple of things I got a big bucket
because I'm having meeting like stuff
for storage like all volleys old clothes
and stuff Bryan isn't wanting this for
like a super long time and so I had to
get it for you is the dinosaur robot no
is it a nerf gun no hang on help me get
it no Lego sack a rollover jam I'm gonna
look classy yeah and I good yeah me car
too babe it's soft now we can wear our
robes together it's so song do you love
it is this oh this is so cool it's got
pockets - do I look like a P IM p oh i
got you something to ollie this is for
our road trip so he can listen to your
song over and over
oh my god volume limited for safety yeah
and I like cute little headphones you
think I'll actually wear these well he
was wearing yours a little bit he was
listening to Brian's song with his beats
on he was like check out these adorable
little headphones always obsessed okay
you want to put them on and I don't
okay you sit for the one okay put them
on your ears thank you so I got this is
home the full version on my iPhone and
we're gonna have Ollie listen to it okay
you like it here comes the chorus what
do you think you like it you like it if
you don't like it all he just tell me
okay
you can be honest oh my gosh babe this
is amazing he's never worn headphones
before and loved one especially not this
long that is so cool that Ollie just
listened to my song and he loves it
seven days well six days for you guys
six days till this is home is on iTunes
oh so cute that he loves it really guys
today's been so productive I think we've
been productive
not really oh we've been like
counterproductive actually because every
time we think we're doing something good
you're not doing something like I shot a
whole video it might be up the link
might be below in the description I'm
not sure because I completely forgot
something that's very important so I
kind of have to reshoot the entire thing
so and then I shot video I shot a video
and I didn't turn the mic on so it's
completely silent like I couldn't even
like use the camera of mic because
it's silent so I did a a 20 minute video
that I was going to edit down completely
done like nothing and then I like went
to film again and then the light was
totally messed up and then I went to
film again and the car the memory card
was full oh I was like so mad by the end
of town I was done and I'm still kind of
added to the point where I don't really
want to edit the stuff that I said like
four times
so anyways but we tried we tried trying
really hard you know what we did get Sun
like we were supposed to like felt paper
work today and we finally got that done
so yeah we did good it so got a few
things done yeah so we don't have
anything for dinner and we really don't
feel like going grocery shopping right
now so I think we shouldn't grab so we
have a very creaky baby thank you he's
not on the best of mood so we're kind of
sticky let's go grab some food and get
him to bed ASAP so we can really decided
to go to Texas Roadhouse and all I found
a little buddy
keep speaking his head up and like like
teasin what do you think Missy he wants
a baby we had to go to Texas because
it's loud and Ollie was not easily like
hanging out in the blue
jumpin up and down peeking over this
thing huh you gave me a hug
like can you please make that happen you
see I split the three little filet
medallions good Hey
are you so excited you want a baby
sister don't you like yes yes a brother
or a sister right since we're going to
Texas Roadhouse you guys get a sweet
potato and load it up because it's
amazing that's the only way Missy eats
it now anyway yeah
I was just saying this how we were
trying to teach him like stack and look
at him go pepper on the ketchup salt on
the pepper almost oh my gosh why is our
kid so smart you're amazing
okay let's try the salt on the bottom
pepper on top ah still doesn't balance
does it
oh hey I don't snore
thanks for joining us no you don't yay
or fart or poop Missy is perfect a
different kind of girl she's like a
robot
oh hey guys today we are going to do
some shout outs for some water of laughs
donors are you ready babe you know yeah
Rachael Hinkle and Janie statue it's
thank you for your donation pair fun so
odd
seoeon z joy pair is our talent manager
thank you guys yeah Anna Louise Hobbes
and charity Roseman thank you so much
Annika Coon earth and Stephanie royster
thank you Christina silly on oh and
Cynthia Galindo thank you so much we
couldn't have done this without you yeah
Whitney Webster and Caroline Johnson and
wow that's a tough last name angel
Strauss and Noah klingspor y'all are
awesome for donating Casey Edwards in
Brooklyn would thank you Jeanine Bell
and Daniel Sam Muto
Rebecca argument and the dimino family
thank you guys so much
seriously Karma's saying thank you right
now to Kremlin so do you think you happy
- I bet you donated your did you're
gonna look at me and just know it he's
gonna lick me Mac there it is okay all
right and you're done all right that's
all for today's blog I hope you guys
enjoyed it we do have more shout outs
that we will do soon give the vlog a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and we'll
see tomorrow I'm gonna go put on my robe
and add it to our ropes together give a
goodbye
I have to make it like
