good morning guys can you say good
morning oli you say good morning I have
the best wife ever you guys she brought
me coffee in bed
that was amazing Missy oh my gosh it's
so good I'm drinking out of my Alcatraz
cup and it's a donut house coffee from
the Keurig and it's this really yummy
cream that we got international dry cold
stone creamier sweet cream really good
stuff and you didn't put too much babe
it's so good great way to wake up in the
morning that's I know what are you doing
making you banana pancakes YUM and ham
yep
yes so normally we put those in the
pancakes while they're cooking maybe
smash mended we're like kind of mush
them in now today we're going to try and
like mix them in so that it's super
banana Ollie's walking around with his
drink this morning all you wanted Cheers
can you cheers Cheers
he's like why did you just hit your
drink with my drink
he's so confused but I swear he's like
intrigued this is coffee it's hot
pancake flipping action you ready for
this
Oh perfect
all right guys banana pancakes are a
success I'm gonna get a couple dollars
he's got one cooking on the stove right
now hey no don't feed him he's like let
her like um screw the oatmeal coffee's
open your family banana pancake try that
no yeah I think he's just putting in his
spot
no no okay there you go they're all numb
there's so much more banana flavor like
when you mash it up like that not good I
don't like bananas in my food so I just
have regular pancakes
Burhan look how delicious does look go
good stuff I'm buddy Mama's bringing you
a pancake now look at your little
pancake oh it looks bad oh yeah okay
look at your little pancake he likes it
he had all the ones I guess yeah it
smells good babe
I don't know what I was thinking but I
got all a dress this morning for the day
nice and early because I wanted whatever
he was wearing to be the outfit that he
wore for the rest of the day meaning
even for like naps and stuff like that
because sometimes if he's wearing like
jeans I always take him off if he's wear
take them off if he's wearing jeans for
a nap because I think wearing jeans
while you're sleeping is really
uncomfortable I put him in that
kilo-alpha
earlier and then he totally destroyed it
so I'm so bummed it was like the perfect
office now he's gonna wear this one it's
got a little moose on it and it's still
nice and warm and cozy and he can still
wear it and not nap time and stuff but
I'm kind of bummed because I had that up
I like changed and specifically for it
but here's the crazy kid and your messy
you're a messy baby huh and there he is
all dressed and looking adorable
can you try and keep this one clean my
love you reading Noah's Ark
is it very interesting all kinds of
animals in there huh oh it's not
interesting holy you can't say that
that's about the Bible you like all the
animals has a giraffe and elephants and
tigers and animals all my karma he
doesn't want you playing with that time
to tear up another page of my grumpy cat
calendar January 12 Monday happy
birthday I hid your present in the
litter box a grumpy cat I thought we
were friends
and if we were friends you would know
that my birthday is not today
it's a week from today it's my birthday
we put the dirt my birthday's on January
20th I'm gonna be 25 this year that
seems weird I want 25 as always the the
year that people are like where do you
go to think here where do you think
you're gonna be when you're 25 and then
you go
uh-uh uh-uh good question but yeah week
from today maybe 25 a week from today my
first original single is going to be
released I think I'm gonna get to hear
it finally today as soon as I do I'll
put up a little preview on my Instagram
as well for you guys I'm so excited
excited yeah I'm actually all ready for
the day and I got my walking shoes on
can you guys guess why can you guess why
we're gonna be walking a lot today Missy
and I are going to Disney and we're
going just the two of us we've been
tracking and hearing rumors that today
Monday is actually the slowest day of
Disney because this is the day that a
lot of kids have started going back to
school after Christmas break so I think
today's gonna be a really nice slow day
at Disney and we're gonna get to ride a
bunch of the kid rides be me you're
gonna watch Ollie right don't let him do
anything bad no hardcore drugs no
partying you're so loud music I know
back my tang yeah let me wanna party I
know right last night I told Brian and
she's probably gonna like put him down
for his nap and then go pick up Cassie
and he's like up make sure she takes all
can we discuss going to Disneyland child
it's the greatest thing ever
we're gonna ride India Jones and start
tours I did this and this is where they
learned it I just leave my kids and they
one day these are pictures of me yeah
like is that the day you left us with
Grandma how was the day you guys went to
the bank the bank was like the worst
thing ever so is that a thing it was the
bank I would say we're going to the bank
and they were like me do I wanna go to
the bank but I didn't take them and we
had a great time can you give me a hug
okay he's like okay bye thank you
we're off to Disneyland and it's just me
and Brian and no baby and it kinda makes
me feel slightly guilty but we're gonna
have a really fun day today and it's
always fun to just hang out with this
guy and just
like husband in life and it's fun
instead of mom and dad you don't I mean
you guys had it picked up on all of our
very subtle hints we are actually headed
on a road trip as a family next week and
I'm be honest I do not like road trips I
have been on way too many road trips in
my lifetime since living in Idaho and
driving back and forth in California and
I just do not like being in the car for
that long it stresses me out we decided
that we're going to be listening to
Outlander the book on audible.com and
we're really excited because I love
Outlander and the show is actually
coming back on Starz in just a couple of
months and if you guys don't know about
audible.com it's amazing and my dad has
literally been using it for years
because he's a truck driver and he told
me like yesterday he's like I Ford books
on audible.com can actually get a free
book and a free month of service using
audible.com slash daily bumps the link
will be down below and they just have
awesome customer service if you don't
like your book you can actually return
it and get a different one if you guys
have any suggestions for books for us to
listen to for our road trip please leave
them in the comments below so that we
can find a good book to read and we have
arrived - it's bright we are on the
GoPro because we are packing it light
today and
so hopefully this isn't too distorted
yeah damn scared me nothing
we're travelling very light today no
stuff let's do this here all those signs
so many animals here really though I
pretty sure they're fake right no
they're totally real are you telling me
there's an owl in that in that tunnel
right there I asked you a lion in there
too definitely a lion in that this is so
nice though it is a lot slower today and
it's like feels really good out it's
just I think this part of them there's
there's a little fish I know if you guys
can see but it's real it's just very
nice and serene and pretty and usually
you can't hear this because it's an EP
you know I'm glad we came today
I love you I'm eating your hair right
now yes why'd you do that Frank we made
it to the heart of the jungle welcome to
the Cambodian shrine and holy jesus
record look
that's a 500-pound indo-chinese Tiger
kids now these Tigers could jump up to
20 feet however we're 15 feet away so
they'll jump right over
is it the famous Jeffrey Natalia what up
guys
dude we ditch the kids for Disneyland
how amazing is that
how do you Missy Missy feels kind of
guilty for ditching the kids how do you
guys feel I feel good
got some lunch we got grilled cheese and
tomato soup house-made
chips and a turkey sandwich I gotta say
he looks a lot better and it's wide open
today look at that oh is that good good
sandwich all right guys we are here with
Ben and Amy do they look familiar
do they look familiar we actually Skype
we Skype his bed and Amy when we did the
water of life side calls with you guys
don't eat it in look we ready to it
Disneyland that's so amazing I guess I'm
fun yeah you got me Peter Pan he's the
best egg skips around and like messes
with everyone gonna be here
oh we just did like Star Tours like
first thing yeah that's so great when we
were skyping we were talking about
Disneyland and how we go all the time
and they're like oh it's okay we're
going to be there Monday we're like we
are going to be there Monday well like
what we'll definitely run into you guys
it was good seeing you guys it's awesome
really appreciate the sky have a super
yeah known it was cool getting to know
you guys to yourself fun running into
you
come on you got a jig you guys took jig
on making it ever land first dole wet
totally worth the fifteen minutes we
waited in line please got a giant piece
of pineapple - did you get a flow whoa
oh you got your flow whoo it looks like
it's like straight out of the Bahamas I
like more Hawaii
dang it's been fancy up in here with the
pineapple all right guys we are getting
on the big grizzly Rapids it says you
will get wet you may get soaked we are
on a moving platform and we just tripped
this woman beautiful this is a little
wet huh it's actually pretty good
oh the seats dry thank you oh geez
to do
okay
okay look at this ice cream we got you
guys and we got chocolate and cookie
dough is he's been begging me to get
your ice cream here forever and we just
never have the time to sell it it's got
ice cream and now we're going to go and
head over and watch the Fantasmic show
but we're going to go ahead and end this
blog here just a little proper camera to
really kill them oh and as you can see
we're wearing completely different
clothes because we got soaked we had to
buy new clothes so once you got this
really cute shirt and I got this cool
sweatshirt pretty good now we're warm at
least
okay
give a thumbs up
