and that's where I wanna be
yeah wherever you're with me good
morning good morning good morning Oliver
has been crazy this morning but my
parents have these super high ceilings
with us so we're gonna do some throw
action hey and I'm a little sore okay
what oh that one that make you happy
good morning um me and Ellie woke up
early and we basically went and got
massages it was amazing and really nice
actually I feel like Brian probably
enjoyed me massages too don't you think
so I think you girls do cuz honestly the
guys have had a lot of fun yeah and you
two girls haven't had a chance to do
just something by yourself so yeah it's
perfect
oh you guys spent the morning and did
that it was really really nice but I
think I want the opposite of people
touching maybe the opposite thank you oh
that feels good so yeah we had a really
really nice morning went to this amazing
spot it was so nice and now
Ellie's parents are making us a bowls
Apple to Apple schemers Neville screws
and we'll show you what they are they
look absolutely delicious so we're
excited to eat them and maybe I'll even
figure out how to make them cuz they're
really good I'm excited to try them and
we need some breakfast and this kid's
gonna take a nap because you are grouchy
Jackson's accompany come on Jackson I
need those notes get all bundled up
there get all bundled up there k kiddo I
think he's happy cuz we're actually
taking him somewhere and not like
ditching him we've just missed you Eve
had so much fun
ooh so now we're with Ellie and Jared
still I know when are we gonna leave
geez are you guys sick of us forever bro
are you sick of me all my twerking and
gas and crew jokes we are in Farmington
and we're just gonna check out some of
these little shops over here
I took an amazing nap oh and the Apple
store yes and food I just took an
amazing nap probably four we left and I
feel really good my body's still
extremely sore from skiing yesterday
well not so much from skiing but
probably like the twelve crashes I only
put in like one of my crashes in the
vlog but I fell least a dozen times you
really are you really only put one in
there I need to I need to do like a
crash compilation on my channel I think
with all that footage Oh Lamba is cold
I'm wearing a sweater and I think I'm
gonna have to put on a jacket - but it's
getting up there maybe for new fresh
fruit cobbler Cove
here we go we got the YouTube baby crew
oh it looks like they have an ice
skating rink over here we're at this
place called twigs and I just got this
brown butter nokey with roasted
butternut squash oh my gosh that looks
so good Ellie good choice what do you
call this place
20 twigs haha same thing yeah same thing
Holly are you having fun tormenting
everyone Holly can you feed Jackson
people oh just one Jackson to catch it
in his mouth even - Jackson you just did
it up ollie
seriously buddy ollie
auntie Ellie's been giving them all the
Cheerios I know they're like no Cheerios
like I shouldn't do this
Ollie come on get down come on
sit down take your time cool
Thank You Missy what is this they just
dropped off on our table how'd that why
did they do that we don't do we didn't
order this it's millions into the smell
good oli he's gonna put his face in it
yo you ready no baby
there's a bird coming out of that book
weird Oh Swan rides it's cold his butt
would get cold
put a great little shopping place this
is gonna see if she can check out the
lush oh look at there's a girl on the
Swan
golly look at the puppy Jared and I are
in our all-time favorite store the Apple
store and look they have all decked out
like a big gallery of pictures and stuff
taken on the iPhone Missy we got you a
new case she's been using my old green
one show off your cool color come on do
you like it now it's a watermelon oh
look at that it's but it's this one now
and I got pink one I like it babe guy is
ready for a nap he keeps like drifting
like ah yeah all he had a good time in
the stores he was running around
touching everything it was quite fun all
right we are getting ollie all fed for
the night easy in a PB&J sandwich
chillin on the counter hey you want to
hear the funny story we planned our trip
here but for some reason we didn't
really plan it back yeah when are you
leaving in time for like maybe we should
actually meet tonight yeah we're gonna
leave like in the middle of the night
but I think if we get there because
we're I think we're now we're gonna
start stuff in Vegas so we're like we
get there sooner we stayed a night in
Vegas yeah well in traveling with kids
at night is so much easier than in the
day totally and we feel pretty rusted I
mean we didn't do a ton today so we
slept he slept in took a nap and stuff
so yeah I mean we can do it
I always had so much fun with you guys
just like one of our own my view notes
and all the boys are plated yeah and
look who it is
the woman of the hour
we're leaving yeah is it okay can we
leave yeah are you gonna come back well
maybe if you'll have us yeah I heard
you're Pro mom is the best smoothest
most amazing ski she goes down the
mountain it's like funner yeah oh okay I
tried to say if if if Jennifer had a
YouTube channel this would be the part
where I shout her out and tell you to go
subscribe your channel but I'm not gonna
do that
so I'm just gonna say thank you so much
for your hospitality she's been amazing
seriously you are one great grandma you
are amazing
you and your family ha ha you are
wonderful people sincerely I even signed
one of our chairs if you guys didn't see
an Ellie enjoy wog you guys want to find
that nice and rich I'm gonna date it and
we'll have Missy sign it - oh oh you did
sign it did okay oh there you go she
she's on top of it alright all these
tiny go night-night
yeah you go night-night come on always
got to go to bed for at least an hour
maybe like 30 minutes or an hour before
we head out for a road trip so he's got
to hang on I to everyone for the last
time nah see Nene
from oh my goodness oh my goodness your
God really say night-night Ali I just
don't know that's why I wanna go she's
like I don't wanna come nein nein
okay say night-night uncle dear say 9a
today let go of my leg Julie is like not
easily I don't want to give this house
that's all okay
say my name is last person that's your
yes your favorite oh the only way you
are such a pain
let's just all right right up to a
lather yeah all right
you said night night everyone now it's
time it's time okay mm-hmm good night we
have to say goodbye now my best buddy in
the whole world thanks so much I think
knocked up light Oh get in here
we love you I was just gonna say we've
all just kids best friends not not weird
it's kinda normal
this is Marshall black for making the
trip Utah's beautiful
so yeah you gotta make manage it but I
want to watch my shining our next trip
hahaha already oh yeah your phone or
something yeah I've got protection
purple nurple protection to have cuz
that happens all the time
alright ok it's really hard seeing you
guys
thanks for making the trip and thank you
guys for watching there for you when the
rains our support for come you'll be
there for me
- okay three two one good job well now
we have to leave so goodbye you can't
leave yet we're not lost
okay I'll in the book so now we are on
our way we have another road trip ahead
of us and we're gonna have a ton of fun
but we're gonna miss these guys if you
guys are not subscribed to Ellie and
Jared please go subscribe to him I'll
have a link below in the description I'm
also gonna have a link below in the
description for sanika we hung out with
this week and also bani le sister on her
channel so go subscribe to them show
them what - love Bonnie actually not
something really cool and her channel
that you guys will like - but we'd a
blast hanging out thank you guys so much
thank you for seriously come to Utah you
guys it's beautiful
come see us why you do they have
beautiful people here - look at these
I'm glad that were do you see you guys
in two weeks so it won't be like strong
you're like okay
no shake thank you your conventions yes
you guys enjoyed our Utah travels be
sure to click that thumbs up button
check out those links in the description
and we will see you guys tomorrow
I don't know what I'm editing this so
holy huge thing wait wait wait wait
right there
it's ready okay Oh what we also need one
going to the baby cake
I am home
that's where I wanna be yeah wherever
you're with me
