good morning from Chelsea in Wyoming
Austin Carolina hey I'm Carly I'm Jayden
good morning around Winnipeg Manitoba
Canada forget it boring guys this is
Abigail and Tasha we are private
Texas say hi good morning from Ava
Circle in Toronto
from Sydney Australia hi guys I'm grace
morning from Pennsylvania good morning
I'm Jessica from London hi everyone good
morning from Houston Texas
hey I'm Georgia and listen Raleigh and
good morning from Melbourne Australia
good morning from Bryan and Nikki and
Ollie in Southern California
say good morning oli hey good morning
like I got my milk I'm good he is a
smiley baby this morning but he seems to
have had a little accident let's go down
here Oh No
oli you poo pooed in your pants
hey yo you're supposed to use the potty
member we got you a potty for a reason
oh he's like I know exactly where the
point he is so smart about the potty now
you guys it's crazy look what we got
going on this morning
pancakes Cassie made us pancakes and
she's been helping us out a ton with oli
because we've been doing Skype calls all
morning having a ton of fun getting to
meet people Ollie you're naked are you
playing the ball with Koda
say Koda he say Koda does couldn't know
his name yet you think so oh there we go
you did it stinky bottom report for duty
oh we don't see this in a while huh
there you go
Oh careful go stinky but you got a
report for duty come on report for duty
we have evacuation project chocolate
pants ha ha ha
get at the seat grumpy cat box calendar
time
today is January 10th Saturday and
grumpy cat says happy that word does not
appear in my personal dictionary I'm
gonna be honest you guys I've been
forgetting to tear these off in real
life and in the blogs which I guess is
real life in double real life I didn't
forgetting to tear these offs in both of
my real lives so I had to do a little
bit of catching up but I still love my
grumpy cat box calendar I'm thinking
should I get a second box calendar like
a different theme have it somewhere
in the house and then tear that one off
for you guys too so I can go back and
forth I guess getting bored of grumpy
cat come please like my BAE so don't say
anything bad about her in the comments
okay but I have a new addition to my
office if you guys watch my office tour
I never showed this because I just did
it I found one of those hook things at
Target and it looks like a metal like
nice hook but it actually is just
sticking with one of those like strips
and that's what I hang my backpack on oh
and I just I got this backpack actually
for Cambodia and for travel to make
travel a little easier it's like a denim
and brown leather thing and if you're
wondering why there is a bunch of
writing on here it's because I've
actually been shooting some stuff for my
single that's going to be coming out on
my birthday on the 20th and got some
really cool artwork plans for that I
think i'ma shoot in front of it too I
may change some of the words but I think
it looks pretty cool like all right now
in cursive like that that's all the
lyrics of the songs if you guys want to
pause and read through it alright don't
stop yeah I can I mean it's already
there it can't I can't tell you what to
do you're kind of your own person hey
guys alright so he's probably just left
for the day
we had a really really super busy
morning and we had a ton of fun
literally talking to so many people
across the entire world like they was
London in Australia and all over America
and it was really really fun so um and
we're like getting close to being done
with all of our Skype calls and so we're
like at close to like 30 Skype calls
that we've done and it's been so cool
talking to like so many different people
with so many different stories and
different life styles and it's really
neat anyways we all had
nice family nap together just a really
relaxing Nam it was so nice it was much
needed
anyways I literally ran out of all dish
things possible like dish detergent dish
soap
anything to clean my dishes my kitchen
is an absolute disaster so I was like I
have to go to the store so we're headed
to Ralph's and I'm feeling much better
today um it's funny because I mentioned
yesterday that I wasn't feeling good not
thinking anything about it just that I
wasn't feeling good simple as that and
the comments were literally like
pregnant I was not pregnant I was the
opposite of pregnant I don't realize
that I need to announce every time I'm
the opposite of pregnant people yeah
usually when a woman tells you she's not
feeling well and she doesn't tell you
why it's cuz she's the opposite of like
everyone knows what the opposite of
pregnant is right pretty much okay I
would think so I'm not pregnant
so anyways I'm not pregnant no worried
um and we were ready to announce that we
are pregnant whenever that you're not
happen you'll know you'll know
but anyways I'm feeling much better
today and we're gonna head into rouse
and I'm gonna get something that I've
been craving but that doesn't mean I'm
creepy oh wait I kind of all makes sense
now you haven't been feeling well you've
been begging me to get this thing that
you're craving you've been kind of
irritable lately as well that's true I
have an irritable look what about your
boobs are your boobs tender okay okay
I'm not pregnant not really it's a
process getting him out oh yeah
he's got his drink and I've got a little
snack for him and it is actually
surprisingly
besides outside I think it's more gloomy
than it was yesterday
yeah that's pretty grey skies and I've
been talking to people around the world
and people are telling us that it's like
negative 20 degrees outside it's
definitely not cold here I'm even
wearing from the flaps
that's how not cold jolly girl yeah I
can wear flip-flops all your on I would
love
anyways headin store oh oh you want some
of this okay hang on I got hands this is
what Missy's been craving it's so
spinach artichoke and Parmesan jam not
like weird stuff like this this is we we
just go back from the grocery store
and I want to ask miss you something hey
miss um Santa pillow thoughts we have a
Santa pillow and a joy pillow both
clearly Christmas
you cannot say goodbye to Christmas I
don't have any pills right now I don't
like get rid of him yet
we got Ellen on in the background and
Missy and I have been cleaning I swept
and vacuumed she's been cleaning the
kitchen cuz we're about to make some
dinner stage went by so fast it's they
go by fast babe is the cause of our nap
in the middle of the day when you nap in
the middle today the day just goes by
fast where my son go hey Ally uh why are
you walking like that why are you
walking like that you got a turd in
there what are you doing
what are you doing cutie ah give Carla
hugs
Oh give Carla hugs Ollie oh he's giving
you hugs karma ah you and karma get
along so well don't you oh yeah give the
cow a hug
ah give the joy pillow a hug ah this kid
will hug anything what about his raccoon
give give raccoon a hug karma now is not
yours give reckon he's like nothing's
gross alright so we got that bread and
that spinach artichoke cheese dip that
miss you wanted all at you excite you
can eat some of that cheese yeah yeah
you want to try some see if he likes it
babe
we made a chicken pasta penne this is
like a weekly favorite in this house I
used actual basil pesto
from classic oh the same brand that we
get the sauce from and so I think it's
going to taste even better and it looks
cooler too it's not as green but it
still looks cool I'm just so hungry and
I feel like this doesn't feel like
dinner to me it just feels way too early
like I said like a nap just throws off
your entire day that's funny
we doing that a Ditka you the
anticipation is just as much as the
kickoff
I'm more like scratching his belly I
know he's about ready for another
haircut but look at those curls they
came back it's not a special thing baby
second haircut
I don't think so got out of the bath and
because we had such an early dinner it's
not quite his bedtime so maybe we'll try
and sit down and watch a movie or
something
that is all for today's vlog so I'm
going to go ahead and end it here I did
want to say that if you didn't get an
email and you are expecting a reward
from the water of life campaign because
you donated over a certain amount to
please email si how I'll have an email
below in the description so that you
guys can get ahold of us we're still
doing verbal shoutouts so those will
continue to happen throughout the next
week or so but I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog if you did give it a big
thumbs up and we will see you tomorrow
this one's moldy cheese possibly for one
caramel corn moldy cheese or caramel
corn all right what is it what beat did
you get smell it yeah oli were you
eating moldy cheese just like play
