okay this white one is either coconut or
baby wipes I think he's eating a baby
wipe before too
good morning guys um everyone is asleep
except for me that sounds amazing right
now
she is actually not feeling very well at
all she had a really rough night and a
really real
really rough early morning and I'm not
sure if she'll talk to you guys about it
but she may tell you what's going on and
that's for me I have some things I got
to get done today
so let's go first of all I just want to
totally thank you guys so much for all
the support you guys showed me on
yesterday's video we showed a sneak peek
of a song that I've been working on for
a while now called this is home and
hopefully that will be released on my
birthday he's supposed to give you the
track back pretty soon and I'll actually
share a little sneak peek on my
Instagram and then hopefully people can
buy it on my birthday that'd be the
greatest birthday present just to know
that I actually wrote a song and got all
the instrumentals done and recorded it
and released it that's amazing and I
think that's something really cool to
end year 2 with and I don't know if I've
mentioned this you guys but your 2:00 is
ending and we are going to be going into
year three on January 26th
I think January 26 is the start of year
3 pretty stinking exciting and I'll have
a really cool montage come out of all
the amazing moments that we had in year
to the sky probably feels just like
Missy does it is dull and kind of gray
outside a little bit stormy so I thought
it's a perfect day just to let Missy
rest and for me to get some stuff done
so apparently it's really hard to find
chalk anywhere Target Disney sell chalk
so I met Michaels and I got a bunch so I
should have really stocked up I also
found these many clothes pins could
totally use these for something right
so I've been having a ton of trouble
cleaning my chalkboard wall lately and I
read a little tip online to use sponges
and believe it or not coca-cola
so I'm grabbing some things at Target to
see if I get that thing squeaky clean
otherwise I don't know if I'm gonna
repaint it with chalkboard I might just
repaint it a normal thing so it's been
really cumbersome to deal with lunchtime
I picked up some street tacos from
Miguel juniors oh those look so good
and I'm also sitting here looking at
this giant sack of thank-you cards look
at this you guys Missy and I have to
sign all of these and send them to
people who got the reward for the water
of life campaign and I think they turned
out pretty good it's a cool picture of
us and it's really simple just says
thank you gots lots of space for us to
sign and I just remembered that I
completely forgot to buy sharpies I
don't even think we have sharpies to
sign those oh my gosh it's not the best
when you get home from the store and
you're like oh yeah I was supposed to
get those ah I hear you're stuck over
here hi ollie
hey dad dad come get us dad dad come get
us out oh hey Karma oh hey Karma oh hey
karma left us how are you stuck though
boy are you tired are you glued to the
bed right now
glued all he's like why can't I get out
say dad that help us do you want to just
stay in bed all day yeah I'd like to be
like uh I want to play what to get out
of this oh my gosh you are too cute
buddy come on check out what I made
ollie for lunch I got a little mini
quesadilla here which is great for him
to pick up and eat and some cut-up
grapes which he loves as well and I also
put some coconut water in his little
juice Cup thing because he hasn't been
drinking a whole lot of this and so
we're gonna try and get him back up on
it cuz this stuff is really good for you
how's that quesadilla buddy good stuff
ha dad makes good lunches um num num
he's been saying nom nom lately when he
eats huh nom nom this is what my
chalkboard wall looks like right now you
guys it is a mess and I've honestly
tried cleaning it like three or four
times now and I just cannot get past
this part so I have gathered my supplies
and I'm gonna try and wash it with coke
and see what happens
hmm it's kind of crazy because I've
heard coke is like a really good cleaner
and it's just weird that we actually
drink this stuff putting the coke to the
test
just a sponge is easier because it gets
in all the little crevices of the wall
it's what I should be using plus I turn
all of our kitchen towels like whatever
color is prominently helping
shuffleboard and I'm sure Misty's very
annoyed at that all right I'll let one
side dry after cleaning it with the coke
and this is what we have oh hi ollie
look at that you guys that is pretty
dang good there's still some spots on
the side and I don't know what it is
because this has three coats of paint I
don't know if paint old paint is coming
through or if there's just like chalk
really dug deep in there cuz it's a very
textured wall it looks a lot better so
I'm going to go ahead and do the rest of
the wall um and see if I can get it like
that I'm alive I actually got out of bed
I'm just like not feeling so great today
you guys I don't know what it is maybe
it's the gloomy skies out there you see
how gloomy it is it's very grey skies
which I kind of like I'm actually
thinking about getting in the hot tub
cuz that sounds really nice I'm
definitely just not feeling too hot
today
so anyways yeah I finally just eat some
lunch that definitely made me feel a bit
better and playing with this guy we got
all his toys out and we're just hanging
out Brian's been working in his office
and stuff like that and Brett Hawley
keeps going in there and you keep
wanting to mess with Brian's jelly beans
but they're not any regular jelly bean
they are being boozled jelly beans so
he's not careful we're gonna give him
one of these
why did I tell ya he's always into these
oh I want to see how he reacts
please should give him a good one first
and well we don't really know I don't
know if I hear what hard that yeah hi I
can already hear now you guys are so
mean to him it's just for fun this could
either be toothpaste or berry blue okay
that's not bad that's not bad you
probably like the tube damage one what
do you think that's what is it know what
it is I smell let me spoil you but it's
gonna get out I think it's these days
you don't like it
Oh
smell Atlanta bases - I don't understand
why you wanted to try these ollie oh my
god you're still here I don't know which
one to choose I don't want to be whoa
okay this white one okay is either
coconut or baby wipes I think he's
eating a baby white before - so yeah so
try and finish the - face what is it
ollie
yeah what is that what she loves these
no it might might have been coconut
what's that what is it baby lives it's
baby wipes yeah
oho is it bad guy yeah I would never use
those as tickly like it hey this one's
moldy cheese possibly for what caramel
corn moldy cheese or caramel corn all
right what is it what bean did you get I
think those will do you smell it yeah
oli were you eating moldy cheese just
like what good all right we have Oliver
to bed like a good little boy and now we
have some more Skype sessions that we
get to do tonight gonna meet some new
people it's really cool getting to me
yeah it is the call over the world it is
really fun it's crazy you guys are all
over the world
quite literally leave a comment where
are you in the world I want to know
how's it going guys look it they got a
puppy and a kitty are you guys trying to
win all the worlds right now they
totally trumped us all we got is Karma
look at them that's so cool look at that
ham oh you doing a hamster - Dakota
Frankie this is Bailey
Lee she's just like eating you up man
she's like yeah don't stop don't stop
but Annie was telling us a very
interesting story about I'm actually
donating to Cambodia and sort of what
led her to donate as well do you wanna
go ahead and share that story yeah I was
actually adopted from Thailand one
I was 2 years old and we're still
friends with like the social worker and
I visited Thailand it just kind of
touched me that you guys felt so
strongly about Cambodia and origins in
the homes I just thought it was an
amazing thing to donate to well thanks
so much seriously it means the world and
just that you connected on that level
too is is amazing too and now you're
actually studying social work I am I'm
in graduate school right now that's
amazing
so we have to Skype another person and
Missy and I I gotta hide under the table
that she's gonna leave what you went
there
it's gonna be perfect Casey Casey I'm on
the floor right now
and you're not answering your Skype call
I'm assuming she wants to forgot she
went out tonight maybe she's like at a
party she can't make it isn't working
maybe your computer isn't working we're
gonna try bring Ashley
yeah I got to work Hello Kitty scare
scream light oh it is really cold
underneath that table decided to show up
I make I was just a neat on I made this
appointment and you talked I wanted to
get and thing and so I was on valium
time and I was like wait I love assuming
time I live in California I'm so sorry
no it's okay oh that stop Casey you
don't even know if we were a date we
would be long we would order dessert and
laugh it's okay we forgive you I'll be
for this like and I just felt like oh my
god they call me like five times
are you been tweeted it's okay you're
here now how are you I'm good how are
you I'm so excited you don't even
understand I don't want you guys like
over a year like insane like oh my god
like oh I like fangirling right now well
we just wanted to say thank you so much
for your donation seriously first it was
like so cool that like I was able to do
this I've never been able to like like
donate my own but like especially like
Torah dollars I'm only 18 so I was kind
of like a lot to me but I was like so
worth it to do this and to be able to
meet you guys it's under watching for so
long I think these laws hey we can hear
you but we thought see oh wait I think
so hey how's it going guys I tried to
totally psych you out by like covering
the camera and then I thought you saw me
that I gave myself away and I never need
to what's going on guys very fast ah
that's pretty cool no you too I love
talking to couples too because I feel
like we're like matched we're like we're
a couple you're a couple what's up we
get it all right guys we're
I call it a night we had such a blast
skyping with more viewers tonight as you
can see we got Cassie here who is
getting quite friendly with karma karma
he always overstepped his boundaries but
Cassie's here because we actually have
Skype sessions tomorrow super early in
the morning so Cassie's gonna wake up
with Oliver and you're gonna make us
breakfast and you're gonna make us
breakfast right course pancakes
we'll take pancakes and bacon we don't
have bacon so you're gonna have to run
to the store in the morning we don't
we're all out of sausage so it's okay
you're gonna go to the store in the
morning before you wake up all then you
come home wake up all or get them
dressed make us some breakfast maybe
some like fresh-squeezed orange juice
you're made yes exactly precisely how do
we get paid for this that's why you're
here but anyway I'm gonna go ahead and
end today's vlog I hope you guys enjoyed
it Missy and I both put videos on our
personal channels so those are below in
the description click them and watch
them Missy is super proud of her video
she caught herself like watching her own
video like twice today you guys
I like edited my whole video I put cool
things in it cool pictures like there's
all kinds of old piss she's so proud of
like putting baby's doing a really good
job even like animated ends they would
like zoom in and out totally fancy so go
check those out those are in the
description thank you guys for watching
today click thumbs up if you enjoyed the
blog and we'll see you tomorrow what
like two hours to do da ting bad hey bad
hi bye yes you did
that one doesn't spin as well daddy
screwed that one in way too tight he
goes down the slide
he won't just like that apparently it
covers like are you okay she stops cured
me he goes down the slide on his belly
and sometimes he'll like hold his hand
out and then try and with his legs up
and then really fall down the slide
