hello everyone I am actually headed to a
lunch meeting with Christie today and
this is really cool because we have not
really talked or gone over the trip for
Cambodia so it's gonna be cool cuz we're
gonna go over some logistics and sort of
plan out what we're gonna do while in
Cambodia and if you guys don't know what
I'm talking about I'm headed to Cambodia
in February so next month it's coming up
very quickly I know a lot quicker than I
thought it was there's some really cool
things that we're gonna be doing in
Cambodia but today is a beautiful day
it's 75 degrees out and it is like the
person in front of me has a sunroof and
they're putting their their hand out of
the sunroof that's amazing
later these blue skies people beautiful
yeah alright guys so I am here with
Christie if you guys don't know her this
is Missy's aunt and it's because of her
that I am going to Cambodia basically so
I just wanted you to have an opportunity
to tell them what is like one of the
main things
really good restaurant yeah going to
nightclub no actually what we're going
to be doing a couple different things
we're going to go to at Catherine's home
she runs a home where there's kids
instead of all been orphaned or their
parents are too poor to have them and so
we're going to be having a pity party
for them and doing some fun things with
them because pizza is like a big treat I
mean that they hardly ever get pizza
yeah it's a really big tree they hardly
ever get that it's expensive and so
we're gonna be able to do some some
things that they don't get to do all the
time and then what are some cool places
we'll be able to sort of travel to like
touristy things that we're going to get
to do well we definitely want to learn
their culture and you really understand
where they're from and just their
history so we'll be going to s21 and
also the killing field and they went
through a genocide in the 1970s which is
pretty recent a lot of them have been
affected at least one person from their
family has been at least killed millions
of people were know that's a big part of
their story and when we learn about bad
and so we'll be going to the camps where
you know they were tortured and murdered
just to learn where they're coming back
and then there's some really cool like
temples that we can actually travel to
right we'll be jumping on a plane going
into Siem Reap and then we're going to
go see Angkor Wat you know you're the
Tomb Raider was called
raiders of the lost idiot jokes yeah
that's that cool temple like I remember
that shot in Indiana Jones with like the
tree ripping through I think Tomb Raider
was thrown guys yeah so she expert will
be seeing that returned some of the
tunnels out there and really
understanding their history that goes
back thousands and then one thing she
was telling me about two is really cool
are these things hug tuk tuks yeah this
is basically how you get around the city
explain this okay so basically you just
call her to dip their motorcycles and
they have a little cart on the back of
the motorcycle and you jump on there and
you kind of arrange up at the price
where you want to go and you get to go
on there and then they take you to where
you want to go and you give them a
dollar tip and your that's gonna be some
that's gonna be cool footage and
open-air cab yeah cool so we'll go to
the Russian market we'll do a little bit
shopping
but we'll be also going and doing metal
things with water of life the
organization made you guys all raise
money for so maybe going to their church
will be visiting Randy he has a boys
home and all the different things all
the boys that are going to college and a
lot of your money is going towards their
college fund so we'll be meeting them
and hearing their stories and probably
teaching the English class or two so we
can be oh cool
and then we'll go to her house Holly
also rescues the girls that have been
trafficked and she does an amazing job
of that we were just talking about sort
of filming and how I how I will be able
to Google have to be really respectful
at these kind of places and definitely
get permission beforehand but hopefully
we can show you just sort of an insight
of of what life in Cambodia is like so
it's definitely gonna be a life-changing
experience I think for me Kristi how
many times have you been to Cambodia
something my third trip third trip so
you kind of know what you're doing what
do you think about my little song nam
nam kena let's play farm animals you
make me happy when skies are gray huh
you want me to open it what about it a
rooster he's pretty cool-looking huh
look at this cow Moo pretty cool huh
horsey mmm he's like you're not pulling
out what I want dad so I would have
dumped them all out
yes you know you're very good at making
messes this we know oh there you go you
got them all out high five he can't give
me a high five with that and we go like
this ah yay you put something else in
there
yay and now my turn now your turn now my
turn now your turn no no
oh don't dump him out I thought I had
tricked him into cleaning up hi Miriam
how's it going hi how's it going where
are you from London whoa you're calling
from very far away
yeah yeah oh not that far just a little
plane ride we love talking to people in
London because your guys's accents are
amazing does it do the same thing with
our accents do you like our accents yeah
yeah
especially especially like the young
kids accidents like they're like
high-pitched and Ollie has a weird
accent huh finally he's eaten some lunch
there you are hey Lily bean how's it
going I love the paint in your room
thank you that's off thats a really
great color it's all he's wondering who
we're talking to he's like who is that
hi olli hey hi look at it right now he's
got his foot up on the table he's
covered in peanut butter how's it going
guys you have a whole team around you
Wow it's just being the kids and we all
watch you guys oh whoa jump through the
intro like like they're trying to be the
video games uh-huh watch it Oliver
he's like a daily boss
aha so what you see that our latest what
this room Oh what's her name sweetheart
she's freezing over here oh I bet we're
talking to nasiha from Minnesota hmm
she's like oh what is it the big dog
syndrome thing she runs up to like huge
dogs I'm like
don't you anytime we Skype with someone
everyone shows us their their cute
puppies check out this iPad cover you
guys we got another Harry Potter nerd in
the house that's awesome
alright you guys were here with Lisa in
New Jersey she's got something cool to
show what is that yes oh my gosh
it's how they found the actors and oh my
gosh no hard to read cause it weighs
like 20 pounds yeah that is so cool
oh it's the that's cage to screen okay
oh wow we've been talking to a lot of
Harry Potter fans today so that's
awesome he's like I think you guys are
in like a face contest craziest faces do
some crazy faces Sarah you can do it
there you go
oh he's so into it are you talking to
Holly this on the phone no I don't think
anyone's on the phone yeah yeah who are
you talking to I'm talking to me me yeah
uh-huh are you on the phone are you on
the phone should I not interrupt you
uh-huh yeah uh-huh
Oh is she gone did you say bye-bye okay
bye-bye
I tried and hung up the phone did you
say bye-bye can I have my phone now oh
no someone's mad bad haha I know what
he's doing he's never done this before
I'm like the weirdest part is that we
don't really talk on the phone ever so
it's just like weird how he just
naturally knows how to do it I mean like
if I'm on the phone I'm usually like
facetiming or on speaker I'm really
not on the phone like this so he's
interesting
can I have my phone now can i phone
thank you
it's like the first time pick up the
phone today I just said yes
oli I woke up and got ready and we've
been doing Skype calls and now we're
done and Brian's napping over there
Brian are you awake
apparently he is really tired
actually I am too I don't know why we're
just like tired today he's just been
playing in this room like crazy look at
this it's a complete disaster but you
love it huh yeah - I ollie except I'm
making always dinner always getting
breakfast for dinner so he has pancakes
scrambled eggs with cheese and
blueberries that looks like a pretty
good dinner we didn't really have
anything so we are cooking up a frozen
lasagna which these are actually not
that bad we should have gone to soar
though because I have like no milk and a
lot out of the essential feel like I'm
out of essentials every single day
because if he's not out of milk I'm out
of milk and then if I'm out of milk he's
at home I made you a yummy dinner it's
gonna remind you of the morning oh wow
look at that it's a broom new grumpy cat
meme for January 7th on Wednesday the
only crap I give gets buried poop emoji
I'm looking at you ah Japan cha ha ha
all right guys that is all for today's
vlog but I hope you guys enjoyed it I
want to let you guys know that I put a
new video on my channel so go check it
out I played a cool iPhone game that you
guys have been requesting for quite a
while now I'll have that linked below in
the description there's a picture of you
guys look you can even see me in the
viewfinder taking the photo that's
awesome
and now I'm gonna have a couple of
friends that we spoke to today and the
blog that's all for today's love hope
you guys enjoyed it if you did give it a
big thumbs up and subscribe make sure
you do you have
and we'll see you tomorrow ah yay good
job so eventually this will actually
also just go right on some toilet oh I
see on to the real toilet sit on the
toilet in that cool and actually I don't
I don't know if all of them have this
but this makes it really easy to just
like lift up and you can clean this
thing
