we
that's where I wanna be
up inside
like karma
good morning guys if you guys missed
yesterday's vlog we are at alien dudes
house um we are all ready for the day
but actually I need to grab a jacket
because it's free say check and actually
Alan Jared were so nice they gave us our
their bed for the night because I went
to bed last night I realized I've been
up for like 48 hours straight I do not
think that I still got enough sleep but
now we are headed to breakfast and we're
gonna meet up with Bonnie and Joel
morning we're at breakfast with Ellie
and Jerry and Bonnie and I oh yeah I
totally feel yeah and Elsa has made a
special appearance color that is so far
your friends been like let's go
over at this cute little place oh so
cute I just love all the little like
things about it it's so cute
so we're always kilohm a cigars for our
water I think I'm going to take my
religion out of all the things you grab
the butter oh wow I got them biscuits
and gravy
jealous much all you gotta eat he's not
been eating very good this trip yeah
can't be accomplished it's amazing like
karma we just finished breakfast you
guys would check this out is a
collection of napkin drawings some
really good ones gonna do
you didn't know that they're so cool do
you think that one was done on a napkin
the Queen they colored it really well
did you see that
that's Talent oh you did that one oh you
know you can't sleep with that right
alright guys so it is Monday for us but
for you guys it is actually Tuesday the
20th so not only is it my birthday but
today is the day that this is home comes
out on iTunes and Google Play and Amazon
mp3 and I'm so excited because I've just
put so much into this song for the past
few months and it's finally here it's
happened I never I never thought it
would actually happen but it happened
it's here so um as soon I I'm not sure
exactly when they're going to be
releasing it it's just some time on the
20th so as soon as it's up all of the
link below in the description so you
guys can download it on iTunes or Google
Play or Amazon whatever you guys use
please go get it because I work so hard
on it and I really think that you guys
are going to love it there's a lot of
like little references to you know the
the past two years in our life and stuff
that we've done on the vlogs and talked
about and showed you guys and this song
has a lot of meaning for us and I
basically wrote it to celebrate our
family and our marriage and our love I
hope you guys like it so that is up on
iTunes now please go get it and actually
later on this week I'll have a music
video go up on my channel youtube.com/
slash Bryan Lanning also I give the song
not one the two thumbs up so you should
definitely check it out because I like
it so I like it you guys are done do you
really like it though Jared you're not
just saying that we just listened to it
in the car and I feel privileged because
I get to hear it before everyone else
but dude you heard it as soon as you
actually
Jared heard it before me even cuz I I
did hear I was having trouble like
getting the download link so I send it
to Jared and he's like I promise I won't
listen to it and he had to do something
and send it to me and then he and
you're gonna like yeah this guy heard it
before anyone else I like it so you will
also not only would it be an amazing
birthday present for me to buy the song
but also leaving a nice review on iTunes
about it or even tweeting it to your
local radio station if you guys want to
hear it on the air tweet it to them and
request it throw it at Doug hey Cody
what's your favorite video of ours the
peeing one the one where you peed in my
mouth oh did they watch our yeah it
wasn't all of you give me a high five
buddy oh you're gonna hang out with oli
today the show mall your cool toys cat
cool I got a blue airplane yes you guys
Jerry just ripped a huge award-winning
fart and I missed it I'm sorry
this is so we are a little bit cold eh
we're renting snowmobiles and we got
Jared Joe Missy's gonna right behind me
and maybe we'll even switch um we have
to go pros hopefully get some good
footage an extremely windy but it's like
official with your vacay ha yeah I'm
like freezing right now look at this
powder
Missy borrowed everything out of Ellie's
closet basically they're like your same
size yeah like a double Ally
remember this babe remember this
remember this huh what'd I do that oh
yeah oh so go now I'm excited though
I've never been uh snow mobiling yeah
I've done 80 being you've been on any TV
yeah I'm done I'll take it's like the
same thing right except snow I you know
it doesn't have wheels so I'm done hey
guys check it out we're all decked out
we got snowmobiles this is misty and
ours it's a double so you're gonna be
hanging on to me hey yeah
be ready I did yeah
go crow stuff
they tip it seriously
Oh minutes even doing this old is like
kids did okay though I am so afraid
that's gonna happen to us I really feel
like it's been it's inevitable we're
gonna turn
all right guys we're stuck here in the
middle of Awesomeness and I think we may
have stumbled on something take cover
yeah hit it all the way up to Missy's
ways up yeah dared attempted it himself
Joe
today jewel is stuck right over there
and so we came around yeah this is me
right here okay yeah okay yeah my wrist
but I like got out of those facts I got
each other
look look we just going to guys we're at
the very top of the mountain here
there's a little flat part right over
there where my fingers at that's where
the it's like a whole different world up
here Ross are you okay me do you stay
the girls are watching friends right now
so to you you guys are like oh is this a
pregnancy pillow oh that is funny and
you guys didn't - you guys we had an
absolutely amazing day snowmobiling was
like one of the most amazing things I've
ever done what are you doing back there
jeredy you II don't repeat yeah um
anyway guess what you guys this is home
is now out on iTunes it arrived like
three hours early I'm freaking out so
many of you guys been tweeting me on
Twitter about the song and I just want
to thank you guys so much for the
support if you guys would like to
download it on iTunes I'll have a link
below in the description and if it's up
on Google Play and Amazon at the time of
this I'll have those links down below if
that's where you buy music also so just
want to let you guys know about that if
you guys like this long leave a positive
review on iTunes and tomorrow's a big
day cuz I'm basically going to be doing
a live chat on it and today is rain
which my brown every birthday would not
my birthday yet just for that it's
YouTube life it's interview it's my
YouTube birthday it's like two hours so
your bridges yeah all right we're gonna
go thanks you guys watch today's vlog
give a thumbs up and go buy this is on
my itunes bye
Oh
and that's where I wanna be
yeah wherever
you
