open the door
we're here I know I'm wearing shorts
oh I'm not it is very cold out there I'm
like shivering Molly just woke up and he
drank his milk already we got to high
and babycakes look at that Wow Thank You
Jackson
all he already found your toy closet Oh
lookit he's got the little ukulele you
gonna play so happy you guys are
together can you play something cool
Olly
Freebird play freebird he is like
plucking the strings you see that it's
so cool they just see us doing it and
then they do it yeah
this space is so cool dude it reminds me
of harry potter like the harry potter
closet oh that's the piano you got
Jackson huh for Christmas I'll give him
a kiss go
they're like the best bugs in the world
all Sean get your right you have to show
hey we brought the instant they look
like they've been best buds since the
70s that is too perfect right there look
at this you guys I'm just chillin on the
floor and we got Jared early just that
it feels so good to be here it really
does hi guys so I obviously don't know
how this happened we were just talking
and we were like okay yeah we got the
car and like everything is all set right
that's is that kind of how things work
with us at our friendship yeah yeah you
guys should come to Utah next time yeah
forgetting my birthday is on Tuesday
yeah you guys and that's when this is
home is gonna be released on iTunes so
yeah we're kind of just here for my
birthday because I get to spend my
birthday with my two best buddies just
from the internet and this is basically
our winter vacation we didn't get to do
our winter vacation so we're doing it
here in Utah we have a lot of really
cool like winter snow things planned so
I think we're gonna get a lot of really
awesome footage it's gonna be so
exciting I hope your socks around cuz
they're gonna be knocked off dude did
you see that like our hair was like
hugging right there our hair was like oh
dang
also all he's asleep so that's actually
really nice you guys totally just like
gave him his own room to sleep so that
was really nice he's sleeping Missy's
actually taking a nap too and I am all
of a sudden very energized I don't think
I need a nap Missy did let me sleep for
one hour while we were driving and then
she started to fall asleep what well
it's like she wasn't planning at all
she's like no you're gonna drive the
whole thing and then I was like okay
babe I need to stop so she's like I'll
Drive so she drove for an hour and then
she was falling asleep and she's like
okay maybe I need to give it so I was
good after the Sun came up I felt really
good but yeah I think the road trip went
really smooth and now we're in Utah
we're excited we're gonna have some fun
and I'm watching Jared play fifa six
year old I'm like this is why I'm here
it's true this is why I'm here Jared so
I can experience awesome moments like
this with you I'm just getting ready
sorry I just want to get better so I can
beets and now he'll finally respect me
all right you guys I just got up from a
glorious nap did you just meet it I
seriously couldn't even like function I
wasn't thinking straight and like at one
point I think Jeremy's like telling me
something downstairs and I couldn't even
like I was like 10 seconds behind Hey
shower in my shower and it was amazing
and not just halfway down the stairs
do you think I had the I oh that is
always he is waking up from a nap and I
even put him down
hi baby did you sleep okay oh you see
the guitar you think so yeah he went
down pretty fast yeah and he slept I
guess kind of heavy so back on his side
and he was literally like clutching this
he is so happy to be with Jackson it's
the cutest thing
hi is that your buddy ollie hey guys do
you wanna go play hey come on we're
hungry get out of that Ollie dressed and
changed diaper and get your bed and
guess what I get this cut I think we're
gonna have Ellie do it oh my gosh Ollie
you look so cute you look at this Ellie
me me the hair got so bad
look at this you guys what is that ollie
can you feel it
he does love the freezer oh why did I
make up right now we are going to lunch
finally we're all out of the house look
at we're all dressed and ready
ollie put your put your lip gloss on so
it's popping okay and now we are headed
into Texas Roadhouse gonna get some grub
gonna eat some meat gonna eat some meat
and then a treat gonna eat some we gonna
treat thank you
it smells so good is that like a steak
air freshener they're like pumping out
you know kind of feels like that all
right it's happening you're getting a
haircut baby beaver haircut Ellie's
doing eggs like what is I think he's not
sure what's gonna happen I guess I was
like Ellie put his hair to put your
hands up okay here we go John hold one
of these are you being good he's being
so good oh he's being such a good boy
thank you for doing this oh yeah you
look good oh yeah look at that cool
little mohawk buddy he's like hey
training some guy things we just said
stop it did you just say stop it
sto P newer ID stop it he's being so
good
yeah Holly I love your new haircut what
do you think digit - he's singing he's
been listening Jared and I play music
and he's now he's in the musical mid I
think it looks so cool he looks so
dapper I bet it looks good with stuff in
it huh babe alright guys so Jared and I
have been like jamming out for most
other day and we were actually working
on like an acoustic version of my song
that we can actually put up on YouTube a
little bit later but we've been having
some fun with some other stuff so we
thought we'd show you guys you ready
my friends characters who would we all
be Rachel oh yeah totally
I would say you're Rachel I would say
you're Ross I probably know I'd say I'm
Joe but would you be let us know in the
comments who you would be on friends and
why do you think we should actually are
you kidding me right now that looks like
a freaking painting you guys this is
right outside of Jared and Ellie's house
how amazing does that look right now
does that seriously it looks fake
doesn't it that is amazing this is the
free slumber party but I met awesome man
this is how we do this is how we do you
don't know what to do when I'm talking
Trey
do you I don't know what to do I already
said that I got run over
Krissy is putting Ollie to bed and Ellie
is cooking us chicken scampi oh cool and
then that's my chicken
yeah I just do I love peppers so not
done oh that is so not no I'm not
that's okay we got time Ellie hey
nothing but time but anyway I'm gonna go
ahead and end today's vlog it was a
blast being here with Ellie and Jerry
today and if you guys didn't catch from
my little trying to sneak in I'm here so
you caught me Brian sorry I'm sorry you
guys didn't catch my little hints in
yesterday's vlog we're not going to the
East Coast I was trying to throw some of
you off and it worked a little bit but
we're gonna be here for like a week and
we're just gonna have a ton of fun and
look at Jared always trying to steal the
spotlight we got kids asleep homie
