maybe he came over cause she wanna hang
out with ollie and I was like hey Austin
I was like where are you like where are
you and she's like I'm in here she's
under here
good morning guys guess what we're and
what are you doing he's running around
in the backseat
we got a 2014 Dodge Durango and he is
very excited as you can tell yeah we
didn't actually get a new car but this
is the car that we're gonna be living in
for like a week yeah yeah we're gonna be
road tripping and this big ol SUV and we
had to make sure that it had all-wheel
drive because we might go into places
that are a little slick Holly what are
you doing back there
hey are you ready for our road trip ha
ha
you got so much room for activities back
there don't you oh and a third row of
seats too babe
dang we can fit seven people in this car
we can have four more kids we need more
kids to fill up this this car huh he's
still happy we had to pick up the car a
little bit early so we can get all
prepared and we just have a couple of
things left to do and then we're gonna
be leaving are we going do that we
haven't told that we haven't told them
where we're going huh no we have and
I'll find out here wait you want to push
everybody yeah it still has the new car
smell too babe you know it's nice I'm
gonna be doing this muscle
oh wow that goes all the way back oh
yeah this seats go all the way back Oh
lots of room come on you're not gonna
drive it all no here's the outside of
the car nice and roomy oli oli you got
to stay in the car buddy
this boy is so tired doesn't even want
to pick up his head we just woke him up
from a little car nap I know that was
nap today because we just had to go get
a car and obviously we both had to go
because we have two cars now he's
missing his nap so he's really tired and
we just gotta grab some stuff with the
road stuff yeah I'm kind of thinking
that he'll be more tired and then he'll
sleep for most of it that would be ideal
the plan they are you said a guy with
all things for the road trip and I'm so
mushy and I are getting our bags packed
for the road trip and it's nice because
we get to use our new luggage finally
but I am debating whether or not to go
with folding my clothes or rolling my
clothes and actually watching a youtube
video about how to do it properly and I
rolled this one shirt and I mean it's an
extra large so it's like takes up the
whole length of the suitcase Missy's not
convinced at all I've always folded my
shirts and so I was like well you know
maybe I'll just try rolling maybe it'll
actually help for the wrinkle sit right
there and look all cute thank you tell
me in the comments are you a folder or
are you roller because this girl
this lady is convinced that there are
folders and there are rollers out there
and you basically have to pick a side
here's how she taught me to do it place
the shirt face down and then fold in the
sleeves so you're still doing foots
unfolding okay whole thing's still gonna
happen and then you roll from the base
vase really
roller okay and you rollin smooth
rolling smooth rolling smooth so now I
have that next tune but sure I don't
know if that safe space that seriously
doesn't seem like a safe space but I'm
gonna try you've got all of our on the
roads stuff getting ready to packed
getting ready packed up come on how am I
get in here so we've got all kinds of
snacks and drinks and sippy cups and
I'll probably actually end up all going
in here we're just trying to get
everything together I'm going to throw
away this pork because it's not gonna
last another week and we're gonna make
steak tonight but actually Brian just
went upstairs to take a nap and so we
kind of left me in charge of making
dinner and I'm kind of stressing out
about it maybe he came over Kashani hang
out with Olli and I was like here you
asked and I was like where are you like
where are you and she's like I'm in here
is she's under here watching loves
watching baby Holly huh so she's under
this thing pop is here go see nine into
him Oh to uncle say night-night uncle ah
technically he's saying nine I am
bye-bye for a week thank oh this is
where the cuddles come in all right all
right we're going night-night
Brian's actually still napping because
we're gonna be leaving tonight so we're
just letting him sleep as long as
possible I'm making there so we've got
rolls and green beans in here cooking
and then mashed potatoes right here
which my mom mixed up for me because I
was putting Olly to bed and now
the stake I really hope I don't overcook
it or undercook it or just mess it all
up but I've got it on high which I don't
know if I'm so stupid Bryan always yells
at me when it's on high when I'm trying
to get nice and hot so and voila we've
got steak hopefully they're cooked good
we've got green beans which look delish
and mashed potatoes technically we are
planning on leaving within an hour so
you should probably get up wake himself
up and no one has to worry about hashtag
Bruce Norbit he's doing great and my mom
will be taking care of him while we're
gone apparently Brian is really tired
and he's really trying to get in just a
few more minutes so I'm gonna start
eating without him look at my juicy
steak whew you're really missing out on
this very hot was just dinner all right
guys this big old car is all packed crap
but I forget pillows where we're going
we need pillows apparently all right
guys I am up for my nap and we have the
car packed I ate an amazing dinner
thanks to my lovely wife and now is the
time to get all that we put into bed
early tonight do you think it'll help to
go to bed early then get a little bit of
sleep in and then hopefully when we
transferred to the car he'll just fall
right back to sleep yeah hopefully he'll
sleep through the whole Drive that we
might even be there before he wakes up
that would be like three really Missy
who's gonna sleep for three days like so
we're going all the way to the East
Coast it's gonna take a while
and here we go ladies and gentlemen we
are getting gas to make sure that we are
all filled up for our first check Ollie
is asleep so what is he dead or the
complete success he's sleeping
our two houses are and
pretty good she doesn't go to bed up
until like midnight it is 10:30 she's
like meeting her chair back my lady
that's not happy and guess what
audiobook we're down guys
once need to listen to 50 shades of gray
she's read it all she loves up never
been to Vegas and I am like completely
in awe I don't understand there's a beam
of light coming up with this pyramid
over here going through it there's the
pyramid also push did you thought oh
yeah it looks like Hotel my gosh I like
that look so cool I want to stay there
so bad why is it canceled my gosh thank
you
nice pretty little flake I want to go
there
there are big old buildings to circus
Olay
Penn and Teller are not building over
there Oh technique building self
The Mirage so excited you're gonna wake
up the baby
maybe you're Caesars Palace yes Balaji
Falacci Oh
go ahead and actually add the log right
here
but I hope you guys had a thought
delicious
I want to hear you eating it right here
you're like or not I love stuff I'm
going to kill you it's so close
what are you doing eating every compound
anyways yes really just one we want to
show with me a lot alright popularity
thought you look good studying yeah I'm
eating okay
