hi Koda Cassie did he just say hi Koda
sounded like it yeah this morning I made
waffles bunny look at these giant
waffles you guys they came out so good
they're huge
paulie's like give me some I want some
waffles yummy huh guys remember how a
couple days ago we were like I really
want a waffle maker I want to make
waffles in the morning well we got this
one it's like a austere nonstick and you
like put it in and then turn it and it
cooks and stuff so it worked pretty dang
good anyway how's it going today guys
good morning today is our day to prepare
and get this kid all packed we're gonna
put you in a suitcase take you with us k
buddy
you want some waffles you ate your
breakfast and some of our breakfast even
this kid can eat already monster yeah
went wants to come editing editing
editing editing doing lots of editing
who's that cute couple dang I've been
editing like all morning
it is now 12:45 and I am halfway through
the first verse in the music video this
is going to take me a very long time and
I'm trying to edit as much as I can
because this is the only day that I'm
gonna have the most time to work on it
before it's released cuz our next week
is kind of just filled with craziness I
am going to be working on this all for
again day I don't know how I'm gonna do
this high carb look at this he just
comes up and visits me I caught my boy
how were you at my window open so he's
freaking out at all the cars
you do like it with your coach go by you
you know you kill hi this video is
definitely take me awhile I'm not gonna
have a whole lot of time to work on it
I'm working on that this is home music
video by the way if you didn't everyone
knows that right right okay um I need
food they say going to get lunch
I'm toys burgers always asleep okay bye
alright guys I'm ready
good morning actually I'm not really
ready I'm not dressed but I have been
doing my makeup and I had to get all the
makeup out that I use because I have to
get ready to leave we're going on
vacation haven't even been able to think
about it so today is kind of all about
preparing to leave and I just finished
getting ready and Olli is a week
ollie I hear you in here are you playing
with your little giraffe yeah on do you
like it makes you feel like you're not
alone yeah don't go eat some lunch
don't go eat yeah alright come here go
Morgan yeah good morning
love you they see good mm-hmm
I must say you look quite adorable today
all I have this cute little gray shirt
cute little sweatshirt with a hoodie
jeans and then he's got slip-on
they look like vans but I think they're
off cost and your neck adorable and
we're taking Carver to the park and he
heard me say it and he knows where his
leashes and he's ready to go and he just
wants to leave Brian is working on his
music video it's going good this is
gonna take hours he's been working at it
all morning he's like I got to the first
verse or halfway through the first verse
I was like wow but he's just trying to
be really detailed with it and he's
doing a great job watch some of it
really good have fun
love you get some work done I'll just
stay here we're leaving the house is
that everything is quiet he can focus
yeah okay
you know there's cute I just wanna look
at you you guys can look at us or you
can look at us on there bye say bye bye
to Daddy
he's not coming with look at our shoes
look how cute - his shoes are no all
right I'm leaving
let's go come on okay let's go let's go
Karma's at the park getting he's pulling
me like crazy hey go over here don't
pull me all right so we're at the park
and we should have Mimi and Auntie with
us and coda
coda Kuhn is excited and all he's
walking with Mimi he's got a little toy
and a little play car so he can play
with his toys over there we're headed to
a park and it's actually a different
Park that way then we don't really go to
um it's nice because it has lots of
grass which is good for Karma's feet he
just has a little baby feet and so if he
plays like on rocks and stuff he usually
gets all bloody yeah so this has lots of
green grass and fences so sometimes we
either go to a park that has green grass
but no fences or fences and no green
grass but this one has both no balls for
you Carm I didn't bring any balls
because he um when he had there's a bowl
he just cannot focus he's just like the
craziest dog ever nothing he's not crazy
right now if I don't give him a ball
then he kind of plays with the dogs
rather than
says get away from me I want them all I
want the ball so pretty though karma do
you know you're pretty you did you're
pretty puppy there are so many dogs here
okay
okay go we have to be really careful
with Oh like run into him
yeah the dog runner like boom poppin up
and I'll come over he actually just
stepped in dog poop too
so okay if you guys can see a little bit
dog poop there but but that's fun and
that karma keeps finding balls but I
refuse to throw it for him the only
person he's a lot to throw for him is
Olly oxen always like here I'll throw
the bumpy and Karma's oh yeah karma you
want Holly to throw the ball I'll throw
it put a little juice runs like a crazy
person
Oh throw it to it alright throw that for
him Oh Oh car good gentle we're not
throwing it for him because once you
throw it once he's done good job oh my
get this lucky dog yeah yeah balls
broken but it's okay it's okay
there's a lot of other balls that karma
can play with I swear he just said no no
no no no no oh it's broken I was kind of
cute
doing come on let's walk
hi Koda cassia he did he just say hi
Koda sounded like it yeah oh you don't
want to walk anymore
you're like seriously holding this up
he's dog walking inside McGarrett
you said do you know let's go I know oh
yeah you're being naughty wouldn't so
cute I don't know if he thinks he's if
he knows what he's doing
what are you doing just really like the
curb it's like it's a chair that fits
too like she's at the ground he's kind
of nice huh holy chicken noogie soup
that's a lot babe we haven't gotten the
full that's the five gallon one huh or
is it what it's a one gallon one gallons
of soup Oh that'd be a lot of chicken
gnocchi see we haven't got one this big
in a very long time but we were all
starving Marvin oh yeah
Allie okay he's got Mimi and Papa's he's
already got the remote he's gonna go
hide it and he already wants a snack my
mom keeps her nature box yeah I have
nature box in there and he loves them
huh we got shrimp YUM breadsticks I've
been editing all day and so this sounds
amazing to me right now I've been
wanting to make homemade gnocchi for a
while I guess I'm just been enough and
yoky mood Hey oh don't do that don't do
that you're gonna get all wet
yeah oh you can do that yeah you have to
like click really special how you oh we
got high get water on interesting phase
remember when we this used to be like a
regular thing chicken gnocchi soup all
the time yeah you guys remember that
cheeky noogie soup yeah all day every
day
this was my pregnancy craving
check out my cookies I made cookies and
they look amazing
cuz he dragged me good way cookies for
my computer
yep I just had to make some cookies
tonight because I was in a cookie mood
and then look gracious how do they taste
fine
what just tell me I'm for my I think are
they good oh my gosh yeah they're
amazing
he's literally been editing all day
about 12 hours
yeah some day oh no sorry Ted I'm gonna
be crazy for us so I know yeah we're
leaving soon for our road trip and he
just doesn't think that was gonna be any
time to really sit down and edit so he
wants to get at least the majority of it
done which I understand but I seriously
just wanted to stop and come cuddle with
me on the couch do not want to hear you
eating it right here no I'm not I love
stop I'm going to kill you it's so gross
what are you doing son
Mama's gonna be harm on your feet okay
you're freaking us out anyways yes I
really just wanted to want to show with
me relax all right chocolate right
cheese stop you look disgusting uh I'm
eating a cookie honey one good what's in
my teeth
stop go within me know before we started
to and the fog we thought we should do
the rest of our shouts yes so a very big
thank you to all of these people
Andrew Rumley Melissa Ritzer Ali makanda
Cara do even Daniel wheeler Ali Rosie
Messina harder Kate Anna Ron Adi Kyla
flooger Jody Leigh so Ashley Briggs
Rebecca Copeland Katie Stanley let's see
Amir at Amanda Pichler that's what I
mean on her last name how do you blur ha
ha ha
Sophie Serio indriya Christian sunny
Howard nur as their a must as a-- she
Regent - Cassie Knoll Clair George katie
Kolbert Keira guy Jennifer and Rodger
Kahu and see Desiree Joey no worse than
this
Kieron Pollard Victoria Patterson and
the Hanna Kayla Faro McKay Michaela
Wilson Lilla Leilani Lazo Katie Hughes
Emma Bradshaw takashi ya nah see Maria
Mackel in Tao thank you guys we're sorry
if we put your dating your guys names
y'all my beautiful names we're just
terrible speaking if you guys didn't see
we both put out new videos on both of
our channels so I'll have both of those
linked below so go watch those if you
haven't yet give this video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and we'll see you
tomorrow
this is home January 20th get ready Kay
bye sake she's beautiful Haley never
like big old movies me one she making me
hungry why do you know she chooses legs
like chocolate round her she can't Oh
