always looking so handsome he's got
Mickey and mustard but more do you need
huh good morning guys I basically woke
up this morning was like all right
what do I need to do I have a very busy
day and I started making my list and
texting people and trying to figure out
what I'm gonna do and we are now off to
swim I gonna go swim in oh yeah is he
gonna get you out
I've got Mimi again with me today
because well I am going to need a lot of
help today
hey I'm actually she's Austin and she
loves to hang out with me so I think she
more hit likes hang out with Ollie
though she's invited me she just uses me
to get to ollie um but anyways I
actually were filming more of the music
video today and this one's a more like
kind of like a prettier outside so I
want to look nice surf then yesterday
was just like us at home and like doing
our thing this time it's going to be
like I'm on I want to do my hair and get
like some really pretty curls in it and
stuff like that so get my hair done and
I gotta watch Ollie and all my stuff
going on so busy busy day ahead of us
what do you doing ollie
you want those I don't think you can get
them there behind the glass them trying
so hard to climb this thing is that
silly
those are behind glass you can't get
them no matter how hard you try or how
high you climb and it goes sweetie
you're gonna give us in tomato swim swim
but this is the first time we've gone
swimming since the Christmas break that
we had so he hasn't been swimming in
this pool my fourth amendment like four
or five weeks old yeah that's in a while
so last night he was not hoping that
maybe a break actually gets good and
we've been swimming in like the hot tub
over Christmas break so hopefully he's
excited he seems excited can you say
swim can you sign swim
going on that hippo
oh it's big good job it was like a baby
Mickey or something
good morning guys today I did something
really stupid well it's not what I did
it's what I didn't do I actually forgot
to take out the trash which sucks
because we're trying to get rid of like
all the cardboard and trash from
Christmas still and I missed it right
after Christmas and then the next week I
had to put our tree out and I missed it
again I was up so late last night I'm
just like working on stuff and editing I
completely slipped my mind and I woke up
early this morning but it just they came
early
they came earlier so I was like there's
no way I just can't keep up good morning
karma how are you how are you doing
buddy oh how are you how are you oh who
are you morning I've been going over
some of the clips that we recorded for
the this is home music video and they
are so good I'm loving it
and I just want to clarify to the music
video for this is home will actually be
out after the single so I don't really I
don't really want to rush the music
video so I might put it out like Friday
or Saturday that week after the singles
been released plus that'll give you guys
enough time to actually like learn the
song the shots we got were very very
cool I'm really excited about it and
today we're actually doing some more
shooting for it grumpy cat calendar says
that it's January 15th Thursday my blood
type B negative oh I get it because
grumpy cats always being negative haha
you know I think grumpy cat is a pretty
good lesson to people because she is so
grumpy right and it kind of inspires you
to be positive and not grumpy right so
in a way grumpy cat you're helping
people
I don't know how she feels about that
now I'm headed to go get my hair done
I'm going to show you what we're trying
to go for so we want to kind of go with
this like super big loose curls and this
is of Carrie Underwood receive how close
we can get to that is Ali because she
didn't go pick up Cassie and then come
pick me up hold us the table what do you
think
does it look shorter so I got my hair
like super super curled and then she
pinned it all up and so when I came out
like my mom's is really freaking out
they seriously thought that I got it all
up and it actually looks super cute
short but I could just couldn't cut it
like this sending him the photo right
now
he's diving he's diving oh he doesn't
believe me I don't get it ha I guess I
can't tell we just got to the location
that we will be shooting and there with
the video and things have been a little
bit hectic but um we are here which is
good and we have a couple hours which is
good and we're really focusing on
wanting to get some golden hour light
the sun's up there right now we got to
wait for it to turn a little bit but
we're just kind of finding some good
locations to be at all he's looking
still handsome he's got Mickey and
mustard what more do you need huh he's
got his little build-a-bear shoes on
Emily thinks we literally bought those
at build-a-bear and we've got Daisy hair
hi Daisy
and Ali's here and that's Cassie's here
she's here to help out this is what
Missy's wearing so Terry looks really
pretty
I've got these cute little boots on and
then my little summer dress with a
cardigan really my hair all right guys
were here first of all Emily are you
sick of us yet
look at this road never she spent like
four hours at our house last night so
I'm surprised you're seeing out this
today but
really right here yeah this is pretty
good changes is that what you're singing
we're just looking at like some really
pretty fields out here and it's funny
because these are normally never green
but because we got so much rain and snow
the past couple days everything is like
bright green you're exactly as yourself
yeah a little bit like they all saw that
yeah Emily look at this house we found
you guys it's kind of fitting because
the song is called this is home you know
so there's like this sort of abandoned
house like structure in the middle of
this park and it looks so cool it's got
like a little yard here even here we go
fluffing it up it looks good it looks
like brick sharking sunspots yeah that
one Kirlian big big curly hmm it look
like Carrie Underwood is that you go for
it looks like Carrie Underwood we just
found eight horse yeah we got the most
amazing shots of this horse yeah
there's this baby horse and the cool
thing is that this video is about family
and this baby horse really wants its
parents that are right over in another
area over there so there's like this
little family of horses here is not like
the cutest thing ever always up here on
Emily and he's pretty happy
he loved the horses I didn't have the
vlogging camera cuz it was a Cassie I'm
singer son we're not blogging a lot of
this and we're getting a lot of amazing
stuff but it's all going to be in the
music video yeah it's cool the either
the shots of him like looking at that
horse he was just amazed it's what he
loved it when the horse but hey ha and
just you guys get the music video will
be up on my channel it's all Hello if
you guys aren't subscribed to my
personal channel it's just youtube.com
slash Bryan Lanning but that's where the
music video is gonna be appearing and
you got some now will tell you it's not
like it just looks amazing over here yep
that's my little dip thank you what are
you doing climbing a bark mouth hey Kyle
I was gonna say I used to live in this
area and that little dip like some for
some reason just reminds me of my
home whenever I came to California I'd
be like I'm home cuz there's the dip I
don't know why I'll come over there
so that's home yep that's home yep this
this is literally home this is where I
grew up in these fields so it's funny
well a beautiful horse you guys that's
crazy
and look at oli right now is that a big
old horse I know should we bring the
horse over here get him yes I give it
can we have our son pet the horse is it
okay do you mind if I video you okay
she's beautiful hi Lina her soft her
furs like so softly one she's making me
hungry why are you watching the exit
no she just looks like a chocolate brown
Hershey kiss oh poor brownie I love
their little beards kind of like yours
Brian
oh thanks Sheila feel her beard huh so
cute Annette I feel your beard fletchie
fuzzy yeah oh my gosh he refuses to
abandon the cup
come on kisses he's even laughing at
himself Hey you silly come on No
say bye bye yeah come on Missy I can
keep pause to say good bye to karma like
he waved a current wave to Karma bye bye
alright Olli come on this little thing
is so cool though I'm glad he likes it
do you think it helps him yeah yeah come
on Olli do we let him have it outside of
the crib yeah
oh he knows how to turn it on all right
okay Joe Dycus 9i Tolly I love you huh
can I have a hug
you want to wear more mommy's huh oh
look how pretty you are
I have a hug good night good night I
love you can I have a kiss I can't kiss
you down mmm kiss oh oh you want me to
wear the hat no I don't get on me no
jeez I have a kiss mmm
mm I love you okay back to mom you look
so pretty to be had all right
night-night ollie
mmm-hmm you want that camera 980 camera
took in your hair
King say night-night hey night don't
kill touch say night-night okay
goodnight Dino wherever you are my love
will find you alright guys that's all
for today's video but I hope you guys
enjoyed it
Missy put on a new video on her channel
so please go check it out a hub a link
below in the description and if you're
not subscribed to my personal channel
please subscribe to that I'll have that
linked below as well when you subscribe
to that you'll be the first to see the
new music video for this is home which
comes out on January 20th I hope you
guys are as excited as I am if you
enjoyed today's video give it a thumbs
up and we will see you tomorrow bye key
ten-hut touch the top of it goodnight
