hey guys it's January 1st and you know
what that means
what else does it mean babe baby yeah
you're also being tested
it also means come on woman 19 days to
my birthday birthday mom birthday mom
yeah yeah get it birthday month that's
what's up that's a dirty diaper right
there I know what you're saying
it's the trifecta you discussed this
last year the trifecta it's Christmas
and then my birthday and then
Valentine's Day this year you don't give
me a present for st. Patrick's Day okay
this is a beautiful month this is the
month that I came into the world yeah
crickets that's all I hear crickets what
do you think about that buddy yeah but
okay can you take it off okay okay you
can put it on do I look cool Holly what
are you doing what are you doing this is
this is mommy's filming room babe why is
your bed all rustled up did you have a
man in here yesterday yeah she did her
brother slept here
stay the night because it was music and
they had supped up and we partied and
hung out and ate tons of food Oh Holly
found Gatorade mister you are always
stashing Gatorade now I'm glad that I
got you a vanity bib and not a desk dang
you like filled this thing do you need
more storage you know you could what's
in you got stuff in here got room it you
got hair in here babe I don't understand
I don't lose that much hair do you need
like some clip on storage though for
like the sides to clean this up a bit I
don't know that's even a thing but like
maybe if I got like a little thing here
you have too many Beauty things Missy
too many I do like that the plaque is
right here
looks cool stop come on we gotta get on
move on with the day okay it is the
first day of the new year it's really
actually crazy how dead it is out here
because it is been literally going
non-stop around like like just
everywhere around here me truck traffic
and look how dead it is I feel like
people are just finally starting to
relax
Christmas traffic was crazy and I think
too we're in a different spot so if
we're not kind of used to it to me yes
problem it was really really bad and uh
yeah but it definitely seems like it
slowed down at least for today so it's
kind of nice our fundraiser is
officially over and I just want to say
thank you guys so much like you guys did
some amazing stuff during the month of
December and that money is gonna be so
awesome for the people of Cambodia over
twenty two thousand twenty two thousand
dollars it's so insane so we'll be
talking more about it probably later and
obviously more throughout this month
because we are gonna be setting up Skype
calls and we've got all kinds of goodies
and awards to be giving out and we're
really excited about that and then
February he's going to Cambodia it's a
really exciting year for us I feel like
our lives have kind of changed this year
and we we feel like we're able to
bless others it's awesome it's awesome
new day to our new skies cool motorcycle
it's not lights up no that's cool
you're such a rebel Missy we're having a
family lunch at Applebee's ago we just
gone thank you
we got these crispy green bean thingies
Holly what do you think he's like I
don't know still thinking about it but
they're like green beans and they
lightly batter them and fry them and
then they come with a stick yummy sauce
not like it doesn't like it do you like
it then Mussina has been obsessed with
green beans for months she better like
they're really like crunchy but they're
also like soft inside could we make them
like this at home you think you'd like
not there
thank you no you know yeah sorry mom
yeah no
they are
well she got that Rolly is that gonna be
your new luggage bag husband on and now
he's playing with this big pink bag yeah
going go carry your luggage there you go
look at that we are actually just
shopping for some luggage at t.j.maxx
because ours it's pretty beat-up like
the wheels are messed up on one of them
they're torn and stuff good luggage that
also stands out yeah so I found these
ones are really cool we don't need all
three I'll probably get a like a big one
and a small one for ollie
but then Missy's like ooh I like this
one another same price so you need a new
one anyway it's amazing
it'll probably get completely scuffed up
because we've watched them just throw it
you know yeah less times than I thought
you know Oh Ollie hey Allie
he can't go around the corner with his
bag come here bring your bag over here
buddy
Mimi and Papa mugs oh that's so cute I
have to get him submissive you think
he's good in a small one or should we
bump them up to a medium but I'm gonna
need a carry-on when I go to Cambodia
anyway I don't want to buy four things
of luggage are you having fun
please be careful okay check this out
you guys to 360 wheel in action in that
cool whoa whoa he still has his bag you
guys what do you think there's a strong
does it passed all the tests yeah your
head sorry I ended up getting that um
those coffee cups pop on me me cups cuz
I just thought they're too perfect to
pass up but anyways my mom came over
because they wanted to hang out with
Ollie cuz they haven't my mom and dad
haven't seen him in a while and so a
couple days yeah so they brought over
dinner I'm making but he does we got
Mexican rice chicken steak avocados okay
beans
I find the beets oh I've got baked beans
and pinto beans which ones pinto beans
oh no something's wrong with this
picture you guys look at this okay so
all I was just sitting here playing with
this and we were cutting we were all
sitting here next to him but he tilted
it like a certain way and it just
cracked and smashed and look how thin
this gloss is it smashed so easily and
it didn't fall or anything I just went
it tilted like onto the table and just
you just kind of freaked out so we're
trying to clean up all the glass right
now and all
stuff and Brian feeding him right now
he was so scared like grabbed him and
ripped his pants something like like he
was holding it and that it broke like
with him holding it so it was really
scary but I think he's okay we just
gotta make sure we got to break a snow
globe I don't know are you okay
to see his face it seems like I was just
thinking today see I was like oh it's
really cool we got like a Christmas 2014
he loved that thing too all right I'm
gonna go help clean up I don't know how
this happened but it is January 1st and
I have not changed out my grumpy cat box
calendar so I'm gonna do it for you guys
oh okay so this is what happens when you
first do it let's tear this off blah
blah blah grumpy cat having a bad day
good mmm oh
tartar sauce January 1st New Year's Day
you're having a good day this is the
worst day of my life on grumpy cat
seriously grumpy cat cheer up it's not
so bad have you guys seen this in the
daily vlog I don't know if I've shown
you that is if you watched my office
tour on my channel then you've seen this
it's this really cool hashtag light that
Missy got me it's just so it looks so
cool up there right yeah but anyway I'm
gonna go ahead and end today's vlog I
hope you guys enjoyed it give it a
thumbs up if you did
Missy put up a new video on her channel
it's what all he got for Christmas it
was highly requested so she recorded it
she edited it and she published it
herself you guys and she did really
really good I'm actually getting really
proud of her because she's starting to
love editing I don't know it's just it's
cool to see so go watch that thank you
guys for watching today's video and we
will see you guys tomorrow hope you all
had a fantastic New Year's Day bye first
you read it first
from the mouth of my wife yep I got a
scolding Holly what are your goals for
20,000 2015
what are your goals for 2015 do you want
a little brother or little sister sister
he said sister he wants a sister Holly
did you just say that look at him he's
just like he knows how
