good morning guys can you say good
morning oli you say good morning I have
the best wife ever you guys she brought
me coffee in bed
that was amazing Missi oh my gosh it's
so good I'm drinking out of my Alcatraz
cup and it's a donut house coffee from
the Keurig and it's this really yummy
green that we got international delight
Cold Stone Creamery a sweet cream really
good stuff and you didn't put too much
babe it's so good great way to wake up
in the morning you know what are you
doing making you banana pancakes YUM and
ham yep yes
so normally we put those in the pancakes
while they're cooking we smash them and
it really kind of mushroom in now today
we're gonna try and like mix them in so
that it's super banana yeah
Ali's walkin around with his drink
that's more than all you wanted cheers
can do cheers Cheers
he's like why did you just hit your
drink with my drink
he's so confused where he's like
intrigued this is coffee it's hot
pancake flipping action you ready for
this Oh perfect
all right guys banana pancakes are a
success let me get a couple dollars he's
got one cooking on the stove right now
hey no don't feed him he's like let her
like um screw the oatmeal no I think
he's just putting in this spot no okay
there you go
they're all known there's so much more
banana flavor like when you mash it up
like that I don't like bananas and my
food so I just have regular pancake
foreign hands
how delicious does look go good stuff
home buddy
Mama's bringing you a pancake now look
at your little pancake Oh
oh yeah okay look at your little pancake
he likes it he had all the ones I can
yeah it smells good babe
I don't know what I was thinking but I
got Olly dressed this morning for the
day nice and early because I wanted
whatever he was wearing to be the outfit
that he wore for the rest of the day
meaning even for like naps and stuff
like that because sometimes if he's
wearing like jeans I always take him off
if he's where take them off if he's
wearing jeans for a nap because I think
wearing jeans while you're sleeping is
really uncomfortable I put him in that
cute little outfit earlier and then he
totally destroyed it so I'm so bummed
cause it was like the perfect outfit now
he's gonna wear this one it's not a
little moose on it and it's still nice
and warm and cozy and he can still wear
it and not nap time and stuff but I'm
kind of bummed the guy that I had that
up I like changed him specifically for
it but you're just a crazy kid and
you're messy you're a messy baby huh and
there he is all dressed and looking
adorable can you try and keep this one
clean I love you reading Noah's Ark
is it very interesting all kinds of
animals in there huh oh it's not
interesting holy you can't say that
that's about the Bible do you like all
the animals there's a giraffe and
elephants and tigers and animals oh my
karma he doesn't want you playing with
that time to tear up another page of my
grumpy cat calendar January 12 Monday
happy birthday I hid your present in the
litter box
grumpy cat I thought we were friends and
if we were friends you would know that
my birthday is not today
it's a week from today it's my birthday
we put the dirt my birthday's on January
20th I'm gonna be 25 this year that
seems weird I want 25 is always the the
year that people are like where do you
go to think here where do you think
you're gonna be when you're 25 and then
you go but yeah week from today maybe 25
a week from today my first original
single is going to be released I think
I'm gonna get to hear it finally today
as soon as I do I'll put up a little
preview on my Instagram as well for you
guys I'm so excited yeah I'm actually
all ready for the day and I got my
walking shoes on can you guys guess why
can you guess why we're gonna be walking
a lot today Missy and I are going to
Disney and we're going just the two of
us we've been tracking and hearing
rumors that today Monday is actually the
slowest day of Disney because this is
the day that a lot of kids have started
going back to school after Christmas
break so I think today's gonna be a
really nice slow day at Disney and we're
gonna get to ride a bunch of big kid
rides Mimi you're gonna watch Ollie
right don't let him do anything bad no
hardcore drugs no partying loud music
like tang party I know right she's
probably gonna like put him down for his
nap and then go pick up Cassie and he's
like make sure she takes all of it it's
the greatest thing ever
we're gonna ride Indiana Jones and start
tours I did this and this is where they
learned it I leave my kids they one day
they saw pictures of me you guys went to
the bank the worst thing ever is that a
thing it was the bank I would say we're
going to the bank and they were like we
do I wanna go to the bank but I didn't
take them and we had a great time okay
he's like okay bye thank you you're off
to Disneyland and it's just me and Brian
and no baby and it kind of makes me feel
slightly guilty but we're gonna have a
really fun day today and it's always fun
to just hang out with this guy and
like husband and life and it's fun
instead of mom and dad you don't I mean
you guys haven't picked up on all of our
very subtle hints we were actually
headed on a road trip as a family next
week and I'm be honest I do not like
road trips I have been on way too many
road trips in my lifetime since living
in Idaho and driving back and forth in
California and I just do not like being
in the car for that long it stresses me
out we had decided that we're going to
be listening to Outlander the book on
audible.com and we're really excited
because I love Outlander and the show is
actually coming back on Starz in just a
couple of months and if you guys don't
know about audible.com it's amazing and
my dad has literally been using it for
years because he's a truck driver and he
told me I guess so he's like I hoard
books on audible.com can actually get a
free book and a free month of service
using audible.com slash daily bumps the
link will be down below and they just
have awesome customer service if you
don't like your book you can actually
return it and get a different one if you
guys have any suggestions for books for
us to listen to for our road trip please
leave them in the comments below so that
we can find a good book to read and we
have arrived it's right we are on the
GoPro because we are packing it light
today and
so hopefully this isn't too distorted
yeah dance can mean nothing
we're traveling very light today no
stuff let's do this you're all those
fans so many animals here really though
I pretty sure they're fake right
are you telling me there's an owl in
that in that tunnel right there
definitely a lie in that this is so nice
though it is a lot slower today and it's
like feels really good out this part of
them there's there's a little fish I
don't know if you guys can see but it's
real it's just very nice and serene and
pretty and I'm glad we came today I love
you I'm eating your hair right now why
did you do that
Frank we made it to the heart of the
jungle welcome to the Cambodian shrine
and holy jesus
that's a 500-pound indo-chinese tiger
cute
now these Tigers could jump up to 20
feet however we're 15 feet away so
they'll jump right over simple man
is it the famous Jeffrey Natalia what up
guys should we ditch the kids for
Disneyland how amazing is that how do
you Missy Missy feels kind of guilty for
ditching the kids how do you guys feel
good got some lunch we got grilled
cheese and tomato soup
house-made chips and a turkey sandwich
is that good good sandwich Ben and Amy
do they look familiar
do they look familiar we actually Skype
we Skyped with Ben and Amy when we did
the water of life that's so amazing I
guys having fun he's the best skips
around it like messes with everyone
we just did like Star Wars like first
thing yeah that's so great when we were
skyping we were talking about Disneyland
and how we go all the time and they're
like oh it's okay we're gonna be there
Monday and we're like we're gonna be
there Monday was like what we'll
definitely run into you guys it was good
seeing you guys it's awesome
really appreciate ya know but it was
cool getting to know you guys to
yourself fun running into you
come on you got a jig you guys took jig
on first Dole wet totally worth the 15
minutes we waited in mine please got a
giant piece of pineapple - did you get
flow oh you got your flow it looks like
it's like the Bahamas then fancy up in
here with the pineapple alright guys we
are getting on the big grizzly Rapids it
says you will get wet you may get soaked
we are on a moving platform and we just
trips this is a little wet
okay
look at this ice cream we got you guys
and we got chocolate and cookie dough
he's been begging me to get her ice
cream here forever and we just never
have the time to sell that ice cream and
now we're gonna go and head over and
watch the Fantasmic show but people are
going to go ahead and end this blog here
oh and as you can see we're wearing
completely different clothes we got
soaked we had to buy new clothes so he's
got this really cute shirt now we're
warm at least so that's
