good morning people of the internet that
live behind a little screen I talked to
how's it going guys
Missy is taking a nap oli is taking a
nap we've had a pretty uneventful
morning and that is a-okay with me Missy
actually let me sleep in a little bit
this morning which was nice yesterday
was my morning to actually sleep in but
we actually all got up yesterday morning
and when took photos and that took so
much out of me like we were hiking up a
mountain I was taking photos of three
dogs six people a baby it was just crazy
and it kind of made me appreciate what I
do now because that used to be what I do
for a living is take photos but family
photos are always hard and of course the
babies and the dogs don't help but I
still actually do love doing wedding
photos I love editing and going through
wedding photos and stuff like that but
now I'm actually headed to go get
something for lunch
I'm gonna grab Missy some lunch too so
that when she wakes up she has food all
ready for her and today I just have a
couple things to work on for my channel
I have actually been wanting to develop
sort of like a little show for my
personal channel youtube.com slash Bryan
Lanning which actually by the way I'll
have a link below in the description but
I put a video up yesterday of things I
got for Christmas and it was really cool
I'm actually having a lot of fun editing
and filming for that channel but I want
to develop like a little show a short
show that I can do every week cover like
certain types of topics and do certain
types of things on that channel because
it's kind of just something I didn't
wanted to do for a while anyway but
oh man it's beautiful out you guys I
still do not get used to these blue
California skies it's beautiful oh yeah
get up on that dirty mic flagged Rosie
match-play
check it out mmm number eight you don't
see anything
what's up I wish you could go back and
redo that cuz he came in walking like
this
good morning buddy
how is your nap hey oli look what I got
you I got you a sandwich all for your
very own yeah he's like yes yes I love I
love the number eight at Jersey marks
you can have some do you hear him he's
turning he's going into I can't even
most didn't even I think what's in it
what you did but didn't maybe he'll
actually try eat some you see the thing
getting really disappointed you get me
shocked call a sandwich just sandwich
one bite sounds like he's saying I gosh
she's actually alright no no no Holly
let karma in one come here me
we gotta let Carmen here pull this pull
this alley and pull it pull the door
open no okay just open it with Karma
thank you for letting karma in and then
you shot it just like that you're so
smart high five denied oh maybe now
you're dressing you look so adorable
so I'm doing a little bit of um hacking
ha is this a life hack Missy
hackers are bad oh no it's okay uh okay
so if you guys didn't watch Bryan's what
he got for Christmas you should watch
that but he got a Keurig and actually
that was also in the Christmas special
we didn't know this when we bought it
but apparently the Keurig 2.0 makes it
so that you can't use the K Cups that
are older you want to know why because
they don't have a little white like
thing around it like this one does I
watched this video and apparently if you
cut off the top of one of the new K Cups
and put it on to one of your old K Cups
and put it in there it'll read it and
then you can use it technically it makes
life way more difficult but because look
at all of these that we have okay pops
there's a way I'm throwing these out or
not gonna be able to use them I'm gonna
figure it out so can we tape it yeah
technically the guy said we also use
like a rubber band so I don't know if
this will mess up yeah cuz it's let's
try it let's just see or what if we do
this okay I you can do it that way so
we're gonna test out the Keurig over
there in that corner but apparently
there's a GFI over here and it will not
reset it just keeps poppin and it went
out again this thing is so annoying you
guys why is it doing that reset now one
of them asked for like a second gaaah it
has come to this we're now using the
plug next my friend Holly I'm trying to
demonstrate something
Holly's mother save this place to brew
that bathroom is the old carrot cup put
it on and it says oops
this won't work because we've created a
monopoly take that out so now we have
this one which we taped on to the old
one hopefully that works it's not I know
I'm not sure if it'll pop through both
of those just move it ready in work Oh
ten I'll do eight Oh you push that
button ha brewing hot do not lift it's
really oh yeah oh yeah check that out
sorry Sarge that's so dumb but yeah now
we can reuse that top on to all of our
ones that we want to make making on this
C's pilot mmm
good guys good yeah
do you like your tunnel I don't know if
I can fit though baby um okay it's not
working and now you're freaking out
karma and Ollie has moved on the car
like you to meet karma you thinks you're
another puppy apparently Karma's jumping
over you come eat come here you want
this go get
come on Ali good job yeah what are you
doing up there
I like where we position this because he
comes up here and he's like mmm and you
tried to give his kisses when we're
sitting on the couch so pretty funny
and now he's teasing Karma - he keeps
trying to hand karma something and the
Karma ran up here to get it and then all
the way no mine I want to share with you
guys something
I kind of usually get a bad wife award
because when I wash Brian's clothes for
the first time I always shrink them I
just never read the instructions on how
to wash them and so I always shrink them
and just like though I said it but today
I was like I'm gonna wash this shirt
that I love so much on him and I'm going
to not shrink it and I think I did it
Brian really I think I didn't shrink it
tell me what you think yeah looks like
you did shrink it yeah yeah I really
because I feel like this material was
shrink too like a little boy sighs if I
wasn't careful so I was like super
careful with it and I think I did it I
made it not shrink all right guys I've
got the baby on my back and that means
it's time to clean he's got to be out of
the way for this and um so I usually
just put him on my back let me clean up
huh
and last but not least you have to feed
hashtag Bruce Norbit yeah there you go I
am seriously obsessed with making this
dish you guys it's creamy pesto penne
with chicken and shrimp and we got some
yummy garlic bread here it's just one of
those really easy dinners and it's a
really hearty dinner and there's usually
plenty of leftover so we can eat it for
lunch the next day which is really good
mmm look at that
so I got Jeffrey here he's gonna be he's
got his whole setup here look at this
you guys you brought two electric
guitars acoustic guitar basically we're
just getting ready because I have a list
of really awesome songs that I want to
cover for you guys but I do not know how
to play the guitar
cuz I'm a new so Jeffrey's pretty much a
pro so he said he'd actually record a
couple of instrumentals for me so that
we can prepare and I can start getting
those out for you guys so I'm really
excited it's cool just having this set
up and listening to you play pretty cool
hot buddy
they found the microphone did you find
the microphone Olivia sing something fun
oh it sounds so great yeah so the boys
are in the room right now recording and
they needed the kids to be extra quiet
so we had to pawn Mickey Mouse Mickey
Mouse huh and all I'm just sitting here
cuddling with that it is so cute but
then I got up to get the camera and then
he said he only wanted mama look at
these girls just sitting here watching
their Mickey Mouse
Oliver it's an essay or the baby
what Oh Olivia wants to give you hugs
can you get Liv a kiss grouch you're a
grouch potato you're good to hear ya
hold it out okay good job and would
break that paper ball para Baba's see
yeah Missy watched three kids while
Jeffrey and I recorded and we actually
got two songs done so I'm really excited
because I can actually start working on
those now been a really great time
recording Ollie and Olivia hung out and
it was super cute oh you know like she
was like brushing his hair in the bad
she's like you're gonna look so handsome
she's like even though I hate saying
that word he's saying handsome little
sister she probably always says like
pretty and stuff and so I was weird for
her to say it was so cute she just loves
Oliver but anyway I am going to end
today's blog here I hope you guys
enjoyed it click thumbs up if you did
and what you know am i oh my gosh that's
crazy
oh my gosh miss my sat down to just
funny upside down I couldn't do anything
you okay Missy are you okay have you had
one too many one
