like come on get the let go it's like
going sick is like oh there goes the
hiccups you did it Missy you unlocks the
dog we are having a really interesting
day today brand new hotel what we're
doing sure um I have been writing and
getting this song ready for months now
and today's the big day
where we actually recorded yep so it's
happening so he's obviously been working
on this for a long time we're really
excited and it should be interesting we
left Olly with Mimi today so it's not
running around the studio yeah there is
a possibility that I might try and sing
I don't know I wrote the song so that it
could be a duet and then we didn't
really show interest in singing it so I
rewrote it so I actually have both
versions of the song so she wants to
sing on it with me she's more than
welcome to it would be super crazy if I
actually did it if I actually got the
nerve up to do it I think it was
something really cool would be really
neat if it was me and Brian singing
because it's just like one of those
songs that it's just like really really
awesome see what happens
see how it should be a really
interesting funny day a mom life right
here going on I was sort of in a rush
leaving and as I was leaving I was like
are you wearing slippers today I was
like oh I guess so I totally forgot to
put on my socks the shoes so you mean
okay I guess so
oh yeah they're um well they're eggs
so anyways I'm wearing great Britney
wears uggs in the studios great many
spiritual fitness peers a lot of people
probably would it's like cuz you have to
be comfortable yeah we're so comfy and I
was like I guess that's not comfortable
you forgot you weren't wearing the shoes
so I was like yep oh well they're cute
who cares
success you guys the studio we're
recording at has a puppy a little guard
dog you it's a black love and her name
is Sammy hey so Pat hey there good
little scratch so how old is she Cody
he's gonna be two months two months Wow
she has so much energy she's one so I'm
like I saw the dog come running for
Tamayo
glad I brought my wife here due to get
EMA got eggs got the eggs
okay I need what you have one it one
another way so you guys this is the
space that I'm going to be recording at
this is Cody Cody say hey hello so this
is his little studio he put together and
we're gonna be basically recording in
here we got a nice blue set up it's nice
and chill and dark and perfect for
recording oh also I have everything on a
very cool unmanned flash drive so that's
that like come on get the light go get
the like go get like oh there goes there
it goes you did it Missy you unlocked
the dog so Brian is recording one of the
verses right now and
pretty cool because when you listen out
here something really really neat I'll
let you guys listen about showing a
little bit of sneak peek don't know you
hear the reference of the orginal yes
okay that's it that's it far too long
hole up in you clothes never want to let
go then this round you are feeling
amazing
alright so we're gonna do this maybe you
need be louder find him right yeah lotta
watts of energy hitting the exact right
now today is it really that go
particularly
hey guys just got home and try not to
talk too loud because oh right in there
um anyways I'm actually headed in to
this room this disaster of a room that I
still haven't cleaned and I'm going to
fix up behind me to do a video hopefully
that's on my channel tomorrow actually
hopefully I edit it I've been editing
really good lately and I'm so proud of
myself did you have fun today did you
have fun with Mimi and she said that all
he was so cuddly today then she said
this guy was even more cuddly huh you've
been very cuddly lately you just need
extra Lube so anyways we just got home
from recording and it went so great I am
so proud of Brian like he has just been
working his butt off to get this done
and it's been taking a while and not
necessarily for is his fault at all
although we have been doing a lot of
things taking like a lot of effort from
lots of different people to get this to
come together and it sounded so good I
was so happy well in the recording room
and um in the end I did not seeing any
verses I just could not do it I was like
nope this doesn't sound good
I don't want to ruin the song and I just
want people to listen to and be like oh
this is so sweet not uh I don't know I
just feel like it's time is so good with
Brian and I really just didn't want to
do it so I am actually singing in the
song I'm in like the chorus and I'm in
another part the song I can't really
explain it unless you actually heard the
song but I'm not seeing any like solos
along which I think is good I think that
maybe one day if we write the right song
for me to do it maybe then I can can you
make the bed karma you don't have thumbs
that's like you can't make beds huh we
just filmed a video on this channel so
go check it out it was the high school
sweetheart tag right babe yeah are you
gonna have it edited enough cuz I'm
gonna put it in the description it's
gonna be in the description so she
better have edited it
in the description I'm going at it and
I'm even going to put cool pictures of
it from when we were in high school so
you guys can see them well now you have
to because it's on this wall I don't
people are gonna yell at her I hope I
know I did do it all but miss he's been
doing really good she wasn't editing
like all her videos lately yeah
oh hey mister how's it going woody doing
my mom said that he is starting to learn
to try and try and teach himself to
climb out of it oh great so he's like
putting his feet up here and like in
chickens we I don't think you could do
it yet but you want to hon oh you guys
think you can so if you guys don't know
the song that we recorded today is
actually really special because it's
about this kid good night and this girl
I wrote a song basically I think a lot
of people are gonna connect with it you
know it's about Missy and it's about
Olly but mainly it's just about family
so I think it's really cool actually
announce the name of the song on Twitter
today it's called this is home I think
it's really powerful miss even cry
I do not cry you guys like I don't know
I'm just I'm more of a person that keeps
like my tears inside but when I heard it
I just like started crying this just
it's so so good like he did such a great
job even if you just have like a family
like you're gonna connect with it so
much because it's just like really
really really special oh my god we get
to hear it but you're also gonna get a
lot of like references like to our
videos and our family and our life if
you guys have been following us too so
it's gonna be pretty exciting
I hope all he likes it and dances to it
he already has been you were singing it
in your office and he would like sit
there and and go back and forth actually
we put the headphones on a member oh
yeah he was like going like this for
like the whole song it was super cute
Polly is so excited for this apple juice
we had to wait in line for like
and he's like trying to drink it already
can you grab it but it's a doggy look at
Scooby scooby-dooby-doo where are you
we got some apple just for you now look
hip hurry up mom he's everywhere okay
there you go
there you go kiddo can you say woof woof
he's like no I'm thirsty you guys took
forever you guys ever had to do this
open up like a brand new thing of wipes
in the store to clean off your kid yeah
he just don't see at all over him and
that just happened it just happens he's
making a mesh Ollie what are you doing
you're making a mess kid oh it smells
really weird it does these wipes one
well now we have to buy them you're
really gonna like these package look at
this cool wreath we found you guys seven
bucks for next year's Christmas I know
I'm stocking up for next Christmas climb
climb
good you can do it you can do it you did
it yes you did
that one doesn't spin as well daddy
screwed that one in way too tight he
goes down the slide hey whoa just like
that
apparently Karma's like are you okay do
you stop scaring me he goes down the
slide on his belly and sometimes he'll
like hold his hand out and then try and
whip his legs up and then really fall
down the slide it's quite funny cuz he
has fun and we did put his little
beanbag chair at the end so that if he
picks up speed and hits it you'll be
okay
a toy away right now he just spreads it
out both the entire he literally just
loves making a mess whoa do you like it
ollie
does it have your approval what do you
guys think of our new bedspread you like
I like it it's bright but it kind of
fits with our dark headboard still it's
nice cuddle in it holy every single
morning if we bring him into the room
yes turning off the light
he needs the phone yeah we've been in
the room and we cuddle you got the fan
to go it hasn't worked in forever how
did you do it the buying on that doesn't
work like I just pointed it I don't know
anyways yeah we bring him in the room
and we cuddle every morning oh and it's
so cute and we just like watching little
videos and he does it you keep turning
the light off bro but uh he's like I'm
magic
I imagine oh that is so cool at the fans
on babe yeah I love it you are magical
all right guys we had a fantastic
Thursday but now it is time to end the
vlog we hop on the vlog Ollie you're
always asleep when we end the vlog say
bye bye look it ends you want it there's
a little screen above our camera now
that shows what it's recording so you
can see himself when you do that cute
boy we that's not you yeah like your
nose but anyway before we go ahead an
end today's vlog I wanted to do some
very special shout outs for some people
who helped us reach our goal on the
water of life campaign so Barbara
Nicholson and Julia hare thank you so
much and also marina Williams and Reagan
Ford thank you Jarnell Moussa Mecca
Katie Torres you guys are awesome also
destiny Smith and Sienna Lombardi Thank
You Caitlin Rickson and Bronte Prats
thank you
thank you thank you also Megan Wellman
and also Megan girl in ooh - Megan's
Megan's are awesome you guys
Chloe Hudson and Bethany Harrell thank
you guys so much we could not have done
this without you
that's all for today's vlog I hope you
guys enjoyed it give it a thumbs up if
you did and we will see you guys
tomorrow
say bye ollie hey bye you can do it
there you go oh he's so into it are you
talking to Holly
this is my humble anyone's on the phone
are you talking to
you're talking to me
