oh my god she's making popcorn Missy
he's watching a movie on our TV now hola
oh let it go let it go
good morning guys and Merry Christmas
it's Christmas babe this is Ali's second
Christmas this is Ali's second Christmas
and I think it's gonna be a lot
different I know he keeps it feels like
the first one because I feel like he's
more aware and so I'm really excited
yeah we were up until when like four we
were up until like four we just could
not sleep we were so excited for Santa
you guys apparently know that's like a
thing when you're a parent now you do
not sleep on Christmas Eve so yeah first
edition of that um and I had so much fun
last night that I was running around the
house and I'm wearing these which are
just weak yeah I slipped and I don't
know what I did when she totally theft
and now she's in vain I'm in a lot of
pain like I cannot walk like it feels I
came and move it I can no good crying
well we're not leaving anywhere so feel
bigger nice at home with ice on it
always a week we had to go get in the
planet everybody sees you whole face you
see look at my oh my life hunting on
Christmas you guys oh look her not going
in the ER it's Christmas
yuck
hello good morning just like guys are
vide here forever with the head Merry
Christmas buddy
nothing is no business yeah it smells
raunchy up in here kid
what have you been doing did he poop is
any question I love the poopy daybreak
oh good morning yeah
did we get white Christmas no it looked
white for a second yeah tiny Christmas
we had a sunny Christmas very good Arden
upstairs
I think Sienna came editing a bunch of
other people now you were on the nice
list it was really wondering come rainy
morning come on Merry Christmas
I'm so excited ready I think I do have
pudding
okay cool downstairs on Christmas
morning
hey Kota what are you doing here ah
colors giving him Christmas kisses -
yeah it's just good Missy what the heck
look at this smile on his face right now
oh my god
okay he's really excited now
okay he's really excite now really
excited now Merry Christmas look at
kotas go through the presidencies like
which one is mine which one is mine
there was not this many Christmas
presents when we went to bed Missy what
the heck
santa came and I think these guys added
to it a bunch do you see anything for
you ollie
there's Olaf with a candy corn on his
nose hey did you get a mole off I didn't
actually we're listening my parents did
you get them all off Santa who is that
I'll give them hugs that's the cutest
thing ever
do you like Olaf ha ha that is like a
real life sighs hola it is here only we
got dogs we got people we got kids this
is a museum Holly what's in that this is
also from soon look it's not wrapped on
this side is it ollie
it's like climbing it any what's uh what
is that is that the coolest thing ever
laterally look at this you guys does he
know what to do you think oh my gosh
this is so cool or what you think he
likes it misty golly it's done your
slide who you want to slide go ahead
Merry Christmas ollie
oh oh and there's a lot more sockies
here look at the HUD how exciting babe
this is so cool he loves this thing look
at all those other toys I know he
doesn't even care anymore like uh uh
yeah get you the captain of this what
you get in your stocking some super pops
cool and some what else is in there
ollie
he's like opens it some cars
whoa
I wonder p is weirded out like by the
concept of putting like a big bunch of
stuff Molly look there's more things in
here so you go through everyone else's
stocking stuff would you get Cavs water
me brush your hair absorbs the water
whoa it's like a ShamWow but like for
your hair yeah we're so excited I guess
I should struggle through mine all right
I'm sore mine
yeah that's your UV Hey ooh a flashlight
and some ghetto Oh some good stuff
coming up and some gummies yeah let's
get more outlets like rust in here dude
it's a new cup for water in the bag
that's so cool look you hand me that
dream again
look ollie
yeah so Missy and I we get to stockings
how cool is that comes to our house and
my mom yet I told him to see I think
that's cheating to have a stocking here
and at someone else's house and it's
like uh I already filled that stocking
what are you doing but all he gets to
stockings sure he comes until like
little toddler sex stuff that's so cute
and then we got like what if candy candy
oh you will be using this what to say on
it I heart I will carry this around all
day they're gonna be like oh jeez
Mimi brought over homemade country gravy
and we got biscuits and we are eatin
breakfast
it looks so good
do you like mrs. natolly I don't
remember so uncle decided to get this
amazing toy and he just owned the
wrapped it and he loves it he leaves a
little vacuum cleaner I'm not sure about
how the parents feel thanks Jimmy hey
you have a ton over there right oh yeah
yeah nice sock we have taught him that
anything socket ah
oh my god Holly come up it yet I'll put
a minute he just can't get over oh good
they feel like when he opened the
present he's like I'm good I don't need
a net present
Oh nobody oh my oh good drop it you got
milk and a toy
yeah good you like it no now it oh you
dropped it you dragged it no Brian got
something from FINA make sure this is it
from you and I don't even have that
wrapping paper oh why did it get is they
ever okay when Zanna got me a grumpy cat
gear in the Box calendar yogi you love
grumpy cat I don't know it's weird you
didn't get this word I did not get that
for you I really didn't outlandish
companion long oh yeah look I've been
wanting for years it has all the maps of
where like they go like here's here's
like castle leoch and Craig and Ed nerd
alert recipe it has like all the herbs
that she finds and they grow and Missy
you know you sound like the biggest nerd
right no right you cannot ever say
anything about me and Harry Potter
and I do not even have a Harry Potter
encyclopedia we got some mega bloks
Ollie I mean building castles over here
yeah you're so snotty I can't get it
look what we are making for dinner you
guys I am so excited
my very first prime rib I got this herb
crust rub on it it's seven pounds so
hopefully it's big enough for all of us
but I am so sneaking excited in my throw
this in the oven right now this thing
takes a long time low and slow Oh Oh YUM
that's from ollie hahaha this is an
issue we're having this year this is
this you were having this year because
there are two dads all right try again
I should you mean haha yeah oh the mini
mini drone that's so cool what is it
handle probably stuff like that I love
stuff like that it smells good what is
it Ollie's from poppin auntie he's like
I'll let you know if it's any good
it's no fun as we actually like you yeah
get it out wait wait wait I said for him
and not me
I know whoo it's a wobble so what
football what you go inside of there you
it's like it looks like a bulb oh my
gosh that's so cool he's gonna love that
like tossing that around I know
Karma's gonna love it haha we gotta be
careful with chat around Carla so cool
go Jimmy go Jimmy
rip it up and rip it open it was a dad
cool yeah
he's gotten like uh some kind of saucy
soldering iron he's gonna be building
his own computer
Jimmy built me a computer alright who's
that from wait Santa can we we're all
playing today dad if you don't know my
dad has never been into board games cuz
he says their board game is their boy
wait but you didn't get that yeah I
didn't get that Santa got you clue wait
what's that say to clue it's the classic
mint with a second crime see you on the
boardwalk cuz it's got the ferris wheel
Oh a puppy tunnel if you got you a puppy
tunnel we're gonna go right now
did you already bring it out I brought
it up before dad Holly you like you come
on come on Ali come on oh my gosh
that is so cool Cass
yeah boy Oh
you like it
Brian got a special gift from me okay
hurry up up a salad I got your egg and
this is the part two of it doesn't you
know why they got into Keurig yeah Tolar
game i don't we just leave it like now
you can keep yeah my mom uses it every
single day so we wanted her to have it
and so we got I got one somewhere then
we got the little carousel ah damn
excited yeah thanks baby and it's like
really it's kind of a step up from the
other ones it's got the touch screen and
it's got all kinds of cool stuff we got
Cassie a shirt with a bunch of boys on
it bunch of cute boys Cassie alright all
you come over here we shall sit him
right in it this is rubbish Oh pop I'm
done this weasel is scared of it you got
your little pet silly okay meaning how I
got you a special gift okay look at this
medium Papa got you this
what is it Oh what is that
yeah so we can go on adventures buddy
look it's got cup holders and it's a
little bench and it's got seats and seat
Oh No how cool is that
it's first Radio Flyer Thank You Mimi
and Papa turns into a bench yeah it's so
cool oh he wants to shut himself in it
he's like I will disappear from the
world now right before your very eyes
the one and only Olli moment of silence
please look at Missy he knows how to
steer it already
he can ride it like a little go-kart
push it down the hill and you can just
fold away that's how you learn you like
it dude thank you look at this this is
from my dad you guys yeah he's really an
ally Oh
Wow it's the mega bloks myth so they'll
actually work with what you got him yeah
that is so cool the thing is loud I
think it keeps turning it off on
accident this might actually encourage
him though to start speaking more even
you know something fun here you're
blowing up this wubble Bubble Ball which
you can't actually go inside of it like
the picture sort of depicts you guys
that's kind of misleading but it's still
gonna be super fun I think to play with
Olly and karma maybe you rip it open
Olly like you've been doing yeah you
gotta open it open it
there you go yeah he's getting good at
it
look at this dude it's a little
racetrack for little cars aftermath
Karma you got some presents you want to
rip them open
Merry Christmas Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas
karma is really good unwrapping presents
he holds it in place with his paw and
then rips it would you get would you get
what's you kid
first open presents grab it yeah Oh
feels like a ball does it bounce try and
bounce it oh my gosh that is so cool
haha re come look it like feels like it
has helium in it cuz it's like so slow
oh yeah that's more glass of the dog all
he's like fine don't be like that you
get that thing hi Cass really that is so
cool this is so crazy
that is so cool it was a little toasty
this is air and it's like holding these
balled up Jimmy's gonna shoot up
so oh not one that's cool fun right
I thought I can beat him we're notorious
for buying the things that are like I
don't know they're just kind of silly
games that you play on Christmas Day and
then you probably will never play them
again that's my dad's always done I just
buy silly things and he did it he bought
this one - Jackie's been begging for
this one forever she's going this thing
Joe miser the Volvo that's so neat turn
it down
oh you can turn it up oh that's so cool
okay ready for this yep my camera he's
gonna decide oh and your blades come on
oh there you go okay
whoa uh it's play cake x5 I have the
most amazing wife in the world look what
she got me I have been hinting at those
for a good six to eight months have a
nice yes I kept saying no and so I
finally decided to surprise him and not
only did I surprise him because I put
this in a bigger box like when he got
looked at all his presents he's like
he'd look at him be like I didn't get
any beads oh well I honestly wasn't even
thinking about it Missy I was like no
she wouldn't do that
I'm so excited though I'm actually going
to edit with these and they're the white
studio ones oh look at this that is so
cool it looks smooth - he loves it
oh my gosh I've been wanting this for so
long I am so excited you guys I can't
believe she did that she spoiled so take
that off the original remastered ooh
look at this they come in their own
little case even oh my gosh all I keep
thinking too is it's going to be so nice
for Cambodia because we have a 18 hour
plane ride so these will make it a lot
better yeah so I did the zipper ah there
they are you guys and I wanted white
because I'm kind of going through a
white face with everything it does have
a little bit of red because they don't
have the super all white ones for the
studio but the studio are a lot nicer
quality so this bad boy cooked a lot
faster than we thought you guys six
pound prime rib right here and it took
about three hours I think we pulled it
out and it was a little bit harder than
we were hoping so hopefully it's okay
but now we're like rushing because it's
140 so we got water boiling and
ready nothing is ready yeah so we got
some croissant rolls out and we were
chopping potatoes and I mix so excited
to cut into this like amazing Cassie
absolutely I'm tonka meat I didn't like
Jamie of it for vegetable days and I'm
actually really happy it was done
earlier this is now a give you dinner at
two o'clock girl and like we're still
all cleaning up from breakfast go home
yeah are you doing okay babe how's your
ankle it hurts really bad right I though
so it's not as bad I feel I have to
attend it it's so really painful so I'm
just doing things where I don't have to
like like walk through a whole lot oh
look you guys look a little bit swollen
it's not too bad but my dad thinks that
I probably like dislocated it and then
popped it back in like there was a very
loud pop yeah no I know all right
ollie is taking his Christmas nap lucky
yeah he's getting way more sleep than us
and we were up to like forever
bananas where's my nap honey good enough
um anyways we're almost done with dinner
preparations we are where was in the
kitchen yeah yeah I make my mom do all
this up and I'm I think I might film a
video actually today because I have
supposed to have a video up ride
tomorrow so hopefully I actually do that
and I wanted to show you guys what I get
in that video so hey go check out my
channel and see if there's a fitting on
there um but I thought I'd show you
something I told Brian I really wanted
to start like writing down my recipes
that I like making especially for
desserts
um and so he got me this really cool
recipe binder and the way it works it's
got like some magnet notepads
and then it's got all these different um
like types of meals that you can make
like main dishes
obviously we'll just skip right down
here to dessert
there's like a whole little folder for
desserts and then it comes with
paper that can go into the printer you
can print all your favorite recipes onto
the paper we are having a lot of fun
spending time watching the Sun - Claus
I love the Santa Claus that's what we
always watched when I was little so it's
really old to look at your brother and
sister me there on our phones yeah oh I
don't care if that's what I'm unhappy
some of us refuse to get dressed right
some of us addressed some of us are not
guests they have a gravy boat that's how
you know you've made it you have a gravy
boat
Brian has one degree vote for ever it's
so annoying yeah I'd have to do it not
too shabby
Jim is cutting it up that's the middle
and it still looks pretty pink so that's
okay
I'm definitely a medium-rare kind of guy
but that was my first time ever making a
prime rib so now I know it doesn't take
as long as I thought so also do you hear
that fan this thing turns on when it
gets really hot in the kitchen it's like
an automatic fan and there's no way to
shut it off and it's like stress
inducing when it turns off everyone kind
of goes ah here it is Christmas dinner
we got cruffin that's how you're
supposed to Sam cautions primacy thank
you really small we got prime rib mashed
potatoes gravy corn and that is a
special sauce sort of in place of odd
you and it's red wine beef bullion and
butter you basically boil it yeah and so
well not the alcohol yeah we're all
gonna get drunk off one cup of red wine
okay so I've got a really strange
notification from my security system and
I went in I logged into it on my
computer and I found something really
really weird on the security tapes Missy
I think you need to see this
oh-ho-ho-ho oh-ho-ho-ho
is that Santa
right here
he's pulling out presents
oh my gosh now he's filling the
stockings wait is he putting candy canes
everywhere now
what's he pulling out of his bag
how do you do that hahaha hmm set that
all up by himself
oh-oh-oh
hmm there is some good construction whoa
is he go back up the chimney now hmm hmm
he's eating the cookies good what's in
here oh hey he's going to the fridge Oh
mrs. Claus would not approve
that's my soda hmm
peanut butter balls you say uh he's on
my computer probably great holiday ooh
wait does he have my iPhone he's
listening to music on my iPhone
that
Oh
Oh Zack
ha ha
you
oh my god she's making fun uh Missy he's
watching a movie on her TV now hola
let it go let it go can't hold back
anymore let it go let it go to my back
against the wall
he really likes this movie huh Elsa oh
yes you too there you have made all of
you remain oh I sure made a mess didn't
I oh well this ought to do it
oh oh oh
there we go looks around new hmm oh I
gotta get going
hmm I think I think I remember this
what do you see I thought I saw never
mind that's bad
that was crazy
the best part about Christmas pudding
and whipped cream that's what's up we're
all gonna play a board game this is clue
oh the game and look at all the
characters are different huh yeah it is
a little bit different
um game like mr. green looks like a
wrapper for some sort of hip-hop dancer
yeah they're like they look like real
people now um and there's another side
to this board game I can't show you but
it's like a boardwalk so it's not like
she can't show to you cuz it's a secret
yeah it's not like no elephants are good
enough so yeah we're playing a board
game jam board yeah and you're not
getting out of it um we've got all these
here we need to make some up really good
is apparently Ollie in the kitchen with
the pen oh no what are you doing what
you doing a pizza sorry I take you for a
pony just for wine and good Donald Trump
and teach is so big
I see
I don't know we can actually showing you
that African so our playing heads up and
part of this one was for accent so
basically we get to do is you have to do
accents and impressions and preparing
Brides over here being the most racist
oh gosh okay
oli loves this thing you guys are you
gonna go down good down here we help you
can do it no there you go done is fun
easy take it in front of him okay
c'mere ollie oh you okay
Oh Karma's coming in with kisses like
here okay he's doing it easy doing it
even with things and yeah he's got a
little thing of maple syrup in his hand
yay oh is this your favorite estoy ever
oli
he's just so active and so adventurous
and climbing on everything we were like
we got to get him something good like
this you know yeah for sure I think he
didn't love it
he's got Olaf in here and it worried
about it is that he Oh his body slammed
all I have to give him a hug the cool
thing about it is that he can totally
grow into this but yeah he's gonna be
using this for probably years and I mean
it don't walk climbing walls which
obviously oh yeah you can't you can't do
this part yet but you kids well that's
higher yeah crazy but I mean yeah this
way like three or four Holly what do you
think yeah boy oh man yes we had such a
good Christmas Missy's family just left
we had a great dinner open lots of good
presents played tons of fun games
I want it clue which was awesome because
I was the only one who didn't know
really how to play go down we cover
always kisses in Joey's check on are you
okay that's so funny okay but anyway I'm
gonna go ahead and today's Christmas
special I hope you guys enjoyed it click
thumbs up if you had a great Christmas
and leave a fun comment below with the
favorite thing that happened to you on
this year's Christmas and remember it's
Jesus's birthday so happy birthday thank
you guys so much for watching and we'll
see you guys tomorrow
goodbye
amazing I'm pretty good on your can yes
you'd a vaccine is it Danny oh wow I'm
y'all have to Testament bro
we have you started they started without
it so it's cheating going on here
Christmas but yeah look at this
are you got season four chairs free
right thank you
oh what'd you get oh my God look at this
metal wrapping paper this is very
industrial
