I'm on the moon it's falling that's all
I can do hey good morning what do you
think did you get here by yourself
oh good morning guys today is a very
exciting day because it is the very
first day of the Skype calls that we
will be making to a lot of people who
donated to our December fundraiser that
we had for the Cambodia or water of life
organization and so we're really really
excited honestly I can't really plan all
over his naps around the sky that calls
because there's just a way we doing a
lot of them and he needs his nap
otherwise he'll be a crazy crazy person
but fortunately he was gonna have to go
down for his first nap during our first
phone call but me and Bryan talked about
we decided we're gonna go ahead and keep
him awake just for like a first couple
of calls if possible and then we'll put
him down for a nap say I got him in this
super cute thermal to read thermal and I
love it and then these super soft almost
like a jegging kind of Jean it's got
little pockets and they're so cute I
like them cuz they're almost like a like
a straight leg skinny type Jean but
they're super like warm almost like um
sweats and stuff he just handed me where
the wild things are and I gotta be
honest I'm not a big fan of where the
wild things are I just don't get it you
watching this no man show
he's being so good right now even though
it's like way past his nap
d D D
so Missy hasn't told you we are going to
be skyping some viewers today who
donated to the water of life campaign
and we're really excited because we've
never done this before so it's gonna be
kind of like a virtual Meetup
per se right hey how's it going Katie
you just had to be first didn't you
Haidee show us your shirt she's rocking
a frozen shirt that's so cool oh really
that's so cool all he was just watching
Olaf hey I wanna say thank you so much
for your donation
seriously we had no idea the amount of
like support we were gonna get on this
for the water of life campaign and from
the bottom of our hearts thank you so so
much for your donation it means so we
couldn't do it without people like you
you know what I mean
you're welcome nothing he's talking he's
like huh look at this oh uh do you know
love you have him huh hi Sarah
how are you good
I was just playing a video games Oh what
were you playing Super Mario Sunshine
for the Gamecube oh yeah do we interrupt
you I love that game you can see us yes
and we could see you yes how are you I'm
doing well how about yourself good so
you're from Kalamazoo yes where's that
is that in Missouri Michigan Michigan
what's that that's our we use our hand
as our map Oh
honey here Wow look at all that snow you
better be careful out there Sarah I'm
not going anywhere today he's so excited
all he's been a trooper so he's eating
some lunch
hi Oliver Thank You hi I got my coffee
on my left oh he's so happy see the
puppy see woof woof woof woof not you
garma we know you can woof wah ha hey hi
Esther how are you it's good I've been
watching you guys for so long since you
guys had Oliver oh thank you all right
guys we are here with Esther and she
lives in Maryland and she actually has
done mission work too so she kind of
understands what we're doing with water
of life which is really cool so Esther
why don't you tell us about the kind of
things you did and where you visit it
listen it to Taiwan and also Afghanistan
on Afghanistan thank goodness I actually
taught English in Kyrgyzstan if you guys
don't know where that is is Nia where
all the castillon's are just near all
the Costanzo that's a really that's a
good that's a good location yes
yeah how are you I'm good oh my gosh I'm
in love with your accent yes you do you
do have an accent I don't I really don't
oh my god can you please just talk to me
for 10 minutes straight I don't want to
say anything
I'm just getting a B hi how are you
where you from what's going on Chris how
much are you doing great the infamous
Chris Cleaves I see you all the time on
Twitter man you are awesome
show us your shirt show us your shirt
look at repping the dankest jug shirt
you know one of those headphones like :
you're like calling in and Jared has
those headphones so we just finished up
with all our Skype calls and you may
have noticed it changed a little we
realized that having the table like this
is actually a lot better because we have
access now to all the chairs and we
still have room to like it in in here
and stuff so we had so much fun skyping
with you guys and we are gonna be
skyping with a lot more people
throughout the week so it should be
really really fun and I'm gonna have
like the people we're skyping with do
something different every day on the
vlog tubes now what is going on here
ladies
not the Wii U the Wii Fit you know
really fit case used to all you to do is
stand on that and get fit anything you
for like an hour I'd am pretty sure it
works yeah I got Missy the Wii Fit so
she's gonna test it out is there like
cool like mini games on there yeah you
do like do it I think there's like a
snowboarding or like almost like a oh
cool bobsled yeah bobsled there's some
dance stuff you can do yoga some kinds
of cool stuff on here that's cool look
guys you can make a Wii Fit you for your
pet look at ya boo boo boo that looks
like karma that kind of looks like you
right there all right we got oli here
watching auntie she's checking her
center of balance right now we couldn't
really figure out the Karma thing
because I had to like pick them up and
then they wanted to do all these things
and we just wanted to see what it was
about we didn't necessarily want him to
like lose weight you
you're fine right you don't need weight
loss so anyways Cassie you're a perfect
place now you could just like work on
toning I guess whatever you want to do
yeah there you go
I feel like everyone's dream is to have
abs oh oh are you balancing look at all
the balancing he's like I want to do it
now guys look guys I got package from
Amazon my new favorite place you want to
see what it is I ordered a green screen
and it's like a portable one and it has
this cool stand on it and I'm going to
open this up so I can see what it looks
like is it gonna snap at me whoa it is
much larger than I anticipated I'm on
the moon it's falling that's all I can
do Missy is usually oh you miss you just
you just hit that customer so this one
you it teaches you how to be a good
waiter so it puts these things on your
tray okay okay oh those are fallen oh
those are fallen misses you have to
balance them with the gamepad and
deliver them to the people move Missy
move come on I did this for years it is
not this hard to be honest hey hey I'm
going in - why are you turning around
look at your pigtails you're so cute oh
well you're in the way you see you just
hit that man with a sundae
are you even making good tips right now
yeah oh dang look at that chicken Bay
they look so good thank you it is such a
good job hey do not take credit for me
Missy is making Ally a little plate of
dinner we have chicken which I just
pan-fried with a little bit of seasoning
and then we have pasta and potatoes
I eat potatoes miss eats pasta well oli
is chillin out maxin relaxin all cool
and eating his dinner at the table look
he was like what I'm just chillin he's
got his blueberries now he's happy Missy
and I have moved on to which is nature
bah
check it out see what's in here okay I'm
gonna be honest I already opened up
because I couldn't literally couldn't
even like literally couldn't even when I
saw the box I was like my kind of will
better be in there and Brian spoiled me
this month three bags of pineapple oh
she's seriously obsessed with pineapple
you guys the pineapple what's they
called Big Island pineapple from a box
so there's literally no artificial
sugars colors flavoring there's no high
fructose corn syrup you know that word
um it's just dried pineapple so this is
the purpose not to put snack to pull out
instead of grabbing like a bag of chips
they just got pineapple I see is
obsessed with pineapple you know what I
like guys what else is in here okay so I
got a three bags of pineapple and I also
got nom noms blueberries and then I also
got Greek yogurt Bret so really didn't
like these I think we should totally let
him try this it's like all natural no
artificial flavors these ones are
blueberry they also have dark cocoa
pumpkin spiced apple pie nom noms are
like the best yeah they're very like
moist and chewy and yummy be are
offering this month three snacks for you
guys if you guys use the link down below
in a truck concise DB nature box right
yep you can get free snacks like this
delicious thing yo goodbye mama
what do you mean in the real net guys he
literally didn't eat like any of his
dinner I'm going to give him blueberries
whenever we go to my mom's I'm mom has a
nature box as well and he goes to the
the cabinet yes you know when he loves
you guys he loves the English tea
biscuits or the lemon tea biscuits yeah
he goes praise they're like little lemon
cookies he loves those but yeah it's
pretty cool because Missy's mom loves
nature box too
you guys want to get some free snacks in
each box head on over to nature box
complex Evie nature box walls have a
link low in the description
watch this action Oh dessert well we had
a fantastic Monday today you guys and I
hope you did as well well not no I'm
gonna go ahead and end today's vlog and
I have a couple of friends who've got
something to say to you guys for
watching today yeah hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog you did two thumbs
up
you can watch yesterday mr. happy funny
comment below see you tomorrow bye yay
thank you
don't be watching India doing it Rosen
Holly what are you doing he's got a
snowman and you got a lot of snowman and
we're watching so look at that Olaf you
just came in everyone's favourite
snowman they're watching
