you better watch out you better not cry
you better not pout I'm telling you why
Santa Claus is good LinkedIn horns live
hydrops Ruby two to ten drama Tumtum
Santa Claus is coming to town he sees
you when you're sleeping he knows when
you're awake he knows if you've been bad
or good so be good for goodness age you
better watch out you better not cry you
better not
I'm telling you why Santa Claus is
coming you mean the big fat man with a
long white beard
good morning Olli are you ready for your
morning drive all right buckle up yeah
ready
there you go yeah was that fun buddy
good morning only two days until
Christmas can you believe it ollie
yeah that's a tree about it guys two
days till Christmas I kidding me
dang this kid is running around like
crazy playing with toys point at the
Christmas tree yeah I see you tore this
up over here casing o Christmas tree o
Christmas tree
don't touch that don't touch it you can
look at it but don't touch it K no don't
touch that one either he's like I'm not
allowed to touch this or this oh yeah
you can play that oh not yet good
morning guys I am being extra productive
today because I'm sitting in traffic ah
it's just it's horrific right now like
you walk out you drive out of your house
and then you're pretty much sitting in
traffic for a good thirty minutes just
to get down the road it's crazy
see I'm just making a quick run to the
store to grab a couple essentials and
then I'm back home I put all way to bed
so um he's napping I woke up this
morning and santa came all right it was
just the UPS man but he's like a brown
Santa he's like a brown Santa with a
baseball hat and shorts and a brown car
but I got a package from my good old
buddy Jared let's see what's in here
Jared you has a semi anything buddy
oh my gosh what what is this
dianna f+ it's a camera oh my gosh this
is so cool shoot dreamlike images
multiple exposures pin hole shots
panoramas night photos and more on
brilliant medium format 120 film
oh my god this is so cool it's got a
flash attached 75 millimeter lens use
120 film this is exciting dude I've
never shot I don't think I've ever
really shot with a camera like this this
is gonna be so cool
came with a book diana f+ more true
tales and short stories looks like it's
got pictures of photos that this camera
has shot this is so cool this is like
instagram in real life you guys Thank
You Jerry this is gonna be so much fun
and it looks so cool
look how classy it looks look who's up
from his nap good mornin today he's
gonna live life loud you guys aren't you
oh oh hey Carl I haven't seen you all
day you've been hanging out up here too
awliyas where'd a cool Sly Fox threads
shirt my little buddy is up for the day
and Missy is gone doing a couple of
things
so ally and I are actually gonna help
her out and play with some chocolate
come on lolly
this way come on let's go downstairs and
play with chocolate woohoo I've been so
productive today and I'm feeling that
great I'm on a roll I'm actually headed
in to get my hair done now just in the
quick touch-up with holidays so I look
all good in fresh and pretty kind of I
guess hopefully it all goes good and
I'll see you guys know Missy actually
had to get a new chocolate melter cuz
her other one broke she had for like
five years they lost it a long time it's
actually really nice it's got the
silicone instead of the plastic and it
sits right in there just like that and
it melts chocolate looks like it's
starting get a little melty look at this
beautiful choc let you guys so smooth
and creamy all these like chocolate
chocolate ollie has been such a good boy
all day you guys so I'm gonna treat him
and I'm gonna get a little Teddy Graham
hang on you're gonna like what I do next
are you ready oh yeah go for a little
swim in the chocolate you want to try
this Ollie he's like what is that well
is that yeah he's like I love you so
much daddy you see that he like came
over to rest on me we'll just take the
peanut butter ball put it in there I'm
gonna use this handy-dandy little tool
they gave us and get that chocolate all
up on it a lot of people call these
Buckeyes because they do it with that
pick then they look like little eyeballs
because there's a part of them that's
not covered in chocolate
that is beautiful the prodigal wife
returns to her duty of chocolate yep I'm
here
save the day I'm here Dada da um so you
might find out in the blog tomorrow but
I was feeding him chocolate why cuz it
was cute he wanted only gave him like -
I was like hardly any look at those you
guys thought it's amazing I'm not very
pretty but that's okay whatever
chocolate we are off to San Diego
Santiago hey going to go see brains
camped and we're gonna go
dinner and give some like that and we
actually got his he had something but I
also wrapped some of my peanut butter
balls we dipped a couple like I saw and
I put a few in and this cute little tin
I found at Michael's they were on sales
like 75 cents and it's like the perfect
size for just like you know a few peanut
butter balls
how many Pizza I would say like ten or
twelve that's a good amount like I don't
know but it's so cute I know it's not
that cool okay I don't know if you guys
can see this but that is a hotel in
front of us and now it's gonna be
blocked by trees so give it a second pay
for it it says joy and when I got to the
bottom it says TOI TOI how did they get
all the rooms lights to come on I make
joy what my first hahaha that's awesome
I know different three enough but he's
gotta have is hot well yeah totally oh
it's a Ferrari they're all four by pot
yeah look what else is in there what
else is in it look grab it he's doing it
finally whoa hey guys what's in that
buddy
now he's excited and bad you hit that
back we'll go make noises ah that's so
cool
so where are my aunt Babs now we always
get car things from them because my
uncle actually like designs and does a
body work for cars so it's so cool cuz
we always get our fix of car stuff from
you guys wait for the wagon yeah it's
cool little wagon look at my aunt's tree
guys isn't it beautiful
she's got cut urghhh it's covered in
tinsel which I was never allowed to do
when I was a kid and also look at the
start it's a penguin
mm strands oh man you like that buddy we
got a parking spot right next to the
Christmas tree you guys right outside of
the lot of the Haram Mexican restaurant
used to go here with gram grams favorite
lay oh that's so cool it's all like
decorated and stuff really nicely for
Christmas too it smells so good too so
hopefully you're hungry buddy you'll
hold my hand hold that Beth's hand there
you go look at that he reached out for
you he's getting over his little shyness
uh-huh
nice
that's so cute we are huge
Josef's we are huge huh I understand
that is a huge baby also we stumbled
upon the nativity scene you guys down
here in Old Town looks like it's all
wood car is we we Missy don't look at
that
I just happy easy circumsized oh the
babies the babies we're going through
some of these cool little shops over
here look at this hat Missy Tom it's not
amazing it matches your outfit too babe
yeah so this is where you buy like all
the Mexican treasures right that you
just have to go to Tijuana yeah Oh cuz
now you can't do that anymore
okay man you just get a passport oh yeah
you're the only one with the passport I
am darling I could go yes there's a lot
of breakable stuff we're being quite
brave letting him walk around rooms like
this one you can apply older chicken oh
that's so cool drinking the Mexican
Santa look at him he's got a sombrero on
that is so cool he's got an a-list
as anyone on this list right now
yeah it could be the naughty or nice
list so any of you guys who are on here
let us know in the comments if you're
naughty or nice and then we can sort of
coordinate what kind of list this is
okay but you've done that and they're
making tortillas over here
go still sizzlin
that's a lot of meat babe haha looks so
good
like she's got shrimp chicken steak off
you know you're sharing with me right
okay
patience
hi buddy hey guys johnathan out hello
no alright guys we are finally home we
had a really great night hanging out
with my aunt it was really cool getting
to see her I'm gonna go ahead and end
the vlog now but before I do did you
guys get me a Christmas present I'm just
curious
anything anything at all no okay here's
what you guys can do to make it up for
me number one you can like this video
and number two you can go down below in
that description and click the link to
my new video on my channel do you guys
don't know I haven't done videos on my
own personal channel in a long time and
I threw up a video today so I really
really hope you guys liked it I did a
very fun Q&A and I did some really cool
editing and I shot it a little
differently and I'm just trying to go in
a new direction for that channel and
hopefully I'll get to do some cool
Cambodia stuff on that channel and music
and lots of cool stuff coming up in the
year 2015 so please go watch my new
video on my new channel I'm really
excited to have it up I hope you guys
like it I hope you guys liked this vlog
if you did give it a thumbs up leave a
happy friendly comment below and we will
see you guys tomorrow when it's
Christmas Eve I mean it's already
Christmassy for you guys that's exciting
right
dang it's Christmas Eve alright I'll see
you guys tomorrow bye did you get you
imma kick you kick a kick a kick a
fitness
slow oh oh you've got it you got it okay
we gotta hold it out yeah hold it out
just like that
Ali's vlogging right now yeah say hi can
you give him a kiss
