time to rip off another day of my grumpy
cat box calendar it is January 2nd bank
holiday in Scotland and a holiday in New
Zealand there are two kinds of people in
this world and I don't like them
is that true grumpy cat good morning
guys it is TGIF for us although it just
feels like it's been a really long
weekend just this past week it always
feels like Sunday night it's Friday and
I'm putting Christmas away I've actually
started the process a few days ago and
the funny thing is I've logged a ton
about it and the footage got lost I
don't know if I wasn't actually
recording when I talked all about it but
the Christmas tree and little Christmas
tree is gone that's been gone for a
couple days and I just slowly been
putting stuff away in this morning I
woke up and I'm taking the tree apart
here's all of our stuff trying to
organize it that way it's all neat and
clean for next year when we unpack it
all we've got a lot of new cute
decorations and I can't wait to get them
out again for next year but I'm also
ready to just start organizing like that
play area so that there's not a big tree
in the middle of it and it's kind of I
know he's pretty good about not messing
with it but it's still just a worry I
want this room to be completely safe but
the saddest thing that I do not want to
get rid of are these pillows these hoes
are so comfy and we have to like put
them away for the winner they have
they're definitely flattered but they're
like a sweater material they're so soft
yes I'm just sad pillows don't last as
long as
so I'll have to put those away which
means I'll actually need to get some
pillows for this couch photo workstation
so we are getting things news is here
and edits her videos and then I sit here
and browse Twitter know if he's actually
been doing a lot of stuff today they
look at all of this there's a lot of
donor data here so everyone who like
gets a reward and stuff I'm gonna be
sending out mass emails and having
people fill out forms and sending out
shirts and getting postcards sign and
setting up Skype appointments yeah it's
gonna be a busy week so this is like
gonna be my workspace one yeah so it's
kind of nice that he can kind of sit in
this area while he does that so we got a
lot to do by in ordered pizza for that
apparently something for dinner as well
because he was very hungry
um yeah don't order pizza when you're
hungry a bread bowl put pasta and
boneless wings hopefully this will last
us until dinner cuz my goodness this was
amazing this is Hawaiian but they add
bacon and red peppers red pepper we have
a pizza cutter yeah um we didn't think
we had like the longest time and then I
found one at the edge of the door it
might have been here when we moved in
yeah who knows by the way for anyone
wondering I never found my Christmas
letter and it makes me very very upset
because it was the first letter that I'd
written to Oliver and it was something
that was really excited about obviously
it's something we do every year it's a
tradition and it totally got broken this
year really upset but I'm gonna be
writing another one and I'm gonna put it
in a special spot just like I always do
and next year I will not be making that
mistake
what up oli how's it going kids lie
put it up there put it up there you can
do it you can do that you can do it how
fun oh wow okay I'll help you out he's
going backwards he's going backwards
come on
he loves this toy you guys if you guys
have not seen what all I got for
Christmas Missy did a video all about it
and basically in the background he's
playing with his toys the entire time
it's the cutest thing get it whoo so sad
seeing this tree all empty it's ready to
go and I think that the trash people
will take it for the next couple weeks
but I actually have to saw it in half
before I leave it out there oh yeah look
at all these cool toys you got you got
blocks that's cool and we are in full-on
craft mode
we got rows here if you guys don't know
who roses that is the lovely lady that
Missy's cousin is marrying and they're
getting married in Hawaii which
basically means Hawaii vacation right
there uh-huh
so you guys are getting married on Maui
yes and why'd you choose Hawaii we have
both never been to Hawaii and I wear the
most more proper
it's actually cheaper I think to plan a
wedding over their destination wedding
than it would be to try to plan a small
wedding over here so everyone wins
yeah and we definitely win because we
get to go to Hawaii so we have some
really cool I basically designed some
cool little invitations and you guys are
putting on like ribbon oh that's cool
and it has like lace up yeah I took a
really lacy burlap ribbon and then we're
gonna do some seashell you got all these
seashells here and you're like hot glue
on them these are cool you just buy
these like at the craft store dang you
people are these like real like people
like picked these out or like can you
grow seashells can you like starfish
like breeding we have been working on
these invitations for a few hours now
and I feel like I've only gotten like 10
I think total done so this is the
invitation and then that just that top
part has the lacy and then a little bow
it's kind of all just a little bit
different but all pretty much similar
alright Brian what do you been like
working on this is the thank-you cards
that we are gonna be sending out to the
people who donated a certain amount for
water oh I love that picture so it's
really simple it has lots of space cuz
we're gonna be signing them yeah
and it's just you picture a bus or these
so hopefully that doesn't take too long
to get here yeah as soon as they got
here we got a sign them all and send
them all out what's up Paulie hey mommy
wants these
take that to her Holly don't eat the
Bible he is for dougie the clown's
squirty flower it makes the dog soggy
these four elephants at this room for
another maybe the seal and it's for
monkey and it's for knows most noses to
sniff but a seals nose throws oh is for
organ P is for parade the performers
marched while the organist played
we started with a and went through the
rest but M is for monkey that's why I
like em best you've turned that one he
way he communicates with us is ha who
loves this one oh I love that one when I
was little Polly are you a monkey and he
climbs on everything he's a monkey
you're a monkey oh he hasn't decided yet
okay which one you wanna read one of
these yep choose one
you like the rainbow fish clear the snow
Oh Cleo in the snow
good night comfy come are you comfy hey
karma what'd you do today what'd you do
all day today huh
nothing just lounge around the house yes
that's what you did huh
so tonight before I end the vlog I want
to do some special shoutouts so shout
out to Abby Rowland
Linna via on Sarah oh thank you guys so
much for your donations Ally
I'll say Eddie Alexandra mercy air Laura
Han thank you guys so much
Stephanie gray Becca McCallister Monica
cotton you guys are awesome thank you
for your donation
Whitney Jane Christian Freeman Jack and
Katherine y'all don't even know you guys
are awesome Francesca melih Jessica
McClain and Kathy Conway thank you guys
so much for your donations you got a
pole you wanna play kind of work come on
Pope Paul oh come on Paul
you're weak you're weak your game is
weak karma your game is weak sauce I'm
gonna let you win in three two one oh
you got me you're so strong let it win
anyway I'm gonna go ahead and today's
vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it click
thumbs up if you did and we'll see you
guys tomorrow
Missy might put new videos on our
channels the links below in the
description you're such a rebel Missy
we're having a family lunch at
Applebee's so cool we just got thank you
we got these crispy green beans thingy
Hollywood he thinks he's like I don't
know
still thinking about it but they're like
green beans and they lightly batter them
and fry them and then they
