it is four hours and 15 minutes until
good morning guys so this morning we
woke up to a winter wonderland in the
valley as most of you guys know we live
in Southern California and a more
specifically we live in a spot where it
does not snow I have never ever seen
snow on the ground where we live and we
can drive to the snow it's like an hour
away or so but last night is snowed the
sad thing is it didn't snow where we
live it snowed like five minutes in like
every direction except for like our
little area but when we look out onto
the mountains check out this car it's
got snow on it people snow is on that
person's car when you look over at those
hills there's just like a little dusting
of snow on them so it rained all night
but it didn't snow so I'm gonna go
driving around I'm gonna go find some
snow because I just want to see it
oh it's know it like literally
a little dusty not a lot there was there
were people like trying to sweat it
honey
those cars have snow I know isn't that
so cute hey guys how's it going I am
headed up to wake Ollie up from his
first nap he slept really good and now
it's time to wait
hey Ollie how's it going huh what's up
buddy guess what today is the last day
of 2014
crazy right guess what Ollie when you go
to bed tonight you're gonna wake up in
an entire new year what what you want to
put on clothes is that what you want you
want to put on your own clothes check
yourself on the mirror buddy yeah you
got your yellow pants on your wild one
v-neck you're looking pretty stylish
today can I get a high five hey thanks
buddy
here you want to check your height stand
right there and put your head back look
at that's all tall you are ollie you are
78 centimeters just over two and half
feet you're right at the the deers nose
in reality he'd be a lot shorter than
India come on ollie let's go downstairs
go go go go go go go go go go go go go
nope wrong way you did it that was
awesome he was quite impressed with
himself
I'm over here editing my video for what
all I got for Christmas and there's
cuddles a lot like couches stone steel
fine how you like this show one of those
shows that you just don't quite
understand that he loves it make these
videos these things are they're very big
the big with the kids
anyone else watch Baby Einstein Ollie
literally loves it it's probably one of
the only shows that keeps his attention
and I'm like what is even going on just
these weird puppets and it's very weird
but he loves it and supposedly supposed
to make your kids smart so I guess well
while mommy gets some editing on Ollie
and I are running into super target to
get some stuff for tonight hey you ready
to party tonight
come on sub out oh god look what I got
it's a gold box there must be good stuff
in it
everything's in it I know what's in it
so I got this gold box from Brian's
sister Beverly and inside is chocolate
stuff so she was head of force Pat petit
petit fours he thought we do want to
just say put it I'm gonna say put it but
it's for these are potatoes but um
remember how we watched him or we were
trying him earlier this week and I
didn't link any one of them more
chocolate and so his sister was like
I've no the best kind these are
chocolate royal babe I've seen the
inside of them and they look amazing now
I got to try one and I found these
cinnamon and sugar Pringles at the store
Wow so I'm gonna try these two okay the
end of the year amaze will go all out
right let me try this cinnamon sugar
let me smell Wow mmm or it doesn't like
churros
oh my gosh Missy these are so good
you're like salty and sweet huh I don't
know I'm not gonna try those right now
I'm gonna try the put tit fours here we
go I'm really nervous I'd really if I
don't like it it
mmm mmm cakey it's a cake it's a little
kink babe so apparently I guess they do
the cake like almost like in a cookie
sheet like super thin you know and then
it's got chocolate on the inside so it's
got cake it's got creamy chocolate and
then a hard topic shell do you like it
Oh have a bite but profit really yummy
very good chocolate okay Wow mom really
bum I'm gonna do that puddles everywhere
oh the ground I don't know if you guys
can see but there's sparkles everywhere
banging this around looks like you're at
a strip club Holly what are you doing
under there are you playing with a karma
soccer ball hey you want to roll it to
Karma no he's like isn't that I like I
want to give this to my cars like I'll
just take it hey I am making a New
Year's piece everybody what time is
there Missy it is four hours and 15
minutes until 2015 no not quite
what do you mean 7 8 9 10 11 12 is five
five hours and 15 minutes until 2015
how was your 2014 Missy he's amazing I
think one of the best years Oh get it
and what you hope to do accomplish goals
for 2015
yeah I hate these questions because I
just have a hard time thinking about
stuff like that presses me out I don't
know I think that next year's gonna be
full of like traveling and making
memories our family and hopefully and
baby yeah you heard it from the mouth of
my wife first you heard it first from
the mouth of my wife yep I got a scholar
Ali what are your goals for twenty
thousand what are your goals for 2015 do
you want a little brother little sister
sister he said sister he wants a sister
Ali did you just say that look at him
he's just like he knows how to get in
this thing now it's crazy this is good I
picked up a spinach artichoke dip I
haven't tried to get a guy and I toasted
some sourdough oh wow Josh good snack on
that toasted sourdough spinach artichoke
dip
we got rolls I'm gonna make some
stuffing gravy I should probably stir
this we cheated
we got a turkey breast not a turkey this
was actually on sale after Thanksgiving
and it's been in our freezer for a while
so really let's make it so I got a big
old turkey breast here hello hello
Turkey wake up I think he's sleeping
Missi
I think the turkey is sleeping hello
hello Turkey hello ah yeah this is
happening what's up Ali's getting a
little turkey dinner as well that looks
good babe yeah look at it's all
separated a little plate how cute this
turkey breast looks so good you guys I
feel like you get so much more meat you
know from this kind of breast totally
worth it and the rolls came out really
good albeit I did kind of forget to
spray the bottoms and some of them are
sticking and some of them are good that
is one that is not good this one right
here oli just are doing the saying that
when I tell him to go get a book and get
his blankie and come sit down
ok√∂ grab his blankie grab a little book
you know come sit on my lap and then
we'll read a book and go to bed
oh hi baby Missy I don't mean to
frighten you but there is a large black
and white dog right in front of you
know it but the entire family is in this
room right now - Jimmy well and your dad
and my dad oh oh no I found ice Oh your
face I mean yeah yeah hey Cass easy
Cassian give me our hair for New Year's
Eve but eparenting oli guess what Ollie
you're gonna go to sleep tonight you're
gonna wake up and it's gonna be a whole
different year this is the last year in
2014 last three hours Missy yep he
believed it was born in 2013 practically
two years old
you are a super fast reader Cassie you
know he was doing it the whole time I
love you
I love you like a he kisses Kota the
song birds don't sing in trees above
it's time to sleep my love my love it's
whoo I love you
it's 2015 babe guys I'm graduating a
couple months yeah high five Jimmy what
are you doing this year
don't school yay
I hope you guys had an amazing New
Year's I'm gonna end the vlog here if
you liked it click that thumbs up button
and I will see you guys tomorrow
Happy New Year Happy New Year carpet
Happy New Year Happy New Year Koda Oh
Happy New Year oli where's Ollie this is
Ollie right now you guys he's like a new
year what are you guys talking about
happy new year hey doctor it just wants
this to hobble up yeah yeah sure I took
it okay with no precedent now we have
new friends
Skinner katsushiro Hawks now it's
starting to get more nerve-racking with
me
