what's over here ollie
oh ho ho Merry Christmas Missy was up
last night wrapping all these presents
that we got a ship out today yeah we're
gonna close babe yeah I'm sending out my
Secret Santa stuff sending stuff to
friends sending stuff to family and
hopefully it gets there by Christmas I
bet you guys can't guess what this is
this one is probably one of my best
works yeah that's actually really good
babe hey guys it is so weird that we are
like five five six days away from
Christmas and it's so sunny and bright
and warm outside it's sunny and blue
skies here in Southern California and I
don't think that we're gonna have a
white Christmas ariana grande was
singing about it she's like yo Santa
brings us some snow in Southern
California and I'm like girl it's not
gonna happen
I it is just way too hat and actually
Messina I usually take like a winter
trip with Ollie that's what we did last
year we really want to do it again this
year and we may still but we're waiting
for the snow to come because in
Idyllwild the place we always go to or
even Big Bear there's not a whole lot of
snow right now so those aren't really
our only two options to like go and like
get a cabin and hang out like as a
family and stuff and there's just no
snow but I'm actually okay with there
not being any snow on the roads right
now because that's one of the reasons we
left Idaho for and move to California
because every single year it's snowed
and we ended up in a ditch or it take me
two and a half hours to get home from
work and crazy stories like that because
the snow is just crazy one tape one time
on Christmas Eve Missy and I were going
over to my mom's house and it was
snowing and we were in a little Ford
Focus and Missy was driving I think
Missy was driving yeah Missy was driving
and we we were on her Road and we slid
off of the road and into her neighbor's
fence and destroyed her fence because of
that I am totally okay that there's no
snow on the ground here in sunny
Southern California good morning guys
I have been cleaning up like crazy and
just getting some stuff done and kind of
actually relaxing it away as much as I
just talked about how much I'm cleaning
it's nice to just be able to clean and
lately I just feel like I've been
running so much and doing things and
trying to shop and trying to get
everything just done and I mean I am a
pretty like overly motivated person
sometimes I feel like I push myself a
little bit too hard and that's possibly
why I'm actually still sick is because I
just haven't taken a day to just relax
not that today is going to be a day of
relaxation but I feel like this morning
really has been really nice I just been
getting ready all he's napping I've been
watching some YouTube videos and it's
really nice to just be able to sit in my
house
I just realized as well that I've been
going so much that I haven't even made
my famous peanut butter balls this year
every year I make peanut butter balls
which is like my favourite treat during
the holidays I've actually made a video
about how to make them and they're so so
good and haven't made them so speaking
of I just told Brian he's calling me now
oh and now I miss Michael forwarded to
an automated voice-messaging system
don't you just hate that when someone
calls you and then you call them back
and they don't answer now you're in
trouble Brian still have our star up
there and the reason is is because
here's our star right here which it I
think is so gorgeous and so pretty
bottom is just not very like big guys
can see all the way up there is like two
little things sticking off the sides of
the top it totally doesn't fit like we
should not Luke we cannot get our star
up there just shift the punch of stuff
for Christmas did you know that ship in
right around Christmas is super
expensive good to know for next year um
he told me that I pretty much paid
double because it's like right by
Christmas time but I got all packages
off and it wasn't much more than I was
actually thinking so that's good now I
get to have a day of Christmas shopping
alone ha take that wife just kidding I
love you miss you what are you doing now
you guys laundry is like the death of me
and I am not exaggerating
right now I honestly feel like I stay
pretty on top of the laundry I feel like
I do at least one to two loads you know
every couple days or so I always have
laundry always right now I'm pulling
these out of the dryer twofold I have a
load in the washer that needs to go in
the dryer I have all these that are
dirty that need to go into the washer
and I have probably a load upstairs that
needs to be washed it is so frustrating
I feel like I am always doing laundry no
matter how like accomplished I feel that
my house is like pretty clean or
whatever there's always laundry the
troublemaker is awake me see you
troublemaker
uh-uh he has a little shirt from slyfox
beds which is what he's been wearing a
lot lately and it says troublemaker
you're you a troublemaker ally a little
bit huh mama and I'm still doing laundry
yep that's still happening watch out oh
you want to eat you can go in there and
eat
go ahead pick a room bicker room any
room he does not like to be shut in
there but he's really hungry oh okay
we'll try a different we'll try a
different plan if I don't shut it then
all he wants to play with this food
luckily Karma's not too aggressive but I
don't like it when all he plays with his
food I put this here so that all so that
Carver can eat okay I'm home from
Christmas shopping I mean I was in
Christmas shopping
well I would never buy you presents why
would I do that you think you get
presents this year call Kyle all you get
is oh you're like I don't even know what
Cola is I'll take coal I'll take Cola my
stocking won't you anyway we are getting
ready to go over to Mimi and Papa's
house cuz Cassie has a little surprise
for ollie
and I think you guys are gonna like this
one
what's over here Ollie come look at the
Box get me out of this box
is this oh hey buddy
hi oh you are saw what do you think
ollie
so this is auntie's new puppies over
here empty this is her new doggy she got
for Christmas is like Oh duh Koda and
she just picked him up and he's like
super friendly loves babies sick day
super sweet he's a full breadboard Holly
so a lot like karma oh hey is he allowed
to do that okay honey
how did you oh that's cool yeah he's a
rescue oh he's like oh my gosh he likes
it guys like at the dock I'm here baby
really yeah I see I need a baby to the
puppy
oh I'm so sweet
he's so sweet he's got these you said he
was a puppy but he's like seven months
oh he's so sweet
oh my gosh your says we hi hi hey oh my
gosh look at him he loves me
he's like that's my daddy
how cool cast me you got a dog for
Christmas
you're like the luckiest her dream like
her entire life so it she finally
finally got it hi hi ollie can you pet
him can you pet her gentle right in he's
so sweet Cassie this guy had reduced
karma till now yeah hey pet the dog yeah
so gentle he's being gentle huh name is
Kota um is it short for Dakota
no just Kota okay we're not close not to
go wiggle wiggle wiggle
he's fast Cassie Brian and bonding with
the puppy so precious
yes crawling to my arm so be best friend
who do their karma I think they're gonna
be besties they're gonna swim in the
pool yeah yeah your doggy you smell it
karma what about me
do I smell do I smell can you smell me
it's like he's like what guys you're
cheating on me with another dog not like
he's like waiting for this dog to hunt
through the door karma gets us for the
night at her house all the time that
this dog Koda gets his son and I at our
house yeah totes good doggie sleepovers
Oh that'd be so cute you have a seat
over this is very good you're doing
trick here what are you doing oli oh
it's like have a sit
see how what do you guys think of
Cassie's new a puppy Koda we're really
excited for her we're excited for a
karma to have a friend love having a
best friend
fool together yeah they're similar
breeds so it'll be nice to yeah sure
and it's just fun because when are we
gonna in dog like they become like a
serious part of the family and this is
like our new family member yeah it's a
really exciting time so Cassie's always
wanted this and we just never really had
that time where Cassie could have her
own dog but you're excited you'll meet
him tomorrow okay you guys will see more
of him tomorrow too but I'm gonna go
ahead and end today's vlog we had a long
busy day yeah yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog if you did give it
a thumbs up and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
karma needs to go potty you go potty
whoo bye guys in the sunlight which i
think is pretty cool and I also got him
this little weird Japanese toy it's like
a like a horseshoe game with rings I
guess you can like throw the Rings and
stuff these are like cute little desk
things that I thought he'd like because
he put on his interest and he's always
wanted to travel to Japan and he hat he
likes Japanese culture so I thought he'd
like these and then I'm really excited
about these he put on his interest that
he liked
