oh my gosh it's crazy oh my gosh miss
yeah good morning guys look what I woke
up to breakfast you made me breakfast
miss Epperly
that looks amazing actually made me
pancakes Canadian bacon eggs all these
over there snacking away good morning
guys it is freezing in this house isn't
that the heater been on like all night
well it's definitely warm upstairs but
it's freezing I don't know why I feel
like it's not very well insulated down
here like maybe there's a good window
cracked or something because I am
freezing look at all these fancy
Canadian bacon egg
I missed you think in Canada they just
call this regular bacon you think that
they call our bacon American bacon early
morning questions I don't know all I
know is is that stuff stuff is like very
really good and we're off we are off to
Idlewild karma karma is very excited
he's coming with us and all he's back
there he's a little upset because I've
got him all bundled up and a bunch of
warm clothes because it's it's actually
pretty cold a night a while he's been
back there like all mad so I finally
took off his shoes and it sucks but he's
still wearing tights underneath that and
he can't take the tights off so he's
kind of
hot and karma is just so excited you
can't even handle it now we are off to
Ida while we're going to take some
pictures and have a fun day up in the
mountains
you
you
you
and we have arrived with little Mickey
in tow we just met up with Missy's
family getting ready to go do some
photos just ate lunch at cafe aroma on
the greatest places you can eat in
Ottawa D best Pesci Alfredo I've ever
tasted in my entire life even homemade
it's the best what do you think about
this cold weather buddy he's got two
shirts on a scarf and his Mickey jacket
it's like you just woke up
look at these blue skies and big tall
trees oh all he wants to go with Mimi
and Papa apparently I'm gonna go
somewhere else and you can see them
there he's interrupting my beautiful
nature footage beautiful nature footage
see in a minute see them in a minute
this is pretty funny
they're funny before wear black pants
completely covered in white fur that's
funny you can specifically and then I
got myself a wine black dog welcome to
the next 20 years of your life 20 years
check this out karma
it's so nice out here smells good it
feels good it is cold it is very cold
but it looks great what do you think
karma you wanna go explore reusing this
little trainee leash cuz he loves a pole
and he actually walks a lot better now
on the leash but this is a little hiking
Park in Idyllwild called Humber Park and
they have like designated parking and
like trails and stuff so we're gonna see
if we can find a spot to take some
really nice family photos
hey Kota hey gota oh oh hi Kota my baby
dog need to Sharon oh yeah I am wearing
a black sweater Oh No
look what Jimmy found snow ah this
brings back so many horrible memories of
Idaho it's so cold but did you know what
snow is always looking good in his new
little sweatshirt yes you are you know
me
this is getting all beautified cool
shirt babe got the lacy flowery sleeves
yeah yeah so I'm wearing this lacy shirt
which is very pulled out
I like that huh and um hopefully he'll
say let's go with everyone else um we
just found a wrong bit of ice small I
almost slipped on it I thought I'd be
smart to wear heels so that was smart
uh right Brian very hear muffs he's so
silly
cold it is cold I don't know that people
not a massive I know that's we are
headed up the hill we're gonna find a
good spot so we can take photos and
everyone's all dressed and ready
hopefully we all match right now we
don't have Claire thinking we'll just
Photoshop in me because he didn't have a
well he he's a cat so I think he would
just brought away
you
look at this tree we found you guys
first of all its body is like twisted
how do you get that twisty thing Jim
from wind yeah it's crazy and then look
it's got all these holes where
woodpeckers just went crazy right she's
yeah we captured over there we kept
hearing him sounds cool do you think
about this big tree you see it cold see
if I'll stand on top of it it looks fake
almost miss he looks so cool oh don't
either no don't eat it look I really
want to know okay I died we are all done
taking pictures huh
that was crazy you guys okay so Missy
and I are sitting on this log and Jim is
standing behind the camera throwing the
dog up to get Ollie to smile like my
brother and sister like dancing around
the other dogs and it is really fun we
got lots of really good photos oh I'm
glad we found this tree kind of just
fell right here in front of my camera it
just fell we were like we need a spot
and I set the camera down and then a
tree just went boom and fell wait
everyone just be quiet for one second
here that that's not a nature walk away
quick talk quits ah he's a little mount
explain how babe good thing we got on
those cute little bill the bear boots
they're not actually from build-a-bear
but they look like they could go on a
built the bear walking up or walking
down the hill in heels is much harder
than walking up oh really
a little bit all over that trees at
least two three times your size as a zoo
vendor joke not a cell tower either hey
check out this playground guys I just
saw this diving in I've never been to it
or anything I kind of feel like it's new
and I was like we have to go there with
Ollie so he's so exhausted but we're
gonna make him play at the playground
first look at that face
yeah guys are look at him have you ever
seen him like that guys not to view the
baby coos oh maybe oh my go to the park
for us yeah we can lay him down on a
slide thank you
I do Alec community playground check
this out it's like a little house yeah
it's like a real like tree house like
forth they've got like slides and
tunnels all right oh good morning maybe
you wouldn't want to Morgan whoa this is
so cool
hey I can tie a rope and he'll be whoa
Wow no you can't grab on ha ha I mean
he'll that's impossible
whoo your phone beeped you oh my gosh
that's crazy oh my gosh this on the
upside down I couldn't do anything
you okay Missy are you okay have you had
one too many
one too many spins sit down just sit
down sit down
you're okay yeah okay I don't know I get
like that like really kind of take over
push it so you can kind of swing your
body yeah that is weird it's like
defying physics yeah okay push yeah
there you go be careful you like it I
think he does like all right let's yeah
okay go terrified no caramel loves the
slide coda follow the sound of my voice
what is going on in there
what is hoping what the heck happened
that was hilarious it was like shaking
uncontrollably
are you okay Kota it's okay boy
Carmen loves the slide you're flying
Ollie what are you doing yeah yeah what
are you doing where's mama he's
panicking he's beg it you made it yeah
you want to try and climb it all right
is on like a big boy nice whoa we are
back from Idlewild and it is dinner time
so I cooked up some carne asada and rice
and beans and we're all eaten like a
happy family oh yeah this was from
breakfast I like I'm like fun in the elf
yeah look what is he dance he's dancing
to like music that we cannot hear do you
guys see this music it is like oh hey
hey guys before I end today's vlog I
want to let you know that if you haven't
donated yet to our water of life charity
that there's actually still a couple of
days left to do so thank you guys so
much for helping us hit our goal and I
think we're at like 21,000 now which is
amazing so if you guys still would like
to give there is a couple more days to
do so I'll have a link below in the
description so you guys can check it out
and give if you would like but as for us
we're gonna go ahead and call it a night
I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog
give it a thumbs up if you did and we
will see you guys tomorrow bye because
I'm saying bath so much
it's okay won't give you a bath all I
totally just suckered them into letting
out of the car
it's like let's go for a walk maybe stop
bathroom I do not let him out of this
car then you can never get him back in
there this kid's got them wrapped around
his little finger I have noticed a
abnormally large amount
