let's go oh let go don't pause Oh Paul
can you say good morning guys
look at those big blue eyes gobo gobo
gobo say good morning we're at Mimi and
Papa's right now yeah you ready to go
that bunny wait hang on Wow so I'm at
Target right now with my parents we are
planning a photo shoot for tomorrow and
so I've been at their house trying to
figure out what we're gonna wear because
it's a lot of people and it's hard to
like it's hard to kind of photo shoot
for just meet Brian and all eight it's
even harder to do like seven people but
I think it's coming together we're
looking at these cute little gray boots
my sister's feet are so small that we're
just shopping in the little kids section
she has the same size feet as me yes
sure you guys have like the little baby
like their size five five who wears a
five kids kids wear fives known just Kay
actually they have more options for
shoes they can shop in both the kids and
the adults but um yeah we found these
cute little boots actually I cute the
insights cheetah which is super cute
which you'll never see yeah I know you
don't see that at all but they're really
they're kinda like this metallic color
and it's cool it's neato like they don't
come in half sizes yeah technically I
think a we would she wears a photo oh my
goodness there's nothing nothing like
keeping you oh you're crazy
stop are you crazy it's Harry Potter
weekend yeah
a ABC family's been airing at all the
Harry Potter movies well except the
fourth one they did not air the fourth
Harry Potter movie so I'm really really
bummed but we got Harry Potter and the
half-blood Prince up this is actually
the time of the year where Harry Potter
fans sort of go into Harry Potter mode
you know what I mean because this is the
time of year where all the movies used
to come out it's cold so it kind of
reminds you more of Harry Potter let me
know if you're a Harry Potter fan in the
comments and if you know what I'm
talking about like this is like the time
like I want to drink butter beer Missy
and I are actually gonna grocery
shopping today and I'm think I'm gonna
get stuff for butter beer
but anyway how's it going guys today's
kind of just been a boring day for me I
got a really good workout in which was
nice and I got ready actually I don't
think I did anything to my hair so my
hair looks kind of blue but it's just a
boring Saturday with my good old pal
karma hey hey there boy how your squads
are sharp dang you're gonna tear my
shirt don't tear my shirt have you been
a good boy today
my brother Park when I go for a walk
I'll take a bath no no please no bath he
hasn't had a bath in a long time
actually also he's probably freaking out
because I'm saying bath so much it's
okay I won't give you a bath all I
totally just suckered them into letting
him out of the car he's like let's go
for a walk maybe pop function I do not
let him out of this car then you can
never get him back in there this kid's
got them wrapped around his little
finger I have noticed a abnormally large
amount of YouTube comments Instagram
comments tweets and and stuff of that
nature
regarding this yes that is a spider on
top of our very dusty dirty lamp in the
middle of my kitchen it's a spider
it's from Halloween we threw them up
there and we can't see him like when
you're just in the kitchen you don't
really see it so we haven't taken him
down I mean we should give the guy
little name since he seems to be
sticking around for a while guys I'm
having a super mommy nerdy moment I went
to go get my wipes that I always get a
beginning and they have water boys I
haven't bought these things in months
because I usually have to buy them
online and I just haven't gotten around
to do it so I just keep buying
baby can ex-wife's but they have them
about all the ones that they have he
only had three packages I'm so sorry I
don't
hey just like a big a big of a little do
you think I'm reunited with my boy
we just went to Ross now we're actually
headed to rouse to get some groceries
because we've been seriously lacking
like I cleaned out the fridge and the
pantry today we have no food that's not
good it's not good yeah we need to buy
food
chica chickens ooh he's been so smiley
and cuddly though cuz you miss daddy
Jenny Chu David bye-bye in where's your
belly button where's your belly button
darling it's not over there no where's
your nose where's mommy's let's your
belly button yep
where's Mama's nose
no and that's your notes hey no look at
this very unorganized pantry you guys we
definitely need to organize it yeah it's
just really hard to keep organized yeah
I don't know why it's so hard we got
like snacks baking stuff food we did get
these things today and so these are
gonna be for like flour sugar stuff that
we can keep in bulk on the bottom but
like we need we need like little baskets
or something organized I don't want the
baskets to make it so I can't see this
stuff yeah they have to be sort of
shallow but like long - it's really yeah
it's weird if you guys know where we can
look to find baskets that would be
awesome because I just or like if you
guys know of like something that we can
put in our pantry to organize is that
there's got to be a product right it's
gotta be something organized things yeah
what's that buddy
he's pointing at something food food
Missy today got me these airborne
everyday gummy vitamins things to start
building up my immune system before I
head to Cambodia because I get sick very
easily
do you hear cover ring in the spell
right now you want to go out okay there
you go hell I got it
poo poo yeah I get sick very easily and
I am going to Cambodia where there is a
lot of things that I can get sick so
Missy picks up these airborne everyday
gummy vitamins these are huge babe look
how big these things are I was worried
about you getting sick from food
poisoning heat sink or the small thing
for food poisoning you're really really
scary and I'm really afraid that was and
it never fails that I always get food
poisoning when I go on a trip usually
like that's how it was when I was
growing up any time I ever went on trip
I always got food poisoning
all right he likes to play with the ice
whenever we open the freezer put the
what buddy oh you would not like these
these are not that great Hey
yeah they're not that great that's okay
though I'll take them until I leave
should help a little bit hopefully
alright guys so I'm sitting in front of
my computer and we're doing it we're
getting our flight for playlist live if
you guys didn't know we are actually
going to play this live in Orlando
Florida on February 5th so if you guys
want to go you guys can get tickets
below in the description I think there's
like a hundred tickets for at like the
cheapest price right now so right now is
a really good time to buy playlist live
tickets so we're going to be there in
February in Florida and we're really
excited because we did this last year
and it was so much fun but Oliver is a
completely different kid now so it's
going to be a lot it's going to be
different and I think even more fun plus
they just added like new stuff to the
Harry Potter in Universal so that's
really cool
um yeah all around we're pretty excited
Missy is folding laundry dang babe look
at this you got your hands full today
and I've got like almost all my chores
done hmm tomorrow we're gonna have a lot
of fun so I just wanna make sure
everything is caught up so I don't worry
about tomorrow
yeah and karma what are you doing you're
a shilling he's chewing us up he took
out all the fluff out of the head let's
go Oh like out Gopal jump off stop all
that good yeah Oh ha ha ha ha ha here
I'll throw it for you I ready 3 2 1
okay end desire ha ha but anyway oli is
asleep look what we're doing hot
chocolate and yes that's Jared on
FaceTime over there we're trying to
coordinate flights Wow such great old
time seeing in this song hope sing along
to my favorite song thank you thank you
very much I think that I think that
deserves a clicking of the thumbs-up
over here if you how would we just hang
out with them we just put them on the
computer do our chores and they hang out
with us pretty much that's how we got to
do it but yeah anyways I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog I'm gonna end it
here
if you did enjoy the black click the
thumbs up button and we will see you
guys tomorrow
baa aren't we all e are you enjoying
yourself he's just been sitting there
drinking and smiling you love it huh
yeah this is the scenic route okay
that's me
hi hello Brian shadow the hello shadow
hey how are you shadow
all right me to the park you ready let's
put down your cup how is the right in
Paulie
he's like I was very relaxing yeah go
ahead here he's still in like his one
piece I know it's really warm I know
we're all kind of freezing we didn't
really dress prepared for this let's set
him off you should probably go play with
him okay he knows what to do now he's
like yeah you climb this and then go
down the slide
