you ready going on a slide what's bumpy
wasn't it
ow ow that hurt me in like three places
laughing
post Christmas Day everybody
and look what all he's doing he came
into the living room holding this mega
bloks like uh I want to play with these
you gonna start building some stuff with
these buddy it's about to be all taken
apart okay there you go yeah dump it all
out just like that there you go that's
how it's done
you got to become a block master okay oh
he only works in black or very dark grey
just like Lego Batman Carl what are you
doing you're playing with your Christmas
present like how you get my toy and you
went like spelled it wrong okay I'm
wearing my Christmas present yeah it
fits just like Cinderella
you like them and my ankle feels a lot
oh good good like yesterday I really
couldn't wear them because I like my
ankle is killing me yeah and like
anything on it was just bad that today
feels so much better
all these playroom those all organized
and set up and look at the giant boobie
is getting smaller Missy not weird this
thing is so cool
I literally have been playing with this
like I play with it all day last night
after all I went to bed but yeah we got
all these toys set up and we got stuff
under here we do need to get a toy chest
for this area now cuz he's got a lot of
stuff going on yeah you like that
Deborah he just woke up and it was like
Christmas morning again Oh Olaf sits
right there :
oh did you not want oh he's like no you
are not allowed oh you want to go in
there oh my gosh alright sit down we'll
go for a ride
I put Olaf in there and he threw him out
and then sat in there himself success me
me leftover a big thing of sausage from
yesterday's breakfast so we are making
gravy and using leftover biscuits or
biscuits and gravy hey this your you're
hauling around your maple syrup that's
from his little shopping cart he has
he's been hauling it around
we got pineapples and eggs and cheese
for Ollie yeah look at him he's like
okay I'm gonna go eat what's a
oli is very watchful of that thing this
he's a little bit frightened I am
already I'm getting ready to do a video
and hopefully we get it done edit it and
put it up alright now we totally didn't
give karma and Koda and Leo their
Christmas cards yesterday
I'll give karma his all right take that
I see yet hey like it's my letter there
you go rip it ah there you go
what is it okay it's a little card Oh
looking good
Merry Christmas with love to my faithful
friend it's a it's a Christmas card for
a doggie and it's actually a bone yeah
it's a little car than IQ we found this
at Petsmart and it's a bone so they can
like really enjoy it petit fours or is
it but the ticks oh my gosh why you
think I'm a petite I don't know is it
but it's for I don't know what are these
things called you guys speak English I
love these things I remember my grandma
had a box when I was little and I used
to like sneak them all the time
basically what they are is small little
square cakes and then they're like
frosted and designed so this is what
they look like up close you guys are
like super fancy super detailed as you
can see there's a couple missing yes and
I've been trying to find a chocolate one
because I know Missy would love these
because they're basically just cake
right I haven't tried this one so I'm
gonna try it filled it No
mmm strawberry is it like frosting
inside of it I don't know if it's really
frosting but it is like very moisture so
it's like a cake ball mostly the inside
looks like moist like almost like
there's frosting inside the cake kind of
yes yeah I don't really like cake balls
I don't know if I'd like these check out
this light you guys that all comes from
the window in my office and I just
filmed a video on it basically if I want
to film a video for my channel on like
with this that's my life horse I have to
do it like the first half of the day cuz
afterwards the sun's like over there and
then it's like really dark in here it
doesn't look really great but I just
shot a video from my channel what I got
for Christmas and so that should be up
soon
Missy's editing her video right now you
guys look at this this is the coolest
thing I set up her laptop with Final Cut
Pro Photoshop her and Slade's music
everything she needs to edit videos so
she's learning slowly but surely this is
gonna be great Missy you're doing really
good too okay she's editing her what I
got for Christmas video I think it puts
me in a bad mood why because I just get
so irritated oh baby don't get here at
yourself
ya know Missy you're adorable and you
have an amazing personality embrace it
okay you might actually see her videos
change a little in the way she edits
them versus the way I edit them all
right we got quota Cassie karma and
Ollie going on a Red Ryder adventure
yeah linkie cuz it's freezing here
seatbelt on even yeah is that cool I
think it's cool just because he would
totally just climb out of this yeah yeah
very much so and all you can set your
drink right there if you need to see if
you don't hold onto it set it there or
you can hold onto it that's cool to like
kiss my face didn't ladies head down Oh
Khoda coming you ready gonna walk like
do you have to ask me that for reals we
are getting a will dirty on this thing
aren't we all E are you enjoying
yourself he's just been sitting there
drinking and smiling you love it huh
yeah this is the scenic route okay
that's me
hi hello Brian shadow say hello shadow
hey how are you shadow
all right me to the park you ready let's
put down your cup how is the right in
Paulie he's like I was very relaxing
yeah go ahead here he's still in like
his one piece I know it's really warm I
know we're all kind of freezing we
didn't really dress prepared for this
let's set him off you should probably go
play with him
okay he knows what to do now he's like
yeah you climb this and then go down the
slide it's just like a larger version of
what you have at home Holly you got
watch out for them now come on yeah I
just probably go up there with him huh
you ready go down the slide what's bumpy
wasn't it
ow ow that hurt me in like three places
just got back from our walk and look at
Khoda you guys Cassey I think he might
be dead no oh there is okay when you
pull this arm up and it fell limp I was
like should I be vlogging this this is
playing captain toad I'm not sure if we
ever show this to you guys but we got
that thing that Ellie and Jared have and
it's basically like a hot chocolate
maker we made it the first time with
chocolate bars and milk and it was so
good you don't have a tea so I'm just
gonna use the powder
look at that isn't that cool
I've got mix it up and keep it up all at
the same time hey Olli can you get off
the phone for a second I want to show
you the cool Christmas card my sister
sent you pedda it's so soft
isn't that cool it's like fuzzy
it's got like cotton on the outside feel
it oh you're getting a phone call
he loves the card though miss he's like
oh he's rubbing his face against it yeah
oh that's so cute
Oh
do it ah yeah see it says says this card
is so soft couldn't stop petting it oli
might like it too
- Brian Missy and Oliver love Beverly
you feel baby Sonny does I love it yeah
I love this thing I put your mini
marshmallows in it as requested there's
good huh come on go down the slide there
you go sit on your butt you're gonna go
ahead first there you go whoo you love
that don't you
all right say bye-bye to mama we're
gonna go see a movie okay
good my my big homey kiss mmm
making you work for it yeah it's part
yeah it's time for the little with got
see which one can you just sell us if
you tell us part or poop we won't care
duh oh that's good all right wait it
just got out of into the woods what you
think you go I wasn't expecting it that
much
yeah I actually have never seen or
really heard of it until I watched like
a preview but we're really excited and
actually ended up being really good the
movies are crowded right now you guys
and we were in like the worst place ever
so like the people right down from Missy
like obviously they were just like
enthused but they were like talking the
entire time and then the person behind
me literally kicking my seat I'm like
are you kidding me like those were only
the moves the worst like movie
experience ever but the movie was really
cool yeah
like as I was leaving I was literally
gonna be like just so you know you were
extremely loud I didn't I was like
excuse me yeah be nice and just like I
literally just said I was like we did
have a really fun night but we are
headed home it is cold and we're all
bundled up it's really cool it is
relative oh this how he looks good that
isn't the age of a design is oh it's
really cool but I wouldn't say that you
need gloves on Heidi was like brigands
love's uh you know D those okay but it's
not like I don't need gloves oh man but
anyway we're gonna call it a night I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog give
it a thumbs up if you did and we will
see you guys tomorrow bye oh my god
she's making popcorn
oh uh Missy he's watching a movie on our
TV now oh oh let it go let it go
