silly where's ollie
ah
you guys ever wake up feeling like this
grumpy
just grumpy just woke up on the wrong
side of the bed well that's how I woke
up when I found out that my iMac will
not turn on no matter how many times I
push this button nothing this is a sad
day you guys I actually have my old
laptop in the shop right now with Apple
they're fixing it because it was having
issues and turning off like on its own
but now my iMac will not turn on either
so Lily
I did do some work on our channel page
if you guys didn't see it
we are officially decorated for
Christmas what do you guys think also I
woke up to find that we had 200 1000
subscribers already that's awesome also
I happen to dig something out of storage
today my good old trusty passport I got
this thing seemed like five years ago I
was whoa my chair broke everything's
breaking on me this morning about five
years ago I was all set to go on a
mission trip overseas and I needed my
passport I'm I was going with a local
church actually like a week before the
trip I hurt my ankle very very badly and
I was on crutches for like a week
straight and it was pretty horrible so I
never got to go but I still had my
passport and actually this is really
cool because my passport is a ten year
passport so it doesn't expire for
another five years
so if we want to go out of the country
we can because I have it Missi and Ollie
would need a passport does it all I need
a passport I think little kids need
passports right how does that work I
wonder if it takes a long time good
night guys
and I am not in my house I'm at my mom
and dad's house I really want to play
some video games she's been begging me
for the past like three days and so I
was like you can play some video games
and I'm gonna go to my mom's and I'm
gonna help decorate and put things out
put things up and stuff while Ollie
takes naps so that was our deal so
hopefully he's playing video games but
we just got done putting this on the
wall isn't that cool
um if you guys remember me putting this
up in the other house but it was really
really fun and like kind of super
complicated and a lot of mass was
involved so we did this one here it
wasn't as hard but there was a lot of
math and my dad sitting here putting
together the TV mount sing and I was
like doing my measurement so I'm like
okay this one's 37 in two lines before
38 like that's how I measure things and
he's like over here laughing I mean like
that's not how you do it what is 37 two
lines before 38 it should be two eight
oh one eight one eight or like 7/8 mean
7/8 there's one sixteenth then there's
one eighth and then there's I believe
there's a little human being up here who
is finally awake from his long winters
nap shall we see who it is
good morning good morning buddy
Oh careful with that head you only get
one of them what's up buddy
hmm and then what happened yeah
 nothing happened you're up and
ready let's start the day look we got
this sob and there are some ugly holes
up here so we decorate it with this now
my dad was able to actually get the
really get you and swin yeah
few minutes okay give mom a kiss
scuse you oh that was nice one
screenshot that I want that picture
you're wondering why there's a floating
box it's cuz it's on top of a child
silly
where's Ollie okay just where we're
going we're going to go back and try the
nativity scene because they have a few
shows tonight okay to the living
nativity scene sorry and we're together
finally we have been hit like just
separated all day and the main reason I
told him is because you better be
playing video games and he didn't you
didn't play any video games in Plainview
he actually worked on like YouTube
banner and a video so he basically has
just been doing YouTube sub all day he
didn't even play a game when you're a
youtuber you don't really have free time
so your free time you do you - I guess
though cuz it's your hobby your passion
and your job so they're young
come here yeah you see the animals
he's barking at them there here's a
donkey
while they were there the time came for
her to deliver her child and she gave
birth to her firstborn son and wrapped
him in bands of cloth and laid him in a
manger because there was no place for
them in the end
being watch over their flocks by night
then an angel of the Lord stood before
them and the glory of the Lord shone
round about them and they were terrified
but the angel said to them do not be
afraid for see I am bringing you good
news of great joy for all the people to
you Is Born This Day a City of David a
saviour who is the Messiah the Lord they
were overwhelmed with joy on entering
the house they saw the child with Mary
his mother and they knelt down and paid
him homage then opening their treasure
chest they offered him gifts of gold
frankincense and myrrh so I don't know
if you guys can see him that was so cool
and now they basically open up to like a
little petting farm
that's yum-yum the donkey's look at this
thing right here this is an alpaca oh my
gosh they're so fluffy baby Silom wow
that's amazing they're so fluffy yeah
here the donkey's name is yum-yum and IQ
who's that Ollie
Oh careful this is a major ollie this is
what baby Jesus slept in he doesn't have
a nice crib with an organic mattress he
slept on hay he was a strong little baby
just trying to poke the other goat over
there all right you guys we are home now
it was a rainy wet night and it's nice
to be home all snuggled up and warm
again before we end today's vlog though
I did want to do some housekeeping just
general housekeeping stuff
housekeeping yeah you know how I don't
do housekeeping yeah I do
yeah I do housekeeping on the vlog I
didn't want to say that if you guys
donated a certain amount for our
December fundraiser to get a Skype call
we are actually going to be contacting
you guys soon about setting that up
because we're just gonna have to get
everyone's information like bulk and you
guys I'm gonna have a service set up so
that you guys can actually select like a
date in time that works for you that way
we can kind of get everyone organized
especially for people who are in the UK
it's gonna be difficult to figure out
the times here and there and make sure
that we can Skype with you guys but we
are gonna figure it out so totally also
if you guys donate enough to get a shirt
I did mention to like put your shirt and
stuff in the comment of your donation
but I'm actually just going to contact
everyone in bulk there to get that -
today we want to do a couple of really
special shout outs for people who
donated a certain amount on our December
fundraiser if you haven't donated we're
still raising funds I think we're just
over 18,000 and our goal is twenty
thousand for the month of December got
some time but we got to do it you guys
got to hit that 20k first big thank you
goes to Ashley Wood and thank you to
Lynn
krotkiy dude Whiteside thank you so much
for your donation and on kogda long
Sarah kick ball Sarah Iqbal thank you
for your donation also thank you to
Ellen my my okay karma I have both
danced oh I can't move away he's licking
my face go Kylie go you just want to say
thank you thank you so much Christina
Smith for your donation and also Hannah
van
wesam Nancy Gardner thank you so much
and Donna qey esperance Spence bill
Theresa and Sophia Pompey Lee thank you
so much
and Jennifer Fischer Mike Fischer and
Liam thank you oh and baby on the way
oh and baby on the way Fischer thank you
baby on the way
yeah so if you guys have not donated yet
for our December fundraising campaign
please if you feel led to I just urge
you to donate water of life Asia really
just needs that these funds to help
these orphans help these kids get
educated take control of their lives and
we're doing a big thing in part by
helping them out so hope you guys can
join us please donate with the link
below in the description if you enjoyed
today's video give it a thumbs up and
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye and I
used a floatie for the water loading
this says kids make an ornament for our
tree so I guess they can go in there and
make little ornaments we got to make one
for Olli this shows off the
oh my goodness think this is someone's
dining yeah
