they're all a tries to throw it off
sometimes it's funny
luckily coda at the patients yeah coda
doesn't really care what my time is like
oh wait over here it's a huge walking
teddy bear is that funny or scary oh you
love him he's like you're too big he
swallowed Oh
the tiny bear fix you up I loves you say
good morning isn't going this guy hugs
all day mm-hmm
hi oh hi yes we see you we see you yet
yet you're here uh-huh
he loves I don't know yet what do you
want you're looking at something oh is
it cuz your bones up here here you're
not really into this bone huh for him
but he barely touched it Brian keeps
calling Carm I'm pretty sure he just
wants them to keep him with you just
call him to keep you warm oh yeah he's
really okay come on come up here you got
a city carefully early dog not well
toll-like night you know he kind of is
it's just when the cameras on it's all
he just wants it to be all about him huh
you're a camera hog do you work what do
you think so funny
Hey all right guys I am starting my
famous peanut butter balls today a
little bit late on the game excited to
do it this weekend hopefully I can get
them maybe for Christmas and hand them
out as little gifts but Brian balmy four
pounds of peanut butter so I now have to
measure out three pounds for that and
then keep on me three of the six pounds
of powdered sugar definitely never going
to use all that powdered sugar three
pounds of peanut butter people whoo
that's a lot of peanut butter you can't
even have peanut butter realize he's not
even gonna be able to eat any of these
what sucks what if ever
I'm sorry my love huh I'll find you a
cheat that you can okay yeah let's not
look at anymore I know how you get you
just can't even hey guys so I'm about to
go get my hair cut I need a haircut what
do you guys think look how long it is
you know what I haven't done in a while
YouTube magic that would probably help
this whole thing happen so much faster
am i right
let's see it's good it really really
really messed up how's that look you
guys ready woah woah check it out you
guys that actually worked I didn't know
I could use YouTube magic to make my
hair get all short how's it look what do
you guys think pretty good pretty good
let's go I have my peanut butter in here
it's chilling and I'm gonna roll
probably tonight I might even make the
whole family do a bit of rolling because
that's kind of a tradition to where we
all help roll peanut butter balls and
actually this was the easiest making of
the peanut butter I've ever had because
I had a KitchenAid I literally just put
my KitchenAid to work and it was just
like mixing and so my peanut butter is
super creamy super yummy and my arm does
not hurt so that's always a plus but
anyways yeah I'm just kind of cleaning
up another day to kind of chill and hang
out and hopefully we're gonna get these
doggies together so they can be best
friends and play well hopefully that's
how it goes look at all these Christmas
trees you guys they're never gonna be
able to fulfill their Christmas destiny
I always feel so sad when I Drive by
these Christmas tree places this one has
a lot of Christmas trees left and
there's like four days till Christmas
there ain't going nowhere
they're not going to fulfill their
Christmas destiny you guys I wish I
could just get all the trees and
decorate them all right I'm sure Missy
would be with me on that one poor
Christmas trees
monkeys away oh did you see good it does
tired eyes your dog is here to say hi
you judge hi yeah we go this is it it's
happening karma is in the back and we
are going to kind of a neutral area a
dog park for Koda and karma to meet and
hang out and play and then they're
probably going to go over to either my
house or my mom and dad's house that
they can play together in their
territory so first we're doing neutral
territory so hopefully it goes good I
think it'll go fine or me I hope you're
excited we're going to the park go to
the park
here's Koda he's hanging out at the dog
park with all kinds of dogs Holly let's
move away from the dog oh good try on
the head next year but a good type
Karma's over here obsessive ball I just
want someone to throw the ball he
doesn't really mind Koda they're not
really hanging out that much potes got
other plans he's not wanting to really
like play with the ball or anything just
hanging out here go to court I'd
karma-kanda do his own thing yeah we see
if we go further he doesn't really come
when you call him so we definitely have
to stay in like a gated area cuz he
doesn't come and when it's parently when
you got the dog park expect dogs to jump
on you there they are there they are hey
ollie hey where you going yeah oh he's
like uh I found cooler dogs uncle's got
him come I come
karma come come here and sit and meet
Kota woo are you flying Karma's just
obsessed have we made progress but we're
sharing the ball now
come with like we're sharing that was
very nice to you
they're always tries to throw it off
sometimes it's funny have it luckily
Kota at the patient yeah Kota doesn't
really care my Karma's like haha I throw
myself Wow all you're really taking your
time you sit in the dirt oh geez don't
even get any he didn't get to do that I
can't whistle
jeez aha Ollie come all I come there we
go there we go oh and we got another one
Wow oh my goodness so many different
doctors that's a pretty dog they're
actually doing great together
but he heard us go step talking about
going swimming so now they really wants
to come on Connor we're gonna see if
kotas a a water dog wait wait till I get
to the gate okay I'll run buddy there
you go karma show them how it's done
swim guys yeah we're fine now oh come on
Kota get in he's thinking about it okay
seeing them Jimmy
dogs know how to swim I know you'll
learn come with me Ollie I need you to
dry off
karma can you die off karma
you can't blow dry yourself you need to
get you all warm oh that's all good here
you want to do it no he always points it
on himself
alright your hair looks great
oli now can we work on Carla's hair got
us up waiting self we're trying to dry
off Parma look at that tiny little baby
he is sleeping away and it may be
40-something degrees out here but
apparently we are getting in the hot tub
this is you see the pools changing
colors now look at go from blue to pink
sometimes it gets stuck on like a random
color it's really weird oh my gosh it is
so cool babe I'm wearing a sweater right
now
I told it'd hurt for like a while cuz
they were so cold when I got in there
like warm water they know it's green
demon coming off of me look at now it's
blue
look what Missy just made us you guys
hot chocolate I'm ticket mines the one
with the candy cane yep cuz it's
peppermint hot chocolate but smells good
I tried his peppermint hot chocolate the
other day smells good does not taste
good oh he's look great babe even got
the mini marshmallows Missy gave me a
shopping list and I think I mistaked
some of the items on there for a
Christmas wish list and so I bought her
something and she actually just wanted
me to like buy it for and give it to her
but I thought it was a Christmas present
but now she needs it so like you're
opening a Christmas present don't say it
just open it and act surprised dang it
okay it's like Christmas morning what is
it what is it occupation test woo
why do you need opulent as Missy okay
not trying to have a kid right now the
reason I have
nation tests because I am basically
starting to track when I ovulate anyway
with that said I'm gonna dig into this
hot chocolate oh my gosh I've got
enjoyed today's video though if you did
give it a thumbs up and leave a friendly
happy comment below what do you want for
christmas tell us some comments we'll
see you guys tomorrow bye what's over
here
Olli come look at the boss get me out of
this box is this oh hey buddy
