member
I
good we're at always a final swim
practice
coming back until like early January
she's got about two to three weeks off
so this last one and hopefully it is
good
she says she he's really close to a
shark award which they say means he's
gonna pass like one of the levels of
until he's like safe that'd be cool if
you could do that today and try and do
that today I don't know if he'll do it
today but hopefully he actually does it
it doesn't cry because last full week
Spanish okay let's make it good so
hopefully we have another one of last
week's you've been doing this officially
almost a whole year a whole year
swimming meet good job Grampian be there
hi he's awesome in here
I gotta go Olli can you show us a smile
swim was kind of a disaster that was the
worst we've ever had he just kind of
cried the whole time I tried leaving and
seeing if maybe just me there was a
problem but he just was in the mood for
swimming and he wasn't like scared or do
you think it's more just like a I'm mad
I don't want to do this I'm mad I don't
do this I don't want to be with my mom
and I'm supposed to bring my swimsuit
and I totally forgot like Justin Casey
does this I can like my swimsuit on and
then just go in with him but I forgot so
although it was fine no this last one no
so we'll have to do some practice
swimming you know in the hot tub and
stuff since we had that option a lot of
people love me these comments of telling
me what I can get as like a little
temporary chest clip on his stroller to
help him stay in a little stinker bug so
I'm hoping Babies R Us has them if they
don't I'll have to order them online
hey guys yes it is day two of the
sweater so much comfort I'm actually in
my office right now which is a complete
mess cuz this is where we're putting all
Christmas presents on Shh you guys don't
know I actually took part in the reddit
gifts Secret Santa this year and I got
my Secret Santa present and they were
amazing and they did so good so it
inspired me I wanted to do really good
for my Secret Santa so I'm going to show
you what I got him okay he put on his
interest that he's a big gamer so he
plays a lot of games ps4 World of
Warcraft mostly PC games too so I
thought he'd love a steam card so this
is just a steam gift card he can
download cool games and stuff I also got
him some really cool Japan knickknacks
so this is a little geisha girl and it's
got a solar thing on there and she
dances in the sunlight which i think is
pretty cool and I also got him this
little weird Japanese toy it's like a
like a horseshoe game with rings I guess
you didn't like throw the rings and
stuff these are like cute little desk
things that I thought he'd like because
he put on his interest and he's always
wanted to travel to Japan and he had he
likes Japanese culture so I thought he'd
like these too and then I'm really
excited about these he put on his
interest that he liked Nintendo so I got
him some
this is one with Mario and it's like the
classic Mario with the hammer from
Donkey Kong which if you guys don't know
that's the very first game that Mario
ever appeared in so I thought it'd be
pretty cool it's like I missed your hand
huh my god I'm a kirby shirt Kirby's in
Tendo right herpes and all the Nintendo
games like Super Smash and Mario cotton
stuff so I got him a really cool kirby
shirt too so it's really cool pink and
he's thinking about a cheeseburger cuz I
mean who is it
yeah that's what I got for my Secret
Santa what do you guys think did I do a
good job I could not find the strap that
I was looking for at Babies R Us but I
did find this thing at Bed Bath & Beyond
and it's just like a Velcro by the way
it's many hours later hold this so I'll
just showing you what I ended up getting
so it's like this little velcro strap I
wanna see if it works
oh I'm gonna strap you in here this
looks like something for construction
babe I know he's happy he's like hey
would you do
pretty tough velcro's I don't think
he'll be able to undo it okay may have
solved the problem babe hey Missy um I
don't mean to alarm you but Rudolph is
standing right behind you there so dama
I think excuse me I'm the cars the
antlers in the nose I don't get it
that's one holiday thing I don't get
he's always like oh how regional I'm
like that's so cute one day we will have
heard of okay then who's who's steering
him yeah all kinds of shopping done
Brian Rio's really I've been craving
them okay we got all kinds of dinners
and we have like an empty bag in the
pantry and every time I catch I get
excited I'm like cool ranch chips and
then I open them and they're like just
crumbs and they're like all stale and
stuff and then I put them back you
should throw them away the whole house
like yes sir I was like why does he
throw them away why does he throw them
away as we got more Christmas stuff for
wrappings I use it all for a ball
stuff and guess what guys this thing was
a no-go guys little arms out of it got
his arms out so that doesn't work I'm
not to order the one online then it gets
this big bath beyond Oh
so bummer huh try but he hasn't stood up
he's been really good so far it might be
keeping him from being able to stand up
yeah baby but he can still maneuver as
an arms out so you're a stinker you're
Houdini that's what I call Brian there
Houdini straps oh really like Houdini
Stoppers or something like that yeah we
are putting away groceries from Target
and look what I got what I was there you
guys lazy
wavy dark chocolate covered potato chips
this is like a thing people actually
like cover potato chips in chocolate and
then eat it I don't know this is what
they look like they look very always
like I will eat one please let me try so
large chocolate no I don't get it
good it's like a really thick chip to
begin with and then covered in chocolate
Ollie do you guys see this you guys this
is how he gets
he can't even you can't even right now
can you you can't even look not again
give you this one once he gets his mind
on something he's like Deborah Devin
Devin Devin Devin Devin never that never
never never never never never never done
Dora Dora you can't even and he still
wants this one we are eatin dinner
Brian just cooked us up some steak and
green beans and mashed potatoes
the mashed potatoes were actually he
cheated
I don't normally cheat on our Studios I
like my recipe they taste just like how
I make them yeah the Hormel garlic
mashed potatoes
yeah oh so yeah we'll see how how we
like it and he's trying out some mashed
potatoes as well what do you think oh my
god uses the fork I kind of warm but
thank you like some that's like a second
bite so that was adorable you just used
a fork Doody fight yeah yes I do that
now so cool it's so cool seeing him
learn little things like that we do all
the time oh my gosh turn it into a
little boy you want to read a book okay
fuck yo married that's you good night
moon
come here okay and there was the little
bear oh the end hey read your own
bedtime story huh ollie
oh yeah there's a bunny rabbit
buddy rabbit sleeping in the house and
now it's a 99 bunny rabbits and kitties
he doesn't know when you're in the store
you see something he likes you yeah ha I
can't believe he's flipping through
pages right now I'm looking at them
that's amazing yeah it's a fire oh
there's the kitties there ya go
hi guys that's how you close your eyes
when you go Nene yeah all right let's
rock this he is getting some present
wrapping done you're being all fancy
babe you got like fancy labels and
you're even doing ribbon who does ribbon
you're making it difficult for them to
unwrap the present that's true I don't
really like
we usually do driven but I think it's
pretty today is a very exciting day
because we hit our goal of $20,000 for
the water of life fundraiser and we are
so ecstatic thank you thank you thank
you to everyone who donated we had no
idea we were going to hit $20,000 we set
our original goal for $5,000 and we hit
that within like two hours so we had no
idea that we would ever get to $20,000
that's amazing and it's going to be a
huge huge blessing to them so the
fundraiser is going to be running until
the end of the month so if you guys
still want to donate we can still donate
it doesn't have to be just $20,000 we
can get over that amount which is really
really exciting I did want to say a very
special shout out to Penelope Fisher
Emily Branham aimer al Juhani
Jessica would feel lazy Swan Andrea
paint Meghan's Idol KC searly Kyle
Bailey Haley gray Kelly Stephenson Katie
Colbert Kaitlyn King
Megan O'Donnell Nicole Baker Kristen
Robinson Shawn Ellen crank Jack Pamela
Norton and Shelby Sipsey thank you guys
so much
I'm also gonna have linked below in the
description a list of a ton of people
who helped us out who helped us get to
this $20,000 it's just shocking and the
amount of like things that are gonna
come out of this money I mean food is
going to be given to the kids who
sometimes they actually don't have food
for breakfast sometimes they're like we
have no breakfast and actually they told
us a story about how a guy with with
like a ton of eggs he like goes around
and serves eggs his bike like broke down
and so he just showed up one morning and
was able to give eggs to all the
children that morning and they had food
but that doesn't always happen sometimes
they actually have no food and yeah that
actually that morning they had nothing
to eat for breakfast yeah it was just
such a blessing at that moment but
sometimes they actually don't have food
and so with this amount of money like
they're gonna be able to feed the kids
they're going to be able to take care of
them clothe them put them through school
like it's just it's you can't even
imagine how much this money will do it
is it's a crazy amount of money and it's
really really exciting it's definitely
going to change their lives
and we have all of you guys who donated
to think thank you guys so much for
helping us do this
we are so excited I did want to say to
you before we end today's vlog that if
you have not seen our cool school
episode I'll have it linked below we
read twas the night before Christmas and
they did like a really funny animation
you guys have to see what they did to
the sugar plums you know how the sugar
plums danced in the kids heads you guys
have to see what they do in the video
it's so hilarious I'll have that link
below so go check that out and leave a
fun comment on that video if you guys
enjoyed this video click thumbs up and
leave a comment below and we'll see you
guys tomorrow hey god I need my wish
okay okay hang on let me think of it I
feel like it would you got your wish
yeah ready three two
Oh single tire and I win
II won cuz he got most of it I got the
the cartilage II thing on the yeah this
is kind of satanic my wish is gonna come
true now your wishes your
