hey guys welcome to the vlog before we
start we want to let you know that we
did he's like yeah we want to let you
guys know that we did a really cool
story circle episode on the cool school
Channel we'll have it linked below it's
a really fun Christmas special today
we're here on cool school for a very
special holiday episode of the story
circle and today we're reading one of my
all-time favorites the night before
Christmas and mamma in her kerchief and
I in my cap had just settled down for a
long winters nap when out on the lawn
there arose such a clatter I sprang from
the edge to see what was the matter away
to the window I flew like a flash tore
open the shutters and threw up the sash
when what to my wondering eyes should
appear but a miniature sleigh and eight
tiny reindeer it was really fun to film
and it's super special if you have kids
so definitely go check it out the link
will be down below now on the blog
but I say
oh ho ho good morning everybody
oh no no no don't drink me no good job
Ali good morning guys all he is eating
some breakfast
what are you in little mini pancakes and
I actually sprinkle just a teeny bit of
cinnamon sugar on them and he loves them
don't Jack and he's drinking out of
Santa Claus so Santa how do you feel
about that oh you know I guess it's okay
it is a cup it's made for drinking he's
like dude don't mess with me hey look at
you guys are matching good morning guys
I have been meaning to show you this
awesome little surprise that Brian got
me for so I have an early Christmas
present he went down to Ikea and he
wanted to get me like a little desk to
put over here kind of for filming and
stuff and he got me this adorable vanity
you see this so cute I've always wanted
a vanity especially something like this
it's just like super simple cute and
with this bill mirror it was really
really excited about it and he put it
all the other for me
hi Karma what do you think you're doing
see how you put this all together for me
and I love it so I've got like my little
perfume right there and in here can you
kick off please
and I got all like my makeup in here
it's kind of super unorganized at the
moment but I love this like um sort of
it's sort of like a papery the cool
little texture down here I just think
that's really neat
yeah it's got little drawers here and
yeah I love the lighting in here just
because there's so much natural lighting
all around that I feel like I can do my
makeup in here and so I really like that
and I liked I can get my makeup out of
my bathroom because to be honest my
bathroom isn't small anything but
there's not a lot of place to put my
makeup because it's just kind of just
kind of cluttered in there and so I've
been wanting to put them in here and put
this here as my chair and I really love
it I think it's really really cute
hey guys look who broke out the winter
sweaters
what what what it's cold babe no it is
lunchtime and I am starving guys and
look what I have here
blue brood so this is really really cool
and I'm really excited to see what's in
here it says enjoy if you guys don't
know what blue apron is it's like a it's
not like a subscription box it's
basically you can order meals in place
of like going out to eat or like
catering or something you can actually
get blue apron meals delivered and they
send like this big refrigerated box and
I have three recipes here I think I'm
gonna make this one it's no key and
sausage and saveloy cabbage we love no
key so that might be interesting they
send you all the fresh ingredients that
it takes to make these meals so like I
have on here sausage no key oh hey karma
are you gonna help me no you gotta get
off the counter boy go on they give me
all the fresh ingredients right here so
let me see what they got in this box for
this recipe this is kind of an
experiment so we'll see so this is my
recipe card it tells me all the
ingredients I need and everything I have
to do to make it and these are the
ingredients so we have potato nokey
which actually look really good they
look these look like creamy I'm not like
the kind you buy at the grocery store
but it says Santa Cruz and pasta factory
then we have tradesmen's a sweet Italian
sausage which I'm excited to cook
because I never really cooked sausage we
have one whole fresh thing of garlic one
whole fresh onion and like a quarter of
a cabbage this is all the cabbage we
need for this so basically everything is
all divvied out here this is exactly
what I'm going to use for this recipe so
I guess I'm not like wasting ingredients
if I were to like actually buy a whole
thing of cabbage well then they have the
no key knick knacks red pepper flakes
vinegar and Parmesan cheese this sounds
really good I think the picture looks
good so I hope I like it so let's start
cooking however you want some cabbage I
know you like lettuce do you like
cabbage he's like I'm gonna take my
greens and get out of here and now the
garlic I don't know much about garlic
but I think you're supposed to hit it
right oh hey that looks pretty good babe
all right you ready for some epic garlic
cutting I have no idea how to do this
that I've done I am cooking sausage and
did you see what I haven't do miss me
now I did take it out of its little
Casey's you like real sausage like yeah
but it let me cook that good yeah
and I actually what we're doing you guys
cuz Missy and I are pretty picky is we
omitted the onion because we don't
really like fresh on him like that but
we do like the onion flavor so I put a
lot of onion powder in here so can you
smell it miss yeah it smells good right
no very good yeah so you still sort of
get that onion flavor but now after this
is cooked up I'm gonna throw in some
other stuff smells good it smells
amazing in this kitchen right now you
guys water's boiling so now well yo Pete
give me a key key Nikki not cheap we
fought in yo key at the store before and
it was way different feel it it's like
light and fluffy
it's like it on me it feels like
homemade yeah sometimes apparently
number one I made homemade gnocchi yeah
that's what it looks like like flouring
okay we're gonna put that in there all
that takes us three minutes no matter
about now we are going to add our
cabbage we're gonna let that cook on top
of the sausage and then we got our
gnocchi this is so cool okay you guys
know how you always ask for cooking
videos you're kind of getting like a
cooking video right okay and this is
taken out that fresh no key it was
floating yeah that's good it does look
really good like nice and big - you know
and I did want to mention - blue apron
as hooked you guys up the first 100
people to click the link below in the
description will actually get two free
meals on their order so if you guys
wanted to go check out blue apron or
even give it a try then the link below
is in the description so check it out I
am gonna finish this up so far it smells
delicious
I'm a little bit wary of the cabbage
under there there's not a whole lot look
how much it will fit it does kind of
just add green and crispy it looks like
I can pick it out if I want to but the
sausage smells good and all the like
ingredients around this little good
production and I'm really excited about
this
we do stir the milk e'en all combined it
does look a little weird but look at it
look at that yeah we eat that and almost
all that cabbage like wilted away yeah
snuff you can hardly even see it this
was for two people and look I think it
was perfect dad it's hard to cook for
two people - yeah we got way to do that
like with fresh ingredients it's hard
obligatory macro shot of the yummy no
key sausage thing we just made that
didn't rhyme let's get some sausage and
some yoki and some cabbage oh my gosh
babe it has really good flavor but you
gotta try it now she's so picky you guys
mm-hmm no flavor you wanna honestly you
like it yeah it's not spicy it's not
spicy but it's like it's like a hearty
dish like with that gnocchi and the
sausage you know I like thank you yeah
that was a success I hope you guys
enjoyed a little cooking segment in the
middle of our vlog you guys wanted to
try out blue apron I'll have a link
below and like I said the first hundred
people get two free meals which is a
pretty good deal and look at Missy she's
eating it right now oh and look at
Carmen he's like can I please have
trouble you guys look what we got it's a
wish
oh this is from Thanksgiving when Brian
cooked us our turkey and then carved a
very first turkey that I cooked in carbs
we got a wishbone and now we're gonna
make a wish okay and no cheating I'm
using my left hand like every single
time I've done this at my grandma's I
never won this is a weird thing like
breaking apart animal bones and making
wishes it kind of seems a little witch
crafty okay wait hey God I need my wish
okay okay hang on let me think of it I
feel like we would you got your wish
yeah ready three two
Oh single tire and I win you won cuz he
got most of it I got the the cartilage
II thing on the yeah this is kind of
satanic my wish is gonna come true now
your wish is just a bunch of dirt Oh
what did you wish for
you can tell since you're not gonna get
it no
I'm not gonna tell you you can tell me
because you're not gonna get it still
apart don't say it what'd you get what'd
you wish for I wished that when we got
pregnant again that we wouldn't have any
miscarriages oh babe why'd you let me
win what the head no I wish for
something good it was kind of along
those lines that's good
I actually made an appointment today to
see a doctor because I just cannot kick
this cold I don't feel like I'm getting
worse but I don't feel like I'm not
better and I have this really bad cough
that I've been doing lately and so I
said I'm gonna go in and just get
checked out I just wanted to say I was
just looking at our GoFundMe account and
we are $500 as of right now away from
$20,000 that's our goal and it's just so
crazy I just want to say like thank you
to each and every one of you if it
wasn't for you guys we could not have
done this in the amount of like good
that's going to come out of it is really
really exciting for me to remind you
guys that actually for no matter how
much you donate whether it's just a
dollar or a couple dollars you will go
into a running to receive a Skype call
from us eat just as much of a Skype call
as if you were to donate $200 which is
that price we just want to give everyone
a chance yeah we want to give everyone a
chance so even if you donate $1 you will
still go into a running to receive a
Skype call as how exciting is that so
don't forget if you can donate if you
want to donate make sure you do the
better mama look what you did get out of
here all he just woke up right before we
had to leave the house and so he needed
lunch so I dropped Missy off and I
prepared for him a feast
he's got fruit cheese a little bit of
chicken anything basically I could find
at the grocery store so we could just
sit here and have a nice little lunch
for him so what do you think of a feast
I prepared for you Olli you like it
are you putting the things you don't
like in there
pick them up - I think oh there you go
Oh McCauley look at you can pick the
ninja up he's like trying to do it on
that one alright guys we are getting the
iPhone fixed at the Genius Bar we just
dropped off my phone at the Apple Store
and picked up Missy's new computer which
is my little computer they had to fix so
that's pretty cool
come on Holly we got a little bout an
hour until they're done they're gonna
fix the display and the button um and I
think it's all covered under warranty so
that's nice so now we're gonna do some
Christmas shopping you ready buddy look
at you upside down it's like you're
hanging off the earth Oh No
though we are trying to kill time while
we wait for Brian's phone to get done
and so we stopped at this cute little
bakery truly madly sweetly yeah yeah
cool
this is that way Tom so it's chocolate
with white buttercream yeah they're like
the best buttercream here good always
like our high flavor anti young guess I
would take more days after a very long
an exhausting day we are finally home
you guys he's like ha ha ha ha our day
was crazy wasn't it ok so the Apple
store actually had to do my phone twice
because I guess the first time they
fixed the screen something happened and
so they had to do it again so we had to
wait longer and then when they brought
the phone out they still didn't fix my
little switch here and I was like oh the
switch wasn't fix and they're like oh
where we supposed to do that and I guess
there was this huge miscommunication and
it turns out they were just gonna give
me a brand new phone after waiting two
and a half hours they were like oh we
should have just gave you a whole brand
new phone so they replaced the phone in
your alienum home that but anyway so
Missy went to the doctor's today look at
all these pills you have to take now I
am your like a druggie now this year I
know pretty much so decided that what I
have is a cold that settled into my
lungs and kind of turned into maybe an
infection I'm not sure so he prescribed
me all this stuff ok and inhaler
do you know how to get hurt I've no I
don't know and then a nasal spray
something to help with like something to
help with like the fluid in my ears and
stuff and then something to help with
liked inflammatory it's like a lot of
arguments take all right if all this
doesn't work then I'm supposed to take
and about it then they're like some
fancy root you can chew on something
mystic thing as you start my essential
oils or something I'm kind of bummed I'm
not a medicine person I don't like to
take medication like this what are you
doing oh come on in yay give Ollie
kisses give Ollie kisses okay kiss your
milk
he kissed your milk did it - oh are you
spinning around oh he's doing the cute
spin around thing hurry grab the camera
oh wait
Darren's like get me in there he's
spinning I know what that means I know
what that means oh my gosh anyway I'm
gonna go ahead and end today's vlog be
sure to check out that cool school
episode it's linked about in the
description it was really fun oh my gosh
thank you guys so much for watching if
you enjoyed this video give it a thumbs
up and we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
you never know when the typical attack
is gonna happen a little bit
because I can pick up at me
