guys I am seriously completely in a
panic I am really really upset on the
verge of tears
good morning guys
I've got a plugged up nun I got a cute
little face here's eating some bananas
and usually Sunday we do a one-take but
we were talking we're like we're doing a
lot of fun things today so we thought we
should bring you guys along and document
it because we're gonna do some really
cool things so first off the chalkboard
and we're not going to keep this or
anything but I thought I'd show it to
since it's here but I drew a little
fireplace I'm not very good at stuff
like this and I'm definitely not good at
drawing fire and you see this like um
brick how like some of them is like
dirty see that I'm pretty good get them
getting good at my art we're actually
going to do something really really cool
and I think we're gonna set the
time-lapse because you guys been begging
us to set up a time-lapse I'm watching
parts of the Caribbean you guys
I love these movies so much and I think
like especially around this time like
the holiday season is usually like when
they come out in theaters so it's really
fun just like putting them on and I'm
going to be honest I took an amazing nap
on this couch today I woke up really
early with all of her and like fed head
breakfast and stuff and then I laid
right here in this corner with this
pillow and this blanket which we got
from Target by the way we got we get
everything from Target um and I just
laid here and took the most amazing nap
these couches might even be just a tad
more comfortable than our bed and we
just got our bed it's like a nice
mattress well there's something about
just like being caught it up on the
couch watching a good movie on a Sunday
we got a fun little package I think I
know
yes Holly do you know what it is it's
like Christmas in December oh wait wait
it's our new shirt
oh I got 100
that's so good I got one for you my lady
yeah hey Carmen that's you mine oh I got
a v-neck it's so soft
whoo this is really nice look at that
that's so good look at this you get your
insomnia mama and Dada and karma so yeah
if you guys didn't see we actually just
did new designs in our shirt store hot
links below
but it says daily bumps life's up and
downs and it's got like all our cool
little cartoony characters if you donate
for our December fundraising campaign if
you donate $100 or more will actually
send you a free shirt as a thank you so
that's something we're doing for the
donation page too but these are always
for sale I love it do you love it yeah I
love the great - yeah you know that was
my idea is my idea to go gray I didn't
know what color village he always wants
to do like a fun color but you can get a
fun color but I think they look like I
would personally choose a more neutral
color than a brighter color to wear so
yeah but you can when you buy these -
yeah any color you can choose whatever
if you want to do pink or white as
yellow and Klingons red I love uh they
look so good do you think he'll fit in
this one yeah I mean in my day she had
baby it's in another - team it's a it's
pretty big but it might work all right
we got the DSLR all set up so that we
can do the time-lapse of the chalk board
hopefully you can see most of it I think
you can see a fairly good amount of the
chalkboard but Ali was even using chalk
yeah all you want to show him how you
can draw a chalkboard this little
Picasso go you like that color is art
and you can just deal with it alright
guys I got the DSLR set up and we're
gonna put the new design on the
chalkboard wall you guys ready let's go
Oh
ahem
you
and there you have it ladies and
gentlemen
a nice big ol chalkboard tree it's not
really what we were expecting but it's
kind of really hard to work with chalk
so I think we did an okay job just make
it look a little more festive we'd love
to do like lights around this chalkboard
you know it's officially Christmas time
at Mimi and Papa's Missy and Cassie just
put all the lights on the tree and it is
a fake tree
Missy what are your thoughts about this
I would never have stood for it when I
lived in this house I am actually okay
with it I feel like if I might do that
one year really no Missy's mom was like
it's a dream come true she finally gets
a fake tree because every time Missy
lived with her she's like no you're not
getting a fake tree you grew up with a
big tree then you're like I want our
fake tree yeah up getting you know Chris
trees from lots and driving around
trying to find the cheapest one that's
we use that's another tradition yeah
yeah you go to there to like the places
like you come I wish there was a place
we could do that that'd be so cool we
did that one your country was so ugly
that we're never doing that Molly what
are you doing
he's just macking on some milk walking
around rearranging furniture hi guys we
just got all the garland on which I
think it looks really pretty and look at
those like we did a good dog crafts we
did so now we're getting ready to start
with the ornaments there's even
ornaments in here that I made with my
grammar or like Jimmy made with my
grandma as well or our grandma whatever
so they're kind of special this one's my
mom and dad's mom would you like to
explain this one that GISA is like a
little egg well when we were in Idaho
Cassie brought home six geese a that had
been abandoned and we we incubated them
and then we raised them and then they
imprinted on us and so then we set them
free but then we can always call them to
us and they would fly Yeah right to our
feet and she would say come here baby
please come on babies and I'll send six
keys with Clyde by her feet and all of
ya then Missy and Brian got me an
ornament because um fish-and-game had to
really relocate them yeah baby looks
really cool like time it really hurt it
was really had a lake in our backyard or
so oh yeah always remember that time and
like we had a lake in our backyard today
like we would like swim with them and
but yeah at one point they just finally
had to like go and relocate them because
there was a lot of people and they
started getting like they turned into a
little brat yeah and dad this one's
yours this one is so ugly but it has to
be on our tree because one time was
broke
dad you remember when you got it I
remember when you picked out huh I have
to have this and I was like and I was
like really little when he did it and he
walked out he's like holding his big old
bulb like I got it and he said it right
there my mom was like oh so ugly but now
I have now it has to be on our tree so
the big old bulb and the most like I've
noxious spot too fast you got it put in
the biggest one do you think what do you
think it yeah there you are thank you
I'd only girl others we do ruff-ruff
above all Hey look what I found this is
a little fox and on the back it says to
ollie love Mimi and Papa what does the
Fox say 2013 you got to put this one on
the tree like mine put it on the tree
there you go Oh put right here I'll put
it right here for you not cool look what
Mimi made you guys fried apples
basically the inside of an apple pie
right yeah pretty much just brown sugar
bottom are they look good cinnamon can't
forget the ice cream oh yeah we got some
vanilla band a scream good stuff you
guys I am seriously completely in a
panic I am really really upset on the
verge of tears we have this beautiful
Christmas tree here and if you guys
don't know every year
me my family gather around we decorate
the tree and before we put the star on
the tree we read a letter and it's a
Christmas letter from me to the family
and I do it every year it became a
tradition because I would want to write
a letter to like all my family and be
like I hope you had a great year and I'd
like you know make predictions I don't
know it just became like a really fun
tradition here's my box
it's not in there me and my sister went
back to my house we dug through our huge
trash cans and all our trash it's
nowhere we're all like really really
really upset we're gonna do some shout
outs for all the people who donated the
certain amount if you guys have not
donated to our December campaign please
check it out I'll have a link below in
the description check out the reward
levels because you get something cool
for every certain amount that you donate
and this is one of them everyone's gonna
help out so we'll start with Mimi we
want to say thank you to Maura Callahan
Monika Isaac and Stephanie McGillis I
want to say thank you to Amy Richards
hey guys
special thank you to Mel and Jordan
Turner and Rebecca Mettler big thank you
to Harley folk come full full gum that's
a tough one and Claudia Jensen you guys
Rock thank you hey aunt Eastern thank
you to lea Utz and Aaron Cook and a
special thank you to Fino sha that may
have been wrong I'm sorry alright next
is Brittany Henry and Natasha Stone rook
everyone thank you guys so much for all
your awesome donations I think we're
like really close to over 16,000 so
please try and get us there Argos 20,000
for the month of December you guys
thanks below in the description please
give if you want to all right Ali slip
it right on that Papa's gonna help you
yeah oh my gosh Tom really was doing it
hey oh my gosh it's like a Christmas
miracle oh my god that was crazy that
was seriously like a Christmas miracle
you guys okay ready like a little angel
I guess we're headed home we had such a
fun day and a really fun night I'm still
looking for that letter though so I
better find it before Christmas I hope
you guys enjoyed the ball give a thumbs
up if you did and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
spoon well attempting to he's doing
pretty good though
that's fantastic Ollie you're triking
that's fun to do with the spoon also
isn't it
yeah here try it in there
he's so excited now hold it put it on
the spoon
