cutters cutters cutters cheaters you cut
it they caught it
good morning guys check out where we are
at Disneyland
hey hey hey can I just say something
crazy you guys look like look who we're
hanging out with you guys you guys
having these are the the good-looking
good-looking parents of YouTube I don't
know what category that puts us in kind
of an unfair advantage looking we're
doing your parents of YouTube in Texas
there you go there you go
but we're hanging out with Sam Ania and
we got Symphony and Abram what up guys
she's so transfixed by everything here
look at this tree though you guys we're
just basically hanging out with them for
a Disney day and we're really excited
this is Olaf's frozen ice rink so when
we're in Downtown Disney right now they
have this all set up oh it feels good -
and there's Olaf looking at the tree
what do you think golly look at that
he's like I won't want to go so what's
really cool about having annual passes
to Disneyland we get to go all the time
but we also get to see Disneyland
through the seasons so you guys saw we
were here for Halloween and it was like
pumpkins and like fall and festive and
stuff and now they are all set up for
Christmas so it's all frozen see all the
little bit no it's cool stuff meaning as
we do oh yeah about vlogging actually if
I start vlogging I've claimed that spot
and you are breaking the rules by
bargain or am i bringing I'm just
kidding yeah see look it's all decorated
for Christmas
is look at all that poinsettias are
everywhere all of the buildings are
decorated and then look right over here
you guys look at this tree it's masa
don't you just want to live here you
guys that'd be awesome yeah right above
the fire engine yeah I'm not even
kidding you guys it smells amazing like
it's beautiful like this right up to the
castle
guys see this only loves this thing now
it grabs on and we strap them in right
on a go now it is yet next to it but
companies out there this is our first
time and if you know this is all there
is your first time yet the little
excited I guess all hop in this one
here we go ollie ready all right so
we're blocking with a different camera
will show you guys but I'm gonna try it
and see what it looks like on this ride
so you guys actually let me know like
this I got lovers up there too
this right always to eat
I can read you're riding on a horse
right now
I used to hate this right now
oh look at that hug yeah you guys are
best buddies huh it's so cool cuz their
little boy Abram is like around the same
age as Olli so they get along really
well and they're both doing the same
things and stuff
oh that's called cutting oli wait in
line for Dumbo
it feels so good up here doesn't it it's
actually a nice day but just the wind
yeah and I'm using the other camera now
on this ride we're gonna test it out if
you can how good it is oh my gosh are
you doing look at all the people are you
dizzy buddy Oh looks like he's about the
and so cool they have a little like
holiday parade going on this is the
amount of people right now in front of
it's a small world we're trying to get
in but it's crazy because of the parade
but go Disneyland right awesome it lines
everywhere will they let us in the
parade you put around the festive enough
you need to festive yourself up you're
like the good-looking pair I know you
guys should get up there and start
singing frozen right cutters cutters
cutters cheaters you cut it they caught
it if Missy is a pro hey you cut it too
now look at this cutting an action I'm
getting this on film we're headed into
it's a small world it's the holiday
version not the Christmas version the
holiday version so it's going to respect
all different cultures for the holidays
see they're singing jingle bells
instead of it's a small world I might
actually be able to put up with this
this is cool
look it's a naughty and nice list and
I'm on it where am i right there it's
spelled wrong though Jen if you guys see
your name on there look at all that good
stuff all right come here let's go
it is a few today we're having a lot of
fun hanging out in June town with Mia
and the kids Oh should we didn't see
Minnie we may see her somewhere else
always about to go in the watermelons
crawling on the ground he's super into
the tunnels right now it's so cute hey
we're right now hanging out at Goofy's
house now and it's funny hello just a
couple months has changed and he's like
now into everything he loves all the
stuff he loves to hang out in all the
little houses
who's in there he's done all right you
guys Sam and I went on Indiana Jones
well we were in line for Annie Annie
Jones front line it was a really fun
line and then it closed down so they
give us fast passes so I think we're
gonna try and hit up a couple of the
rights while all the kids are toontown
but look what we got choo choo practical
games it's a very dull it is a very
delicious gingerbread cookies that's all
okay bye each time a hilarious season
award
Oh fantasy
can we
we got a really good solid
great holiday parade whoa
was that a picture from you
no excited I love taking over rules
you've never been excited Jesus in
heaven for - slum she's me all presented
look what we just did you guys we
destroyed this food we originally went
to Downtown Disney to check out the
Mexican restaurant but it was like a
two-hour way so we went to this really
nice place actually in Disney and they
had amazing burritos as you can tell
because both of our plates are empty
oh yeah you were not that hungry dude I
guess so so hey you guys I know we've
been hanging out with Sam and me all day
but if you guys don't know who they are
they have a really awesome daily vlog
channel I'll have it linked below so go
into the description and click it and
subscribe to them because they are just
so awesome you didn't know - they are
you know that thing the frozen song in
the heart come on but there's so much
more than that now thank you so much
welcome thank you he's like I'm so sick
of that song the one like yes they're
the good-looking parents singing frozen
right this guy right now you can see the
faces like
yeah it's the coolest thing ever
honestly but there are really great
people I was just saying how like fast
you can bond with someone when you're
hanging out at Disney especially on a
Friday yeah cuz it's packed we're having
so much fun but also at the same time
it's like okay here it Disney on a
Friday but you know what the kids are
doing great they're getting along really
awesome it's been really cool to see
Abram and Ollie like ollie we'll just
like over and like touch his hand and
like play and huge fell on his last like
straw yeah good but anyway hey I'm gonna
go ahead and end today's vlog I hope you
guys enjoyed it please go check out Sam
and Nia I'll have all their links down
below in the description if you enjoyed
this video give it a thumbs up and we'll
see you guys tomorrow bye
Wow so we caught all these cute little
ornaments that we've got like throughout
over the years and um here's always hand
print from last year he was like five
months old and we also have Karma's foot
print it's kind of messed up but he was
being very disobedient that day we got
to use the ladder back so that we can
get
