tonight karma wants to dance
ah
good morning guys me and Ollie are right
now admiring our Christmas tree and I'm
actually also finishing it up I know it
sounds silly but I never finished it I
just would have been looking for that
like white garland that I wanted to put
around the tree and I just never found
it so I decided I'm giving up on the
white garland the tree looks very pretty
going to put up all our little ornaments
to kind of make it a little bit more
personal so we've got all these cute
little ornaments that we've got like
throughout over the years and um here's
always hand-cranked from last year he
was like 5 months old and we also have
Karma's footprint it's kind of messed up
but he was being very disobedient that
day we gotta use the ladder back so that
we can get that that up there we gotta
get that star up there Brian know some
beautiful music it's beautiful thank you
jack about what I think the trash comes
out alright and it was pouring my
soaking wet crazy I don't think I should
wear that diapers go diapers cook time
for school yeah all he's heading this
one school looking guys he's wearing a
cape the other night took it off
oh he's not wearing a cape but he is
wearing a Superman shirt and that is
because he is like a superhero when he's
in the water you ready buddy he's in
such a good mood too it's very bright
I'm sorry that my face looks like this
oh that's better
always not having a very good morning
it's just fun Holly it's okay buddy oh
oh he's having an off day huh yeah
you are getting so stubborn just like
your Madre aren't you ollie he was not
happy babe it's getting more willful so
she does something that he doesn't like
that he's like done yeah now he's all
pensive and calm because that water is
warm and it is warm inside there Missy
wore a sweater cuz she's cray-cray all
right kiddo
you can be happy arrested a visit check
it out guys we finally got our other
vlogging camera remember when we changed
cameras a couple weeks ago we had to get
another one so I got one in white and I
love it I think I'm going through like a
white phase right now with my technology
I got the white iPhone I got the white
camera what are you doing here babe I'm
decorating our second Christmas tree we
were looking for a real one but I went
ahead and just broke out our fake one
that we bought years ago like yeah and I
love it
like I did we think I would love it as
much as I love it I love it we got
really good babe we put all these lights
on it and I'm so happy like it this
makes me feel like this is something
that grandma would have decorated oh
that's cute so yeah now we have a like
smaller Christmas tree in our living
room and then we have our big Christmas
tree over there I'm going to not put any
like low things that he can grab oh yeah
so we have to be careful I might have to
put it away if I just can't handle it
handle is babe is it 22 days till
Christmas or 21 21 days no Christmas I
love changing this thing it's so fun oh
my gosh there's only 21 days till
Christmas Missy so we got major ugly
ornaments happening right now you guys
that was a theme we did one here I'm
sorry but that that's just that that's
ugly babe look at this bird and tell me
that's not ugly you guys are so pretty
this is a really pretty camera that I'm
looking at now it just makes me happy
bringing up some folded laundry and
Ollie just woke up oops
just dropped all my folding laundry
look Gary his did you have a good nap
yeah so good and you sound fun yet
you're awake
it's not a very pretty camera white huh
yeah alright let's go check out the tree
okay all right we're gonna go check out
the tree Polly there's a little surprise
down here and I want you to love it but
I also want you to touch it I know it's
very confusing
look look a lot decorated and what do
you think you want to put the star on
the top of the tree see if you can hold
it okay so what you do okay okay ready
start up yeah he kind of reached a
little bit good three two oh hey that is
cool huh hey okay
oh you got the bolt yep guess what all
the bulbs on here are not breakable so
that's good
what do you think of your tree nope nope
hey Cara watch the dad Holly thing is so
funny
get back over there
all right we've got Olly here because we
are going to make a little ornament
today using this cool little recipe so
it's like a homemade ornament that I use
like baking soda and stuff do you guys
want to know how I make it I think I am
going to make a video about it so be on
the lookout for that next week and let
me know if you want to see that we're
gonna do a little handprint aren't we
yes so we got to get the wax paper out
and get him all right look he's already
trying look at that
thumb right we'll just frame that and
put it up okay you like it all right we
got our ball okay you hit this with this
one day I think I'm gonna need a bigger
one hang on oh hey boy careful okay ah
don't eat it okay you'll close it hit it
can you put it
all right we've got our little ornament
and it's nice and round now we got pet
press his hand in here and if it doesn't
work then we'll have to redo it
hey ready with the press it in press it
in okay gonna look your worth in karma
Karma's give you the same way okay you
want to try this hand let's try this one
ready aunt ha ha just press in that's
good buddy that's pretty good you did
great
there they are actually even carved in
his little says oli one year and it's so
cute hopefully that little class isn't
come on problem well guys this is what's
happening my macbook pro completely died
while editing it will not stay on for
more than like a minute or two so I'm
actually walking to a Apple Store it's
super late they're about to close and
I'm hoping they can do something for me
because we haven't missed a day in like
600 days and I'm not starting today
Brian is dealing with some major
technical difficulties right now but his
computer just totally pooped out on him
and it just really sucks today it was
funny his all day I was like today's
such a nice day it's so relaxing we have
like this free time we like three hours
of free time so I like decorating the
tree and stuff and all that but then
things just went like crazy my cousin
came over and we had dinner and she was
having she's working on like what do you
were hearing a video project oh yeah
she's like editing stuff so Brian had to
help her I'm actually sitting here
talking with my cousin Tara Lynn and
this is cool because her brother
actually is the one that live
in Cambodia with his wife so that's
really really cool but the cool thing is
that Cambodia to her is very very it's
very close to her heart because she's
been there many times she loves going
there she's planning on visiting
actually next year in the summer the
whole organization that we are talking
about she has dealt very closely with
she's really excited about everything
that we're doing and so I thought you
guys might want to hear a little bit
about Cambodia from her perspective I've
been to literally like a dump where
people like the trash cans put all the
trash they don't separate their medical
waste so there's like needles and stuff
and people literally live on that done
like on the trash and it's the most
horrific smell and there's kids running
around barefoot they're like and they
just live there but there I mean it's
nowhere near like anywhere I've ever
seen in my life at least you probably
really can't understand how how hard it
is until you're actually there seeing it
they basically can't afford shoes what
you're saying right now most people
definitely not when you're talking about
like poverty in Cambodia it's it's yeah
unbelievable we're there to help the
children of Cambodia we want to help the
boys homes and the orphanages and you
know just give them money to feed them
feed the kids and take care of them put
clothes on them and all of that so this
was cool because she's definitely it
she's very close to Cambodia she feels
she has a lot of heart for it but we'll
definitely even talking to be talking to
more people who actually live there so
that should be really interesting too
well it's very late at night they had no
one to really help me so I had to end up
getting a new machine and I'm just gonna
have to transfer what I need to the new
one edit on that and then they're gonna
actually have to take my old one for
like a couple days I basically have a
very long night ahead of me now so we're
gonna go ahead and wrap up today's vlog
karma basically is playing with this
rubber ducky over and over again
hey this rubber duckies in our intro
Missy did you know that
yes he's oh no no do you guys know where
he is let me know in the comments if he
did
we got laundry going I'm about to turn
on Peter Pan live which I'm really
stoked to watch that he's going to put
off all of his acts I told you have to
do yeah I told me it seems like we are
watching Peter Pan live and then after
that basically maybe up all night
because I have a bunch of just computer
crap to deal with oh and also choose
good birds we're gonna eat these
cheesecake bites cuz I have been craving
those before we and today's vlog we're
gonna get some special shoutouts to
people who have donated on our water of
life campaign page like we said we were
talking with tara lynn she's very very
close to it and it's definitely
definitely something that needs to be
dealt with and they need they need our
help and such a small amount of money
can help them so much yeah but we
haven't just raised a small amount of
money you guys know totally collectively
it's like over fourteen thousand dollars
so far
our goal is twenty thousand for the
month and I know we're gonna hit it if
you want to donate please check out the
campaign page and check out the rewards
because we're doing some fun stuff also
we're gonna do something really special
if anyone would like to donate when you
donate leave us a dare and we're gonna
choose one of those dares to do so make
sure when you donate you guys that you
put in your comment that's attached to
your donation amount a fun dare that you
think that we should do and basically I
guess we're starting December we might
do like we probably did every once in a
while but we'll pick one from the people
who are donating so that's something fun
you want to see check it out but now
we're gonna do some shoutouts special
thank you to Erica Cote Kooten Falcon
Kootenai Thank You Erica and marilyn
rays thank you so much Virginia Morris
you are awesome thank you for donating
Oxana pass I'm gonna say okay Santa pass
us thank you
your name is very unique Kiera Porteous
porches Kyra porches thank you so much
why don't get outta Hartman Linea
schooled Hector thank you thank you so
much a Helena Graham soup the best you
do you the best you do you the best
me me me me but not Miami not our me me
another me me thank you me me Me's our
special Kylee Sabo thank you very much
Denisha Hal McGinnis you are getting all
night one thing yeah thank you though
seriously
Ashley chambers thank you we've met you
a couple times huh what's up and Jessica
Brad knee thank you so much to all of
everyone who is donated even if you
weren't in this amount it's no matter
what you've given it's amazing and it is
going somewhere all right guys we're
gonna end the vlog hope you guys enjoyed
it give it a thumbs up and we'll see you
guys tomorrow we're gonna have a really
fun day tomorrow check us out bye bye I
thought I would show to you because it
looks like a chair but it's using a
beanbag that's more comfortable yeah
it's light so you can move it like I
want to sit over here
