okay get up with it let mama hold it he
loves that thing you guys he climbs up
on the couch and like tries to get down
because we wants us to play it for him
and shake it for him power outages am i
right
it is not 5:16 you guys yesterday the
power went out and all of our digital
clocks got messed up and I'm not even
really sure how to change them showed
issues a fun adventure I get to have
today Missy is off to run some errands
with her Madre Holly and I are watching
some wreck-it Ralph he's obsessed with
this look at he's like give it back to
me
I want to hold it luckily it is heavy so
I don't think if you like I don't think
you can really throw it because it can't
really go that far be out today we got a
bunch of stuff to do I got to sit down
and pay some bills and then we've just
got a package from blue apron we've
never tried blue apron but some of you
guys actually told us in the comments
that we should check it out I think I
got three meals here and we thought we'd
just throw some together and try it out
and this is how it comes in like this
big bag and basically they send you all
fresh ingredients so we got mustard
greens cilantro bread coconut milk
there's all vegetables and then like
meats and shrit I think we got like
shrimp and chicken and stuff in there so
I don't know if we're gonna make these
right away but I'm excited to try it out
good morning guys I am
actually already out I'm actually
already out and they raided stuff I'm
actually telling a bunch of things to
Ellie and Jared because they left a ton
of things at our house when they stay
with us and I might be mailing them a
little prison as well I'm actually here
with my mom we decided that we're going
to run some errands together so that's
what we're doing
whenever like an iPhone ring goes on
everyone lives at their phone the seamen
there we are going to get the mail
aren't we all e this is how we go and
get the mail I'd put him in his little
car and we drive down to the mailbox he
insisted on bringing Superman so that
was pretty much like the cutest thing
ever
well Ollie it's mostly junk mail will
you hold it for me look at Victoria's
Secret
huh I'll just set those right there you
hold on from Honda hold on to him for me
okay
grilled cheese time Holly that's not
where your milk he's drinking some milk
and I made him a grilled cheese and he
loves it right we actually didn't really
have any cheese but I found the Hickory
Farms farmhouse cheddar cheese and I was
like okay that'll work what's your yeah
I got it at Walmart and I didn't think
you and just like sitting there just
like raining up sat in in like this my
chair
is that your chair buddy do you like it
Missy he just like walked right up to it
like just no I didn't know I thought it
was so cute because it looks like a
chair but it feels like a beanbag so
it's more comfortable yeah what do you
do and like do we can move it
see like I want to sit over here
my god what the hi yeah but it's great
good job buddy
look at that he's like yeah I'm chill
that's awesome
my family is back together honk karma hi
karma what happened well he's like I'm
supposed to be up there right now
karma relax couch even though he's not
really all you like your little chair I
think yeah yeah I think so so Missy was
telling me something pretty interesting
of this morning do you want to tell them
yes I had a dream last night that I
found out that I was pregnant and I was
shocked and surprised it only been three
weeks after I had my surgery which is
three weeks
oh oh oh sorry baby it's okay um and
they're like and also it's a girl and I
remember like me like finding it like I
found out it was a girl and like I just
started crying
I'm so happy didn't really do that but I
was just like oh I was just so confused
how I found out I was pregnant and then
I was having a girl all after three
weeks of having my surgery so it was
very confusing but you see what your dog
is doing oh my god I get up but you know
it kind of started my baby fever like an
hour look really wants out like I
remember that feeling like being so
excited so now like really want have
enough you're having pregnancy dreams
yeah yeah karma come on
it is still raining today oh why why
it's tiny
cuz California needs rain I guess Hey
yeah it's actually been nice but I still
have been able to get my other couches
over to my mom's because it's so rainy
that we don't want them to get ruined on
the drive over so kind of been a bummer
but um right now we just actually ran to
the store and grabbed a bunch of yeah
there's a small grocery shopping but
enough that we'll be able to have a
couple dinners for the next like three
or four days so that's nice we also
finally got karma great so I'm excited
about that
good one I know it's like he likes it I
know I just hope you like likes it wants
to sit in it you know it's gonna like it
oh they're gonna be in that thing I know
we're gonna to teach him he can't go in
there
yeah that has to be karma Smith it has
to be Karma's the Karma just really
needs a place where he can get away from
a kid that just wants to like cuddle
with him all day long
ah stay there pause don't get out yet he
is so happy so this is the crate we
ended up getting like a little thing to
go over it so it kind of just looks
nicer and it helps him be like feel like
a little bit more cozier inside Oliver
is not supposed to be in there but I
will deal with that in a second but yeah
we got it home and he literally like
crimes like put you together and you
could tell he knew what it was and he
was like really excited and they just
like crawled right in there we got him a
comfy little bed so you don't go
apparently all I think this is bed
is this your new bedroom we'll just give
karma your bedroom you can have this one
kay you're so cute but you're not
supposed to be a no this is Karma's room
this Karma space come on come on come
out careful careful
covers like okay thank you for getting
out alright karma go in there show them
how you like it go in go in good jobs
yeah it's a really good size for him to
be able to go in yeah and like turn
around - yeah see I think it's a perfect
size I don't know I just feel like this
is a good size for him you like it huh
Ollie likes it yeah doggie okay we're
just gonna let him be for a little bit
he really needs a break from Ollie Ollie
is just
at the age right now where he is just in
Carmen's face all the time and just
wants to play with Parma all the time
huh oh it's not delivery its DiGiorno no
they did not pay me to say that we did
something quick and easy tonight by
getting pizza as well as some boneless
chicken wings which were quite delicious
if I do say so myself
also I don't know if this is a new thing
but I bought Pepsi tonight with real
sugar not fake sugar real sugar I don't
know that if that's a normal thing but
it's seriously so good I don't drink a
whole lot of soda anymore but this is my
third woman to me I really need to stop
but it's just so good I don't know
does it taste different am I being is it
like subconscious I don't know but it
tastes good you know what I miss
Pepsi spice do you guys remember that it
was a couple years ago around the
holiday season they sold Pepsi spice and
it was kind of like Pepsi with like
nutmeg and cinnamon and like just like
stuff like that
it was so good they stopped making it it
is coming down tonight karma yeah go
potty come on come on go potty go potty
he's like he's like no thank you
him back up he does not refuse to go
outside ever he loves the outside and
his eyes like I ain't going out there
all right you guys the day what he do
the day is ending on another daily bumps
vlog which means another day is ending
on the charity as of filming this we
have raised thirteen thousand four
hundred and eighty two dollars for water
of life in Cambodia thank you guys so
much to everyone who donated if you have
not donated yet and you want to please
check out the link below in the
description and check it out and give if
you want to give we did raise our goal
to $20,000 for the month of December
which we never would have imagined but
it's come to this well I really really
really do yeah and everyone that is
involved with water of life are just
speechless floor they cannot believe in
less than like two days that much we've
raised and it's just it's crazy yeah
it's really really cool you guys are
just so generous and we're just blessing
these people beyond belief and I'm just
so thankful that you guys let us be a
part of that so today we're actually
going to do some verbal shout outs y'all
ready for this
if you give a certain amount on the on
the charity page there's certain rewards
that you get and so these people are
going to get a verbal shout out right
now you guys ready for this there's a
lot of other rewards so make sure when
you're on the donation page to check
that out so you can see what you can get
by giving it's like it's like Christmas
you guys it's like a Christmas super big
thank you to Jacqueline Taylor and thank
you too Katie de Silva Amy hurt sin'
what's up thank you and Casey Robertson
thank you so much Rebecca Chester you
know YouTube s right and then Rachel
Sawatzky SWAT SWAT ski Julie Rob thank
you so much for your donation please
don't rob me oh thank you - Nicole
Jalbert Joubert Joubert you better job
on Tibet Kelly here oh thank you
I think that's how's her Oaks rah I can
be a hero baby big thank you to Amy
waters thank you for having an easy name
OOP Thank You Stephanie Walsh and Torah
troupe you're such a trooper Torah
you know you is anyway hey thank you
guys so much for watching today's vlog
go check out the donation page if you
have not seen it yet Missy also put up a
new video go check that out I'll have a
link below give this video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
