get up
so how about that you guys was that
funny or what would you think Missy
Ricci hilarious it was so funny all his
little face he laughed it was crazy so
if you guys don't know we actually used
JibJab comm made a fun little intro out
of the e cards they do that are so easy
to do basically all you do is you pick
which card you want put your photos in
and it does it all for you it's so easy
it's so much fun you guys won't watch it
again click the link in description is
quite hilarious if you ask me you're not
really into writing cards out and
sending them out for the holidays you
can just send out like a fun little you
know holiday card with your little
holiday tip job of you guys twerking so
I hope you guys enjoyed that you guys
want to get a little discount you can
put in daily bumps as the promo code
when you check out with your dev also so
go check it out go make your own I want
to see them tweet up to me now on with
the blog
good morning you guys this morning has
been a ton of excitement
we're like bewildered honestly and it's
amazing and it's all because of you guys
oli what are you doing you really want
some pineapple huh he's been macking on
this pineapple all morning so this
morning our video went live about our
December fundraising campaign and I
gotta say we were really nervous and we
didn't really know if anyone was gonna
jump on board and it's just been
incredible you guys we are at an hour
and 30 minutes but since it's been up
and this is how much has been raised
2,000 $43 of 5,000 almost half of our
goal
it's an incredible babe no idea I really
I know what this is a mate this is
really amazing and just scrolling
through some of the comments is insane
like god bless the little children thank
you very much for organizing this I'm
happy to donate and show so support I'm
really impressed that you chose to use
your platform for good this December
love you guys always glad to help
ally what are you doing oh my gosh you
guys someone gave almost $400 that is
insane you have no idea how much this
money is going to help these people
pretty crazy
morning you guys I am just so filled
with like the Christmas spirit aren't
you filled with the Christmas spirit
ollie
okay he's like I know I'm filled with
pineapple good morning look at my
Christmas tree so Katy
Hyde karma the morning we've had a
awesome awesome morning I actually just
got done filming my video so that's good
I did like a Christmassy ask Missy so
that should be up on my channel right
now and it really put me in the
Christmas mirac so I got talked all
about all the fun things I usually do
for Christmas
also we get to change this from 24 days
to 23 days till Christmas man what are
you doing over here you're just watching
TV
ha what are you watching um you guys
notice anything different here too much
- no not not very much we finally got a
new captain Hey they finally came like a
month ago you guys yeah and we've been
waiting so patiently so patiently he's
like every day we're like where your
coach is gonna club yeah it was kind of
time for us upgrade we did just buy
those other ones like he was like eight
months ago
yeah human they were like the cheapest
ones on the floor and it's like we
didn't really have a lot of room where
we were yeah we were still in that room
at your parents house mm-hmm
and probably we when we bought those
ones we needed like small things
something small that would fit into our
room but now we actually do a lot of
like entertaining over here especially
with my family and other people and so
we've really needed more seating kind of
work out perfectly yeah we got more
seating but we're separately because my
parents just moved and they need smaller
couches so they're actually taking our
couches which is nice we gotta help them
out look at all the seating than you
guys yeah it like fills up the entire I
am in love with this couch like I
seriously is like a dream couch okay and
yo all of you moms are thinking Missy
why would you buy white couches what is
don't we same struggle in the store
forever we're like are we really gonna
buy white couches we have a one-year-old
okay first of all they're not that white
they're like a creek there's white this
is the color of the couch I really
wanted like colored couches I didn't
want dark so no matter what kind of
color unless you get black or brown
anything that's on your couch you're
gonna see it anyways so I was like I'm
just gonna get the color I want which is
a light and brighter color in my living
room and I'm gonna get the protection
warranty so that if anything happens to
this couch it doesn't matter whether
it's blood or poop or pee or crumbs they
will replace like that cushion or
whatever and they'll fix it I'm really
really happy about that warranty Karma's
gonna be lying on the couches probably
not right now cuz they're too new and
it's just so pretty I just need to get
him a kennel yeah we already given him
to escape ollie cuz all he runs around
in like plays them and yeah like really
just wants to sit down yeah so I think
we're gonna put a kennel at the end cuz
he loves kennels he tries to climb into
leo is that little school yeah yeah he
is he's the kind of dog that likes to be
in small spaces and feel like protected
you know so we have a little spot over
here that will I'm chewing on his bottle
go I was trying to protect you did you
just get up from your nap I hope you
woke up in a much better mood than you
were when I put you down he was so
grouchy this morning I don't know what's
going on if he actually doesn't feel
good I haven't quite figured it out or
maybe he was just really really tired
but he went down cuz he was just just so
grouchy I had to put him in timeout
actually look how adorable he is though
he's got this cute little sweater on
again from Old Navy and some jeans he
looks adorable and he's getting ready to
go see Mimi you guys there is this
really weird stuff falling out of the
sky you don't be like that and there's
no sunny Southern California right now
it is raining here it says on my phone
100% chance of rain like all day long
I'm so excited that it's raining it
actually starting to feel like winter
even though it's really not like what's
the temperature 59 degrees good Friday
I'm wearing a sweater
I'm so proud of California right now
it's really trying you guys it's really
dry yeah and look at all this you guys
we were packing up Mimi's house with all
kinds of baby stuff and including a baby
packing you up and he's got all kinds of
toys um so he can completely leave those
over at her house yeah totally we're
just gonna this is our extra one that
we're gonna leave over there so she can
feed him lunches and stuff and he's over
there all right Ollie we got your little
cubby all set up there's this weird
little cubby right here and so we put
some blankets in there and some toys we
like first guy here but now it is like
the most pretty cool yeah it's cute oh
yeah I'm gonna chalkboard in there for
him yeah from the wall like put this
over there yeah we rearranged the house
isn't quite mastered getting in we're
getting out yeah you guys want to show a
special kitty here Oh clear bear what is
that that is a very fancy litter box
clear bear hey you found him what'd you
guys do caught him you caught it in a
trap we set in a live animal trap they
had this is a live animal trap put
canned cat food in there Oh sitting in I
guess
we are at Panera Bread you guys and they
accept album plane I've never done it
before so I'm really excited so I'm
gonna pay right now what do I do
you ran there I said it yeah and then
touch ID hi Dennis pretty mobile yes
thank you
food I got the steak and white cheddar
panini looks amazing Missy got this
salad you get this every time it I
always want it I'm gonna eat some of
that you know that right yeah how to eat
all this look at our view right now you
guys rainy rainy day funny area that we
got show you but everyone in California
because beanies scarves ear muffs full
jackets it stinks to be great and please
like we're a big romantic we're pretty
desperate for you guys but yeah we're
about to eat some Panera that was so
cool and using Apple pay I've never used
it before and it was that was fun right
it's really cool I got that's how it
worked
yeah it's crazy so we're gonna eat and
then we have a couple things to do and
then we're gonna get some filming been
well Muse watching oli today
so I just got done filming the first
half of my video stopping just walking
with you because I love you and so I'm
really happy that I got one-and-a-half
videos okay Sean what I do oh look at
you guys look how fast as I am okay look
at this oh it's like smoking we're gonna
go up here mm-hmm
it's like a winter wonderland in our how
do you tell but it's like sparkly yeah
it's ridiculous it's all over yeah the
like vacuum and stuff so I'm also
working on trying to get this data and I
really wanted to do a gate around the
tree because I want I'll ever be able to
play in here but not be able to touch it
or get anything and make sure it's safe
what do you guys do if you have a
toddler in a tree because I I'm not for
the gate around the tree I do not like
that idea I feel like it fringes on the
tree but there's a really nice gate that
we can put here and then he can just
play in here and if you put him over
everyone watch him but then you can also
have the gate around the tree mm-hmm to
like so you don't worry about it
I don't what do you guys I want the gate
around the tree the only thing is that
gate has to be pretty far out so that he
can't still his stick his hands in there
and get it and that means I'll need
quite a few extensions to make this
actually fit and work I mean it's gonna
cost a lot of money if I want to do one
around the tree this tree is not toddler
safe and I got to do something about it
Wow
raining fire am I in the right lane
it is raining I mean Oh yell at me I
just had a pocket of water nobody asked
you that you were gonna like what is a
hydroplane yeah I don't want to drive it
long it's so crazy that it's raining so
hard it's like a really big deal
also I I've adapted up here well but I'm
still wearing flip-flops yeah I know I
should have put on shoes or whatever
forms I just love lip hooks and I really
don't like wearing shoes so I really
should have put on shoes over less
because I'm going to be oh so we just
walked in on why are you being so cute
with me
it's crazy rainy out there and Cassie's
hanging out with us we had to get some
hot chocolate
I am p.m. at the best whipped cream
Cassie try parently they do let's see
here
it's such like so sweet and grainy do
you like it it is pretty good out it's
better than normal with me greeny though
I don't know who can taste almost no
sugar in it it's so good I'm bummed you
don't like whipped cream this is crazy
she doesn't like my pain I tried a
little bit of that and it wasn't it as
like weird as it well you're supposed to
just mix it in with your hot chocolate
yeah I think it would be better than
make it creamy she's wanted mostly
whipped cream well we were gonna put the
star on the tree but we have those two
things up and apparently we cannot find
our ladder I think mrs. dad took it so
we can't cut them up we're gonna have
you put the star on the tree maybe
tomorrow okay yeah we put the colored
gate that we have already around it the
other one we didn't have enough panels
for so I don't know I think miss you
might be taking that back and we might
be getting one to go over there cuz this
is your playroom huh see this is my
world the Christmas trees just living in
it counting in the garden you want me to
read one onion with many many peels oh
wait wait wait wait just wait it's
getting good onion okay - tasty turnips
you just ate you just had to stop and
say D and D and mmm
well this happened you guys the power is
out
Karma's freaking out are you okay karma
can you guys see him we let every single
candle there's about five different
smells going on here ya have this handy
dandy lantern yeah so that's cool so
romantic especially with your sister
over there the power's out and I um
phone is about to die
Missy's phone's about to die my computer
was charged he can't fly plugs so he can
still work that's good but yeah
sometimes it's kind of nice when the
power goes out I like I get a break
anyways we just wanted to thank you guys
so much we way surpassed our goal yeah
so basically if you guys don't know in
yesterday's vlog we announced our
December fundraising campaign and our
goal is $5,000 and I thought that was
really great I was like oh it's gonna be
rough but it'll be fine and we did five
thousand dollars in four hours and we
had no idea if you were freaking out the
whole time yeah like um we're all just
speechless like my cousins like yeah
family everyone's like wow so we
actually upped the goal to ten thousand
now so I think that's maybe a more yeah
but wait what do we are I think we're
over 7 grand still we're probably just
going to eat keep upping it ya know and
I just want to see you're excited yeah
water of life commented on our video
yesterday big thank you tears as I watch
this we have a deaf girl rescued from
the streets last week now living in a
safe environment a thirteen year old boy
with no chance for education now going
to school every day it's 6 a.m. here and
I just got him on a van for school then
sat down and saw this amazing wonderful
hearts thank you from Cambodia Brandi
water of life Asia that was just so like
it gives me goose ones when I read that
because it's like we're actually seeing
the work that we do go somewhere and I
think that's just really just so that
was just a really cool experience this
whole thing about this um organization
is that is so small there aren't
executives there aren't anyone getting
paid this no one's like really on staff
money
they get it goes a hundred percent to
the children yeah and to whatever we
want so there are lots of different
things that they do like the orphanage
and we have complete control there like
wherever you want this money to go to
behold you go to the orphanage we can
want to go all the boys homeless sex
trafficking
so for right yeah I think for right now
we're we're just gonna spread it out
equally whatever we raise in the month
of December is theirs you guys there are
some like processing fees that GoFundMe
charges on top of the donations really
amazing stuff I just think you guys it's
just a huge blessing just to be able to
do this I'm excited to see what the
month of December has in store but if
you guys haven't seen or you guys want
to donate or anything links are below in
the description please go check it out
please give if that's what your heart
wants yeah just remember if you can you
know definitely do so but remember if
everyone just donated $1 we could raise
thousands and thousands of dollars if
everyone watching this video gave one
measly stinky little stinky daughter
four quarters we could raise $60,000 oh
the power went on did you see that was a
sign that was a sign from God you guys
oh my gosh that was amazing dude if you
guys okay you better donate you better
donate at least $1 now that was a sign
yes that was great oh my gosh okay we're
gonna go ahead and end today's vlog be a
powernow yep okay
we can watch the grumpy cat movie yay I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog give
it a thumbs up if you did and we'll see
you guys tomorrow thank you bye
50 dollars the tuition is $50 you guys
with this money it could send it can
send a hundred kids to college it can
hear like me yeah the cool thing about
this organization is that it is a small
organization but that's why our money is
going a long way and is making a huge
impact yeah go with other organizations
that are just so big and kind of in a
way corporate it's you
