Oh Christmas tree o Christmas tree thy
leaves are so
it's hoping like them freebie but yes
it's not completely done so me some
white around we need the star I have the
star just me put it up there and on yeah
we're gonna reach it yeah twenty-fifth
all this is our Christmas tree though
and we come to you in this video before
it to talk to you anyway how's it going
guys today we went to Disneyland
yes and that's not what this vlog is
about a lot of fun yeah we had a lot of
fun at Disneyland and basically we're
gonna be going to Disneyland again very
soon for something really cool that we
haven't told you guys or really anyone
about and so we were like repelling we
vlogging on like that that day yeah
usually to Disney entries but we don't
last a lot of fun together just as a
family just like really relaxing like
putting the camera away and just
actually enjoy our time and we still got
clips is like a good works on her phone
if your blood to like get stuff but so
Missy did record some stuff so this
happened don't like
and this happened
and then this happened and then this
happened
wasn't he so adorable
but we didn't vlog that because we
actually have a more important video to
put up today and something that we want
to talk to you guys that we've been
planning for a while and we're really
really excited about something we should
sit okay in front of the tree and talk
to you guys okay sorry we've been
playing this for a while we've been
wanting to do something like this for a
while and I think now is a really good
time first yeah first to start out you
guys I just want to say that when we
started this YouTube channel we had no
idea that we were going to be doing what
we're doing now it's literally like a
dream come true it's something that we
never imagined and then blessed beyond
belief yeah we feel so blessed and we
really want to have an opportunity to
get back to people on our daily bumps
Channel we film our lives I think that
it's I mean a lot of people get a lot of
good out of what we do whether it's
bringing them hope bringing them
happiness bringing them peace you know
maybe just sharing their boredom but for
10 minutes a day
always always always we want to use this
channel for good and we want to use our
platform for good and we have a platform
now on YouTube and we can use it for
good things and we really want to just
open up this month and talk to you guys
about what we want to do basically yeah
not a lot of people have look you know
in this kind of platform and I guess the
opportunity doesn't always like come up
that we can do something and yeah it's
December it's Christmas time so we have
something very special that's been laid
on our hearts and we want to talked
about it for the month of December we
want to raise $5,000 that's a lot of
money I know but I really think that we
can do it together and what we want to
do is we want to raise money for this
for this charity in Cambodia called the
waters of life Asia now Cambodia is
really like close to home it's kind of
special for us because Missy actually
has a cousin who is married and they
both serve there permanently so they
have a lot of experience
working with the children and the
orphans and the people and this society
that is known as the poorest country in
the world where people live on hardly
anything yeah and so we've honestly just
been thinking for months like there has
to be something we can do in Cambodia to
help yeah and there has to be something
that we can involve our viewers in to
help alongside us because we can't do it
alone we found this really great
organization called waters of life Asia
our church has experience working with
it and her cousin has experience working
with them too
they're an amazing amazing group of
people so what these people do is they
have a home for boys who are orphans
who've been abused neglected have no
home an orphanage for babies children
and they also have a rescue home for
girls and the specifically girls who
have been in sex trafficking yes sex
trafficking is a really big thing in
Cambodia and basically they use that
home to rehabilitate them they save
these girls directly from brothels bring
them into a new life a better life and
they you know they give them what they
can to better their life and then what
they do is they usually put them in
school and they say a hundred percent of
their kids graduate from school with
only two percent of the children in
Cambodia actually usually end up
graduating yeah and then they also have
a college that literally cost like
$50.00 the tuition is $50 you guys with
this money it could send it can send a
hundred kids to college it can guys like
me yeah the cool thing about this
organization is that it is a small
organization but that's why our money is
going a long way and is making a huge
impact we're yeah you go with other
organizations that are just so big and
kind of in a way corporate is your my
$5,000 isn't gonna do much this money is
is going to be huge for them we were
talking to our pastor's wife and she's
like $5,000 would be such a huge
blessing for this organization and I
told her I was like I want to do it and
we're going to be running this all
through December and we are going to
raise 5,000
I'm saying that right now and so it's
going to happen there's no doubt in my
mind that it's going to happen so what's
really cool about this GoFundMe page is
this actually connected directly to the
charity using their AI n number so
there's no middleman involved we don't
get any money GoFundMe doesn't get any
money Church doesn't get any money the
money goes directly to the charity it
goes straight to them you guys it's
amazing we want to be able to keep track
of everyone's donations because we have
a cool little reward to incentivize you
guys if you donate a certain amount on
the page you're gonna get something so I
have all the rewards right here I'll
read them out to you so if you donate
ten dollars or more we're gonna give you
a shout out in the description of one of
our videos thanking you for your
donation if you donate $25 then you'll
get a personal thank you by name in one
of our videos so we'll actually say hey
you thank you on the vlog and if you
give $50 we're actually going to send
you a signed a postcard thanking you for
your donation directly to your home I
hope my hand starts to go numb yeah I
hope we have to write a lot of it you do
a hundred dollars then we will send you
a daily bump shirt and give you a verbal
shout out thanking you for your donation
and I just want to remind you guys too
that all these rewards and all these
incentives they're coming out of our own
pocket we're doing it because we are
literally so grateful for you guys and
just this opportunity to do something
like this with this platform during the
holidays we think it's amazing yes our
final one you guys if you feel so
inclined to donate $200 or more to this
cause we're actually going to set up a
FaceTime call or a Skype call with you
just to like see you face-to-face and
personally thank you because why would
we want to it's completely if I mean
it's so I mean it's so personal at that
point and we just want to really look
look at you as much as we can and say
thank you and chat with you and of
course we'll vlog you and put you in
there we're also going to send you a
shirt we're also going to send you a
postcard it's just such a great way to
like do something so big
with you guys and like connect with you
guys so personally and then on top of
all of that if you donate any of those
amounts or any amount at all or any of
the yeah any amount then you will
actually go into a running where we will
you actually will get a chance to
FaceTime with us or Skype with us you'll
be put into the pool to actually
FaceTime up so if you guys want to chat
with us if you want to tell us funny
jokes if you want to stare at this for
five to ten minutes I don't know why but
you will also be put in the running to
do that and that's just something we
just we the thing is we don't have a
whole lot to give that to you guys and
so we have ourselves and we have our
platform and we just want to reward you
guys as much as possible for helping us
achieve is that it that's it to us that
it kind of just seems simple or like too
simple what we're trying to give to you
but this is what we have and we hope
that you guys like it honestly if you
feel like you're being called to donate
do it this is the time this is a this is
Christmas time let's be generous let's
be loving to those who don't have what
we have this is what we want to do you
guys we want to do this for them on the
December and I hope you guys support us
in this and you know if you don't want
to donate and you don't have the means
don't donate we're not telling that you
that you have to but if you feel like
this is something that's on your heart
that you want to give then give because
these people need it you guys this is
probably something that we'll continue
to talk about throughout the month of
December we actually also will actually
be talking to my cousin who live there
and therefore the home get more
information so you know really be
talking more about the people of
Cambodia what their needs are dollar is
so easy for us to give and if everyone
did that if you did that right now where
you're sitting
it would be huge and crazy and if you
can donate a dollar and you can donate
more that would be even better so that's
what we're doing you guys we're doing
this as a family Missy and I have
already donated to get this thing going
so if you guys feel inclined and you
want to check out more information or
you want to give there's a link below in
the description please just click it and
read it and check it out and see what
we're doing oh I did want to say Judy
and Benji they do
something really cool like this every
December and so we kind of wonder like
this is a really good time to do it so
we want to jump on board too and they do
a thing called dance ember where they
dance at the end of every video and that
make people get excited about yeah and
then tell them to go donate but we don't
know what to do we don't want to steal
that we don't want to steal that and we
can't really dance so if you guys want
to give us suggestions in the comments
for things that we can do at the end of
every video in the month of December to
like get people to tell people to go
donate then that would be awesome it
yeah help us out help us come up with
like something to do with the chalkboard
I don't know we're like a Christmas tree
I don't know and you guys are smart so
you can come up with it but anyway again
I just want to thank you guys because
none of this would be possible without
you I never thought in a million years
we'd have a platform like this and I I
seriously just want to use it to help
people you guys to really help people
and I hope this can be you know
something that if people are supportive
of we can continue to do things like
this a lot of things like this so thank
you guys so much because you've changed
our lives and you're going to help us
change other people's lives that's what
we want to do that's what life is about
yes so that's all I have to give give a
thumbs up if you guys enjoyed our video
today and we Instagram the ton of
pictures and videos of all our fun today
so if you guys want to go check that out
go check it out we'll see you back here
tomorrow for a normal vlog fun
it smells so good I can't wait for our
house to smell good like this you know
we got a big old Christmas tree on top
of a very tiny Prius ha ha it's up and
we're taking it home this one's ours
babe yep we're gonna take this this
one's are going to be a part of the
family
I know I'm really excited about it
there's nothing it's
