so how about that you guys was that
funny or what would you think Missy was
so funny a little face he laughed it was
crazy so if you guys don't know we
actually used JibJab comm made a fun
little intro out of the e parts they do
that are so easy to do basically all you
do is you pick which card you want put
your photos in and it does it all for
you it's so easy it's so much fun you
guys won't watch it again click the link
in description is quite hilarious if you
ask me you're not really into writing
cards out and sending them out for the
holidays you can just send out like a
fun little you know holiday card a
little holiday JibJab love you guys
twerking so I hope you guys enjoyed that
you guys want to get a little discount
you can put in daily bumps as the promo
code when you check out with your dev
also so go check it out go make your own
I want to see them tweet up to me now on
with the blog
good morning you guys this morning has
been a ton of excitement
we're like bewildered honestly and it's
amazing and it's all because of you guys
Holly what are you doing you really want
some pineapple huh he's been macking on
this pineapple all morning so this
morning our video went live about our
December fundraising campaign and I
gotta say we were really nervous and we
didn't really know if anyone was gonna
jump on board and it's just been
incredible you guys we are at an hour
and 30 minutes but since it's been up
and this is how much has been raised two
thousand forty three dollars of five
thousand almost half of our goal is that
incredible babe I know what this is a
mate this is really amazing and just
scrolling through some of the comments
is insane like god bless the little
children thank you very much for
organizing this I'm happy to donate and
show so some port I'm really impressed
that you chose to use your platform for
good this December
love you guys always glad to help ally
what are you doing oh my gosh you guys
someone gave almost $400
that is insane you have no idea how much
this money is going to help these people
pretty crazy morning you guys I am just
so filled with like the Christmas spirit
aren't you filled with the Christmas
spirit ollie
yeah he's like I know I'm filled with
pineapple good money look at my
Christmas she's so pretty hide karma the
morning we've had a awesome awesome
morning I actually just got done filming
my video so that's good I did like a
Christmassy asommus see so that should
be up on my channel right now and it
really put me in the Christmas mirac so
I got talked all about all the fun
things I usually do for Christmas also
we get to change this from 24 days to 23
days till Christmas and what are you
doing over here you're just watching TV
huh what are you watching um do you guys
notice anything different here not too
much no not very much we finally got a
new captain they finally came yeah and
we've been waiting so patiently so
patiently he's like every day we're like
yeah it was kind of time for us upgrade
we did just buy those other ones like it
was like eight months ago
yeah human they were like the cheapest
ones on the floor and it's like we
didn't really have a lot of room where
we were yeah we were still in that room
at your parents house mm-hmm
we when we bought those ones we needed
like small things something small that
would fit into our room but now we
actually do a lot of like entertaining
over here especially with my family and
other people and so we really needed
more seating kind of worked out
perfectly
yeah we got more seating but it worked
out perfectly because my parents just
moved and they need smaller couches so
they're actually taking our couches
which is nice look at all the seating
that you guys yeah it like fills up the
entire I am in love with this couch like
I seriously is like a dream couch okay I
know all of you moms are thinking Missy
why would you buy white couches what is
don't we same struggle in the store
whatever we're like are we really gonna
buy white couches we have a one-year-old
okay first of all they're not that white
they're like a creek there's white this
is the color of the couch I really
wanted light-colored couches I didn't
want dark so no matter what kind of
color and unless you get black or brown
anything that's on your couch you're
gonna see it anyways
so I was like I'm just gonna get the
color I want which is a light and
brighter color in my living room and I'm
gonna get the protection warranty so
that if anything happens to this couch
it doesn't matter whether it's blood or
poop or pee or crumbs they will replace
like that cushion or whatever and
they'll fix it I'm really really happy
about that warranty Karma's gonna be
lying on the couches probably not right
now cuz they're too new and they're just
so pretty
kennel yeah we already gave him to
escape
ollie cuz all he runs around in like
plays them and yeah I really just wanted
to sit down yeah so I think we're gonna
put a candle at the end because he loves
kennels he tries to climb into leo is
that little school yeah yeah he is he's
the kind of dog that likes to be in
small spaces and feel like protected you
know so we have a little cloud over here
that will I'm chewing on his bottle go I
was trying to protect you just get up
from your nap I hope you woke up in a
much better mood than you were when I
put you down he was so grouchy this
morning I don't know what's going on if
he actually doesn't feel good
I haven't quite figured it out or maybe
he was just really really tired but he
went down cuz he was just just so
grouchy I had to put him in timeout
actually look how adorable it is though
he's got the cute little sweater on
again from Old Navy and some jeans he
looks adorable and he's getting ready to
go see Mimi you guys there is this
really weird stuff falling out of the
sky is you don't be like that and
there's no sunny Southern California
right now
it is raining here it says on my phone
100% chance of rain like all day long
I'm so excited that it's raining it
actually is starting to feel like
wintery even though it's really not like
what's the temperature I'm so proud of
California right now it's really trying
you guys really try and look at all this
you guys we were packing up Mimi's house
with all kinds of baby stuff and
including a baby packing you up he's got
all kinds of toys so that he can prepare
leave those over at her house
yeah totally we're just gonna this is
our extra one that we're gonna leave
over there so she can feed him lunches
and stuff and he's over there alright
all you got your little cubby all set up
there's this weird little cubby right
here and so we put some blankets in
there and some toys we first got here
but now it is like the most pretty cool
like put this over there isn't quite
mastered getting in or getting out clear
bear what is that that is a very fancy
litter box clear bear hey you found em
what'd you guys do you caught it in a
trap we said a live animal trap because
this is a live animal trap we are at
Panera Bread you guys and they accept
album plane I've never done it before so
I'm really excited so I'm gonna pay
right what do I do
and I said it yes and then touch ID
thank you
food I got the steak and white cheddar
panini looks amazing Missy got the salad
you get this every time and I always
want it look at our view right now you
guys rainy rainy day any area that will
not show you but everyone in California
because beanies scarves ear muffs full
jackets it's 60 degrees and really make
your man we're pretty desperate for you
guys but yeah we're about to eat
something
Panera that was so cool using Apple pay
I've never used it before and it was
that was fun yeah it's crazy so we're
gonna eat and then we have a couple
things to do and then we're gonna get
some filming that alone means watching
Molly today
so I just got done filming the first
half of my video stop it just walking
with you because I love you and so I'm
really happy that I got one and a half
look at this it's like a winter
wonderland in our how do you tell but
it's like sparkly yeah it's ridiculous
it's all over yeah here's the like
vacuum and stuff so I'm also working on
trying to get this data and I really
wanted to do a gator on the tree because
I want I'll ever be able to play in here
but not be able to touch it or get
anything and make sure it's safe
what do you guys do you have a toddler
in a tree because I I'm not for the gate
around the tree I do not like that idea
I feel like a fringes on the tree but
there's a really nice gate that we can
put here and then you can just play in
here and if you put them over everyone
watching but then you can also have the
gate around the tree mm-hmm to like so
you don't worry about it
I know what do you guys I want the gate
around the tree the only thing is that
gate has to be pretty far out so that he
can't still a stick his hands in there
and get it and that means I'll need
quite a few extensions to make this
actually fit and work I mean it's gonna
cost a lot of money if I want to do one
around the tree this tree is not toddler
safe and I got to do something about it
Wow
raining all right am I in the right way
it is reading I mean don't yell at me I
just had a pocket of water
nobody had to do that you were like what
is a hydroplane I don't drive this so
crazy that it's raining so hard it's
like a really big deal
also I I've adapted up here well but I'm
still wearing flip-flops yeah I know I
should have put on tears I just love lip
hooks and I really don't like wearing
shoes so I really should have put on
shoes looking for it less because I'm
going to be nobody just walked in on me
it's crazy rainy out there and Cassie's
hanging out with us we had to get some
hot chocolate
I am p.m. at the best whipped cream
Cassie try parently they do let's see
here it's just like so sweet and grainy
do you like it it is pretty good out
it's better than normal with me greeny
though I don't know you can taste almost
no sugar in it it's so good I'm bummed
you don't like whipped cream this is
crazy she doesn't like and it wasn't as
like weird as well you're supposed to
just mix it in with your hot chocolate
creamy well we were gonna put the star
on the tree but we have those two things
up and apparently we cannot find our
ladder I think mrs. dad took it so we
can't cut them up we're gonna have you
put the star on the tree maybe tomorrow
okay yeah we put the colored gate that
we have already around it the other one
we didn't have enough panels for so I
don't know I think missing might be
taking that back and we might be getting
one to go over there because this is
your playroom huh see this is my world
the Christmas tree is just living in it
counting in the garden you want me to
read one onion with many many peels okay
- tasty turnips you just had to say D
and Z and
well this happened you guys the power is
out
Karma's freaking out are you okay karma
can you guys see him we let every single
candle there's about five different
smells going on here yeah you have this
handy dandy lantern yeah so that's cool
so romantic especially with your sister
over there and my um phone is about to
die
Missy's phone's about to die my computer
was charged quite bugs so he can still
work but yeah sometimes it's kind of
nice when the power goes out I get a
break anyways we just wanna thank you
guys so much we way surpassed our goal
yes so basically if you guys don't know
in yesterday's vlog we announce our
December fundraising campaign and our
goal is $5,000 I thought that was really
great I was like oh it's gonna be rough
but it'll be fun and we did $5,000 in
four hours and we had no idea you were
freaking out the whole time yeah like
we're all just speechless like my
cousins like yeah family everyone's like
wow so we actually up to the goal to
10,000 now so I think that's maybe a
more yeah but wait what do we are I
think we're over 7 grand still probably
just keep upping it yeah no I just we're
excited yeah water of life commented on
our video yesterday big thank you tears
as I watch this we have a deaf girl
rescued from the streets last week now
living in a safe environment a 13 year
old boy with no chance for education now
going to school every day it's 6 a.m.
here and I just got him on a van for
school then sat down and saw this
amazing wonderful hearts thank you from
Cambodia Brandi water of life Asia that
was just so like it gives me goosebumps
when I read that because it's like we're
actually seeing the work that we do go
somewhere and I think that's just really
just so that was just a really cool
experience this whole thing about this
um organization is that is so small
there aren't executives there aren't any
one getting paid that no one's like
really on staff
that they get it goes a hundred percent
to the children yeah and to whatever we
want so there are lots of different
things that they do like the orphanage
and we have complete control there like
wherever you want this money to go to
you go to the orphanage we can we want
to go all the boys hold us that's
trafficking so for right yeah I think
for right now we're we're just gonna
spread it out equally whatever we raise
in the month of December is theirs you
guys there are some like processing fees
that GoFundMe charges on top of the
donations really amazing stuff I just
think you guys this is just a huge
blessing just to be able to do this I'm
excited to see what the month of
December has in store but if you guys
haven't seen or you guys want to donate
or anything links are below in the
description please go check it out
please give if that's what your heart
wants just remember if you can you know
definitely do so but remember if
everyone just donated $1 we could raise
thousands and thousands of dollars if
everyone watching this video gave one
measly stinky little stinky daughter
four quarters we could raise $60,000 the
power went on did you see that was a
sign that was a sign from God you guys
oh my gosh that was amazing mm-hmm if
you guys okay you better donate you
better donate at least $1 now that was a
sign yes that was great oh my gosh okay
we're gonna go ahead and end today's
vlog we empower now yep
we can watch the grumpy cat movie yay I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog give
it a thumbs up if you did and we'll see
you guys tomorrow
thank you bye $50 the tuition is $50 you
guys with this money it could send it
can send a hundred kids to college it
can
this organization is that it is a small
organization but that's why our money is
going a long way and is making a huge
impact yeah go with other organizations
that are just so big and kind of in a
way corporate it's you're my
