okay my just Sandlot yeah you know with
the baseball after it gets all girls
Molly what you got there you got
yourself a bunny you got yourself a
bunny this actually has to stay in the
yard though buddy this came with the
house hey hey hey no no no no that's my
buddy now it's my buddy okay but you got
to hold it by the ears okay like I just
said it there Oh
give it a kiss babe we are at Mimi and
Papa's house it's moving day so I'm
moving everything over
keep fighting little treasures like this
thing no I got it's not if I want to
cute he's got a few grips and he's been
in the garage it smelled too bad he's
probably clean this is I don't know yet
I don't know yet I don't know trying out
this to me or got this for me I think
for my birthday when I turned 18 yes and
fun fact - this is from the very first
vlog not daily bumps blog but the very
first like vlog we ever did in life
together basically I know I still yes so
we actually like did this huge trip for
mrs. birthday and we got I don't know
yet it was 2007
yeah and we'd never wasn't even know
what YouTube was really and she got this
for me and we gotta forget a flip and he
just won't do that like random like like
I was talking to the camera and
everything like making little videos is
weird making jokes that stuff we went up
to the hot springs in Idaho and you got
me this and he said what do you want to
call it I said
oh yeah and he said okay and then he
called it I don't know yes his name is I
don't know yet and we actually talked
about him in one of our first vlogs also
on yeah no but I will have to share that
video if you guys want to see it you
guys want to see that video let me get
four yup okay I'm copyright material on
it oh we could just change it though
yeah but it's so cool with the music
what do you think karma okay we are now
at the new house and my mom's gonna mop
up a little bit and we're just kind of
waiting for the moving guys to get here
until it gets crazy Ollie is taking
things apart as usual we'll put this
back I know the backyard is huge it
needs a little bit of work just like so
much potential back here yeah for sure
and the thing is is that they actually
really enjoy like yard work so I think
they're gonna end up making this
something really cool and fun and
somewhere for ollie to play but she got
a baseball oh yeah oh yeah and karma is
here because he's serving a purpose so
there are actually many many cats that
come into this yard actually as you can
see there's a little bit of captive they
use this yard as like a place to go
potty Imams like get Carm over here show
those cats who's boss and make him mark
the territory so I don't think there's
ever been okay
finds you a Sandlot yeah you know with
the baseball after it gets all girls
from the dog um Oh baby what are you
doing here he's just playing right in
there dude I was like okay I'll just
wait here I'll just wait so anyways when
we brought him over here to help like
get scare the cat's away
throw the ball Ollie whoo he just wanted
touch because it's gross so it good
throw good job Ollie and your hands all
dirty you know your shirts a good place
to wipe up huh no no ohh karma no no
stay it's okay you could stay
karma was cuddle up with I don't know oh
hi oh hi karma hi hi
karma was cuddling up with I don't know
yet I drew him here and I caught them I
caught you cuddling this is actually
from Cassie she had it in her old room
it's pretty cool it's like it's like a
canvas poster and so we thought it would
actually look really nice in the guest
room so she gave it to us and then Missy
found one of her old dresses too that
she looks pretty banging in if you ask
me Olly right now is taking the longest
nap ever he's on two hours and 10
minutes right now and I am about to
crack into some pumpkin pizzle what up
okay guys things are moving in we've got
the dining room table that's it we got
the dog the dog is here that's good we
see you here you go it's coming along
the truck is actually almost unloaded we
got this room they're unpacking it looks
good I'm proud of it um but yeah moving
day is actually going really nice we
have moving guys actually I don't
Affairs no John from John's movers um
they're actually moving us and so it's
really nice because these guys don't
want to do a thing which my dad's
usually the person who does everything
but his back has been hurting him so I
think it's really nice that we have
movers that can do it so if you guys are
looking for
movers definitely check out John's mover
in the Southern California area is it
yeah yes you're invited that you can
come too and you can count it everyone
can come to my mom's house
Wow so we back together guys what we are
we were split up for a little bit
anyways we are now at the mall which
basically from now until the end of the
year it's going to be great it's mall in
half yeah it was so hard finding a
parking spot and all that it's just
going to be crazy for the rest of the
year just tons people has been shopping
which is actually what we're doing we're
Christmas shopping there are some really
good deals and I was like okay fine yes
go check this out he's always against
like credit I do I like the fun of Black
Friday even if I don't necessarily buy
anything I just like standing in lines
and like the craziness of it you like
scary in life it's like Disneyland has
been here does great things like that oh
it's upstairs brain okay now we're gonna
do some Christmas shopping I gotta
figure out what I'm gonna buy everyone
how would i look I say no study definite
yeah sure no let's go with no yeah and
no to this too
just go just go what are you doing did
she trying to do an elf joke that was
pretty good babe not gonna find an
elevator we survived Missy we survived
to the mall that's pretty good huh look
at that tree oh I love that tree I was
look out the pre-lit trees inside Sears
I was like oh those sounds so nice it is
like nice and cool too huh this is where
they do the fake snow and they do it
like twice a week I think on the
weekends and stuff look at this and they
got Christmas easygoing sounds good
and the cool fountain is running this is
not normal Missy anywhere else in this
fountain would be frozen or shut off
okay I'm still wearing my shorts I'm
fine yeah
Holly got a little fuzzy but you
survived too huh excuse me very very
disastrous house we just got home and
Ollie is wearing his cute new little
jammies that I just got him and lookout
ureas Ollie gonna spin for us we can do
it I got these at Old Navy because
everything today was 40% off and I
needed new jammies okay and he's got his
little hoodie are you looks like the
cutest baby ever yes
and right now we are making dinner for
the whole family and we're gonna
actually gonna head over to their house
so Bryan is making a pesto creamy pasta
stuff and I'm trying with sun-dried
tomatoes this time I don't know if those
don't really look like the ones they
yeah see we'll see how they turn out but
uh yeah he's got tons of fresh shrimp
and cheering it up and it's
was delicious my mouth is watering I'm
sorry to eat but we gotta head over to
their house oh I left this open and goes
the baby we have arrived
anyone hungry yes it start we have food
lots and lots of food we even brought
look at this you guys look at this
garlic bread oh yeah yeah yeah totally
hmm looks good too you guys got a set up
nice in here it's it's like totally
different with a table in here huh I did
a lot of this oh really oh look at that
fits perfectly in there she'll get the
blocks oh I get the blocks come here oh
don't you want to play with the blocks
it carefully takes it haha there you go
yeah do you like the blocks you can
stack them no don't eat them don't eat
them okay you can stack them put one on
top of there like yep no mud bucks yeah
no more blood oh my goodness
Missy just made chocolate chip cookies
because obviously you can't visit
someone without bringing over some
cookie doesn't make right
she brought her like pan and special
Silpat and everything left over from the
day is that when she actually showed you
guys how to make him if you guys haven't
seen it go check it out it's in the
description below those smell so good I
love that when there's like a little
cluster mine so I'm faster of chocolate
chips and we're finally her at home we
had
licious dinner we had a very productive
fun day that ended in family time and
cookies and it was a really really good
day tomorrow's another busy day though I
told me I want to go get the Christmas
tree yes everyone put in a picture to
their tree whatever tree opening the
honestly has been so busy I would have
loved to have it up a week ago but um
yeah hopefully we can get that Christmas
tree about so excited to decorate for
Christmas and I'm excited too great from
my mom's house for Christmas we're doing
and the vlog we're heading home hope you
guys enjoyed it give that video like
button a click give that like button a
click if you enjoyed it and we'll see
you guys tomorrow
Hey do you really get good sloppy action
Harry would you say me sing babe what
did you say like what you could try
gut-punch Missy you look oh these things
are crazy you know it looks like a buff
Italian guy
