doing all this room oh you don't know
where we're at get with you guys good
morning guys
karma do not cry why do you always have
to cry when I start the vlog Killa dude
Oliver just ate a delicious breakfast he
he is so good at breakfast he always
eats whatever I give him he eats all of
it like he just ate a whole waffle a
scrambled egg and half a banana the
whole his whole plate it was crazy but
like a dinner he's always so picky and
lunch time is very difficult when he
eats his breakfast I am one happy mama
hon dude and now he's drinking his milk
drinking your milk eating your breakfast
being such a big boy sometimes I think
he eats such a big breakfast though
because he didn't really eat so much at
dinner and now he's like starving and I
was like I hope you're not starving
anyways we got a big day today I am
excited I mean hey off my mom and get
some stuff done with her and Oliver what
are you gonna do today good it usually
do be a cute little baby
oh is that auntie's brush aunty left her
brush here huh
hey don't you can have it oh I'll just
give it to you she takes my stuff so
I'll just take her stuff yeah just
kidding good morning guys guess how many
hours I slept on this bed just guess
know just think of a number put it in
your head I'm gonna tell you 14 hours I
slept last night and I feel so good
finally I fell asleep on the couch
around 6 o'clock like right after we eat
dinner and then I moved up to the bed
and then slept until 9 o'clock this
morning and my body definitely need
you guys I did not know that I was
losing so much sleep when we were in New
York but it was just we were crazy busy
over there today we got a busy day
planned I'm shooting something really
cool for eBay which is really fun
because I love eBay and they came to us
with this new thing they want us to do
and so I get to shoot that today that's
exciting that's just good being back
home back in sunny Southern California
looking back there we got palm trees
sunshine and cool breezes it's amazing
there you go he's playing a song babe it
almost sounded like twinkle twinkle
jingle jingle bells what up this kid
wash up in the morning look at your hair
it's all crazy
it's back to normal basically we wake up
this kid just plays and plays and plays
and we get to hang out with him huh oh
he goes in there it's a dog food yeah
you plays in karmas water and eats his
dog food and we're always pulling it out
of his mouth like don't do that I'll
ever think I'm supposed to be watching
him and you went in there sorry come on
Ali Mama's doing laundry you want to
help her I've already unpacked
everything and almost all the laundry
dang girl would you do without me
I be wearing stinky old clothes yeah hey
I'm in a new place now I got my mom's
and if you guys don't know you wouldn't
know I don't know how you wouldn't know
my mom was getting ready to move and so
I'm helping her pack up cuz she's got
all that stuff she's got a big house and
a lot to do so I'm going to start with
packing up this wall which we never
actually finished there's these two
pictures up here which we were going to
put we're gonna blow up my mom and dad's
like wedding photo and put him in there
and then we just never did but we put
him up there it looks so ridiculous but
then I gotta pack up all this stuff
trying to get some stuff done helping
her out a little bit if you ever wonder
if I move
I'm going to move all this stuff that's
breakable the cheapest way to do it is
use a big old sheet probably have a few
of those and you just like wrap them up
in there so then they're like safe but
you also aren't buying like other stuff
you can just use a sheet that you have
already open you're covered wait I'm
already packed oil sheets so we get to
be unproductive by unpacking the sheets
and then using them to pack stuff you
guys remember when I put this up on the
wall I love this wall but we have to
take it down look at this cute little
family we got to update this please
pictures there's Nina which we actually
no longer have and there's Leo karma and
all the houses all here mom yeah you
can't even hold his head up oh yeah
he's baby look what I'm doing I've been
just recording some vocals and I got
Ollie as my little studio assistant huh
like I want to sing I actually got the
final instrumental for my original song
right before we left for New York so
what I'm doing is I'm just recording
some rough vocals and listening back to
it just to make sure that I sing it
right when it comes to when it comes in
the studio I tend to when I'm in a
studio and I happen
this happened last time was I kind of
clam up and my voice gets a little shaky
and so sometimes it takes a few takes to
sort of get used to being in that
environment also I tend to put a lot of
pressure on myself lil miss brought the
cat we've got a movie coming out soon
huh yeah hey you guys want a little
intro what the chorus sounds like on my
new song I'll give you a little sneak
peek a
see it's very country kind of folky kind
of poppy kind of exactly what I was
feeling honestly this is exactly what
was in my head and I love it
I hope that when I get into the studio
and seeing it it sounds how I want it to
sound just because I know I'm not the
best like most seasoned singer but I
know that I enjoy doing it I know that
you guys want to hear a lot of stuff so
I I try and do the best I can and if I'm
just not happy with it then I just won't
release it and I actually put a lot of
time and effort into this one song so I
really want to release it for you guys
and actually I'm thinking to going let's
get out of here I'm thinking too about
releasing it on my birthday which would
be interesting because it's my first
original song that I wrote so I think it
would be cool to do it on my birthday so
which actually is coming up too well
what do you guys think about that but
yeah all he's all dressed up
he's been playing in his toys while I
record let's go see mom Mama's helping
me out with some stuff at her house
today
I don't know holiday I'm here this is
before Grace's that's Grace's so that
was probably ten cuz you got braces that
yeah that's pretty good and look at
those little butterfly clips look at
baby
Missy and Jen me look at the Buddha book
look at this cute little family and my
dad's eyebrows his unibrow wrap it up we
are at Mimi and Papa's house and Olly
has eaten grilled cheese you like that
grilled cheese he actually likes grilled
cheese sandwiches now you guys but he
will not sit and eat one he wants to
walk around and eat one we are trying to
watch a very merry poo Christmas
something like that on Netflix like it
oli
what are you doing he's even saying my
mom is here
mala come save him mama probably wants
to help you put him in there more
he loves crawling in tight spaces as you
guys saw from yesterday and this is the
for example he's stuck come on you can
do it you can do it yeah hey guys comes
putting his arm back oh oh we made it
it's okay baby
we need to get him a kennel we're
battling a small crisis right now Brian
brought Oliver to my mom's house yes hid
but of course
Oliver pooped and of course we have no
diapers or eyes he didn't bring anything
with him when he left the house I'm very
frustrated but that's okay okay so we
usually have backups in the car because
I mean you have a baby you always gotta
have backups but clean out the car
because we were going on vacation and
Brian got really he's um has to go to
the bank and he was super busy so I
dropped him off the bank to get stuff
done and now we're going to Target to
get you diapers cuz you stink
all right we made it to the type trial
funny thing is I have plenty of diapers
at home um but the brand that I buy i
buy a baby Ganic they don't have like
small bags or small packages of them so
I have to buy like a full thing of them
which is fine I mean we'll use all of
them but just funny like I gotta buy
about 45 diapers so that I can change
him right now you think this smell like
poopoo situation has been contained
baby's been changed now I'm trying to
he's really upset
I'm getting gas and Oliver is having a
bit of a fit Brian's trying to get stuff
done Eddie hey-oh ideas smile it was
working like two seconds ago
okay no one getting gas all he's trying
to escape all the girls what are you
doing buddy
have you been holding him captive hey
hey he's like I'm sorry I'm free going
go on
how are you guys doing to him
uh-huh I'm sure Lucy what are you doing
trying to put tape up here doing all
this room huh oh you don't know where
we're at
get with you guys we are in the ramen
desi house
yeah it's very echoey you raise me up so
I can work on mountains yeah it's really
exciting one guy got a new house I'm so
excited and we're painting it so right
now we'll start the dark right now so
we're just taking it and tomorrow we're
gonna paint it miss Missy loves any type
of home project basically yeah testitude
done painting her room it's grazie
no comment it's exactly what she wanted
and it's like it's kind of crazy the
is what she wants though and she's a
tedious we can do it she wants I am
cleaning up all I barely any of his
dinner really I'm looking at gay mother
stuff but all I was really grouchy today
I don't know if he didn't get enough
sleep or if he just doesn't feel good
I'm not sure I took his temp even though
he felt fine but he doesn't have a
temperature or anything but Brian
actually took my mom back to her house
because I had driven her over to the
house so he's running around it's pretty
dark out too so hopefully he's back soon
so you know and the vlog because we are
just going to relax threats tonight once
he gets home but I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog give it a thumbs up tomorrow
should be fun it's almost Thanksgiving
you guys let us know in the comments
what are you doing for Thanksgiving
we're hoping to do something here
definitely going over to going to family
for Thanksgiving so I'm excited for that
hope you guys enjoyed it through the
thumbs up if you did and we'll see you
guys from he's hiding in shuffle
Ollie are you eating mommy's those don't
eat mommy show hahahahahah car must go
he's crazy this is basically what
