doing all this room
huh oh you don't know where we get with
you guys good morning guys
Karma's do not cry why do you always
have to cry when I sent the vlog chill
out dude
Oliver just ate a delicious breakfast he
he is so good at breakfast he always
eats whatever I give him he eats all of
it like he just ate a whole waffle a
scrambled egg and half a banana the
whole his whole plate it was crazy but
like a dinner she's always so picky and
lunchtime is very difficult when he eats
his breakfast I am one happy mama hon
dude now he's drinking his milk drinking
your milk eating your breakfast being
such a big boy sometimes I think he eats
such a big breakfast though because he
didn't really eat so much at dinner and
now he's like starving you know it's
like I hope you're not starving anyways
we got a big day today I am excited I'm
eating off my mom and get some stuff
done with her and Oliver what are you
gonna do today do it usually do be a
cute little baby
always antes brush auntie left her brush
here huh hey don't but you can have it
I'll just give it to you she takes my
stuff so I'll just take her stuff just
kidding good morning guys guess how many
hours I slept on this bed just guests
know just think of a number put it in
your head I'm gonna tell you 14 hours I
slept last night and I feel so good
finally I fell asleep on the couch
around 6 o'clock like right after we eat
dinner and then I moved up to the bed
and then slept until 9 o'clock this
morning and my body definitely need
you guys I did not know that I was
losing so much sleep when we were in New
York but it was just we were not crazy
busy over there
today we got a busy day planned I'm
shooting something really cool for eBay
which is really fun because I love eBay
and they came to us with this new thing
they want us to do and so I get to shoot
that today that's exciting yeah it's
just good being back home back in sunny
Southern California looking back there
we got palm trees sunshine and cool
breezes it's amazing there you go
he's playing a song babe it almost
sounded like twinkle twinkle
jingle jingle bells what up kid what's
up in the morning look at your hair it's
all crazy
it's back to normal basically we wake up
this kid just plays and plays and plays
and we get to hang out with him huh oh
he goes in there to eat the dog food
yeah you plays in karmas water and eats
his dog food and we are always pulling
it out of his mouth like don't do that
Oh ever think I'm supposed to be
watching him and you went in there sorry
come on Ali
Mama's doing laundry you want to help
her dang girl I be wearing stinky old
clothes hey I'm in a new place now I'm
at my mom's and if you guys don't know
you wouldn't know I don't know how you
wouldn't know my mom was getting ready
to move and so I'm helping her pack up
cuz she's got a lot of stuff she's got a
big house and a lot to do so I'm going
to start with packing up this wall which
we never actually finished there's these
two pictures up here which we were gonna
put we're gonna blow up my mom and dad's
like wedding photo and put him in there
and then we just never did moving put
him up there it looks so ridiculous but
then I gotta pack up all this stuff
trying to get some stuff done helping
her out a little bit if you ever wonder
if I move how
gonna move all this stuff that's
breakable the cheapest way to do it is
use a big old sheet you probably have a
few those and you just like wrap them up
in there so then they're like safe but
you also aren't buying like other stuff
you can just use a sheet that you have
already up in your cupboard which I'm
already packed a little sheet so we get
to be unproductive by unpacking the
sheets and using them to pack stuff guys
member when I put this up on the wall I
love this wall but we have to take it
down look at this cute little family we
got to update this please pictures
there's Nina which we actually no longer
have and there's Leo karma and Ollie how
old is Ollie here mom yeah you can hold
his head up oh yeah
he's baby baby look what I'm doing I've
been just recording some vocals and I
got Ollie as my little studio assistant
huh I think I want a thing I actually
got the final instrumental for my
original song right before we left for
New York so what I'm doing is I'm just
recording some rock vocals and listening
back to it just to make sure that I sing
it right when it comes to when it comes
in the studio I tend to when I'm in a
studio and I happened this happened last
time was I kind of clam up and my voice
gets a little shaky and so sometimes it
takes a few takes to sort of get used to
being in that environment also I tend to
put a lot of pressure on myself little
mess brought the care we've got a movie
coming out soon huh yeah whoo you guys
want a little intro of what the chorus
sounds like on my new song I'll give you
a little sneak peek a
see it's very country kind of folky kind
of poppy kind of exactly what I was
feeling honestly this is exactly what
was in my head and I love it
I hope that when I get into the studio
and seeing it it sounds how I want it to
sound just because I know I'm not the
best like most seasoned singer but I
know that I enjoy doing it I know that
you guys want to hear a lot of stuff so
I I try and do the best I can and if I'm
just not happy with it then I just won't
release it and I actually put a lot of
time and effort into this one song so I
really want to release it for you guys
and actually I'm thinking to going let's
get out of here I'm thinking too about
releasing it on my birthday which would
be interesting because it's my first
original song that I wrote so I think it
would be cool to do it on my birthday so
which actually is coming up too well
what do you guys think about that but
yeah all he's all dressed up
he's been playing in his toys while I
record let's go see mom Mama's helping
me me out with some stuff at her house
today
that was probably 10 cuz you got braces
that yeah it's pretty good and look at
those little barf like clips looking
baby Missy and Jimmy look at done a
Buddha book look at this cute little
family and my dad's eyebrows his unibrow
wrap it up we are at Mimi and Papa's
house and Ali has eaten grilled cheese
you like that grilled cheese he actually
likes grilled cheese sandwiches now you
guys but he will not sit and eat one he
wants to walk around and eat one we are
trying to watch a very merry poo
Christmas something like that
Netflix spiked it
oli
what are you doing he's even saying mama
mama probably wants to help you put him
in there more
he loves crawling and tight spaces as
you guys saw from yesterday we need to
get him a cut off we're battling a small
crisis right now Brian brought all over
to my mom's house but of course
Oliver pooped and of course we have no
diapers or wise he didn't bring anything
with him when he left the house I'm very
frustrated but that's okay okay so you
usually have backups in the car because
I mean you have a baby you always gotta
have backups but cleaned out the car
because we were going on vacation and
Brian got really he's um has to go to
the bank and he was super busy so I
dropped him off the bank to get stuff
done and now we're going to Target to
get you diapers because you stink all
right we made it to the entire aisle
funny thing is I have plenty of diapers
at home but the brand that I buy i buy a
baby ganic they don't have like small
bags or small packages of them so I have
to buy like a full thing of them which
is fine I mean we'll use all of them but
I just has funny like I'm gonna buy
about 45 diapers so that I can change
him right now you speak you smell like
poo poo situation has been contained
baby's been changed now I'm trying to
he's really upset I'm getting gas and
Oliver is having a bit of a fit Brian's
trying to get stuff done
ready very
oh yes mile it was working like two
seconds ago okay no I'm getting gas
Polly's trying to escape all the girls
what are you doing buddy have you been
holding him captive hey what were you
guys doing to him uh-huh I'm sure I see
what are you doing doing all this room
huh oh you don't know where we're at
get with you guys it's very echoey and
we're painting it so right now we'll
start the dark right now so we're just
taking it and tomorrow we're gonna paint
it as Missy loves any type of home
project leases yeah I guess if you'd
been painting her room it's crazy no
comment
it's exactly what she wanted and it's
like it's kind of crazy
it's what she wants though and she's a
teenager so you can do it if she wants I
am cleaning up all I barely any of his
dinner right now that I'm looking at
yeah mother stuff but all I was really
grouchy today I don't know if he didn't
get enough sleep or if he just doesn't
feel good I'm not sure I took his temp
even though he felt fine but he doesn't
have a temperature anything but Brian
actually took my mom back to her house
because I had driven her over to the
house so he's running around it's pretty
dark out too so hopefully he's back soon
so you know head and the vug because we
are just going to relax that's the night
once he gets home but hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog give it a thumbs up
tomorrow should be fun it's almost
Thanksgiving you guys let us know in the
comments what are you doing for
Thanksgiving we're hoping to do
something here but definitely going over
to going to family for Thanksgiving so
I'm excited for that hope you guys
enjoyed it give a thumbs up if you did I
will see you guys he's hiding in shuffle
Ollie are you eating mommy's toes donate
mommy
hahaha harm us Joey crazy this is
basically what
