thought we were taking it close to
Lincoln Tunnel so we can get it right
out of here
turns out we're not in Manhattan anymore
so there's that
yeah good morning guys we are in a
Humvee headed to a New York City we got
in a Humvee it's like when you have a
lot of people in a car and they're like
taking you right I don't know but we got
Louise and we got Jack and Dean and a
few other peeps everyone say hey all
right I think we're going to you
I think we're going to the South Ferry
yeah we're gonna see if we can hop on
and just go around Liberty on a boat
trip trip boat trip but yeah we have
another fun New York City day planned
yeah you guys look at this
the original soup man that is from
Seinfeld this is where they get soup and
if you don't order it correctly then he
makes you leave like you can't get soup
back you didn't know they they
originally call him the Soup Nazi I
don't think they can say that anymore
no you can't say that so we decided to
take it on foot because but now we are
headed to find some food and it is
beautiful and cold
it's very cold how do you feel okay well
you feel great look at you got gloves in
a scarf and yeah that's cool I have to
say that Time Square is a lot different
during the daytime than during the night
so we just had an Olive Garden in New
York City and this is our view right
there you guys got Hershey's and M&M
world this and basically it's really
hard to sit here and not just stare out
the window and all the people like doing
everything it's just so good there's so
much to look at all the time it's quite
overwhelming honestly look at all these
little candies okay guys we are going to
officially take I think our first subway
touch the railings yeah uh yeah so we're
gonna see how it goes I download app
super confusing all right we have our
single ride tickets here we go
guy standing really close
we're connecting here we need to get on
the B train which i think is here and
then that should take us to Rockefeller
Center
say okay we're getting all the beat hey
hey you got to get on fatso there
look at taking the phone
okay we finished the summit ride and we
made it yeah and we actually are now in
Rockefeller Center
that's very long ago it was fun it was a
experience I guess we're passing under
Radio City Music Hall and we're on our
way to the ice skating rink but look at
this is so iconic this is crazy
this you guys is how you decorate a very
large Christmas tree look it they've got
like the construction platforms around
it that's crazy
I think the ice-skating rink is right
over around here someone on the side of
the road was selling gloves in a scarf
so got one of those so I'm a little bit
warmer so that's nice
there's a little cafe there you could
beat and watch people fall on their
button s okay they also have the guy
holding the glove globe we were checking
out the Lego store they got the gold the
gold statue in Lego form and that one in
Lego form we're trying to figure out how
what subway we need to take to get to
Central Park so you can check it out you
guys want to see Central Park I will see
it we have found Central Park Missy but
it's nighttime now the sunset pretty
soon today but this is like the very
south end of Central Park I don't know
if we should really walk through there
is that really safe I'm sure it's fine
but we can't really see things yeah they
do have the horse yeah they do have the
horse-drawn carriages too which would be
cool but that's like a long trip so we
need more time
well I want to go in there Missy there's
some really cool like trails and stuff
go over the bridges and stuff oh yeah
look at the city at night you guys this
is how it was yesterday we've been here
like almost all day well we had a late
start but yeah I thought you know yes so
like iconic yeah so in the skipping
Central Park cuz it's so dark
let's not panic you guys let's just stay
really really calm we've been using this
app to take the subway we thought we
were taking it close to Lincoln Tunnel
so we can get it right out of here turns
out we're not in Manhattan anymore so
there's that we were going completely
the wrong way on all the right trains
though okay we were here enough we're
over here we need to be over here oh my
gosh okay I I honestly was thinking I
was I got out I was like this doesn't
look like Manhattan anymore anymore we
just get back on this train
we found our way back and we actually
already grabbed a little bit of food and
now we have to find our way out to it
all the way back to the hotel and cabs
and like uber right now it's like two
point five times more amount than it
usually is because yeah it's a very fun
set aside right yeah because everyone is
just trying to get on New York or get
into New York whatever the demands there
is other ways to get there so we're
gonna experiment with subway in the
Amtrak and if it doesn't is fine we'll
just end up having to take something but
we should have a little fun but we do
have to get back because there's a party
at night and we're thinking about going
we're on a train and I cool I feel like
we had a talk like sitting across from
me yeah it's cool um I feel like a lot
of this vlog has been us trying to
figure out where we're going but
honestly that's been basically our day
it's trying to figure out what we're
going next I literally know how it's got
everywhere now yeah totally I got some
yummy hot chocolate from
speaking i'm just we got yes we got some
doughnuts oh yeah we're having a lot of
fun we're headed back to the hotel and
we're gonna try and get ready and go to
the party oh boy
yeah we made it back to our room she's
getting all ready for the party tonight
baby looks so good
for reals for reals I'm married to you I
like it up like that I got this dress at
H&M and it's super cute because it's
like kind of longer in the back and then
it comes up and it's short and then yeah
it's been pretty this Macy made me put
on a collared shirt you guys I was just
gonna wear the shirt I was wearing today
it was like a long sleeve and she's like
no you have to at least a collar
are you tired yeah Missy just lay down
on the bed she's like okay ready what I
did it I got a shoe when she got back
from the party tons of fun got to chat
and hang out with a lot of people that
we haven't seen since like the last
playlist which is really cool but we
were both exhausted and what time's my
panel tomorrow 2:00 2:30 I have a panel
tomorrow at 2:30 and I'm really stoked I
think it's gonna be a lot of fun I hope
you guys enjoyed this vlog if you did
pick that thumbs up button and see you
guys tomorrow
goodbye doesn't she look pretty look how
pretty she looks
oh you did yes no we did we did yeah
okay good um so yeah I did a side pony
and he's cute
it's a cow all right we'll see you guys
smile bye so we just got out of the show
which was total fashion New York hotdog
just plain Jane just like that Thank You
Man actually smells delicious is it good
go
