uh yeah so this is happening
good morning guys I am out and about I'm
actually headed to go get my hair done
alright I'm gonna try and do something
totally different this time because I've
been kind of getting really bored and
tired of the really dark hair so I'm
gonna try and go lighter but it might
take a couple tries just because I don't
want to like just drench my hair and
bleach and then not look right you know
I'm excited your hair done I hope it
looks totally different when I'm done
and I hope that it turns out okay but
actually just took my mom home because I
brought her over so that she could help
me watch Olly while I finished up
filming but I'm so excited because we
are done filming all our videos for
other channels for the rest of the week
so we are now just basically in focus on
going to New York mode whenever we are
getting ready to go to a trip we are so
crazy busy like it's chaotic the days
before that we don't even get to think
about the fact that we're going to New
York now I basically get all today and
all tomorrow to think about the bags
that I'm going to New York and I get to
like plan all my stuff and I got all my
outfits in yeah well hey everybody how
it going this morning we actually got a
ton of stuff done I'm really excited for
you guys to see that new cool school
episode for the night night before
Christmas I keep saying I keep wanting
to say the nightmare for Christmas but
it's not the Nightmare Before Christmas
cuz that's a whole different story I
don't know if he showed this to you guys
she got a wound tablecloth we originally
bought this tablecloth but we bought it
in the 8 to 10 people table so it was
way too long and we try and keep it
short so Ollie can't like pull on it and
like rip everything off the table so she
returned it and got a new tablecloth and
then we she brought it home she realized
that she had actually bought the round
one so now we have a round tablecloth on
our very rectangular table all he's
still taking a really good nap
Missy's not getting her hair done and I
have a chance to sit down and get some
work done
filled by my little miracles organic
energy whoo-hoo
as you can tell I have a lot of it Ken
yo can you tell can you tell can you can
you can you can you can you can can can
kill you I'm gonna be honest I'm
actually pretty nervous for this
appointment because I don't feel like
she's gonna be able to do it um exactly
how I want the first time so I don't
know what it's going to look like by the
way it is absolutely beautiful today I
can't believe that in a couple days I'm
going to New York and I'm gonna have to
wear like really warm clothes because
I'm wearing this and I'm actually warm
oh hey Olli is your mouth very full
how's that a blackberry fruit bar is it
nummy he's dressed so cute cuz we did
filming earlier today he just woke up
from his nap and I gave him a little
blackberry fruit thing to tide him over
but I think I'm gonna try and make him
some macaroni and cheese good ol kraft
mac and cheese Colet or mommy tart
actually feeds rock-hard mac rain cheese
and he loves it
so I figured why not try it I don't
think all he's ever tried good
old-fashioned Kraft macaroni and cheese
it's like an American original like a
tradition uh yeah so this is happening
okay I've got boils my hair and getting
blonde hopefully it's getting blonde
and all these crazy lights I'm really
nervous I hope it turns out good but I
was really weird and I feel so weird
fogging it cuz I normally don't fog it
but I showed a picture to Brian he's
like you better blog that that looks so
weird so all of our pretty much hates
macaroni and cheese don't you you ot
Eddy on that will you
I even made it with like less butter and
organic whole milk to like try and make
it a little healthier but he just won't
eat any of it watch this here we go eat
it eat it it just spits it everywhere
maybe he's full from that little fruit
bar I gave him doing a fun little
Twitter giveaway for the new merch at
daily bumps merch calm honestly one of
the biggest things I just want to get
back to you guys I really don't care if
I sell any March I just think it's so
cool that you guys actually want to wear
it like I think that's amazing so
picking a ton of winners it's going
crazy like my phone it's like so slow
okay because my Twitter app is just
going insane like I just sent out this
when I got 170 retweets in less than one
minute I'm like what having a ton of fun
if you guys don't follow me on Twitter
make an account and follow me cuz I do
fun stuff all the time with viewers just
like this okay you're gonna make a mess
aren't ya
are you gonna eat it try eating it with
the spoon alright guys ready for the big
reveal here we go huh all right I love
it not as blond as we wanted to go but
we're gonna I'm gonna come back actually
in like a few weeks or so go blonder but
it's a great start I love the color I
feel like it really blends well I don't
know if you guys didn't really see but
yeah it's a lot lighter it means
definitely lighter so it's not blond but
it's definitely lighter which is what I
wanted and we're gonna go wander and
blonde like lighter and lighter I'm
definitely not gonna ever be blonde I
don't want to be blonde because I feel
like it washes me out and just makes me
look lifts eventually I will be a lot
lighter so I'm excited I really like how
it is we're back together
I like it here out we have to get some
last-minute things for New York I am
going to be on a panel with Louise
sprinkleofglitter which is actually nice
because we know her and we're friends
yeah I'm going to be on it with Timothy
Delicato but he told me on Twitter he
might not be able to make Steve green
comedy who is amazing and Connor Franta
so I'm gonna be on a panel at playlist
and I'm kind of nervous and so I don't
know I was like I need to buy some like
nice clothes that I can wear yeah and
also that I look okay you guys a huge
Christmas tree look like that's actual
that's actually a Christmas tree right
that you need a very big house yeah this
house is that going into I know without
a sorry I'm not a Christmas tree right
well watch that's ready hey guys what
what what there's many different trees
that's so stupid
look at us we have Christmas on the
brain we're like a Christmas
research
you have fun
look who we found wait Missy I'm waiting
for your Santa is hanging out down I
think he just got off break or lunch or
something
the santa has to eat you guys okay
that little kid just got his day made he
is talking to Santa Claus I'm so jealous
trying on clothes what do you guys think
I'm trying we're trying to do like some
layer things so I look a little nicer
what do you say what but uh yeah I think
that kind of adding a collar to your
breaker shirts might be yeah and this
sweater is nice and thin it's not like
super I hate wearing like el mapa or
more layers when they're really thick I
thought at first the weird different
patterns didn't go either but that's
what all on the mannequin oh yeah the
whole like patter I don't know you know
what I'm glad you're here they said
there needs to be a store where there
are only clothes with mannequins on them
everyone looks at the mannequin and
wants those clothes oh yeah that's what
I do I just have no idea what I'm doing
when I go into store I'm just like just
I'll do that yeah and I just get the
whole mannequin ya know and that's what
I do mostly at least even if you don't
do it it's kind of subconscious cuz you
look at it and you're like what Alex
really yeah that I think that there
needs to be a store where there's all
these mannequins and they're all dressed
I'd be like oh loves good I want that
wall off but right there we look at the
mannequins and the mannequin was wearing
this outfit so I went with it oh you was
wearing this I think so really yeah it's
dinner time isn't all whoa sorry I
didn't interrupt you
he's drinking some milk and look what
came out today you guys LittleBigPlanet
3 we picked up a little big planet 3
today and I'm so excited because Missy
and I love a little big planet we
actually be the first one and the second
we played both of them hummus yeah yeah
and so now we're gonna I this is like
the only game we can really play
together on our ps4 so far so I'm gonna
open it there's the game
mm yeah a little bit Clannad three and
it's a little miniature sack boy I know
I thought you could sit right next to
grumpy cat hey that's so good
this head is a little wide why is it so
wide oh he's got a very big smile I
guess huh
good good dirt oh you want to see him
that's a boy hold them it's like even
weird he's weird lugging there is a
sleeping little boy up there I actually
put Olly to sleep tonight which is
something normally Missy does all he's
so cute now when he goes to sleep
because he literally just wants to
cuddle with you for as long as he can
and he will
cuddle up to me when I'm putting him to
sleep like rocking him and he'll fall
asleep in my arms before I actually put
him in the crib and that's how he
prefers it now to go to bed at night
it's like the cutest thing now he's all
nestled tight sleeping away but anyway
it's late so I have to edit like three
videos tonight and then tomorrow we're
packing so we can leave but hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog Missy did put
up a fun video on her channel today so
if you guys want to see that go check it
out have a link below in the description
thank you guys for watching battery's
dead twice BP give this vlog a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and we'll see tomorrow
bye at tri-state you can't play with the
bags kid yes go silly he's all cute
should we get him to meet Santa only
November oh I guess we should wait at
least December yes
are useful too
