bring you why you spinning around in
circles what is he doing right now
you're excited huh
good morning guys another day another
time to vacuum up all of Missy's hair
this is the thing I do every morning
every morning
I will up Missy does her hair here and I
swear I don't know how she has hair on
top of her head still cuz it all just
hits the bathroom floor whenever she's
done anyway good morning guys it's
Saturday quiet because Oliver stay right
there and there is the culprit
good you look great babe look at you
you're like back to normal right yeah
you look good your hair looks good your
makeup looks good your your attire looks
great good I'm gonna go try and get some
new clothes yeah
Missy hasn't been clothes shopping in a
while and we're headed to New York in
like four days Missy four days we're
going to New York and apparently it's
freezing there well I'd be warming this
for all you New Yorkers this is kind of
a light sweater yeah you'd pretty much
you got an undershirt on and tight
you're like actually they're pretty
thick and then food what I need gloves
drainie I'm saying if it was snowing you
would be miserable yeah and it might
actually snow right I'll be cool I'd be
so excited this note it is no I don't
know there right now baby we still have
the welcome Meachem family on this
chalkboard we need to take that off
we have like three chalkboards in this
house now you know that yeah well
actually exist open I guess that one's
in some point too okay I'm out we were
back at the mall I've got my mom with me
and I feel really good today and that's
always good it starts out your shopping
day good I just really want to go and
find some cute clothes for New York and
I want to feel pretty I guess we'll see
what I end up finding but before we go
shopping we're starving right got to eat
got it you look so I think on an empty
stomach
no you can't because you just can't
focus so um yeah I think we're going to
call Frank Pizza Kitchen cuz I don't
think my mom's are been there
yeah she doesn't ever been there and
they have that that's where they
actually made that delicious pesto
creamy pasta thing that Brian now makes
all the time
candy corn Eminem Joe these things are
good
they actually have white chocolate on
the inside and then the outside is candy
corn and I've been munching on them like
all morning haha got Lord of the Rings
on desolation of smaug I still need to
watch these I've watched the first one I
want to rewatch it then I want to watch
this one because the new one is out or
coming out sometime soon right yeah
Missy is shopping and I hope she's doing
better than yesterday I think today was
good for her because she got all gussied
up and sort of felt like her normal self
so she's going to go out and do some
shopping I've been working on shirt
designs coming up with a bunch of
different options I have like twelve
options but I think this is actually
gonna be the final one you out in a
little sneak peak there it is nice and
simple oh and look all these up he's
like let me out go get him cool huh good
come on this way
Holly he's like boxing about hey let
there be light
hey kid young good morning there we go
there go he's like hi bye where do you
doing what's that that's the first toy
that Santa ever gave him you guys when
he met Santa last year around this time
actually he gave him this little
reindeer do you guys remember that do
you remember that Holly you're gonna see
Santa again Hey go say hi to yourself go
say hi and that happened came here for
just like a little bit of
I mean I'm splitting this which was
really good you split up Alex and we see
what a lunch yeah but they also gave us
bread and so we're pretty stuff now but
I don't think I over eight times if you
overeat and you feel gross and you don't
want to like go shopping Esther I didn't
eat that much too much so yeah well
we're gonna go walk around the mall
Ollie is starving and it's lunchtime can
I get a high five for lunch no I am
making all of her a grilled cheese on
this really nice whole-wheat bread and a
mild cheddar and we're gonna see if he
likes it I think he's eating a grilled
cheese before um I think Missy ordered
one when we went out to a restaurant
once and he may have nabbed on it vide
loves cheese
he loves bread so there's a very large
possibility that he won't like this cuz
that's just how babies are yes I know
I'm getting it right now okay buddy look
at this beautiful sandwich you guys he
would have to be crazy to not like this
look at that cheese gooey YUM
all right Oliver this is a meal that you
can take bites up or I can give you
bites of so you got to tell me how you
want to eat it okay there is a bite no
Ollie look it's cheesy okay here here
here I'll give you a big piece you can
take bites of this yourself yeah mmm I
was a good grilled cheese mmm look out
cheese yet as you want one of your own
here go you pointed out it that you
wanted it
going on eat
yeah take a bite he's eating it all
you're eating it I'm so proud of you
likes it it took some convincing but he
likes it today has so far been somewhat
of a success and I'm less emotional so
it's working out a little bit better
let's have my mom which she actually can
tell me the truth she'd be like you know
it doesn't look good or yeah it looks
good you know what I mean you have to
have like a good person to go shopping
with but actually found something at H&M
so yay and I'm also trying on some stuff
she's got like some pants in this cute
little leather jacket not real leather
but really nice so I'm gonna transfer
stuff at actually JCPenney which they
have some weird sections but they also
have some really nice sections we're
kind of in a weird section yeah like all
these red sweaters really awesome news
they're playing Christmas music and I'm
really happy about it my mom what are
your feeling ready she's not ready she
says it doesn't feel like Christmas but
is never gonna feel like Christmas
unless you make it Christmas did we live
in California it doesn't get really get
cold or you know snowy so you have to
make it get to make yourself feel like
Christmas Mary looking around hopefully
I find something I'll show you guys a
couple cute outfits when I get in the
dressing room so I guess I'm trying
something new with Ollie he was getting
quite bored in his chair and he's the
slowest eater in the world so I'm
letting him walk around and eat and I
totally would probably normally not let
him eat on these couches but we may be
getting rid of them soon so 3 2 1 ha ha
I think I got one shoe out that I really
like and so here mommy show
all right so first on the boot so I
actually just got these boots and I want
to try them on with this outfit because
I like love it so much ok and then I got
these I'm gonna get I think this suit
here so don't have a lot of skirts like
this thank you
ok yeah I got the skirt and then I got
this I think I'm gonna get this shirt
it's kind of like a pop of color and
then the cute little jacket that goes
with it what are you guys like this is
like one of my cute outfits that I got
and I like the way it's cool like Q is
pretty and new yorky I don't know gotta
go
I'm up but not really I know I mom and
dad's just came back to drop my mom off
and I'm he's sitting here hanging out
like clear bear hi do hi my sister just
found his bunny Claire loves this thing
as a baby he would sleep on it he would
suck on it like you know how they do
that like they like um what's it called
like they nurse on it almost he left his
mom pretty early so he was kind of a
baby but my sister just found it and
brought it out and he is so happy right
now
like he's literally cuddling up to it
and he was just sleeping on it I kind of
ripped it out and he actually almost
started nursing on it right Cass
he's the weirdest guy he's a very very
sweet cat he's too nice that's the thing
he wants you to cut and he wants you to
pet him all the time he wants you to sit
with him all the time he wants he wants
you to pet him so much that he'll start
to drool
cuz he's like he doesn't want to swallow
or something it's the weirdest thing
ever
he's just like in heaven huh him and
karma get along but karma chases him
like all day long he just wants a bully
amar just kind of play with him and like
push him around and stuff but you're a
kitty me and Bryan got him before we got
married actually
he's had him a long time even before
karma Holly look who's home it's mama
and she's all dressed up in some fancy
new clothes I just oh yeah I didn't find
everything because I wanted to save it
you got all dressed up we're gonna go
and try and see Santa Santa's coming to
town please come into our town tonight
Oh give this why you spinning around in
circles what is he doing right mom oh
you're excited to see Santa huh just
rhyme out again
I am back at the mall but this time
we're just coming here because this is
worth tree lighting and Santa is and all
that anyways here we're headed to the
Christmas tree lighting I'm really
excited because it's like yeah we didn't
turn left up here
I hear the crunch is gonna be no you see
look all these pictures I know I have a
beauty in the booth Street it's all Olaf
and Elsa thank you yeah they have a lot
of really really cool and created trees
over here actually for charity so cool
all these people here to see Santa
yeah
Oh
cool
I don't think they knew their spyware
scare the little
make it feel like Christmas we pretty
fake snow I used to work in the snow and
like snow yeah
Californians right now like all like so
psychic Arthur's big no it's in your
second your hair
Oh
that's right in the middle of it so
basically our mall did like that huge
celebration and fireworks and stuff
because Santa's here never ones already
lined up there is you remember when you
met him he was playing with that little
reindeer thing today that was like a
year ago babe it's crazy and that is all
she wrote ladies and gentlemen it was a
long day but a really fun one I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog if you did
click the thumbs up button if you want
to see Missy's new video I'll have a
link to below and also the one year ago
vlog is linked below so check that out
as well thank you guys for watching and
we'll see you tomorrow bye then
and now we're done
tops really easy ha well you placed a
little bit deflated horrible I needed
like stinging or it's like yeah I kind
of stuck a little bit
he's away
