good morning guys
all those down for his nap and I've been
working like crazy I actually have
already went out of the house I went to
Target and had to take back something
because it didn't wasn't the right size
I had to like get a couple things but
we're like almost done decorating like I
would say I've I'm done decorating
except for obviously we need a Christmas
tree which I'm waiting a little bit
longer for that my video on Wednesday
will be up and I'm gonna go through all
the details of everything I decorated
but I will show you my dorks and quite
proud of it so here's my door ready
wait God lock it ah there it is
isn't that cool car mistake don't go
anywhere
dude um that is my door I love it I
actually made that bow which I think it
looks really pretty
um the seasons here I put this on it to
kind of you know cover up any flaws
around this area which actually turned
out really nice so I'm so happy with it
I love it I just need to look so pretty
and like fun like you walk you go to my
house and you're like oh that looks fun
I want to go in there and also actually
going to make like a to-and-from sign
and I'll probably put like two deaths
from the landings or something like that
these little boogers are everywhere
right now I'm actually in the middle of
sweeping where did my boom go oh there
it is no sleeping because I just have
bringing things everywhere and I have to
be careful cuz all over puts everything
in his mouth alright guys so today we
have a very busy filming schedule and so
we have some help
hello
oh they're in here what is going on in
here are you terrorizing the room dude
you got your stuffed animals and your oh
thank you thank you so much for this I
appreciate that
we got Cassie here watching Olly while
we get everything shot me see just
finish the video and now we're going to
one more you get to be a part of this
cool new video we're gonna do okay is
that cool this is cool
how are you bribing him with writs he
loves me because of it this is how you
know I just got done filming a cooking
video I didn't see that this is
ridiculous we have not baked anything
today you have a lot of cheesecake mix
your knives I know
oh yeah that's totally fine you got
plenty hey baby
you're right you don't cute what is in
your mouth ones eating Ritz crackers oh
there's got done cooking a pumpkin
cheesecake swirl umm pumpkin swirl Punk
it's real cheesecake it's in the oven
right now I'm like really nervous that
it's not gonna turn out it doesn't even
really look how I wanted it to
that's okay I think it's going to be
delicious either way I think it's a
testament to help brave you are by doing
a pumpkin swirl cheesecake for the first
time on cam it's so true yeah um I don't
know we'll see I'm so nervous about it I
would really hope it turns out okay
here's the thing guys we spent all day
filming for Missy's new video her new
baking video and it basically took
forever it's a long process yeah so many
little details that you want to get into
the video quickly so it might take it
took us probably two hours yeah film
with all the preparation and it's really
gonna be like a five minute video yeah
it took a long time we weren't expecting
it and we are 30 minutes away from
sunset so we wanted to film in this room
actually a really cool video that's why
we got some Christmasy things here in
the background we got I put the
Nutcracker behind the tree because all
he loves playing with the Necker and
look at him he's dressed up all cute for
the video
we all are we're all ready to shoot the
video but we can't because the Sun is
setting and this is just totally like
YouTube's life right here this is just
things we have to deal with 30
way too early it's crazy we could
probably let them know what we're doing
right yeah so if you guys didn't know we
are going to be doing some pretty cool
collaborations with cool school and we
are doing two episodes of the story
circle so we already shot one episode
it's gonna be up in a few months I think
but this episode we're actually gonna be
doing the night before Christmas so it's
a classic I'm excited that they chose us
to do like a big Christmas episode for
them and we leave on Thursday for new go
yeah so we're also trying to get things
done before we leave on Thursday cuz
we're going to New York City
a lot of asking why we were in New York
City if you want to tell them oh yeah if
you guys don't know why we're going to
be or we're going for playlist live so
they're gonna play this live in the
tri-state area and so we're like ten
minutes away from Manhattan technically
we fly into New Jersey and yeah in like
the tri-state area um but it's like
really close to New York so we at least
stay here because that's where we plan
to hang out a lot yeah so forgot yeah
that's a little thing what are you doing
kid um I think they still have tickets
available so if you want yeah we're
having a meet-up
we probably aren't gonna do a meet up
outside of playlist just because our
last one was kind of a disaster and so
we want to stick with inside of playlist
so get tickets go come meet us we want
to see you guys yes if you are in the
New York area there are a few more
tickets left but they're very very
limited so I would say get them now for
playlist live tri-state you can't play
with the bags kid hmm ready
group effort it's so silly he's all cute
should we get him to meet Santa only
eight November oh I guess we should wait
so least December yeah yeah
are useful to do that oli oh my gosh
that was very bad that was very very
naughty did he leave a mark
oh my gosh he left a little mark Missy
he clearly did not like it tired of it
Cassie yeah what are you doing
push push push please do it like
basically made her get into the car I'm
surprised she actually was able to get
that far I thought you've got to be in a
little bit of pain here this is the
first time that he's gotten on it by
himself and done it he's always so
afraid and he just like randomly started
doing it yay oh my gosh he figured it
out this is the coolest thing ever
hey you ran into me kid we're off to
take Cassie home she distracted no I was
just like I just pointed it to and
you're like yeah Oliver is kind of upset
we are all starving
it's 5:30 and it's like pitch black out
and kind of stuff I don't
Cass comments so early and pitch dark
out look at this winter wonderland not
really though I feel like today was like
long stressful but we got a lot done
and now we're headed over here to go
look at the truth how do they make a
sparkle like that no oh it's got hard to
do that I know right oh it's got these
big bulbs on it babe and they like flash
it's crazy in the camera it just looks
like all sparkly look at that it's a big
old tree what do you think Maggie
cookies
we stopped to grab some ice creams from
baskin-robbins we're trying to teach him
how to cheat ice cream ready a league
like this try it
mmm he's got his tongue there you go oh
yeah he did it
he's like barely gets any of it just
kick it you kiss it killing me screen
showing me this all day right now yeah
he basically just like kisses the ice
cream getting a bath ready for Olli and
here he is in the shower you want to use
the Waterpik come on again this is
already in a robe yeah the clothes come
up fast when I get home yeah pretty much
I wish I had a robe I could just rip all
my clothes off and and get into pretty
bummed that my tiger off is in the
washer right house yeah the new merch
store is alive ladies and gentlemen so
daily bumps merch calm I'll have a link
below in the description you can check
out some of the designs we have we have
shirts and phone cases and hoodies also
I totally forgot about hoodies I'm going
on this really cool design on all the
shirts
it says daily bumps and then it's got a
little animated people on it and the
phone cases are really cool these are
premium cases so they're super good
quality really fun design and we have
them for the iPhone 6 the iPhone 5 5 s
iPhone 4 4 s the Samsung Galaxy s5 the
s4 and the s3 and and the iPhone 5c so
we have cases for all of those phones
are really cool we got some hoodies for
men's women even a kid's hoodie we got
toddler shirts kids shirts a little baby
romper some really really cool stuff so
go check it out and actually starting
today on the 18th there is a new promo
code I'll have below in the description
if you enter the code spree 10 it'll
actually give you $10 off your purchase
of $50 or more this is a promotion that
spread shirts running because I can't
really run any my own promotions so that
is the best deal that you can get right
now so I think if you get like a hoodie
and a phone case you can actually get 10
bucks off of your order also I will add
to that on these shirts
I have them default as gray because I
think that the artwork looks really
awesome on this really cool gray but
they have tons of colors so if you click
in here you can see you can actually get
this in gray you can get it in pink red
blue I'm really excited about the new
merch store but I'm gonna go ahead and
end today's vlog mici just put all over
to bed we had a really long day we leave
on Thursday for New York and we still
have a couple things that we have to do
before we leave so it's kind of like
gonna be crunch time for us next couple
of days so hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog though if you did give it a big fat
thumbs up and come see us tomorrow
because we're gonna be doing the same
thing okay alright fine with your stick
how I'm going to cut this and this into
yeah I don't know what to do babe maybe
take a pencil and try and outline it and
then take like a razor and cut it super
like close you know I haven't think it
she just did a full 360 okay that's it
