and Oliver is working on this part right
now does it need an oil change
all right ladies and gentlemen moment of
truth duh
she works yay good morning people of the
Internet's how are you you know what
today is kind of a gloomy day and here's
the deal I think Missy overexerted
herself yesterday we did a lot yesterday
a lot of walking you were driving a
whole lot and I think she kind of
overdid it so today we are going to take
a step back and slow down a little and
it's funny because it's it's kind of
like a gloomy day out it's like cold
it's like sixty-five there's a lot of
clouds in the sky it's a little bit grey
and so it just seems right it seems like
the the universe is telling us hey take
today and slow down so that's what we
are going to do right Tommy right yeah I
know Missy won't tell me but I'm pretty
sure she overdid herself also I'm pretty
sure the hormones she's taking are
making her kind of emotional so today
will be a good day for that so just so
she can just sort of relax and not have
to worry about a whole lot of things I
know she wants to film a video for her
channel today though if that's up that
will be in the link below in the
description she's just gonna do a little
update about her surgery and how she's
recovering but you know I may be gloomy
but it's still beautiful out here
still a nice day in sunny Southern
California even though there's no Sun
this reminds me of Idaho you know in
Idaho we would go months without seeing
the Sun and it would just be like this
would be cloudy and dreary and you know
that's actually it that's actually a
real term used to describe stuff you
guys ever describe stuff like that
hello hello there cute little boy in
here good morning buddy
good morning buddy look at your hair
he's cut yeah I know
here's crazy huh he has been waking up
with his hair like a lot nicer cuz it is
shorter but today I don't know what
happened what happened you ready to get
up oh yeah Olly come say hi to your mom
hello why are we in a bag go say hi to
mom she don't feel good no you died
karma this isn't yours to chew up okay
it's Ali's sorry come on man oh man oh
yeah yeah come on hi hi hi not morning
don't lie don't lie did you with the
camera
hopefully not I look just terrible today
I it's one of those days you guys I
think I'm having I don't know I don't
know how to talk right now
I'm getting ready to film a video I put
on some makeup do my hair got dressed
slightly slightly because I'm wearing
Fox socks these weird pants where you
can see my weird bag and I'm in the room
ready to film huh he's been giving me
lots of kisses day I just I don't know
what's wrong with me today I honestly
think that I am taking so many hormones
that it's like really messing with me
because I obviously just like feel like
I'm on the verge of tears even right now
and like all day today I don't know
what's wrong with me whoa
nothing's wrong I'm just really
emotional and I don't know why I think I
just empty I was on like a birth control
that I had to stop because my doctor
told me to and then I've been on so many
like I'm on tons of estrogen and all
this stuff that I'm like really
emotional and I'm not that way like I'm
not a very like I'm pretty like
level-headed person most of the time no
matter what and today I just woke up and
I was like I just I don't know
everything was different I don't know
as long as to why I don't take birth
control the first place I feel like I
get this like cloud when I take like
certain hormones um so I don't know
today's just one of those days and I
probably should not even really do a
video come on don't do that but I really
want to do a video because I want to
kind of talk about my experience with
the my surgery and then I want to talk
about like how I'm feeling you know so I
want to but in order to do a video I
have to do my makeup and do my hair and
have to get dressed and while I'm doing
that I'm like how do I look like this
yeah and then I don't know either when
I'm done with my video I'm going to lay
on the couch some more or I'm gonna try
and get out of the house and maybe
that'll help
but um yeah I don't know what's wrong
today I'm just I guess everyone has
these days I very rarely spend the day
just laying on the couch and I kind of
did that and I guess it felt good I
watched a lot I story and I enjoyed it
Holly you're the cutest thing ever you
always make me happy yeah you always
make me huh oh my karma he's been like a
very good buddy today - karma has been
very good huh betta - good boy you've
been so good - that has been helping a
lot he's actually Brian's been taking
care of all of her like all day and just
like really letting me relax but I was
like Brian I have to do a video I'm
gonna get up I'm gonna do a video so I
think I did this video so if you want to
watch me cry my eyes out or something on
this video go check out my channel I
don't know what I talked about but maybe
it was interesting go check it out it'll
be linked below I'm gonna go
now that's an excavator yeah and that's
a dirt thing okay there's hay grapple
bucket uh Oliver is obsessed in this mud
okay so citrus lane sent us this book
and I'm gonna be honest there is not a
lot going on in it I mean there's
literally just this word and then that
word it is so weird
but he loves it like he's obsessed with
this book he every time he sees he he
picks it up and he brings over to me he
sits down he wants me to read it there's
not even like reading involved there's
just words steering wheel Ripper and
there's actually multiple times that the
same word is said like though they'll
say here's a wheel and then like there's
a wheel there again like Ollie are you
working on your car what's wrong with it
Wibbly just taking out the trash and
Oliver is working on this car right now
does it need an oil change
hey I changing your car's oil he's like
this he actually likes going into tight
spaces like this like cabinets and under
toys there we go
how are you saving monkey is that what
you're doing baby we've logged much
today I don't think so
I don't think we've logged very much
today you guys today was kind of an off
day I just made dinner I made this penne
pasta with the pesto and the shrimp and
the chicken is this is this your
favorite meal that I make no feel like I
it's one of my favorites yeah she
requested it and she hasn't been having
the greatest day so I made a corner and
I cooked the shrimp really good
sometimes I overcook the shrimp the best
you've ever mean I know they're like
mouth watering the shrimp I love shrimp
hopefully oli will eat some too
if you like open his mouth and like put
it if he doesn't know what to do miss
here I'll take away the spoon because I
think the spoon is confusing him dig in
buddy mmm
a young veal mmm I was just going to the
bathroom while he was taking a bath
because the bathrooms right there and I
come back and I find his talent hear
what he had to say about yourself
hmm here's a silly so Oliver is taking a
bath getting ready for bed oh you ring
for bed you see my Fox did you see my
Fox socks you can stick my feet in here
usually always stick my feet in the bath
but I'm not today anyways guys actually
we've been spending all day talking
about me and my feelings and stuff and
if you don't know today was actually
Veterans Day and normally we try and do
something like go down to the park and I
usually have like all the flags up for a
lot of the vets hub who are either
gone um or just uh either in Iraq or
back her just like a vet you know so we
didn't really get a chance to do that
today but I just want to say a big thank
you to all of our current and past
veterans you guys are amazing and we
love you guys I always like Veterans Day
just because my grandpa served in um we
have a lot of family members that served
in the in the military and stuff so yeah
if you're not from America that today
was kind of that day to kind of just
thank our current and past veterans and
say yeah all these very bubbles right
now don't what are you doing I think
you're drinking it okay anyways guys I'm
going to go ahead and end the vlog I'm
gonna just put this kid to bed and then
just chill again for the rest of the
night I give the ball a thumbs up if you
did enjoy it and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
Oh little one and this is the hardest
part about making an omelet
Ollie is it flipping it over so it's all
common oh there's a kid in there
Karma's like flower Oh careful the bag
careful the bag this okay is getting so
much easier
