Oh
good evening guess what I have makeup on
I'm close on I will catch Boyd decent
hair is kind of done um yeah I'm feeling
pretty good today it is a wonderful
wonderful Sunday karma chameleon gives
us to me give it to me give it to Nate
not gonna fight with him right yes dad
dog huh
karma that's so annoying come in as you
see we've got the family over my mom and
dad brother and sister over there
playing a game getting ready to play a
game we just had hey it delicious dinner
that Bryan cooked up for us thank you
Brian for cooking so good
word up um but yeah we're just hanging
out I'm feeling really good today I
actually haven't even taken any
ibuprofen today I that's how good I've
been feeling so I do have to take other
medication just to help with other
things but I'm going to show you a
little part of my bag look at this look
at this I won't show you any more to the
rest guys maybe hear me you can see the
outline yeah here's my outline of the
bag has a bag attached to her yeah and
yeah it's gross
it's really gritty but uh yeah it's I
mean and this is like where you would
drain it yeah basically it's we don't
have to drain it so that's a good thing
but um it's pretty gross it screws I
finally found a waste that wasn't
uncomfortable cuz they had it like
straps this side of my leg and so I know
we're like wobbling yeah I couldn't like
watch all the frames gonna pull her so
now go right here until just
so big and annoying it's not at all what
I was expecting but in a parent it used
to do I only have to do this for like
till Friday and she's gonna she's you're
gonna go throughout the week and they're
gonna take it off and you'd be like I
missed the bag attached to my way I
don't think this week is just like a
rubber band around each oh really it's
like it kind of grabs like little hairs
and yeah it just pulls my skin like if I
turn in the sleep like it makes my skin
link twist comfortable but you look cute
she actually got dressed and did your
hair look at this but you didn't really
good bun - mm-hmm I'm said mom dad get
over here we're having dinner we're
gonna hang out we're gonna have fun look
they're already starting today is a
definitely lazy Sunday we have done
nothing except for we just made dinner
and I was basically it so we got this
game they actually sent it to us you
guys it's called bounce off and it's
like Cassie thought it was like beer
pong she would know uh-huh uh-huh Cassie
thought of this beer pong and it's not
it's just like um yeah it's a really
easy game no you have these cards and
everyone's got like a different color
ball so there's two teams you guys so
pick your teams and then you have to
bounce it on the table and into the
board game to form this pattern yeah
just like that
and you guys Oliver is really freaking
good at this can we put her in the chair
and show him he throws the ball at
runner to like Oh instead of get it in
the on the game board yeah but one two
boom all right seriously it's really
weird he did it like four times today
all right ollie safety first
you really wants these lawns all right
ah we grab a ball and throw it oh that's
so close I think he likes the sound yes
oh and that one's gone
I'm surprised we still have all these
with a toddler and a dog okay
oops I'd there is something about this
satisfying click it like when it clicks
into it you know cuz it's yeah and
everywhere let's actually play though we
actually like trying it in the design
these little balls are gonna be the
death of me okay so it'll be Gemini
against Cassie and Jimmy what color we
can be yellow so they gave you these
cool little plate things I'm missing one
mom's Italian oh we're missing a ball Oh
about it we found a ball okay Jimmy what
what are the rules how do you do it just
take turns and okay so Cassie and Jimmy
picture okay all right good like putting
aside your muscle look at i'ma just pick
one I don't do this one okay well do
this one so now the Jimmy and cows are
going to take charge Allison to be doing
that one trying to make that Tiger
Cassie so you just need to get three in
a row ones in the negev wait
way you can actually block each other
but we have to line up our our own color
yeah yeah okay what can we have for we
gotta get in they only have to put three
now it's my fault when I threw the card
okay go go Cass hey Jimmy hey so are we
supposed to get that pattern you're
working on your own okay boyo go and
live it later in the middle Jimmy
oh no he's supposed to go up and down no
I don't matter there's no way to do that
okay you go Jim triangle square right
there
no geez Jim come on oh okay we have
three different squares going on
obviously I suck at this game Missy are
you good at here get in for me one thing
you guys should know about Missy and
board games is she always you guys it's
pretty much well it's pretty much
well-known that Missy always cheats
right Jimmy cheeks - Jimmy cheeks I know
she cheated hey I did this one what what
is this one hi looks like five fall
that's going to suggest get misty all
right I thought this was supposed to be
a family game all right here we go
don't let them do their thing Lea always
trying to okay it's funny because we
were at his um 15 month update
appointment singing update it's not an
update and she's like be wary because he
will start climbing and we're like oh
yeah he's been doing that for like two
months now today he actually pulled out
one drawer stood in it pulled out the
other door and went to step in it I'm
like you're creating like a little scary
a cause trouble so that's what he's been
doing wait did you get it anywhere it's
interesting though it's like a different
game right you could hit it any further
anyway we're just having like a lazy
Sunday hanging out with family eating
lots of food unless he's still healing
up hopefully tomorrow maybe we actually
might leave the house and go do
something or I think she wants to hang
out with her cousin - maybe so that's it
you guys
lazy Sunday turned into one take Sunday
still drinking this stuff yeah it's
still good you guys enjoyed today's vlog
give it a thumbs up and we'll see you
guys come out what's going on oh yes
Holly all I can you say bye bye say bye
oh you're all blurry
okay bye bye scissors that had a camera
attached to them right yeah so they had
a camera attached to the scissors like
as he's cutting and they also had like
an ultrasound machine they were taking
pictures of and watching the whole
process yeah so yeah it's pretty gnarly
things happen in your phone so now we
just pray for a good healing that way
there's no scar tissue because that can
you know risk miscarriage I mean that
and that's why I'm taking a lot of
estrogen pills and I'm also have the
bulb in my uterus to hold it separate it
apart so it doesn't like peel together
so all the things that I'm doing now is
basically to help my healing so that
when I do get pregnant
it minimizes my risk of miscarriage even
more you're just making sure that the
next baby has a nice
Warren tell room to grow a very nice
large room and lots of space to wiggle
not like this guy your little tiny space
huh
no care not fair bathtime Polly take us
back point event used to
