your carriage awaits he's like really I
gotta ride in that thing
Sega morning ah good morning buddy how
you doing this morning Joe good nap you
sleep good your hair looks good
oh you're rubbing your eyes you tired
again maybe hey guys how's it going so
today
Missy's having another rough day so I'm
gonna take Olly and we're gonna get some
stuff done
I got his bag all packed excuse me sir
yeah Missy gave me a very long list of
things to do and things that we need to
buy oh and I just realized I left my
Gatorade sitting on the car so I'm
probably gonna need that to feel CI
Missy gave me a big a long list of
things I need to get look at one line I
was giving her a hard time just stuff
she's like yeah and you know this
letting some stuff and they need some
more this but really I knew we needed a
bunch of stuff and I told her do you
want meters take Ollie so you can get
some peace and quiet time and try and
relax a little just cuz she's not she's
having a rough couple days when dis
recovery you guys and I just thank you
guys through always leaving happy
positive comments below and thinking
about us and praying for her cuz she
needs it right now she's kind of down
and out but we'll get there crap I think
I need the key this always happens right
and Rob or so I thought I forgot my
wallet now I'm headed back good day
good morning good evening good
everything I don't know all the days and
times are all blending together now um
how are you guys today Brian actually
just took Oliver off and out to the
store karma just brought me Mickey even
though he was just sacked out but once I
start vlogging I'm feeling okay today
still not quite myself I'm still you
know just don't really feel like myself
but I'm getting closer to Friday which
is good because closer I get to Friday
is sooner I get this bag out of me which
is what I really want to get feel like
once I get the bloody bag
me I will feel so much better because
I'll be able to just like I don't know
move without something attached to me
it's just gross and ugly and yes kind of
spending another day relaxing I'm just
so thankful I have a husband who is here
and willing and able to help me and take
care of Olli and just let me relax and
so so nice because I don't feel like a
lot of you know not everyone has that
option not every you know girl has that
option it's really nice I'm really
really lucky and actually I think my
mom's coming over to hang out with me is
nice she always cheers me up been in
town with my doggie actually he's
getting a haircut tomorrow
yay I can't wait to shave all this part
there's so much hurt it's so long it's
so long and ridiculous and hairy and it
gets on everything what did I tell you
guys my mom knows exactly how to cheer
me up she got two chocolate over the
Kings from jack-in-the-box and this is a
living like my favorite thing ever so
yay check this out you guys ollie has
hit a breakthrough
are you eating chicken um he hasn't been
eating chicken for the longest time his
doctor actually said he might not like
it so try fried chicken so his doctor
told him let him try fried chicken so I
got fried chicken cuz he hasn't eaten
lunch yet and he is snacking on it yeah
now let's try and find another one of
those cups for you just getting some
shop and done finally all settled he's
happy do you see the cool cup that you
like I don't see it I do not see it here
at Target I think we got it from Babies
R Us but oh wait is that it no that's
not it
sorry kid thanks for being such a good
guy while we're out doing stuff for Mama
Mama's getting lots of relaxation karma
what is going on
he is really excited because my sister
had this great idea where she wanted to
take him home or take him to her house
and he is so excited right now he's like
oh my god oh my god you're gonna go
I get it go I mean he loves it
here but he really loves it I do
technically anyhow that doesn't have a
oliver is basically a vacation for him
because he just can sleep whereas when
he's with oliver he's either got to play
with oliver avoid oliver run from oliver
so he's getting he wants to go on a
little vacation huh
he can't even focus gently okay bite mmm
you were kiss
haha keeping i'm done karma come here is
kissing you I guess mmm barely nothing
okay Erica yeah Oh who's steering the
cart who's steering the car oh I got it
you guys we survived I survived trip
shopping through Target got everything
on my list with Ollie alone unassisted
that's a breakthrough I think and he is
happiest complete got a real target
sticker even a little chilly out here
and he's got no shooters but so I don't
know if you guys can tell but it is so
gloomy out here like it feels like fall
finally and I say finally but honestly
it's probably just these couple days and
then we'll have a day where it's super
hot maybe we're done with the hot days
we're almost home huh we've got a long
day thanks he was such a good boy
weren't you thanks for being such a good
boy he's so happy your carriage awaits
he's like really I got a ride in that
thing I just want to say too before we
take off a big special shout-out to
single parents out there single moms
single dads Ollie agrees with me I know
there's probably a lot of you out there
who watch our Channel who are single
parents and making it work and I just
commend you guys because anytime I go
out like this with a Ollie anytime I go
out with this with Ollie without Missy I
just like I feel the struggle you know
I'm like wow you know some people they
have to deal with us every every day and
I feel so blessed to be able to have
Missy to be able to help me okay he's
ready he's gotta go home I just wanted
to say that shout out to all the single
parents out there if you are a single
parent though leave a comment below
there are a lot of different types of
families out there I think we should
commend all types of families I'm
sitting here
and I am reading comments which
sometimes on days like this I probably
shouldn't read the comments because I
get a little bit more frustrated than I
should I just see this really long
thread about like I would say it's kind
of personal stuff but it's just talking
about Brian's dad and our family members
and who likes who and what's going on
and all this stuff and people are just
saying a lot of things that are either
aren't true or it's just kind of like
annoying me right now and so I'm going
to answer some questions right now for
one thing it's it's it's frustrating
because people can have questions all I
want what's annoying is when people make
up things or they try and create more
drama than there actually is because
there's no drama at all that's going on
is Brian still in contact with his dad
yes he is but we obviously don't talk a
lot because we're not extremely close to
him because we only met him a few months
ago and when we do talk to him and if we
do you know hang out with him and stuff
we may not even always vlog it just
because it is actually a very real
situation and we never want our new
family members to feel like every time
we talk that we're going to put it on
the Internet you know what I mean it's
it's actually such a real thing that we
aren't going to constantly talk about it
because they don't really even know us
that well and we don't know them that
what if we were to you know have them
over or go over there we may not really
even vlog it and that's just like the
honest truth I think it's really cool
that you guys got to be involved in that
whole thing and you guys got to see him
and you guys got to be a really really
important part of our lives but it's
also not something that we're going to
constantly talk about a lot kind of
frustrating when people like to make up
drama or like create stories that aren't
true at all and normally I overlook it
and I'm not saying that like I'm not
overlooking like it's still just
whatever like people couldn't say what
they want that's fine but anything else
like no one doesn't like anyone we all
love each other we're all family Brian's
mom lives in Idaho so we don't always
get to hang out with her but we talk to
her often
and my family members live here so we
hang out with them often I think it's
just annoying I'm like sitting here and
I'm reading through these comments and
I'm like what is going on why are people
saying all these things if anything new
comes up I will let you know but
everything's great with Brian's family
on dad's side and his mom's side and
hopefully soon we will actually be
getting together with him and this isn't
like a message to the haters anything
like that I just thought you know I'm
reading through these comments and
getting a little annoyed I thought I
just say something I also really hope
that conversation didn't come off as
sort of condescending it at all
whatsoever I wasn't meaning to you know
attack anyone who was in the comments if
you have questions that's perfectly fine
to ask questions and sometimes we'll
answer them sometimes we maybe just
won't answer them because we feel like
that's too private mainly I was just
getting frustrated with people who are
just creating more things or like oh
well it's probably because of this or
probably because of that it's probably
none of those things and it probably is
probably nothing at all like I said it's
just you know some things are kind of
private
hello oh hey what are you doing in there
you keep getting stuck this is not the
first time this has happened dude
he climbs up on the second one oh there
we go
you just climbed right in there and
that's totally just like his personality
he just likes being in tight spaces yeah
he loves to climb things I should
probably put a baby walk on it but it's
kind of cute it's kind of here there's
nothing bad in there so I just played
through a some advanced warfare online
for the first time and I streamed it to
twitch because I got one of these bad
boys it's a Playstation I really I
should have got it when I got the
console like months ago because it's
kind of like it's kind of like a fun
accessory to have like when the xbox
came out they actually shipped it with
the Kinect camera like right out of the
box and it's cool cuz like it like does
your face and the and the game so I had
like I think I had like 60 of you at one
point watching me play advanced warfare
and it was like the funnest thing ever
so if you guys ever want to watch me
stream games I have a twitch now it's
twitch.tv slash Brian landing or if
you're just following me on Twitter I'll
always just like announce like hey I'm
going to be live streaming on Twitch for
a while but that was honestly so much
fun and I like surprised myself with how
well I did on a Call of Duty advanced
warfare
I was not not expecting that and I did
pretty dang good thank you very much but
anyway do you guys see this I still have
the chalkboard all Halloween I'm gonna
do that tonight
I promise I'm gonna end the vlog here if
you guys enjoyed it click the thumbs up
button all that cool stuff if you
haven't seen Missy did a surgery
recovery update but you guys want to
watch that I'll have that linked below
also the one your vlog is linked below
if you guys wanna see what we're doing
one year ago if you guys enjoyed today's
vlog give a thumbs up and we will see
you guys tomorrow and you will see
what this wall looks like tomorrow's I
have no idea what I'm gonna do
hopefully it's cool so I don't let you
guys down okay bye oh nothing wrong I'm
just really emotional and I don't know
why I think I just empty I was on like a
birth control that I just had to stop
because my doctor told me to and then
I've been on so many like I'm on tons
estrogen and all the stuff that I'm like
really emotional and I'm not that way
like I'm not a very like I'm pretty like
level-headed person
