if you aglow closer you can see where
the darker circles are those bad as my
uterus it is supposed to look also
straight but as you can see there is a
division right in the center of my
uterus I have a full septum and it was
most likely the reason as to why I was
losing my pregnancies then why should
officers say it was like a miracle that
he made it to 37 yeah for now that they
know the problem cannot like they can
plan that they actually were able to see
that I'm a perfect candidate to have it
fixed all my doctors have agreed is time
to do surgery we need to remove the
septum from and just hopefully hope for
the best and maybe that'll help with my
future pregnancies
good morning you guys today is the big
day we got Cassie and her friends who
are gonna watch Ollie and Missy's mom is
actually gonna drive us to the hospital
because last night I broke out in hives
and so I have benadryl and I don't want
to fall asleep okay yeah it's really bad
it's everywhere it's really itchy and
uncomfortable hey Superman we got to go
Mama's gonna have a surgery here babe
really it wasn't like a crazy mess oh my
gosh all right take care of him you guys
all right today is the day we're headed
out to the hospital and get my surgery I
definitely didn't sleep great honestly I
had a lot of like bad threes a lot of
I think you know how when you go and
like half-asleep half-awake and you're
kind of stressed now and I gotta tell
you poop it's good to say that like I
was so stressed all night that that's
pretty much my life to the nervous poop
and the nervous - yeah so today is the
big day I am slightly nervous I'm just
mainly nervous when you get into a
hospital it just becomes really like
real and like a lot of emotions and
actually already have anxiety when I go
into hospitals because not a lot of
great things have happened to me in
hospitals except for that I had a baby
one time but the other times have not
been wonderful and so even when I walk
into like a doctor's office and I see an
ultrasound machine my heart like will
stop and all I get really stressed out
it's kind of like not looking forward to
like the realness of it all but I'm
excited to get the surgery over what
that's what I'm excited for it I know a
lot of people are new and I get
questions all the time why are you
having a surgery what's wrong with you
I'm gonna have all the videos link below
I'm talking about talking about this for
over a year now and is a big deal in
business
like my entire future right here I kinda
at this point told myself if for any
reason something happens and I'm like
they make it so I can't have babies
anymore I would rather that that doesn't
go through another pregnancy and
possibly lose another baby although I
don't think that anything is gonna
happen I think that they're gonna fix me
up and I'm gonna have great successful
pregnancies after this I'm guessing at
this point I'm willing to risk it
because I just can't go through any more
losses if you guys are wondering anymore
what is going on just check the links
down below watch some videos and you'll
probably figure it out pretty easily but
yeah it's happening today get in the
surgery and I'm gonna have more babies
well don't you look attractive you've
got a nice warm blanket they just
offered to blow up warm air in your gown
which other thing please go thank you
here we okay look at this bad boy you're
such a trooper babe sometimes well one
time when they did it I see it took like
six times it was like the worst
experience of my life but this time she
knows in my hand yeah gave her a real
prick and then she just stuck it in a
big deal I still I get really
like everything yeah yeah yeah we do
have Missy's mom here she's holding on
to the Rings I'm now engaged your mom
how's that make you feel I get very
emotional it's like my mom or Brian is
in here like they both have to be here
at all times so at one point they only
like Brian had to come back here though
I mom and I started getting like really
panic eeling I don't know I'm gonna be
okay babe you're gonna be okay look at
this cute little Paul you got on your
gown it's cool it's almost you almost
look as cute as this thing right here
Cassie just sent this picture of all he
says good luck and I love your mom I
love this hat on you babe looks great
she's got a nice little cocktail they're
getting you all ready take good care of
her mom love you baby
do good kay
all right so she just went in she was
feeling pretty anxious and I think she's
feeling a lot better now they gave her a
little cocktail before she went in so
shouldn't be too much longer now they
said about 30 minutes to an hour but I
haven't been eating with her because I
didn't want to like eating forever so
I'm starving hopefully we can find food
before she gets out and hopefully it
goes smoothly which I think it will hey
babe you're here welcome back to the
earth how do you feel okay they put like
that thing in my throat yeah it's like
that really uncomfortable feeling what
you've done did it yeah scary but no so
the doctor came out to I was actually
sleeping I was using Missy's clothes as
a pillow on the couch and they in here
and the doctor came out and basically
said that he got like the whole thing
they showed us some pretty crazy
pictures too we might show you guys but
you have like a normal uterus now babe
hopefully we'll see how recovery goes
yeah well they'll be doing another
ultrasound to like just check everything
and they're like the four weeks or so
yeah but um they said that I do have a
small dip like I just a good natural dip
from a uterus so they got like as close
as they could to that and you know it
feels very confident that like she was
able to get everything that's crazy
that's cool that's why we did this I'm
so happy for you baby I'm so proud of
you
we did good now she's hungry
it's five o'clock I haven't anything
since the last night like 11:30
yeah they won't let her eat I'm gonna
try and break her out of here but
hospitals take forever so Missy was on
her little cocktail when they bring in
you back and apparently you were telling
the anesthesiologist about your YouTube
channel yeah and that's like what what
we may be like what Brian does or
something I was like oh we have YouTube
channel and he was like oh oh like you I
was like yeah it's a day it'll be on
there he'll never find it
well the way she was talking we're just
waiting to go home
oh sure that picture cast is watching
only though and she's been sending us
some cute pictures including this one
you've been the govern oh I miss him
already
he looks so different with his haircut
finally we're home we're home you care
do you care hi did you miss us boy hi oh
yes we're home we're just chilling on
the couch and she's relaxing and acting
all cool how you feeling baby yeah it's
been a really long day of waiting and
waiting and waiting some more hospitals
just make you wait too much didn't get
into like - yeah
so always already in bed we didn't get
to see Olli when we came home it was a
bummer I was really looking forward to
hugging him but okay I guess it's
probably for the best since I don't
really have the interview like yeah he's
asleep and we're just relaxing if you
guys didn't know miss he actually put
out her very first baking video on her
channel she's gonna be doing them every
Friday so she put a new one out
yesterday and it's her famous pumpkin
bread so if you guys want to see how she
does it or make it yourselves or just
check it out we edited and shot it like
really differently and cool and I think
it's really awesome so if you guys want
to watch that I'll have a link below in
the description but if you guys enjoyed
this vlog click thumbs up leave the
happy comment below and we will see you
guys tomorrow
but beats blond hair oh my gosh oh my
gosh what do you think he looks like a
little boy now oh my God look at it yeah
yeah what do you think Cassie daddy
looks like a little boy
