look at that curly beach blonde hair oh
my gosh good morning guys good morning
Holly what are you doing you're not
supposed to go up those stairs you know
that right good morning karma oh my
goodness he's so excited we have a
really busy day what about that had to
swim he's gotta swim this she's got a
lunch date and then he has a doctor's
appointment and what else and you I've
got some really cool videos to film so
we've got a pretty packed day is he
showing what you did last night Missy
had to practice last night because she's
gonna be doing baking videos on her
channel every Friday this month so last
night for the first time ever there's
not a single crack yeah
so like it's so fluffy and smooth and
there's perfect texture and where does
this piece go yeah awesome hours because
you have to like cook it and then has to
stay in the oven but the I'm an odd
thing have to say it keeping them at the
oven open and then you have to take it
out it's like very fragile so how you
were taught yeah other Bella kids it
will either get like cracks in it or it
could like collapsing they're probably
gonna make a cheese cake for your video
but you're gonna have a little twist to
it yes yes so don't miss out on that you
guys let's get your shoes on and go to
swim okay Holly what's the sign for swim
show me swimming
yeah let me see that's it
good job up and then you get on the
ground
and bump your head you're good buddy
goodness kind of just like good today
buddy all right
all you say bye-bye the mama
is he sleeping back there he's getting
ready for sleep I'm dropping miss yeah
she's got a lunch date love you
yes I'm dropping her off because she's
got a lunch date and then her friend
will drop her off at our house then all
he has an appointment right after today
we just had like a bunch of things line
up sometimes that's how we do we just
schedule everything out and then realize
oh that's all in one day
I know Molly here you go okay I got you
milk right here okay buddy there you go
mm-hmm
drink some milk buddy then we're gonna
take a nap okay hi karma did you miss us
do you want to go potty go is that good
I seriously still love that cup I think
that's our favorite cup it's the miracle
365 munchkin teaches them how to drink
out of a real cup and it doesn't spill
it completely doesn't spill which is
amazing we love it I think we need to
get like three more we have two all
right come on let's go upstairs you go
upstairs and go night-night okay buddy
well it took some convincing but he
finally went down for his nap so
hopefully he gets a good little nap in
before his doctor's employment I am
making myself a sandwich I picked up
these rolls from Target yesterday
because I got this really good Cajun
style turkey breast I'm gonna use I got
some bacon some avocado some mozzarella
I'm just gonna throw it on here and make
myself a good little sandwich name's
Marvin and slipshod
all right guys so you know how I set up
my new ps4 with the monitor well since I
have the monitor there's no speakers so
I've been using my apple headphones like
connected into the controller but now I
picked up one of these bad boys it's the
gold wireless stereo headset clintus
actually has this and i waited for him
to buy it and test it out and then tell
me how it was he's like yeah it's pretty
awesome so here it is a little unboxing
for you and what's cool about this
actually is there's an app for the ps4
and you can configure this for certain
types of games for the sounds and stuff
so pretty excited to try this out but I
think Oliver is getting up and ready for
his appointment there he is oh hi baby
we're gonna be late for your doctor's
appointment we got to go we're headed to
his 15 month well visit doctor's
appointment it's a little bit later
because he's getting close to a 16 month
oh but it's just like a really simple
well visit just to see you know how he's
doing how he's progressing
all that good stuff so excited to see
what she has to say and we're gonna get
your weight and your height see if
you're still shorty yeah humid last time
he was in the 25th percentile so we'll
see what he is this time and he's good
Holly why do you have to move her on the
furniture
just out of his doctor's appointment and
he did great let me pull up my paper
here this is stat he is 23 pounds which
puts in the 25th percentile for weight
and he's 30 and a half inches tall which
puts me in the 50th percentile for
height
he's still a shorty I'm so happy
but we love you sure I don't know I kind
of liked it when he was in the 25th
percentile because it was so cute I was
like he's just so small it was a good
visit we talked and I just loved his
doctor I feel like she's really really
kind nice and she has a lot of the same
views and she doesn't like push too much
on me but yet she you know informs me
and so I like it did you like her right
yeah and there's even a viewer who works
there so shout out to Ashley do you like
said hi to us as we were leaving I
thought that was so funny so hi now
we're headed
it's haircut bum-bum-bum we're cutting
up it's all going on I'm excited to get
it cut I just want it to be a little bit
easier to handle and manage but come on
ollie
look at this cool place Rex it's so
colorful and cheerful to get your own
little car look at that buddy oh my gosh
you're adorable you look at your kid
here he's got a little TV to look I'll
do the same type of thing coming over
and I just want its reporter are you
nervous babe all right doesn't know what
was she doing could almost put it a
little ponytail back there I know you're
not drama how are you I don't think
that's so cute look at that curly Beach
blonde hair oh my gosh oh my gosh he
looks like a little boy now look at it
yeah yeah what do you think Cassie wait
older now does it looks like a little
boy do you like it Missy yeah if you can
tell he's still got a little girl like a
little wave in his hey that's pretty
wavy it really brings out his eyes and
like his face so cute I never thought
that this day was gonna happen
I thought Macey was gonna let his hair
grow until he was like three the deed is
done it's happened he got his hair cut I
actually wish Ellie could have done it
because Ellie gave Jackson his first
haircut so good when she did it yeah I
loved it but she didn't bring her stuff
and I didn't want to make her bring it
like it's kind of like work like we're
kind of like hey now I want to like make
her then cut my kateri I don't I mean
we're having but got it done and look at
this they actually gave me a little
certificate and it has like his his like
day is how old he is and then they
actually stayed some of his hair walk
totally hoping they would but I just
didn't think they would and they did so
I'm so happy about that my mom actually
still has like a really big long piece
of hair I don't know if it's for my
first haircut but I know it's like like
a really important haircut
they cut like six inches off and she
hasn't like saved and I just thought it
was really cool hey hey cutie boy Holly
come here yeah why are you upside down
Oh
alright see you later
so me you're saying poop no I mean a
busy day but we're gonna hide and
today's vlog is there anything you want
to say before we end the block by the
time you're seeing this I mean they're
about to have surgery I've already had
it
you got this we got this it's just our
entire future that rides on this hire
nothing else nothing else babe I have a
feeling it's gonna go super smooth and
easy and it's gonna be a cinch but
anyway I love all these new hair because
looks old
fancy handsome he looks handsome yeah
yeah like sounds like garbage but he
looks handsome quick thumbs up if you
guys like his new haircut leave a fun
happy comment below
Myles big day so we will see you then oh
the angel did see this is cool
he loves it and it's so cool I'm so
excited
