I have a full septum and it was most
likely the reason as to why I was losing
my pregnancies all my doctors have
agreed is time to do surgery we need to
remove the septum take good care of her
mom love you baby
Duke okay look who's away feels very
confident that like you was able to get
everything baby I'm so proud of you
hey oli where are you going - this
morning
you forgot to shut your door you have to
do that all to hole up good morning
karma good morning
good morning guys I just realized we
still have this trick-or-treat thing up
we can actually take this down there we
go how's that hey guys how's it going um
this morning I woke up and my hives are
back can you see that yesterday they
were all over my body also if you can
see they're kind of on my face they kind
of make my eyes all puffy they're really
really really bad on my hands and my
feet so my hands on my feet are super
itchy so I put some socks on so I'm
trying not to each my feet because it
kind of just makes them spread more
basically you get hives when you have
hey let me help you out with that
basically you get hives um because it's
like a logic reaction I think I
originally got it because of my
deodorant because I was all out of my
good deodorant and I had a backup
deodorant that I was using and I know
it's just not a good kind all he's just
digging through all his toys my little
boy and I love it we wake up in his hair
looks like that now it's not all crazy
all over the place Missy's mom brought
over benadryl yesterday before the
surgery but she took it with her so
she's actually coming over to sort of
help us out because Missy's gonna need
help we need to clean the house all he's
gonna need to be watched she's available
today so she thought she'd come hang out
and help us out so she's bringing some
benadryl she's good
cuz it's all over me don't worry this is
a good angle don't worry you look
handsome in every angle he's very
concerned that I'm giving him a bad
angle right now he's totally sacked out
on me well he was sleeping whenever I
turned to Cam Ranh he was old good
morning guys um I'm actually pretty
tired of getting vlogging with no makeup
on yes I watched yesterday's vlog and I
was horrified honestly I
I wasn't allowed to wear any makeup and
gosh now you know what it really looks
like I thought make the bun thank God I
was like I was watching this when I was
like why did you that Bobby and our
- I was going into surgery it's not a
big deal always asleep right now and
Bryan's my mom came over to help us out
because brian has hives and not only did
she have the medicine but it's kind of
nice like if he s like run to the store
right now she can kind of watch Olly and
I think I'm actually going to take a nap
in a minute I'm doing pretty good I feel
good the lump that was in my throat
because they put a little tube singing
your throat to help you breathe during
surgery if that lump like finally went
away which was really uncomfortable
yesterday like it felt like there was
something in my throat but if I swallow
did it move I could feel it when I
breathe I could feel it when I talk I
just felt gross and I can still feel it
a little bit kind of gone now so that's
nice now I just have like the sore
throat feeling so I just have this bag
on me we just makes it really hard for
me to fall asleep I don't know if you
guys want to see it because it's kind of
bloody that's why I'm not going to show
it to you guys cuz it's gross but it was
just like this bag that's just like
hanging out of me and it's really big
it's much bigger than I thought it was
going to be I just want to heal and I
don't want the little thing to fall out
of my uterus because that happens is a
mess - I know you guys are gonna see
some pretty messy house over the next
week because I don't want to get messy
but Brian's not very good at it like
please yeah yes yeah I'm not really
Brian I'm just gonna be honest he's good
at cleaning if he like sets his mind to
it and then if he like spends the entire
day cleaning I'm not like that I don't
like to spend my whole day cleaning I
just like to clean as I go and he
doesn't do that doing a load of laundry
we have like to clean loads upstairs I
have to put away flat laundry to do
Karma's apparently gonna help me Cara
you need eat your food eat your food
your cease eating out of a human bowl I
think it's other doll human Bowl not a
Don bull
I think it's other balls in the car but
yeah look at me
doing laundry Missy you're welcome
just ran by Target and got some
said Missy needed some sleep medicine
I'm just because I think she wants to
rest more during the day and it's hard
to sleep if she doesn't like take
anything for it so I got like the stuff
missing it's called like as equal and
then I also got oh this person's cutting
me off that's okay go ahead you're fine
and then I also got some benadryl like
the topical kind because I took some
benadryl my little things say I don't
know if you can see they didn't clear up
100% so I'm going to try rub some of the
other stuff on it
I think your body just gets used to
using one thing and if you switch it it
kind of reacts in weird ways like I know
like when I was little my mom switched
laundry detergent and I also broke out
in hives also listening to the new
Taylor Swift CD this thing is awesome
all right Ally there's no food in front
of you that can either mean two things
one you ate it all
or two you gave it all to Karma which
one is it did he eat all your lunch
Holly what you got he seemed like he was
a little hungry so I gave him a like a
quarter piece of bread to nibble on this
kid loves bread yes he's still in his
pajamas he just woke up from a nap I
would actually be in my pajamas still if
I don't have to go to the store because
it's just one of those days no just a
lazy day with the kids this has been my
entire day
give me that no more batteries no more
batteries off wiki this is not your draw
whore come here you're not supposed to
be able to open this drawer okay
damn can't play with this he's like no I
want to play batteries hey Pauly what do
you want that's what you want huh he was
watching videos and you definitely likes
watching himself alright so I wanted to
show you guys these pictures that my
doctor sent me home with and I'll
probably show them a little bit more in
depth on my channel next week I'll do
like a post off video or something
talking about everything that
I can is okay that's what I saw was in
her septum in my uterus you can see two
horns basically and all of her like
developed and only one of them yeah I
believe it was that one yeah
and that basically that's that was a
miracle that he was able to live on that
side and then the placenta was on the
other smaller side then um see in this
picture this is where they cut right in
the middle of it and they start making a
cut and then basically they just start
whittling away at it and it was like top
in the bottom or and you can see the two
those are your fallopian tubes yeah and
I just keep cutting cutting and cutting
and so they get basically this so now
the entire septum top to bottom is gone
and this is all this is my fallopian
tubes and this is basically has a lot
more room there's no septum like you see
here he feels very confident he got
basically all of it and I said he got as
close as he could and if you were any
closer and you would start bleeding that
would have been like your actual uterus
yeah he didn't want to cut your uterus
yeah you might as close as possible just
so cool like we can get pictures like
this is the inside of you
yeah and it's gnarly like he had a pair
of scissors that had a camera attached
to them right yeah so they had a camera
attached to the scissors like as he's
cutting and they also had like an
ultrasound machine they were taking
pictures of and watching the whole
process here so yeah it's pretty gnarly
things happening in your body so now we
just pray for a good healing that way
there's no scar tissue because that can
you know risk miscarriage I mean that
and that's why I'm taking a lot of
estrogen pills and I'm also have the
bulb in my uterus to hold it separated
apart so it doesn't like heal together
so all the things that I'm doing now is
basically to help my healing so that
when I do get pregnant it minimizes my
risk of miscarriage even more hey just
making sure that the next baby has a
nice little hotel room to grow in very
nice large room and lots of space to
wiggle not like this guy you had little
tiny space huh yeah not fair that time
while he's taking his bath he's point
about his moat you stick you want this
still I'm still thirsty look at all
these toys that all he has in his tub
it's crazy he's got like one two three
four five six books and tons of floaties
Oh little boat here yeah he wants to
drink the milk in here but he always
puts it under the water doesn't go in
the water doesn't go in it oh really
yes that's good then yeah drink your
milk kid I made the bonus carne asada
tonight you guys and I actually cannot
wait to eat this later for lunch
tomorrow it was so good it was just like
that that pre-marinated carne asada from
Target they have it at our Super Target
theirs threw it on the grill of so good
karma you clean it up Ali's dinner today
was kind of a relaxing day I swear we
went through like two seasons of the
office we used to have it playing in the
background so you guys might have been
hearing like certain episodes and stuff
in the background as we've logged today
was a good relaxing day basically this
next week is just really focusing on
Missi getting healed and healing
correctly and good so that we can move
forward basically but I do want to say
thank you to everyone on Twitter and in
the comments who's just been like
praying for us and all your amazing
comments and stuff have been seen and I
just really appreciate all the love that
you guys have been giving us the past
couple days because it was kind of
anxious going into that operating room
you know and not knowing 100% if we were
gonna be able to do what we wanted to do
and so I really just appreciate all the
love from you guys but I'm gonna go
ahead and end today's vlog still have a
lot of work to do for the rest of my all
he's going to go to bed and then
hopefully we can go to bed early we
actually went to bed like around 10:00
10:30 last night which is early for us
usually we're in bed by midnight but
we've been having some early nights I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog if
you did give it a thumbs up and we'll
see you guys tomorrow
bye
there we go and then she stuck it in no
big deal I still I get really like you
know I like everything and yeah there's
like a tube inside my vein right now
yeah we do it Missy's mom here she's
holding on to the Rings right I get it
I'm now engaged your mom how's that make
you feel
yeah I get very emotional it's like my
mom or Brian is in here like they've
