if you glow closer you can see where the
darker circles are those that is my
uterus it is supposed to look also
straight but as you can see there is a
division right in the center of my
uterus I have a full septum and it was
most likely the reason as to why I was
losing my pregnancies then question
doctors say it was like a miracle that
he made it to 37 yeah for now that they
know the problem cannot like they can
plan that they actually were able to see
that I'm a perfect candidate to have it
fixed oh all my doctors have agreed is
time to do surgery we need to remove the
septum and just hopefully hope for the
best and maybe that'll help with my
future pregnancies
good morning you guys today is the big
day we got Cassie and her friends who
are going to watch Olly and Missy's mom
is actually going to drive us to the
hospital because last night I broke out
in hives and so I have benadryl and I
don't want to fall asleep okay if you've
got as really bad it's everywhere it's
really itchy and uncomfortable hey
Superman
we got to go Mama's gonna have a surgery
Oh Superman look at his hair babe he
woke up lividity just looked like really
it wasn't like a crazy mess oh my gosh
all right take care of him you guys all
right today is the day we're headed out
to the hospital I get my surgery I
definitely didn't sleep great our SIA
had a lot of like bad dreams a lot of
I think you know how when you go and
like half sleep half awake and you're
kind of stress now and I gotta tell you
poop it's good to say that like I was so
stressed all night that that's pretty
much my life get the nervous poo and the
nearest poo that's doing gross yeah so
today is the big day I am slightly
nervous I'm just mainly nervous when you
get into a hospital it just becomes
really like real and like a lot of
emotions and I actually already have
anxiety when I go into hospitals because
not a lot of great things have happened
to me in hospitals except for that I had
a baby one time but the other times have
not been wonderful and so even when I
walk into like a doctor's office and I
see an ultrasound machine my heart like
will stop and all I get really stressed
out is kind of like not looking forward
to like the realness of it all but I'm
excited to get the surgery over with
that's what I'm excited for
I know a lot of people are new and I get
questions all the time why are you
having a surgery what's wrong with you
I'm going to have all the videos linked
below I've talked I've been talking
about this for over a year now
is a big deal this is
like my entire future right here I kinda
at this point told myself if for any
reason something happens and like they
make it so I can't have babies anymore
I would rather that go through another
pregnancy and possibly lose another baby
although I don't think that anything is
going to happen I think that they're
going to fix me up and I'm going to have
great successful pregnancies after this
I'm guess at this way I'm willing to
risk it because I just can't go through
any more losses if you guys are
wondering anymore what is going on
just check the links down below watch
some videos and you'll probably figure
it out pretty easily but yeah happening
today
get in the surgery and I'm going to have
more babies well don't you look
attractive we've got a nice warm blanket
they just offered to blow up warm air in
your gown which is a thing please go
thank you
he'll be ok look at this bad boy you're
such a trooper babe
so sometimes well one time when they did
an IV took like six times it was like
the worst experience of my life at this
time she numb my hand yeah gave her a
real prick like dog like why should we
should've ever ever go and then she just
stuck it in no big deal I still I get
really
like okay yeah yeah there's like a tube
inside my vein I know yeah we do have
Missy's mom here she's holding on to the
Rings right I guess yeah I now you aced
your mom how's that make you feel
yeah I get very emotional it's like my
mom or Brian isn't here like they both
have to be here at all times so at one
point they only like Brian had to come
back here though I mom and I started
getting like really panic feeling I
don't know I'm gonna be okay baby
attached to these people you're gonna be
okay look at this cute little Paul you
got on your gown huh that's cool it's
almost you almost look as cute as this
thing right here do you see that way
cuter Ellen that is a little puppy dog
in the D I'm Cassie just sent this
picture of all he says good luck and I
love your mom like a big sweetie now
she'll say yeah sure honey I love this
hat on you babe yeah looks great she's
got a nice little cocktail by getting
you all ready I'll take good care of her
mom love you baby
have a nice nap do good kay come back
with a little less
all right so she just went in she was
feeling pretty anxious and I think she's
feeling a lot better now they gave her a
little cocktail before she went in so
shouldn't be too much longer now they
said about 30 minutes to an hour but I
haven't been eating with her because I
didn't want to like eating forever so
I'm starving
hopefully we can find food before she
get down hopefully it goes smoothly
which I think it will look who's away
hey babe you're here welcome back to the
earth how do you feel okay feel crampy
they put like that thing in my throat to
help him breathe in so I it feels slowly
yeah it's like that really uncomfortable
feeling yeah it feels like it's hard to
swallow and stuff and what you done did
it yeah pretty scary that got it over so
the doctor came out to I was actually
sleeping I was using Missy's clothes as
a pillow on the couch in the waiting
room and the doctor came out and
basically said that he got like the
whole thing they showed us some pretty
crazy pictures too we might show you
guys but you have like a normal uterus
now babe yeah hopefully we'll see how
recovery goes yeah well see how they'll
be doing another ultrasound to like just
check everything in it like four weeks
or so yeah but um they said that I do
have a small dip like it's just like a
natural dip from a uterus
so they got like as close as they could
to that and yeah feels very confident
that like he was able to get everything
that's crazy that's cool that's why we
did this I'm so happy for you baby I'm
so proud of you we did good
now she's hungry yeah he wants a mom
again right it's 5 o'clock I haven't
anything since the last night like 11:30
yeah they won't let her eat I'm gonna
try and break her out of here but
hospitals take forever so Missy was on
her little cocktail
when they bringin you back and
apparently you were telling the
anesthesiologist about your YouTube
channel I just remember how I brought a
message my money too does you know
yourself believe yeah I was like I think
she might ask like what what we may be
like what Brian does or something I was
like oh we have YouTube channel and he
was like okay what do you do he's like
oh oh look you up I was like yeah a day
we'll be on there
he'll never find it no well the way she
was talking no I I don't remember what I
was talking about it but we're just
waiting to go home I'm very crampy Oh
show that picture Cassie's watching only
though and she's been sending us some
cute pictures including this one you've
been like covered oh I miss him already
he looks so different with his haircut
baby really does and finally we're home
we're home
do you care do you care hi did you miss
us boy hi oh yes we're home we're just
chilling on the couch and she's relaxing
and acting all cool how you feeling baby
I'm really crampy and painful but
overall ready to go to bed yeah it's
been a really long day of waiting and
waiting and waiting some more hospitals
just make you wait too much that one and
didn't even get into like - yeah and
then it just took forever and getting
out of this forever so all is already in
bed we didn't get to see Olli when we
came home it was a bummer
hugging him but okay I guess it's
probably for the best since I don't
really have the interview like then
after him yeah totally he's asleep and
we're just relaxing if you guys didn't
know miss he actually put out her very
first baking video on her channel she's
gonna be doing them every Friday so she
put a new one out yesterday and it's her
famous pumpkin bread so if you guys want
to see how she does it or make it
yourselves or just check it out we
edited and shot it like really
differently and cool and I think it's
really awesome so if you guys want to
watch that I'll have a link below in the
description but if you guys enjoyed this
vlog click thumbs up leave a happy
comment below and we will see you guys
tomorrow bye Beach blonde hair my gosh
Oh No are you sure oh my gosh what do
you think Lexi he looks like a little
boy now oh my god it's so cute look at
his killer hair what do you think Cathy
I love it if he looks play older now
guys you looks like a little boy
