look at that curly beach blonde hair oh
my gosh good morning guys good morning
Holly what are you doing you're not
supposed to go up those stairs you know
that right and I scooped you out on the
spoon you around let you punish it sorry
good morning Karma come on occurred oh
my goodness he's so excited we have a
really busy day what about that had to
swim
he's got swim miss she's got a lunch
date and then he has a doctor's
appointment and what else I knew I've
got some really cool videos to film so
we've got a pretty packed day is he
showing what you did last night Missy
had to practice last night because she's
gonna be doing baking videos on her
channel every Friday this month so last
night for the first time ever I made
cheese cheese food okay look how amazing
this turned out there's not a single
crack yeah hey smooth so like it's so
fluffy and smooth and this perfect
texture to fit and where does this piece
go hmm in my belly for breakfast yeah I
was awesome she can take hours because
you have to like cook it and then has to
stay in the oven but the I'm an author
you have to say it keeping them at the
oven open and then you have to take it
out it's like very fragile so how you
work on ya his other belly kicks
it will either get like cracks in it or
it could like collapse and probably
gonna make a cheesecake for your video
but you're gonna add a little twist to
it yes yes so don't miss out on that you
guys let's get your shoes on and go to
swim okay
Alys what's the sign for swim show me
swimming
yeah let me see trim yeah that's it
good job oh and then you get on the
ground and bump your head your pay buddy
goodness kind of just like split that
hole today I'm gonna rinse y'all you did
good today buddy he's kind of crazy
mischievious
yeah all right all he say bye-bye to
mama bye-bye
is he sleeping back there his eyes are
he's getting ready to fall asleep I'm
dropping Missy off she's got a lunch
date love you
yes I'm dropping her off because she's
got a lunch date and then her friend
will drop her off at our house then all
he has an appointment right after today
we just have like a bunch of things line
up sometimes that's how we do we just
schedule everything out and then realize
oh that's all in one day I know Ellie
here you go okay I got you nope right
here okay buddy
there you go mmm drink some milk buddy
then we're gonna take a nap okay hi
karma did you miss us do you want to go
potty
go Patti is that good I seriously still
love that Cup I think that's our
favorite cup it's the miracle 360 by
munchkin teaches them how to drink out
of a real cup and it doesn't spill it
completely doesn't spill which is
amazing we love it I think we need to
get like three more we have to all right
Allie come on let's go upstairs you go
upstairs and go night-night okay buddy
well it took some convincing but he
finally went down for his nap so
hopefully he gets a good little nap in
before his doctor's appointment I am
making myself a sandwich I picked up
these rolls from Target yesterday
because I got this really good Cajun
style turkey breast I'm gonna use I got
some bacon some avocado some mozzarella
I'm just gonna throw it on here and make
myself a good little sandwich coz I'm
starvin Marvin and slow Shawn all right
guys so you know how I set up my new ps4
with the monitor
well since I have the monitor
there's no speakers so I've been using
my Apple headphones like connected into
the controller but now I picked up one
of these bad boys it's the gold wireless
stereo headset clintus actually has this
and I waited for him to buy it and test
it out and then tell me how it was and
he's like yeah it's pretty awesome so
here it is a little unboxing for you and
what's cool about this actually is
there's an app for the ps4 and you can
configure this for certain types of
games for the sounds and stuff so pretty
excited to try this out but I think
Oliver is getting up and ready for his
appointment there he is oh hi baby
we're gonna be late for your doctor's
appointment we got to go we're headed to
his 15 month well visit doctor's
appointment it's a little bit later cuz
he's getting close to a 16 month oh but
it's just like a really simple well
visit just to see you know how he's
doing how he's progressed
all that good stuff so excited to see
what she has to say and we're gonna get
him wait in your height
see if you're still shorty yeah humid
last time he was in the 25th percentile
so we'll see what he is this time and
he's good
Holly why do you have to move her on the
furniture
Holly come back this way just out of his
doctor's appointment and he did great
let me pull up my paper here is his
stats he's 23 pounds which puts in a
25th percentile for weight and he's 30
and a half inches tall which puts him in
the 50th percentile for height whoo
he's still a shorty I'm so happy we love
you short I don't know I kind of liked
it when he was in the 25th percentile
because it was so cute I was like he's
just so small it was a good visit we
talked and I just loved his doctor I
feel like she's really really kind nice
and she has a lot of the same views and
she doesn't like push too much on me but
yet she you know informs me and so I
like it did you like her right yeah and
there's even a viewer who works there so
shout out to Ashley do you like said hi
to us as we were leaving I thought that
was so funny
so hi now we're headed to get his
haircut bum bum bum you're cutting it
off it's all going on I'm excited to get
a cut I just want it to be a little bit
easier to handle
managed but yes come on Olli
look at this cool place rads it's so
colorful and cheerful yeah to get your
own little car look at that buddy I want
15 oh my gosh you're adorable
really get your food here he's got a
little TV to look at you guys want it
cut today I never saw me I'll do the
same type of thing coming over um and I
just want its order
thank you start slow are you nervous
babe all right
I have to shoes all over this too much
okay he doesn't know what this is wait a
minute
hey Dad it's a little bit too close
lover it's up to you I mean well
was she doing Oliver could almost put a
little ponytail back there I know yes is
a silly
you're not drama how are you I go Thank
You Cyril babe that's so cute
look at that curly Beach blonde hair oh
my gosh oh no are you sure oh my gosh
where you think let's see he looks like
a little boy now oh my gosh it's so cute
look at it yeah yeah what do you think
Cassie I love it if he looks way older
now does it looks like a little boy do
you like it Missy yeah if you can tell
he's still got a little core like a
little wave in his hey that's pretty
wavy in the back Zach how they're all
his curls are good but I really think
it's gonna grow back it really brings
out his eyes and like his face so cute I
never thought that this day was gonna
happen
I thought Macy was gonna let his hair
grow until he was like three the deed is
done it's happened he got his hair cut I
actually wish Ally could have done it
because Ellie gave Jackson his first
haircut so good when she did it yeah I
loved it but she didn't bring her stuff
and I didn't want to make her bring it
like it's kind of like work like we're
kind of like painting I don't want to
like make her then come a kateri I don't
I mean everything but got it done and
look at this they actually gave me a
little certificate and it has like his
his like day is hell Diaz and they
actually saved some of his hair got a
lock yeah totally hoping they would but
I just didn't think they would and they
did so I'm so happy about that my mom
actually still has like a really big
long piece of hair I don't know if it's
for my first haircut but I know it's
like like a really important haircut
because they cut like six inches off and
she hasn't like saved and I just thought
it was really cool
hey hey cutie boy Holly come here come
here
why are you upside down
what's the ow All Right see you later
he's feeling happy i okay did you go
poop show me you're saying poop yeah
didn't want to know I made a busy day
but we're gonna hide and today's vlog is
there anything you want to say before we
end the blog by the time you're seeing
this I mean they're about to have so did
you have already had it you got this we
got this it's just our entire future
that right is higher nothing else
nothing else babe I have a feeling it's
gonna go super smooth and easy and it's
gonna be a cinch
but anyway I love all these new hair I
love your new hair hey butters so cute
he just looks old
see handsome he looks handsome yeah yeah
smell like garbage I was like garbage
but he looks handsome quick thumbs up if
you guys like his new haircut leave a
fun happy comment below
tomorrow's big day so we will see you
then
oh the angel did see this is cool he
loves it but it's so cool I'm so excited
