good morning guys guess what it's
finally here November 1st
it's November 1st so in today's video we
are actually going to be premiering our
brand new intro and we are so excited if
you go look at our channel everything's
changed everything looks different and
this is kind of kind of gonna be like
the new look for us for a while so we're
super excited this is a big deal yeah
big deal we worked really hard on this I
basically came up with this concept and
I drafted up a lot of concept art and I
said it to the animator we're actually
clapping on this with another youtuber
and I'll actually have a
behind-the-scenes video linked below in
the description she kind of sort of
walked through how she did things
because it's pretty intricate and pretty
amazing we wanted an intro to tell our
story as quick as possible tell you guys
who we are in every video and sort of
what represent us and I think this
format is really cool because it's
always going to change as we sort of go
through life definitely check out the
video in the description box and
subscribe to Bailey because she is so
talented and she has been so amazing to
work with on this intro and the really
cool thing about the intro is if you
watch carefully and if you've been
watching for a while you'll see a lot of
really really cool little eggs in there
like little Easter egg yellow Easter
eggs that you can walk like find there's
a lot of them there's probably over like
20 living there's over 20 yeah and there
don't watch carefully I hope you guys
enjoy the intro here it is
you guys all saw what do you think I've
seen it like three or four times but the
more you watch it the more your lineup
yeah you're like oh my gosh there's a
there's another little heart that goes I
you don't know watching like 10 times
everything I've watched it many times
and it's my intro and that there's still
things I'm like oh see that she didn't
really marry good job so definitely
watch them the making of video because I
bet y'all she's so talented Seamus what
do you got next to you right there I'm
doing this one up here
that's daily buzz this way there's two
of them Missy landings it's got your
name on it the silver play button on for
my channel and it's because I reached a
hundred thousand subscribers that is so
cool babe I'm so proud of you yes I am
very proud but I like not that I'm going
to like make this speech I couldn't have
done it without you but honestly like I
could not have done it without like the
amazing supporters like everyone who
just started watching me from the very
beginning I mean we couldn't have done
daily bumps without my channel yeah and
uh it's crazy and I couldn't have done
it asleep Brian so we're literally like
how far you Brian is actually the
backbone of the entire channel Sophos
stop oh I may have ended one video but
that's pretty much it you look cute
today oh thank you I am wearing a shirt
that someone got us at the meetup at
Disneyland Thank You Cynthia
you this is like the cutest water
exercise lovely from a bottom so cute
it's perfectly so thank you Austin and
Brittany are coming over today which
were really really excited about and so
I'm just cleaning up because yesterday
with like just everything that we were
doing it's kind of crazy so I actually
just extended this kitchen table that we
just got I this is why I pray
bought this kitchen table is because of
the fact that I could extend it so that
when we have family or friends or anyone
come over I can do that although I still
only have four chairs I do have the
chairs from the old table still in the
garage so I'll probably just bring them
in and it'll be fine but I look how big
this thing extends to because
technically it's only two like here
usually and it extends that far out and
they're crazy it's huge it's really
really big so I love this uhm but yeah
I'm just cleaning up all of my chairs
and stuff over here and get ready to mop
talk about always costume for a minute
because I didn't really get a chance to
make a video about it and I would have
liked to because it was fun so I bought
just like a regular white or like a
regular plaid shirt like this and then I
ended up cutting it so that it was a bit
shorter because if you look at the
Munchkins they kind of are wearing like
a vest type shirt so I cut it I glued
these colorful buttons on because I just
felt like I wanted them to be a little
bit more vibrant even though it's
actually not super part of the Munchkin
costume here's what the collar used to
look like it was just this long and then
ice made a collar sewed it on and it
comes down pretty much a lot farther
almost like an almost like 3/4 an inch
longer and then I bought just some
regular pants and it ended up cutting
these two and then we also had the
striped tights that went with it loved
his costume it was so much fun and it
was an easy costume I don't I'm not very
creative I wouldn't have been able to
make just any costume but this one was
fun I liked it and I thought just
because it was all of us he just looked
so perfect and he he just fit in so well
I don't know if it would have looked as
cute if I wouldn't have been Dorothy and
if everyone wouldn't have been who they
were he knows I mean it was very very
close to making him the flying monkey
because I really wanted to be a monkey
but I couldn't find a flying monkey
costume anywhere and I couldn't make a
flying Lincoln costume that's kind of
more difficult so that's why it was a
munchkin I loved it I hope you guys
liked it too and that's how I made this
costume alright Jared and I have been
running some errands for the ladies
we took Ollie with us he's such a
trooper but we got a bunch of stuff for
two
right for the barbecue I went ahead and
bought an extra propane tank just cuz
every time I run out I have to run here
and fill it up and then go back it's
like I'm cooking so you nice to have an
extra speaking of running I'm gonna run
this back to Target yeah we totally
messed up and parked outside of Lowe's
and targets way down there
run Jared red he's actually running
that's funny I'm gonna go pick him up
oh sorry I want to rise up my time dude
that was good that was good
good job his door was locked so much I
lost a couple seconds on that okay oh my
gosh bro hahaha oh my gosh dude he loves
that holy cow dude Senna now stand up
are you holding both his feet together
yeah he always said that I was oh my god
oh my god my bad oh my gosh is that fun
because she was balancing babe oh my
golly hey you guys check this out
Audrey
he does this all day long whoa and look
who else is here her mom and dad they
brought her over my face on automate and
of course because yeah Jackson hey I
threw him in here oh he's gotten ok how
are you computing yeah we got the whole
game here you guys we have Ellie and
Jared we have the knife dolls and we're
so excited we have dinner we've got tons
of you guys are so awesome oh thank you
oh I know yeah I mean yeah the toys have
been awesome for all the kids but we got
so many treats
yeah the rice krispies treats and
pumpkin bread I just made cookies -
those are fresh-baked like just now so
maximize yeah after dinner I'm gonna get
our ball I'm the singer they're really
good so I don't even like so much from
them yeah before I get one over there
oh yeah we're making a feast over here
guys we've got like potatoes and noodles
yeah look how shrimp
we got the Le to work she's always got
yeah I've got to keep her stay somehow
yeah oh we got all kinds of food so
we're excited we're gonna have a fun
night she pulled all this off the grill
check that out you guys we got this cool
new little platter today - and it works
Missy it looks like the friends table
with all the different chairs look how
big this thing got though songs crazy
zaji have a cookie once your cookie
Oh get it there we go ha ha ha ha look
at Haji Jordan ha ha
we broke out just dance Austin basically
schooled me but I think we're both being
punished because now we're both sweaty
oh my gosh it's okay I love that
Audrey's getting into it and following
on look at these tail life cut all
mother we had so much fun tonight
hanging out with Austin and Brett if you
never subscribe to them I'll have a link
below in the description so you can
check them out too and these guys of
course they'll be in the description too
look at this pumpkin I don't show um not
good to go watch our vlog and but it is
it so you can see the actual picture in
our video will have the actual picture
it's so good though this guy's so
talented dude Rob this is mrs. like
picking at it she's like was I supposed
to take that off sliver I should grab
that and I grab his mouth we had such a
great night though just eating dinner
and dancing and having fun but I hope
you guys enjoyed today's video and I
hope you enjoyed the new intro let me
know in the comments what you think
about it and be sure to go check out
Bailey's video I'll have that in the
description thank you guys for watching
and we'll see you tomorrow we're off to
see the Wizard my shoes my shoes now I
found them and you buy the job pretty
not so bad
Oh
