good morning guys we are having an
awesome awesome morning brian is
actually still upstairs he's feeling
quite sick which is kind of a bummer but
I think he's just gonna have to get his
M&D back he was up pretty late editing
and Disneyland and all that so but we
had an awesome breakfast Brian missed
out we had pancakes scrambled eggs and
bacon we did kind of actually burn the
bacon a little bit but you know it'll be
fine it was good so now he's doing the
dishes
do amazing things
throwing that he's like throwing a
football on his face kind of its kind of
heartless this morning it seems like oh
my goodness look at this beauty he's
playing in always a little thing just so
cute he's been a little bit funny today
he's kind of been like I swear he's like
scared of his own shadow he'll like see
something and he just like I don't know
you're crazy huh
but did you oh look who's finally uh
he's not feeling very good though today
No
my head hurts I really just I can't
think I can't I just can't even I don't
know what's wrong but yeah he had a late
night though so he's just not very
feeling very good okay I just had that
getting ready and just know that it's
Halloween today and I'm so excited
Halloween happy Halloween it's actually
probably November first for you guys but
it's Halloween for us and actually just
not ready and I'm actually wearing
Ellie's shoes they're so cool you're
wearing those today yeah did you care no
no it's okay okay okay good yay they're
so comfortable too they really are
they're very I love them thank you all
right guys I just got the munchkin to
bed he's getting taken now actually I'm
so tired I think I might end up actually
taking a little nap I just need a little
pick-me-up and then wait celery
Halloween yay
you guys I just had the best nap I just
feel so much better and actually I just
where am I oh my gosh wait am i
everything looks so different
hmm look at these adorable shoes that I
just found I am totally going to put
these on
oh so pretty love them now that I'm all
dressed let's go ahead and go get Ollie
up from his nap hey baby are you away
doing your little munchkin
do you know how to get me home
I'm so confused where I'm at you say I
need to find the Wizard of Oz will you
come with me alright let's go find The
Wizard of Oz here we go another fun song
I love it let's go see what Brian's
doing what are you doing in here who me
well yeah what are you doing you're just
packing on this are you trying to edit
this video what is the problem I do not
know what the problem is
hello little munchkin how are you well
you know why I can't edit a video well
it sounds like you need a brain I think
I might be missing that and that's why I
cannot edit this video all right well
we're going to see the Wizard of Oz I
need to get home do you want to come
with me maybe he'll have a brain for you
can you give me a brain maybe like I'm
like I'm like a brain brain yeah a brain
a brain brain
yeah brain I don't have a brain so
sometimes I repeat the same word over
yes
let's link arms
okay I think I think he's frozen okay
wait I think he's made of tin thank you
oh man I've been stuck like that I don't
know so what have you been doing here
though all this time well I've been
leaving heartless comments for so long I
just kind of froze here what you don't
have a heart I know I don't that's
really mean guy well when you don't have
a heart you do kind of mean things Wow I
think they use you come with us to the
Wizard of Oz to get you a heart I could
use a heart
let's you're not a munchkin thinks you
need a heart yes little munchkin I'll go
with you guys let's get a heart let's go
get hurt let's go get a heart let's link
arms for some reason that seems like a
great way to travel I'm gonna link arms
this way this way this other side Missy
other yes we will link arms like this
hmm what's this he's running away why
are you so frightened little AIIMS you
need some courage we can get you some
courage you just come with us is that
something a good plan I think there okay
let's go see the Wizard of Oz well we're
off to see the Wizard take your shoes my
shoes now I found them thank you my
little pretty and not so bad dingdong
the witch is dead which started with
dingdong ditch day now you have to give
me your shoes right okay I think this
was a really fun adventure but I'm ready
to go home there's no place like home
there's no place like home no place like
home
oh it just had the craziest dream you
guys are obvious dream
I have a dream that I was in another
land and that all of you guys were these
crazy like characters and here you are
you actually this guy is scared of
everything
you guys mean it's always fun filming
this and getting ready for this we are
the winner of I actually you don't need
anyone yeah we had a lot of fun with
that I was kind of just silly and we
wanted to do like a little Halloween
special like we did last year if you
guys had watched last year's it was fun
too you guys can check that out it was a
little corny guys was it was it too
corny no I can you believe we have like
all the characters for The Wizard of Oz
like who are we missing really it was
the wizard it's kind of silly but it was
funny
hey Missy have you seen your sister I
have not where where is she where is
Cassie do you see her anywhere do they
see her anyway I find Cassie is Waldo
and what inspired - Cassie what inspired
this it was only three pieces
it looks cool and you got the Where's
Waldo positioning oh you look so cute
look at your little hair oh my gosh he's
like I know it literally is me and my
munchkin now you and your munchkin we've
been calling him that like all we say
Trick or Treat smell my feet give me
something good to eat come on he thinks
when we get to the door he's gonna go in
their house and hang out with them and
then they shut the door and he's like
wait this house looks so cool you guys
look at that so cool logos shadowing on
YouTube what do you got look at your
kind of still Dorothy we get this kid
all ready for beddy-bye time we ordered
some pizza we got some pumpkins I think
we're gonna do some carving but I'm
gonna head it and end today's vlog I
hope you guys enjoyed it if you did kick
that thumbs up button and let me know
what you guys were for Halloween in the
comments below we'll see you tomorrow
bye
this is still I think my favorite thing
in California Adventure it's called The
Sorcerer's workshop and if this huge
room is air-conditioned so it feels
amazing and they have like tons of
concept art
