good morning you guys can we just take a
minute to check out Oliver right now
he's wearing Christmas pajamas and a
Frankenstein vest and hoodie and those
are not yours dude you're trying to
steal Jackson stop
you look so cute today buddy see his
shirt says Santa's Little Helper Frankie
now that's a good one yeah
Linux like I'm done done with Halloween
we now transform into Christmas II are
off to LA today and it's really exciting
because since we left Oliver with my mom
we are all able to take one calm which
we home but it will do it all except for
like we went to Knott's Scary Farm
really nice and it's also nice to get
since Fran doesn't feel good
Jarrod's our chauffeur driver as I
thought sure I'm an excellent driver
so anyways we're off to LA we're excited
we probably won't spend a ton of time to
Tolliver's at home and Brian's not
feeling it stuff like that but should be
a fun day I am super happy because I
don't know if I told you guys but while
we were at Disneyland I was devastated
because during the point of when we left
to go to the meetup
- after the meetup my blanket
disappeared for Oliver and it was a
blanket that my friend Kelsey made him
using her bridesmaid dress that she wore
at my wedding it was very very very like
special and I brought it to Disneyland
not thinking and polished in the product
but he must have dropped it and I didn't
notice while I was walking
and it was gone and so I called this
morning like I really I was like I
really hope you guys have it and she
found it it's also so happy and cool
that someone was nice enough to turn it
in
I know nice point guy spelled does it oh
this is like luxury blanket it is really
nice so so happy and I feel like did and
then people are really really nice and
so even offered to fail it to us the
like are you sure he doesn't need it now
it's like no we go there pretty often I
can go get it
so I'm so so happy I was so relieved I
did not what I have to tell Kelsey that
I lost her blanket I think you would
have been really mad also promised me
the Christmas paper yes
releasing the Christmas music and it
makes my heart very happy not only not
only Christmas Michael Buble curs yeah
that's f luging yeah that's too legit -
legit but now I must quit yes the
Christmas music is on and so we're all
very very very happy because who doesn't
enjoy Christmas music oh bum bum bum bum
all right guys we were out to lunch we
had a place called tender greens Erica
she's Account Manager postman she gave
us an amazing tour Ellie and Jared have
never been and we got to see some new
stuff this is hair and she is our talent
manager basically makes the wheels run
on the daily Bob's channel so thank you
we got like a solid and like Missy got
steak and stuff she got like an albacore
tuna and it's raw she says it's
delicious and so she gave me a little
piece and I'm gonna try it and I'm
freaking out right now
oh it's like basically just seared on
the sides and then it's completely raw
you guys ready for this
this extra we're it's cold that's weird
I would never be brave enough it's it's
good though it's had good flavor yeah
that is weird
Missy would never go for it she's like
uh I'll have my steak potatoes please
find a mint lemon egg right now yeah you
guys she's being pretty brave right now
pretty good but this is such a great
place get this you guys we went to LA we
met up with our talent managers had
lunch and now we are just about to get
home and it's four o'clock we've like
it's driving in LA or something driving
in the traffic for hours of traffic but
driving to LA is like my least favorite
thing ever it really is but now we're
almost home and I want to say alia play
with them and I'll be all happy and
stuff no he has so much more fun than
like him having to sit in the car
oh yeah I told him no thing in the car
with us is pretty fun Knox is like ready
to get the heck out of here Arie did you
have fun with me me and Auntie come here
I'd like oh you guys I could have got in
the car seat I could have gone yeah I'm
actually really glad we didn't take him
because it sounds like he's been kind of
not feeling good today hopefully he
doesn't have what Brian easy actually
always bounce back pretty fast whenever
he gets a little sick so I so horrible
system and I don't know him probably in
here oh he didn't he got my muses okay
my home I mean he's gotta love something
but
Oh so anyways I'm glad he was able to
just kind of relax at home and play hang
out and not be stuck in the car but I
think you missed me huh
did you missed us come here come here
come here come come okay Holly who we
got there I can't give her hugs can't
give her hugs oh you love tartar sauce
don't you he loves that little grumpy
cat stuff now I only have you guys oh oh
no hanging out with me in my office I
just got some stuff done that I wasn't
able to do this morning cuz no I'm kind
of black and we had to go I got done so
cute just hanging out with him now and
show you guys we went to fullscreen and
they hooked us up with some swag we
actually found like a back storage area
that had all this merch and Erica was
just like throwing it as we're like you
Sh
so I got cool gray fullscreen shirt
pants black shirts cool glasses check
this out guys even a book that has the
full screen branding on it how cool is
that so funny hey that's my fullscreen
pan yo I'm gonna keep no don't chew on
it you even opened it jeez Louise I'm
gonna keep that in my resort
yes that is a knife I keep a knife to
open all the cool packages you guys send
us oh and there's a camera in there but
I guess now that it's not Halloween it's
probably time to replace all this huh oh
the hashtag even says hashtag Halloween
you guys what do you think I should put
up on the chalkboard kid huh yeah I
don't know what you're saying but if you
speak English I might be able to do your
request what do you think is that really
what you think
hey but what do you think I should put
on the chalkboard
what do you think pup should I put a
pumpkin oh man look at he's pulling out
the like pillow like that's why she'd be
doing to this video huh
give her hugs you're so cute
yeah that's mommy's youtube award pretty
cool huh
yeah totally sometimes I just have
conversations with this kid that I have
no idea what he's saying
she's so car drunk cute I just wish I
knew what he was saying you know really
just not here pumping our baby is over
oh yeah oh all right all that we had a
delicious dinner and now we're gonna eat
just a very small dessert okay just a
super tiny petite little bigger like yes
look at this beast you guys we've just
been having dinner with Ellie and Jared
Jared show them the weird knuckle thing
this is really creepy okay focus your
attention right around this general area
right here
hey oh oh oh it's so gross
it's so gross we've been sharing weird
stories about what our bodies can do
that's weird
he's choking on his chocolate ones on
come on Ollie let's go let's go we ditch
the girls to deal with the bill and
we're gonna do something even cooler I
think you guys know what's around this
corner right you are so excited you know
it's funny I was just checking the year
ago vlog Maisie and I wear what we just
ate at PF Changs and we walked down here
to the Apple store I asked my seals like
are we gonna have another baby
for eriously for real right here I just
checked that vlog earlier this morning I
know
headed to the Apple Store you got that
retina 5k Mac I'm gonna go look at that
and it's gonna be so cool this is our
Apple Store bro come on buddy happiest
place on earth right here
there it goes look at here oh we're
trying to load a 4k video on this and
it's like puppy this is Devin Supertramp
though did you know my brother and Devin
Supertramp served in the same Mormon
mission for real dang that's cool
this is sick oh this is that new 27 inch
retina and it is so thin and beautiful
not awesome dude it looks so good
I bet it just like kills graphics though
like when you're editing
oh I'm sure for show tonight can I have
a hug and kiss I'll never ever ever see
each other ever again until February I
know it's hard to say goodbye I know
it's hard to say goodbye I know it's
hard to say goodbye come down and elia
hug and a kiss goodbye so Ellie and
Jared are leaving early in the morning
Ollie will probably still be asleep so
they gotta shave their mates for he'd
been a good boy bye bye he's gonna miss
you guys so much Jared you've been like
awesome with him he's been so good to us
he's been such a good boy this whole
time him and Jackson have just been
killing it like they are honestly been
best buddies they put up with a lot huh
okay all right time for bed buddy oh
there's my way and he's asleep
this kid's goes to sleep like a champ I
can't even right now tomorrow morning
Jared and Ellie decided they're going
home this is your new home you girls are
vacation home okay that is true that is
certainly true wise you have treated us
like gold okay can we just say Missy and
I were in the car on the way here and
she was like there's very few people
that I could open up my home to for a
week and they were amazing I know and we
like there's very few people we only got
into their drawers their clothing
so we just nicked or weenie in it they
did borrow my socks no that's why they
Brian and Missy have been the best oh no
this is where the part where I was let's
talk about how amazing you guys are okay
okay Jared and Ellie oh my gosh we are
so excited that they came you guys you
guys are just fantastic and you're like
our best friends and we're just so
excited you guys came
well thanks thank you for having us I
can't wait what are you guys gonna
invite us yes okay I can't wait to hang
out with them at their place good you
have an extra room for you yes okay we
have a crazy couple week for both of us
like Missy a surgery you guys are moving
yeah
it's gonna be insane it'll be exciting
we have lots of stuff coming up holy we
had so much fun with them though you
guys if you want to subscribe to them
I'll have a link below in the
description it's been there all week so
if you haven't done it yet just friggin
do it already
last jinx guys do it that can't do shoot
do like a group hug or something
natsu okay everyone stand up for the
computer way look at your rocking a new
full screen shirt oh I almost kiss Brian
oh it was so fun we've all just well cut
that all right everybody say goodbye bye
you guys are super blurry I'm gonna miss
you now you're getting more in focus and
now it's kinda creepy
you literally kiss my camera I did
alright guys I'm gonna go ahead and end
today's vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it
click the thumbs up button if you did if
you have not seen the very last look
who's vlogging the season finale is up
on baby league and I'll have it linked
to below so you guys can check it out
also if you guys haven't seen the
behind-the-scenes look from Bailey our
brand new intro go watch that I'll have
that linked below it has just some
behind-the-scenes stuff about the intro
and sort of how it came to be and all
the work that went into it it's really
really cool so go check out that video
and I give Bailey some love and
subscribe to her channel because she's
super talented you guys but anyway I'm
gonna go ahead and end today's vlog
thanks for watching and we'll see you
tomorrow I play up here but we're on
this little walkway we climbed up from
the beach
they're in the water yeah he's like
right here whoa
we got some big waves crashing up all
he's certainly not diggin it is it going
to get you we gonna get you there's a
bunch of seals over here too blending in
it's so cool we've never been here we're
here
