hi good morning guys I think we are
definitely ready to give this kid a
little haircut what do you think Missy
I'm done
it is so curly crazy look we could
almost put it in a ponytail back here
yes we could that if he was a girl like
I'd be putting little pigtails and top
okay and he's done like don't brush my
hair good morning guys today we're gonna
go to San Diego and explore a bit
so today the vlog went up with a new
intro and everyone seems to like a be
getting like tons of tweets on Twitter
of like lists of people like marking
down when they see something and not
everyone's found them all yet but people
are getting pretty dang close so it's
pretty awesome
Jackson are you trapped you're all
locked up huh he's in baby jail baby
jail look at all he's trying to break
him free he do it good look at his shoes
you guys he's rocking these cool little
boots we found these at Payless for like
15 bucks I think they worked good who is
that look at him he's trapped go get him
oh we got to the hairspray is it getting
that bad Missy look at Jackson and Olly
play Jackson come on stand up and walk
you're almost there buddy
we are here down at the San Diego temple
we brought Jared and Ellie here because
they want to see it while they were here
look at that you guys how's crazy I love
this grass area they're just gonna run
around Holly like gets into everything
he's like banging all the doors and
stuff is like hmm
come on come on Olli you're such a good
crawler Jack Jack don't eat the grass
Holly Holly trying to block okay now we
are actually headed to get some lunch
Olli we're getting you lunch
you guys haven't noticed I'm not feeling
very well I'm kind of like my head's
really cloudy and my my sinus and my
guys uh scoff and so trying to keep it
contained as much as possible but kind
of just not feeling well and it's not
because I don't have a brain like in the
Halloween special I do have a brain he
really didn't feel good I really didn't
feel but that day yeah yeah and we end
up eating some delicious lunch I okay
what did yet we been here before yeah
and I got fish and chips but I wasn't
really digging it so nice box and I have
my chicken sandwich yeah you got this
grilled dick chicken like pesto on
ciabatta
and it's really good so I mean not
always eating I keep
and there's this little bar here that he
can stand up on and that's what he's
been doing huh can you stand up
I think this person's like yeah look at
it no no you have to stay right there
but he stands on this like what's it
doing this yeah they gave us this with
our water you guys like take it doesn't
dissolve oh that's all it's all huh why
would you put salt in your water oh yeah
you guys check out this video it's
beautiful
we're headed over to the seals cuz Jared
and Ellie I've never seen them no I'm
gonna go look at the seal sighted we
keep getting stopped huh Jack yeah
they're just keeps diving they're like
oh hi and the like full on have
conversations with the babies it's like
okay people are really nice here though
are you turning around the timers we are
headed down look at all those seals I
just did so fun there feels like they
don't like your class what are those
ollie DCM I've never been actually up
here but we're on this little walkway we
climbed up from the beach over there in
the water yeah he's like right here
whoa you got some big waves crashing up
Ali's really not digging it is it gonna
get you we gonna get you there's a bunch
of seals over here too blending in
it's so cool we've never been here we're
here because we're showing someone else
who's never been we really come down
here but we never come over here yeah
this is beautiful I wonder how I'll get
well this big wave coming in huh oh
there is yeah
we're doing some exploring today you
guys we walked across this beautiful to
pass out I cannot believe we're standing
xoc oh yeah just talk to it
yeah yeah yeah oh yeah I'm gonna zoom in
Boise said hi hi
lucky wake you little puppy in case you
are wondering all of our still hates the
beach actually he can't stand it he
doesn't like it like it's all sandy
why do you think he's afraid because the
waves like crash and our loud I know I
think I'm down it's Danny you're like
that is so weird
mrs. Jenkins Alfie
look at these guys right now you guys
they've been standing here for like two
or three minutes and they've been doing
this you guys look like you have no feet
to piss my face I left out of the fun
because I wore shoes who wear shoes to
the beach like who does that I mean
Brian got home a little while ago and we
just been hanging out Ehlinger just got
back from their family with your cousin
right yeah I missed that I know they
were only gone by couple hours and we
missed that really I walked in the door
I'm like it feels like oh yeah so it's
gonna be really sad when they do leave
but we're having other fun day I'm
talking about that
yes it's very it's not the end we're
still together are you guys gonna
friggin beat house right they've been
like amazing houseguest like we do not
hear them see it it's like literally
like that's their side of the house and
they're good
it's bigger like that you want us to
come back seriously ha ha she's been
like screw it she's like telling Jarrod
make sure you clean up your stop please
after your mess no they've been like
amazing we had such a fun day today and
now we're just exhausted by crime still
trying to get over his sickness yeah I
feel like he might have like a really
bad cold do not have evil this is
Ebola I don't think he has the flu no I
think all ingested congested my nose was
their skin dirt there so anyways we're
gonna go ahead and end the vlog but the
very last ever look who's vlogging
episode is up on baby league right now
and this is the finale the end we're not
bringing it back it's really really sad
it's kind of hard it's kind of
bittersweet it is yeah we had a lot of
fun doing the show but like I mean all
good things have to come to an engine
exactly we don't want to like run the
show into the ground and we're kind of
at the point where we just had to make a
decision we kind of want to focus on
other projects and other things doesn't
mean we're done on baby league we may
end up doing something else on baby
league we're not sure but we had fun and
we loved the episodes they're hard to
film I'm really proud of what we but the
end result when they're done it's we
feel so like watching them back it's
like look at him grow and like and just
go through all those changes when we
started he just sat there and now he's
like running out of the shots and so
partially why it's hard to keep doing
exactly um this last one it's a really
really good one it's really sweet Oh
watch that lake below in the description
gets down there go check it out but um
go ahead in the vlog click thumbs up if
you enjoy the vog and tomorrow how to
fun day so make sure you tune in so see
you guys tomorrow
but for my channel and it's because I'm
used a hundred thousand subscribers that
is so cool babe I'm so proud of you yes
I am very proud but I like not that I'm
going to like make this speech I
couldn't have done it without you but
honestly like I could not have done it
without like the amazing supporters like
everyone who just started watching me
from the very beginning I mean we
