good morning look at this cutie with a
booty
what are you doing your hair ripping it
out I'm trying to tame it this came this
okay you don't even understand what this
was this happened so this is after this
is pretty much after and this is Oh
before didn't came before this is
basically before and after I didn't do
much
no you just saying he gets other shower
and he's like hey there yeah you guys I
had the craziest dream last night I had
this dream that our best friends from
Utah drove all the way here to hang out
with us but it look wait a minute
Lina McKee's luggage was it not a dream
Sunday these are boys he's gonna do
amazing things it wasn't a dream
my it's real life they're really here
still yeah we used a lot of green
screens that make that happen
green screens special effects technology
no they're still here and today we're
gonna have a fun day karma go out and
pee and poop don't poop over there cook
over there no no no you're going the
wrong way
this morning we had amazing pumpkin
bread look at this we see me three
loaves of pumpkin bread and we basically
went through one whole loaf so she made
this new kind with chocolate chips which
I actually enjoyed I don't know if it's
something I can eat in the mornings it's
pretty chocolatey but it was pretty dang
right good yeah we can have chocolate
just a nice everyday I know we're like
adults
well like do whatever we want you eat
doughnuts there you get a chocolate
doughnut when you eat Oreos for
breakfast they're different I don't
think those are valid breakfast options
I'm tall I'm saying ask Ellie what she
ate come on she's got that baby in there
she can do whatever she wants Thanks
but that pumpkin bread with the
chocolate chips is really so good Jared
and Ellie these are best friends from
Utah we're so excited
how close do you guys to 100,000
subscribers like let me Chile right now
I will tell you right look it's like
fifteen hundred ninety eight thousand
seven hundred and eighty 1,300 is that
13 1,300 away no 1,100 no 1,200 one
thousand soared 1220 yeah if you guys
don't know they daily vlog as well
they're gonna be daily vlogging their
adventures so go subscribe to have a ha
the link below in the description so
click on it or your square you're so
nice Bryan you're so nice I actually do
matter this with your hair oh thanks
actually did the math 1220 like father
like son he's got to do is his there he
look he's been pointed the spray bottle
um are you ready
it's gonna happen oh no way always run
away he actually took that really good
he likes it I think okay he wants to do
it it much I like I'll hold that please
his hair is closer I think right after
Halloween we should do is first haircut
mess you should do a mohawk yes either
that he look at that face everything is
awesome right everything is cool when
you're with all your friends I'm so
excited because we are headed to the San
Diego Zoo
this actually something that we have not
done we've like actually I haven't done
this since I was like in kindergarten I
used to go all the time when I was kid
cuz we yeah they loved this video zoo
it's huge it's crazy it's fun it's like
the look is like the best zoo in the
world
I agree sure it's one of the best ones I
don't know if I have ever old but it
might be one of the best America it's
really good it's really big it's a good
person to take people from out of town
Swedish figure centella yeah
and look at all this greenery
oh this Petco Park Oh apart maybe you're
over close to it there's a lot of green
down yeah it's very pretty down here
we're pretty close to the beach but this
is kind of like
cool woodsy area and I'm really excited
for Ollie to go because I feel like he's
going to kind of enjoy the animals and
stuff it'll be fun to see his reaction
but he's so bored right now moving in
the car for a while it's quite a bit of
traffic on the way here so robo say
those so yeah
Lissie can you believe how big that
thing is
that Rhino was much
oh my mister look at all he can do his
point he's like what the heck thank you
give me your best hog impression give
your best hog impression give me your
best hog impression Allie Hagen pressure
go
look how cuddly he is can we get one
seeing the markets really makes me want
to watch The Lion King again how about
you yeah is that what was that what they
do wah wah wah
ah crap
but it's so cool I have to say just this
whole experience just seeing all these
animals here is amazing I'm so glad you
guys came and we did this me too I so
cool they're like why is this giant
moving sidewalk in the middle of my home
oli slow down oh she's just chasing the
bird whoa what are you doing I'm
perching my hand out in case of bird
lands on hahahaha okay let me just add
one in for you look at it yo
you
tell me what you got you got a panda I
give my loves it all right here's the
deal guys our camera is dead we film so
much but it doesn't sue but we had so
much fun right now we are at the Hard
Rock Jared and Ellie it gives you Shanna
banana and we just ordered a ton of food
so we're gonna eat but I'm gonna go
ahead and end the vlog here baby no more
better
oh here it is
that's what's up I hope you guys join
trace Paquita thumbs up if you did and
we'll see you tomorrow bye oh my gosh
many nights just like in the
neighborhood excited to come hang out
yeah we saw it differently
oh where they did I told you and it did
