good morning guys we are having an
awesome awesome morning brian is
actually still upstairs he's feeling
quite sick which is kind of a bummer but
I think he's just gonna have to get his
energy back he was up pretty late
editing and dizzyland and all that so
but we had an awesome breakfast Brian
missed out we had pancakes scrambled
eggs and bacon we did kind of actually
burn the bacon a little bit but you know
it'll be fine it was good so now he's
doing the dishes right what else would
you like
cuz kind of nice this is our tiny baby
my new amazing things are you throwing
that huh he's like throwing a football
at his face kind of its kind of
heartless this morning it seems like you
didn't catch it why didn't you catch a
football
oh my goodness look at this cutie he's
playing in always a little thing you're
so cute he's been a little bit funny
today he's kind of in like I swear he's
like scared of his own shadow he'll like
see something and he just like I don't
know you're crazy huh
but did you oh look who's finally up
he's not feeling very good though today
no my head hurts
I really just I can't think I can't I
just can't even I don't know what's
wrong but yeah he had a late night
though so he's just not very feeling
very good all right guys I just got done
getting ready and just know that it's
Halloween today and I'm so excited
Halloween happy Halloween it's actually
probably November first for you guys but
telling for us and I actually just got
ready and Shh I'm actually wearing
Ellie's shoes they're so comfortable
you're writing us today yeah did you
care no no it's okay but I was gonna
write but I have my the heels it'll go
with my office okay okay good yay
they're so comfortable too they really
are than fun oh I love them thank you
yeah all right guys I just got munchkin
to bed he's gonna take a nap actually
I'm so tired I think I might end up
actually taking a little nap I just need
a little pick-me-up and then wait celery
Halloween yay
you guys I just had the best nap I just
feel so much better and actually I just
where am I
oh my gosh wait am i everything looks so
different
hmm look at these adorable shoes that I
just found I am totally going to put
these on oh so pretty love them now that
I'm old dress let's go ahead and go get
all the way up from his nap hey baby are
you awake ah it's a little munchkin what
are you doing your little munchkin
do you know how to get me home
I'm so confused where I'm at you say I
need to find the Wizard of Oz will you
come with me
alright let's go find The Wizard of Oz
here we go not a fun song I love it
let's go see what Brian's doing what are
you doing in here
who me
well yeah what are you doing you're just
pounding on this are you trying to edit
this video what is the problem I do not
know what the problem is
hello did a munchkin how are you well
you know why I can't edit a video well
it sounds like you need a brain I think
I might be missing that and that's why I
cannot edit this video all right well
we're going to see the Wizard of Oz I
need to get home do you want to come
with me and maybe you'll have a brain
for you can get me a brain maybe like
I'm like I'm like a brain brain yeah a
brain where a brain yes brain yeah brain
I don't have a brain sometimes I repeat
the same word yes let's link on
are you okay I think I think he's frozen
okay wait
I think he's made of tin in not for sure
hmm those lips thank you oh man I've
been stuck like that for I don't know
how long
so what have you been doing here though
all this time well I've been leaving
heartless comments for so long I just
kind of froze here what you don't have a
heart I know I don't that's really mean
guy well when you don't have a heart you
do kind of mean things Wow I think they
usually come with us to the Wizard of Oz
to get you a heart I could use a heart
let's you're not a munchkin thinks you
need a heart yes this little munchkin
I'll go with you guys
let's get a heart let's go get a heart
let's go get a heart let's link arms for
some reason that seems like a great way
to travel I'm gonna link arms this way
this way yeah okay this way
this other side I see other yes we will
link arms like this
hmm what's this why he's running away
scared little line were nice why are you
so frightened little lion you need some
courage we can get you some courage you
just come with us
this is something a good plan I think is
a good man okay let's go see the Wizard
of Oz well we're off to see the Wizard
those are my shoes well I fuck it back
given that no one would generally take
your shoes my shoes now I found them I
don't thank you my little pretty
oh not so fast
dingdong the witch is dead weevil which
record which dingdong do it get richest
day now you don't have to give me your
shoes right okay I think this is was a
really fun adventure but I'm ready to go
home there's no place like home there's
no place like home no place like home
I just had the craziest dream and I'm
across the street Oh
I had a dream that I was in another land
and that all of you guys were these
crazy like characters and here you are
you actually I'm so weird actually don't
have a brain you actually don't have a
heart and this guy is scared of
everything like to steal people's shoes
hurry baby you guys we had so much fun
filming this and getting ready for this
we are the winner of I actually don't
need anyone yeah like the cute as much
get a my name is al play this cost yeah
we had a lot of fun with that it was
kind of just silly and we wanted to do
like a little Halloween special like we
did last year if you guys have more last
year's it was fun too you guys can check
that out it was a little corny guys was
it was it too corny no like this I like
can you believe we like all the
characters for the words that are my
eyes like who are we missing really
wizard the wizard oh you guys let me
know how that money is kind of it's kind
of silly but it's funny
hey Missy have you seen your sister I
have not where where is she where is
Cassie do you see her anywhere
do they see her anywhere I find ah
Cassie is Waldo wait a wat Where's Waldo
and what inspired - Cassie I just what
inspired this it was only three pieces
thingy this night wasn't as easy as
seeing this is an extra large
in the back it looks cool and you got
the Where's Waldo positioning I did
thank you ollie you look so cute look at
your little hair oh my gosh he's like I
know it literally is me and my munchkin
now you and your munchkin we've been
calling him that like oh we say Trick or
Treat smell my feet give me something
good to eat come on
he thinks when we get to the door he's
gonna go in their house and hang out
with them and they shut the door and
he's like wait wait this house looks so
cool you guys look at this
ha ha ha so cool hello ghost shed under
your new toothbrush what do you got
sister you choose blue toothbrush bud
thank you shall I brush your teeth no
look at you're kind of still Dorothy no
I'm half Dorothy on top and then half
tiger we get this kid all ready for
beddy-bye time we ordered some pizza we
got some pumpkins I think we're gonna do
some carving but I'm gonna head and end
today's vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it
if you did kick that thumbs up button
and let me know what you guys were for
Halloween in the comments below we'll
see you tomorrow bye - don't breathe
good job children
two three four this is still I think my
favorite thing in California Adventure
it's called The Sorcerer's workshop and
it's this huge room it's air-conditioned
so it feels amazing and they have like
tons of concept art
