don't do it Missy don't do it don't drop
your phone don't drop it
these are boys gonna do amazing things
hello puppy dog you're in my car how
much is that doggy in the window right
karma karma we gotta go to the park you
gonna play you gonna run and frolic it's
your best friend karma gonna come to the
park with us yes hey you little cutie
patootie guacamole - - booty shootie
suti duty food it couldn't get all that
I really got a tickle of that oh and
look who we have oh it's the vlog guest
of honor
Missy oh where the doves
yeah I'd miss you I planned for the
doves I'm sorry
they didn't go as planned Missy's
birthday weekend and I guess today is
just a birthday right yeah we celebrate
today is my birthday because um tomorrow
is Monday's are boring nothing's gonna
happen tomorrow so Sunday my family is
here so we're just gonna like do a big
birthday it basically it's her birthday
all week it's been her birthday all week
and she's been reminding me and she
thinks I forgot okay
it's my birth every time he does
anything to annoy me it's my birthday
it's my birthday
we're gonna go frolic at the park I'm
gonna shut up because my sister and my
brother I know these poisonous they
looked at their purple this is a
diseased plant I'll let you know if I
get poison ivy yes I just touched it
touched it so you can't touch anyone now
his done you can spread it we are at the
park Karma's here
he found it dirty nasty ball it's really
really gross I'm not going to take it
home I'm sorry I know he's being so cute
guys did you see the shoes we just got
him little boot these little boots yeah
he literally got here and he just like
started picking up sticks and I was like
what the heck who is this
kid monalee come on used to go to this
park all the time member yeah this is
Karma's favorite park huh you can let
him off leash now Oh free because like
in this part like it looks like we're in
the middle of the woods I know but we're
not nope literally a right there's a
road right there right there right in
the center of town and it looks like the
woods which helps cuz sometimes we have
to like film videos and stuff we want to
look kind of woodsy and it is it looks
woodsy and then right over there there's
like grass and a whole thing of grass
though I don't like being around here
though cuz it's so like just bugs
everywhere and just drives me nuts come
on come on come on you were walking like
a crazy man looks like he's about to
fall over it's like a karma come here no
no no don't go down there
he really touch it he hates nature Holly
found a big ol stick for karma karma you
want it you want it will you fetch it
we'll see oh you got it bring it here
fetch that boy good job
Hey don't dig come on
this can be your new walking stick you
like sticks he's like yes I win come on
look at me so happy I just give the kid
a stick and he's happy all right Missy
are you gonna do 25 candles or cheat and
do the 2 5 yeah yeah
25 is cool though it smells so good in
here
my mom is against the rules it's a no-no
my favorite thing to do on my birthday
is to make my cake Missy likes to make
her cake chocolate cake and it has to be
a Duncan Hines but it's cooking now and
I even got to have some batter because I
made it here in time so all is right
with the world
don't do it Missy don't do it don't drop
your phone don't drop it
I just trying to pose it she's trying to
pose an Instagram and we pulled into the
parking garage where it's dead so
there's no service what good job Cassie
does it work yeah it's not work
I worked really hard on it update it
like you're not following me follow me
Missy landing all right guys it's my
birthday dinner and I chose PF Changs
and I've always been obsessed with this
horse but look at it donate a dollar
normally it's just like a regular collar
is not like horses is it cha I don't
know what is it it's really massive I've
always wanted to get on it oh man I want
to get on it so badly but be really
really drunk Yeah right but it's pink
for breast cancer awareness month we
don't know that but it's pretty
cool-looking he's like wait a minute all
he's in his Tiger suit Mama's in her
Tiger suit okay guys I get to wear my
birthday suit look at this okay I'm 25
and I have 23 candles
oh the boys are 25 gotcha okay or else
my diary the first one in wax everywhere
well you better hurry the house is gonna
start a fire he has no idea what's going
on he's like wait I thought we only do
this for me okay
miss he loves this she's loving this
you're like a little tiger what is it
what do you say what is it mmm bottom
glazed maple with all the lace
you weren't supposed to get me it was
working I know but I already did so I
thought I'm gonna play along with this
because you don't think I'm getting you
anything yeah so couple days ago Missy
was like don't buy me any big presence I
don't really want to do that and I was
like joke's on you
it already has okay okay do you like it
today get the right color yes I love its
the icy blue you can make me cupcakes I
can make pumpkin bread in my cupcake
holders yeah I had the best birthday
pre-birthday ever I'm gonna call it pre
birthday now today yeah Brian like
totally told me I got KitchenAid like
that for so long I know I've been
wanting for so long and I really wasn't
expecting to get it but he surprised me
and he got me some flowers look how
pretty these are they didn't actually
love these ones a lot more than the
other ones
so yeah I have no makeup on just so you
know this is how beautiful she is with
me anyways we're gonna go ahead and end
the vlog because it's night time wait
there is a new video up on baby league
super cute blogging from Halloween I
will say we only have two more episodes
left
look who's vlogging so go watch the Sun
we got a really special one plan for
next week and it should be exciting and
make sure you check tomorrow's vlog yeah
it'd be fun you're not gonna want to
miss tomorrow's vlog I'm just gonna say
that that's all we're gonna say okay
it's all we can say alright give it a
lot um ZUP if you enjoyed it and we'll
see you guys around
it's like a little car
