amazing things hey guys so my job for
today is this backyard gotta clean it up
get it all nice and neat karma loves to
poop over in those rocks still I tried
stopping him but it's like impossible so
I gotta clean all that up
and actually we've been heating this
pool for a couple days now and how it
feels I was afraid to do this oh my gosh
it's warm you guys the water is warm
that's amazing I think I have it set to
like 86 that fills dang good holy cow we
are gonna be swimming in this later you
guys it's not even like that cold out
but at night it's been getting like it's
not like in the 50s last night itself
felt good in the house looking nice for
the weekend and next week Missy's out
getting a little massage so she's having
some me time hey Karma you and I are
having some uni time huh where's the
monitor I think I left the monitor
upstairs but always fast asleep and it's
got really excited because we have
leftover pizza yeah yep there he is fast
asleep
his kids been such a good sleeper lately
you guys hey there guys I
it just got done with a very relaxing
massage I got up today and I was like
it's my birthday weekend I'm gonna give
him massage so I pretty much just got
myself a massage and it was very very
nice now I am headed to Walmart so I get
some last-minute like stuff for our
costumes which I'm really excited about
and then I'm headed home
I'm also starving as usual I feel like
every time I vlog I'm telling you that
I'm starving but I'm literally starving
you guys really don't want fast food and
I don't think there's anything at home
and I'm just so hungry I got my life ah
what's up my little Ollie pop how are
you is that daddy's water can I have it
it come on Ollie pop give me the water
oh I called him Ollie pop earlier and he
legit repeated after me he was like a
lollipop oh he was on the drink
let me get you something to drink he
just ate good lunch and I gave him some
of this apple juice in this Cup but it's
like dripping everywhere got all over my
floor he's not wearing any shorts so I'm
gonna give it to him in another cup hang
on buddy never tries this cupcake
alright can you say Ollie pop can you
say Ollie pop for the camera
he's like no I got my apple juice I'm
Audi basically though this whole floor
right here covered in apple juice
cuz that dang flat it Cup oh you guys so
yesterday I showed you these candies
that we got from a viewer in Japan and I
sent them to : because I was interested
if he knew what they were and he said
this is what got them addicted to hide
shoes because they're basically hi
choose so it's like a starburst and gum
that you can swallow pretty interesting
but we got banana strawberry grape and
apple I ate a couple of bananas and
they're pretty dang good what can you
say olive ah
you say Ollie pop up oh wow the olly
olly olly pop pop oh wow the olly olly
olly pop what are you watching Oliver
James are you watching um Peppa Pig and
you're eating a little pig silly I just
got home and I got a few things at
Walmart I grabbed this pop kit what is
it
cake pop and yeah it's basically like
little eyeballs that you stick on
fourths and they're like cake pops and
then I grabbed some makeup because we
might be doing a little bit of makeup
it's like a monster kids don't like
everything which I thought was cool it
had like the pens and then all kinds of
like face makeup some blood glitter
white makeup and then like these I think
this is pretty handy you might end up
using a lot of it I got a few other
things but I'm not going to show you
everything because surprise
excuse me ma'am do you need some help
with that no down yeah
no more grocery shopping for me I didn't
want to hang out with Mickey right look
at this
cheeky little smile Oh No Oh dad you're
embarrassing me
I love you ollie pop I love you Allie
pop
I'm trying to get him to say it cuz
leave that it earlier me he's like he
said all he confident he said oh you pop
he said it pretty clear huh ah what it's
like when a kid does something Q and
you're like okay let me let me take a
picture our film it it never happens
yeah it's all he's favorite time when we
unpack stuff he plays with the boxes
that's the coolest toy ever huh he was
just playing with the water King did you
not like this one look at they're both
really cool you like that
we go in swimming going swimming we've
got Jimmy are you excited yay yay yay we
are gonna jump in this pool Karma's
already and that has a feel Karma okay
he's like already trying to get in I'm
here the pool and it feels quite nice
how does it feel
it's karma gonna like I mean it's all I
gonna like it yeah yeah it's like heck
no what do you think all right I'm gonna
try it now I definitely like this
temperature you're not coming you so
happy pool party go in there look at you
being out independent and such this is
just from warming it like the three
hours to say it runs yeah this is really
really nice really there's a lot of
being able to swim in October you know
what I mean like in Idaho your guess
women like August yeah and yeah in most
states you're you're done swimming
because it's just too cold even if you
heat the pool you get out and you're
gonna be freezing Carly loves it too all
right we got chicken being grilled up
and I'm making some Alfredo and I think
we're just gonna throw it together some
chicken alfredo but Ali's being a
daredevil
come on help him get on you crazy kid
ah they seen all they're playing we got
Halloween Town on cheesy Disney
Halloween movie just how I like them Oh
hocus-pocus is on in 10 minutes I'm
gonna record it on the DVR well we got
Halloween Town on and we are making some
dinner I love this time of year because
all these kind of movies
playing you know they're fun what's your
favorite Halloween movie they let me
know in the comments I asked Missy she
couldn't think of one she was kind of
deprived as a child
you weren't really allowed to watch
Halloween movies oh nice save oh hey
there ally did you just close me out of
the hallway I'm gonna come get you I'm
gonna come get you
oh hey mr. Miyagi 4:9 night can you say
9:00 night
oh he's like my mom this must be close
getting ready for bed I just had a mini
meltdown at dinnertime we made dinner
and put it in front of him and he
literally burst into tears I mean
full-blown just tears and I was like oh
my god
and I waited to like panic like what's
wrong and I just think that he was so
hungry and then he just didn't want that
like that didn't look like good he's
just couldn't get over it so we got food
in him now he's drinking his milk
Mississippi I'm about to throw this
thing in the trash because it's supposed
to be leak proof or whatever but o-m-g
that thing just pours out snot sure I'm
very happy about that I ran down yeah
I'm gonna need to get some new ones they
they used to work so maybe something
maybe the seal isn't right with it right
now or something right we're much
happier huh baby are you ready for now
nice can you say I'm ready for
night-night so her mom gave him a bath
yesterday and she said he's doing this
new thing let's see if he'll do it for
me okay here's the ducky honey
nope nope all right and the blog this
kid is just he's he's done I'm done
we're ready for bed so hope he hasn't
hit the fog though he the long thumbs up
we're gonna have a lot of fun tomorrow
because we're basically celebrating my
birthday tomorrow so should be a lot of
fun but we will see you guys from
is it called
hey where's mama mama is he afraid come
on
is he afraid of ice
