these things are poisonous Missy told me
don't eat them don't eat these plants
they look so so yummy though this is our
son baby boy he's gonna do amazing
things come on down a little bit faster
now any day any day would be great
look at my cute family good morning mama
gave me some morning kisses is he
brushing his hair brush your hair make
it look all good yeah
gotta miss his hair up cuz he made it
look all good to the big box of toys all
he wakes up and the first thing he does
he goes to his bit of toys which we need
to clear out Missy they don't even all
fit look at all these toys they don't
even fit in the bin and he picks one out
this morning I think he's used in the
brush good morning beautiful people of
the Internet it is a DEA utiful day here
in sunny Southern California look at
this pool you guys waterfall going blue
waters we got to figure out how to heat
that up today we have so much to do I'm
sure Missy has given me a list that is
very long yesterday Missy went by the
peel box and got so much cool stuff you
guys have to see this this is by Alyssa
from Wisconsin she drew this picture of
ollie
check that out
that is amazing go alyssa is that crazy
I'm not I'm just gonna try and frame it
try and fit it in a frame somehow yeah
because that is amazing so thank you so
much I think one of my favorite things
of all time is like seeing cartoons and
drawings and my paintings of us I think
that's just so cool tons of cool cards
you got a birthday card
OOP ooh Missy's birthday is on Monday
right but it's really just like all week
it's all week um I have to get you a
present
has he had cheez-its yeah you just take
one yeah miss Melly's arm is here you
gotta give it to yourself
oh geez and I never had cheese and
something like since fourth grade maybe
no they're not cheesy enough tastes like
cheddar cheese no it don't it tastes
like cracker you finish that one check
out what else I got someone sent me a
lego movie lego sets Lyndsey Walker
Carson Allison Elizabeth and drape dress
wow that is a big family thank you so
much you guys this is like one of the
first lego sets that I've gotten so far
and I do plan on buying some and I want
to get some shelves and I want to put
them up put that together and then once
you're doing time one more okay I want
to do like speed builds on my channel
which is coming you guys next month I
have no idea is this gum obviously some
kind of fruity candy it's got stitch on
it
Oh bye I can read bye it says by hand
side hair inspect it for me some sort of
Japanese candy can you tell me what it
is though hmm
I don't know alright guys first thing on
our list is a car wash so this is a
pretty cool car wash place it's pretty
cheap and you just like leave your car
and they wash the inside and the outside
we have tons of trash because we tend to
go get the mail and then just throw all
our junk mail in the back
so much junk mail it's nice it's been
ridiculous yeah throw that away so we're
just getting all the trash out of the
car so that they can clean it
good old nest he needs a good cleaning
she's a little dirty yeah yeah yeah
put him in his little messy we are now
walking to lunch cuz we haven't eaten
anything yet and it's like almost a mile
walk like 15 minutes look a bad car wash
is gonna take like 30 so figure we'll
just kill some time and come down here
and get some food it's hot it's hotter
than usual today I actually did not tell
you to wear those I told you that you
should not wear those yeah they're those
fake pants - I have the pockets but
they're like sweat tights hey these are
real pants okay they see me strolling
they watching thumbs up and trying to
catch me strolling dirty trying to get
three strolling dirty so it turns out
the food that was down here was a Carl's
jr. so we're settling cuz we're starving
but uh Missy he I had Ollie and I was
walking so fast and Missy got so far
behind me that what happened some some
guy in a truck with
how how far are you behind me look
really far like 15 feet you're taking
the same amount of steps huge using
bigger steps all he's got salt and
pepper uh I didn't think I long to get
here though you just been standing next
to me and no one would whistle at me
if they whistled out my wife to toss
them I got a hot wife know how I let it
out is it called oh thanks where's mama
go get mama Oh
is he afraid come on
is he afraid of heights he's got this
cool little net thing I then played on
one of these in forever
I'm Way too big I mean fitting that it
be like Charlie and the Chocolate
Factory up in here
get the Oompa Loompas would come out cuz
I'd be stuck easy afraid what happened
he's so freaked out
you're not even not high up haha poor
kids afraid of all the fun stuff you're
afraid of all the fun stuff kid
through the tunnel with him holding my
neck I'll look at their fun item and now
we walk back to the car wash
honking hear what I'm saying cuz we're
right next to a road and it's really
loud but Missy apparently these things
are poisonous Missy told me don't eat
them don't eat these plants they look so
so yummy though surprisingly I didn't
take as long to get back to our car than
it did to get to the place or get to
Carl's jr. we have a theory we're pretty
sure that they were they move it it's
closer so that we'd have to walk a smart
so definitely it seemed as far um Bow
Wow look at this clean car so sparkly
alright guys the next thing that needs
to be worked on is the garage look at
all of this
yeah old furniture old toys boxes from
Ikea goes all the way back in there I
gotta do something with this figure out
what we're gonna do with all this old
furniture I don't want to keep it and
then maybe we'll use it later on you
know but definitely lots of crap well hi
guys I am cleaning I am a cleaning full
today actually this bathroom reeks okay
I'm going to tell you why in a second
cuz no one has gone to the bathroom in
here anytime soon so hang on I am really
bad at lying
things okay press there and then you
press cute press cute fire
all right this is the home sent
pumpkin-spice cousin all known
successful pumpkin-spice reason why this
bathroom stinks so bad is because I
bought this brand new plunder which by
the way is brand new like a basically
like this thing but I'm not going to
good it smells like rubber and oh oh God
is like this second with as it came up I
put it in here the other day and I shut
the door we don't really use this
bathroom a lot and when I came in here
just now eight three I mean it seriously
this bathroom smells like rubber so that
really sucks so I'm gonna have to like
air out this room a little bit light a
candle and all that by the way you guys
will all be so happy to hear that I
found my driver's license
funny thing is I found it in a place I
have looked probably four or five times
definitely more relieved than irritated
because I would much rather just be
inconvenienced for a few days and have
to go order in a whole new one and whoa
look at all this free space you guys
obviously we still to go to the
furniture but I pushed it over in that
corner I totally just realized that I
cannot get in there to shut that light
off so that's fun pizza's here
but where is everybody else
oh Darius hey yo you ready go on
adventure with your I'll backpack yeah
and what's mommy doing get him pretty
she's getting pretty we're going to the
movies tonight just her and I just you
and I we're going to the movies we're
not taking Holly we're gonna watch the
whole thing
Mimi's on her way so she's gonna watch
him and you see you're not gonna go see
a movie what are we gonna go see um the
best part you don't even know what it's
called
I was that it was Fox one strike thug
him with a pizza pie Friday night yeah
chasing some dr. pepper in honor of my
buddy Jared all he's eaten his pizza on
his custom oliveira tops Matt we got two
of these from viewers they
you guys so much because this thing is
genius you're my little Oliveira tops
right Ollie's babysitter has arrived
we got Cassie and Jimmy how many people
does it take to watch this kid probably
this medi cuz he's crazy right it is all
minute yeah we're like don't fit him to
bed he's gonna be up all night look at
him run around a little backpack alright
Missy and I just got out of the movie we
saw the best of me what do you think you
liked it and how do you like your ice
cream let's not get stuck all I know is
Missy's very picky about her ice cream
no she got ice cream okay okay Dairy
Queen is known my tongues a little bit
freezing Dairy Queen is known for their
very smooth just ice cream okay
this Dairy Queen every time you go to it
they give you this is not smooth it's
too chocolatey
it's wrong flavor it's wrong texture and
I've tried it from the other machine and
it's perfectly fine I just want to
nicely walk in there hey can you give me
example of each boat now can you can you
like to give me a sample of each kind
now sample tonight I want you to try
this do you taste the difference
oh it's wrong it's not this right kind
and I'm just really upset about it and
they're close so we can't go in there
and I just want a nice leave I don't
understand that the machine is broken
this is an ice cream connoisseur you
guys did not know right babe yeah I love
ice cream
I really feel like if you're known for
something you should make it good movie
it was all romantic and stuff best of me
go see it we're gonna end today's vlog
we're on our way home all these fast
asleep I hope you guys enjoyed the video
if you did give it a thumbs up go watch
me seize new video I'll have a link
below in the description to see you guys
tomorrow bar
we taught him to do you take a drink
Mexican food liking that tortilla buddy
we actually got
