someone's here someone's here is it
Santa did you read it in Fianna this is
our son baby
whoa there's a new amazing things good
morning all he has something to say can
you say it ollie say happy birthday mama
happy birthday it's officially my
birthday even though we celebrate it a
lot of it
yesterday we are gonna be celebrating
today as well and Holly for the rest of
the week because it is my birthday week
25 I'm 25 years old I'm a sister put in
a card she said oh yeah let me get this
let me quote okay love you old lady and
halfway to 30 I'm halfway to 30 I
married an older woman he didn't marry
an older woman but apparently to Cassie
I'm halfway to 30 that is a scary number
to me but yeah friends making me some
breakfast I can't find anywhere oh it's
probably in here hurry get it gonna get
it he's making me some pancakes and
bacon and all is very hungry you ready
for breakfast my little monster my
little monster he took you he woke up a
little bit off I don't know he's acting
a tiny bit strange but he might just be
hungry since we had an early dinner last
night and um now it's morning and he's
ready for breakfast just gonna flip it
oh those are big oh those look delicious
oh dang we got pancake my dad makes made
pancakes when I was little every
Saturday morning and I was helping
number one so for real I didn't know
that every Saturday you had pancakes
yep when I was like four years old we
would make breakfast like every single
morning pancakes and I got stayed like I
accept Jesus as my savior while making
breakfast my dad what yeah Jesus and
pancakes yep that is last those look
good
oh he's down for his nap and
we're just cleaning up October it's
almost over you guys it's almost
November which means it's almost time
for my surgery it's almost time for
playlist live it's almost time for
Christmas it's basically Christmas and
just so you guys know I do plan on
decorating for Christmas quite early
this year I'm hoping for like early
November so all the windows open I know
it's so nice outside are you just
feeling that someone's coming you have a
feeling someone's coming yeah I'd like
this weird mental like a sixth sense
it's probably like a sixth sense type
thing hmm I'm getting that vibe too like
I just I don't know I don't know what's
up we're feeling it we're filling that
little anxious today someone's here
someone's here is that Santa better than
vana what are you guys doing here oh my
gosh we nights just like in the
neighborhood excited to come hang out
her door we thought that's Friday no we
saw it differently ah swear they did I
told you hey buddy
did you see we totally scared him oh my
goodness
how was the drive it was not bad
seriously we were like we could do this
often you should just more cuz I was
that's coming from the person who didn't
I feel like I slept the first floor
I was really great hours I was tracking
you guys the entire way and you were
like zoomin yeah oh look at this little
guy Zoomer
all the toys toys in there found the toy
bag so yeah you guys Ellie and Jared
aren't yeah oh baby make your baby cakes
meet go is that like the official what
you guys are calling me yeah baby baby
cakes
semi so I know we've literally it's been
so hard keeping this we've got this plan
for like I feel like months right longer
favor like we're gonna come yeah it's
been a long time coming and they're
finally here and they're gonna be here
for and it's your birthday so happy
birthday but they're here and we're
gonna just have fun and just hang out
and relax and they've had a busy couple
of months yeah yeah so they're totally
just gonna they're here to vacation eat
look at that hat on you buddy
oh my goodness hi he's moving you look
at him moving and grooving no with some
streaking you can be able to 50s I
figured if I didn't like one of the
items in here I would change if you like
those but it's not like an event like
that what are they Charleston - oh do
get in chocolate don't like it Missy
okay
Oh any type of pumpkin candle oh my
goodness oh it's got the one from yeah
you have a little an eye sauce you have
one oh yes oh yeah this is my wedding
smell yes that's cool - it love the case
Tiger gun yeah what's this there's
nothin but for fall yeah totally
I actually was just gonna go down and
get something like this nothing said
yeah she's wrong about bro I can't be
sick
he's gonna play us a song play over here
we literally have an endless just up
toys we should teach him to sit on the
piano
what's the setup mom there's people play
Elly's here and always missing out all
of the fun so let's go commune I'm here
actually you go do it
oh I would didn't you travel yep
hi Holly hi sweetheart
Oh guess you came to play Jackson to
play with you oh dear it's been hardly a
moment and you are a mist that already
asked your dad
kids oh please do not go but you know oh
you know that I must say I love you so
and you know oh you know you can trust
will be screaming up the coals that's
funny isn't it
I hate what I bet saw do you see what
you did only well finally that's laughs
oh my god that is the most precious
thing I've ever seen how's it going guys
evany and ivory sing together in part
dude our kids are friends yeah I sighed
all my town no okay so we are running
errands me and Ellie we've got the boys
in the back and we just picked up karma
are you gonna be good today yes who's
late go play with your ball yeah in the
water go swimming oh that sounds so fun
with Jackson together doctors I'm
laughing at her he thinks he's hilarious
I'm no case can see him but he's just
literally belly laughing at Karma yeah
so he's running some errands while the
boys get some work done
they're being so cute back there and
hopefully Karma's good Karma's a little
bit we'll touchy with strangers IRA's
being so good and he's so hot yeah we've
got Jackson and he met Ellie and Jerry
Jared was really excited to meet Carver
and I'm just really nervous about karma
he can be a kind of a weird dog
sometimes he's just very particular and
he was so good in love Cory and I are
good friends yes you are and karma just
keeps giving Jackson kisses and then
running from him give them yeah yeah
yeah give them good Jared a kiss there
you go good boy
overall in the family look at these
shoes you guys having fun in the tub all
he's always gotta steal the spotlight
don't you it's so cool that they just
get to hang out on the tub together
I like the tub better than the pool whoa
Missy what's going on I'm naked
bread pumpkin bread in the kitchen a
pumpkin flavored eggs does that wide
around CMSes making pumpkin bread in her
new kitchen aid can you crack your big
second egg yeah I try it when I do it
one-handed and if I make a mess is that
okay that's okay
whoa I can't it's hard to get in there
that's what she said
as you can see you guys we're having a
blast with Ellie and Jared I did want to
say that if you guys haven't guessed by
now they are our special guests that's
gonna be at our meetup on the 30th so
you better come yeah if you weren't
coming if you weren't coming because you
didn't really you were like it's just
Brian Emma see whatever come now because
it's Ellie and Jared they're gonna be
there okay I feel honored that we're
sharing meetup space we drove 10 hours
I'm expecting someone who's but hey go
check out Jared and Ellie's channel I'll
have it linked below all the time while
they're hanging out with us anymore
you got this
whoo these are strong eggs they're
organic they'll just go chickens nada
they drink their milk when they are you
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video give it a thumbs up if you did and
if we surprised you cuz we tried to keep
this a secret I think we did pretty dang
good but thank you guys for watching and
we will see you tomorrow bye oh dear
it's been hard Liam
many you are already missed that is
Eddie your skier never to have kids
oh say please do not go but you know oh
you know that I must
