check this out you guys I became
extremely crafty last night amazing
things started like sewing and making
his costume and I'm really really proud
of it I think I'm almost basically done
but good morning guys I was just sitting
up from his nap little monkey is awake
and we are ready to start our day so
let's do this I see a monkey bud good
whining hey brightening this is soo good
yeah oh yeah oh is that auntie Kelsey's
blankie that she made you you like this
one do you even know what you're saying
cuz these curls who think we're almost
ready for that haircut I'm waiting until
after Halloween because I kind of want
his hair for the Halloween costume I
don't know if that's a possible hint but
then after we're definitely gonna cut
huh what is up with that time give me
that tongue weight down yeah well done
what Mike over here that word dad dad
talks to you and mama up there that we
say good night night
hey guys it's it's hard to be scary
because this thing squeaks it's suppose
to be scary I actually just got out of a
dollar store if you guys don't know most
of our props and stuff for videos come
from the dollar store because they got
cool stuff especially around like the
seasonal time so today we're actually
filming the Halloween episode of look
who's vlogging that'll go up next week
picked up some goodies we got a skeleton
and some tombstones flashlights and this
rat that squeaks but anyway yeah it's a
hot beautiful day today it's actually
not that hot it's like 80 but yeah it's
cool picking up Halloween stuff it's
almost here you guys how about you
zombie you excited for Halloween
not particularly why well because of the
way you look the way I look you know
your bike zombie zombies have feelings
too azam but you know I love you no
disrespect a little monster are you
helping mom are you hoping mommy unload
the dishwasher he's even helping you
his nature monster skills look you guys
we got monster and we got monster who
gonna feed you some punch and a kind of
looks funny but I'm sure that you like
it what does Frankenstein eat Missy
maybe batteries
I think Frankenstein might eat bread
since he was made in a mill was it him
bread No
oh yes he's not Frankenstein
he's Frankenstein's monster Frankenstein
is the creator he should have specified
oh look at this oopy goopy stuff oh you
love that don't you
he makes that face but that face means
that he loves it right kid YUM
I got this cool what's it Booga
it's a August food it's got a truck on
it so we can go oh I'm sorry guys this
just looks what is this cottage cheese
and blueberries and he loves it are you
ready is that what monsters eat is that
what monsters eat where they don't
Frankenstein monster my Frankenstein
monster look at this you guys Missy and
I got these flowers where did you stay
like a week ago and they're still alive
I think this is a new record we I saw it
at Target it's so cheap to buy flowers
that are like in soil so it came in a
pot and then Missy got this really cool
like shabby chic bronze pot at tarjay
yesterday so we can put it in them but
they're still alive and they're very
festive oh and all he's like I'm gonna
feed this myself if you do not feed it
to me fast enough hmm
seriously though seriously he loves this
stuff don't you know okay brain tell me
what is wrong with the skeleton looked
very closely he's got balls looking at
him closely I don't
he's got five fingers hey guys Hansel
right way
right like this okay I was like a
lookout like okay like that the neck
bones connected to the shoulder bone
Soler bones back to the elbow his thumb
is on the wrong side of his hand
jeez it's weird what do you think you
wanna dance dance yeah you just want to
tear them apart it's not right totally
forgot to tell you guys but look at this
you can't even see the break where did I
break it up okay I kind of you know a
little bit barely that super glue works
good I'm so just I'm stupid I need to
stop breaking stuff that's throwing your
shoes yeah okay so this is a complete
mess because of the cable situation but
check out the setup on the new desk you
guys so I got my iMac over here
which is cool I got a space right in the
middle for my laptop and then I have a
monitor here it's just a small little
monitor hooked up to my ps4 so I can
actually game right here well sitting in
my chair the cable situation though is
out of control
look at that we got power cables we got
internet cables we got charging camp
it's just ridiculous you guys so I'm
actually gonna head to Walmart and grab
some velcro tie so I can clean it up
back there I love this okay boogie you
guys I did not I just totally like
freehand did this on a whim and it
worked I was like yeah I'm taking your
monkey swimmin I don't think so not this
time buddy and all they are gonna jump
in the hot tub we've been getting all
kinds of work done and now we're just
ready to chill and I heard last week
that you can float on your back for a
couple seconds so I'm gonna try and
practice a little bit of that I would
love to see him like float on his back
even if it was just for like two three
seconds I feel like oh my gosh me
recording okay
try to float on our backs jump hey jelly
cake float ready hang on ready don't
splash
okay I'm not seeing much floating here
guys okay load on your back
whoo careful oh he's so close like not
done good job Hey
alright that was pretty fun I don't
think I can consider him floating on his
back yet but he's getting there
alright guys I'm at Lowe's and I found
these cool velcro straps to give me gray
ones and black ones and then also some
other cable ties and white so when I
girl both of these are pretty cheap and
so we'll see which one ends up working
best I hope it cleans it up cuz it's
pretty messy now under my desk
brain you have to see whatever he was
just doing let's give you'll do it Hey
and then he like puts his hands in the
water and then you like brush a bit more
he's actually like what I don't know
fine no weird the pool oh I don't know I
turn nothing I turned it off hey buddy
are you having so much fun in the hotel
in mama
oh you're lost in here
what is bad Jose
oh he lost all that time all right you
guys you want to see the final product
check that out you guys I got all the
chords cleaned up you can see them
hiding up there I ended up using like
zip ties instead of the velcro just cuz
the zip ties were a little stronger but
check that out those are all my cords
all bundled up put the power strip up
here I hope it's okay upside down let me
know if you guys have any experience
with that and then all the way down
there so it's all nice and organized
also while I was out today I found this
shocked up pumpkin wheat it's got
cinnamon nutmeg and something else it's
pretty good but for now I'm going to end
today's vlog so I hope you guys enjoyed
it I want to thank everyone who RSVP'd
to our Meetup
it's gonna be on the 30th I'll have all
the information linked below in the
description so if you guys are planning
on going please RSVP using that link as
you put out a new video today ask video
with her mom and it turned out pretty
stinkin hilarious so go check that out
I'll have that linked below as well as
always thank you guys so much for
watching I give this video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye bye Frankenstein he put
some cute it's so simple - it's just a
long-sleeve shirt pants and a little
vest with the husband husband he do it
do it
