son baby these are boys do amazing
things
hey guys so my job for today is this
backyard gotta clean it up get it all
nice and neat karma loves to poop over
in those rocks still I tried stopping
him but it's like impossible so I got to
clean all that up and actually we've
been heating this pool for a couple days
now wonder how it feels what is afraid
to do this oh my gosh it's warm you guys
the water is warm that's amazing I think
I have it set to like 86 that feels dang
good holy cow we are gonna be swimming
in this later you guys it's not even
like that cold out but at night it's
been getting like it's not like in the
50s last night so I felt good in the
house looking nice for the weekend and
next week Missy's out getting a little
massage so she's having some me time hey
karma you and I are having some uni time
halt where's the monitor no I think I
love the monitor upstairs but always
fast asleep and I just got really
excited because we have leftover pizza
yeah yep there he is fast asleep this
kid's been such a good sleeper lately
you guys hey there guys I just
I dine with a very relaxing massage I
got up today and I was like it's my
birthday weekend I'm gonna get a massage
so I promise just got myself a massage
and it was very very nice now I am
headed to Walmart so I get some
last-minute like stuff for our costumes
which I'm really excited about and then
I'm headed home I'm also starving
as usual I feel like every time I vlog
I'm telling you that I'm starving
but I'm literally starving you guys
really don't want fast food and I don't
think there's anything at home and I
just so hungry I got my life ah what's
up my little Ollie pop how are you is
that daddy's water can I have it
it's come on Ollie pop give me the water
oh I called him Ollie pop earlier and he
legit repeated after me he was like
Ollie pop oh you wasn't to drink let me
get you something to drink
he just ate a good lunch and I gave him
some of this apple juice in this Cup but
it's like dripping everywhere got all
over I'm afraid he's not wearing any
shorts so I'm gonna give it to him in
another cup hang on buddy
I've tried this cupcake all right can
you say Ollie pop can you say Ollie pop
for the camera he's like no I got my
apple juice I'm Audi basically though
this whole floor right here covered in
apple juice cuz that dang flat it cup oh
you guys so yesterday I showed you these
candies that we got from a viewer in
Japan and I sent him to : because I was
interested if he knew what they were and
he said this is what got them addicted
to hide shoes because they're basically
hide shoes so it's like a starburst and
gum that you can swallow pretty
interesting but we got banana strawberry
grape and apple I ate a couple bananas
and they're pretty dang good
what'd you say Ollie pop you say Ollie
pop Ollie pop Ollie pop oh wow the Ollie
Ollie ollie pop Ollie pop Oh Ollie Ollie
Ollie Ollie pop
what are you watching Oliver James are
you watching
um Peppa Pig and you're eating a little
pig Oh silly I just got home and I got a
few things at Walmart I grabbed this pop
kit what is it cake pop and yeah it's
basically like little eyeballs that you
stick on Forks and they're like cake
pops and then I grabbed some makeup
because we might be doing a little bit
of makeup it's like a monster kid got
like everything which I thought was cool
it had like the pens isn't all kind of
like face make up some blood glitter
white makeup and then like these I think
this is pretty handy who might end up
using a lot of it I got a few other
things but I'm not going to show you
everything because to surprise excuse me
ma'am do you need some help with that
oh it won't fit I think if we turn that
no down let's just try it yeah we just
think a twin Co got all the food that
we're gonna need for the week all he's
done he's like yeah no more grocery
shopping for me I didn't wanna hang out
with Mickey right look at this cheeky
little smile Oh No
Oh dad you're embarrassing me I love you
ollie pop I love you ollie pop
I'm trying to get him to say it cuz he's
at it earlier you kind of hurt it yeah
we get in the car
when gran was telling me he's like he
said all he prompted and he said are you
popped he said it pretty clear huh he
just did it
ah what yeah lollipop yeah it's like
when a kid does something Q and you're
like okay let me let me take a picture
our film it it never happens yeah it's
all he's favorite time when we unpack
stuff he plays with the boxes that's the
coolest toy ever huh he was just playing
with the water thing did you not like
this one look at they're both really
cool
you ready it's like a little car you
like that we're going swimming going
swimming
we got rich Evan you're excited yeah say
yay yay we are going to jump in this
pool Karma's already and that has a feel
karma but Leo stays like always trying
to get in I'm here the pool and it feels
quite nice
how's it feel it's warm really feels so
great Missy yeah love it it's Karma
gonna like I mean it's all I gonna like
it yeah
can you like heck no it's pretty good
what do you think all right I'm gonna
try it now I definitely like this
temperature yeah come in you so happy
hey here you got anything this October
pool party oh it's this you want to go
in there turtle look at you being all
independent and such this is just from
warming it like the three hours a day it
runs yeah this is really really nice
really there's a lot of me being able to
swim in October you know what I mean
like in Idaho your guess women like
August yeah and yeah and most states
you're you're done swimming because it's
just too cold even if you heat the pool
you get out and you're gonna be
karma loves it too all right we got
chicken being grilled up and I'm making
some Alfredo and I think we're just
gonna throw together some chicken
alfredo but Ali's being a little
daredevil huh pretty much me I just
watched him get on here and then eat
wise onto this come on come on come on
help em help him get on crazy kid aah
they seen all they're playing we got
Halloween Town on cheesy Disney
Halloween movie just how I like them
Oh hocus-pocus is on in 10 minutes I'm
gonna record it on the DVR well we got
Halloweentown on and we are making some
dinner I love this time of year cuz all
these kind of movies are playing you
know they're fun what's your favorite
Halloween movie though let me know in
the comments I asked Missy she couldn't
think of one she was kind of deprived as
a child
you weren't really allowed to watch
Halloween movies oh nice save ha ha ha
oh hey there ally did you just close me
out of the hallway I'm gonna come get
you I'm gonna come get you
oh you locked me out hey mister
you ready for night-night can you say
night-night oh he's like um mom this
must be close getting ready for bed I
just had a mini meltdown at dinnertime
we made dinner and put in front of him
and he literally burst into tears I mean
full-blown
just tears and I was like oh my god and
I wanted to like panic like what's wrong
and I just think that he was so hungry
and then he just didn't want that like
that didn't look like good he's just
couldn't get over it so we got food in
him
drinking his milk this sippy I'm about
to throw this thing in the trash because
it's supposed to be leak proof or
whatever but Oh mg that thing just pours
out its not sure I'm very happy about
that right now yeah I'm gonna need to
get some new ones day they used to work
so maybe something maybe the seal isn't
right with it right now or something
right we're much happier huh baby
are you ready for a nice can you say I'm
ready for night-night so my mom gave him
a bath yesterday and she said he's doing
this new thing let's see if he'll do it
for me okay here's the ducky ready nope
hang on hang on
ready yay stay still oh yay nope all
right guys we're gonna end the vlog this
kid is just he's he's done I'm done
we're ready for bed so hope he doesn't
do it the fog though get a lot of thumbs
up we're gonna have a lot of fun
tomorrow because we're basically
celebrating my birthday tomorrow so
should be a lot of fun but we will see
you guys from let me know is it called
eggs
where's mama go get mama
Oh is he afraid come on is he afraid of
heights
is he
