that was the only way to say okay okay
right in the red Sun baby boys do
amazing things
good morning me and Ollie are off to
swim oh you want the circularity
the lightnin guys you ready to swim swim
swim swim brian is working and I'm
actually here a bit early which is
always good I'm totally fine with being
early I hate being late or running late
or feeling like I'm going to be late
that's just the worst feeling ever but
I'm kind of sitting here and I just
realized that I have not been able to
find my driver's license in a long time
like since we got back from Oregon
because I know I had it when I obviously
got on the plane because I needed to get
you know through security and stuff like
that but I haven't seen it since and
kind of freaking out now because I lost
it and I know I often lose things and
that's just kind of part of who I am but
I always expect to either find them or
like run across it but I have it and we
are leaving for New York uh November so
I have to have it at least by November
and I also I'm having a surgery November
and I feel like I'm gonna might pop I
feel like you just need your license so
now I'm kind of in panic mode and I'm
wondering if I should order one if I
order one how long will it take to get
here oh it's kind of stressful all right
Alan are you ready to go swimmin I've
done you are done being in the car and I
think Mimi's gonna meet us here too so
that's fun and the poor is probably wait
we had to listen to some Disney Channel
I love the Disney Channel and whenever
me and Brawley are off to swim I always
turn on turn it on and I just get so
happy so and we're going to Disneyland
next week for a meet-up and for
Disneyland so I really really
sited about that doesn't mean music just
always puts being a good mood good boy
good work come on
how'd you do it swim what do you think
how do you think you did
yeah we just got out of swim and he did
pretty good he was very Wiggly and kind
of just being crazy um but hey good yeah
you're being crazy
you hear me um but now me my mom uh I
hop and we're gonna get some food cuz I
need to fuel up because I got lots to do
today good morning guys I love the day
after you get a haircut yesterday I got
a haircut it looks exactly as it did
after I had my hair cut
it's amazing simple things in life hey
good morning karma how are you doing
this morning hey buddy
is that a cute little puppy even though
you're mischievous and kind of annoying
sometimes we still love ya so Missy and
Ollie went to swim this morning and she
has a ton of errands to do afterwards so
I got the house to myself and I think
I'm just gonna sweep and vacuum while
she's gone
cuz it's a easy to get that done one
when she's gone Thursday's are my day to
get everything done so basically I have
baby League video to edit and send today
and then Missy's video I'm gonna edit
today so there should be a new one up
today so if you check those links in the
description you'll see one of her videos
up today but it's tough to get things
done when they're here because they're
my family and I love them and I want to
hang out with them and do things with
them and so they distract me distract me
let there be light you see how dark my
offices may be don't because the camera
automatically adjusts but this office is
so dark all I really got is that light
and these three lights which are dumb I
don't even like right when I start
filming in here for my videos I am gonna
actually need natural light oops
everything just jiggled it's nice
because in Missy's room in the in that
guest room where she's filming now we
don't need any like lights it's it's
like perfectly well lit it's amazing how
do I look now I'm ready for my close-up
hey okay so we're gonna have Ross and
I'm looking for some sort of into put in
a spare room because we're gonna get
like snacks and things to put in there
for when people stay with us and I
really really love this one silver and
my kind of really rustic and pretty and
like it went up 1199 I'm gonna try
prayin see what he thinks I think that
this is a better one it's not as big so
hopefully like all the snacks I want to
put in here but it's really pretty don't
you think it's all kinds of character on
it no you don't like it no no no when I
went with the silver one that I wanted
Ryan's like yeah that one's cool it was
like it's a little bit fancy but I think
it's really cute and like classic
looking and that's kind of what I'm
going for in the room it's such a stupid
little thing that I'm like thinking
about what it's such a silly little
thing but I don't know I just I like
small details like that actually I just
changed all of her out of his shirt
because it is much warmer today then I
thought it was going to be when I left
the house this morning let me
demonstrate
Ollie is previewing the new look who's
vlogging that I just edited what do you
think do you approve he has to watch
every single episode with me he has to
prove every episode before it goes live
what do you think you think it's a good
one a good Halloween special Judi greasy
headed karma oh you want to watch more
of the video let's put him in the chair
and you could be my new editor okay you
can edit videos right you're cute enough
to star and then you could edit them
freaking about it they look like they're
all right guys Brian I found my defense
did you know that was a thing my dad did
the finger of death you're not the only
defense the tickle of death the finger
of death is what oh you know what did
you know my dad did tickle us we'll call
us the finger death on now it sounds
very scary it's the finger of death but
it was funny and he would go to tickle
us and the only defense was to stick his
finger up our nose that was the only way
to say okay okay okay
Yeah right in the race right in between
the ribs not funny
anyways um Brian just got done doing a
bunch of work it's been a bum to work
he's got a bunch to do today
well yeah you are you just trying to
quote out yeah
I've got a bunch of soft to you and
really oh yeah I kind of yeah I have
been craving like delicious tacos from
like a Mexican place since we had them
at Kelsey and Corben's wedding it was
like the most amazing talk I've ever had
in my life I think I discovered my love
for Mexican food there and now I really
just need more funny story today okay do
you guys know how much a stamp is these
days put it in the comments guess right
now before she tells you how much do you
think a American stamp costs a single
American stamp one American US Postal
Service stamp okay did you leave your
comment all right let me tell you sir
it's not 40 cents it's not 50 cents it's
not even 60 cents it is 75 cents for a
single postage thing yeah go into the
PIO box today and I was shipping
something and I needed a stamp and I was
like oh I got 50 cents here I'll just
you know buy one she's like oh it's 75
cents I was like what Oh Brian yeah it's
really scary here that you see that
wheel yeah the thing is huge
holy guacamole that thing we run us over
we'd be dead yeah so anyways I think
stamps are kind of quite ridiculously
priced days Benny see we gotta see my
bags we're done talking about that we'd
be flatter than what's flatter than a
pancake those things none of those
things that are super they're kind of
like pancakes and they make them on the
round oh um and they have to flip um um
what am i okay crack left crepe crepe
crepe crepe crepe
we taught him to do after you take a
drink
Mexican food liking that tortilla buddy
we actually got him a taco and he
refused to eat any of the inside even if
it's such in the tortilla
I got a chimichanga and it is delicious
it's probably like one of our favorite
Mexican places yeah I mean really go
here alright guys we are home
why do you have a sippy cup no that's
old and if you guys didn't know today's
actually my mom's birthday so I'm gonna
try and FaceTime I think she just got
into town two sheeps have been gone for
a while but I know she wants to see Ali
Simon a face timer say happy birthday
grandma happy birthday cake ah I think
it in wait for him
hi mom good happy birthday just
restaurant strike a pose oh this is back
editing is this your new pajamas
basically I like it I get a little hot
sometimes in it yeah cuz a sexy sexy
tiger this morning so I was really cold
and also comfortable
oh that's cool are you getting a bath
then hey buddy
I do get enough to eat at the restaurant
you'll need like a tortilla
he is picky like his Madre yeah yeah
it's okay he hates them more talking be
effie brilliant be ready miss he's been
playing that game I don't want to plays
that song and he loves it alright but
anyway it's been a long day we're gonna
go ahead and today's vlog I hope you
guys enjoyed it
so I have a video on my channel I open
the citrus lane box and the only got a
couple of really really cool toys so I'm
gonna see what that is that's something
really cool related to fall yep tis
interesting so go check that out
I hope you guys try today's vlog thank
you for watching and we'll see you
tomorrow
Wow put like ok he was reaching for my
cookie and I thought it was cute I was
watching him do it and they just put
half of it in his mouth really fast
me see he ate like half a cookie is that
okay is that okay
you do make him keep it up look at how
he's like give me more Cookie Monster
