good morning guys we just got out of
swim well we didn't swim this guy swam
you're good at some school did you hear
what she said
huh she's letting him well on his own
for up to like three to four seconds
also he knows how to say I love you and
so he says I love you to all the little
girls amazing things like you I love you
we're going into I hog to get so beat
fast mommy got him yeah cuz he just gets
really hot in regular shoes he did
really good at time today was cool
seeing him but we got a lot to do but
first we got to fuel up so then I
grabbed some pancakes
aha can you hop good thing ever we are
at savers like can you get this no that
would never fit me this is probably not
old enough to wear this anyway so we're
at savers and we got our outfits like
our ideas what we want we need a pool
month kilt but I'm actually gonna try
and make all overs or like I haven't not
like make it but I kind of want to put
some things together cuz I couldn't find
his outfit anywhere online so anyways
it's a surprise if you don't know why
now I'm um yeah what savers we're just
gonna see if we can find me dude cool
stuff you did give a tip about it why
did you called him what we're dressing
him
Wow two blogs ago yes I have call them
in the past but a hotdog oh I saw me oh
there's so cool missing you know there's
some pretty cool costumes here for like
a thrift store pretty cool yeah hey
Missy I think that guy wants a hug
doesn't look like he wants a hug no he
wants a hug thank you
okay good don't tell him we're headed
into another Halloween star sabers was
kind of a bust hopefully we find
something you know that is a cold beetle
dude just picked up a ton of packages
you guys I could barely even get the
hatch closed look at that that's crazy
you guys will go through those later
today but I got my costume without a
bunch of stuff done we see had to pick
up some prescriptions for her surgery
now what well we do have to film
something but never had a nap I would
love to take a nap that sounds great
so Apple had a big event this morning
where they showed off like new iPads and
new iMacs and stuff 5k iMac you guys I
want that thing so bad actually this
this iMac is actually due for an upgrade
it's a couple years old and I can't
really edit on it anymore and I like to
switch between like the laptop and that
but I am installing Yosemite on my
macbook pro this is new black or white
logo on black that's new I noticed it
the I was editing and then I saw there
was an update and I was like what hot
date and then it took like 20 minutes so
waiting for it to finish so I can resume
working actually while doing that we
should go open someone Marco stuff
Missy is posing next to our very large
pile of boxes yeah crazy so we got those
in the mail we also got this he is so
excited about nature box right now you
guys so if you guys don't know nature
box has hundreds and hundreds of snacks
okay and we are so excited Missy's mom
has a nature box and she was like I want
to get in on this yes I tried one of her
pineapple oh my gosh like I can I still
cannot get it out of my head I had it
like a week ago and every day I would
crave it so yeah but we didn't get any
pineapple because my mom has some we got
other stuff so hey discover the light
nourish enjoy nature bass let's see what
we got
so every major box you you can get this
monthly and you get like five different
snaps so we got five different snacks we
got sweet blueberry almonds honey
mustard dipping sticks Fuji apples
praline pumpkin seeds guys away got that
pumpkin spice nom noms yeah they have
dark cocoa ones too but I thought we'd
get pumpkin because it's pumpkin yeah
oh wow this is like pumpkin bread oh wow
it does it smells awesome
so naturebox also hooked us up with a
URL so you guys can actually get free
snacks free like they don't to pay
anything awesome so you can actually go
to nature box combination bucks I'll
have a link low in the description and
on the screen so you guys can see it to
actually get free snacks it's like a
free little trial thing which i think is
really really cool and we dig into these
and try some of these things out I'm
gonna try the Apple I love dried apples
anything about these they're so fun to
eat because you don't feel guilty about
them all view it there's no artificial
flavors sweeteners corn syrup and
there's like so socks and those
oh my god dude tastes like these are
just made you know do they really do
they even have a lot of snacks that
don't have like any added sugar and are
gluten free too so if you're gluten
intolerant they have a bunch of snacks
too that you can choose that are gluten
free gum or pumpkin spice nom noms whoo
it's like a little ball of pumpkin spice
goodness look at commas like I want in
on that it's soft its pumpkin a it's
cinnamon a Missy this is good for me
yeah try it
mmm is that amazing or what yeah these
are the praline pumpkin seeds charlie
mmm I really like these ones yeah these
ones are really good so once again if
you guys want to get some free snacks
from hbox hit up the link below in the
description let's plow through some of
these packages there is very little days
that I just don't let Oliver take a nap
today he did not take a nap until see
Bruce you're late not too like 2:30 he
just slept or like two and a half hours
hi did you sleep really good and really
long no your sippy you thirsty hi baby
whoa look at all these packages buddy
increases like this one is mine all
right this is from Harry Oh Sarah is
your biggest little fan she would love
to meet you and give you a gumball Terry
oh thank you Sarah and Terry
oh these I'm different you're different
let's be friends shirts do you like
makes little shirts that says this
that's cool I'm different you're
different
let's be friends you want this one this
is a candle and Mia Bella's bakery okay
let me open it so we can smell it look
at this it looks like a bun and it
smells delicious
you just take a bite of it don't eat
that no it's gonna smell it not eat
anyways are so kind like every people
who send those gifts like thank you so
much you do not need to send us anything
oh my what is it more drinks yup Jessica
thank you I have plenty of these so you
guys seriously do not have to send me
anymore but thank you this is awesome
it's just I didn't see like his stash oh
my god Jessica Jessica you are way too
nice Jessica to check this out does that
look like amazing
and it smells absolutely delicious I
actually got a comment the other day
someone saying I just sent you a candle
I can't wait for you to get it so I've
been kind of waiting for it so thank you
to the person who said that if you want
to know who it's from it's Mia belly's
bakery they look adorable it looks like
I just baked a little cinnamon bun and
now I'm lighting it on fire with all
this planning with daddy's tea how did
you do that you will monster so smart
he's so cute let's go put these up for
dead okay we are getting dinner ready
actually Brian's finishing up some
editing and I've got mahi-mahi yet
thawing cuz he's gonna grill that up
tonight we're gonna make some mashed
potatoes so I got these all peel I'm
wearing this baby right now hey naked
baby say something
yeah he's been a little bit clingy today
so I thought you know what I'm just
gonna strap him to the back and he's
actually pretty happy this is what he
just got done doing to is moving this
chair around he's just been crazy busy
since he got up from his nap so I ended
up getting the Tigger outfit and it's so
stinkin cute come here let's show you
what you look like
t I don't girl oh look at that booty and
that tail that's a monkey that's what I
needed just doing what are you doing you
cutie for duty you guys I'm like dying
is so stinking cute right now yeah you
like it
I think he likes it actually you like
your outfit here let's look at you in
the mirror again you see your tail hey I
got your tail I got a good job Brian
go so daddy your outfit this is your
practice costume okay
you kind of liked it he saw something
he's like as you walk to you these tails
like like you vacuum all right guys it
is 1:00 in the morning it's technically
Friday
it's a freaking weekend you guys I'm
gonna go see a movie what movie should I
see let me know in the comments below I
really actually do you want to see him
over with Missy I've been editing like
crazy got it
amazing look who's walking episode
coming up on baby League on Monday today
there's a new video on Missy's channel
that just edited that's really cool she
did a favorites video and she talked
about one of her all-time favorite
things in the entire world she might
like him more than she likes me I gotta
end today's vlog so I can edit this
video I had two videos already and I got
at this one and then tomorrow we gonna
play today we work tomorrow we play hope
you guys enjoyed today's video if you
did give it a thumbs up and you can
subscribe to our channel because we put
up videos every single day thank you
guys so much for watching we will see
you tomorrow you better be here okay
I'll see you tomorrow but and she goes
perfect
I love this line yes yes yes okay this
one's a little bit different but I think
you'll love it
the
