check this out you guys I became
extremely crafty last night son baby is
a boy he's gonna do amazing things
started like sewing and making his
costume and I'm really really proud of
it I think I'm almost basically done but
good morning guys um I was just getting
up from his nap little monkey is awake
and we are ready to start our day so
let's do this idea monkey bud good
whining hey brightening this is soo good
yeah oh yeah oh is that auntie Kelsey's
blankie that she made you you like this
one yeah do you even know what you're
saying cuz these curls who think we're
almost ready for that haircut I'm
waiting until after Halloween because I
kind of want his hair for the Halloween
costume I don't know if that's a
possible hint but then after we're
definitely gonna cut huh what is up with
that tongue give me that tongue wait
tell me Sarah
tongue hey what Mike over here that word
dad dad talks to you and mama up there
so we say good night nosh all right
let's get up hey guys it's it's hard to
be scary cuz this thing squeaks it
supposed to be scary I actually just got
out of a dollar store if you guys don't
know most of our props and stuff for
videos come from the dollar store
because they got cool stuff especially
around like the seasonal time so today
we're actually filming the Halloween
episode of look who's vlogging that'll
go up next week picked up some goodies
we got a skeleton
and some tombstones flashlights
and this rat that squeaks but anyway
yeah it's a hot beautiful day today it's
actually not that hot it's like 80 yeah
it's cool picking up Halloween stuff
it's almost here you guys
how about you zombie you excited for
Halloween not particularly why well
because of the way you look what do you
mean the way I look
you know you're like a zombie well Sam
is have feelings too azam be you know I
love you no disrespect jigs but yeah I'm
really excited for Halloween haha
a little monster are you helping mom are
you helping mommy unload the dishwasher
is even helping you this major monster
skills look you guys we got monster we
got monster
oh let's put this little guy and yeah hi
yeah gonna feed you some lunch
and it kind of looks funny but I'm sure
that you like it
what does Frankenstein eat Missy um
maybe batteries I think Frankenstein
might eat bread since he was made in a
mill was it a bread mill oh yes he's not
Frankenstein
he's Frankenstein's monster Frankenstein
is the creator he should've specified oh
look at this oopy goopy stuff um oh you
love that don't you
he makes that face but that face means
that he loves it right kid YUM I got
this cool what's it Booga it's a yoga
spoon it's got a truck on it so we can
go oh I'm sorry guys this just looks
what is this cottage cheese and
blueberries and he loves it are you
ready hmm
is that what monsters eat zealot
monsters eat where they'll Frankenstein
monster my Frankenstein monster look at
this you guys missing I got these
flowers where'd you say like a week ago
and they're still alive I think this is
a new record we I saw it at Target it's
so cheap to buy flowers that are like in
soil so it came in a pot and then Missy
got this really cool like shabby chic
bronze pot at tarjay yesterday so we can
put it on but they're still alive
they're very festive oh and all he's
like I'm gonna feed this myself if you
do not feed it to me fast enough
mmm seriously though seriously he loves
this stuff don't you
no doll you got it on the legs no okay
Brian
tell me what is wrong with the skeleton
look very closely he's got balls
Oh looking at him closely I don't
he's got five fingers hey guys hands the
right way fans are not right oh I tried
everything his hands are not right
who's handed like this I mean I was like
a lookout like okay like the neck bones
connected to the shoulder bone sold
bones back to the elbow I don't know but
yeah
his hand his thumb is on the wrong side
of his hand
jeez it's weird what do you think you
wanna dance dance aunt you just want to
tear him apart
oh yeah getting scary movie is his hands
are still all wrong yeah it's not right
totally forgot to tell you guys but look
at this you can't even see the break
where did I break it up okay I kind of
see it a little bit
really that super glue works good really
good I'm so just I'm stupid I need to
stop breaking stuff that's throwing your
shoes yeah okay so this is a complete
mess because of the cable situation but
check out the setup on the new desk you
guys so I got my iMac over here which is
cool I got space right in the middle for
my laptop and then I have a monitor here
it's just a small little monitor hooked
up to my ps4 so I can actually game
right here while sitting in my chair the
cable situation though is out of control
look at that we got power cables we got
internet cables we got charging cable
it's just ridiculous you guys so I'm
actually gonna head to Walmart and grab
some velcro tie so I can clean it up
back there I love this boogie you guys I
did not I just totally like freehand did
this on a whim and it worked I was like
yeah
are we taking your monkey swimmin I
don't think so not this time buddy you
know all they are gonna jump in the hot
tub we've been getting all kinds of work
done and now we're just ready to chill
and I heard last week that you can float
on your back for a couple seconds so I'm
gonna try and practice a little bit of
that I would love to see him like float
on his back even if it was just for like
two three seconds I feel like oh my gosh
you're recording okay let's try to float
on our backs
jump okay okay float
hang on hang on ready don't splash okay
I'm not seeing much floating here guys
okay load on your back
whoo careful oh he's so close you're
like not done good job good job all
right that was pretty fun I don't think
I can consider him pulling on his back
yet but he's getting there all right
guys I'm at Lowe's and I found these
cool velcro straps to give me gray ones
and black ones and then also some other
cable ties in white so when I go both of
these they're pretty cheap and so we'll
see which one ends up working best I
hope it cleans it up because it's really
messy now under my desk can you blow
bubbles yeah about I both got my ID Wow
why you do that
right you have to see whatever he was
just doing let's see if you'll do it hey
buddy
oh he watched his hair and then he like
put his hands in the water and then he
like watches it more he's actually like
giving it what I know I don't know I
know he's that weird
it's you how come you feel the pool oh I
don't know I turned up thing I turned it
off
hey buddy are you having so much fun in
the hot oven mama though we're lost in
here
so please side
oh he lost all that time all right you
guys you want to see the final product
check that out you guys I got all the
chords cleaned up you can see them
hiding up there I ended up using like
zip ties instead of the velcro just cuz
it the zip ties were a little stronger
but check that out those are all my
cords all bundled up put the power strip
up here I hope it's okay upside down let
me know if you guys have any experience
with that and then all the way down
there so it's all nice and organized
also while I was out today I found this
shocked top pumpkin wheat it's got
cinnamon nutmeg and something else it's
pretty good but for now I'm going to end
today's vlog so I hope you guys enjoyed
it I want to thank everyone who RSVP'd
to our Meetup it's going to be on the
30th I'll have all the information
linked below in the description so if
you guys are planning on going please
RSVP using that link as you put out a
new video today ask video with her mom
and it turned out pretty stinkin
hilarious so go check that out I'll have
that linked below as well as always
thank you guys so much for watching I
give this video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye he's a little break inside
come here girl a little Frankenstein
people it's so cute it's so simple -
it's just a long-sleeve shirt pants and
a little vest with the husband fig raah
hey do it do it
