what do you think I'm a boa what a ball
I think this is our son baby this is our
boy he's gonna do amazing things
good morning Holly good morning
you want some breakfast I'm gonna eat
yeah you wanna eat what do you want you
want waffles oh you want thank you for
breakfast help see muscles yeah okay
cool it's so cute how you signed to me
in the morning
ah I can't get enough of it good morning
guys and making this guy a waffle
blueberry a blueberry waffle Oh what did
you how did you
that's how did you get an ice cube
that's gotta be gold bro you like that
come on let's go I uh I'm up with ollie
this morning you need some food he's
been signing to me that he's hungry all
right got Ollie's breakfast all prepared
got some bananas and some waffles how's
that buddy YUM what do you think of our
new kitchen table buddy do you like it
you say we have more room for friends
huh
YUM this is probably one of his favorite
breakfast is right next to breakfast
breakfast breakfast it's probably his
favorite next to oatmeal I'm hungry too
I'm gonna need the rest of all these
banana and find something else
good morning hashtag Bruce Norbert and
go morning karma I'll let you in buddy
country yeah like whatever you drop I'll
take right car right karma boy hi good
morning hey there everyone I just got
done getting ready Dave
one of those days where I feel like I
have so much to do that I just want to
do nothing I feel like a lot of people
have those days everyone swell where
it's like it's almost too much that
you're like oh I just do nothing then
I'll feel better have lots of videos to
do and lots of cleaning and preparing
things and I know we got a quite a few
surprises coming up in the next couple
weeks so just a lot to do so I'm excited
but also a little bit um stressed holy
guacamole it's a beautiful day 78
degrees out but it looks like starting
today our cold front is dissipating it
was so nice the past week it's like high
of like 75 just beautiful that's like
San Diego weather Leah looks like it's
gonna go back up to the 90s I remember
last Halloween being really cold when we
were going out trick-or-treating and
Oliver was like bundled up really cool
and stuff Halloween I'm so excited about
Halloween you guys what are you gonna be
for Halloween let me know in the
comments below I'd like to hear about
all your cool costumes and stuff we have
some surprises in store for you guys
this Halloween last Halloween we did a
special like a daily bumps Halloween
special and we are planning this year's
and it's going to be really cool as for
me I'm running some errands
I gotta go do a couple things and then
grab some lunch from Missy and I man is
so nice today look at these beautiful
blue skies you guys I just remember like
living in Idaho and sometimes not being
able to see the Sun for like weeks at a
time
because it's just so overcast you know
it's nice that we can actually see the
Sun this car seats having a rough day
y'all how are you this morning
you're just the happiest dog in the
world you know everyone was very worried
about you and that you eating that
chocolate brownie can you tell them
you're okay did you tell them that
you're okay you only had a little bit no
honestly I kind of got a lot of research
when it comes to chocolate with dogs
because um karma has eaten chocolate in
the past and it can be scary but to be
quite honest
like a dog has to eat quite a bit of
chocolate to make it toxic and he really
didn't eat that much especially when it
comes like a brownie it kind of has to
be like a real pure cocoa dark chocolate
type of stuff for a dog to get sick from
it
so it wasn't really that worried about
him I he might have gotten like a little
tummy ache but I wasn't like really
worried about him like dying or
something terrible happening he's like
that but he was probably fine I didn't
even notice the tummy ache on I didn't
even notice anything you just say mmm
that was delicious I want more huh
got to be careful with that chocolate
intake cake Oliver James I see that
you're awake it's like uh mom just gonna
get me I'd know if you guys think that
see but he actually has half his shirt
off you can see it a little arm right
there Brian oh it's all blurry Brian's
back he brought me lunch
I'm back from majesty
drink just drinking like oh that's good
I want to show you guys
Brian's awesome wall that he just got
done doing well he did it last night
look how cool it is here we go ready
look at that isn't it so cool so you got
some bats you know he did hashtag
Halloween it's got like some spider webs
in a black widow and then he's got the
boogeyman that's what it is right okay
boogie Oogie Boogie right here behind
the ear he's in front of us pumpkin oh
he's like Boop ken looks so so so good I
love it
good job brains we did hashtag Halloween
but I think we're gonna change it
because it's almost my birthday so
privileged to be hashtag happy birthday
Missy hmm actually it's officially my
birthday where Brian do you guys know
how old I'm turning Josh do you know how
older Jamie I don't know how that I'm
turning it someone tell me the car Oh am
i I always have to like go to Google be
like wait cuz I the other day I
seriously forgot how old I was
I put into Google to find out that's
funny all right Missy and her mom are
getting ready to film a video I love
this spot Missy I know I love the light
is just look at these I got this huge
window here windows there yeah we got uh
Papa having charge of the baby he's in
charge of the baby probably Phil yeah
he's upside down yeah they're gonna do a
ask video and it will be on your channel
on Wednesday there are many many many
questions how many did we get like oh
wait hundred and 25 as of like 10 so
like okay so we're gonna be here for a
while is that okay I wanna know have you
asked it will answer no we got a few
we're gonna answer some and it will be
up on Wednesday oh hello if you're
wondering yes I am wearing my sunglasses
oh my gosh I didn't even notice I know
there's such a small face I didn't even
notice I don't look like fine they don't
like I don't know just like small like
lens wise but they're not like coming
out to the side got my nose pretty
pumped about it so I put his on those
like that ever we are off because I
still just need the final finishing
touches done for always in costume I'm
really nervous but I just hope
so badly that it turns out it looks
super cute I've never really made a
Halloween costume and I've always just
been the kind of person that just wants
to go down and buy one but this one I
had to make should we get you one of
these block thingies kid cute Lucy and I
are just looking at stuff and she just
said him there and he stayed there he's
just playing with blocks now we're at
Carter's just trying to look for some
stuff okay so elephant goes there
zebra goes there ooh
draft shout-out to Ellie and Jared goes
there
ostrich crocodile lion how cool huh do
you know your blocks look at the blame
of blocks it's so cute he's very precise
that one goes on a seat for later okay
what do you think I'm a boa what in a
ball I think you like it's freaking
about like falling apart oh yeah I
probably got pink all over me now yeah
all right guys we're getting all the
stuff that we need I'm really excited I
feel like I'm gonna be able to finish
this costume today
so that because you still got pink on
you ya little monster Holly could I see
you look at what we found at Carter's
you guys oh my gosh it was on sale for
$7.99 so I was like uh yeah we need to
get in this just to dress him up in it
for fun guys official costume but he's a
little break inside come here come here
my little Frankenstein people it's so
cute it's so simple - it's just a
long-sleeve shirt pants and a little
vest with the husband thing ah can do it
do it did you smell it
rah rah
oh hey monkey but what are you doing
here comes karma I thought that thank
you
you ready to go night-night I'm starting
to think that he is actually saying
words not just sounding like words
because he was just saying tonight too
in and he said good night he's like that
night that night or something like that
oh yeah take that that good night
can't say dad dad I love you good night
say good night I'm just gonna go ready
girls I lie up is so crazy like I I can
write you saying words you guys got a
devta that was session in the tub all
about a Monday night he's so cute um
anyways ready to go ahead and get ready
for bed you guys haven't seen the new
look who's vlogging on baby league's
channel definitely go watch it it's so
adorable and they are giving away two
hundred and fifty dollar gift card so
definitely check it out you might get
some cool stuff for your baby and what
else oh if you guys don't know we're
having a meet-up on October 30th in
Downtown Disney so if you guys can come
please let us know we have a link in the
description that you can click on and
RSVP or get more information if you want
know where and what it's completely free
it's outside of Disneyland so it's just
in like the Downtown Disney shopping
area there's free parking um we just
want to hang out with you guys
plus there's gonna be a special guest
you don't have a facebook you can always
just let us know in the comments if that
you don't have a Facebook that but that
you're planning on going or you can
tweet us or whatever yeah however I hope
you guys enjoyed this blog you know hit
that like button if you did because it
lets us know that you are enjoying our
videos um and then we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye thank you yeah they have
really cool carts that can like go any
direction I don't know what all cards
are like that okay come over here come
over here
