good morning look with all kinds of
people here is Mimi a Papa this is our
son baby this is a boy is gonna do
amazing things we're actually getting
ready to head out of the house and we're
going to San Diego and so they're
watching dad are you threatening him
preview he basically just got in that
car I was like all right someone pushed
me around the house and by the way this
little munchkin said Papa today I told
him iam hubber coming over he's up how
does that make me feel dad he said Papa
that's really adorable he stole my bad
he said oh your bags like that's my bad
getting ready to head out of the house
and actually Brian was just seeing a
little bit of a song from a preview for
today's look who's vlogging episode it
is so so so adorable so if you love Olly
and you think he's adorable and you want
to see even more adorableness go check
out look who's vlogging on guys baby
Lee's channel because I'm just going to
say this this is in it this grand piano
with my baby boy looking adorable is in
the episode look at this it even comes
up
adorableness awesomeness cuteness it's
all words we got this in the mail about
a few weeks ago and only loves playing
it and it's in the video so you guys
have to watch it hey I just noticed this
- lookit it hasn't been a key yeah like
you take the key out and then you can
put it in and then start it like no no
no no no no no hey someone keep pushing
me
here we go off to San Diego is that a
helicopter with a bridge you see it I
didn't see it I don't think they can see
it yeah it's very very tight or is it
like I'm just saying like is it real or
is it fake
I'm like Friday all right yeah that was
the bridge to basically like say hey
you're headed to San Diego
Wow and we are off to Ikea no baby we
actually didn't want to bring him
because if we get anything which we're
probably on getting something we just
don't have to worry about trying to
maneuver putting the stuff in our little
tiny Prius with a huge car silly idea is
really good at packaging their stuff
yeah so what we probably could have made
it work but I just want to make this a
fast trip and we don't want
Missy's parents are watching all these
we just want to get anything out yeah
guys I do wish that we had a truck they
should feel like they come in handy
every once in a while but I don't know
if it's enough because we've been able
to do part of it with this little tiny
period that my mom just texted me and
she put him down for a nap and this was
she's dead like I wish I could come over
twice a day put this kid to bed it's one
of the sweetest things ever is so cute
he is so true like putting on the bed is
like the best thing ever you just rock
it may be cuddles he lays there and they
just go to sleep can you just put him in
his crib and he just like either lays
down or just goes back he never ever
ever cries I'm almost like when I used
to put you to bed like you would cry or
I give you a bottle and I'd hope that
you didn't wake up as you I laid you
into your crib you know and which I just
kind of normal less and more like I
remember telling my mom like I really
wish she wouldn't cry when I laid him
down like it makes me so sad like don't
want to do it I don't want it to be like
this and then all of a sudden he just
like started doing it like he just
started going to sleep trying to get off
this exit if you guys can see right
there that is the Qualcomm Stadium and
apparently apparently we decided to go
to Ikea on the same day that the
Chargers are playing because the
Chargers play in 25 minutes and we're
getting off and the stadium's right
there and it's gonna take forever and it
we're not getting off the screw it
how am I I need to get over to the right
- I gotta cut people off and be me and
be like excuse me look at this person
has a slide to unlock bumper sticker
that's so cool let's be honest that's
like iOS 3.0 so it's a little outdated
where are my speeds at is that accident
bad what are my sweets that you get that
is long overdue like the third time he's
ever been he remembers yeah we came to
Ikea no huh well not the last time the
first time you need a key out Craig very
pregnant leader yeah have a seat into
your new dining table miss laning what
do you think I like yeah it's nice is it
a white or is it like off-white it looks
white yeah looks like it's got these
it's got this cool like legs and it's
very classy and simple yeah so you don't
know we're here getting a dining room
table yeah dining table this one right
here I want all this stuff on it - yeah
look what we just found you guys IKEA
doll furniture these are not displays
this is actually for like your doll
house you can get a nice shelving unit
nice little couch and sit on background
and stuff it's huge so much cool kid
stuff at IKEA we never looks for ollie
did we not really give give give so this
is the self-serve furniture area so what
you do is you go into the showroom find
out what you like and then find out
where it is so bin 15 all yeah so then
you just get all the pieces that you
need no it doesn't that's I'll to babe
this is our one where last last tonight
yeah they have really cool carts that
can like go any direction I don't know
what all cards aren't like that
okay come over here come over here
dogs fun hey guys this is our car and
this is all the stuff we have quite
large quite long Brian what are you
feeling like what's your what do you
think I feel quite confident actually
that it will fit and I think Brian's
feeling a little bit like it's not going
to so what the he just got the dining
room table in there now he's putting his
desk in there I can't really do much oh
wow
he did it you did it Brian well yeah
yeah I am so glad that we did not bring
oli because that would not have that no
looking like the height like there's
barely any room left in the back of this
Prius it's very robust up here oh yeah I
made her movers see all the way out so
you fit that other piece oh my gosh
we did it we always seem to do it I
can't is pretty awesome like this way
they pack is their furniture yeah the
way the fact that we can fit this much
stuff in here treat yo self had to get a
little reward for a job well done
notice how you're getting the reward and
I did all this hey kiddo
fine today
hang on yeah he does that
okay you guys so Ali's asleep everyone
is gone and everything is different
Jim actually helped me put everything
together and thank you daddy
look at our new table
I like you so really no four table
chairs right now which is fine but we
will end up getting more chairs yeah
they're just like these basic like what
chairs so probably use these as extra
chairs and yeah get like some nice
upholstered ones cute little cushions
just to kind of give the chick the table
a little more color the color is just
gray but I liked it and then always got
his chair and I'm thinking I might just
leave it like this and put like a little
runner just to give us some more color
yeah cuz I want to be using a tablecloth
I really wasn't like the tablecloth like
it was just get dirty and I come you
like wipe it down you know yeah I guess
pretty dirty yeah so I really like how
it is and but it's nice it's white it's
vibrant it's got character yeah cool and
then God I can't I'd actually like and
then we also got a boot it's really
different in you guys ready look at this
so got my chalkboard wall and that's the
same but I got this new desk and it's
like an ultra long desk it's 70 inches
long so I plenty of room for everything
I can't edit here I got my iMac here I
can just sit in my computer and go back
and forth like this yeah
yes the things I should I should mount a
monitor right there so I can game in
here yeah so you can get out of my she's
single taking over her TV though I think
it's pretty cool now we're gonna
decorate this wall yeah he's gonna put
his hashtag up and he's gonna make it
all like Halloweeny
hey hey watching tomorrow's vlog so you
can see it it's hella weenie a word
anyways we're gonna go ahead and the
vlog like I said earlier make sure you
guys check out the baby League video if
you want to watch all I play the piano
on this beautiful grand piano
it's pretty cute hot will be in the link
in the description hope you guys enjoyed
it give it a thumbs up if you did and
we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye well cinnamon crunch cake protected
bread good stuff off so he just left and
all he will not let go the rest of his
spread he's eating almost that entire
thing I know that is so fun
