the boys do amazing things
Oh Heidi Olli I had to tell you to come
over here by using music say good
morning everyone good morning let's take
her outfit on he woke up went to his toy
box crab just take her outfit and ran
over here to have me put it on I do not
feel good this morning and just kind of
like that I don't know why I'm not
pregnant
like I'm the opposite of pregnant I just
don't really feel good this morning and
son just been hanging out I have to go
up stairs and get ready but I got stole
when I get up cuz you know I'm a girl
Minotaur still when I get up right now
check Congress chameleon are you playing
with mr. Ollie Oliver James so I show
them your cool horse eat or you were
just playing with go eat your horsey
yeah go get it tell me to go get you go
get it okay let's show him how it works
come here here ollie
ready no don't fight it hey dig it I'm
already father day I was up so late last
night you guys like 3:00 a.m. I think by
the time I got all videos done okay come
here come here Kip do you see what mala
has dressed him in she put she found
these pants which go perfectly with it
even though they're not part of it well
that's gonna be his little new coat you
love feeling he'd be like it's that when
I take it I take off he gets mad at me
yeah like okay you two get him little
costumes too dressy I think so I want to
get him a monkey one so badly I didn't
really sleep and I think out like seven
hours of sleep but I feel okay but
definitely needed my little miracles and
I've got plenty of them to go around now
so it's fine
to fall she went to fall
he always climbs up on this thing one
two three come on
normally he does jump on all the other
furniture he may be a little scared on
top of the chest though oh oh
pillow plop time for the pillow plop I
love this room you guys the light in
here it gets so much natural light it's
so nice careful careful careful
Oh saved your life so excited I'm so
excited
Oh Holly you don't look excited at all
he's really asleep Missy okay I've given
him like three kisses on his face and he
still won't wake up guys really tired I
feel like I've waited all week for this
I've been craving this forever forget
him
he's such a good little burrito eater I
love it yeah after a very busy week free
birds just makes all the stress go away
don't you agree a good burrito the
burrito can go a long way you guys still
wrap in the Halloween outfit I love my
mummy all right ladies and gentlemen we
are going to attempt the impossible oh
yeah are you ready for this okay fine no
I'm okay - we're gonna attempt to take
Ollie to a movie we just got tickets to
the Book of Life and it's colorful it
has songs it's a cartoon us the duo just
did a really cool music video for it I
think there's gonna be cool music and
stuff it's like if he wants to he'll do
it uh I'm just gonna have lots of stuff
just in case like jacket toys snacks
milk milk so hopefully he's happy and
cooperates what do you think of the big
screen buddy it's fantastic we gotta see
it's kind of far away from the screen
big award-winning ribs Rus famous fries
Jewish will try and we made it we're
alive
we're alive you guys he did so good he
watched for a little over an hour that's
pretty good yeah I was not expecting
that so he watched for a little over an
hour he loved all the previews and the
music there was music he'd go and he'd
like dance and he really really enjoyed
it
yeah then he was done and we ended up
leaving right at the part where it gets
all colorful and magical on their end
like the land of the dead and everything
but yeah a lot better than we expected I
think now he's enjoying a smoothie I
gave him some of my mango banana
smoothie from this place at the mall and
there's place we got to go to get a few
things for his costume because we
haven't picked that out yet there's like
14 days palming to 14 days Missy are we
gonna be prepared I think hopefully all
right so we are headed to see my sister
and her friends we are going to take
some pictures of them yeah I'm excited
to see her because she I haven't seen
her like get ready and everything
usually I like help working on her
makeup on her like hair and all that and
so now we're just going to meet them
there and actually always getting ready
to get his take pictures of auntie huh
you take some pictures and here they are
the ladies are you ready to get your
picture taken all right stay right there
get in there a little bit there we go
there you go post for me work it work it
there you go there you go there you go
this camera takes really good pictures
look at you look beautiful you look
really good at that one it's a puppy
really good
oli and you make it one of the splashes
session fish - I was taking a bath all
along a Friday night so cute
buddy oh oh yeah yeah splashing
splashing it I'm giving him a bath
tonight and we are doing milk at the
same time so I hold on to it though
LT puts it under water but basically he
drinks his milk throughout his bath so
we can brush his teeth after the bath
and he's not going to bed like having
just drank milk so it works a little
better this way you want some milk buddy
yeah milk yeah he's been talking so much
today going in and out of these little
like talkative spurts keV fun today at
the movie you went inside your first
movie pretty cool huh so cute he loves
you back all right we got relaxing music
on all these teeth are brushed he's full
of milk he just got a good bath got the
cool lights on that he loves it's
bedtime buddy
just a little kissing it in and relax
we're gonna go to bed okay yeah it's
bedtime if you see the lights you see
the lights up there it's pretty cool huh
that's yeah you're a good day today
got a good day hanging out with you
you're so cute but that's the way what
it does away stick it out go ahead do it
mmm he's like you put your tongue away
you see that he's like mimicking me
mm-hmm
you're not hungry
you ate pizza and you drink milk a ton
of it
you're not hungry don't even try and
trick me getting ready for bed I hope
you guys enjoyed it though if you did
click that thumbs up button and tomorrow
we're gonna tell you something about
something really cool that we got
cooking up so I'm pretty excited don't
miss tomorrow's vlog we got it we got to
go my name okay okay he's so happy right
now but he really needs to calm down so
he can go to bed thank you guys for
watching and we'll see you tomorrow okay
bye yeah we're going to bed whether you
like it or not
nope no we're done all right bye no he
wants a hug all right give him a hug
ah Brian it's filling back up my squeeze
all there okay good
don't kill him we're headed into another
Halloween store savers was kind of a
bust so hopefully we find something here
that is a cool beetle dude does he know
