good morning guys we just got out of
swim well we didn't swim this guy swam
you're good at some school did you hear
what she said huh she's letting him well
on his own for up to like three to four
seconds they're not holding it without
me that's crazy right yeah he's doing
good
also he knows how to say I love you and
so he says I love you to all the little
girls swim school son baby
that boy he's gonna do amazing things
yes he like looks like he's like you I
love you we're going into I hop to get
so beat fast
look at him walking in his new sandals
mommy got him yeah cuz he just gets
really hot in regular shoes yeah
laughing shoes on he did a really good
ad to us and today was cool seeing him
but we got a lot to do but first we got
to fuel up so gonna grab some pancakes
uh-uh how can you hop huh hmm Oh Andy I
have to get the Frawley so it's like
good thing ever we are at savers like
can you get this yeah no that would
never fit me in a way better any girl
that can fit in this is probably not old
enough to wear this anyways we're at
savers and we got our outfits like our
ideas what we want we need to pool on
skills but I'm actually gonna try and
make all overs or like I haven't not
like make it but I kinda want to put
some things together because I couldn't
find his outfit anywhere online so
anyways it's a surprise if you don't
know right now I'm hard um yeah what
savers we're just gonna see if we can
find he did go suck you did give a tip
about it I did
you called him what we're dressing him
well
two blogs ago yes I have called him in
the past but a hot dog
oh I'm Sami I oh there's so cool missing
there's some pretty cool costumes here
for like a thrift store it's pretty cool
yeah hey Missy I think that guy wants a
hug doesn't look like he wants a hug no
he wants a hug all right give him a hug
ah Brian it's filling back up my squeeze
dog there okay good
don't tell him we're headed into another
Halloween store savers was kind of a
bust hopefully we find something here
that is a cool beetlejuice
does he move just picked up a ton of
packages you guys could barely even get
the hatch closed look at that that's
crazy you guys will go through those
later today but I got my costume got a
bunch of stuff done we see had to pick
up some prescriptions for uh her surgery
now what um well we do have to film
something but never head it'll come and
then a nap I would love to take a nap
that sounds great
so Apple had a big event this morning
where they showed off like new iPads and
new IMAX and stuff 5k iMac you guys I
want that thing so bad actually this
this iMac is actually due for an upgrade
um it's a couple years old and I can't
really edit on it anymore
and I like to switch between like the
laptop and that but I am installing
Yosemite on my macbook pro this is new
black or white logo on black that's new
I noticed it the I was editing and then
I saw there was an update and I was like
what update um and then it took like 20
minutes so waiting for it to finish so I
can resume working actually while doing
that we should go open some markup stuff
Missy is posing next to our very large
pile of boxes yeah crazy so we got those
in the mail we also got you see is so
excited about nature box right now you
guys so if you guys don't know nature
box has hundreds and hundreds of snacks
okay and we are so excited Missy's mom
has nature box and she was like I want
to get in on this yes I'm English I
tried one of her pineapple oh my gosh
like I can't I still cannot get it out
of my head I had it like a week ago and
every day like crave it so yeah but we
didn't get any pineapple because my mom
has some we got other stuff so they
discovered the light nourish enjoy
nature bath let's see what we got so
every nature box you you can get this
monthly and you get like five different
snaps so we got five different snacks we
got sweet blueberry almonds honey
mustard dipping sticks Fuji apples
praline pumpkin seeds I've got away got
that pumpkin spice nom noms
yeah they have dark cocoa ones too but I
thought we'd get pumpkin cuz it's
pumpkin yeah totes rad that smell it oh
wow this is Mel's like pumpkin bread oh
wow it does it smells awesome
so naturebox also hooked us up with a
URL so you guys can actually get free
snacks free like they don't say anything
yeah awesome that's so cool so you can
actually go to nature box combination
bucks I'll have a link lo in the
description and on the screen so you
guys can see it to actually get free
snacks it's like a free little trial
thing which i think is really really
cool and we dig into these and try some
of these things out I'm going to try the
Apple I love dried apples and think
about these they're so fun to eat
because you don't feel guilty about them
all view it there no artificial flavors
sweeteners corn syrup and there's like
so fresh and delicious
my god dude tastes like these are just
made you know seriously they really do
they even have a lot of snacks that
don't have like any added sugar and our
gluten-free too so if you're gluten
intolerant they have a bunch of snacks
too that you can choose that are
gluten-free they're gun
don't try more pumpkin spice nom noms it
was really whoo it's like a little ball
of pumpkin spice goodness look at
Karma's like I want in on there it's
soft its pumpkin a it's cinnamon a Missy
this is good for me yeah try it
hmm is that amazing or what has a
texture like oatmeal cookie but yeah
like a pumpkin cookie these are the
praline pumpkin seeds
Charlie mmm I really like these ones
yeah those ones are really good so once
again if you guys want to get some free
snacks from each box hit up the link
below in the description let's plow
through some of these packages there is
very little days that I just don't let
Oliver take a nap today he did not take
a nap until super super late not too
like 2:30 he just slept or like two and
a half hours hi
did you sleep really good and really
long not your sippy you thirsty hi baby
whoa look at all these packages buddy
he's going crazy like this one is mine
car things everything says to all right
this is from Cary Oh sir is your biggest
little fan she would love to meet you
and give you a gumball Oh students
there's mom Terry oh thank you Sarah and
Terry
oh these I'm different you're different
let's be friends shirts do you like
makes little shirts that says this
that's cool I'm different you're
different
few friends let's be friends you want
this one give me a baby oh this is a
candle and Samia Bella's bakery okay let
me open it so we can smell it look at
this it looks like a mini bun and it
smells delicious you want to take a bite
of it mmm
don't eat that not gonna smell it not
eat it
boys are so kind like every people who
send those gifts like thank you so much
you do not need to send us anything oh
my what is it more drinks yep hey guys
that's too nice whose is coming from
Jessica thank you I have plenty of these
so you guys seriously do not have to
send me anymore but thank you this is
awesome it's just aunt I didn't see like
his stash I know it's like a really big
stash all right oh my god am I being
crying this is also from Jessica Jessica
you are way too nice
maybe the ones from Jessica - it's my
little bear my gosh check this out
does this not look like amazing and it
smells absolutely delicious actually got
a comment the other day someone saying I
just sent you a candle I can't wait for
you to get it so I've been kind of
waiting for it so thank you to the
person who said that if you want to know
who it's from it's Mia belly's bakery
they look adorable it looks like I just
baked too low cinnamon bun and now I I'm
lighting it on fire of all is playing
with daddy's tea how did you do that you
will monster you think you're so smart
you're so cute let's go put these up for
dead okay we are getting dinner ready
actually Brian's finishing up some
editing and I've got mahi-mahi thawing
cuz he's gonna grill that up tonight
we're gonna make some mashed potatoes so
I've got these all peeled I'm wearing
this baby right now hey naked baby say
something
yeah he's been a little bit clingy today
so I thought you know what I'm just
gonna strap him to the back and he's
actually pretty happy this is what he
just got done doing to was moving this
chair around he's just been crazy busy
since he got up from his nap so I ended
up getting the Tigger outfit and it is
so stinking cute
come here let's show you what you look
like wait the world
you look like dinner key I don't get a
look at that booty in that tail there's
nothing monkey that's what I needed
dress you in what are you wearing you
cutie patootie you guys I'm like dying
is so thank you right now yeah you like
it I think he likes it actually you like
your outfit here let's look at you in
the mirror again
do you see your tail hey I got your tail
I got a good job Bryan Holly go show
daddy your outfit excusing ever-so fluff
I know this is your practice costume
okay he kind of liked it he thought
something Aries like hey look at this
Dale rosedale as he walked you his tails
like walking back and forth ha ha thank
you all right guys it is 1:00 in the
morning it's technically Friday
it's a freaking weekend you guys I'm
gonna go see a movie what movie should I
see let me know in the comments below I
really actually do want to see a movie
with Missy I've been editing like crazy
got anime
amazing look who's walking episode
coming up on baby League on Monday today
there's a new video on Missy's channel
that just edited that's really cool she
did a favorites video and she talked
about one of her all-time favorite
things in the entire world she might
like it more than she likes me
I gotta end today's vlog so I can edit
this video I had two videos already and
I got at this one um and then tomorrow
we gonna play today we work tomorrow we
play hope you guys enjoyed today's video
if you did give it a thumbs up and you
can subscribe to our channel because we
put up videos every single day thank you
guys so much for watching we will see
you tomorrow
you better be here okay we'll see you
tomorrow bye God is so pretty and she
goes perfect
oh and you love this wine yes yes yes
yes yes
okay no seems a little bit different but
I think you'll love it
