oh no you guys I put all these socks
this morning like stop funny goes my
little Wiggly toes hanging out my socks
this is our son baby he's our boy he's
gonna do amazing things I am making
breakfast
scrambled eggs is everyone eating
scrambled eggs yeah make a bunch see if
I can do this one-handed oh I'm like
Gordon Ramsay what up Missy I'm cracking
these eggs like no one's business look
at all those eggs yeah good morning guys
my hair looks crying cry I'm gonna pour
these well this even work babe ah little
bit ah made eggs in a long time this how
you do it
yeah just stir it a little bit this is
an egg whisk did you know that we made
especially for eggs he's making apple
cider YUM baby looks good I'm gonna pop
in up bagel comment below if you know
where that joke is from huh ooh it means
that in a while
eggs cook really fast right like they're
probably done I do not like my eggs
ready not at all not even a little bit I
like I'm very dry beautiful fall morning
here in Southern California it is 68
degrees babe so nice and Ollie is going
through drawers we got only his fall we
went to the dollar store because we had
to get some props for the new video and
it fell on the ground
so we washed it and then karma got to it
and it's basically like flat now do you
still like it is that did you put it in
the drawer to keep it safe because it's
pretty much done I hate to tell you bro
we have our first casualty of breakfast
ladies and gentlemen
burnt my bagel so that sucks new one
looks good in the hood and breakfast is
served
look at that buddy I got a bagel and I
got this new cream cheese it's like a
whipped cream cheese it is so good you
guys
it's like all light fluffy we got eggs
cider we should do this more often babe
family breakfast oh my gosh okay we just
got something sent to our door actually
I don't know how long I've been out
there I don't know how long he's been
out there and I'm like I don't remember
maybe should I open this in front of my
birthday's next week so you're like what
the heck is it on the back of the box
you can see there's Annoying Orange um
there's the unicorns uh-huh like YouTube
stuff do you do stuff oh it is it okay
you ready 100,000 subscribers that's
more than double the size of a packed
Roman Colosseum and more than ten times
the number of people who set the human
Domino world record we understand the
dedication in talent it takes to reach
100,000 YouTube viewers we want you to
know that we don't take your achievement
for granted you delivered the audience
now we're delivering the reward oh my
god I've tears my eyes this is so cool
is it baby grace ah oh my gosh Amy
months oh my gosh is this real life is
this real life is this gonna last
forever gosh oh my gosh babe it's like
real so good I'm freaking out right now
Maci oh my gosh from YouTube first
you're passing 100,000 subscribers
look it just silver play button that is
so cool it just feels weird doesn't it
feel weird okay Wow pretty where are we
gonna put it Wow
thank you so much you guys this is like
because of you guys watching ever
day and just loving what we do ah I have
put a reward on display grumpy
why are you so grumpy you're sitting
next to a hundred thousand subscriber
reward from YouTube that's pretty cool
okay you should maybe just like loosen
up a bit have some fun still very
surreal you guys feels really weird but
super happy super stoked
iein look at this EP face so cute
d hi step so good is he just slept for
like two full hours yeah something your
hair dude yo what is it you know I don't
know what it is what all right let's get
you dressed for the day okay we are
headed into Ross we're gonna meet my mom
my sister here it took me forever to get
here there's just ridiculous amount of
traffic um but I've got a lien is
snagging new stroller you like happy you
happy and I am wearing a long-sleeve
shirt you guys and I'm outside you know
it actually feels pretty good doesn't
feel that bad it's probably still a
little too warm to wear it but it's not
bad it's like Culley
eighty so it feels good I like it my
sister with her first dress
q looks a little big so big
how'd you end up above all kind of a bus
didn't really work out we charter a
couple dressings but no can do it right
now is shop for sweater why we we shop
their sweaters say the best wedding I
would not scary from tomorrow you're
going on smoothly
that's cute from Babu yeah so I need a
nice sweater we're not here I have tons
of sorry you can swear with mine eyne
even new sweater Oh Ollie says yes so go
poop Oliver what Daedra poopoo car like
poop poop oh you can't go poop
oh we do poopoo Oh
sending your are you sure your enemy
know the sign for poop is this it's kind
of gross sign and I signed it for him
when I say you go poop did you go poop
and I think we just saw him do it you
could have more fun wait now if you
pooped I stopped when I said wait he's
gonna do it I think I pretty sure he did
though you can't smells like it there is
the real question
well did he actually poop because he did
sign yeah we saw him sign it so if he
actually pooped
I'm gonna be like
there's poop in there good poop poop
he knows the sign for pill did you poop
ready coop we ended up at jcpenney which
Susan this is actually where I found a
lot of my dresses that I've ever worn
the theme is shabby chic but we don't
really know what that means cast you
know that means they said doesn't matter
yeah
age needed kind of a weird team so we're
trying not to really think about the
whole shabby-chic idea but we picked out
a couple dresses some pretty ones here
has to the kind of this one is really
cute okay yeah some kind of joke just
looking for dresses cast a lot to give
us this fashion show okay this is snow
by the way this music extremely loud I
feel you have to yell in order to create
Cassie I love this is so pretty this is
pretty much power shopping experience
always happens I'm like oh gosh this is
so pretty and she goes this is perfect
don't you love this wine yes yes yes yes
okay no this one's a little bit
different I think you'll love it don't
you know me at all
hey I recognize this dress anyone wants
to know where I got my dress this is it
JC Penney oh it looks good
no I cleaners it's still like classic
and cute I think we found the one this
cute little black dress I love it looks
super super cute on her that her
homecoming is actually Friday so we'll
probably see her that day and we'll get
pictures with her and stuff so you guys
will see it all on her and everything
that day but now we got to find like
shoes and stuff throw it hard yeah the
hard part begins check this out you guys
it is like 5:30 outside and it is
beautiful the high today was 79 so I was
like yeah I'm gonna wear pants because I
hardly ever get to do it there's just
like look at this it's amazing outside
you guys feels good karma come here you
don't want to go out there you're gonna
get all cold sit sit Carmen come on she
say ball and go put your ball we're
gonna walk he's gonna walk get leash
yeah don't talk about oh oh no he does
not he's like no I love you don't give
me a bat please really what are you
doing you catchin up to me me see wait
like oh my goodness this toy he's so
happy guys I know he's got new shoes on
so he's trying to learn how to use them
but he just found this stuffed animal
section say I started to cooking dinner
so it's ready when she gets here we're
just doing these really yummy meatballs
that I found it target well I don't know
if they're yummy that they look yummy
they're homestyle meatballs from Archer
farms so I'm just grilling some of those
and we're just gonna do some penne pasta
and some like spaghetti sauce oh and
some Texas toast because you can't have
anything Italian without Texas toast
mi Rides jam the meatballs smell really
good though I do want to say I'm really
thankful that I live in the time that I
do live in because like 20 years ago if
you wanted meatballs to definitely make
them yourself you know what I mean who's
got time for that I think it's really
amazing all the advancements that we've
done with food and stuff like that to
make things easier people don't want to
be in the kitchen cooking for like 4
hours so it's cool that I can buy these
meatballs like this that are like good
homestyle home-cooked meatballs you know
they look good and there you have it
ladies and gentlemen spaghetti and
meatballs ally has got his shirt off
because he's gonna make a big mess he is
loving that milk oh my cool breeze
coming from that window feels great yeah
eat you see that sign for eat he just
did good job doc gravity stairs yo kid
it's time for the beddy-bye time time
for the beddy-bye time gonna get his
bath he's gonna get up out he's gonna
get a bath man he's gonna get all clean
cuz he's a stinky dirty boy with
everything all over you huh come on good
one we're gonna try the fan in the
window tonight huh
like a little while mystic or not this
room does seem like the hottest come on
let's go not not who's there
pencil pencil who wait no I mess it up
because I can't even do it okay start
over knock knock who's there
broken pencil broken pencil ho nevermind
Brian that's pointless he thinks he's
funny
umm so Jared and I should be editing
right now but we decided to FaceTime
instead he's eating crackers those look
yummy and I'm eating cookies look at
this cookie and he's drinking dr. pepper
dude it's 10 o'clock at night it's 11
o'clock at night where you are I've got
to stay up somehow I've got it I'm gonna
be up late editing we're both gonna be
up late editing because I don't see this
ending
I mean cookies and if she's dancing in
her really tight green shorts are those
supposed to be on the vlog damn I didn't
see the really Thai green short hell
he's not wearing any shorts Ellie I see
her face he's not wearing any pants
okay I gotta at my blog we at my blog oh
yeah and my blogs
I'm ending the Lord I can't I can't take
her anywhere guys she just doesn't want
me to tell you that she's not wearing
thanks for watching guys I hope I don't
get in trouble with this have a
wonderful day be sure to hit the thumbs
up button and subscribe if you haven't
already because guess what trying to
must you do this every single day
Oh Nate aren't I see you later bye II
is it smooth very fit yeah it does feels
like yeah well it is a jogging stroller
it's got that swivel wheel on the front
support that's probably a little bit
more storage than the last ones here
