okay oh crap oh crap oh crap oh crap oh
crap oh crap oh crap oh crap
miss needs oh oh no I like I really do
like laying on the counter I do it
multiple times a day
I'm not afraid doing like that yes for
today it's my birthday so we're doing a
bit of celebrating I just went to the
store and grab um stuff and cake you
can't have birthday without a cake I was
just talking about this earlier how a
yellow cake with chocolate frosting is
like the most ghetto cake night doesn't
that cages look at all well we're not
making that we're just making yellow
cake and cream cheese frosting because
this is my mom's all-time favorite cake
ever I usually buy a chocolate cake I'm
like cuz I have to celebrate the
birthday too but I went ahead and I
didn't get the chocolate I actually just
so happened to have a box of brownies in
here so I can celebrate all is good with
the world I am grilling up a couple
burgers for Missy and I for lunch cuz I
am starving I couldn't find anything for
breakfast so I think I literally just
ate a bowl of applesauce lemon we got
the flame and burgers love using this
grill especially around lunchtime
cooking on the grill for lunch time it's
just so I know who just tastes so much
better
oh go go time for swim this I think is
all dry Missy air dried this so I'm
gonna take it inside and put it on
oli oh my gosh you are the cutest thing
I've ever seen that's a cool shirt I
think did a viewer make that for us that
is awesome
yep oh he's got his broom yeah they're
gonna do anything cute today like
crawling to a box did you see that babe
what she's watch like three times you
haven't watched the vlog
did you thumbs it up I really think
she's bumped it up you guys
why are exalt reddish-brown and not
white and it'd be chicken nuggets brown
eggs yeah
wait is there chickens whoo-hoo like lay
white eggs oh I thought that bleeps me
out seven eight eggs I didn't know you
know what I could really use right now
right I KitchenAid okay oh crap oh crap
oh crap oh crap oh crap oh crap oh crap
oh crap oh crap
everything's on fire
roll things off I need something he's
still recording okay yeah so that
happened Brian I think he's got it under
control
hopefully I'm really just worried about
those trees right there water
get the water Brian you burned our lives
I don't know if that little spell I
think you're gonna need something bigger
than that
there we go there we go there we go you
did normally do leave it for like a
minute how does that happen don't know
how to do hi I don't think so oh my gosh
so there are actually funds up there
those are our buttons your what oh my
god you guys I just now that
everything's under control I just
watched that clip back and the hose is
right there and I did not think to turn
it on
instead i winning here and grab the jug
of water it's just like in panic mode
and I guess my adrenaline was just
rushing and I couldn't know we needed
that we don't need that yet okay look
what's the propane's obviously water to
put it out oh my gosh that was exciting
I'm glad that it didn't get too crazy
Jersey Mike's to the rescue funny story
they now know my name and apparently
when you get on first-name basis with
the people that work there you get a 15%
VIP discount so now we get 15% off every
time I go in there just cuz I go in
there a lot I was like wait what yeah
good excuse to get Jersey Mike's from
burnin burnin everything on the grill
and to think we were gonna one take it
today but we decided not to just because
we're gonna be doing a lot of fun stuff
or Missy's mom's birthday and I just
think it's hilarious that we have all
that on video
Oh fun times what's he doing that wheel
isn't you in there
so we are at a nother pumpkin patch
actually for my mom's birthday she kind
of wanted to go and take all the way to
a pumpkin patch it's a real pumpkin yeah
last time we went to a pumpkin patch
like parking lot Punkie a pumpkin patch
and a pony you have to look at these
babies oh my goodness oh my gosh
oh hello how's it going how's it going
goat Suzie is he he doesn't not like
that another how tall is fall there you
go doing the pony ride mari excited yeah
let him pet the horse be
I don't think he's gonna let them
succeed anymore
yeah he's not really loving the horsie
right now hopefully he lets us ride him
so that was kind of a fail he's coming
back over here to sit on the pumpkins
ride no stinking horse check out all
these different types of pumpkins Horton
canis gourds yeah this like Bob not a
lot of people know who about it yeah
from the beginning
bob is let us know in the comments if
you know who Bob we're gonna try this
little corn maze I have never once
completed a corn maze in my life
are you putting water on his head kind
of cool off hot out but his face is
ready we're at a fork in the path which
way do you want to go I you you're going
the wrong way do we figure it out Oh
suspense the drama
it's like lost we're gonna finish the
corn maze and find out we're all dead
Oh spoiler alert and there you have it
ladies and gentlemen that is how you do
a pardon A's we did it
so we just got home after a very fun day
at the pump parts did you enjoy that
Olli you had fun you loved those animals
and we've got brownies and I actually
made them like little cupcake brownies
because I didn't have another pan so I
made cupcake pans and they seem to track
how see how you like them they're good
oh good
and then I've got my mom's yellow cake
over here got cards and a birthday gift
and tomorrow me and Brian and Ollie and
my dad and my mom are all doing
something really really fun and special
so make sure you watch tomorrow's vlog
because it should be really fun I'm
actually gonna go ahead and the Vox
we're just gonna hang out and chill with
our fam
you know celebrate my mom's birthday and
all that oh you want to take a night say
bye bye
I'll let you say bye bye say safe domed
up the vlog dump that and I'll see you
guys tomorrow
what are you gonna do now
