hey guys before today's vlog starts I
just want to give a shout out to Charlie
for making this intro that's about to
come up if you guys didn't know for the
month of October or as long as possible
in October we're going to be doing
viewer made intros so starting on
October 1st we've been having viewer
made intros I know some of you were
confused about them but I just want to
let you guys know that if you want to
make us an intro you can upload it to
YouTube and send it to me on Twitter and
then I might use it before one of our
videos this month here we go
thanks
hey guys guess what it's 90 degrees
outside but you wouldn't know that with
what Missy's wearing right now I'm
buying a video so that she's actually
feeling some fall videos so she's all
dressed up a black foul yeah actually
feels really nice in the house so it
doesn't matter if I wear right now but
I'll call and be stripping this off as
soon as I walk out this is your basic
fall outfit right here though
you got the scarf with the funky print
you got the sweater that's all nice and
flowy and then you have the tight what
are those called
tights um they are jeggings I'm not
gonna lie they're yoga pants oh but you
don't do yoga but it's okay because you
wear your pants if you don't you know
then follow these yoga and I do love
yoga pants yeah today I had to do my
hair like the guy did it yesterday on
Mad Men style what do you think did you
okay babe I think you did great it
definitely doesn't look exactly like
yesterday hmm because I feel like his
was a little bit more like flat more to
the back oh yeah maybe it wasn't my
front good back yeah I'll figure it out
really really good I love it I miss he
really likes a great job hey you're not
my pretty group Missy spends all her
time in here cuz she hates our room now
I think I'm gonna film in here oh yeah
huh I guess you could come on the bed it
looks pretty I am this morning I
actually woke up early I really want to
switch my schedule around so I those
lights are on I woke up at like 8:30 and
I edited the vlog and then Missy woke up
I like 9:00 but look what came today the
new camera so we're gonna start using
the power shot s110 the guy threw in a
case and a memory card to actually which
I think this is a really good memory
card I think this is better than the
memory card I normally use
I had the battery on the charger because
it never comes with a full fully charged
battery which is annoying because it's
like
I want to use this right away so got all
the normal crap on top wrist strap which
we need because we don't want to do no
lazy vlogging right and then the camera
is going to be a little bit difficult to
film with this thing on it'd be might
not be able to see a whole lot I'm
kidding I'll take it out there is oh
it's got this nice texture on the front
it's light lot lighter than I was
thinking we've actually shot with the
s120 the newer version of this and I
just thought it was too heavy and it was
too big and bulky and I was like I
cannot do this but this feels light it
feels a lot nicer than the s120 and the
specs are pretty much just as good so
soon as that battery's done charging I'm
going to check this thing out
well hey there guys I just got done
doing two videos I made my third shirt
today and something a little bit cooler
actually I just really went to wear
those shirts and when else am I gonna
wear them so I can't wear them outside
so I can wear them for videos so that's
what I did it all I just got from his
nap hello come on says she's coming to
see me nice just cleaning up the room
now that's actually a bunch of stuff
that I got from my friend seracs I did
the unboxing which will be out next week
so if you guys do want to see make sure
you be on the lookout for that cuz I got
her bunch of stuff and it'll be up on
the same day and everything I don't know
if I can really truly Express you guys
how much I love this room but I'm like
pretty much in love with it I I just
don't ever want to leave it I just want
to hang it oh wow maybe you shouldn't
have this really pointy stick oh and
maybe you shouldn't play with light
bulbs either yes maybe this isn't the
safest room for you right now but I'll
make it safer okay for promise nah leave
the light goes alone crazy kid alright
you guys I got the new camera all
charged up and ready I just got it on
the auto so we're going to do some
testing in my right hand is the old
camera and in my left hand is the new
camera so this is with my old camera
right now you can see I'm kind of in a
brightly lit room so we're checking to
make sure that it's focused and that you
can see me and that it looks good in my
left hand we're using
the new camera so we'll switch to that
and I'm in the same room so you can see
you know how the quality is on this side
let me know about audios too I'll be
switching back and forth through audio
but on the new camera let's go check out
Ollie climb in the steps now on the old
camera him climb in the steps
side-by-side much bigger you know it's a
tad bigger but it's not that much
heavier Holly come here let me focus on
suite this room this room looks really
there's a lot of light mama's hair is
everywhere he's actually sleeping you
just swept that room you did not do a
good job can you get behind the door
he's getting such an attitude huh he
really is you guys he's getting a really
big attitude I don't want to say like a
bad attitude he's just starting to get
his personality he's kind of bossy he
really is bossy yes go clean the toilet
next okay he's like me all right I'm
using the new camera and it's a little
bit strange but I'm excited I'm making
me and Ollie food actually just heating
up last night's dinner that Bry made
which was as you can hear always a
little upset are you really really
hungry how does this sound sound good
you look I don't care does get me food
so good I've got like two videos done
today I feel so productive it's some
noodles it's really hard to do with my
left hand I miss it do you want some
severed parts no look at ears eyeballs
can even buy some stretchy worms put any
kids Halloween candy cool wet dollars
she checking out some honeymoon stuff
Missy's got a little art project she's
gonna be working on we have the worst
hurt in the wrong okay hey yeah let me
just show this wheel it gets more work
to have it than not yeah it's okay who's
looking on the ninja stuff we were also
very intrigued by these it's a hat like
what the heck like a crocodile hat
crocodile kisses girl get out kisses
look at that I think we know we're gonna
be for Halloween
totally what a surprise that I'm so
excited cheerleader would be fun maybe
I'll be a Chewie
I wasn't sure later when I was in sixth
grade
give me it hey hey hey yeah she's funny
actually always wanted some of these can
we get some of these he'll throw them in
the crapper cart
what are you doing are you walking with
Mama
Desa we are out running some errands and
we had him in a shopping cart and he's
Lily screaming at everyone like we
pretty much can't take him anywhere
anymore
now we're gonna tell you letting him
just walk ha is he's dragging the Intel
oh yeah I need something from old time I
need something from home - I need
something from the Apple stock look at
the brush is Olly you want to feel him
feel them so there you go hmm they are
really soft huh cool huh this kid is
crazy you guys like I'm letting him walk
he just wants to grab everything he
never gets enough play he's like Karma
he never gets enough play what are you
looking at is this what it's like when
I'm in an electronic store and I'm
looking at stuff exactly and you're like
you have no idea what I'm looking at but
I'm looking at very specific stuff
Pete's up on a Friday night Pete's up on
a Friday night beats up on that Friday
night yep yeah yep yep yep yep
Ali's eating his pizza are you okay you
look a little tired
picking it whole milk - yummy dinner yep
today is pizza party Friday night
thank you Joe fee for creating this
because it has ignited my love of pizza
and I thought I liked crafting I'm sorry
oh babe I'm frustrated hmm Missy's doing
some really cool door crafts that she
found for Halloween yeah I'm sure it's
like the biggest thing this year and
everyone's doing it but I'm just gonna
follow along everyone else should I show
them what we did up there dun dun dun
dun dun look at that you guys we are
doing a mummy door
it looks good babe look can I just say
things got very intricate around the
door handle look at this we had to get
removing that do some repairing that's
okay but it works so we got three little
eyes we're gonna do cobwebs all over and
then we got to do the biggle mouth right
here but if you guys want to see it
finish you'll have to watch tomorrow's
vlog cuz I'm gonna go ahead and end it
here I hope you guys enjoyed your little
stay with us click thumbs up if you did
and as always we will see you guys
tomorrow is this scary Wow
we will see you guys tomorrow I drove
the LA was you guys tomorrow bye sorry
have to can hear you
you can do it look how cute this little
baby is did the best time ever he did so
good today at swim school he was jumping
