good morning you guys it is a sad
morning let me tell you why
Missy and I were really hungry last
night at 11 o'clock at night and we
decided to order a pizza you didn't put
it in the fridge we failed you guys and
we have biscuits like how cool is that
don't push your best
yeah look you owe
amazing things it just looks so good
yeah everything I read online was like
it'll look good it'll smell good it'll
taste good and then you'll be very sick
and I have a very weak stomach so I
would not last long
I'd probably eat it and I'd be fine
I knew probably the same thing and could
be out for three years puking yeah I
don't want to be up for duty speaking by
the way you guys this camera this one
right here that I'm vlogging on is
giving me a lot of trouble I keep I have
to keep putting the battery in and out
and it says charge battery when the
battery is fully charged I don't know if
like the batteries just suck but it's
been crappy so I do have a new camera on
the way
Missy's of course has always had that
mark on the lens which is really
annoying yeah there's not a ghost it's
just a scratch
so hopefully we'll have new cameras by
the time we go to organ because it's
gonna be pretty cool Missy is gonna be a
bridesmaid in her friend's wedding and
not me I don't get to be a bridesmaid I
just get to sit in the things and film
it all I guess taking Oliver because
they love Oliver and they're basically
like his other auntie and uncle I'm
pretty sure that they're probably bombed
they don't get to see our but the thing
is is that if Oliver came Bryan would be
in charge of him and I don't think
Oliver could blast through weddings yeah
Bryan would have to leave and not get to
see the wedding yeah so that would be a
bummer because I've seen these guys be
in love and break up and be in love and
now they're amazing and they need to get
married and I need to see it not only
that but I mean you watch them really
grow up I mean yeah yeah so I want to be
there for the ceremony third grade third
grade I have known that long yeah so I
really want to watch the wedding and I
don't think Oliver will be very good at
the ceremony and I mean it's a wedding
so Missy and I are gonna have fun that
night
yeah totally work and then we are going
to try and take this to half
and yeah like be it with us and it's
only gonna be like two nights three
nights I guess we added on the extra day
so we're actually gonna be taking a
super late flight now so we're gonna be
an organ at like midnight karma
chameleon did you go swimmin you want in
no huh he was just yelling at me saying
you on ten hey come on no guys don't get
in there come on he's just I'm like in
the house and he's like hey I want to
come in and then I come out here he's
like then why are those women all right
I just got ugly up from his nap and we
gotta go get you dressed
Carmen now you have to dry off more okay
your feet are all wet Thanks like dang
it dang it okay come on let's go get
your dress and some cute clothes good
you're wearing your Halloween pants huh
huh silly yeah yeah come on up up up up
in the room in the room here we go I
think it is so funny because Brian was
just talking about how our cameras are
like just kind of being a little weird
lately
and mine just like officially told me it
was done so when I go to turn it on it
goes on and then it turns off
immediately and then it says this lends
air will shut down automatically if I
try it again that's what it does restart
camera and this is all it does now I
will not like turn on Ellie rest in
peace pink camera
it's really sad I think this one is
completely this thing is definitely done
but sucks I really loved having a pink
camera and don't think I'm going to be
able to get any more pink cameras
because the ones that we're getting now
I don't think they're gonna have like
cute colors and stuff like that alright
let's pick out a cute little outfit for
you let's see look here's an unwarned
shirt right here good seriously handsome
totally awesome that's you huh all right
got the little munchkin dress he's
wearing his little shark outfit and also
you always mess with this I'm gonna have
to get rid of this thing and I am
actually wearing a shirt from Target it
says wild
at heart it's so cute isn't it super
cute it's not like super super long
squeeze and then it's kind of like a
short top it like just reaches my old
jeans uh it that just reaches my um
pants so I really really really like it
I got at Target okay dude why did you do
that you pulled it out now I have to
find out there it is you're so naughty
also remember yesterday when I was
complaining because I was like these
things don't love it so annoying well I
think I discovered the problem well
there is a little hole here that I could
probably put it in or it's either upset
it's either that or it's upside down
because there's a big hole down here too
oh look at this he's carrying this room
apart you are so naughty he's so proud
of himself thank you I did it today
we're trying know what today we're
trying on something a little bit
different he is sitting in his highchair
but at the table and eating his lunch
the only reason I'm doing this because
the tablecloth looks dirty so I'm
washing it right now so I was like oh
let's try this table all right so what
do you happen we are having a turkey
sandwich with some cheese and turkey so
we have leftover some apples and water
he hasn't really trying to bite of a
sandwich yet though and he's like um I
want some
don't give him any him and karma have a
very interesting relationship a lot of
the times karma is a sort of afraid of
him but also karma has this like a love
for all Ã«that he really does like try
and like protect him and care for him um
like for instance um he Carmen knows all
he's not allowed to climb on to this
oven and so whenever all he does it and
I don't see it he goes over and he
nudges him off because he knows he's not
supposed to do it it's really crazy and
he'll do it like if we're up on the
stairs and he thinks always a little too
close to the stairs karma will come over
and push him the other way
it's kind of interesting it's a little
bit weird I try not to encourage karma
to do it but I can tell that karma is
trying to protect Olly they just have a
very interesting relationship there you
go
yeah all right guys so Missy pretty much
hates it when I tell you guys anything
and I have nothing to show for it um but
I did want to let you guys know that a
new intro is coming as well as a new
song okay there are gonna be I don't
think I'm actually going to use the song
in the inch of this time because the
intros gonna be a little bit different
I'm working with an animator friend of
mine and we're putting together
something really really cool really
special that I think you guys will like
I think a month is our time frame for
the new intro so that's really exciting
and I did want to say that if you guys
want to actually like make us an intro
like and I'll totally use some of them
like between now and then so if you guys
want to make us an intro just make sure
that it's like 20 seconds long there's
no copyrighted like music or pictures or
anything in there that it's just like
our footage and our stuff and then your
creativity that would be really awesome
can upload it to youtube and just tweet
me the links and I can actually get them
that way and throw them in our videos so
that should be really cool oh I am so
upset I finally got out of the house
with Oliver and I have to mill my box
that I packaged up yesterday um today
like I have to mail it today and I just
went to the Vito box and apparently they
closed it for I thought they'd look at
five it's the Pele box the post off is
so frustrated so I literally got on the
car had this box and all this stuff at
Oliver and I had like everything it is
like a Hugh and I like got up there I'm
like finally open it nothing Oliver like
running off and now he's all upset oh so
frustrated right now but um and now I
have to find a post office about is open
I just found a studio that we can
actually record at for our new song I do
want to have a new song even though it's
not going to be in the intro because
it's just fun this is something that
I've never done before is write a song
and so I actually wrote a song and I'm
working on it with my friend in Idaho so
it's it's too hard like communicating
back and forth to create a songs but
essentially he's he's doing everything
like as I tell him like with my notes
and stuff and then he's going to give me
a track then I had to take it to a
recording studio and then we're gonna
record and we'll probably make a music
video for it it'll be super super nice I
just want to update you guys on a couple
of those things that are coming but I'm
excited if you guys want to do some fan
intros and send them our way
I'd love to use them I think that'd be
really cool we're gonna try this again I
decided to go down the street to the UPS
Store hopefully ISM cussed me and more
money than it did that it would like at
a USPS place and yeah you took your
shoes off so I get to put those on grab
the box
grab that down there have my purse grab
you hopefully this isn't a disaster hi
what are you doing
Mama's almost done so don't pull
anything out there come on Sylvia hey
all right say bye bye that was a slight
disaster but we got it done and I
thought it mattered we did good huh look
you splashing it's so cute
all these flats in not like totally
weird really
check this out you guys always full-on
diving now oh my gosh he is fearless
that's so cool you're going with comfort
food tonight we got mashed potatoes
homemade we got chicken strips
I made some gravy some green beans that
I did in the oven okay he's actually
sitting at the table with his new key
Karoo yeah that's cool
oh-ho so all he did not like my dinner
what happened boo what happened you
weren't digging it look at your toys are
all over can you clean them up please oh
look he's got his tools
he's been throwing us lately gentle take
the trays up not like doing it in like a
mean way he just doesn't realize hey I
have um something really cool to tell
you guys and I'm not gonna tell you you
should go watch the videos go watch
Ellie and Jared's video they have two
videos that came out this morning I will
have them link below in the description
you will not be sorry that's all I'm
gonna say click this video if you
enjoyed it I mean click the thumbs up
button don't click the video that pauses
the video all he's only halfway up the
stairs you ready to go take a bath or
cute whoo that was awesome yeah go watch
the videos see you guys for watching we
will see you tomorrow look at that but
get up them stairs with that booty you
got it
ah that's what happens when karma gets
too close to duck are you okay buddy
