dinner Halloween candy dinner Halloween
candy dinner Halloween candy should we
really be putting the Halloween candy
on the dining table Missy this is our
son baby
my new amazing things can you push some
buttons how cool is that I just pulled
this toy out he got it for his birthday
and he's never here he's usually he is
still in his pajamas cuz I want to show
them to you guys there's Fox pajamas he
actually slept last night with them on
it was probably like 65 we opened up all
the windows upstairs and just let the
air run through you're so excited now
you got a new toy huh so super nice in
the house we don't have to run the air
or anything you're making the monkey
dance say dance monkey dance need some
breakfast get me going I'm gonna eat
this leftover Chinese food for breakfast
is that is that weird I'm also gonna
need my morning coffee today is National
Coffee Day but instead of coffee I'm
gonna do my little miracles organic
energy been drinking this black tea
almost every morning it is so good
people said that I can find it at Target
and I looked at Target and I couldn't
find it so I think the only place you
can buy it right now is Amazon what's up
buddy you're playing with your monkey I
want to see your pretty face look at you
babe cool outfit are you doing your hair
your makeup Ali's up there yeah is he
getting in your way a little bit
oh he's trying to get ready for the day
mm-hmm let's go drink your milk it's
fine I gotcha
holy crap you guys there's a huge bird
sitting on our fence what do you think
that is babe but I just think every big
bird of the Hawks what is that
he's huge my gosh he's so cool-looking
whoa look at that beak and those eyes
all right okay hey maybe I just liked it
further it looks like a hawk
that is so cool you guys it's like this
huge bird just chilling here let us know
in the comments if you know what bird
that is hey Ally I think we should not
call you all anymore and call you
stinker we just got him up from his
and there was like all these little
things in his bed and it kind of looked
like poop but he was wearing like a full
outfit I was like how could poop have
gotten out sure enough it wasn't poop he
threw up and it was all gone except for
like little pieces so I don't know this
is kind of super gross like all dried in
his hair super super gross so he's gonna
take a nap I just ripped his bed and
he's gonna have to wash everything I
don't know why he threw up though I feel
really bad because he woke up from his
nap so I'm wondering if he threw up then
before he fell asleep wasn't a lot for
sure it was definitely just a little bit
but it's still enough to like just kind
of make his hair kind of gross and
crusty he's in there somewhere you can
see the little handprints here hang on
oh very good
taking a shower he's a high shower
incant really scared him for too long
scent fogs up yeah he's just getting
clean I want to show you guys I just got
rid of a ton of clothes I kind of just
went through my closet and I did
actually replace a lot of my summer
clothes with winter clothes although
it's really not that warm out right now
my mom and sister go through it first
because there might be clothes in there
that I stole from them and I've just
been in my closet and so I I put them in
there so they'll probably go through
them and then I'll end up giving them to
the goodwill he's like hey mom hi are
you in there
where are you he loves taking showers I
don't like it so much because I can't
really see him and I can't really like
see what he's doing but he thinks it's
the funnest thing ever it's time for
lunch
sketch in here I just got him in here
for lunch and today we are having
bananas a carrot muffin which is like
his favorites and some quinoa are you
gonna eat okay let's try some quinoa
what nope he's like I see them up in
here I see it give it to me
we just got done
filming my weaning video so I'm so proud
of myself for getting that done No why
aren't you eating eat something
there you go so that video will be up on
Wednesday so be on the lookout for that
oh look at this that's my box for Sarah
got everything wrapped and in here it
looks so cute I'm so proud of it and
actually one more thing I've got to get
her and I'm really excited for it so
hopefully that video will be up next
week you guys can see what I got Sarah
on her channel and she's sending me a
box so we'll see what she got me next
week too so I'm really excited someone's
got a pope a dice bara in the parking
lot this is okay right there we're
changing a diaper in the parking lot oh
it's really bad it's really bad it's
everywhere oh my gosh what did you eat
what did you eat he's like a key one he
rigged up the car to I was just like
sitting there while Bryan did errands
and he came back in the car and he's
like it stinks in here yeah it was
pretty horrible but it's Monday so you
know that means we gotta go grocery
shopping for the week
you gotta give you more food so that you
can make more poopy diapers
it's not they're really big - we always
with the crappy pumpkins like later I
know yeah
Oliver you want a pumpkin you wanna
carve one this year you can get all
messy with your pumpkin
we are stocking up on our Halloween
candy we got this one
with all these in it for 135 pieces and
we got some Kit Kats
because I let Kit Kats and Missy had to
have the Reese's pumpkin so hopefully
that's enough candy we have no idea what
to expect as far as trick-or-treaters
this year so remember that one year we
were like super prepared for like a ton
and then no one showed up you all yeah
kind of candy but it's still early we'll
probably still get a lot of candy later
on is that a monkey in there with one of
you monkeys are in there he's like get
in there monkey big ole never that yeah
here let me get it you say I don't want
to dream they're lumpy heart without
lowly learning to use his feet yeah and
like moving this he likes to get in
everything I don't think they're just
long enough yeah I know short legs
he tries though he'll like try and move
a CEO pieces now 100 he wants to get in
it with the monkey that's what he was
trying to do there what stuff you all in
there there you go okay no happy there
Holly look at me Nikki yeah you're don't
cute Oh - get out of there monkey Oh
Tessa's from karma karma ha ha dinner
Halloween candy dinner Halloween candy
dinner Halloween candy should we really
be putting the Halloween candy on the
dining table Missy check out this dinner
I made you guys I did those easy steamed
vegetables with the cheese on arm some
steak pasta rings I'm a drink
oli Oh what are you eating you got
peaches and squash and some noodles and
even some meat how many tired already
come on you ain't tired let's go
upstairs and she has requested a
linkie from the dryer it's so warm and
fluffy and cozy Oh mmm
look it's not clean like that that is
not like my drinky look at you you look
comfy boy you do all your bedtime
routine yeah now it's time for actual
bed oh geez hurry they go waste I've
been concocting a little plan to get the
pool warm wait I don't know
oh are you not fully dressed a little
too early to be warming the pool still I
really want to get in it's okay yeah so
we were like okay how about we just warm
the hot tub and have it pour into the
pool sorry okay really
so we kind of went out it was not as
warm as it usually is yeah it's not like
hot but it feels nice so if this could
just be on there that'd be nice if you
were over here making out with me that
night Dolly's sleeping he is fast asleep
in there look at him
right going under why are you ready
three Missy you jerk
what I was seeing let it go oh yeah okay
you guys look who's on our TV screen
right now
it's Elsa that is fierce right yeah so
once upon a time did like a frozen cross
over and I guess um Anna and Elsa are
now in the show but the pod of time so
we're catching up on Hulu Plus if you
guys don't know you can get two weeks
free of Hulu Plus go to Hulu Plus comm
slash daily bumps and watch the new once
upon a time with Anna and Elsa it's
pretty stinkin cool let it go
or maybe they build a snowman I know I I
believe you said that they need to go
build another snow me I know where's all
what happened to all but Kristoff isn't
it and spending yep
I'm making pumpkin bread machine but it
smells amazing I can smell it yeah gonna
go ahead and end today's vlog but I have
some instructions for you guys we need
some help for the brand new look who's
walking episode Ali's gonna be doing an
advice episode does that sound cool yeah
sounds cute totally so here's what we're
gonna do you guys I need you guys to
make a video on Instagram I'm asking
Oliver about advice it could be
relationships it can be school it can be
parenting it can be funny stuff feel
free to make a video on Instagram
directly asking him and then I'm going
to put the ones that we choose in the
actual video so you may see yourself in
a future look who's walking episode on
baby League let's do hashtag all the
advice
oh that sound good well put in
and everything it has to be a public
video on Instagram with the hashtag all
the advice I can't wait to see what you
guys do and then we're gonna put
together a really cool advice video for
the next look who's vlogging sounds fun
but anyway I'm gonna go ahead and end
today's vlog check the description for
more information
about being in the upcoming episode of
look who's blogging and if you guys want
to get that two weeks free from Hulu
Plus and thank you guys for watching
give this video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and we'll see you tomorrow
bye what's going on we're in the bathtub
boo boo time today
vii on it's not diarrhea okay it is 77
times
