good morning guys I'm already out and
about I'm actually getting my hair done
today today I didn't do my hair because
I like never do my hair when I go to the
hairdresser's I'm like why she's just
kind of like washing and all that but
getting it colored and cut a little bit
probably not much and I'm gonna make it
look really good because I'm going to a
wedding and I want to look fresh and
pretty and cool so here we go we are a
one camera family right now and it sucks
we definitely need to order the other
camera I can't even find the old camera
so I'm vlogging on my phone again
I hate vlogging on my phone where's oli
oli where are you hey are you hoping
daddy you're gonna sweep right well I
already slept but thank you thank you
for your help I'm actually getting ready
to turn on the vacuum but this is always
a very funny thing in our house so I
want to show you guys
are you still afraid of the vacuum bud
come here why are you so afraid of it
ha ha it's ok it's ok here we go it's a
really good way to get cuddles just turn
on the vacuum cleaner and then he like
runs to you he's afraid of the big bad
the big vacuum cleaner I actually have
been busy all morning we are going in
full clean mode for the house so I
cleaned up
the back area got the pool all filled up
because a little low cleaned up dog poop
replace the fly traps all that good
stuff and yeah it's just gonna be a busy
day of cleaning today cuz we gotta get
ready to go we're leaving tomorrow night
we're leaving this guy and I have a lot
of feelings about it that I'll probably
express at a later date but I am so
hungry so Thursday so I'm resorting to
my little miracles for a little boost
and now I got a vacuum I just sat down
there with my hair and what do you think
I definitely want a little more
chocolatey Brown than like that reddish
tone that I used to do um not that yet
like that I just wanted to do a little
less red again I got a lot more blonde
streaks in there I'm gonna few guys can
really see it but definitely a lot more
blonde I love them so excited I
definitely have to like clean up some
stuff I've got some uh what is it called
color right here but yeah now I've
actually got tons of errands to do
actually leaving for Kelsey and Corben's
wedding tomorrow and I have tons to do
and Brian keeps sending me like more
lists of things I need to get done
before I come home so definitely gotta
get going on that stuff so I have enough
time he's actually also I'm filming a
video today busy day
a good day
oli do you just keep pushing the bike
what do you do with that first step on
my to-do list
return my mom's makeup she left it in my
backpack so I gotta get back to her
oh hey karma ha ha what are you doing
over here you crazy dog huh huh huh oh
hi leo hi leo
he spent the day over here cuz we went
to Disneyland he couldn't be alone all
day long okay
stop jumping stop jumping I missed you
too mmm
oh hello Claire bear
I'm gonna do some fixin buddy hey yo
turn in a minute he likes what I do that
too
nananana nanana nanana nanana nanana I
got as much like hood off my scalp but
it wasn't the best I'm just gonna have
to wash my hair tonight karma I was
actually gonna take him bring all my
errands to do I have to leave you again
I'm sorry do you know how to stay in a
hot car kind of sucks but he loves it
here so it's okay you love it here huh
you love it here more than you love it
at my house she's like yeah pretty much
gonna sir
getting stuff done cuz the day is kind
of slipping away from me look at this
you guys you just chillin with Daddy
he's drinking some apple juice and we're
watching TV got all our stuff done just
waiting for mom to get home but um this
is amazing he's cuddling with me you
guys aren't cute
you're cuddling with me so I'm just like
soaking this in right now this is pretty
much adorable I'm looking at him and
like in that screen hi hi baby do you
know what I'm doing I'm recording I'm
recording you you were loving that apple
juice aren't you he's actually rubbing
his eye so he might actually take him
out check out this parking spot I got
you guys there's target there's the tree
I am both close to the door and shaded
heck yeah I win I'm headed into target I
gotta grab some food for Ollie for the
week so he's got he stuffed up my mom
can make him lunches and dinners and
stuff like that guys I'm just I'm really
sad right now bright I just saw this
picture Bryan posted of him and Ollie
and how he's soaking it in because we're
leaving tomorrow
and I'm just sad because I'm out doing
errands
and I haven't hung out with Olli at all
today and we leave tomorrow this is my
last chance and it really sad it's gonna
be really hard leaving him putting and
get this stuff done so I can go home and
see my baby before he goes down to bed
so I guess it is mail time mail time
mail time meal time meal time here's the
mail it never fails it makes me wanna
like like tell ya
missing went by the peel box we mean to
go forever got some really cool stuff
Jessica sent me a case of Little
Miracles and it's my favorite the black
tea kind so Thank You Jessica that was
so nice of you I'm going to add that to
my collection and then I will never run
out
ha ha ha ha ha another thing we got is
this really cool door hanger it's a
chalkboard and it came with some chalk
so you can like write a message this for
the guest room Everitt people are
visiting us they want to say do not
disturb they can write do not disturb or
they can write come on in we can write
welcome on it whatever we want really
you sitting in the cupboard
we got cards and drawings and pictures
who's that is this supposed to be me oh
I thought I was wearing a belly shirt
but that's my arm
that is funny Oh someone sent us money
yeah Australian money it's so cool lots
of shirts for Olly and shorts there's a
v-neck in here right
I saw a v-neck little v-neck for ollie
Ollie's playing with all the men ok
let's not know ok I love the smell of
your hair right after you get it died
yeah it does chemical smell good
sometimes ok
drying that's it boy dad mom like ok you
guys this sign language thing is really
starting to catch on with Oliver a few
minutes ago he handed me something and I
said thank you and then
she asked for it back who's just like
holding his hand out so I said say
please say please yeah hey please
we have to use it in context I know but
it's so cute
take me take me can I please have that
baby started walking around like saying
please and I was like anything ever I
definitely have to start using it a lot
more because I really think that he's
like really starting to catch on because
now he says eat and sometimes he he
tries to say water yeah I eat he just
did it oh please that's trees and eat
and water can do water sea water he's
like oh he's like this raging why there
oh yeah
it's hard for him to change uh eat and
water but now you think nin water
learning so quickly it's crazy I really
gotta like start introducing more and
more sign language I got one more sign
Larry I don't even know that much sign
language huh but Mimi knows a lot huh my
mom actually went to college for a few
years ago and learned a bunch of stuff
that eat hey saying water like this
waters like this three fingers fire you
say just give it to me good I'm a hot
got a new hashtag up on the chalkboard
wall hashtag wander wedding that is the
hashtag that our friends are using for
their wedding it's gonna be a real like
close-knit intimate ceremony so I'm
pretty excited just excited to for our
friends to be married finally we watch
these guys grow up in school you know I
knew Corbin since I was in third grade
so I'm really excited to just to see
them come together to to up watch that
is a really cool thing check this out
you guys
Halloween candy just cuz it's not
Halloween doesn't mean you you can't be
Halloween candy we've shown a lot laughs
- I might add a couple things I want to
talk to with you guys about we have a
new episode on baby league it's called
all the advice and Oliver basically
gives a bunch of people some really
hilarious really cute advice so go check
that out I'll have a link below in the
description for that also Missy's box
wop video just went up so go check that
out it's on her channel a hobbit link
below she swapped boxes with a good
friend of her Sarah Louise and the video
came out really really nice so go check
that out also I just wanted to thank
everyone who's been praying for our
friends Ellie and Jared they had some
good results today about baby Meachem
and we're just really really excited for
them I think this was just a really good
example of God being in control of
something you know they weren't
necessarily trying in it and it just
sort of happened and it was kind of one
of those things where like you could
have it planned but God has other plans
and they were just troopers through the
entire thing and I'm just so excited go
head over to their channel today if you
guys want to see more details about what
happened but should be a good flaw but
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed today's
bug quick thumbs up if you did and as
always we will see you guys tomorrow
Barty
when you do an ollie
McGhee beers
I'm coming we're lying for Jory look
it's right about to get sweet
