okay oh crap oh crap oh crap oh crap oh
crap oh crap oh crap oh crap son baby
these are boys gonna do amazing things
money never massage it's supposed to
hurt than a massage dubious madness
needs Oh
asaji I'm waiting on the counter right
oh no I like I really do live laying on
the counter I do it multiple times a day
I'm not afraid to none of that that's
what today is
it's my mom's birthday so we're doing a
bit of celebrating I just went to the
store and grabbed some stuff and cake
you can't have birthday without a cake I
was just talking about this earlier how
yellow cake with chocolate frosting is
like the most ghetto cake but not
doesn't that cages look ghetto well
we're not making that word is making
yellow cake and cream cheese frosting
because this is my mom's all-time
favorite cake ever
I usually buy a chocolate cake I'm like
cuz I have to celebrate the birthday too
but I went ahead and I didn't get the
chocolate
I actually just so happened to have a
box of brownies in here so I can
celebrate all is good with the world I
am grilling up a couple burgers for Macy
and I for lunch
cuz I am starving I couldn't find
anything for breakfast so I think I
literally just ate a bowl of applesauce
Slavin we got the flamin burgers love
using this grill especially around
lunchtime cooking on a grill for lunch
time is just so no boo just tastes so
much better
oh go go time for swim this I think is
all dry misty air dried this so I'm
gonna take it inside and put it on
oli oh my gosh you are the cutest thing
I've ever seen that's a cool shirt I
think did a viewer make that for us that
is awesome
yo oh he's got his broom yeah you're
gonna do anything cute today like
crawling to a box did you see that babe
my watch telling me about it says she's
watching like three times you haven't
watched the blog did you thumbs it up I
don't think she thumbs it up you guys
why our exile reddish brown and not
white Nicki cuz they came out of the
chicken that is brown eggs yeah wait is
there chickens who like lay white eggs
yes oh I always thought that bleep see
outside eat eggs I didn't know you know
I could really use right now Ryan a
KitchenAid okay oh crap oh crap oh crap
oh crap oh crap oh crap oh crap oh crap
oh crap
ah everything's on fire
Romain's off I need something he's still
recording okay yeah so that happened
Brian I think he's got it under control
hopefully I'm really just worried about
those trees right there for just Dani
you're like my water get the water right
you break our lives Oh everything shut
off I don't know if that little spell I
think you're gonna need something bigger
than that
there we go there we go there we go
you did it I don't know what happened my
eyes it was looking so good
I just put the cheese on in the bread
and I shut it that's what I normally do
when I leave it for like a minute how
does that happen I don't know how to do
hi I don't think so
oh my gosh so there are actually buns up
there those are our buttons hi guys is
that scary or what it is so crazy oh my
god you guys I just watched the Attic
now that everything's under control I
just watched that clip back and the hose
is right there and I did not think to
turn it on instead I went in here and
grabbed a jug of water it's just like in
panic mode I guess my adrenaline is just
rushing and I couldn't think we have a
good thing down here though I don't
think we needed vows yeah we don't need
that yet okay look once the propane's
obviously water to put it out oh my gosh
that was exciting I'm glad that it
didn't get too crazy Jersey Mike's to
the rescue funny story they now know my
name and apparently when you get on
first-name basis with the people that
work there you get a 15% VIP discount so
now we get 15% off every time I go in
there just cuz I go in there a lot I was
like wait what yeah good excuse to get
Jersey Mike's from burnin burnin
everything on the grill and to think we
were gonna one take it today but we
decided not to just because we're gonna
be doing a lot of fun stuff or Missy's
mom's birthday and I just think it's
hilarious that we have all that on video
Oh fun times what's he doing that wheel
is new in there
really oh good so we are at a another
pumpkin patch actually for my mom's
birthday she kind of wanted to go and
take all the way to a pumpkin patch it's
a real pumpkin yeah last time we went to
a pumpkin patch
you're like parking lot Punkie a pumpkin
pie channel yeah yeah I'm gonna ride a
pony yeah you have to be on home a few a
competi
the filter got it
holy moly moly look at these babies oh
my goodness oh my gosh little nervous
and you saw that big one you guys ready
oh hello how's it going how's it going
goat that one keeps going errant not
always like hello Susie he doesn't not
like that it's another how tall is fall
there you go just look at how my god oh
by the window doing the pony ride are we
excited I'm excited too guys are gonna
come in to take pictures yeah Oh
let him pet the horse key I don't think
he's gonna let him he screams it wasn't
like Percy's anymore yeah hey hi he's
not really loving the horsey right now
hopefully he lets us write him down not
this year so that was kind of a fail
he's coming back over here to sit on the
pumpkin really I don't wanna ride no
stinking horse check out all these
different types of pumpkins you see here
or a horn can you wear this gourds is
that like Bob yeah this like Bob not a
lot of people know about it oh yeah
they'd have to be from the beginning you
know who bought it let us know in the
comments if you know who Bob it this is
more Bob's color in Lane what we have
Miranda amber we had him that's a hell
does your Pig we're gonna try this
little corn maze I have never once
completed a corn maze in my life
by putting water on his head
I gotta cool off tonight I got hot out
but his face is red we're at a fork in
the path which way do you want to go
this way they said don't follow them
they don't know if they doing Chuck we
think our oh yeah I told you you're
going the wrong way the big circle can
see we lost Cassie I'm right here no do
we figure it out Oh suspense the drama
it's like lost we're gonna finish the
corn maze and find out we're all dead Oh
spoiler alert and there you have it
ladies and gentlemen that is how you do
a corn maze we did it
how's my setback so we just got home
after a very fun day at the pump Paris
did you enjoy that Olli you had fun you
loved those animals um and we've got
brownies and I actually made them like
little cupcake brownies because I didn't
have another pan so I made cupcake
manners and they seemed to cheer on
Cassie how you like them they're good
you know good
um and then I've got my mom's yellow
cake over here got cards and birthday
gift and tomorrow me and Brian and Ollie
and my dad and my mom are all doing
something really really fun and special
so make sure you watch tomorrow's vlog
because um should be really fun I'm
actually gonna go ahead and the vlogs
we're just gonna hang out and chill with
our fam you know celebrate my mom's
birthday and all that Holly don't take a
night say bye bye oh you say bye bye say
safe domed up the vlog thumbs up and
I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
you
what are you gonna do now
