three cheers for the Freak and weekend
it's the weekend you guys get happy get
pumped
how's it going guys how are you how are
you doing it is Saturday for us it is
Sunday for you because wait he's still
got time to be free until Monday want to
know who also hates Mondays this kitty
cat right here
Oh crept up on me like a boar and a
forest that is not a saying that people
say what hello I'm gonna be honest
there's probably about 10 more why that
comes from Thomas freaking out he's like
what's going on in there are you being
attacked hey boy oh no I'm not being
attacked I just have sneezes I'm sorry
I'm sorry if I upset you I'm sorry
so woke up again early this morning with
my new routine and it was good I got up
I edit the vlog I put up Missy's video
Hey oh this is Ali's and I edited the
vlog I put Missy's video up if you guys
didn't see Missy actually put up a video
the mommy scenario tag it turned out
really good and it's in a new location
so go watch that and let her know in the
comments what you guys think of her new
location cuz she actually might be
filming in there more often today I also
did this thing called the couch to 5k
program it's this app I've had on my
phone for quite a while now don't have
been wanting to do it for a while but I
never really got up early enough to run
because it's hot outside fast here in
California so get to do it early I went
today and I think I did pretty good I
did 2.3 miles thirty minutes
it was just day one I do like brisk walk
walk run like intervals just to get you
warmed up and prepared because from
someone who just doesn't run every
single day it's hard to but it was nice
I felt good and I felt good to be out
and running and getting my day started
so that was definitely really cool let
me know if you guys have experience with
this apathy if you used it at all
because I'd love to know what your
experience was like so I'm getting ready
to leave the house but I want to show
you my yeah I want to see it I've only
seen it in the dark
I know no wait Karma wait Cara don't eat
anyone if I open the door kay there
there she is isn't it cool
that's a wrap I love it I just think it
looks so cool with the mouth and the
teeth and the cobwebs they love it
spiders on it too
he's like a little mummy this is so cool
get ready to head out cause it's my
mom's birthday and I'm celebrating it
with her and my sister J and look I'm
wearing earrings are you guys proud of
me my earrings those are cool you look
cute
like your shirt we'll see how when we
last me and my mom and my sister are
gonna go out and we're gonna do girly
stuff and all he's sleeping so Brian
you're in charge
Brian you're in charge
yeah today so I'm gonna play lots of
games all right sounds like a plan fine
I just picked up my mom and my sister is
celebrating my mom's birthday and I
asked her where she wanna go for lunch
and she said oh garden Oh garden so who
doesn't want to go to all garden that's
perfect so it's we're doing for lunch
we can't go to all garden without
getting no key chicken no key
we all got it I think I'm who was that
that convinced them all that chicken of
these good do you like to connect before
I've never had a for sure and you still
don't eat the carrots or just finish oh
hey hey everything else except for the
weird stuff vegetables you eat the
nokia's chicken yeah and what is chicken
gnocchi soup clothes celery no rose
no taste you don't either
I don't either she's definitely my
daughter yeah Cassie's the only what
weird when they eat everything in Italy
recently starting to like it's not that
bad oh we also have some delicious
shrimp freed freed up right now for job
how'd it oh it's really really good
though so and of course presentation
Erin offer is awesome
we're pretty much hanging out today so
well missus god I have been playing
shadow of mordor this game is so good
you guys oli just woke up so I'm gonna
go and say hello good morning Starshine
good a little bit of little bit of
little bit of little bit of little bit
of a blue blue blue blue hey kitty let's
let some Sun and how was your nap kiddo
how was your nap hi you know what I've
been noticing you guys he's a baby
technically people tell me that he's not
a toddler until - you're a toddler when
you hit two years old toddling twos I
guess right but you're still a baby but
he just looks like a little kid like
he's growing up you know and that's just
so cool I love this kid more than
anything you guys it is crazy the love
that you find that you have for
something or someone after you have a
kid you're so cute and you just
hypnotize your mom and I now we do
whatever you want right
hi my mom wanted a foot massage today so
we are instead of doing pedicures we're
just gonna do a focus on actually I want
to get like a regular one it's like
magical and next folder he says she's
like I don't want anything else just my
feet my feet look you never Rosaline
have there's no such thing as a to long
foot massage yeah exactly
what are you gonna do now he pulled that
box over there himself but now he's just
standing in it while playing yeah you're
so happy
oh don't climb that now I don't do that
look at how stinking cute he is in these
pants he's wearing jeans they're like
skinny jeans almost huh think those are
like nine months yeah they are a little
tight on his leg we didn't twist if he
gets sick you made yourself dizzy we are
headed out of the house and we're gonna
go to the pumpkin patch and maybe pick
out a pumpkin we don't have any real
pumpkins yes babe do you think so let's
not eat
they eat Peter
we're at Baja Fresh gettin some food
because Bryan was starving and always
over here going eat eat eat eat yeah eat
that cute eat gonna have a hat in a
while you guys shrimp bar burrito look
at that bro hey get your hands off my
burrito let's go let's go let's go let's
go let's go let's go let's go we just
turned forever
find a parking spot and we are headed to
the pumpkin patch in the next year we're
that headed to next year's pumpkin patch
now it's it took forever to get better
I'm not letting it go you're going next
we're staying here for a year so this is
the pumpkin patch that we actually went
to last year
how old was Ollie a couple months 3 or 4
months there it is we actually took a
picture of him next to the height thing
to see how tall he was and so we're
going to take the same picture this year
and then hope that we can find last
year's picture or what ok really excited
cuz I would watch last year's blog oh
yeah huh it was it was around this time
cuz they had the pumpkin patch so sure
we find it I guess a little bit later
was going kind of a really fun
let's go
yeah
pumpkins look at all the pumpkins boy oh
you want that big one you want that big
one
oh you can't even pick it up he rolls it
we found it you guys how tall this fall
Gracie I'll talia's and then we're gonna
watch last year's and see I'll call you
look at you you're just above the two
and a half were labeling whatever left
now the cooler wall whoop I got enough
stars
he's rock it out while he's playing in
the hey come here buddy
oh he's not happy
oh you got in the hey it's covered in
hay now there you go oh my gosh thank ya
push let him walk around and run around
and dance and stuff it's quite hilarious
actually
that's cute he's just chillin in the hay
with his pumpkin it's so cute that we
took him here last year and now he's
like actually grabbing pumpkins you know
backed up sit on all of the pumpkins
market is crazy
and so awesome and amazing and I just
love him so much he's trying to find a
good pumpkin thrown apparently we are
leaving the pumpkin patch and Ollie
enjoyed himself although we did
encounter Ali's first bully this kid was
18 months old right boys 14 they walk up
to each other
Ollie like in swindles like this goes
like smiles in his face like just loves
this kid right and then this kid for
like two hand pushes Ollie in the chest
and Ollie slyke's like lands on his butt
I didn't mind he was like oh it's okay
we can still be friends and so all he
goes over and sits on a pumpkin and then
the gate walks over to him and full-on
open-handed slaps all across the face
seriously I heard the smack Ali's head
went and like it was traumatizing
probably so sad but like all he was just
like hey alright you guys I am gonna go
ahead and end today's vlog but before I
do I just wanted to let you guys know
Jared and Ellie are kind of having a
rough couple of days in their video
today they sort of talked about what
happened at the doctor's appointment so
if you guys haven't watched that or
whatever I'll have a link below to their
channel so you guys can check it out and
I just encourage you guys to just go to
their video and just leave a happy
positive comment because they could just
really use it we've been talking to them
like all day for the past couple days
and there's having a rough couple couple
days if they lived closer I would be at
their house in a second and just like
hugging them you know and in talking
them through it as much as I could at
least yeah anyway I just want to let you
guys know about that thank you guys for
watching if you enjoyed today's vlog
give it a thumbs up and we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye this room looks really
got a lot of light momma's hair is
everywhere everything he's actually
sleeping you just swept that room you
did not do a good job can you get behind
this door
