pumpkin spice latte cupcake don't even
do not Sun baby is a boy
he's gonna do amazing things Ollie is up
and move it and groove it and drinking
his juice and playing with his Mickey
aren't you good morning guys I'm getting
Ollie's breakfast ready made him some
oatmeal looks a little thick I'm gonna
add some milk I threw in some
blueberries which I have a little bit of
cinnamon sugar because let's face it
oatmeal is very but with nothing in it
you excited car let's get you in the
chair the high chair not the electric
chair all right here you go kiddo what
do you think
all right you grab your spoon there you
go
there you go that was pretty dang good
let me get you a bit its Olli just
finished his breakfast and now
hey Olli hey what are you do it
Olli what are you doing
you just ate breakfast buddy nothing
Oliver I've had a chance to install the
locks on these yet but we need to are
you just a hungry hungry babe maybe he's
got like a big growth spurt going on or
something I don't know maybe he just
really liked those cinema knows huh hey
guys oh my gosh so today I woke up with
a fire under my butt and I was like I
need to clean my house so I pretty much
woke up and I put Oliver down for his
nap and I started cleaning everything I
made the bed I've swept I've wiped down
the counters last thing I just need to
do is vacuum but I was kind of waiting
until Oliver woke up which I think you
woke up yeah look how clean my house is
mmm just felt like hug the house just
feels gross and if you don't know it's
fall as of today so I feel like whenever
there's a season change it's like a good
time to do like a spring cleaning even
though it's not spree but it's fall I'm
so excited I'm gonna open up my windows
and I'm gonna let some air in and you
know the weather's actually been amazing
outside I love just getting in the car
and like havin things at you and just
listening to music lately I've been
listening to Spotify but I've been
thinking about changing it up to beats
music but you guys should let me know
what's been your experience with beats
music if you're subscribed to it do you
like it
do you like it better than Spotify
something about changing it up right now
I'm actually doing a few errands I got
to go grocery shopping get some food for
tonight and we are all out of propane in
our barbecue again we go through that
stuff like crazy so I got to get that
refilled but man it's beautiful today
look at this not a cloud in the sky I
hear a little stinker bug I hear I don't
think you're back hi what are you doing
it your feet in your mouth oh look at
you
hey what is that camera doing he's like
look at the camera like what are you
talking to that and I think he thinks is
me me he doesn't leave me in there
last thing I just need to clean is his
room it is one of those rooms that like
drives me crazy because I can't open his
window
we have been meaning to buy those shades
for him for like the past three weeks
yesterday we're like okay we're going to
Lowe's we're gonna buy the shades and
we're gonna at least put them up either
tomorrow or the next day and then we
didn't even end up buying them but I
just hate it because I can't like let
fresh air in or the light in or like
cool off the room easily when it's a
nice day and it's just very frustrating
you guys this is not good I am currently
volume with my phone and luckily I have
the space so I don't think it's a
problem I've never bought my phone
though so it does feel very strange but
I think my camera is broken I just
flogged a couple seconds ago and it just
like cut and turned off and said that my
battery was dead and I just changed it
it like literally won't turn on and now
it's turning on but I don't think that
it will stay on is it working we're
still blogging with my camera that is
good news
maybe it's okay I don't know I'm I'm
thinking it might be on its way out
because I mean this camera's been
through a lot and we kind of been
needing new cameras anyways but I think
it might be actually telling me it's
done all right we got this munchkin
dress he's wearing this cute little
anchor outfit and he looks adorable are
you ready for lunch
so he's been signing eat lately because
I've been saying eat a lot and like
water or oh there you go eat huh
I love the he knows sign language I just
like some I'm not like extremely
consistent I wish I was more consistent
than I am
but it is really really cool to see your
child be able to communicate with you
it's at such a young age just gave the
grill a good cleaning now I got to clean
inside but man we use this thing so much
you guys it was just like filthy this is
like our third propane tank to in three
months you guys but pretty excited
because I picked up a really really
nice-looking carne asada to grill
tonight and look at this guy hey hey you
I'm making pumpkin spice latte cupcakes
someone actually one of you guys sent me
this recipe and I watched the video and
I was like that looks delicious we
actually are having company over today
so I'm excited for them to try it it's
starting to get thicker that's so weird
wizardry is here your wizard all right
you guys check out all he's got a new
daddy you are the father
ha ha or not it's something going on
here
you're you're way cuter than me I kid
you not you guys I open the door and I
had Oliver stand there to greet Josh at
this is Josh be dumb and all Oliver
literally lifted his arms for all for
Josh Deepika I'm like oh that's great
he wants a stranger to pick him up
before I even shook your hand for the
first time I was holding a baby that is
true like I could be the weirdest person
on the planet
aside for my videos and look yes okay
dude you got to see what Missy's been
working on
check these out over here I told you
you're probably gonna have to hit the
gym I uh Oh what is this drizzle well
it's a little bit messy right now this
is for our inner white girl and I am you
you yes that's beautiful no Vera what
are they pumpkin spice latte cupcake
don't even do not eat really yeah they
don't have that at star but no they
don't
I didn't I did leave out the coffee part
so I wasn't sure how it would taste in a
cupcake John Chinaman so they are making
a complete mess to have like at least a
minimum of three of me yeah oh yeah I
don't want to be
be rude right you want one right look at
this kid chilling bro he seriously like
love you we're bros now bros for life
pound it you pound it give me high five
come on you know how I live come on man
he doesn't owe you go mad Dawg me like
that are you going here you go we are
getting ready to shoot some videos we
are in full video mode here
Missy's putting together up something
special so should be fun time and all he
seriously cannot get enough a dosh
because he doesn't do you just like
exude fatherhood I got I know I guess so
because he's eating it up I want kids so
bad
I really do can I have him oh oh oh how
about this romper don't you just wish
you had one of these in your size I do
have one how's it going over here
I have not looking but I will point the
camera to see what is going on I have no
idea I don't know if this camera you
know what it smells good
I'm gonna be honest baby it smells good
you're about to jump in the hole chicken
I've got Olly we just got really into me
yeah yes actually walk a little and get
in this cool we're gonna get in the
vendor pool uh can I just say I feel
awkward and that I did not come here
thinking that you and I Missy we're
going to get that intimate we just got
done filming a video and those will be
up on Friday so you guys will have to
check out his channel and my queue up to
Josh I'll have a link let's do that you
have to subscribe to me it's the right
thing to do it's a beautiful channel
with great content there you go if my
shorts go off you're welcome
yeah oh my god I think they landed on
top of each other you guys literally
over the water so all I had said no to
the pool he straight up was like that's
too cold so he is all in the hot tub and
that is it but yet then they actually
just clean out all the dates that fell
from down up there that was so cool
there an event like over 20 just sitting
at the bottom and Josh it shot some
things to do my god excuse me it's just
me my friend Brett playing in the pool
to attract having some fun it's not ripe
Ryan Tug come on bro let's go haven't
bought the wine hey hey where'd he go
what do you think of that no no I know I
know
hello all day how are you oh my god got
to be in your pool now boy I am your dad
I'm your dad okay you can you can have
to your dad's
Oh dad's yeah do you guys went white
right well that's like sister wives
but the other way can we join the mix
yes or no just me
we'll just be an extended family we're
so gonna get a show on Till's let's do
it you got carne asada how you like that
Oh got a good accent it looks so good
you got look yeah mate I was attempting
Hispanic can you say anything in Spanish
como esta muy bien
you answered your own question did I are
you doing what
it is good we are having a fiesta
that was probably offensive to like a
lot of people alright listen I saw a
Fiesta on a TV show once and someone
said I I shake cheese ijc okay you guys
I che see yeah we're having felis steak
turned out so good look at mrs. little
burrito Josh is Roy and it looks like
you do know how to play this game
because you beat me and Miss E so he was
just putting on a show a show someone
kept calling me grandma the whole time I
was playing well if you're just like I
don't know the tracks I played on like
30 years ago I'm on 60 super Nintendos
the best version get it he held a
gameboy before I Missy had a TS once
he owned us
I guess the classic taught me well is
he's not wearing pants I know we're in
pens what not going down there yeah just
- this is weird like sweat and I have no
fan son we had a great day hanging out
with Josh if you guys didn't see all he
reviewed the iPhone 6 over on baby
league so check that out there's a link
below in the description and there's
actually a pretty big giveaway on an
iPhone 6 video what kind of giveaway to
think of it giveaway the giveaway just
got done watching the first day of Macy
Jaynes is live on Bama check 11:01 it
was so good
she's so cute like she's so perfect
you're Pharrell on our way to Oregon we
should just swing by Alabama oh yeah
well just like swing Alabama is nowhere
near I'm gonna go ahead and today's vlog
all these sleep in I'm tired
give this video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and we'll see them I'll buy
so the heart comes off
that's a girlfriend oh my gosh we were
so excited for you I love it I couldn't
sleep and then all your pictures started
coming in in the morning I was just had
freaking out cuz I had no idea like it's
just weird how you never know you know
oh my gosh it was crazy weird
