today is a glorious glorious day do you
know why do you know why today is a
glorious day and I just give me some
oatmeal and nobody gets hurt okay you
got to stop drinking so I can feed you
do you like that oatmeal because your
face says no but you keep eating it
anyway yeah today is an amazing day
Jared and Ellie actually released their
video today announcing they are pregnant
and it was a surprise she found out in a
bathroom in Walmart and it was so
amazing he sent me that video last night
Missy and I were just watching it and
like bawling our eyes out because we're
just so happy for them
but hopefully we'll see each other soon
we are so excited for little Jackson to
have a sibling and you're gonna have
another baby friend a new baby friends
come in say hi baby friend I just
remember when they were telling us like
all those emotions that Missy and I felt
when we found out you know it's one of
those really cool moments in your life
that you never forget when you know you
find out that you're having another
little one like this I never forgot when
mommy told me she was having you because
at first she told me she wasn't having
you that's not nice is it like nope I'm
not pregnant
she showed me a not pregnant test and
then showed me the pregnancy test she
was a little trickster look at my next
top model' of a wife here what up babe
have you dried your eyes oh you been
crying we watched that video last night
and I saw him is he crying and she never
cries you never cry James was born okay
that's true
I'm sorry you can do it look how cute
this little baby is do the best swim
ever he did so good today at swim school
he was jumping in the pool and pushing
off the steps and she said he's like
this close to floating on his own that
would be a crazy thing to see he said
she's just barely holding on to his neck
like just with like her fingers but the
rest of himself he's keeping up with his
chest and his belly and stuff so that is
really really crazy could've bomb
because Brian was going to come today to
swim she hasn't been in a while but then
we remembered we had this bed coming and
so he couldn't really make it you're
such a good little swimmer and like
afterwards like tons of people were like
ask you look he's so cute how long's he
been in swim it was really really cool
look what I got
oli got your warm milk come on
Khan stays got the bed being put in come
on come on there you go
no no no no it's gonna get in their way
come on you made it there's your reward
you seriously
handsome totally awesome baby so you did
good at swim yes I just found you guys
you guys are Sydney
in the bed and brian was looking for the
camera everywhere before he left for his
hair appointment but he couldn't find it
so I had the Carribean unfortunately we
are one camera fogging fan vlogging
family today or at least for a little
while hopefully not for very long my bed
came really really excited I want to
show you guys it um but the bedspread I
don't think I'm gonna end up getting a
different one because it's just not what
I was looking for but here's the bed
what are you seeing
I love it don't you get on the bud don't
you put on the bun I love it I just
think it is so pretty it's exactly what
I was looking for I wanted something
that was just like really elegant
looking and really pretty looking the
fabric type um headboard and like the
sides are fabric and I'm very like soft
and cushiony and really pretty I love
the color of it - I am vlogging on my
phone right now and I hate it we are
down to one camera I think the new
camera comes in today but it wasn't
there when I left so I just got a
haircut I went full Mad Men this time
and it's like all slicked back and
classy and nice and I like it I like it
cuz I can style it like this and I can
also like style it up also I said also
twice haha yeah hopefully I when I get
home the new cameras erics I'm really
stoked to check it out I got the same
one that Ellie and Jared got just
because we've been talking back and
forth about what new cameras here
because they stopped selling the one
that we loved I think I was supposed to
get off there because traffic is crazy
hey I'm getting a ton of your made
intros in my Twitter today thank you
guys so much I'm gonna try and use one
every day this month how's that sound
I need more though so if you guys are
thinking about it or you have questions
about it you can talk to people in the
comments below B I just thought it'd be
cool for all the month of October if we
could do all viewer made intros until
the new intro is here so gosh my thought
okay I gotta hang up because I don't
know why I've gotta get my I have been
trying to get this kid to take a nap for
like an hour and he's being so good like
he's literally just sitting in his crib
playing with stuff but he won't go to
bed it's driving
crazy because we have stuff to do today
and I wanted him to take a nice nap
while Brian get this haircut - Frank
Samuel asleep
Olly it's time for night-night it's like
oh crap I should go to bed
Karma's waiting for Brian and only to
get back because they just went to go
check the mailbox to see if the new
camera came are they here
I die here yet he's so upset it okay we
are in the place that sucks your life
away and a job yeah you like that umm
yes we're in Hobby Lobby and we are
looking for little things to put in my
new room it's really fun to find things
that is pretty I do love that you don't
know yet we're going with like a more
Paris type theme so kind of like more
romantic yeah that's really like a
romantic nice comfy place to be I don't
know how to explain it but as you can
tell there's not like a lot of room and
you imagine like doing your hair in this
meter I don't think you're supposed to
do here
I've been in traffic for quite a while
now and Ollie it's getting really
relaxed you just relaxing chillin out
maxin relaxin all cool guys legs is like
propped up here we've been really
productive today though yep
I'm actually feeling quite carsick cuz
we've been in traffic I get no what if
you're pregnant too though what if the
Anneli could be pregnant together both
my surgery and I'm really excited
because it's coming up in a few weeks
I'll be getting my surgery done and that
means gaming anyway after that yeah is
that those my sex again I'm not very
sexy it was sexy good dumb I am so
excited for Ellie and Jared like when we
found out I was just like in shock like
I still and I cannot believe that she's
pregnant and I still can't believe that
we don't know how far along she is like
we
she could be anywhere from five weeks to
15 weeks we left you in the car good
chops I don't know why I'm speaking in
this British accent but I guess I really
just want to say cheerio cheerio
pick it up pick it up oh you can't do it
got a ton of cool stuff you guys okay
I'm in Perry I am getting dinner today
we're gonna do like a special something
I've never done before
ooh making pesto right here you guys
let's go is the best Oh pesto is the
best oh and hello what are you doing
like I will get into the fridge I will
but yeah new camera did not come today
I'm sad I am grilling some chicken and
in just a little bit garlic and oil and
I'm just making sure that this cooks all
the way through before I throw in my
shrimp
so my god ton of shrimp I just seasoned
it up with a little bit of like salt and
pepper and I'll throw that in there I
got my pesto sauce all made and I
honestly just grab one of these nor
pesto sauce mix other pesto sauces that
were like ready-made we're kind of
intimidating so I got this which seems
pretty easy smells really really good
and then I'm just gonna add a little bit
of this prego homestyle Alfredo all easy
in you're trying to eat mommy made you
some noodles and chicken but you're just
eating all the blueberries huh hey guys
mmm and I love this kid calling it Katie
Missy's like gushing over Maci gazes
girl and I was like oh why couldn't you
thank your mom
I finished look at it look at it doesn't
look good yeah it's you can't really
tell on the camera or under this light
really but it has a slight tint of green
it's green no getting really tell
anywhere yeah but I basically did that
whole jar of alfredo sauce all the pesto
got chickens chicken and shrimp in it
here we go
once God is good
how's the sauce soft no no this is so
good man yeah this tastes really similar
to what I had at California Pizza
Kitchen pay okay got a piece of shrimp
and a noodle blow on it
mmm good mm-hmm ah look I really got a
dinner
never has before it's exciting getting
new things
okay and ready three two one I'm
blogging this is okay I feel like I've
been tortured for days I am not good at
keeping secrets and you guys made me
keep secrets for like a long time days I
am so proud of you Brian you did so good
how did it feel to know well actually
not only know but did everyone know I
even told my parents Brian and Missy
were the first people we told as soon as
we found out we'd be faced I'm them your
life first alright we're done thanks
Sully who's awake right now who's the
wait Brian in this area
yeah we're always awake Ellie you're not
dock we've literally been talking about
you guys all day we are so excited I've
watched your video like three times
you're like you've cried every time
every single time it's an emotional
rollercoaster Missy you're frightened
Missy and I have been up working on the
guest room I'm not gonna show you
everything because Missy's actually
probably gonna do a really nice video
about guest rooms like explain like
paint colors and everything that I
bought in the in the up in this room
hopefully like later on this month I
have it on my calendar to do check out
the beds Friday
yeah a different one I like it and the
the rooms not like 100% done either we
still have lots of stuff we'll probably
beginning mmm Oh breaking in the belly
oh we're gonna go to sleep we're gonna
try this new thing where we go to bed
earth for midnight and then I really
want to get up in the morning and edit
the vlog and then wake up Allie and then
like go places and can all work done
early but anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog give it a thumbs up if you
didn't like it she knows she she does it
click that thumbs up button and we'll
see guys tomorrow bye
or will shut down automatically if I try
it again that's what it does
restart camera and this is all it does
now I will not like turn on Li roasted
piece pink camera
it's really sad I think this one is
complete listing is definitely done but
so
