oh you see that family kiss that was fun
baby
he's gonna do amazing things look how
cute this monkey is he's adorable today
I like heroin flipped it okay that's not
your toy give it back it's cool add its
do that hi MA oh thanks mom
I mama made this amazing toy that
basically contained a couple coins
inside of a Gatorade bottle and it's for
ollie Oliver loves it the snow does
karma combed over Oliver his hair today
and I'm did a little flip like so
adorable
like I don't look you just want more of
these huh
you're a dick at daizy's you go he just
started doing this thing where he I give
him the treat cuz he's like give me one
give me one give me one and then he
gives it to karma and then he throws
himself on the ground because he's upset
because karma ate his um snack it's not
all over your face baby
you know how Bryan has been literally
counting down the days until iphone6
well I've been doing the same but not
for the iPhone for today it is outlander
day
and I've been looking forward to this
episode since like pretty much since it
started or since they announced the show
I literally cannot wait any longer I am
so excited about it okay I'll give you
more what I did it a little bit early up
guys how's it going I am watching
calling Kate look at this this is what I
pause it on right here you guys this is
Colin and Katie unboxing their brand new
iPhones I'm so stoked for them cuz they
had the iPhone 4 that was like forever
ago and they upgraded to the six and it
was really really just cool seeing their
reactions and watching video
this thing is so slick oh man
I know some people in the comments were
like why would you get a new phone you
don't need to waste all that money and
but actually I sold my old phone for 400
bucks and mrs. sue we sold Missy's phone
for 200 bucks so we got 600 ollars for
our old phones and both these phones
were $2.99 so we actually spent $0 like
we've got paid for tags and like the
upgrade fees and stuff but pretty much
it was zero dollars to upgrade to the
new iPhone and I know a lot of people
don't really know about that or can't
really do it but I've done it every
single year which is why I always get
the new iPhone every year because I have
like a deadline on my account so I
always end up having like a phone to
upgrade each year which is kind of cool
because I always get the new one and
then Missy always just gets one every
two years when her trades available I
made the bed
but not really Missy would actually kill
me if she told me to make the bed and I
made it she is funny because as
uncoordinated and clumsy and messy as
Missy is she is very particular about
some things I'm gonna learn some things
oh hey karma how's it going baby boy hi
karma boy oh you could skip it
yuuji liquid hit next scratch would you
like a good neck scratches that feel
good whoever I got your armpit scratch
I'm dr. Horvath's dude aw come on with
you guys I don't even know but you
couldn't get an armpit quick in the
numbers could it every speck anybody's
got yeah yeah yeah and that's as low as
I'll go Oliver James what did you do now
you're eating them oh this is like dope
this is what he does now all day it's
get in the cupboard and dump stuff over
you can't get into things like this if
you want some snacks just tell me that
hey mama I want some snacks per this kid
I think I'm gonna have to put on put
like baby locks on here just because
it's just getting ridiculous I really
didn't want to have to because I I just
hate having to get into the covers I
have like do that I'm I just find it
really annoying dude you guys you almost
give yet
all right guys Missy and I are going out
on a little date we gotta say goodbye to
ollie yeah he's gonna man the house
alone like home alone yeah oh yeah
Karma's here are you guys gonna be
around to watch him I mean if it's
convenient oh you see that family kid
that was killed
yes let's piss him off for your parents
uh yeah see in the morning actually oh
yeah I should probably give you a big
hug to all in love you know he's so good
at throwing a temper tantrum yeah good
luck so we didn't really plan this well
we have like about an hour into our
movie that way is full people are
waiting outside of Red Robin we're gonna
have to cut a panic spread that's okay
it's okay we don't know what movie are
we gonna see Missy see
unbelieving kristen wiig that one this
is where I leave you
are you sure because we can see the Maze
Runner now you want to see it Maze
Runner looks cool too Elsie right back
they're both around the same time so I
guess we'll figure what we need food
because I am starving
Missy can't even you guys right can you
even right now she can't even I don't
know why I decide I agree
yeah we're having a day at the same time
the new Outlanders on and it's the
wedding episode and this is for you
hoping there you are
i lender keeps updating on twitter like
what's going on they just showed her
breasts we're gonna eat dinner which we
got we got a place okay missus stop and
stop
Missy's fangirling so hard right now we
got penne and pesto sauce she got
ravioli which she loves yeah just got
out of the movie and to be completely
honest all I kept thinking about was
Outlander sharing food it's like getting
these updates on like Twitter and I was
like dying missing stavos gonna watch it
tonight I don't know yeah it's like on
your own terms evening I know though
just and that's what I was thinking I
was like look I can watch the show
anytime it's got it's on my DVR you know
but
I like really really want to watch I've
been waiting all week for it and so
anyways the movie was good which is kind
of thing yeah comedy and I liked it no I
liked it it just I said when I kind of
get tired of it I'm like okay can this
be like done now like I don't wanna do
this anymore
not to mention they show like 10
trailers now before movies yeah what the
heck's up with that go home we got like
some popcorn
we're gonna watch out let's get a lot
better I'm already watched Outlander and
I'm really mad because I'm supposed to
watch before her and everyone in the
world has seen a before me and I do this
perfectly to watch all of her so she
watch Outlander and art yeah look what
fine light happen you good I got pop
secret jumbo kernels in my new popcorn
machine got this little butter thing up
here I mainly use just a little bit of
butter to get it all moist because I
love powdered butter is that a weird
thing is that a weird thing I don't know
but let's run this thing for the first
time you're ready
all right guys we got these pumpkin
spice M&Ms the other day try one tastes
like a regular minim really can you
taste the Tommy sighs yeah you know yeah
it's got a hint of pumpkin spice no look
at all these this is our snack setup for
a lender you guys we got popcorn you got
peanut M&Ms pumpkin spice M&Ms and gummy
worms
I love our robot are you excited yeah
Outlander Outlander wedding she can't
even you guys but anyway I'm gonna go to
end today she's coming up and down cuz
she's really excited to watch the
Outlander so we'll let you guys go
thanks for watching give the vlog a
thumbs up and we'll see you tomorrow bye
what do you think it's like a mini iPad
anyway is it too big for ollie though is
it too big for you watching videos on
this thing with the audrina
No
let's watch the trailer even this is big
you know totally oh just a new reach
ability thing like open up messages
double tap the home button see so then
you can reach your thumb up to start a
new message oh yeah so you don't have to
reach or fumble with it you know say
who's on the phone who is it she already
dropped it in it whether they went
swinging alright you guys we are finally
leaving this kid is dunzo
oh and he's gonna go buy some makeup
apparently but we have our iPhones
