I don't know what karma would do he got
close enough to a duck but I don't want
to know he got close enough he would get
scared and son baby boy he's gonna do
amazing things
good morning we started a really late
morning because all he slept till like
11:00 and I woke up at like 10:30 and I
was like wait what's going on wait what
time is it why is it only a week he
literally slept till 11:00 but actually
my mom's already over here because she
was in around here yeah it doesn't say
we I made my pumpkin bread I've got
three loaves and as you can tell the
slope is getting a little bit small but
I just gave Ollie some pumpkin bread
Ollie are you enjoying your pumpkin what
what was that Oliver karma said he
really liked it huh do you see that he
like was like a stuff again for karma
there's parthas yeah yeah obviously he's
enjoying my pumpkin bread
my mom's enjoying the pumpkin red is it
good it seems a little bit spicier
does it seem spicier view like I put
maybe a little bit too much allspice in
it but that's just me no push your back
hey you stink are ya me too
I guess my bar dawn he feels so bad like
oh crap I did it
did he do hey guys alright karma needs
his daily exercise you want to go
swimming
alright you got no colouring right go
yeah look at you Holly loves or Holly
karma loves swimming in the pool I
seriously have been calling karma oli
and oli karma all day it's driving me
crazy I'm gonna change your name to
ollie okay you guys can both just be
ollie
this is dangerous walking around the
pool with socks on
okay hopefully I don't fall here we go
come on look good I got you on it go get
that Paul is still stuck in the
waterfall oh my gosh look at that
alright Karma you got any soup I'm
trying to tell y'all this huge loss here
dang it not my socks are all wet I hate
that wet socks that's my father's I
don't worn socks by the pool I hate wet
socks that's a huge pet peeve of mine
all he's making up for me yeah I hear a
tinker-stinker bottom in here come for
me did you have a nice nap you slept all
morning and then you slept great for a
nap so that's good and look at this I
could actually open these out of him how
I say these are so tight on this bar
open it up then light it's a morning
time huh not quite morning time huh oh
yeah hey all right
come on let's go play go play not in
here you want to check out my room check
it out you guys I am almost done with
everything I even got everything cleaned
up I get to basically just start finding
decorations and furniture and stuff like
that which I'm really excited about I'm
hoping it can go down in order with the
bed today cuz the reason I'm kind of
like trying to get it done as quick as
possible
is where you're actually leaving for
Organ next week and we're leaving Oliver
crazy right my mom and dad are going to
be staying here watching him and I
thought if they could have like their
own little room in here all set up and
ready and so I want to get it done as
soon as possible so that they feel
comfortable in here are you excited
he has no idea he has no idea I'm not
sure how I'm going to be but I think
he'll I think he'll be good I'm a little
bit more worried about like my own
emotions it should be weird but we will
see
comes are you ready you find all the
stuff that I didn't pick up thank you
all he's like much karma much what are
you doing boy too funny
we attach the leash to his steering well
and while he's trying to get cereal
peeps on the bed let me see that I got
you some right here buddy how you put me
our minds pulling oli and we're going on
a walk karma you're like a sled dog
pretty cool huh
we made it and look at you running after
the Ducks already looking he's got
cereal stuck to his bottoms karma wants
to run around but unfortunately this is
a leash on Park but he'll still get some
exercise close enough to a duck but I
don't want to know he would get scared
and then be like okay maybe look at her
son he's like wobbling over there there
Credit Karma
Oliver come over here baby
Ollie over here
guys gotta get ready to play karma are
they all eating your cereal he's like
mom stop getting that stuff out what's
my treat that's what happens when karma
gets too close to a duck he okay buddy
it's okay it's okay I kind of think that
that car's like oh those things it was
they were very very close
they were like touching Olli now they
will keep their distance you taught them
a lesson karma thank you thank you for
protecting us from those very ravenous
Ducks are you okay you're okay buddy he
wants ten all right so we are on our way
home and Missy has improvised with
caring karma good boy so he sits in
there and here we go that's genius babe
okay I don't know if you guys remember
but yesterday Brian told everyone to
send videos for the look who's vlogging
with it using the hashtag all advice and
so I was kind of flipping through them
which thank you guys for all of your
awesome questions we have like over 200
the funny thing is is I've been letting
oli watch them and it's the cutest thing
ever so want to watch them hi ollie hi
I just got one question what time do you
usually go to thanks always days and so
what time do you go to bed I hope you
can ask my question and you like these
they all say hi always so he thinks
they're like the coolest thing ever
he was giving like some people like
kisses cuz you they would say his name
so I was like hi olli my neighbor's
trying to and I don't know what to get
him for his birthday he finally got the
plane tickets for our flight next week
to my friend
Kelsey's wedding which is I which I'm
really excited about it's an organ and
I'm like I was saying earlier we are
leaving Oliver so that is going to be
trip without him I know I'm he's he's
officially 14 months and we're
completely weaned and so I feel like
it's okay and I really feel confident my
mom and dad will be able to handle
everything perfectly but it's gonna be
really weird like emotionally for us to
like be away from Oliver living spaces
late-night grocery shopping we're
actually not grocery shopping we're just
kind of grabbing a milk from here but we
got dog food and laundry detergent and
just like things that we couldn't really
get at Winco um and we ordered my bag
which I'm really happy because that will
come on
so excited things are like really coming
together and yes he's holding a gallon
of milk why why Brian he really wanted
the milk he was pulling over into the
basket yeah so he put it on his lap okay
okay here you want it really he really
really wants it so there you go we are
getting this little munchkin to bed yay
I'm getting him to bed and I'm not
nursing him so me and he ever actually
oh thank you ollie
he loves to turn off this light reason
I'm telling you this is because I
actually have a video on my channel
right now you guys want to see how I
actually leaned Oliver you can click the
link in the description and watch my
video is I talk all about some tips and
tricks and what I did to wean Oliver if
you guys enjoyed today's vlog give it a
thumbs up thank you guys so much for
watching and supporting us your guys
support means everything to us and I
totally appreciate you guys so thanks
for sticking around and we will see you
guys tomorrow
okay barn I in there where are you he
loves taking showers I don't like it so
much because I can't really see him and
I can't really like see what he's doing
but he thinks the funnest thing ever
it's time for lunch
