I brought pizza into the bed that's
amazing and just like in that comedy
neighbors starring Seth Rogen and Zac
Efron that comes out on September 23rd
that movie was hilarious especially when
he sits in his office chair and it gets
catapulted up to the ceiling cause the
guys are ranch dipping sauce mm I love
dipping sauce
I guess the blue it has a
never-before-seen opening alternate
scene and I guess you can check it out
on their YouTube right now no way so if
you want to watch it you should probably
click the annotation right here or the
link below in the description huh they
should definitely click the link to see
what's new on the DVD wait who's they
this is our son baby
that boy is going to do amazing things
good morning boys how's it going hey
Carm good morning good morning oli he's
got a ninja this morning I take it what
are you eating orange pieces Oh be
giving them to karma he ate an entire
waffle and a ton of orange you guys I
was awesome ooh there you go good job
Ian breakfast buddy you guys check this
out
Missy now has over a hundred thousand
subscribers on her channel how cool is
that we now have two channels on YouTube
over a hundred thousand that is amazing
if you guys are not subscribed to Macy's
channel then you guys definitely should
all have a link below in the description
but holy cow I am so proud of her your
mommy got over 100,000 subs buddy
he's like peace I'm gonna watch doc
mcstuffins I think that's quite an
achievement Missy hitting a hundred
thousand subs on her Channel so
therefore I'm gonna make her some
breakfast in bed I got gravy and I got
biscuits oh yeah
biscuits and gravy and she loves
biscuits in gravy
who doesn't love biscuits in gravy we
talk about all the time on this channel
it's just amazing
come on buddy got the food sleep you
come on
good morning Karma's giving good morning
kisses always Holly and I wanted to say
congratulations on hitting a hundred
thousand subscribers so we brought you
some breakfast and bread some breakfast
and bread is there anything you want to
say to momma
Holly is there anything you want to say
to momma
congratulations good job I'm so proud of
you nothing you say AHA and I called
over a hundred thousand subscribers
craziness it's craziness I want you now
we have two channels over 100 thousand
subscribers I guess that's all YouTube
things kind of work out for us huh we
did that and like it's so quickly to
everything I know you know a long time
bless you actually it's almost been
exactly two years since I started huh
mom's view was one year for Missy's
channel that was her one year when she
was on the moms with you that was like
October yeah
so that's coming up she did in less than
two years still it's awesome babe come
over here come hang out with us forget
Mama's I barely see you this morning
come here hey guy my guess he's coming
over today morning guys
I had such an amazing morning I got woke
up with breakfast found out I have a
hundred thousand subscribers a hundred
thousand I don't even think that you can
honestly really imagine a hundred
thousand subscribers or people that have
subscribed but it's pretty stinking cool
it's kind of like one of those mile
markers and it's neat that we are able
to do it in two years I don't know it's
just it's awesome I'm really excited
speaking of YouTube but of course we
have stuff to film we actually tried to
film something yesterday and Oliver was
just not having it because it basically
needed both mine
and Brian's attention and albergue
wasn't really a part of it and he was
not having it so I'm bringing my mom and
sister over to watch him while we film
something upstairs check it out it is a
hundred and two degrees do you see the
pool do you see it it's raining or like
sprinkling a little cloud above us
isn't that cool I love summer rain I
think it's the coolest thing it's 102
degrees out here right now
and it's raining so that's pretty cool
could that tale be any happier right now
I heard that you can sometimes tell like
their excitement from the way their tail
tail is going so if it's like back and
forth Oh Oh someone's here or like round
and round someone there who zero zero Z
it's like way back the door I found here
I think I told him that Cassie is coming
so I think you guys disappoint you
oh it's like full-on raining now it is
literally a hundred degrees out and
raining yeah these are thick big fat
drops okay I'm excited I think it's cool
whoo you hear that guys something just
rolled in look at now it's like cloudy
completely
and it is loud and very very windy
that's crazy thank you yeah what's going
on buddy it's so scary
sorry it's like warm yeah it's really
warm it feels like I'd like a tropical
storm yeah it does well what's all these
palm trees blowing around where he's
gonna be a mess you know you just gotta
clean oh actually look at us not worry
about the drip oh yeah yeah okay sighs
my my camera aha hey guys
I lost ya we have been doing so much
today we got so much work done and now
we're headed out and I almost lost you
guys but seriously I always have a
little panic when I can't find my
vlogging camera hey Ally where are we
going where we headed headed to Petco
we're gonna get another beta yeah we're
gonna another one were to put in the
same tank doing that getting some
different fish shoes I don't think
because the fish likes the fish moving
out of there oh I do want to get one of
these so that we can like skim the top
of the thing I don't know do I show you
my shirt this is my slyfox threads shirt
it says mom life and it's actually
really soft really comfortable and I
pretty much love it look really good it
was a rock plant and it has like a
little well did he say long I haven't
read yet but he's gonna be really good
for the beta really oxygenating yeah so
yeah we got this we got this and we got
some new food so hopefully he likes it
look where we are you guys it's the fall
ah what do you got in your hands okay
a beat-up candy candy corn all those
cool Halloween's the this all baking
stuff there's not like the Halloween
decorations okay we just had a kid run
off like whatever Lucchese boss so we
got some pumpkins got some tombstones
got some ghosts got some skeletons you
guys we just learned there's an actual
real skeleton skull on the Pirates of
the Caribbean ride we're at Disneyland
yeah we're gonna find it yeah don't real
human school look at him trying to hit
on you okay that's just mean no I see I
can handle like dead humans not dead
animals yeah you guys it's like our cat
died okay that's gross I like this one
whoa
Missy we need to figure out what we're
gonna be if we don't figure this out all
the good costumes are gonna be gone it's
gonna be in the same position we were
last year I know look at this
in Turkey Ryder M&M we see you like M&Ms
oh can we be sumo people maybe
Flintstones and he can be baby bamm-bamm
and we can be nice but it does get
chilly and I feel like he'd be cold in a
background but also we're not gonna be
going out at night with him so maybe do
we get during the day you know boo Missy
you could be a devil cuz they're so
matter right what do you guys think we
should be for Halloween let us know in
the comments below cuz we could
definitely use some suggestions what is
that you want one of those apparently
what is that um light it's like a low
pillow pet yeah hey it's so cute you
want that one
what's that bring it here buddy bringing
here ollie
don't eat me did he
there goes the fake one
how's that chica like that yeah that
looks good oh we got you planned aren't
you happy do you love it
he doesn't seem amused he does like his
leaf though he's been uh like sitting on
it yeah
really cute hey guy hey buddy so yeah we
got on this really cool plant
it's like attached to a rock he can like
swim to the top and breathe but the
plant will put oxygen into the water so
he can use his gills and he can breathe
that way also
okay let's see he's sniffing it oh and
he swam past it it's behind you it's
it's the other way fishy over here
hashtag come over here hashtag come get
your food Oh almost
he'll eat when he's ready new hashtag is
iPhone 6 cuz I'm excited got just a
couple more days you guys and all the
reviews came out everyone's saying they
love it so I really hope Missy and I
really liked the new iPhone but that's
it for today's vlog hope you guys
enjoyed it be sure to go watch Missy's
new video she put up on her channel it
was actually a hilarious ask Missy so
you don't want to miss it Congrats again
babe on hitting 100,000 subscribers and
you could do it you're amazing if you
aren't subscribed to her Channel cool
subscribe thank you guys for watching
today's video give it a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and we'll see you tomorrow
bye yawn
color me blue
you see that you want to try
