at least you're not eating it it's a
good sign we're getting somewhere this
is I'm dating this is a boy he's gonna
do amazing things
good morning guys I am on a hunt for
flies ooh see one it's right there you
see him Carolee killin I'll pause hole
right into the fish tank um but yeah I
started my morning off hunting but all
he's done for is not right now and this
is what I get to look at I don't I just
I get to just hear him it's so
frustrating it's just the worst is a
beautiful Monday morning Karma's out
spending some time outside why is there
shirt out there and burns hat that is
really weird starting our week off
getting stuff done chores done we got
some filmin to do today had such a great
weekend with my mom and dad and my
family just hanging out barbecuing and
eating then so so nice good morning you
guys from sunny Southern California it
is stinking beautiful today and good
golly Miss Molly ooh hang on hang on our
steering or do I need here we go here we
go whoo you guys remember that
commercial I don't remember what it was
for but like the lady is driving and she
looks over at this other person and
they're like I'm driving with my knee my
mom and I always make that joke because
we drove with our knees a lot like
especially in our old town where were
from the speed limits like 20 miles an
hour so sometimes if we were doing
something we literally just drive with
our knee it's an old town thing maybe I
don't know but holy cow it's hot already
it's 95 degrees out already and it's not
even noon ooh guys that's crazy last
night it
not cool down we actually went over to
the ice-cream place it was like seven or
eight o'clock at night it was pitch
black out and it was still 95 degrees do
you know what that feels like for it to
be pitch black and freakin hot I felt
like the heater was on Southern
California I guess is going through this
big heatwave right now so everyone's
having trouble adjusting and sleeping at
night I have to say it's nice that we do
have air-conditioning
so for the most part we get to just hang
out in 76 degree weather been a little
crazy for us wait where am I
am I in the right spot I am NOT in the
wrong spot ladies and gentlemen that is
not a surprise and along with chores
comes laundry oh I swear laundry has
been like killing me these past couple
weeks I've just been like doing a lot of
laundry but then not folding it and so
we've got like tons of clean clothes and
then I just have piles of clean clothes
sitting in the laundry room that need to
be folded so it's been pretty bad but
actually now we have a lot of dirty
clothes and a lot of clean clothes that
I have to fold and wash so now I'm just
put setting myself up for some major
failure but I'm gonna fold these I'm
gonna get it done I'm gonna do laundry
and have it all done on Monday and then
I won't have to worry about all week
that's the plan at least tell me if you
guys do this team listen I do this all
the time but when you can do you turn
out a place and you have to turn in like
this is a residential area
I'm always turn in I'm like oh I'll clap
me the wrong turn guess I'll just go out
turn back around I don't even know if
you understood what just happened but
this need I do that all the time
goodnight touch ok there you you can't
touch my my light maybe light light
light light light bulb Oh
light bulb how do you touch my life hole
yeah alright I'm watching calcium if you
do the whisper challenge it is the
funniest thing in the world you guys
Mimi's watching Olly
hey honey buddy you having fun with me
me is he listening to this we just got
done filming that video with my sister
and we like laughed a lot doing that
video is so funny and I think I said a
bad word but I can't quite remember
I'm not SAS Brian I don't even know if
all included cuz I think you think I was
kind of a naughty word huh what you
don't know that naughty word though ha
ha ha so today we need to go grocery
shopping oh my gosh we have like no food
in this house and it's pretty stinkin
bad Cartman do you want to go outside
yeah we wants to go out sigh when we
start vlogging I feel like every time I
start vlogging you guys see me put him
outside all right hey you get have a
nice nap did you have a nice knee up
he's been doing so good during his naps
at bedtime
been awesome we are getting ready to go
grocery shopping
Missy asked me to grab her hipster so
she can carry around Ali come on I gotta
set the bomb okay I gotta set the bomb
Karma
you know what that means oh oh oh
exit now right now how soon how long do
I have high plenty of time but still
I wonder if that freaks out karma when
we do that bike arm we'll get you some
fun stuff it's so hot like my eyeballs
are going to pop right now it's like
really terribly hot like a hundred and
eight I feel like I'm trying to swim
through this air it's so hot and stuffy
I feel like he's gonna be a tomato
before we even get in the store right
now getting into anywhere cuz we've had
to go to like to the bank it's not like
that and walking into those places is
just like not it's like the more fun
thing ever like the worst accumulated
minute of my life but look at these
curls
they're like the most perfect curls ever
so adorable his hair is actually flatter
than usual because I brushed it a ton
before bed so he slept on it and it was
just so cute the way the curls
got cute hairs I don't day dorable okay
like the perfect is my little sidekick I
know he's wearing a Sly Fox good shirt
guys little psychic so cute yeah we are
shopping Valentine's groceries getting
our meals planned out so we don't have
to eat out as much and ya know I don't
like anyone not really a big burger fan
I like steak not really burgers do you
like burgers yeah yeah Brian our part
says it's on hundred and sixteen are you
serious no it really says liner 13 oh my
gosh I feel it 116 degrees
Holkar it's not a hundred and sixteen
right the honor is six but it kind of
spectacular could die but we're lit
we're sitting under the shade like this
building is covering us right now and it
says 116 that is weird but I don't think
it's 116 I think that it it says on my
phone
106 and I believe that I tried outside
Ollie got this a really cute coloring
book from Carol and it's so cute because
it like has everything already
well color it in um except for this one
it says color me purple and it's a
spider and I kind of like it's like
simple pictures with like just one thing
for them to color I just thought it was
so cute so I'm gonna see a field I don't
think he's gonna call her yet but if I
show him maybe you will he's been such a
copycat copycat railey huh and then he
also got this really cute book down in
the woods at sleepy time and it's got
such cute pictures like it's just really
cool artwork and three and I love it so
thank you Carol I also got a little
binky hair with thumbs up
super cute it's for the next baby
whenever that is to come
can you say thank you who's this one
from this one's from Lauren so Thank You
Lauren see what he thinks of the
coloring book alright let's start right
here
alright it says color me blue crayon
color me blue do you see that do you
want to try
can you try ready oh yeah you like I
don't know what you're doing
mmm careful you're the worst at this
well there's Oliver's drawing nice nice
one dude least you're not eating it it's
a good sign we're getting somewhere
uh yeah Ollie look who it is who is that
yeah did he just do that yeah Helen mwah
hey it's uncle Jared and auntie Ellie
look at that Bennett I made some yummy
chicken strips and some mashed potatoes
oli you have not eaten hardly nothing
are you gonna eat brah it's kind of
engineering is there yeah like I had a
piece of leftover pizza and I was just
like snacking on it and he ended up
coming to me he took a couple bites and
then he have taken the whole thing
Mama's gonna share some of her food with
you okay buddy maybe you'll like it hmm
what did I mess them up oh my gosh I
gotta say this high chair is a huge help
huh oh my gosh
it's literally like the perfect height
for us and it's just nice you can't kick
it off totally I am so thankful for this
kids lost if you guys I know the last I
checked I had a thing like this but it
was broken like on the sides when we
bought it so he would literally just
throw all his food and the tray on the
ground all the time I just want to say I
would never recommend that chair like it
is literally the worst from the day and
I like feeling he'll be in the middle of
dinner and push it off his food
everywhere yeah almost every dinner
on the floor but now this one it like
locks super good so he there he's not
getting that off
I need a hashtag you guys look at my
wall it seems so bare I think I'm like
cool iPhone six drawing but anyway we
need a new hashtag you guys let me know
in the comments what you think the new
hashtag should be and I'm gonna choose
one of them and throw it up on the wall
on the chalkboard whoa but I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video if you
haven't seen Oliver did a video on the
baby League Channel his top three
favorite Disneyland rides so go check it
out and leave in the comments below what
your favorite dudes and and write is
think yours for watching give this video
a thumbs up and we'll see you tomorrow
bye wild at heart and this is for always
a twelvemonth shirt
this one's daddy's little sidekick and
Scott these little things everything is
awesome yeah she said I heard you guys
have something to do with everything is
awesome on your channel yeah so now he
actually has a book and if it sums up I
know
hey which is what you should be doing to
this video
