look at this cute stuffed animal Ollie
let's press right here this is our son
baby
the boy is gonna do amazing things
ah good whining look at their hair you
got this morning hair to get his outfit
he's wearing this cute little tank top
kind of probably too small for him but I
don't really care it's pretty cute me
and Ollie are actually off to swim we
are gonna actually miss last week so
hopefully he does good today you didn't
forget all your stuff right you still
remember how to swim all right let's
head out so we're not late what are you
looking at oh there's karma
that's good I know this aggression yeah
or if you
another day another day at the office
can't complain mom was pretty pretty
sweet office I think so I just edited
the funniest video that Maci did with
Josh when he was hanging out with us you
always have to go watch this I'll have a
link below in the description and he
just sent me the video on his channel
which is hilarious too so I'll also put
that in the description so go watch
those two videos either pause this and
go do it or when you're done watching
this go watch those videos because they
are so funny and they turned out so well
you guys have to see this thumbnail look
at that so funny but anyway all he had
swim this morning and he always gets so
tuckered out tuckered out I feel like
that's the saying that people don't say
anymore tuckered out lysing tired so I'm
gonna go get the little guy he's pretty
much my most favorite of all time in the
history of ever
just saying that just came to me I don't
know how baby boy is they're a cute baby
boy in here hey kiddo ho I love your
shirt look at you being all hip mm-hmm
what's on this one did you do the
breaststroke did you do the butterfly
stroke did you go underwater going cuz
this can go you all right get changed
go on go get changed
go get changed oh oh oh it's closing
outside he's like no that is not
happening dad you are not pranking me
today you want to read you don't want to
read you liar I'm gonna pick a book this
one what daddy bear loves he just woke
up and he's full of energy and he's
exploring well hey there buddy hey whoa
hey guys - been working on videos like
for two days straight now I swear and I
decided I wanted to get out of the house
look at this cute stuffed animal Olly
let's press right here that weird I'm
dying
thank you watch this watch this here and
now at the mall and I am actually right
now basically shopping for my friend in
Texas we decided to do a box swap on our
channels and so I'm just basically gonna
go look for things that I can put in the
box for her and I'm really excited about
it because it's kind of it's like really
fun to shop for someone else and like
put this box together that's gonna be
like a big like fun little surprise and
so I'm excited I'm trying just throw
this way he's been sitting in my car for
way too long
what are you kidding me right now with
the size of this bag look at it
cute that's like so weird a little
something from Sephora and actually my
shopping trip has gone amazing I think
everything that I wanted just need to
get one more thing but I don't think I'm
gonna get it from here I even got ollie
a smoothie but I put it in his cup and
he cannot drink out of it he has been
trying to suck it and he just can't
banana is a mango they already know your
tricks mom looked at scape uh okay what
is it why is it doing that a little
caterpillar I don't know I I feel like
he needs to go back away I know what the
other one was a good it's long so like
daring hurt me I don't want to go over
there I wanted to go to the dirt but I
really don't want to touch him
tiny go-go-go oh no fast a lot of people
just crowded around the caterpillar they
stopped taking a picture of it you know
like what are you taking a picture oh
it's just a bug
we're kind of embarrassing but it was so
cute oh I owe big hugs mom hey buddy I
haven't seen this kid hardly all day I
woke him up and then mommy stole you and
you had so much fun with mommy and I had
to stay here and work but now I'm all
done and now I get to play with him
where you going with that where you
going with that Oh - all he's been
getting in his Cozy Coupe a lot this
little car and so I'm gonna take this
bottom out now look your feet almost
touch the ground you're like a little
Flinstone buddy you don't know who that
is but that's okay whoa
daredevil bro come on all right I want
to play with on set
oh is that what he wants oh my gosh is
this gonna be one of those things where
we're like let's burn it
let's rip its head off this might be a
disaster but I am totally have been
itching
I know his shirt keeps riding out
because it's too small so cute
I've been itching to get out of the
house cuz I've been literally sitting
for like eight hours working we're going
into Applebee's and we're gonna grab
some DEET Ali's got his girlfriend
Minnie and she was saying that you can
hang out with Mickey alone but not
Minnie alone and I don't think that's
true that's sexist crying she's being
disney sexist right now ah boobies look
so different doesn't it Missy
there was a 20 bun
and we're here they sat us right away
Holly's got the whole you have this
whole thing to yourself
he keeps floating on the girls over next
to us hi what are you doing
take my picture you can block me try it
on my mommy salad he doesn't like salad
look you guys this tree dropped a little
flower on the car
Missy loves when I do this hair babe
pretty flower for the pretty lady yes
you're welcome you're literally oh you
like Angela in office when he gets her
flowers she's like what am I supposed to
do with this exactly how I feel sort of
thinking it's so pretty though smell it
it smells good too mmm thank you
the how this kid is sleeping right now
he's got the entire width of the crib
yeah he choose to laze like that he's so
cute you guys I miss him when he goes to
sleep I just miss him but tomorrow's my
morning right yeah tomorrow's my morning
so I get to hang out with him in the
morning
and making breakfast and all that jazz
but yeah I'm gonna go in end today's
vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it be sure
you go check out the videos in the
description they were hilarious you just
loved hanging out with Josh that day and
doing some fun video so go check that
out
give this vlog a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye whoa Oh put that in the
time of its life yeah you can get a good
look at his outfit he's got a gravy neck
it looks so cute it looks junky oh you
got a green bean icon and some cute
little sort like pants jeans pants you
see that booty I feel like I need to put
him in
