we are gonna get all these very first
pet are you excited we are at Petco what
kind of pet should we get babe should we
get a kitty
this is our Sunday me
my new amazing things hey guys so it is
Friday September 12
it is now 1:00 a.m. I am still up this
is technically Friday so good morning
you guys are watching this plane early
it's Saturday
I'm so tired you guys this is basically
my life right now
I've got the iPhone app the iPad app and
a laptop I'm trying to get myself a
iPhone 6 plus 64 gigabytes and I keep
getting currently unavailable same thing
on the iPad I didn't think a lot of
people would be buying the iPhone 6
pluses but apparently they're super
popular basically I got my C's phone so
that's cool we can pick that up on the
day of anyway it's late so try and get
things done so transition to morning
time hey guys how's it going so I'm
totally not trying to toot my own horn
today look at my hair today you guys
look at it look at it it is just hair
game on strong right look at that look
at that look at that look at that look
at that I don't know what happened I
explode right it looked perfect so I
reached it with this stuff is not
getting any better than that I think I
hear Ollie in the monitor which by the
way I might add you guys is pretty
stinkin convenient it's got this
handy-dandy pocket clip how cool do I
look right now
be honest on a scale of 1 to 10 how cool
do I look it's dark let there be light
Prince Ollie fabulous here Ali Ababwa I
think it should be more like bin Saleh
fabulous he Allah Delhi bombs right what
do you think of that look at his hair
you've got a mommy hair stuck in your
hair don't you little already in Prince
yah
oops who poops way too much I've already
changed to poopy diapers today what is
going on with the world good afternoon
guys it is a beautiful Friday afternoon
and I'm actually headed out
get us some lunch because we've been
going out to lunch a lot this past week
we have been really terrible at grocery
shopping and buying the things that we
need so we don't have to go out to lunch
you're going back to Jersey Mike's as
usual this is like our place we seem to
go here all the time now I'm gonna get
us some lunch you guys see that I think
that is a fire Oh
saw that on the way in when I was
driving here and I was like I like a
fire and then I just heard the fire
trucks going I think it is so hopefully
it's not too bad it looks like everyone
and our mother decided to go to Jersey
Mike's for lunch today because it was
pretty much super packed and super busy
and I left my phone in the car on
accident so I was like well hopefully
Ryan doesn't need anything else except
for lunch which I got so we're good to
go and I'm headed back home I look at
this what's that I'm hiding little
treats for him he really likes Apple
Jacks
I've been scattering just a couple
around the living room to get him to
walk around and grab them all I look
over here come here
okay there's one right here - I think
there's just a fun little exercise can
you grab it
look it's like YUM yeah I'll take that
oh yeah funny story I actually found
this box it's a big box we have to put
it on its side and so it was it was in
here like this and it was all closed and
stuff but he had opened it and undid the
cardboard undid the plastic and had like
a little pile there and he was just
sitting there eating Apple Jacks your
little smartypants aren't you look where
I'm at again and I even have a buddy
this time huh they totally messed up our
sandwiches they put like different kind
of meat on it and I just wasn't paying
attention I guess so I have to go back
in and reorder or we have been a mess
today you agree
okay first of all I had to go down to
the food place twice sick of all we had
to refill my asked video because we did
it outside and it was really terrible
you could not hear in that when you do
an entire video and you like are so
happy with it and then you go to edit
and it's crap you have to refill and
it's same thing having to Brian he
filmed something and then he had to
react like redo the entire thing
I'm just saying Brian we've been kind of
a mess today it is for me to run we're
not complaining I don't really think
we're complaining I just AM saying like
it is a I sat down I filmed a whole
video I said a lot of really funny
things and maybe you would have laughed
at them but you couldn't hear me so you
were in the block you would have just
been really annoyed so I had to refill
the entire thing I probably didn't say
the same funny things
long story short Ollie has no clothes on
that was the end of that story and he's
writing his draft hi well I don't know
if I actually updated you guys on what
iPhone I am getting last night um I left
you guys we got Missy's iPhone ordered
and I'll still work on mine
well the phone that I wanted kept
becoming it was like unavailable and
then it was available and then I was
unavailable and then I was available but
every but every time every time that it
was available it couldn't connect to
Verizon to approve the purchase because
I has to go through Verizon because
that's how you get like the special
pricing whatever and I was so annoyed
because obviously Verizon's website was
down because it was also being hammered
it wasn't able to do that and by the
time everything sort of slowed down all
those were gone so I went ended up going
with the iPhone 6 black 64 gigabyte I
want to get the plus so I could play
with a little bit and see if it would
actually work now I guess I just have to
basically see that in the Apple store
when I see it in person so I'll have
this phone I'll be able to play around
the plus in the store and if I like it
Apple is really cool and you can return
it within 14 days and get a new one so
think that's the current plan but we're
both getting iPhones on day one and we
don't the stand in line all we have to
do is go and pick it up
no you don't have to wait for FedEx
Missy that looks cozy this big old robe
it's got sheep on it I like it to go in
through the winter
I'd be a little hot still huh it was 104
today all you test him that out ooh you
like that he wants you to get one please
let's not do that
it stings when I wore a robe when I
nurse him cuz you like grabbin Oh
Rickles we're gonna look for some baby
clothes for this kid he doesn't like
being in carts or like even as car seat
really cuz he can't see anything but now
he can see where we're going walking in
a winter wonderland babe look at this
tree that is so cool babe there's a big
ole tree is it that time already I know
him we are gonna get all these very
first pet are you excited
we are at Petco what kind of pet should
we get babe should we get a kitty ooh
what about a chinchilla you want to
change it there cool-looking all
hamsters and gerbils good they are
pretty singing cute yeah they are they
look at that only so much fun now I
don't want to split them up what about a
bird you want to get a bird
make up them what for real
Oh never trust a rat what did he do nice
oh wow
what are those I hope you be growing how
about a nice fish Missy look how cute
this one oh these are cool these are
betas the beta lounge is where they all
lounge around let the fate of that what
do you want ollie
tell us what kind of pet you want we're
here to get your first pet whoa look at
these Missy angelfish turtles
definitely get in the turtle oh my gosh
look I'm swimming so cool hey buddy
those are cool Elliot's emos my chamois
Mouse
those are cool-looking huh would be so
cool to have a clownfish huh all right I
think we're gonna get a beta now I just
need to decide which one he's cool
it's uh Pizza on Friday night I don't
know if that's a new thing are we is
that a new thing we're starting this
pizza on Fridays guess we have to huh
I'll look at we this is no not for you
karma not for you look at this buddy
this is your new pet your new pet fish
how cool is that
what do you think about it is he cool so
yeah we got a double tail baby that if
he was a monkey that's how a monkey
would get excited oh yeah that is true
hey nice kisses oh you're sneezing his
face I mean a nice candy little hot to
eat don't you love you buddy
all right all right you guys we are
gonna introduce our beta we got our Bowl
all set up
it gave me like wow is this my home
really do you know I really should have
waited for ollie he liked what he saw he
got so excited
I feel like I liked it okay he's like
cool so so this as far as I can go
I love the white and the red you can't
put any guys in there can you put a
female in there I don't know what other
rules about betas do you guys know what
about how do you mean more you don't you
would just buy more okay they're like
$10 I know it's not like a little beta
farm I really like the peace we got yeah
so colorful you can just sleep on your
hammock yeah we got a little a little
leaf hammock and you're supposed to feed
him above it and then they like to like
sleep on it he's going around he's
exploring I just really wanted him to
have a really good bowl if you guys also
have name suggestions let us know
because we have no idea what to name
them there you go you guys all these
very first pet but anyway we're I'm
gonna go ahead and end today's vlog
because my battery's washing it's almost
dead so give this vlog a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
he's like oh gosh this is my new life
jairs okay go don't get scared
okay turn it on
why you do that okay just as long again
okay
