you guys guess what something really
exciting happened do you want to tell
them where should I listen Olli Olli
tell them tomorrow you're excited so
excited okay
I thought oh he's like as soon as the
Volga thy God making such a noise as
possible so they notice me son baby this
is a boy he's gonna do amazing things
all right you guys
Colin tweeted last night right before we
went to bed right before literally right
before we went to bed that they were
headed to the hospital because Katy was
having like Backson Kruk contractually
bad interactions she's 37 weeks and
three days so I was like well it's okay
like I was a little bit nervous but I
was like she's full-term this is
actually right when I had Oliver yeah I
was 37 weeks in two days and so I was
like I sure am sure it'll be fine and
then actually he texted Bryan yeah I
well I texted him and I and I just said
hey I saw your tweet and I'm thinking
about you guys and then I woke up to a
text from him and he was like thank you
and a picture of his adorable little
girl that's what he Texas yeah he's like
thanks bro and then he had a picture of
her oh did you wake up in the middle
night and saw see yeah
they had her like 4 o'clock in the
morning which I feel so bad cuz they
didn't get any sleep that night and then
they had her and like they're gonna be
so it's all you already get thrown Amma
after having a baby but now it's not
even worse for them I know would you
feel like poop boy I just changed a
boobie their boobie there no do you
start
anyways yeah Brian woke me up at 6:00
a.m. all right guys it was really it was
crazy like it brought back a lot of like
memory
and like emotions when we had this guy
the same like yeah I should go there and
then all of a sudden they're like okay
you're having a baby dude you're like
whoa whoa whoa I was not prepared I was
literally just talking to calling the
other day about how it could be anytime
like she has a scheduled date but it
could be any time before then and he's
just he was like going crazy like yeah
like that's the hardest part you knows
you never know when the baby's gonna
come but she's here now and everyone's
already shipping you guys cuz you're
both so freaking cute seriously she's
adorable she's beautiful you beautiful
baby and call it might have the birth
blog up I don't know he's I think he's
editing yesterday's vlog today and I
don't know if that's all gonna be in
there but when the birth logs up I'll
have a link to below in the description
so you guys can see it and I'm looking
forward to seeing we haven't seen it
yeah cuz it just happened we gave her
gain avert or golly golly good oh that
is cute but I feel like it's mostly Olli
then it's only got a G yes show I feel
like it has to be like even gay number
Cana Berget diverse cute did gain of her
if the birth vlog is up you guys go
leave a comment on it and say hashtag
gay number or shipping yourself whatever
yeah whatever ship name you guys want to
come up with come up with that golly
golly is really cute
golly is pretty stinking adorable B I
just um I texted him I said hey I know
you guys are busy but if you want to
FaceTime um feel free because we'd love
to see them and not to meet little games
do you want to meet your future wife
whoo-hoo I know we do need to go to Bama
soon you're gonna go to Bama come back
okay he's like okay I will he looks so
cute today is yellow pads oh yeah come
here come here look it is rad to the
bone oh it's got yellow on it that's
cool to the bone you have a shirt that
says dad the bone yeah but here is life
are so super cute so we tell them about
oh okay okay I just had to say so I
watched Outlander wedding last night and
I loved it okay it was a little bit like
dirty so if you're not like 18 or varied
you're something you probably shouldn't
watch it but it was so good like I feel
like they stuck really really close to
the book I feel like they did a great
job really trying to like like portray
all the emotions on both sides and still
like I literally got down with it and I
was like that was the best show ever and
I watched it again right after I busted
a second time so it was really really
really cool I loved it and I mean I've
loved all the episodes leading up to
this but I feel like now it's gonna
start really getting good because it's
now it's think they're gonna start going
into the whole love story part whereas
before that was pretty much like all the
backstory you gotta like understand the
culture and the the politics and all the
stuff leading up to basically this point
but oh he's facing Cullen oh yeah sure
um but yeah actually I'm just really
excited for the next episode to and
actually I've been watching the podcast
as well with this lucky it's a dude what
is up my man don't so much yeah dude
you're a dad it's like crazy how are you
you must be exhausted
hey you look amazing yeah you do we're
just having a baby look at all
look at the Holly she's seriously like
perfect look at that no oh all he just
said hi oh my gosh so you got everything
Monte grandpa that is so cool she's so
pretty
he's been staring at photos of her on
Instagram all day you guys and I taught
him to double tap it so the heart comes
up it gets a girlfriend oh my gosh we
were so excited for you I lit it I
couldn't sleep and all your pictures
started coming in in the morning I was
just like freaking out cuz I had no idea
like it's just weird how you never know
you know oh my gosh it was crazy we were
literally awesome good and then she was
like nope it's Tom dr. oh my god you get
any sleep beforehand Katie no I've been
having some little contractions Oh after
all evening but they were too kind like
I'd had before that I thought it won't
really do anything yeah once it's time
to go to bed they got a little bit worse
and then I was like I'm gonna lay down
and try to go to sleep and they'll get
better no she's just like no I'm coming
that's so cool oh my gosh we're so we
were literally like just so happy for
you guys this is so amazing and it likes
seeing your pictures it was just like I
felt like you you know like when we had
Ollie it just like brought back all
those memories and stuff like you will
never forget this time right now no it
was crazy
who's that it's kind of a pain they feel
they hi-c is not near the North here go
look at all that hair
who's that say hi oh hi oh you'd said
years wasn't really terrible
I really wasn't honestly you're giving
kisses right now Oliver's blowing kisses
that I came zhuang are you guys gonna
play the pot it really wasn't that bad
100 cheat you guys we are just so
excited for Colin and Katie he said he's
gonna have the birth blog up really
early so click the link below in the
description and check it out give them a
thumbs up leave a comment subscribe to
them if you aren't I'm just
we're so beyond thrilled them are you
happy you met Gaines oh my gosh that was
adorable thank you guys for watching
give this video a thumbs up Sam pie
we're gonna fish yeah hey you are miss
Juliette
all right guys Missy and I are going out
on a little date we got to take a bite
of oli yeah he's gonna man the house
alone like home alone oh yeah
Karma's here are you guys gonna be
around to watch it I mean if it's
convenient oh you see that family kid
that was good
yes let's piss him off for your parents
oh yeah ste in the morning actually oh
yeah I should probably give you a big
hug too huh I love you
no he's so good at throwing a temper
tantrum yeah good luck so we didn't
really plan this well we have like about
an hour to our movie that way it's full
people are waiting outside of Red Robin
we're gonna have to cut a
panik's breakfast spit that that's okay
it's okay we don't know what movie are
we
