all right you guys it's September 9th
I've got my lemon grass energy tea apple
event is up and I am right are you ready
I'm ready
are you ready for iPhone day are you
ready for iPhone day you want a new
iPhone you don't care about no new
iPhone this is a Sunday me
you have wolf he's gonna do amazing
things I'm so excited you guys i watch
this every year and last night I was
thinking I think this is the eighth year
of the iPhone eight years I've had the
iPhone Missy and now they're gonna have
the new one
mrs. excited - she wants a new phone she
really is really bummed cuz she just got
this case and she's hoping that they
have one that fits the new one good
morning guys I am off to San Diego
actually I'm going to a doctor's
appointment to get like information
about the surgery and just like I said
I'm just doing like lots of research and
talking to my doctor here and stuff like
that and Oliver is actually asleep while
Bryan nerds out I mean he's completely
nerding out I can't even like describe
how much of a nerd he's been this whole
morning it's actually been quite
annoying I'm gonna be honest okay guys
he's been really annoying like I can't
even speak to him because he's so into
whatever this nerd apple thing is I
don't know apples cool and everything
I'm not bashing Apple I'm really excited
about the whole new iPhone thing my
husband is being a nerd and I am just
doing mommy stuff so I guess that's just
how it should be but I'm actually with
my mom because Bryan's nerding out that
he can't come with me and hopefully we
get a lot of good information we can
figure out what the plan is and then
I'll be updating probably like on my
channel pretty student once I have
enough information to actually share
with you guys Oliver is actually with
Bryan so hopefully he wakes up and Bryan
can care for him even though he wants to
watch Apple haul day you guys iphone 6
apple watch just finished watching the
keynote wow I am so excited but it's not
available into next year
conveniently around my birthday Missy
take note yeah they also announced the
new iPhone two new sizes I would like
something a little bit bigger than this
so I think I would really like the 4.7
I'm totally getting her a watch too you
can send
your heartbeat to another person using
an Apple watch like it senses your heart
beating it sends your heartbeat to
someone else using like the taptic
feedback I think that's amazing so yeah
I got all these sleeping upstairs but
the monitor is completely broken so I
feel like a listen for them I can't even
have the TV on you guys I have to like
listen because I can normally usually
when he wakes up he like kicks his crib
and it like bangs the whole house in so
I can hear himself okay I just got done
with my appointment which actually went
pretty quickly I was in and out of there
within like 15 minutes I definitely got
a lot of information from my doctor I
definitely have made a decision on
whether I'm going with an out-of-state
doctor or with this doctor still have
more things I gotta figure out I going
to call a doctor I was take and try and
figure out things and I know this is all
very like obscure what I'm talking about
is I'm not really saying anything kind
of hard to explain unless I explain the
entire story and I can't really do that
on here so - trying - you don't make the
right decision
Eggbert awesome speak of the devil I
just heard him kicking something like a
check on him he's so cute I just miss
him yesterday before we left I just like
couldn't stop staring at him you know
what he reminds me it reminds me of like
this cute little Disney baby character I
hear a baby making noise in here What's
Up kiddo hey cutie cutie with a bootie
give me a guy I missed you dad that's me
you know what I just realized you guys I
haven't eaten today mom's probably gonna
expect me to feed you too huh you want
some food here I'll open this you can
look through look in the freezer tell me
if you want something louise going for
the fish but some waffles that's what i
do i just open the freezer and let him
roam bunny I'm a bunny daddy huh Bryan
is gonna be so mad at me
we ended up going to free birds again so
I'm getting a burrito and he doesn't
no idea and it's funny because maybe as
they counter even asked if I was like
she's like don't usually come in with
your husband I was like yeah like how
easy just putting all my guys but I was
like what they know you here that's a
problem how you know you've been here
too much it kind of good so we're
getting our burrito on why yes I did it
just pull a piece of dog food out of
your mouth what the hey bro you're
really hungry aren't you
this kid is crazy
all right we're gonna go get some food
okay yeah or no Holly where's mommy
where's mommy Holly and I are headed
into Panera Bread he's probably
wondering where mommy is I don't think
we've ever gone out to lunch just us
have we just the guys look at this kid
you guys eaten his little sandwich like
a boss I got him just a little turkey
and cheese sandwich and he is loving it
he's eating off the plate even don't we
go
normally we don't let him eat on the
plate cause sometimes he likes to throw
is it but a Panera their plates are
pretty heavy so I don't think he'd be
able to even move it here I'll take that
don't throw it out he likes to throw
that on the ground too when he's done
with it don't ya you don't like the
turkey he's like man just cheese and
bread please all right bye bye baby can
you see it through there the reason is
because something tragic happened my
monitor like seems to have broken yet
like two nights ago it started beeping
at me and I was asleep and then I woke
up to the sound and it literally just
like shut off and it hasn't turned on
sense don't know if the problem is not
my cordis no water charging my monitor
or a diary is no longer working or I
don't know so I'm going in to be why my
baby touched your that all right now and
things get it fixed cuz last night was
kind of sad when Oliver woke up crying I
didn't hear him and it was hard that was
I think the first time Ollie and I ever
ate lunch together like just us and I
came across something and I wanted to
talk to you about it and see what you
guys think or what you do honestly in
our food and then we went and sat down
and by the time our food got to us
I needed a refill on my drink and I
needed some mayonnaise which was over on
the condiment counter maybe 20 feet away
I suddenly had this realization that
I've never had to make this decision but
I was like what do I do
with Oliver do I leave him there is that
bad to leave him there or do I like
unbuckle him and take him away from his
sandwich while he's eating and carry him
over there to like get my drink and
condiments and whatever I honestly
didn't know what to do I felt like I was
in a foreign country hold the plate away
from him so he couldn't like choke on
his food or anything and I sort of
turned him toward me and I basically
like walked backwards the entire way as
I refilled my drink and grabbed
mayonnaise and he like was looking at me
and smiling and it was super cute but
you guys should let me know what you
guys do in situations like that in the
comments below so maybe I can get some
insight on what to do next time okay I
was able to determine pretty easily that
it's definitely this thing this thing is
broken because when I chart I plugged my
monitor in using their charger it was
charging
funny thing is I left my monitor over
there to charge and I'm just going to
try and walk around here as long as
possible
and then I will go get it once it's
charged up a little bit and so Brian's
actually just going to easily eggs yes
you can buy these on eBay for like $4 so
he's just going to order one for me and
until then I'll be down here every day
charging my monitor I'm just kidding but
hopefully I can make this charge last as
long as possible I was looking at this
very time that was like this is the
smallest good tabasum is $600 Basnet I
said it converts from a bassinet to a
crib oh maybe it's got like an extension
like this me this extends out then you
have a round crap on your that's crazy
it's very weird it's very simple-looking
you guys I found the trip trap this is
the trip tracked by Stoke I've been
wanting this for like ever so if you
guys watch the security Joey's I think
they have this one right now yeah as you
can see there's like these little
notches you can raise this according to
like how big your child is and then you
can raise this according to how long
their legs are this thing actually can
come off too and you can yeah they can
just scoot right up to the table you
have this and it goes up until actually
they call it like the life chair like
you can pretty much use it for life here
I mean I wouldn't really probably sit in
real kick at the college with him yeah
this is the chair my mom got me when I
was a new work look at how he's sitting
right now you guys that doesn't look
comfy Olli
I might see how charges says is that
three probably not all the way charge
but it's working yesterday check it out
you guys it is finally here
destiny came out today but I'm really
excited I played this beta and it was so
good and I normally am NOT into games
like that the thing is when I play the
ps4 I have to open up the cabinet
because it gets hot but if I open the
cabinet then Ollie runs up and you just
push all the buttons on the cutest
section ever at the world market this is
like teaspoons and tablespoons and there
owls but the thing is is that they
actually are like breakable so knowing
me I would probably drop this and break
it one teaspoon this is not so cute
swords ridiculous little over the scary
moment with Oliver he was just like
really upset like screaming and crying
and like nothing could like seem dick
how kind of thing because I keep feeling
and he's got this bulge in the side of
his mouth like his gums so I think it
might be him teething you were thought
dad huh yeah so I didn't end up filming
my video so I feel pretty crappy about
that but that's okay I I'm just going to
film it probably tomorrow or the next
day and then it'll be up on Friday
you're just playing with rocks and dirt
huh such a boy he's like yep that is a
lot of watermelon dude don't put any
more in that mouth you've eaten a little
bit dinner he's got water mail in your
sticking on in there quinoa and cottage
cheese mixed together I don't know if
that sounds is disgusting to you as it
does to me but he loves it but he likes
it and that's all that matters hey hey
hey watch it
I'll pretend to eat it and then he hide
it she pretends to take a bite yeah he
goes like this yes and then he stuffed
it down it is sure seriously yeah what
are you thinking though I'm trying to
catch it no you really don't want it huh
I'm playing destiny I hear a truck ISM
here let's go see I hear a ruckus yeah
just splashing he was like literally
laughing hysterically is like splashing
me from it oh I'm kind of new to things
I just got him earth paste it literally
looks like oh I would never use that but
it smell it smells like lemon mmm it's
just basically like food grade clay but
then it's got all these essential oils
in it and it's got no um fluoride or
glycerin and it's all from the earth you
don't take me at the giver baby
toothpaste at this age but I thought
fizz well I also need to get in loves
that thing a new tooth a tooth breath
I'm very like what the heck mom it's
official you're a mud mouth hey you all
right guys update on little Maggie Ruth
they actually got to take her home today
how amazing is that that little girl has
been through the wringer and I'm just so
stoked that they got to go home with her
today so thank you guys for everyone
who's been thinking and praying for them
also just watch the new Shaytards and I
guess dachshunds in the hospital because
he kicked over in his highchair and fell
to the ground and there's a little
fracture and his call and just me
thinking about Shane Colette and little
baby Jaxen that's so sad that kids a
looker though I'll tell you what I've
met him a couple times and even with a
fracture in his school he's still gonna
be pretty dang stinking cute little baby
but anyway I'm gonna go ahead and end
today's vlog be sure to go show the Shh
eyes some love give this video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it and I'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
I love you can find guys who didn't find
you a soldier we try to get funny we
made it yeah lookout cute this is you
yeah
