and apparently they really apparently
and falling into the pool and they get
all stuck in the vacuum to the parenting
they can't stay up there they just fall
in the pool and I gotta go with the
Powerball this is our son baby boy he's
gonna do amazing things
good morning everyone and happy iphone
day happy I phoned a buddy which one you
want you want the plus I'll get you the
plus it's about as big as your head is
that okay what do you want oh yeah you
want more cereal wow this kid is serious
about his breakfast okay you seriously
just ate like a whole banana and a ton
of cereal and you're still hungry we are
all getting ready to head over to the
Apple Store machine i pre-ordered two
iPhone 6s we set them for in-store
pickup so we're gonna go and pick them
up and I'm going to see if they do have
any pluses I doubt they have any pluses
left over especially by the time miss
you guys ready probably be stuck with
that one for a while until they get them
in stock
why should I yours bling it's the cutest
thing ever
we got the cutest video from Oliver's
cousin you guys check this out does a
little message from Olivia he's like I
want more I want to talk to her more
look you guys I finally dragged him out
of the house yep they're coming we're
all ready wait babies were then you oh
yeah there's a ton of people lined up
around here it's always Lester I was
right here at the corner last year huh
look at that cool little display what do
you think miss
I think that the small one is perfect of
course you do
holy guacamole you guys this thing is a
feast
look at this I don't even know how I
would never I can't you use it with one
hand that's a total bummer this is Tom
this is really talk to you guys
all right check this out there
it's so big right what do you think it's
like a mini iPad anyway is it too big
for Olli though is it too big for you
watching videos on this thing would be a
dream
let's watch a trailer even this is big
yeah totally
oh do the new reach ability thing like
open up messages double tap the home
button see so then you can reach your
thumb up to start a new message right
there goodbye so you don't have to reach
or fumble with it you know say who's on
the phone
who is it
she already dropped it in it literally
went swinging all right you guys we are
finally leaving this kid is dunzo
oh and he's gonna go buy some makeup
apparently but we have our iPhones took
way longer than expected I think
something was wrong with Verizon so it
wasn't approving it on there and so they
had to like call a million times but cut
the iPhones and now we're gonna grab
some food and go home after spending
nearly three hours in the Apple Store
Ollie was pooped so he is sleeping right
now thankfully and I am making us some
lunch
hey go babe you playing on your new
phone put a fingerprint lock alright you
know you could do that with your last
one right oh no can wait did you I'll
and a five oh yeah I've totally forgot
about that but now people can get in
with you just keeps making me do it over
and over yeah you just have to keep
moving your thumb around like it into
the edges and stuff finger on the home
button till asked what oh we are I'm
restoring all the phones right now
mine's restoring in iTunes right now as
soon as they're done will like show you
guys some some cool shots of it compared
to the the other one but now is time for
food we were in that Apple Store he to
flunk you guys that was not fun and I
love Apple stores and it was not fun
alright you guys here are the phones we
got our new phones over here this is my
old phone look at how stinking thin
these things are you guys all phone that
new phone thin old phone that cow Missy
got the gold one so it's got this really
nice like gold little shimmer thing she
probably wants me to give it back yeah
but she also got this cool leather it's
a leather case and it's like a creamy
vintage e pink sort of color yeah yeah
that's cool huh
so I had the black iPhone and now I have
the white iPhone and I upgrade every
single year because I have a deadline on
my account that allows me to so I just
thought maybe this year I'll do the
white one and and see how it is but the
plus was definitely too big you guys I
was
really wanting it but this new screen on
here is a lot bigger than it looks I
think because I'm so used to this screen
right here so the six was definitely a
good choice for me and I like the silver
because it matches my macbook too so you
should have try this out for a year and
see if I like it but I am definitely
digging the new size a new screen new
everything you guys it's really kind of
cool and now when I pick up my old phone
it just feels like a brick it's weird
how obsolete this thing is now ah just
hanging out in the back ollie is helping
sweep he's gonna get this place all spic
and span good job you know how to do it
huh pretty good at that the pool looks
so good yo we finally bought like a new
net and we had a pole over here but I
guess that pole doesn't work
oli stay where I can see ya hey buddy
I guess that pole doesn't work so we
have to use that manually for now I'm
not gonna put you in there are you have
your fun no you don't know you don't let
me see the booty so you don't if you
guys look up here you can see this palm
trees got more of those orange thingies
and apparently they really apparently
and falling into the pool and they get
all stuck in the vacuum to the parenting
they can't stay up there they just fall
in the pool I gotta go what's the
Powerball do you guys know what that's
problem let me know in the comments if
you do so we had to run out to get some
stuff and when we were coming back from
the Apple Store
we were running really really low on gas
but all he was just like done and we're
like let's just go home and who cares
one mile we have one mile so we died I
really feel like it
to say zero any minute and then we're
just gonna like stop moving yeah oh man
that is know that not means we have less
than a mile now I'm so afraid we made it
we are not going to break down that's
good but it literally seems always
happen we just always run it until we
you know have no gas look what Oliver
did he like tore apart Minnie Mouse you
guys see if you can find out what he did
to Minnie
yeah there is he licked her bow off her
shoe up what do you have to say for you
about for yourself seems like you can
really just care less huh
you really just need you don't really
care that much can you say you're sorry
you guys were getting some fall stuff at
Target just found some pumpkin spice
M&Ms that's normal right you think it
sounds gross I think it sounds
interesting
Ollie is attempting to eat his food with
a spoon how's that going buddy we're
trying it look at you scoop it yeah no
no no no now you're just making a mess
we just ate dinner we had tons of food
rice guacamole cilantro beans I threw
together some chicken and chopped it all
together it's like marinated really
yummy and it was so good look at this
you guys Missy is already charging her
phone well it is 10:30 and it wasn't
really charged all the way to begin with
look at that cute kid too bt-dubs you
already killed your phone Missy did you
literally just play games all day and
watch videos you have a computer I don't
have a computer sounds like you need an
iPhone six-plus warrantless expose what
I need is a computer we basically have
to get her a battery case already she's
addicted to juice I'm not why you saying
it saying that though I just say that if
you spent all day on your phone you had
no computer your phone be dead by noon
maybe she has a point you guys yeah
we're gonna have to get her a battery
case huh yeah I do really need help
Manny Bruce makes up I know they did
someone better make one fast
well iPhone day came and went you guys
this is now a reality but anyway click
that thumbs up button if you guys have
fun today thank you guys for watching
I'm pooped so we will see you guys
tomorrow bye in his stroller and I
thought
that's okay Holly okay come on
and that fun look like go embarrass us
