oh right oh it's really brought out here
hey baby boy those nice hi this is our
son baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things
hey happy Caturday buddy look at you all
dressed and ready to go like a good
little boy see when I tell him to be
ready in the morning for breakfast he's
ready like that you unfortunately take a
little bit of time I know I told you
just to braid it baby would have been
fine I've been doing bullying we're all
dressed and we're ready it's Saturday
I'm gonna go have some fun let's do this
guy's look how grown up I am I have a
purse I really need a purse I just
every time I'm not out with Oliver I
literally have like my cards my phone my
camera my keys all like in my hands and
that's why the other day I left my card
at a restaurant and I don't know I'm
just so unorganized especially when
Oliver is not with me and I've never
really been a huge purse person even
when I was like younger and I just like
got a car I was like I'm not giving a
purse so not like a huge first risen but
I've got this one and I like it I think
it's pretty simple and cute there's part
of me that's not sure I like it because
I don't know it seems kind of like old
ladyish I'm gonna put diapers and wipes
in the middle and I've got like himself
so yeah I don't know it's just what do
girls carry in their purse besides a
card and a phone what are you guys
keeping your purse leave that in the
comments because I'm feeling like I'm
too simple at this point like I mean
everybody's enough hurt exactly just
some random kid walking through the
parking lot huh how long babe thirty
thirty minutes that's okay do you want
to walk down the Starbucks and get
something to drink
whoa you're looking beautiful by the way
you got ready really fast I appreciate
it
she's awesome this is a nice little area
yes
mm my swatter ha ha he's gonna go
everywhere oh and it survived yet the
strong stay what it was Hey a leaf this
buzzes let us know okay we're hungry
thank you we give him the buzzer coz
when it buzzes he gets all excited and
stuff look at this you guys first ice
chai this season they spelled my name
correctly you want try it it's really
good don't put the straw in your nose
please
but you are so cute right now you know
that water yeah water from stem ah it's
like I just want to play with the straw
I like when they use these bright green
straws for some reason what's happening
to it is it vibrating and lighting up
that means it's food time gone Jess he's
already tomato faced sorry tomato face
we were out here for 20 minutes
sheesh lowly machine look you guys he
gave us a big piece of paper to color on
I drew a little Ollie pop with a red
tomato face since you have a tomato face
it's getting better though huh and they
give us this kiss look at that buddy
fresh biscuits and jam come on you like
biscuits and jam no look at this massive
chicken-fried steak you guys that is
insane you're gonna help me eat that
right buddy he's like give it to me give
it to me he got a nice little stack of
pancakes
we got fruit and bacon and eggs are you
ready to chow down
oh hey shout out the little Westin over
there what's up buddy
he watches our vlogs do you watch baby
Olly yeah he's got a mean drawing of a
train in front I saw your drawing buddy
it's pretty cool he's gear he was
playing with Olly while we were waiting
for our table but he watches him that
little boy watches you what did you play
and grow up huh all right let's eat we
are at the farmers market and we haven't
been here in quite a while you have to
wake up super early yeah yeah we're so
late actually oh my god Kyle Kyle Oh
in lemon a I love lemonade but um yeah
we used to go like all the time but we
have it one time food look cute
get all these flowers that's way cheaper
than Target
look how nice that is that's so cool I'm
gonna get some flowers
can you smell them they smell amazing
you guys look at this monster it's a
mammoth sunflower you like crazy my
grandma actually used to have big
mammoth sunflowers all along well the
only four side yard we lived in Idaho
did you ever eat the seeds no I didn't
is that where you think Oh interesting
yeah we never did you know what I think
her I think my grandma's boyfriend's
dead yeah that's a big ol sunflower
though you honey peppers Missy hot
peppers oh you got one that's crazy
Missy lives for orange samples so tender
and juicy oh he's so hot he's so ready
for a nap mmm good you want to get thumb
yeah we just got back I already put all
her down for his nap he is so exhausted
I'm going to show you guys what we got
at the farmers market for things like so
warm to the so hot out we got this
really big bouquet of flowers they got
orange sunflowers and yellow sunflowers
and then other flowers that I don't know
the name of we got three big ol Abba
kados that are like really right and
perfect got a couple things of cilantro
and they literally smelled up our entire
car with cilantro huge bag of green
beans because we never can have too many
green beans and they're like huge and
they're just so like perfect they just
feel like the perfect green bean
you always get ours at Target and you
can tell they're just not as good we've
got a big old thing of oranges which you
can't judge these images from the
outside because they don't look very
good but the inside are amazing and then
we got 12 jumbo
around eggs things are huge too for this
and they're all like they're really
weird like look how like not smooth that
is it's like bumpy and stuff but they're
just uh no they're interesting I like em
they're pretty cool
that's re thing we got oh and I also got
this really really really cool present
for my friend Kelsey if you guys don't
know them they have a channel on YouTube
but they're kind of taking a break right
now but they used to daily vlog so I
know a lot of you guys were watching
them I actually didn't get to go to her
bridal shower which I was really really
really sad about but I got her a present
at the farmers market and I can't show
you guys what it exactly it is because
it's all wrapped but it is so pretty
it's actually from like the 1930s kind
of thing but I'll have to show you guys
maybe like when I get it give it to her
in October actually headed to Oregon in
October for their wedding because I'm
actually a bridesmaid in the wedding I'm
really really excited about this present
so like it's like the perfect gift for
her feels it says it's 99 but it
literally feels like he's like 105 good
look at this gorgeous fool you guys I
think oh hey look at this gorgeous woman
what up cutie with a bootie married a
hottie right here what would just jump
in oh it's right oh it's really bright
out here
good boy rocking maje daily bum shirt
daily bum smart comm if you guys want
one this is my view right now oh I got
burgers on the grill
actually he's already forced some chairs
we got miss Terrill in here to do some
voiceover work hello how do you feel
about that what do you want what do you
wanna say to the peeps really I quote
Tressa come on you're only talking to
140,000 people say something that
matters terilyn Oh God look at her she's
like a little tomato she's all right now
terilyn does really good voiceover work
for a little paint no for the look who's
blogging episode I bought a watermelon
yesterday and I am cutting it up now and
I'm making Oliver a watermelon juice
take this out add some watermelon
next I strain it so bit tedious but it
works and all that stuff just won't go
through a sippy cup and there you have
it watermelon juice I actually have a
larger mason jar rather than just like
the small ones and it actually uses the
same lid and everything so I just put it
on like this gal is watermelon juice put
it right in the fridge look out geared
milk run I got a run and grab some milk
cuz we are all out and we just can't get
through a night without milk missy is
obsessed with it she drinks it every
night before bed every morning with her
cookies with anything chocolate or bread
related she has to have her milk milk is
grouse brains are yummier
I mean milk isn't like the best thing in
the world but it's better than brains
what do you now you stupid human I got
milk I also got beer click that like
button if you hungry yo just made dinner
oh gosh steamy quick Missy your camera's
got this stupid ghost you see guys see
this this is cuz Missy's camera has a
little crack in the lens it's like a
crap look at what ghosts following you
it's only like in certain light though
it's weird and Guardian okay okay I'm
gonna go ahead and taste vlog but I
didn't want to let you guys know that
today's vlog is brought to you by Hulu
Plus if you guys don't have Hulu Plus
guess what I can give you two weeks for
free how's that sound
free stuff is awesome we love Hulu Plus
you can watch it on your phone your
tablet your laptop your computer they
have tons of awesome shows as well as a
handful of shows where you can watch all
the seasons like Desperate Housewives
Maisie and I were actually just talking
about how we really want to watch a show
all the way through again and so I think
we're actually gonna start with
Desperate Housewives because that was an
awesome show so if you guys want to
watch with us be sure to click that link
below in the description to get Hulu
Plus free for two weeks courtesy of
Daley bombs how cool is that we love
giving you guys free stuff thank you
guys so much for watching give this long
a big fat thumbs up I will see you
tomorrow bye or to just do it with my
doctor
and you know not that it would be a risk
or anything but I don't know there's
just that possibility that I can
actually end up going for a second
surgery whereas this other doctor would
mean that I wouldn't have to do a second
surgery it's definitely some interesting
things going on in my world as far as my
surgery just trying to figure out what I
want to do and what's important and
what's the right decision would be a
little bit difficult to leave the
