you want the poop one help the poop come
out help the poop come out of the there
you go pull it out there you go
sometimes if the poop doesn't come out
you just got to pull it out huh
okay this is our son baby
boy he's going to do amazing things
good morning mr. munchkin no I know you
want to play with this but you can't
okay what's up oh geez this is seriously
been him all day
attitude she's actually ready for his
nap zone good morning guys this has
basically been our first half of our day
is him not very happy so I'm gonna put
him down for a second now are you gonna
be happy about it okay hey guys so I
think that this is my favorite place in
the house to vlog it's just right next
to the bed it's right in front of this
massive window with the pool down there
so you get lots of like really nice
natural light I don't know it's just
like I want to start the vlog so I'm
gonna start it right here cuz it feels
nice it feels very very nice there nice
anyway how are you guys you know what I
was on our Channel today and a couple
things came to mind wine we are almost
at 140,000 subscribers which is quite
crazy and if you guys follow us you know
that we just hit like a hundred thousand
like really recently feel like it was
like a couple weeks ago so that's insane
another thing I noticed is someone
brought up the vlog count like how many
vlogs we had done like what day we're on
or whatever and so it kind of just like
made me go back through it and I was
just going through how long we've been
doing that's like vlogging every day and
I was just like I cannot believe I've
been doing it this long I honestly
didn't think it would ever go this far I
feel like there are moments in life that
define you as a human and as a couple as
a family and I just feel so blessed to
have those moments captured and I can
just go back and look at them anytime
not to mention like Oliver can go back
and look at them any time or if
YouTube's still around or whatever it is
Google+ video I always make that
you know his kids can see it his wife
can see him growing up and I think
that's I think that's pretty amazing
I feel very proud of you know what we've
created here on YouTube bathrooms just
been bothering me
it's just like a complete mess it's just
like products everywhere
the mirrors dirty everything is clean
before I wasn't starting a blog I was
like you know what I'm just I'm just
gonna do it so I'm just gonna do it you
guys and then I'll feel a little bit
better okay watch this YouTube magic
ready for this
ah there you have it guys all cleaned up
look I can actually see myself in the
mirror how about that yeah I'm not
entirely sure what the point of that was
I guess if there was a point it would be
if something is bothering you or you
want to change something quit thinking
about it and just do it because you're
gonna feel a whole lot better and I need
this advice every single day I'm not
kidding you guys like I just I have
things that I'm just like I should do
that or I really need to change that or
I need to start doing this and I just
think about it too much when honestly
what would make you feel so much better
is just doing it I guess that's your
Brian advice for today they just got
Oliver down for his nap and it is so
nice outside I think I'm actually wants
whistling all right here'll I go
swimming I take your collar off
go swimmin and let me feel the poi I
think I might have heated it a little
bit oh it feels really nice
just a tad basically the hot tub was on
and then all the hot tub water spilled
into the pool it actually made it feel
really nice so it's pretty much perfect
but I just want to tell you guys I just
spoke with a doctor this morning and I'm
just kind of getting this ball moving
with my upcoming surgery I'll probably
end up doing a video on my channel about
all this but I'm really excited I feel
like things are kind of moving along
there is a possibility that I might be
going out of state for a surgery because
actually someone really really super
nice one of you guys actually wrote me
was telling me about this doctor and
he's like the best of the best when it
comes to the surgery that I need
to determine if it's important for me to
leave the state to do this surgery or to
just do it with my doctor and you know
not that it would be a risk or anything
but I don't know there's just that
possibility that I could actually end up
going for a second surgery whereas this
other doctor would mean that I wouldn't
have to do a second surgery it's
definitely some interesting things going
on in my world as far as my surgery just
trying to figure out what I want to do
and what's important and what's the
right decision it would be a little bit
difficult to leave the state to do a
surgery so that does not sound fun to me
it might be the better choice I don't
know what I'm doing right now I'm just
kind of in that limbo stage getting
doing some research calling my doctor
and calling the other doctor and trying
to figure out what I should do I think
is something it is so nice out the pool
feels amazing today I might jump in the
CUDA from his nap he needed that nap ha
still not completely happy but we're
going swimming
that should help huh let's go swimming
oh your toes
look at that win oh we're gonna take
your sippy cup oh I'm gonna get my
gatorade hang on hang on
Oh okay I'm coming Carmen's already in
there you go swimmin
I think I'm gonna have to jump in first
because it feels so nice all right guys
I'm gonna jump in
I'll tell the other guys offense lady
Thomas yeah on my way
they call it I thought it is still very
very nice oh my gosh I was it's not cold
at all feels amazing but I have a
suspected to be warmer there you go in
got you sippy
let's go Cho careful oh hi I am working
on my computer and this little guy once
Kim away office so I'm gonna let him in
come on in yeah there's nothing on there
no more I cleaned that up cleaned all
that up cuz these two things are not
gonna be in my office huh oh you want no
no did you see that he almost put his
foot up there I know you want grumpy
there you go
oh you love grumpy cat don't you hi
buddy
haven't been feeling very well today
have you buddy you got a big another big
molar coming in all right got it give it
a minute why are you naked II were you
in the pool okay bye-bye
what you you're leaving huh did you just
say goodbye I'm like you say goodbye oh
you change your mind oh that's Harry
Potter you want to watch it yes of
course you do you want that one now Oh
without the poop one you want the poop
one help the poop come out help the poop
come out of the there you go pull it out
there you go sometimes if the poop
doesn't come out you just got to pull it
out huh what's tempeh
Organic three grain tempeh is that like
quinoa it kind of looks like throw-up
no offensive you eat em vet we found
ollie one of these it's shaped like
Mickey and it's got cheese and pretzels
and apples for like people to be good
snack by the way if you look at what's
going on here we have a basket which we
started with and it got way too full and
so now we're in a carts
it's kind of what happens when we come
here it's pretty much our life how you
doing buddy
you hanging in there yeah he hates the
stroller we need a new stroller we found
one of these things though it's a shower
tension rod basically to hold all our
crap whose kid is that whose kids crime
hold all our stuff in the shower cuz
it's like a complete mess in there so
hopefully I'll be a little bit more
organized got Baba what are you saying
come on out oh you don't want that
you're disrupting all the shoppers look
what we go Pizza as jokey would say it's
a pizza Potter Friday night it's Friday
right
Friday night pizza parties happening and
actually missing me know but it's
national cheese pizza day did we get a
deal at least yeah it was only ten bucks
but yeah Missy got cheese and I got
Hawaiian we're gonna see if Ali maybe
oli will eat some pizza I think you'll
eat some pizza buddy we got you some
pizza can you say Pisa yeah he almost
did he's like AB these give me that I
think he's gonna love it because he
loves tomato sauce and he loves cheese
and he loves bread
mmm
that's different huh how is it delicious
hmm peaked ah I like the way this Papa
John's does their Canadian bacon it's
actually really good
Hawaiian huh it's life yeah well it's
like it's not like round and hard to eat
you know look at you you got a plethora
of Pizza Hawaiians like my favorite
pizza but you guys should let me know
what's your favorite pizza topping let
me know in the comments below
mmm gulag fish jeez I'm so weird you
don't want nothing on it
hi I feel like why shouldn't I like ham
but I don't I bet you like green beans
on your pizza okay yeah he's like he's
looking up here cuz he's talking to me
me hey hi can give her kisses ticket can
you give her kisses oh oh you gotta go
back to her oh he presses buttons all
the time ha careful
it does silly he gets so excited when I
go to call my mom he starts like jumping
up and down
Hey look at Auntie Oh Oliver James he'd
plucked this thing off dang it okay hang
on all of our stuff it okay just stop
auntie here you want c98 Ahern oh t he
just taste it get rid kids without
taking the camera
unmute them here it would we do it no it
is really good he just threw you into
his toy box give a kiss oh he says brush
your teeth
oh he's just gonna throw it out
you looking at the lights you ready for
bed we love it when we turn the lights
on huh
yeah even a nice pictures yeah holy
guacamole you guys I always loved with
Jay Carl shows this in his hog look at
this six million views this month here
is since the beginning of time on this
channel you guys this last month has
been crazy so I just wanted to thank you
guys so much for that because that is
amazing it's so much fun we are having
so much fun and we just appreciate all
the love and support you guys are giving
us of course schools back in session so
those are probably gonna go back down
it's always just fun to see like where
we started and where we are now you know
like I would have never imagined that
we'd be here doing this that I'd still
be talking to you guys but you made it
happen by the way can you I posted a
picture on my Instagram can you see the
is the plump up above my head doing
think of Sam haven't been able to play
sims for much but I promise you guys
that we are going to be putting some
videos out on my personal channel you
see Anna and I are going to be doing
Let's Plays with sim versions of
ourselves but I need to know where
should we start the Let's Plays should
we start off before we got engaged so we
can get engaged and married in the game
or should we start out married and just
start having a bunch of simbaby x' all
over the place what do you guys think we
should do for the sims 4 Let's Plays let
me know in the comments below but those
will be going up on my channel I've
actually been working on something
really cool for my channel so hopefully
I can show that to you guys soon I hope
you guys enjoyed today's vlog I'm going
to end it here I just I did a pre-cut
that's what I call when I'm editing like
a pre-cut of next week's baby League
video and it is hilarious
it's got Peyton in it in case you were
wondering and if you haven't seen last
week's video I'll have a link to below
but this next episode is going to be so
stinking cute I will see a tomorrow's
get this video a thumbs up
why am I talking like this I don't know
I don't know what's going on all right
we'll see you guys for okay bye
gonna go wake up oli well why is he
picking me up okay
all he's been sleeping for over two
hours so we're gonna go wake him up
