over there it's all over there I'd like
to talk to Oliver this is our son baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things here
they raise a picture Thanks
hello hello he's like what is going on
all right guys we're hanging out with
the fam BAM Jimmy what you want to say
hurry say something meaningful nothing
nothing hey hey oh hey say something
meaningful something say something
meaningful meaningful
they all are lame hey guys it's Sunday
we're having a barbecue show with the
family I got steaks oh look at that
me it's what's for dinner and I am got
my green beans and olive oil and we did
like a lemon pepper this time it's kind
of like lemony and it's kind of like
peppery that's a good description right
good to work telling potatoes men's
appeal 11 potatoes the official day do
work he's working for his food right
here yeah
least someone is Oh burn also as if that
wasn't enough food we've got chicken
marinating nummies that's the herb stuff
must throw that on the grill in the
fridge just like one comes out crazy Ali
what you got you guys have to see what
he's wearing
come here ollie
and oh my goodness you are the boss of
this family aren't you some really cute
clothes actually I got a couple really
cool ones
hang on
uh yeah our friends actually got us a
bunch of really really cool shirts and
their names are Sly Fox this is like Fox
threads um yes I got some cool stuff
before today's they like have a million
new design okay it says while that heart
and this is for always is a twelvemonth
shirt
this one's dies a little sidekick and
it's got these little things everything
is awesome yeah she said I heard you
guys have something to do with
everything is awesome on your channel oh
yeah
so now he actually has bagel and if it
bums up I know hey which is what you
should be doing to this video and then
also this one rad to the bone and
Brian's gonna says Dada to the bone oh
yeah that one's up in the room um and
then this one's for me mom life isn't
that so cool they're like the most
creative like little shop and they have
some really really cool shirts and our
friends are like best friends of them
some are not our friends my cousins best
friends with them so we got to check
them out I'll put a link below in the
description so you guys can check yeah
they just have some there's a table
right now and ah I really want to get
Ollie to yeah they have actually a
couple like really cute baby hats and
stuff like that also look what came we
got a new highchair this is the kike
room um it actually doesn't name down
here you can't see it it's the key grew
and it's really cool my dad actually put
this together as well he basically comes
over and we put him to work
right dad projects and you
yeah so Haman um oli actually sat down
and we're doing this all I got out his
hammer and was like banging on it it was
super cute
um but yeah he put this together for us
and it's really really cool it's one
it's a lot like the other chair I think
you've actually seen it
the trip-trap and I think like the
ciccone Julie's used that one and
everything
it's a LifeCare basically so yeah this
thing comes out it's a really cool tray
that's very secure kinda hard to do with
one hand what goes on are you gonna like
this he hates his own chair
I know so we're home hi I hate his
everything she was like we can just put
it right to the table
yeah or if we want to sit him in front
of TV or something we can put the tray
on her give her something I know
and then this is cool because basically
um he can put his feet on here and then
depending on how long their legs go this
just slides out and goes through these
little notches saying with this will
slide out too and go down and up and
it's really really really cool and I'm
so happy why don't we - yeah Nana
testing out the new highchair what do
you think
yeah I'm hilly anywhere Washington comes
off - this is really done really like I
know this thing is really really cool
yeah and this will come off but all I
can't just like pick it off which the
other one had a tray that goes on top of
it and usually get it off
well that but it usually had a tray on
top of the tray he would just lift it up
and like throw it as hot and they're
good like this tray thing is not coming
yeah he can't like kick it off push it
off and this thing I can just pop off
like this and go clean it and then after
kids win yours they actually sent this
to us just for the heck of it so thank
you kids land us a shout out to them
yeah I believe it we needed one because
our old one was poop yeah great what
should be put there there we go look at
how long you look so cute it's much like
lower down he's not as happy
really one it's definitely not as high
as the other ones but I don't need it to
be high he just needs to be able to eat
with a tray or eat at the table with us
it's really nice I'm so thankful for it
huh we're just been hanging out with the
fam and guess why our little fishies
still doing good doing good how are you
doing in there giving him his day he
says he said much money he says my name
is hashtag I want to name him hashtag I
don't want any my mom hash tagging you
can call him for us and now all I can
call him whatever hi Suraj boom - OH
hashtag moose yeah we haven't really
made a decision yet but maybe we'll both
name it is this a good impression
looking at he like you talking about me
he's so pretty I know and he's doing
good I'm surprised because you never
know what fish's sometimes they just die
but he's doing really good huh
ja um also I want to show you guys
what's going on out here so we had our
pool fix yesterday finally got to swim
in it which by the way anytime we go in
or out we have to be super quick with
the store because there's fly it's fly
season right now you guys in it is
sucking all right here you want to go
out let you go out look at the pool it's
finally a little bit cleaner it's a
little cloudy but I feel like it's gonna
get a heck of a lot better and the water
just feels great carmine you gonna jump
in come on jump in let's get him
something to jump after give me the ball
give me the ball drop the ball carbide
drop the ball drop it come here come on
all right you ready you ready oh there
you go he's happy to have his little
play area back karma is in this pool
like all the time he'd be in the pool
24/7 if we let him wouldn't we
what about the big ball will he catch
this ball
let's see you ready get it get car no oh
man but yeah Sunday hanging out with
family I'm gonna get the grill going so
we can throw steak chicken green beans
all that good stuff see you fit I'm
always so afraid to turn this on and
like have it all all the gas be gone but
it's working yeah yeah it's really dirty
right now too
let's take this off I love grilling out
here you guys perfect spot look at this
it is a little cloudy today I think
there's like a hurricane or something in
Mexico you guys heard about this
hurricane in Mexico coming so it's
making it kind of windy and cloudy but
it's still 105 degrees out here I kid
you not come on car come on are y'all
done are you on that come on
so yeah oh he just shook on me and got
me wet son mmm all he's getting a little
snack still he's like he's like not
gonna stop eating he really no I want a
guard we got in some orange too yeah
does he like the oranges yeah George's I
got those last week at the market and I
never opened them for yeah we forgot now
he's taking them to work that's good
yeah
oh you should double yummy
we have lots of oranges so anyway that's
what's going on guys how about this
little window into our life what do you
guys think 10 minutes of unedited
voyeurism it's like they're looking
through that window right now at us how
do you feel about that
I feel fine about it and it might be
more boring sometimes we're just sitting
here what do you guys think do you think
we're boring anyway um give this video a
thumbs up because you want to if you're
hungry and throw all this food on the
grill we're gonna eat and we'll see you
guys tomorrow don't eat it raw oh yeah I
know Polly what's on you it's attached
get it off
he's so mad right now get it off
Oh in full-on tantrum mode yeah
