look who we found you guys it's Olaf he
likes warm hugs amazing things good
morning fishy
hey hey fishy did you sleep good last
night you need a little home I did see
that last night he swam in there and he
just sat inside there like all night he
actually slept fishes actually sleep you
guys that's weird
he's so majestic though I literally just
find myself staring at him and this bull
just swimming around doing his thing
look at him look at him coming up for
his close-up you guys eat that food I
did notice that he's not eating anything
yet and the instructions on the food
said he will actually eat three times a
day so I don't know if it's just he's
got to get used to his new environment
and surroundings and stuff before he can
feel comfortable but I'm about him but
I'm hungry cold pizza yo go away I'm
turned down for what turn down for cold
pizza love me some cold pizza and I'm
drinking one of these little miracles I
got to find out where to get these
because these are my last ones I've
literally gone through like four cases
of them but they're so good in the
morning because they have lots of energy
like you you have lots of energy huh
hello oh hi
he's seriously no he stood up and the
entire blanket was on top of them Oh
baby ghosts good morning buddy
that was Karma say good morning to see
you say good morning ooh close enough do
you want to say good morning to your
fishy look at that let's say good
morning to your fish look at him in
there swimmin oh you want to feed him
grab it no it's right there here you go
got it grab the food here
got it in his hand I'll put it in the
bowl perfect you just faked your fishy
you're so smart
yeah okay look at him look at him right
there look at him right there you see
you did you good job buddy
are you eating anything you don't want
to eat do ya you put all my stuff away
I leave this bathroom always a mess and
I need to stop because actually I'm
thinking I'm gonna move some of my stuff
back into the other bathroom because
it's just kind of annoying having two
pastors to clean I actually did move my
makeup and then all the lights up there
on the in the other bathroom are out all
of them kind of close this and I'm
actually writing their address today
check it out got another dress on I
actually like this one it's kind of cute
it's kind of like super kind of like I
feel like it's turned old I don't know
I'm actually wearing a necklace as well
that Heidi while they were napping got
me it says Oliver and she actually got
this for me or Oliver his birthday which
I thought was really sweet
Ollie sounds like he is getting upset I
think he's pretty hungry oh I have to
pick out an outfit for him too well guys
the pool got fixed today look it's
actually running it's still very green
the pool guy said if we get in it today
it'll basically turn any bathing suit
that we take in it white because there's
so much bleach and chemicals in the
water right now it acted like it wasn't
working for like three months but it was
three days but it's so hot it's 106 out
today you guys so it got really really
hot this thing's just gonna probably run
for the rest of the day and hopefully by
tomorrow they'll be nice and clean and
we can have a nice little barbecue out
here oli loves his fishy
he just means it's the cutest thing
what's it doing your he logged it mom
I want to name it something that he can
say maybe like if we call it Bruce big
boosts and you'll call it boosts yeah or
like guilt what do you want to call it
oh you want to give it your binky he's
experimenting with the Bing bar today
I don't know I just thought let's try it
out
Bali what's on you it's attached get it
off
he's so mad right now get it off I win
full-on tantrum mode yeah just get it
off just get it off oh man today is
outlander day it's basically hashtag out
when today Islanders on tonight I've
been really looking forward to this
episode although next week is the one
I'm really been looking forward to I
can't wait for that one but this week's
gonna be a really good one too she's
been watching and listening to the
podcast at the same time so she can
listen to the director like talk about
what she's watching she's real it's
really kind of crazy and funny tweet
about it and then what happened
Outlander stars favorited the tweet
about me watching a later and the
pockets of the same guy that guy in the
cars was watching you blog I was like
WTF what is she doing you guys don't
know this because I deleted the clip
because of how embarrassed I was but
someone was laughing at me yesterday
while I was vlogging like laughing at me
and you're gonna decide if it was
someone who watches you or if they were
just like really yeah either they were
watching us going oh my gosh that's miss
and she's vlogging right now or she just
had no idea who I was but if I was
somebody who had no idea who you were
and just thought you look crazy totally
couldn't but if you are that person who
knew who I was and you were laughing I
mean that was me
we're going and uh Toys R Us and it is
effing hot how did that look at the Sun
you guys OMG look at all the Lego oh my
gosh every time I come in here I always
want to buy something Missy let's get
Olivia this
I'll put it together for her hey guys
you have a thumbs up the vlog head what
are you wait what are you crazy in look
who we found you guys it's Olaf he likes
warm hugs
really I don't know I think this is cool
look what we found you guys Goldie Blox
we're thinking about getting this for
Olivia like old enough for it but it's
ages 49 yeah and I just think it'd be
really cool for like her parents to do
with their even you know this thing
working because I just dropped it hard
onto the pavement punch yeah so we're
actually headed to Olivia's birthday
party Chuckie Cheese we're gonna have
some fun picture
pretty good I'll buy your tickets a lot
of tickets
21000 hops not too bad
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah it'd be
definitely winning
okay would you get more balls in me
I'll let you gotta go say happy birthday
till it is all he wants to say happy
birthday happy birthday live look at
Olivia with her little crown - smashing
that cupcake Ali are you playing with
her scooter he thinks he can ride this
razor scooter but do you think you can
do these things
Ali but you just can't all right guy we
had such a fun day today night painting
I know tell your stuffed animals say
night-night oh she always looks up when
he knows it's night night because he
knows I like to turn on the lights then
they are you can barely see him though
huh yeah you like that huh that is his
favorite thing ever
bed times at night times have been going
so awesome I'm so happy I feel like he's
definitely just been like a trouper
about the whole weaning process and has
been like yeah mom it's time huh it's
time he's actually got a little bottle
we're not bottle but sippy cup of milk
and he's just gonna cuddle with me
before you go this and lays down what I
did the green beans and the chicken a
little spicy spicy all right guys we
just finished watching Outlander and it
was so good there's two episodes left
until the break which sucks normally
when I watch shows it's like Netflix and
you can watch like 20 episodes at a time
right Missy yeah case in point the
office there was like six seasons out
and we watched so many episodes of the
office it was ridiculous let me know in
the comments if you guys are watching
Outlander or reading out a lot of people
are reading it now Missy because of you
I'm not cool karma is eyeing the river
Dickie rubber ducky you're so fine you
want it good catch but anyway I'm gonna
go ahead and end today's vlog we had a
really fun day I hope you guys did too
click thumbs up if you enjoyed the video
and we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
Oh garma you look at this buddy
this is your new pet your new pet fish
how cool is that what do you think about
it is he cool
