hey guys all right I'm gonna start it
works bad look this is our son baby
boys she's gonna do amazing things
good morning and happy Sunday
Oliver is already down for his nap he's
been sleeping for a while and we are off
today for my cousin Jessica's at a party
so we're heading over there then getting
ready and doing stuff and actually I'm
going to show you my little outfit so
I've run this off in a couple times but
it's just like a white top with this
cute little skirt that's high-waisted
and then it comes right to like mid
thigh I'm going to like it and just got
my hair at a side braid which is really
just easy and then I want to show you
guys some of the cool makeup I just got
I don't know if all of you guys really
care about this but I thought I'd just
show you some cool stuff that I picked
up when I went to Sephora I love bare
minerals and I think it's definitely got
its place maybe for like more casual day
but I just felt like I needed something
new something a little bit more fresh so
I picked up a ton of you make up some
stuff I already used in the past but I
did my whole new makeup today and I
really like it I can't say whenever I do
new makeup I get really like
self-conscious about how I look because
sometimes it can be a little bit like
shockingly different he's definitely got
a lot more like colors and stuff on my
face and also tell me if you like it but
I am a little bit like nervous about it
so at first I've got a urban decay naked
skin which I love this is a foundation
Ulta actually just opened up by us and
this is a Ulta minerals powder
foundation that I kind of just lightly
put over some of it I also picked up
some lorac tantalizing baked bronzer
picked up a concealer that what this is
yeah
oh this this Hough is really cool it's
Urban Decay's eyeshadow primer potion
and it's like really shimmery and pretty
to put on your eyes I also picked up
this it's a Maybelline just like eye
palette that was gonna like it coz my
mom got it and I really liked it on her
but I don't think I really liked it on
me
anyways this is old I also picked up
some cool brushes I'm not sure I'm a
huge fan of them either just cuz they
feel very like um plasticky and I don't
know I like this brush I didn't really
like the foundation brush but yeah I
just got like this little kiss by real
technique
and I got it also at Alta and it's kind
of cool because it like closes up and
holds all my brushes anyways we just
been getting ready I'm waiting for all
you to wake up from his nap and then
we're off to a barbecue 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
9 10 11 12 12 things you throw on the
floor and I've been I've been performing
a little bit of a test to see how like
how much would you really throw on the
floor if I didn't pick it up nothing of
mine
Missy's testing me and apparently I
failed I only brought it up today -
let's let's do another counting game
shall we yeah let's do another kind of
game shall we
1 2 3 4 5 6 14 pairs of clothes ok ok ok
ok ok
that's just a part of marriage right in
marriages you test each other out of
love not out of spite so much clothes
nothing in line she's gonna keep
reminding me of that
speaking of cleaning I literally had the
kitchen clean spotless last night this
is all from this morning and from
lunchtime that is ridiculous so now I
gotta do this real quick he's moving
Holly can you hear me
good morning hey cutie pie you guys I
don't know if you guys saw the way he
was waking up but he sticks his butt in
the air and then like lifts up like that
it's the funniest thing hey cutie look
at all this mane
oh my gosh that is gone
healthy hair he's like what do you think
you're doing this is just some BB
styling cream
really yeah I just like what are you
doing oh wait what are you gonna do with
it I'm just gonna like brush it okay I
gotta get it all in there first see its
face we get your hair done he's got some
major hey get some big volume no no okay
show the world show the world who you
are you look like a little 50s baby
oh nothing in there not for you I don't
know where'd it go
I kind of was whisked out and I decided
not to do the dishes but just fixed it
up sometimes I just don't really feel
like doing the dishes all the way so I
just kind of cleaned it up which it
looks a million times better so that's
good all are you right you got miss
cheeks
you got cheeks are we taking cheeks with
us yeah how about you go get Mickey I've
been trying to teach him who Mickey is
he hasn't quite figured it out hi he
literally is always talking Brian
once he can actually say words he's
gonna talk more than we do yeah it's
gonna be so cute yeah look at the
birdies
we're doing really cute hummingbirds we
actually get hummingbirds a lot if you
have like the right stuff out and
they're so cute and tiny and small and
adorable and we actually search that out
why haven't we set one up we just left
our cousin's birthday party and we don't
really vlog just because it's kind of
like a small family get-together kind of
thing he probably had gone a little date
tonight I'm taking you out Brian thanks
brownie points
yeah all those brownie points added up
to a date before we leave Ollie with my
mom we're going to hang out with him a
little bit and have let him out a little
fun our kitty cat good okay I don't know
but they are interesting are you excited
to see the duckies I'm walking backwards
so I'm probably gonna fall on my butt oh
look who's here who's that someone just
handed us a random thing a bride we were
like okay is that white when a duck babe
yeah is the white one I doubt it's a
duck
why I just thought maybe it's a goose
duckies boy
I hear you got like green and blue in
him a month now check out the hairstyle
on this duck yo he's got a little poof
going on that is cool I love our car
seat you guys it is so easy to swap so I
just pulled it out of our Prius put it
in Mimi and Papa's Prius now Mimi a Papa
I gotta take Ali to our house and
they're gonna watch him while missing I
go on a little date night plus we have
stars and this is mom really wants to
watch Outlander and she can't watch the
house I think she's gonna get caught up
hot out there so it's a win-win for
everyone
all right always headed off with Mimi
and Papa there you go make sure you
strap it in really tight okay wait yeah
there you go you should be safe that's
safe right that's a legal hey you look
safe enough okay with uncles arms around
hands yes put your arms around okay now
you're good okay okay you guys take care
of him thank you just like that we are
kid this kid yeah kid 'la is that word
Kilis Kidman childless I don't know I
don't know Missy D need a pair of pants
do you need a drink McDonald I don't do
you need a fountain I do oh you need a
drink get a drink of water I dare you to
drink some of that water
oh we were headed into here puffs tanks
I got the misters going cuz it's nice
outside so we're gonna get some dinner
and have a nice little date night yeah
you're gonna see a movie
hey the girls say I move sorry did I
push your boobie Missy's boobs are
really sore because she's trying to wean
so every time I bump into them she's
like yeah she's like starts crying we
just ate Missy's got a fortune what to
say next Tuesday will be
one of tests and Clemens right surprises
that's Tuesday yeah mark that on your
calendar
okay
you will receive happy news by phone
within the week on Tuesday
maybe what's happening on Tuesday Sims 4
comes out on Tuesday who's calling me
though I'm saying if you're not in my
contacts I will not answer I get phone
calls all the time and I just don't
answer sir
hopefully it says happy news come and
call from happy news I against any boys
I'm sorry guys we just made it home we
had an awesome evening and we watched
that movie if I stay and that was pretty
sad yeah did you cry I always get
everyone in the entire audience was yeah
but I really it was a good movie though
I enjoyed it
my mom and dad just left and they put
all over to bed and the it's not to die
oh there we go
this Instagram video that can oh my gosh
I'm hoping I can repost it
yeah seung-ki he's had Dansby riders
ochio I finished told me since I was
like send that to me cuz I'm dying okay
my mom actually rocked Oliver to sleep
which is so awesome because not very
many people can do that just so happy to
hear that she was able to like comfort
him and it's just nice to know that I
can rely on her also by the way I just
got a video up on my channel and it was
a pain in the butt to get up we just had
tons of technical difficulties I was
supposed to have a video up on Wednesday
and then before that I was sick so I
didn't get videos up then so it's just
been hell on my channel but I think
we're good to go and so I just got a
video posted today so go check it out I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog give it a
thumbs up if you did and we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye so he's good he got
his bathroom time but we're for peace
man yeah he actually was able to handle
it so he was fine he didn't die so now
we're actually headed to Sephora in here
because looking for some new makeup I'm
kind of
irritated at the makeup that I have for
