we go don't get scared okay turning it
on that boy is gonna do amazing things
hey guys guess what time of the week it
is twin skull you ready put that hair
dude good swim in its time good morning
guys just came outside and while that
was off must have been very windy
yesterday but oh my gosh I feel so good
out here but look at this you guys this
is so sad our pool is so disgusting
I guess the filter hasn't been running
for a past couple days cuz some wires
like melted or chipped or something but
who guys coming over fix that so we
can't run the pool and that's why it
looks like this yeah look at this to you
guys do you see these little orange
balls this tree keeps dropping these
annoying orange balls oh my gosh and
actually there's a ton of bees I was
gonna come over here and like knock it
down and throw them all away because I
don't want them to get into the pool and
mess with the vacuum oh my gosh
those things are crazy look at all them
bees totally bummed that the pool looks
like this it's gonna be a hot weekend
and I want to swim Ollie you have so
many toys so many toys that are even out
right now okay he's got a phone he's got
Pluto gorilla broomstick this cool
little teether and you want to play with
the gatorade bottle I don't know why
he's always loved plastic bottles it's
the weirdest thing this could be like
your new iPhone six-plus actually this
is probably this is probably the size
that the iPhone 6 plus
to be granted it will be much much
thinner but yeah look at that I'm gonna
talk on the phone let's call your friend
oh it's ringing
guess what this guy actually went to bed
without Nursing and he slept great so I
actually got a video done which was
awesome and then actually woke up I just
got like this burst of energy and um
I've been like cleaning like crazy so um
these rooms have just been kind of like
really messy for since we like moved in
basically I just like got it decent I
guess you can say and then I didn't do
anything else I've been going through
his clothes getting rid of a lot of his
um 9-month clothes he's in this really
wood stage where he isn't quite 12
months which is funny cuz he's 13 months
but he's not quite nine months so he's
like right in this middle of nine months
12 month clothes I got rid of most of
his 9 meant clothes though I just went
for it but we're getting there ah
Oliver that's exactly what I didn't want
you to do I'm super out of breath
because I've been cleaning and running
around like crazy but yeah actually
there's been like these two big black
bags since we moved in it was like a
huge bag of baby blankets and I finally
put those away
and all these been doing all kinds of
help are you helping you help mama they
can't let me just push this over for you
okay dude I got a turn on the vacuum
cleaner stay away from the stairs okay
here we go don't get scared
okay turning it on
why do that okay Jeff I'm get okay this
is the vacuum Fair needs a stick
hi guys I am working on next week's baby
League episode
can you guess what it's about baby
League for me has really kind of been
like a full-time job consumed a lot of
my time just in the planning and the
writing and the filming in the recording
in the editing it's a lot of work so
honestly I want your guys's opinions
do you guys like the videos that we're
putting out on baby Lee it's a series
called look who's vlogging daily bumps
at this point I don't know like I feel
like there should be another one of me
like a clone yeah I need to amis to get
everything that I want to accomplish
done editing this video it's very
intense it has sound effects as music it
has dialogue it has transitions it's
just kind of a mess of Clips right now
and I'm trying to make it work this fly
it's about to die dang it don't move
Ollie he's right around you there he is
I see him I see him stop moving I'm the
worst at killing flies but their effort
right okay
damn dang it dang it dang it you really
wants to try it yeah okay you can't
touch the horn Stig no kill kill
nope doesn't it okay oh wait wait did I
kill owner Sawa's limb wonder if that
was the big one
we did it all he's not in the best
system of it right now I just discovered
he's got a bit of a diaper rash so I
think that sucks seems to have clicked
how to go down the stairs I think he
figured it out so I want to see if he'll
do it for you guys okay come on oh look
at that
oh gosh I love it look at you you're
doing it come here
you're doin a good job yay high five
high five
yeah he's so good it like totally click
and he was like oh I'm gonna do it he
literally just did that for the first
time right before I've logged it he's
like alright fine I'll be a big boy and
do it huh yeah alright guys me and Ollie
are headed into target I'm gonna go do
some errands well Brian gets videos down
he's got tons to edit today but I'm
gonna go and try and find a monitor
because it's just like a cheap one
that's oh I can hear him cuz I'm just so
like nervous I'm barely even sleeping at
night off to do that this might be
necessary workout cute graphic okay if
it's got a tail and I have to get it ah
no tail alright guys I don't have to get
it so I think I might just grab this one
this is the summer baby wave video/audio
mom monitor the reason I like it is cuz
it says that it definitely filters out
background noise which he does have
white noise on in his room so that
doesn't worry me it's like this one
seems to be like the cheapest it's like
20 bucks but he doesn't say anything
about background noise and I don't know
I'm singing I'm probably just return it
anyways and students I get the cord to
the monitor which I did order so
hopefully that they said it'll take like
two weeks so so I definitely need
something in the meantime so I think I
get this one and maybe I'll be able to
return it later hey Ali yeah there you
go
here hiccup
pick up nigga I'm copying his hiccup ego
hey hiccup Hey yeah well guys I
completely failed I just finished
working and it's not dark outside so I
was really gonna like clean up this
guy's got poop everywhere I gotta clean
up I feel like that's the equivalent of
like working all day and then coming
home from work late I remember days
where I would work and I would come home
in the dark
I'd leave in the dark and come home in
the dark soft milkshake
Oh real original right take it upstairs
milk delivery
hey buddy y'all ready for bed were you
looking at the cool cool night hell's
new milks good you got a new what is
that why there this is the one you gotta
take it so yeah
Missy's doing the whole weaning thing
attempting to so she can do her surgery
so we've been giving him
whole milk at night we just warm it up a
bit so he wasn't drinking at first I
think he likes it warm at nights it's
very comforting for him so we just
finished dinner
I edited yet another video that's on
Missy's channel so go watch that because
it's a pretty important update she's
reading her book how's it going babe am
i bothering you and I've got one hour
and 20 minutes of destiny to get in so I
got that going and then it's iphone
pre-order time so that should be fun
babe it's at midnight yes so we can get
it I know I actually have another video
to edit we have to preorder it tonight
so you if you don't pre-order it within
the first 30 minutes on the Apple Store
which it says it's updating right now
you will not get it
that clunky you have to do it like three
o'clock in the morning yeah thanks junk
oh good morning hey you look so cute I
had to wake you up and tell you it's in
three minutes you guys look at this
three minutes I don't understand how
this happened refresh refresh refresh
refresh refresh it's midnight
one minute : just text me and said these
bitches better work it out quick okay
you guys it's 1202 right now
WTF iPhone 6 pre-orders 1210 and nothing
nothing at all every three seconds
refresh refresh refresh refresh he'll
even get dueled no dareth or bien put
now salons revenue urban and taut all
right guys update is 1240 a amp website
still down the Apple Store app was
working see it's working now I was able
to preorder Missy's phone through here
so she's gonna be getting a gold iPhone
6 64 gigabyte and I'm trying to do mine
but every time I do it says currently
unavailable it's not working and I want
it to work ah but anyway I'm gonna
figure this out let you guys know in the
morning what happens but if you enjoyed
this vlog get a big fat thumbs up
subscribe and we'll see you tomorrow hi
I dive into one and then also I'm
totally fascinated by this graphic novel
thing so I picked up the Hobbit cuz it
was a cool one that I saw over there and
it's basically like a graphic novel
they had a cool one for Outlander but
Missy did not like it
want to read it you were you it's a
