does that look fun you're next this is
our son baby this is a boy he's gonna do
amazing things
good morning it's a beautiful day in the
neighborhood
good morning karma car says good morning
give me all your bananas and waffles
please good morning buddy
mwah he's eating good this morning
eating them bananas and that waffle make
him these Kashi seven grain waffles just
one and we cut it all up and he loves it
eats the whole thing that's for me I
have been craving biscuits and gravy for
a couple days now so I got my bitch
bitch I go there's some shower we're
gonna get it going here we go
y'all ready for this I got to open this
and I know you all love to watch me open
this freaks me yeah it's coming I know
it's Calise dude it didn't do it oh and
we have biscuits ladies and gentlemen
check out this gravy you guys that
turned out perfect now I got to do is
add less sausage mix that all in there
nice dude it's like liquid gold right
here you guys you check out these
biscuits holy biscuit yo was that
supposed to be two biscuits did
accidentally cook two biscuits on top of
each other I may have accidentally
cooked two biscuits on top of each other
that's okay because it is now one skirt
and there we have it you guys biscuits
and gravy you know it's so funny how how
different breakfast is in other
countries like I saw this picture of an
English breakfast do you know they eat
beans in England with their eggs and
their
toasts and their ham and bacon and all
of these like beans that's really weird
for us cuz beans is like a Mexican thing
having it for breakfast is definitely
kind of weird but I'm knock it I'm not
gonna knock it unless I've tried it you
know cuz we all just do things
differently it's the beauty of the world
is we're all the same yet different hey
hey there what don't pull on my sugar
silly boy
ahh wipes it on me nom dissing gravy
he's like he nunna shelter you kinda got
it all over you buddy alright Scarface
you ready to go swimmin you're gonna
show art how you fall on your back
really good he's ready to jump in right
now almost so close actually got here
early today which means we have to wait
longer to get in which means there's
patience level is ah right here
here
no he said picking up 31 under those
good
all right back from the swimming and he
did such a great job today actually he
was able to float on his back for a
little bit longer than usual
no he just did really really good if
like he's getting more and more
comfortable on his back in the water so
that was really exciting to see she felt
really good she was like he's starting
to get to a point where we're going to
start like practicing really getting it
the feeling of him keeping himself
floating instead of us supporting him so
that's really really cool
did you have fun it to him we just got
to keep practicing in the pool yes
that's the best thing to do on Ojai
Karma you say hi to karma I mean quite
right this is me working at home in a
nutshell getting somewhere good on my
computer just made this delicious
southwestern salad and I got this little
boy hi what do you do come on in here
come on come on ollie
no he'll be back it's so funny too cause
like when I am in here working I mean he
knocks on my door I'll always let him in
and he runs up to me Hey
Hey right now he's playing you want to
come in come on in mm-hmm you know what
do you want to see you want to see
grumpy or tartar sauce there you go Oh
governor kisses all right thanks for
visiting look Oh like I said yesterday I
love working from home I love that I can
just have that interaction with him
throughout the day you know it's really
it's really cool beyond check out this
salad you guys I got a Southwest out
through some chicken cheddar cheese
tortilla strips beans all that good
stuff starving I have so much work to do
but I want to get done so we can have a
fun day today all right
it's time to go swimming actually that
is really loud I just got finished
watching The Great Gatsby I really like
that show actually it's very interesting
um let's see 100 degrees outside
whoa so it is a warm one BR definitely
gonna go hop in the pool
look there's a really really pretty
butterfly can you see it oh my gosh we
gotta find it it's a huge orange one
it is turn it get it where'd it go oh
there it is there it is there it is can
you see it hey what are you freaking out
about we have some really really cool
butterflies out here there's this one
butterfly it's really super big it is
yellow and it's literally been here
since the day we moved in and it comes
by every single day and it just like
says hi and then at least and I see it
every single day every time I come out
here my mom actually has a really
sentimental thing when it comes to
butterflies they mean a lot to her and
she sees him out here she's like hey a
butterfly and she gets really excited I
took his band-aid off you can see his
little scratch so its dad
still got that Gatorade bottle he's been
homeless thing for like ever now alright
guys you just got to the park and look
how excited all he is he's passed out
he was asleep I just woke about he's
exhausted already like guys I'm too
tired to go to the park
we're like tall people with our shadows
ollie is running straight toward this
park which I have to say is actually
really really nice good job babe she
scope this out on Google because we were
looking for a nice place we can take him
look at all these different things
that's kind of over here look at this
babe like what is this for
the spin oh it does indeed spin oh man
parks were not this cool when I was a
kid like what's this just a big ball
right in the middle of it they just
aren't no idea
I feel like your butt goes on the scene
maybe you should sit down just
frightened you're gonna fall my child
enjoy it's weird right
like I useful stuff and now you spend
posses like what are you doing you guys
does that look fun
you're next is the game yeah maybe we
have no idea
we have no idea someone tell us how this
thing works don't pee your pants
you didn't bring you a backup hair
you're good oh I'm gonna feel that
tomorrow
oh my gosh yep almost there ah I'll help
ya okay where's mommy don't get mommy I
don't think he's ever been on one of
these babe he's probably freaking out
yay he's so out of it all right ally
you're gonna race mama down the slide
come on it's okay
okay ready
slide over like that you ever had the
playground and you need a handy-dandy
conversion chart here's one for you
right here get some learning in real
fast it's got a little tunnel thing you
can climb up and gears
I always thought these were so fun when
I was little I'm about to get shot the
crap out of you ready for this oh oh oh
whoo got a little jolt of electricity
oh yeah this is familiar
he knows this we did you ready
hi baby Chicka Chicka Chicka Chicka
because I got a physical tickle today
yeah I'm good good do you guys ever play
that game
when you're on the swings of someone
he's literally like flying you guys he's
like leaning forward well Ollie has
found a new family he's joining those
people Missy's really good he clearly
wants to play with the soccer ball
snatched you guys see this tomato it's a
little tomato
it is like crazy he's been in the Sun
for maybe 10 minutes red though right
and it literally just that's just how he
is think it happened the first time we
thought it was a summer and we freaked
out and then as soon as he gets in some
air condition like he's good yeah but
like even if he's sitting in the car and
it's a little bit more his face will go
be red
why are you that why does that happen
look at this happy little baby you just
ate a ton of food just left sizzler hey
babe I'm just curious is um is there a
sign on our baby that says touch me
yeah apparently how many people touched
him like every single person I walked by
yeah touches his head his hands yeah
because he was waving at everyone so he
they just were like hi I decided that yo
one person literally just grab the top
of his head and just went like that and
I'm like you're touching my child why
are you doing that
all he is getting his bath is Mimi with
facetiming him I got the funniest vine
today if you guys didn't see I'll have
it linked below but you guys should
follow me on Vikes I put up funny stuff
there all the time I'm gonna tell you
what it is but you just have to go see
it because it's amazing and like it but
anyway I'm gonna go ahead and end
today's vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it
click thumbs up if you did and we will
see you tomorrow for another awesome day
hey happy Friday go do something fun
today guys
we'll see ya bye oh did you try it oh
how long has it been there two night oh
wait so you tried to give him a bottle
the other night and it didn't work a
little bit Hey
Oh wha you want more what's in your
mouth something you're not supposed to
have story in my life
