well hey guys this is us I'm Davey
boys taking to do amazing things how are
you guys this fine Monday is Sunday here
today and I'm not gonna lie it's pretty
dark outside already um and we'll I'll
talk a little bit about why it's dark
already and why I didn't say good
morning cuz even though we like to say
good mornings because technically the
ball goes up on the morning so even if
it's not morning for us we still say
good morning it's kind of funny but um
yeah we just been hanging out and taking
it easy today I want to show you guys my
dress because I feel like I look kind of
ridiculous in it but Brian loves it so I
wore it today but I feel kind of like a
box like look at it it's just like but
he like loves it and so I work from her
husband and he was very happy and I
guess that's all that matters huh
hey these Devon seeing you hey hi hey
honey
Allie hi Oh karma is always gonna say hi
to all got Olaf okay don't get too close
always been chasing him around and
giving him hugs and covers like running
from him it's quite hilarious and Ollie
laughs hysterically like is the funniest
thing in the world it's pretty fun huh
huh say hi huh did you see that I'm
pretty sure that you just bhakta said
okay we're just gonna we're gonna like
karma stay out there and you could play
with your toys okay is that okay okay um
but anyways I wanted to just um kind of
take today to relax and I thought it
would also just take a minute to talk to
you guys because today is actually was
kind of a hard day it's a day that I
don't really talk about very often huh
and so we wanted to just kind of take it
easy we did visit some friends um but we
also just wanted to you know not really
vlog a lot and just kind of spend time
together
if you don't know today September 7th
marks two years since I lost my
pregnancy at 20 weeks and my baby boy
and I was halfway through my pregnancy
and I was so excited to have this little
boy and I went in for anatomy scan and I
found out that he no longer had a
heartbeat and that I was to deliver him
stillborn the next day and it was
definitely just very it was very
difficult day and it's a really hard
thing that for me to talk about and
something that even now I'm having a
hard time finding the words to express
it to you but it's also interesting
because this happened and it also is why
we started YouTube I after it happened I
was like it was very like traumatizing a
very scary thing for a woman to go
through and I really wanted to you know
go onto YouTube and find other women
who've been through the same thing to
tell me that I'm not alone to tell other
people that they're not alone and I
found comfort through YouTube and but
you know at the same time I'm I am kind
of a private person when it comes to it
and I don't really talk about it a lot
and so it's interesting that the reason
we're on YouTube is because I wanted to
talk about it but now I don't really
talk about that much and it's honestly
because I just my personality isn't I'm
not a very like talkative person I don't
like to express a lot of feelings very
often and not because I mean they're
there and I have I grieve in my own way
but um I don't know I just it's
interesting and sometimes I feel really
bad because especially on a day like
this I feel like people are really you
know kind of expecting me to do
something you know and for me personally
like today was just kind of a day that I
wanted to spend with my family and and
relax and I'm not going to probably do
anything too big but I don't I didn't
really feel that knee last year we
actually did something really special
and it was definitely necessary
last year and this year just felt
different you know
and so sometimes I feel bad because I
feel like you know a lot of the women
that started you know watching me kind
of expect me to talk about it and you
know really express my feelings and so
sometimes I feel really bad because I
don't you know and that's not really how
I am and so I do want to say you know
I'm sorry to women that to the women
that watch me and or wanting me to do
something more you know but sometimes I
think every year will be different and
maybe some years I don't even really
talk about it and it's just something
that I deal with inside maybe some years
I do something special like make a cake
or light a candle and I think it's
really interesting how every woman
grieves very differently and some people
never ever want to speak about it and
that's honestly that's just how they do
it and some people they want to talk
about it and they want to truly express
it and it that's what helps them grieve
and I would definitely say I'm in the
middle of those spectrums I definitely
it's not it's something that definitely
happened and I'm you know I I don't hide
that but it's also something that I
don't always like to talk about so I
feel like I've been talking for a while
but I just felt like it was important to
help you guys understand how I'm feeling
today today is definitely hard I very I
remember very visually that day but yeah
at the same time it feels like a blur
which is really confusing but it's
something that there's like pieces of
that day that are very like engrained
into my brain and it's it would be
something I could never really like
share because it's so much but then
there's things that I barely remember
and it's just like it happened so fast
and it's it was really scary day but
what's amazing is that a few months
later I found out I was pregnant and by
a miracle I actually had this baby boy
ha loved her
are you Michael
and he honestly was a miracle because
you know that according to the doctors
the way my uterus is it was very
surprising that he was able to you know
make it to 37 weeks before he went into
distress and so it's pretty it's pretty
crazy how things happen in life come
here my love oh he is really honestly
all that matters
he's the man the kid that I just think
the world of huh while you're throwing a
little bit of a fit huh
okay I'm in pick you back up again huh
oh okay I just talked about how much of
a precious baby boy you are to me and
you're pulling my hair what do you have
to say about yourself you say I'm tired
huh damn tired um anyways I I don't
really know I just feel like I wanted to
kind of have a sit-down talk to you guys
about my feelings and you know how I'm
feeling today I'm okay I'm I'm happy I
have an amazing family I'm blessed
beyond belief
and um I've been had tragic tragedies in
my life um isn't it as well as many
others have and I you know have learned
how to deal with them and I've found my
own way of grieving with them and I hope
that there are other women out there who
can find you know their way sometimes I
think people struggle with how to grieve
and you know what you know they feel
like they they need to grieve a certain
way and I don't think there's a certain
way everyone doesn't differently and I
hope that there are women out there that
have found a way to do it by watching
our videos and
yeah
so anyways I better go I've been
rambling for a really really long time
and this kind of just turned into a one
take Brian's downstairs making dinner
for us huh gotcha pants huh
all right guys I better go before he
starts getting really upset but I hope
you somewhat found this vlog interesting
if you did go ahead and give it a thumbs
up if you didn't don't and we'll see you
guys tomorrow
for our regular vlog can you say bye bye
keep up bye oh you got a foot bye bye
say bye bye bye bye he's silly luck
what all right bye hey guys I know Missy
one ticked it for you today but I just
want to come on here and say a very big
thank you to you guys we got lots of
really awesome like Instagram comments
and tweets and and YouTube comments just
letting us know that you guys are
thinking about it so I really really
appreciate it you guys are just a huge
support system for us and um I love it
I love you guys thank you we'll see you
tomorrow right now you know that
yeah wonderful stemmer he's like I just
want to play this drum I like when they
use these bright green straws for some
reason what's happening to it is it
vibrating and lighting up that means
it's food time gone
he's already tomato faced is there a
tomato face we were out here for 20
minutes
