my fingers went from making out the
video this is our son baby boy there's a
new amazing things good morning guys
what a bee it's a beautiful day here in
sunny Southern California today is
actually the big day we're gonna have
our live chat on youtube.com slash baby
League so I'm running to grab some
breakfast they want to say to a lot of
people we're asking about an update
about the car it was really stanky it
was so stanky for like three days
straight it was just the steak yes thank
you ever did stank does that make sense
we cleaned it out obviously and we
grabbed one of these it's like a vanilla
thing that hangs on the thing right next
to zombie so zombie smells really good
right now
smells good smells like vanilla now
every time we get in the car which is
good I ain't complaining it's a lot
better than that poopy diaper smell and
understand why smell execs there's no
poopy diaper Enya ah life's mysteries
look at all this food we goat
we got ham biscuits and gravy I got this
thing called a Bananas Foster pancake
I've never heard of it but it sounds
good we got fruit hashbrowns this is got
bacon and french toast and I even got
you a Spanish hot chocolate I haven't
try it tell anything
oh hey I'm spicy spicy like like salsa
no is that what these spices Oh like I
don't taste any chocolate it's pretty
cool though because the breakfast place
had like a full barista thing so I
actually got this weird mocha thing and
this has like Ghirardelli chocolate
Spanish chocolate two shots of expresso
tired um I'm gonna need it today
oh it's actually really really good I
never drink like warm coffee but every
time I do I really enjoy it also
sometimes it makes me a little gassy we
got Amy from baby Lee kicks for getting
ready to do our live chat all of us
having trouble warming up but as long as
he's watching himself he's good our kids
pulled himself how do you feel like that
you created I know right
look at all these people saying hey you
all know you guys all know our greeting
is officially hey ah look at that that
is so cool so we are right now live on a
baby league we've just been going over
some questions doing trivia and stuff
having a ton of fun with you guys so oh
here they all hate from Georgia hate
from Canada look at all these people
Ollie is saying bye to Amy and my mom
and my sister and he doesn't want to see
that say bye hey Ollie ollie
did you see it bye bye you sad to see
them go you like it when they visit they
come back this kid is so ready for now
we just got done with the live chat
which went really really good if you
guys didn't check it out gave away some
really awesome prizes and it was a lot
of fun and we trended for a little bit
how's school so now this hid I had like
this perfect plan where he was going to
wake up at 7:30 and be awake for a
couple of hours and then take a nap and
be up right before the live chat and
then he'll be happy happy happy all
through the laptop well that didn't work
at all I woke up at 8:30 he still passed
like he's just a very very good sleeper
apparently and now this kid is so ready
for a nap you're so ready huh are you so
ready to sleep so don't pass out right
here and maybe I'll take a nap - because
I'm even tired
you want to see a night item mr. Kuhn
right here enjoy your stuffed animals
you say night-night yeah just out
running some errands but I just want to
say again thank you guys so much that
love on that live chat that was insane
we trended lwv live on an at its peak it
was being tweeted at 4,500 tweets an
hour that is insane the power of you
guys still just amazes me sometimes I am
just so blown away so thank you so so so
much it's a beautiful day and we're
actually gonna be meeting some friends
later tonight for a birthday dinner I
was actually just listening to Eden song
by Shaylee and David no matter what we
feel la-da-da the song is so good you
guys go check it out on iTunes
a fellow vlogger Shaylee and her husband
David wrote the song for the little girl
and I literally play it all the time
whenever I'm feeling down or like need
inspiration I play this song and they
just got it on iTunes check it out
download it you're gonna love it your
kids are gonna love it eat in song by
David and Shannon Muir it's on iTunes
now what are you doing what are you
doing what is this
I'm obsessed again my little tech girl
gamer nerd geek wife hottie with a body
with a controller Judy with a controller
cutie with a controller I just
trademarked that were you playing Pigman
I started it over yeah did you beat it
the first time actually not really I
feel like I feel at this whole game I
started
we're not kicking butt well yeah because
you played it before it is your
basically cheating Messi uh-oh Missy all
your pick you have all your Pikmin no
you only have 29 out of 30 no Missy go
back and get it Missy that Pikmin
deserves to live you are a Pikmin killer
let's squish paper town like I'm hating
you finger quit from making out the
video today Oh Holly what is that you
have what's in your mouth what are you
doing with that what are you doing with
that he woke up from his nap you guys
and I kid you not this was on the ground
it was like I was on the ground it was
like with a bunch of stuff and he just
picked it up and he put it in his mouth
he doesn't used a pacifier in like six
months seven months watch out for this
kid he's got his brush his pacifier he's
taking on the world right
what are you doing he's brushing his
hair how amazing is that
is that amazing I'm gonna no it's not
like a huge thing or anything but I mean
you guys watched him you know on the day
he was born
like literally seconds after he was born
and to watch him go from that to like
the kid he is now I think that's amazing
especially though he just put it in his
mouth what are you doing with that what
are you doing with that no you're done
using those you can use that in months
oh my gosh I just got up from my nap and
we had to rush of the house because we
actually have plans cuz we my it's my
cousin's birthday today
I love taking us but I think my much
just a little bit too long cuz now I'm
just got like that bursting headache I
feel like I'm gonna I feel like shaky
like I just enter yeah it knocked me
good but you take it too far then you're
just done you know how we always say
when Oliver is napping you get so much
done yeah I got so much done when you
were napping
I have to watch you or play with you or
entertaining Holly's going ham back so
apparently we are the worst vloggers in
the world because we're out to dinner
and we left the camera in the car
oops hi guys Rob dinner for this dudes
birthday right here swishes head
ah okay look at Missy is totally my
saving grace right now no don't move
don't move okay
so she has to sit like this but if she
doesn't ah better uh better can you say
that the whole time yeah not like
sitting on one butt cheek like how are
you sitting on one butt cheek how is
that helping it Olivia I heard that you
were always number one fan is that true
do you love Ollie he loved watching his
show the truth is this girl watches
Ollie's oakley's blogging episodes like
every single day huh yeah mine every
single day every single day yeah so I
think she was expecting him to talk
today are you expecting him to say
something yeah put it over his head
Olivia there you go where's Ollie
put it over his head where dolly go
there it is not very amused Izzy look
how cute this is
uh-oh are you guys buddies for life yeah
oh look at all three yeah are you making
them hold hands
Olivia dancing oh my gosh
kids are too cute when they're all
together huh what are you doing down
there come
they just started walking right in here
this is the air-conditioned portion but
it's all cleared out thankfully come on
come on come on there you go
follow them how's the chair I swear
Missy is putting Oliver to bed and I'm
chilling in my office we're gonna go
ahead and end today's vlog but I hope
you guys enjoyed it click thumbs up if
you did
hey ah the link below in description go
follow me on Twitter I'm so close to
20,000 Twitter followers so if you're
not following me on Twitter it's where I
basically post a lot of stuff about the
vlogs if you know they're gonna be late
and I interact with you guys all day so
I love doing that so go ahead and follow
me on Twitter now that you've watched
today's video go outside and go do
something fun go play in the grass or or
or the sprinklers or something while you
can because summer's almost over it's
almost over you guys trying to soak it
all and enjoy it while it's here
basically that's what life is all about
enjoying what you have while you have it
thank you guys we'll see you tomorrow
bye look at that swimming juice with me
I'm really afraid to
every time I get there like oh it's cold
the water isn't necessarily cold it's
just that it since it's so windy that it
like makes the outside really cold Wow
