and brother oh he's naked he's just
right behind there so it's fine this is
a sunbae me
the boys do amazing things
eat it eat the remote mom all right you
Jeffrey
good morning buddy
morning ollie he's still not feeling too
well dang right now man we have some
cartoons on Cloudy with a Chance of
Meatballs and we just made a breakfast
so we got eggs and hash browns and
cooked up some bacon never we hardly
ever make bacon but then I saw bacon so
I was like why we ever make bacon bacon
is probably one of like the worst meats
for you but it's oh how out that's
freaking hot it's really hot babe what
you told me you didn't want any you were
very wrong we gave me some bacon yes how
much do you want more I would like more
actually not a big bacon person but this
like if it's just like this but not yeah
it looks perfect
I don't like it like what's good round
steak her Sunday morning breakfast
doesn't look amazing all he had
breakfast but he would hardly eat any of
it
we made you a good breakfast and you
hardly ate any of it thank you for that
I appreciate it hey guys I don't know
where to look I look at myself wrote you
so weird I just got done getting ready
and always taking out fortunately I
think that he is just really not feeling
very well today we have like a ton of
stuff going on and there's just no way I
just don't really want to leave the
house with him not feeling very well so
instead we're gonna have like a little
barbecue with my mom and have her come
over because he loves it when she comes
over and my dad okay I just did it again
so funny I always say like with my mom
like my dad is right there - I don't
know why I don't say my mom and dad
maybe it's just too much for me to say
but I'm always just like I'm going to my
mom's house but it
my mom and dad's house and I'm gonna
hang out my mom usually have my mom and
my dad so I don't know why I do it
because I love my dad I just he is
always gone at the same time so
sometimes it is just my mom and or he's
like sleeping or whatever so I always
refer to it but I just did it is now I'm
gonna have barky with my mom my mom and
my dad and my whole family is coming
over so anyways we're just gonna hang
out and swim and stuff like that doing
my hair getting ready you know it's
really funny check this out
we got back forever ago and I still
haven't unpacked like it's a fail pretty
much haven't unpacked any of my clothes
I really really need to but I will maybe
I'll do that right now I'm going to try
and clean up right now like clean my
room
and I just put the suitcase away so you
can't see it anymore
I gotta go get cleaned up downstairs
Ali's still napping which is always good
as long as he's not being the more stuff
I can get done you know what I mean been
getting the house all spick-and-span
clean look at you two flowing my office
I know and um here may be Ali's cry and
so I think he is awake let's see okay
got a little group of uh stuffed animals
there good morning ollie pants hey guy
how's it going hey dude you for your
beauty beauty mmm are you feeling a
little better
we're gonna have some family come over
and they all want to cuddle and hug you
and stuff but you can get them sick okay
the rooms a mess kid you need to clean
your room I want H two kids start
cleaning their room he needs to get on
it he need to send some business emails
yeah send some business emails get those
brand contracts make that money you do
it look at this Cookie Monster outfit I
just put a bed come here let's see that
someone just sent us this I'm assuming
they're from Amsterdam because yeah we
got a lot of really cool Amsterdam stuff
it's a little bit big but you're like no
Co I'm actually a Cookie Monster Cookie
Monster ya see that yeah high five to
ten is not to mention he's he's okay
this is watching Ellie and Jared and I
am just getting a nice glass of whoa
what is that what is this thing it's
like all metal and shiny and oh it's new
it's actually pretty interesting so this
is one of the sponsors for the live chat
tomorrow on baby league and they sent us
this really cool machine it's like a
water filtration machine and its got
like a reserve of water and you just
push that button and then filtered water
comes out
filtered water you want them nice dry
buddy are you looking for cookies no
cookies you want some rice yeah is he
actually responding to me Missy hey you
want some rice mmm no you don't like
that rice right we got my sister and
brother oh he's naked he's just right
behind there so it's fine honey
um anyway she's not naked and we're
gonna go swimming right now and Oliver
is helping daddy sweep the Heath is he
helping you're not helping oh oh come on
let's go swimming we're gonna jump in
this nice pool although um it's not very
warm out this thing says 90 so it's not
like terribly hot but it's definitely
nice and so we're gonna go swimming I
was like come on guys where's nice jump
on an we have so much food ready for
tonight you guys we have potatoes that
have this yummy sauce stuff that we're
going to roast them with and then we got
tons of green beans cuz mrs. family
loves these green beans tons of corn
crazy ton of corn and we're gonna grill
chicken tonight sucky thing is is I'm
like really low on seasonings because I
use these things a lot I just love
different seasonings if you guys have
any seasoning suggestions like a like a
brand in a kind to try it like a certain
store tell me because I love all
different kinds of seasonings it's a fun
way to get messy to try new things too
so
thank you look at them swimming juice
with me I'm really afraid to every time
no one gets in they're like oh it's cold
water isn't necessarily cold it's just
that it since it's so windy that it like
makes the outside really cold Holly tell
me the truth are you cold
Holly look at me no oh you're gonna make
me fall and okay hang on hang on all
right forget it drop the camera give it
up
hold your feet you can stand right here
you literally about to hold your breath
yeah see you're fine
I'm scary weird it actually isn't that
bad what do you think of the cold the
water the waters always good the comma
okay Holly what do you think it's
barbecue time and Oh always getting
green beans dang just spit somebody
still eating them but just been a bunch
Alan but yeah we've got you have enough
food you delicious green beans potatoes
chicken corn and even some pasta in
there
it looks delicious how's it taste
amazing hokey things
what's the official one of these calls
what's the official name for these come
on Anders court okay okay yeah it all
looks really really good so we're gonna
start digging it we had to make a pile
of green beans because everyone seems to
like even cat well go Grebe's have guys
oh you're gonna eat them the potatoes
are really good
I'm putting sir oh really hey oh my god
young boom great you ready to eat let me
get some butter karma is guarding the
dinner table for us there's another dog
over there all you've eaten almost that
entire thing of corn that corn was not
touched when I do it do it so it was a
completely booked at all that dang well
he likes corn we know that yeah on the
one too so I'm gonna go ahead and end
today's vlog we had a really great day I
hope you guys had a great day too but
I'm super exhausted and I have to add it
today's Monday for you guys I'm not
looking forward to Monday okay hey guys
you're watching click those up I don't
even know how to end a video anymore
I don't know baby I guess what I'm
trying to say is we'll see you tomorrow
I don't buy it got me a long time ago
it's a journal there will be a little
bit of a emo diary in here just a little
bit that's why I used opening what I
read it hahaha
any batteries look it's my wedding dress
so I ready dressed in there and then
this was my veil look I'm
