holy moly son baby boy is gonna do
amazing things they say reporting okay
good morning everyone
me and Ollie got up this morning and we
are headed actually to my mom's house
because she's getting ready to move
which is really exciting
although I don't know exactly when it's
happening I did pick her up a ton of
boxes I actually have a lot of stuff in
the garage still that it's either like
really really old stuff that I probably
just need to get to the Goodwill or
stuff that like is Oliver's that I'm not
using right now and I just was like oh
that was it later but now that she's
moving I gotta like start going through
all all that stuff good morning guys I'm
getting ready for the day and look what
I just found
I've so okay first of all if you don't
know I have so many v-necks I actually
have two being accidentally bought the
same exact color and style of v-neck
like I have so many I don't even know
which ones I have anymore
yay how about that how would that you
guys think I'm all ready for the day now
you guys remember the stairs how many of
you guys remember this house it's so
funny cuz we still come here I'm
actually setting up all over the room
which still has a lot of his things in
here even has monkeys but all of his
monkeys are still all in here I haven't
really done anything with them but I'm
gonna go ahead and set up his playpen
he's gonna take a nap and his old room
it's not funny and it's actually really
nice in here and it gets really dark
watch hmm oh hey you're in auntie's room
I'm mad she's like just so morning hey
are you ready take your egg on a night
so tenable oh my god careful did you say
9i that August all her stuffed animals
he said good night to the Frog oh and
Smurf haha did you say night-night
enough smelly first of all I'm not going
down I so you're crazy
it's got a little playpen I even set up
his monitor and it's looking right down
at him so I'm hoping you take snap
here's to hoping so I am working on my
computer and I've been like getting
things already because if you guys don't
know on Monday the 25th we're gonna be
doing a live chat at noon on youtube.com
slash baby League and that's noon
pacific standard time it's the first
live chat we've ever done there and I'm
really really excited there's like a ton
of people who have already RSVP'd which
i think is really cool if you guys want
to RSVP check out the link below in the
description and if you guys want to make
sure you you are gonna see it
go to youtube.com slash baby League and
subscribe I'll have a link below so you
can subscribe really easily as well so
you don't miss it but we're gonna be
doing some really cool like trivia
portion just chatting with you guys and
they're gonna be giving away some really
awesome prizes there's like an $800
stroller that we're giving away on that
live show and I'm so jealous cuz I'm
like damn that's a good stroller though
there's really really cool prizes to be
won and we're just gonna like talk to
you guys you can ask us questions so
that should be really fun also I just
heard a little snippet at what's gonna
be our new theme song I know a lot of
you guys went asking for an update on
this it takes time okay basically I got
my buddy working with me he's putting
together all of the instrumentals and
then I've got to work with a studio like
it's a really it's a big deal this song
I just want to make sure that it fits
you know what I mean and I want to make
sure that we're involved enough in it
that you know it'll last I'm really
really excited I just heard a little
snippet things are moving along really
really nicely with a new theme song I
also want to let you guys know that my
buddy is doing all the instrumentals and
stuff I actually wrote the whole song
I've never written a song but I wrote
out this saw it just came to me one day
I just wrote it out I was like humming
it in my head and I like I like tracted
in my
i phone so I wouldn't forget like how it
goes and I sent it to him and I was like
hey what do you think about this and he
was like are you kidding me like that's
amazing we're going with that weird were
you using that and I was like what
something I made musically is gonna
happen
so it's interesting because it's gonna
be my first original song he's helping
out with all the tracking of
instrumentals and stuff and then we're
gonna work with a studio who's local
here and you guys are gonna get updates
on this as it goes it's just been kind
of slow lately cuz he was busy but now
he's got time to devote on it it's also
got a nerve wracking cuz like you write
a song like and you tell people about it
you're like putting yourself out there
kind of making yourself vulnerable so it
definitely took a while for me to be
okay with it and be like yeah that's
that's cool song I think it just
embodies like family and love and hope
and relationships and everything that
we're about on this channel and
everything we want to share with you I I
found asleep um now we are off to work
on the garage we've got tons of baby
clothes which I'm definitely keeping for
the next boy that I'm having which
hopefully isn't for a long time because
I'm having a girl next I have such a
hard time with stuff like this because
I'm not like the most sentimental person
about the same time I have a hard time
throwing away things like this I got for
what was this for sixth grade I think it
was sixth grade my teacher got this for
me and so I don't know it's kind of cute
but it's super dirty so I'm like you to
run it to the bathroom yeah any of my
friends from elementary school are
watching this is my blue denim laces
like what you would do if you were in
Girl Scouts but I had all these pins and
they were like Bible stuff basically
like if I dig a bank asks that you yeah
how much just like and so like the
macrame pin so I did the moon macrame
whatever I did volunteer like an old
folks home and you got that pin yeah to
cook a meal at home for your family you
got that pin yeah so it's like I mean I
guess it's kind of at all but like I
seriously will I don't know what to do
with this
lager Fair is over so it's time for a
new hashtag I think I got an idea
look what I just found this is something
my grandma got me a long time ago it's a
journal there will be a little bit of a
mo diary in here just a little bit
that's the way I used to open it when I
read it ha
need batteries look it's my wedding
dress so I'm running dresses in there
and then this was my veil look I'm
getting married again it you've ever
walked me down the aisle
yes that's like can you stop going
through things I'm trying to clean up as
soon as you're done with the girl aww
look how skinny I used to be holy moly
so I definitely finished with my wedding
dress my little girl can play with it
and maybe she'll want to wear it when
she gets married although I didn't wear
my mom's either Oh
again there's Cassie z'm she wore this
cuz she was one of the bridesmaids I got
the new hashtag up there which you guys
suggested which was brisee which is my
nemesis ship name I don't know if we can
technically be ships since we are
married and we have kids and it's kind
of like past that when we work together
this was probably going to be our ship
name and a really really awesome quote
that I actually love by the late Robin
Williams it says you're only given one
little spark of madness you mustn't lose
it and I put it right up there I totally
didn't think about putting it up there
right next to grumpy cat because grumpy
cat is always mad I think I just really
connect with this quote just because it
sort of talks about life and how
sometimes we're only given one shot or
one chance or one little spark of
madness and you have to hang on to it
for us it's this it's talking to you
guys it's being a part of this community
growing this YouTube channel from
nothing to a hundred and thirty thousand
subscribers in less than two years this
is our spark of madness you guys I don't
think we will ever do anything as big as
this in our lives
I imagine doing anything bigger at least
now I can't you know I love what we do
here on YouTube and I'm going to work my
butt off because
want to lose it because this is my
little spark of madness me my dad are
very related you could walk on ice we
listen we find things and we just put
them on we can't throw this stuff away
I found a battery and Missy
holy moly mom look it look at all my
secrets wait I think there's even notes
in here this should be open until 2017
oh you can't I can't open this right now
but this is a really big deal this is a
contract between me and Cassie it's just
a lot of money nothing what I'm always
so afraid that I'm gonna burn it play
seriously just turns out perfect every
single time
threw together some guacamole real fast
because we had a couple avocados in the
fridge figured I'd use it for dipping
oh my god one of the best cuz there's
I've ever made you guys I just found my
yearbook Here I am
can you tell I'm the one on the left in
the pink dress looking cute I am there's
my brother right there yeah the blue
shirt we got cutie is too no smile
though as usual hahaha it's right there
look at that
that's right dress he hates this he
hates that we actually make a fart of
noise near his butt and he looks his
butch x-bike he knows that we do it to
piss him off basically so he always
takes his button and he's mad we
obviously don't eat enough steak right
we're a Texas Roadhouse with the fam
Cassie got a monster of a state
and steak fries which she thought were
little fry shape steak steak like
outtake steak and two sides of state
mankato no he is not eating anything
right now
Hey look at that animal Jim have you
introduced the finger of death yet he's
a little young for the finger of death
okay Missy what do you think does this
look like me kind of yeah no this is
your everyday outfit your hair is up in
a bun but doesn't this look like
something you'd wear look at the fit I
think the face is really going I
actually I did not make Missy she was
already in the gallery under Missy
laddie so what are they made her and so
I pulled her into the Sims for creative
so that's pretty good zel Fionna look at
Queen Elsa good
Donna's pretty good too yeah those are
really good I think oh I want to do that
I could I could totally plant those too
you want to play with the Disney
Princess birthday with this Oh ll this
is really hard to do a job like this
little bathtub bounce yeah this wipe
right off
oh yeah let's teach him to draw on
everything I know it's probably so bad
guess what's out today Oh Landon don't
you guys watching eyeliner it's actually
getting really good it's really awesome
time really do it anyway thanks for
watching today's back I don't want your
sexier than your sin thank you
so clubs suppose he's still getting my
okay hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
thumbs it up if you did and we'll see
you guys tomorrow bye
q you get it kisses actually really
likes it
that's pretty cool but the other ones he
does with people like anymore like you
only wanted to hold it I have succumbed
my computer will not recognize the
Windows formatted USB on the bootloader
so I have to get a DVD funny thing I
last week just before
