Hey good morning buddy
what you want to play with this Holly
let me feel like a little model
and that ladies and gentlemen is how you
scare kids son baby boy the new amazing
things coming do you want to try that
blow dryer like that no I do not uh-oh
Oh Conway he keeps slapping me in the
face
real men blow dry their hair
oh yeah this is what it's come to you
guys we now have to have the trash can
on the table at night because karma is
just not to be trusted anymore he came
home the other day there's trash all
over the floor including diapers I'm
like that is so not cool we need
something to keep oli out of the trash I
mean something to keep karma out of the
trash if you guys have any suggestions
for products leave some links below in
the comments because we need them and
I'm not sure what's good or what
yeah yeah he's been so talkative I just
know that if we had or knew another baby
who was like being talkative like him he
could just sit down with them and just
talk forever
I just it's the cutest thing when you
get two babies next to each other but
hello guys I am up and ready just got
done doing my hair and makeup although I
really socked on my hair today it's
really just like pooping blah but I
really don't feel like doing anything
more with it like curling it or anything
which by the way I really need to make a
video on curling my hair with this thing
because everyone asks about it all the
time like how do you get here here and
I've even told people I'm gonna do a
review and I just keep putting it off
because I just I have so many videos
that I have to do that I'm just doing
like what I have to do instead of what I
want to do which is like hair tutorial
like this or fun videos which is kind of
bumming me out you know like I love my
channel and it's growing like crazy
right now too but I just haven't had the
time to really dedicate to it I've been
just doing so many other videos and
especially with baby League and stuff
like that that I just feel like my
channels kind of just I've just been
doing it but I haven't really been doing
anything cool with it lately I don't
know that's just my opinion I still put
out videos and I love it I'm hopefully
soon I'll be able to actually do more
like a little bit better videos but I
love did you like day-in-the-life videos
or like a little bit more in depth
videos but I just haven't been able to
but I'm ready and actually I'm filling a
couple videos today actually there's
gonna be one up right now even though I
haven't filmed it yet but there's one on
my channel right now so go check it out
if you haven't seen it already
alright time to get this little monkey
ready come on Fi someone hold my hand
okay
monkey but that monkey on his butt
monkey I thought my karma we're gonna
get him ready cuz he's actually gonna be
in one of my videos so he's gotta look
cute whoa Friday just like fell down two
stairs very slowly Oh cute whoa it was
hilarious okay come on let's go up the
stairs he's like I just wanna like cut
my I think you're gonna need your other
hand my love there you go come on come
on Louis why we gonna like hold my hand
mama
I totally forgot about these two things
that are sitting up here in his closet I
got to do them okay so I didn't do this
this is supposed to be for his one-year
like handprints and feet prints so we
need to do that you little monkey open
step on him I love it I actually forgot
about this thing this is something that
someone made for us a long time ago from
Sabrina mother to three girls that's
actually her youtube name she actually
made us this really really cool photo
album that's like a scrapbook she did
all the work
except didn't put the picture then you
could basically just grow with him it's
got spots for all his pictures or it's
like all pre-done very creatively done
watch out monkey oh yeah that's what
monkeys do look at this a onesie
definitely now that he's a year old
I could definitely like print out some
cool pictures and put in here so I'm
gonna have to do that because this is
really really cool and I've been kind of
saving in hoping that one day I'll be
able to stick some pictures in it I can
do it he's like Canton Imam yeah it's
all made for him because it has Oliver
right in the front look what we got
y'all dressed in got him a salmon
striped shirt and some cute little jean
shorts and he looks basically adorable
dig hi karma akarma
okay to get it fitted
all right downstairs go
are you ready we actually just filmed
all our videos we are being very
productive today Brian very productive
we had a few errands to run I have my
sunglasses in on in the house I feel
like a total dork
like a blob where I can have to dance
like that would be nice
aya literally no hands no free dance
right now you guys check this out it's
okay he's wearing them and he's not even
messing with them you like trained him I
did I put him on him and so cool I know
he said what what's up I showed him in
the mirror when he looked like and she
went like this he's like yeah yeah we
can made like it like face and I was
like hey he looks so cute and funny
story though we had his sunglasses on we
get him in the car I'm like get out of
the garage right now he's gonna take his
sunglasses off and then we literally
began taking turns having to go back
into the house because we kept
forgetting things it probably happened
like six times it was ridiculous so what
happens when you have a kid well yeah
yeah and the last thing that we forgot
his diaper bag like we were in there
Brian you to his sunglasses and then I
need to drink then he is a drink and I
was like oh we didn't have the garage
opener and then the last thing was oh we
don't have his diaper bag which should
have been the first thing we forgot
about check us out you guys we have an
emergency stash if worse comes to worse
there's always one diaper right there is
that why you have it yeah so he's got a
ton of stuff done and now we are running
by the mall and look at this I saw this
poster at Disneyland and I was so
excited it's Alexander and the terrible
horrible no good very bad day so cool
this he's never read the book so she
don't know nothing that was like the
coolest book when I was a kid I read it
all the time it's got Jennifer Garner in
it and Steve Carell it's awesome so you
guys read that book let me know I'm
excited for the movie I think it should
be interesting I don't know where that
sound is coming from but we are
definitely rebels right now
Missy this is not allowed yeah it's fine
actually taking elevators a super
inconvenient when you have a stroller
I'm with it he's totally fine it's fine
should we get to the top and he like
topples over wait for it wait for it
wait for perfect oh look at that it's
perfect yeah
what is that buddy you wanna make a wish
it's kind of getting us wet a little bit
probably freaking out like wait yeah
just running around the mountain what is
that you want to go swim in we stopped
to get some food because Ollie was
hungry look at him tearing it up it's
not good linguini yeah
watching him eat pasta is the funniest
thing in the world I love it yeah he was
quite the hungry monster and I
complainin cuz look at what they got
this is like a chocolate bun cake with
white icing looks delicious somehow we
ended up in Hobby Lobby and look at all
the Christmas angels there's Christmas
everywhere that's a bit all the
nutcrackers Oh Angie
we need one oh we have to do the album
we have to do the elf thing this here
remember there's like winds last year
they had all these old Altima shelf yeah
help myself yeah
do you want you out from the shelves we
call these my nutcrackers look at all
those Santa's oh I know him that's crazy
it's already started I really started
with the elf with the yak boats the elf
quotes have started look what else we
found it it's like my favorite quote
home is wherever I'm with you all right
guys in honor of The Sims 4 being
released today I did a plumb bob this is
a simple um Bob and I did it out of
chalk and I did some cool like blending
stuff and I think it turned out really
well let me know if you guys are playing
The Sims 4
I started playing it last night it was
available like 9:00 p.m. last night this
is probably my favorite sim right now
he's blue so he's kind of alien like
he's got these big ears he basically is
like a collector and he loves plants
he's got three illegitimate children
it's just fun he's eating some french
toast now I got this cool light show
thing in my house and yeah he's into
like a little basic house but if you
guys want to play as him or as me you
guys can add me on organ I'm just
Bryan Lanning and you can see the
creations and the people that I'm
playing with and like the houses I
create and stuff I've created in houses
but I might but if you guys want to
follow me on there you can really like
in the new Sims 4 they're so much
smarter like right now he's eating and
watching TV at the same time like they
can multitask I think that's really cool
it's just a cool game because you get to
like basically create your own stories
and create your own game you know
whatever you want to prioritize in the
game is whatever you want basically I
just started my final load of laundry
for the night oh gotta feed up karma -
karma you want a dinner
there you go come come get it come on
get your dinner and come get em thank
you just finish you up my final chores
Brian I hold you clean up the toys the
toys that was your job that you're
watching Disney oh that's friends I
thought it was Disney anyways yeah I got
Oliver to bed and we're just cleaning up
for the night and get ready to go to bed
ourselves so that he's we're gonna go
ahead and end the vlog I hope you guys
did enjoy it though give a thumbs up if
you did and go check out my channel
which is linked below I got a video up
on there I don't want to go too bad yeah
you're probably just gonna play sims all
night I only played for like five hours
last night
he played forever laughs you see when I
was in high school I once played The
Sims like ten hours straight
see you guys smell fight okay you guys
today is Labor Day do you hear that
we got an unhappy baby in there go go
we're gonna get Ally baby gate get a
vitamin yeah
timing up that was not cool we were
playing peaches with them and he was
like the
