nicely like if he's not feeling good if
he is teething wow thank you for that
this is a sunbathing
these are boys he's gonna do amazing
things
hey guys and a good morning today is
going to be a normal vlog I did just
want to say that and I just want to
thank you guys so much for all the love
and support you guys have been giving us
class couple days we've all been very
very ill yesterday and last night was
not very good for Oliver at all so last
few days you know we did one takes I
didn't plan it yesterday it just kind of
happened and of course I had no voice
I'm not 100% as you can tell but it is a
little bit easier for me to talk today
so today we're gonna have a normal vlog
you know we're just gonna try and get
back into the swing of things
so anyways how are you guys I feel like
I haven't truly like talked to you guys
in a couple days
blogger fair was just so much so much
fun just getting to meet new friends
catch up with old friends meet a ton of
you guys the support at that event from
you guys was overwhelming it was insane
the first five minutes we were there
there was like a line of like thirty
people and I was like oh my gosh that's
really really strange for me like I
don't I'm we're not big youtubers that's
not who we are Harry might agree we got
to me was just really really cool so
thank you to everyone in came to vlogger
fair and just made it so successful but
today you know we're feeling a little
bit better we're not 100% we got to get
some stuff done and get back into the
groove of things so you might notice
yeah there's no stuff on our bed because
we got to wash that is pretty sure
we all had some sort of flu virus I know
it wasn't food poisoning because food
poisoning I feel so much better
afterwards this last is a good 48 hours
so I've got everything stripped from the
bed we're gonna wash all that that's
just like a doing nasty stomach right
there it's pulling it's gusting as you
can see we're still not fully unpacked
from Seattle just because we haven't had
a chance to do anything we've been
cleaning up really good we're probably
just going to be like disinfecting a lot
today
and trying to get the house back to 100%
clean coming out with us today guys good
morning guys look I actually have
clothes on this morning
not quite totally ready yet today but
getting there we are feeling much better
today are you feeling good last night he
was really sad he was not a happy baby
but day he seems to be acting better but
we were really excited to go to swim um
but he had really really bad diarrhea so
I couldn't take him this one so I'm
really sad about that because I was
really looking forward to oh yeah I just
touched poop everywhere it's all over me
you can't see it but it is there it's
all of his back oh this poor baby has
been not feeling very well apparently
he's acting happier but cuz last night
he was crying but today he's definitely
got some major problems so that's a
bummer house pretty much we're basically
taking today to disinfect the entire
house clean it out air it out get some
some air moving in here and it's just
it's not it it's gross in here if I put
this over you you're a ghost
oh now you're a baby ah you're a ghost
now you're a baby yeah yeah I'm actually
doing our sheets right now I just did a
whole bucket of water like hot water and
I poured some bleach in there and I'm
gonna go pour it into the washing
machine normally I can fill my washing
machine with like water but this washing
machine you can't do that you have to
like put the clothes in it and then fill
it with water so I'm going to kind of do
it this way that way don't just don't
bleach it onto the sheets which just
seems a little bit kind of crazy
there we go die bug die not bugs but
germs we are cleaning like crazy because
we don't want anyone that comes over to
get sick that would be gross you know I
feel really bad if someone came over
agrestic but it's true feel like
everyone is sick right now I don't know
if I said this earlier but my mom and my
mom had that my sister has it now I got
all that laundry I just got done doing
there's a lot going on in this house
here we go
bye peace I think he's definitely afraid
of the vacuum
are you afraid the vacuum
hey sprinklers John oh we're in a
drought there's a palm tree really need
that much water I guess so
Oh get off man it feels good outside
pool is running this whole thing is just
a math you guys I have not even been
able to focus any attention on it
finally filled up the pool a little I
gotta clean up a little clean up some
poop sweep clean the pool make it look
nice back here it's laundry time I feel
like I've been like vlogging me cleaning
all day long but I guess that's just
reality right now is I'm cleaning my
house I don't always do it I feel like
it's boring but the same time I feel
like people are like I want to see you
clean your house I don't know do you
want to see me clean my house I do think
it would be interesting if I had set up
the camera and like sped up me like
folding on the laundry I don't know I
feel like when people do that and I'm
watching a vlog I think that's
interesting or is that like so boring to
watch someone clean their house I don't
know is that mom life
so anyways I'm cleaning I'm trying to do
this one hand it I'm actually doing a
pretty good job too ready here we go
here we go Oh BAM probably got at least
three or four loads on here it's pretty
intense dad I get so Ghirardelli
chocolate chips for cookies
we are at Target just grabbing some
stuff we actually needed a dinner
Archer Farms has these really cool
things where you can buy like the meat
that you need so we're gonna do some
beef fajitas and then you buy this yummy
sauce that you like cook it in and then
we just got tortillas and a bunch other
good stuff I'm fueled by Starbucks right
now I have no energy but it is keeping
me going
hello cuties mmm this I feels like a
little bit bigger just one it's one
mahi-mahi for Fito Bay but it's huge
sure you don't want to try like tuna or
flounder yeah I don't think I can ever
eat flounder babe
that just seems mean I see what song you
have stuck in your head right now
Oh shake it off oh I like it keep you
execute buddy get him
we just got a dollar we just got a
coupon cause we bye - hey that's only 50
cents on - babe they see you loves
coupons on her she finds a coupon it's
the funniest singing off let's go he's
like hugging me you guys think okay love
my dad oh he's like oh you're gonna fill
me he's so cute we are lost in the
parking lot
do you see it please found it all right
it's not ever having you guys I always
lose the car I never know where it is I
always have to get the little button
thing on my key so goes is that a good
car impression huh here she is
here's good old nasty I'm not that duh
all right guys I'm getting ready to feed
all over dinner and lately he's been
really picky again he kind of goes
through these ups and down stages and I
think that it's honestly like if he's
not feeling good if he is teething Wow
thank you for that so this is a
butternut squash soup Leigh and so I'm
definitely going to see how he likes is
we haven't vlogged in a couple days
basically and I feel like I have so many
things to tell you guys I was just gonna
tell you usually I use water wives cuz
we're on vacation and stuff we kind of
fell behind and I ran out of water wipes
and so I went out and I had to buy a new
one but you guys think of this brand if
you buy it but I bought seventh
generation baby to be honest I do like
to stay away from like certain
ingredients like I know there's a lot of
alcohol and some and I do think that in
a way
can sometimes be a cause to why you get
rashes and to be honest Oliver has never
had a or a rash on his bum never except
just recently I think that's because he
has diarrhea right now and so he has a
rash right now as well as the first time
here so I'm sorry
they have little duckies and leaves on
them they're so cute mmm
yum yummy good job alright guys so I'm
just chilling in my office while Missy
bays Oliver have stairs but I just
started checking out this website it's
called Opinion Outpost comm it's pretty
cool because apparently there are
researchers who like want your opinion
on stuff like food TV shows movies new
products politics you name it and they
give you free stuff for doing it I
remember when I was in college I used to
do stuff like this all the time and I'd
get like free McDonald's cards free
Starbucks cards because that's basically
what college is about free food am i
right
can I get an amen anyone on Opinion
Outpost you can get rewards like Amazon
gift cards iTunes gift cards and even
cash they didn't give us cash what
and then just made it way more cooler
and easier to do they also have a ten
thousand dollar quarterly prize for
active members so every time you
participate in a survey you get entered
into the drawing to win ten G's like
what
so definitely if you're over the age of
eighteen which you have to be go check
it out Opinion Outpost calm i'll house
i'll have a link below in the
description but just realised to next
month is iphone month new iphone six
coming out is anyone going to get it let
me know in the comments what you think
I'm definitely getting it and I really
hope that they introduced an iWatch I
was talking to Jay randiandersen on
Twitter and I was like I want to i watch
so bad just take my money Apple just
give me an iWatch since 4 is also next
month that's cool stuff to look forward
to what are you guys looking forward to
for the rest of the year is like almost
halfway up what are you looking forward
to let me know in the comments below is
it Christmas be honest some of you are
looking forward to Christmas aren't you
I'm not gonna lie
I'm looking forward to Christmas who's
there oh hello Oh
haha are you gonna be a little wizard
are you gonna play some Quidditch what
you doing all you wants to say
night-night to grumpy cat nothing 9h a
grumpy cat ah give tarter a hug
ah kisses there you go come say
goodnight to me oh yeah you so fresh so
clean huh yeah he loves tartar sauce
look at that telling stories the Jared
and Ally jelly which by the way hey
Ellie
our ship name is belly how amazing is
that oh yeah Elia I got a ship name
we were just making some dinner I got
fajitas going I got rice going
I got beans cooking I'm really excited
for dinner huh are you throwing up gang
signs don't do that
oh the gloves get it valid thing we just
finished washing move brother it was
crazy
ah as my gigs are crazy okay close dude
you know I always say crazy and then we
say cray mm-hmm now we just say crock
weight isn't really crunch I was such a
crap Assad anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed this video click those of you
discard Y channels me later check the
links below and leave some nice calm and
I should have a nice little end song huh
Lizzie guys robot I tried you people
enjoy it don't work
yeah I
it was a really really rough day it was
one of the first days I've had that I
literally felt like I couldn't care for
all of her because I was anything that
touched me like her it was like that
terrible fever feeling you know it was
really bad
anyways actually I've been talking this
entire time thank you
she has been talking this entire time
because he wants to
