good morning guys I am with my mom and
my sister and my brother who apparently
he has to pee so bad that his why am I
just burst that's true this is our son
baby this is our boy
he's gonna do amazing things he said
that he would let his bladder bursts
before he peed his pants and I think
that's stupid I would definitely just
peed my pants
Cassie I don't know are you ready I am
dead no I don't like to either but I
would definitely just peed my pants
before I blood my bottom room I wouldn't
I would go pee before the thumb okay but
you can't you can't go pee right now
your crown is about to burst what do you
do I don't the side of the road oh you
jump out of the car you don't you don't
know it's gonna versal it's you're just
taking the risk but it hurts so bad they
I don't know I was just pee my pants
like whatever I'm not that big of a deal
we're headed to the mall because we're
just gonna hang out and brian has Oliver
so I don't have any baby which is kind
of weird for me but they're having daddy
and baby time
so that's good and hopefully it's all
going good there I heard he was saying
mama a lot while I was gone so that
makes me kind of sad but also kind of
like feel special I guess because he
wants me
that's good good morning guys hear that
that's the sound of a baby that should
be napping but he won't miss he's out
running errands and I'm trying to put a
lie down for a nap and it's proving to
be impossible
listen everybody
I think I may have angered him even more
that was possible
I'm gonna give it uh maybe ten more
minutes
see what happens he normally sleeps
really well when Missy puts him down for
now
maybe it was just because I was doing it
instead of her but we have to get to the
point where he's used to me putting him
down for a nap as well because we're
probably going to be taking a trip here
in a couple months without him for the
first time and he needs to basically be
on good terms with napping we'll see
what happens
morning he did lay down and it seemed
like he was asleep for maybe ten or
fifteen minutes but that was all then he
was up Jimmy found the bathroom so he's
good he got his bathroom time but were
for peace man yeah and he actually was
able to handle it so he was fine he
didn't die so now we're actually gonna
just the four ah in here because looking
for some new makeup I'm kind of
a little irritated at the makeup that I
have right now yeah I guess I'm just
bored of it telling is something new
before here we go I wanted to show you
guys the new hashtag I put up on the
chalkboard wall it is hashtag pray for
Maggie Ruth if you guys don't know this
is my old boss's little girl she was
going in for like a routine oral surgery
and she had a really bad reaction and
she's now in critical condition has been
for two days now they almost lost her
which is crazy I can't imagine that
she's still in critical condition kind
of hanging on by thread please just keep
them in your prayers you guys and if you
guys are praying for them feel free to
use this hashtag on Twitter just to show
your support for them and if you guys
want a way to get more involved you can
check out my Instagram that I actually
posted today has a little bit of
information about that but yeah just
wanted to let you guys know a little
update on her he fell asleep
finally you can barely see him cuz he's
kind of hiding but he's got a little
butt in the air look what I got goodies
I got a few little fun little things in
here but that's exciting and yes I just
been hanging out with my mom and my
brother and sister today Cassie what are
you doing I'm about to leave the
birthday party cool with birthday party
it's my friend Alyssa turned 18 oh she
has an 18 year old friend official what
did that mean that was she's making with
me she can drag me around
oh yeah third I think she can officially
go to prison wait you can go to prison
you get across my mother Anthony oh
that's cool you guys should get her a
lottery ticket I'm not 18
you should have mom get her a lawyer
chicken and she can do it I guess the
fun is more to I'm buying it I didn't I
think I'm my 18th birthday I did go back
there people are like are you 18 you
like yeah I got my license there you go
and then on the license says under 18
you're like oh god you're like oh well I
just turned 18 he's like read read the
card oh yeah like I think on my 18th
birthday I went and I got a lot of heart
I don't think I won
my 18th birthday I'm going bungee
jumping bungee jumping coming with me
no way I would never go under going
really ah Jimmy you're gonna go bungee
on me Jimmy said he would go with me
Brian might do it Brian would never do
that I think you would
he doesn't mean like some of the rides
at Disney but good morning hi hi buddy
how'd you sleep
you slept pretty rough huh you're free
what are you looking at you wanna play
with some toys let's go downstairs to
play with some toys what's wrong buddy
are you looking for mommy think he's
still looking for mommy she's on her way
home I promise yeah come on we're gonna
go swimming later with some friends so
you have some friends to play with I
know you got Mickey yeah Mickey and you
got Minnie Oh
what do you want what are you gonna grab
the broom yeah my little Quidditch
player grabbing the broom I just swept
but it feel free if you want to go over
anything I'm SIV that'd be great
I am literally like the dumbest person
on this planet no I I'm just like really
blond I'm the most forgetful person I
leave things I forget things I lose
things it's just ridiculous actually the
other day we were out of like a
Starbucks stood up and left and I left
my camera just sitting on the table the
other day I left my phone at Target I'm
just the blondest person ever today i
tho went to Jersey Mike's to get me and
Bryan some lunch and I slid my card and
then I just like set it on the counter
which who does that and I left my debit
card here so I got all the way home
realized it and now I gotta run back in
there I had to come all the way back
hey yeah relax I have to go run and get
my debit card
so I'm just
I'm silly I guess dad no mess with the
Harry Potter book you want to read it
you can't quite read yet
Oh
do you guys hear this baby talk he's
doing like it's like a babble
it's so cute he's been like doing this
non-stop
are you a Sam I think he's speaking so
much Buju bah
look at all these kids we adopted what
are you doing to me what are you doing
to me stop it stop it
we heard after two it's pretty easy no
just kidding we got John and Christina
here we're playing some games Ollie's on
his fifth piece of watermelon right
how much watermelon juice is in there a
lot it is crazy
nom he's been running around with all
the kids now who's the water man you
guys look what we're playing cards
against humanity' I want to show you
this next one because it's extremely
funny mrs. turn the class field trip was
completely ruined by kids with ass
cancer is that our thing daddy issues a
mating display yeah this is about as
appropriate as we can show you it's not
really I'm gonna go with a mating
display yes thank you that was me I
wasn't good enough for any display was
just it was we got lots of food this is
getting Rolly some food and we're gonna
look at what I'll tell you you guys I
did these um smoked beef sausages with
barbecue sauce on the grill they are
amazing
so good oh look I also lost one and I
should probably turn off the grill so it
doesn't eat up all my propane time for
bed
can't say night-night everyone Gemini
he's been so good today um we actually
today we've been really trying to do the
weaning process a little bit just cuz I
don't know I got like a month to kind of
figure it out he's been really really
good it actually went pretty good day
although I am in so much pain I could
cry we are gonna do a little bit nursing
right now for before bed but can you
sing night-night hey Nene
today I know you're about to mop I just
wanted to kiss you until I loved you
yeah she's been amazing today mm-hmm me
Mom you're really gonna mop so late dad
we had a bunch of kids over and there
was chocolate cake so we had but anyway
we just got have a hot tub and our
friends have left we had an awesome
little barbecue day Oh someone likes it
here under the fan just chill I did want
to say thank you to everyone who has
been pretty praying for little Maggie
but I'm gonna go ahead and end today's
vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it oh hey
um go check out Colin and Katie because
they're in a contest right now to win a
car which would be amazing for them
because they have little gains on the
way so I'm gonna have a link below in
description so you guys can check that
out please go check them out vote for
them their little commercial they did is
amazing I love it and I love them and I
want them to have a free car so go hook
them up you guys let me so dope I hope
you guys enjoyed today's vlog give a
thumbs up if you did remember the like
button is now on the other side of the
screen if you are viewing on a desktop
if you're on your tablet or phones in
the same spot hit it so I know it's
working thanks for watching and I'll see
you tomorrow bye good job
you coming in oh hey it's your daughter
