so I'm having some trouble you guys I
can't seem to find Oliver anywhere he
was playing over here this is our son
baby
the boy is going to do amazing things
hey guys and good morning how are you
it's Friday so week it's a freaking
weekend
y'all are you guys ready for this whoo
so Missy let me sleep in a little bit
today because we got all our
responsibilities done for the week so we
have a couple of days to chill and relax
and have fun together as a family one
thing that's really been on my mind a
lot this morning my old boss just before
I started doing YouTube full-time I was
doing I was a graphic designer for a
church his daughter I guess was going in
for some routine oral surgery and
something went horribly wrong and I've
just been like thinking about them all
this morning and she was life-flighted
to a hospital she's got an infection
she's very very sick in critical
condition you guys couldn't find more
information about it if you want like on
my Instagram or my Twitter because I've
just been urging people to pray and I
just want to urge you guys you know if
you pray please pray for Maggie and you
know that she'll just be healed and pray
for their family and it's one of those
things where it's like she's this little
girl you know it's like this helpless
little girl
whenever you see like a little human
life at stake you always put someone
else that you love in their shoes and I
just can't help but think like of seeing
all of her in that situation you know
because it could it could just be easily
it could be him so definitely like it
hits close to home you know cuz it's
like ah I have I have a little boy what
if something like this happens to him
you know just be horrible so just be
thinking about them and praying for them
I don't mean to start this video on a
sad note or anything
this is just real life this is what's
been going on this morning um and I just
hope everything turns out okay and of
course I'll keep you guys updated but
it's a beautiful day and I think we're
just waiting for Oliver to wake up from
his nap and then we gonna go do
something fun do you go get Ollie get a
bath hey come on cart let's go
where are you I see you come waiting
yeah happy you are this kid is so happy
when he wakes up it's kind of ridiculous
I am NOT that happy when I wake up so I
don't know where you get that from gotta
get him ready for day and hopefully we
have fun Diggs it's Friday Friday Friday
it's lunchtime just made one of these
yummy sandwiches from Hunter farms got
like turkey and cheese and stuff all
he's eating some lunch he's got turkey
cheese quinoa
he's eating whole Bowl quinoa you ate it
all yeah I'm so proud of him holy cow
buddy
they give to me give me the camera I'll
bite give me the quinoa oh yeah he loves
quinoa which is really good it's funny I
do find that like when we feed him he
gets really happy right what do you mean
like he loves food yeah I feel like when
we feed him and he eats good food
he just gets full he gets so much energy
and so happy it's my life and we're
going swimming because it's what we do
every single day guess who's here my
auntie she is not going something about
me I go swimming but I didn't come here
because I came here to see your
what I mean and in you set the tab it is
over a hundred almost forty degrees
Celsius actually I would say it's pretty
and it's like I don't know 102 it spills
pretty stinkin hot out here Cathy is it
hot yeah I wouldn't say it's totally 102
it said this 102 mom it's 102 it is yep
okay yeah I mean it is hot when it gets
like 108 it's like yeah regular 102 yeah
not that big a deal
no it's not big a deal Carmen's already
jumped in because he has no other life
this is his life the pool that's his
life he's just like when can I go
swimming can I go now okay go now
good job Oh Oh Carmen I was trying to
hit him Nick hold on
today oh yeah just like hold on to my
bathing suit
oh yeah so then he wouldn't like
sneaky-like wanted to hold on to us I
don't know if he'll do it yeah I'm
seeing so oh he's like he does really
hurt garden guy in the spa he's like
jump Nick so I'm having some trouble you
guys I can't seem to find Oliver
anywhere he was playing over here oh oh
hey it's baby in the cupboard what are
you doing in there buddy yeah you did in
that like it when the door was shut
did you he likes being in never he just
doesn't want to shut the door he just
can't get over it he wants to be in I
feel like I've been scooped up for like
days and that I appreciate did leave the
house yesterday right yeah yeah but I
just I don't know I just
so like at home Brian's been working
like crazy I'm just like doing my thing
and I don't know I definitely feel like
been cooped up lately realize that six
o'clock it's six o'clock and you wanna
go grocery shopping right now we have no
food yeah whoa hello people crazy
drivers is that your fault
um no no they're yielding to you see you
ever it's never my fault it's never
Brian's fault he's just amazing driver
driver and everyone needs to get out of
his way for real a parking spot opening
up it is it is so close slow it down it
is really you're going to love me oh my
gosh oh my god mmm
she won the parking slot parking spot
game oh you are yes I got the closest I
believe that this is literally the
closest parking spot yeah because that
one you can't park there and that one's
not as close as this one and now once
you you did some brownie points yes you
did you guys ever play the parking spot
game is like a huge pet peeve of mine
you need to find the closest parking
spot possible and if you don't then you
lose um so I'm thinking it's time for
already a haircut yeah I think he needs
a hair I think I've actually reached
that part that time where I'm like okay
it's time to get him a haircut you buddy
looks like about time
exactly so as much as I don't want to
cut it and if I cut it there's a good
chance his curls will be gone I ready I
think I've come to terms with the fact
that he needs one
trying to unlock the pumpkin spice latte
okay joshan has it but they're not
selling it yet how do you unlock it
because a first piece that I give you
you think that's all you do
he got it PSL although they did deny me
access because they did not accept my
code oh we had a copy card babe
apparently this cyrex you don't need the
code they say you can just ask for it
which I did the other day and they said
no so yeah those interesting but he got
it
pho first PSL the year how's it taste
like pumpkin spice it's amazing look at
this corn we found you guys
you get two for one never gonna be a LAN
di I mean um artichoke um that depends
can we eat broccoli no then no I ate
green beans for you to eat I'm so sick
of green beans because that's the only
vegetable you'll ever eat I would love
to eat some broccoli or cauliflower or
carrots or something yes I love those
yes I do
yes I do if you get a pepper and you eat
it
I'll get you an artichoke I wanted ours
look at all the groceries and it's dark
out that's how long we were shopping
Brian sucks he is very very done he's
exhausted and tired as are we so
up okay okay so you're gonna make us
dinner tonight yeah what just kidding
you know what this is you guys look at
this do you got this babe come on first
that is a lot of gross this is a
blessing it's what this is this is
amazing I honestly like we just bought
all these groceries probably good for
like a week week and a half every time
we do a big thing like this I just feel
so blessed that we are able to fill our
whole fridge and cabinet with food you
know like people struggle like they
can't do that and so I just like every
time I see this much food I'm always
like wow
that is such a blessing that is amazing
I got smoked sausage you're gonna try
them they're good they're all beat babe
look at your little booboo it looks so
much better look so much better doesn't
it
he loves bread we always get him like a
nice whole wheat whole grain
Gretchen you okay try it one at a time
okay you used to cry my upsetting oh
he's dirty we don't need a bath or a
beauty I want we don't want Pluto to not
like the bath word watch this watch this
how do you think you're gonna get up to
stairs with a sippy cup in one hand and
a golf club or the other oh I guess like
that come on
oh do you guys know that he's deathly
afraid of this thing oh gosh oh gosh
it's nothing run run he's very afraid of
it I have no idea why it's right here
baby I took it out of his toy box and
now I've been using it as a tactic to
not let him go up the stairs oMG you
guys I was changing Oliver's diaper and
he found this bottle of biotin that a
lot of you guys suggested I purchased
and he was shaking it and he thought it
was the most hilarious thing he's ever
done like he was just like shake it
shake shake it BAM
shake them all out gosh dang it
he didn't like touch her or anything I
just gotta go pick them all up I was
changing his diaper for like probably
his fifth poo today it's kind of
ridiculous dude why are you booing so
much
I spend like kind of ridiculous we've
been taking turns I was like I had the
last poo
fresh 90 it's got a big ol molar back
there it's like it's a big old tooth I'm
like yay yay yay got chompers limited it
is kind of a late one we definitely went
shopping way too late and now he's going
to bed way too late but
I guess that's just how some days are
now I'm trying not to trust about
schedule because I feel like it's just
it's just stress and I just want to have
a little bit more laid-back we have like
a general outline of what our schedule
is and what time he goes to bed but I
also don't want to be like crazy strict
about it where we can't like get normal
things done or something you know all
right keep saying that night uh-huh I
gotta play with my toys you guys look at
this cool candle that Missy got today
I've never seen a wick like that it
smells good to miss he only buys candles
that smell like food or like vanilla and
smells pretty amazing but good the way
you lay in there you're like draw me
like one of your french ladies karma -
he's like draw me like one of your
french putos sometimes I do that when I
want to feel really really sick and it
worked oh why did I do that I'm gonna go
ahead and end today's vlog I just heard
um I want to dance with somebody playing
at a very loud volume outside my office
door so I'm gonna investigate and see
what that's all about but I hope you
guys enjoy today's vlog if you did click
that thumbs up button and leave me out
from my comment down below YouTube
actually changed the location of the
thumbs up button it's no longer on this
side it's on this side so go over to
this side click the thumbs up button so
that I know it works and we will see you
guys tomorrow bye and now you spin
puppy's like what are you doing you guys
does that look fun you're next
