oh my gosh you guys look who I just
spotted huge Brian amazing
don't be weird they're headed to vlogger
fair hashtag vlog fair are you there did
we meet you though we were all dressed
up look at Missy dang
Missy you look good babe bril I like the
skirt he's got his little bow are you
playing with the quacker I think he is
yeah yeah we don't really know what to
expect because this is our first vlogger
fair it's only the second annual vlogger
fair but I heard Chris Pirillo put on a
pretty good event last year so should be
exciting are you filming me get out my
bra I'm doing this kid is bought bombing
me hey always that's all it takes to get
that one smiling all you get to do is
look at him go
sounds good huh huh let's get out
actually out at blue skies yeah we could
probably see some if we look directly
into it
Thunder hi miles would like you know
what I mean she's super special VIP she
is semi responsible for this whole thing
and she has killed it did you see her
last night in the vlog
she looked amazing we're gonna have a
blast you want to go with some food you
guys this is by far Ali's favorite
sponsor I would say buy that cocoa and
he's just gonna grab his coconut and
he's like peace out oh hey hey meet a
new friend he's already destroyed the
set twice so there's that yeah
seriously though he loves coconut water
I don't know why I can't stand it I
think it's tastes like sweat I'm not
gonna say that for them oh that's that's
the quacker from the ride the duck store
we did really yeah babe here by the way
and no I'm not hitting on him he's just
made from gay baby it's almost time
ready - ready - ready
everyone's getting here hey that's a new
way to do it huh
and we're rocking out we're just kind of
hanging out out here
oh where you going oh there you go these
are supposed to be wolves but he doesn't
think they're very good
like peace out mom I'm gonna go meet my
fans my name is baby Olly so they have
this cool little bit hi how are you good
hey let's go little VIP lounge and I was
chilling in here with Missy and then all
of a sudden I was like wait where's
Missy we got all these cool keys
sorry to show up and turn up you're
raising oh sorry I'm like I'm crashing I
feel like no one cares about me everyone
whatever this is why we can't have nice
things Olly cuz you take bites out of
them
this is my apology to everyone who is in
line to meet us the first time I'm sorry
they just assured us to this kind of
creepy back area it's got a lot of
creepy equipment
it's got creepy people and all this and
I can't even let Oliver run around this
is just gonna get all this figure it out
we got a daily vlogger
and
I was so much fun Ollie was definitely
getting cranky the last time is he
sleeping oh my gosh he actually might be
sleeping on Emily right now
god
do they have a crib we can put it over
yeah perfect
kind of a good thing thank you so much I
mean she is like a baby whisperer guy
said this she watched her kids last
night and she took him from the stage
and she has a channel too
you volunteered you volunteer it's a sob
channel I'll have it linked below hey
thank you
this is the vlogger fair nursery
apparently you guys should add your baby
to the really bad
first of all I love your hand that's
amazing what do you have very green have
to walk all this it's gonna be a really
really fun day it's but it's also be
really exhausting this Hill is not very
sorry and Missy's a trooper she's
wearing these shoes and hoof it
and rightly so Oh
check this out you guys the lids just
hooked us up with some Canadian
chocolate let me know if you guys know
about any of these we got it oh oh oh
Henry like that really Coffee Chris
this Marty's ooh these sounds that are
nice crunchy I love these people send me
these all the time because I can't find
these anywhere here camera you want it
on this Cali Austin is killing it hey
it's the first time I've seen his face
hey buddy
there we go there we go we're trying to
get more person got this killed it bro
Austin killed it honest it out school I
was going under watch that's cool huh
like I have no I hate it yeah we've been
getting ready to go we're headed to
dinner and check out with Jackson three
adorable and check out Molly's very I
don't know if I like this they're the
same size Jackson it's dead tired yeah
and his his way loose I got in nine
months but he the same outfit same size
or anything of it we have plan it we had
no idea the funding days been just a
really busy busy crazy day we had so
much fun at Frogger fair I'm meeting a
lot of you guys and just happy like a
great time it was I feel like it was one
of the best events that we've gone to
just because we really got to like talk
to a lot of people and hang out with you
guys so it was a lot of fun and all I
got a little bit overwhelmed there at
the end like he just was crying like I
think it was just really over
stimulating for him in a way and like
every time someone come up he was just
like Jackson's in a pretty good mood he
sucked a little bit bad they got and now
we're headed to its dinner with a bunch
of people so that's gonna be a lot of
fun hopefully we'll be able to show you
guys what we're doing and hanging out
who were hanging out with and stuff feel
like it might be the first restaurant
that we'd really I feel like with the
end junk like every time we get
something to eat were like this isn't
very good but we want the Seattle feel
exactly yeah we want to like experience
the Seattle food and we've like we had
to eat McDonald's yesterday so it was a
little bit of setting rated right now
while you and Christmas camera
those bugs there are two lenses here and
one lens basically is on the top it's a
modified that it's cut out to screw it
into yep oh my god and if they make
these here's the thing they make these
for real estate agents the reason why is
because when you're turning get the hell
you in the house so it's perfect because
the weights the weight thing the hand is
it's like that where you're holding the
camera like this you can hope you can I
can call the lens this point is you
camera modified it's a how cool the
bloggers taking over book the bedlam
he's bowing down in respect to awesome
dude I love the shirt watch the show
though you never have I've made a huge
mistake you don't even get any of us to
joke the ball and Italian restaurants
pretty stoked looks really dope look at
all this okay Colin Colin
can we please sit under all the girls
eating spaghetti
: actively because actually their flight
is entering the loop the last time we're
going to see them until game before
yeah they come in like this serves like
four people don't look at these whatever
you guys it's the cutest thing in the
world but I got me some chicken chicken
this is what it's like when you have
dinner with bloggers you guys we just
recorded a huge one take for Sam and
then reporting so that was fun
this cutie
oh he's so adorable
he's like jelly babe you like the moves
how you want him to move you know in the
meanwhile we have our little nanny over
here taking care of oh here we go all
he's getting all ready for bed yeah it's
bad I don't think you should him this
year have we the same one of you er got
them both one lettuce turn up turn up
the beat let us turn up the beat and he
loves his new monkey he got a ton of
presents today thank you so much you
guys this one is so cute and he loves
you okay so most of you are probably
completely salivating okay so we got the
hugest dessert platter at the restaurant
and we're all just gonna chill and eat
some dessert
we got dark double chocolate cake
cheesecake I think that's the Italian
cream and what is this it does look like
a pancake
oh my gosh this looks amazing yeah mrs.
ion the chocolate would you try I want
to try this turkeys tell me not just
wait until we're all ready to know oh my
buy so we can begin right or do we have
to Instagram all this there we do there
you go like a really good dessert like I
guys think make sure that's right yeah
it's basically what we're about to do
but I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog
it was absolutely amazing meeting so
many of you guys today one of the most
surreal humbling experiences that we've
ever encountered so I just appreciate
all your guys love and support
vloggerfair was a blast
be sure to go check out Ellie and Jared
can I give you guys a ship name you'd
like Jeff you jelly jelly jelly
yep gently be sure to go check out
jellies vlog thumbs up today's vlog if
you are hungry now and we will see you
guys tomorrow bye
now we're in the water buddy crazy so
cool
