there is an adjoining door should I
knock on it but he thinks behind the
door amazing things
it is 502 in the morning you guys in the
car is packed to the brim seriously
don't think anything else can fit back
here good morning guys we are headed to
blog affair oh and look who's up
good morning baby it's very early I
don't understand
neither do I hey guys here Austin
Airport Oh our luggage and bags all he
totally fell asleep so that is nice
because he got a little freaked out
they're like what's going on
why did you just put me in the car I'm
supposed to be asleep and so he started
crying like it was like more like I am
totally freaked out right now so Christ
it was really sad well the sun's
starting to come up and we're headed to
Seattle it's so really real it early got
like just like a couple hours of sleep
my eyes are like burning because I put
contacts in them and they're like no I'm
not ready for your contacts yet my eyes
well this is a new way of doing things
on so wait don't don't put your monkey
on a hold on damn we have got this
little contraption right here pretty
cool
you go hold on your monkey he doesn't
even eat bananas Oh way we go little guy
we made it he made it he's getting
really good huh yeah that was actually
really nice we don't have to take our
shoes off put things in like little
compartments or anything it was actually
really smooth and he looks so cute in
his little bike chair now we're looking
for our gate and we're not running we're
not running misty how amazing is that
we're not rushing to get to our gate
we're good
go situated I'm giving you some manner
he was hitting himself with his hammer
in the head which was quite funny and
then we gave him his monkey and he
started hitting his monkey
hey job here we made it right here
we are all situated we got all the
baggage all he's running around or
falling on his butt obviously hey it's
your cool backpack oh it's an owl he's
still hammering himself in the face he's
getting hammered we're actually waiting
for Oh buddy we're waiting for
Ghirardelli and Jackson to come in from
Salt Lake City and I think they might be
coming over here or somewhere else which
probably see with their baggage like
that huh yeah they're gonna be somewhere
around here
oh I can look it up right there Salt
Lake City 15 they're at 15 misty they're
no they're probably gonna come out on
the elevator down they're just so weird
Jared and I are in the same building
right now Missy we're the same building
right now as them oh my god there they
are yeah wait we can't leave our luggage
I waiting for you to run dramatically oh
my gosh this is so weird
this is so surreal oh my gosh I'm
shaking oh my gosh she just had the
biggest smile
could you just got out of the and there
it goes again yeah
you guys are gonna be best buddies by
the end of this I know good thing to get
them both out and then to have them
crawl around together or I guess Ollie
walk on top of it I know right but yeah
check out this this is all of our
luggage we've got like car seats and a
million luggages and bags and diaper
bags and strollers and everything that
two families could need was baby huh
their cameras prettier oh he's so cute
he's even cuter in person you guys it's
you you wouldn't believe it but he
really is be so happy to be meeting and
you wanna say hi hey Ally
can you say hi got sick can you see this
Oh
such a nice boy okay we are in our van
we rented a van we are just now getting
into the city you guys got to check out
this view Oh
check out these trees yeah yeah none of
them yeah Ryan why you for showing us
that there we go guys check out the city
and there's the Space Needle it's so
tiny that's what she said
what is that like a stadium that is
Safeco Field that's where the Mariners
dude this place is beautiful I had a
dream when I was a little kid to go
watch the Mariners play back when Ken
Griffey junior jelly Cara Edgar Martinez
like that was my team then hung these
Mariners was my team and they're gone
it's like you ever have those dreams as
a little kid you're like I want to see
the Mariners play at the stadium this
seriously this place is beautiful
and I told me to see how they this is a
test if if I like it then we're gonna
move here what do you guys think should
we move here there's a little bit closer
up with a Space Needle you guys big ol
elevator headed up and it's gone we are
walking in downtown Seattle with these
Goonies hey it's raining and we're
headed to dinner so there's a really
good pizza place down here called Zeke's
pizza and our hotel wasn't quite ready
which by the way we have a little
surprise for you later on we'll tell you
but we're pretty much starving so we're
gonna grab some food and then hopefully
just get the best of day there relax you
travel just like wears you out check
this out what did you steal
oh my gosh you guys okay we got chicken
bacon pineapple cilantro and it is
pretty much a bomb yeah that's big yeah
peace without bacon on it okay
and actually all these actually eating
it too hey Ollie hey do you like your
pizza okay and of course we had to get
the little cheese for Missy cuz she's a
little piece all right guys we are in
our hotel hey hey are you crawling
around you said you're gonna do a
crawler Ali's watching him - girls are
chatting look at this you guys there is
an adjoining door should I knock out it
what do you think's behind the door
I think that I'd say what what are the
odds that they put our rooms together
and connected them with a door I
wondered what that door was for that is
crazy
all right we're in the elevator and
we're go grab some stuff and we're gonna
play a little bit of roulette you know
that means what does that mean put your
butt against the door and twerk twerk it
twerk it twerk it out twerk it out wait
should I be doing this yes you guys look
at this Space Needle right now look at
that it's so pretty it's beautiful
don't go towards the light no it is
really pretty no we just say we're gonna
walk cuz we don't wanna lose our parking
spot we have an ideal parking spot and I
will not lose that yeah we are actually
headed to gas station to get some drinks
and treats for the ladies while they
treat their selves can someone gift that
including a little Miranda sings
eyebrow shrug that she does oh man
anyway hey the kids are asleep in that
room isn't it cool we have adjoining
rooms you guys but anyway hey I'm gonna
go ahead and end today's vlog we had an
amazing day and it's just getting
started
so I hope you guys enjoyed it click
thumbs up if you did if you guys aren't
subscribed to our Channel and subscribe
because you put on videos every single
day and hey go subscribe to Ellie and
Jared I will have all their information
linked below you're basically gonna get
a different account of what happened
today from their side of the story so
should be pretty interesting thank you
guys for watching and we'll see you
tomorrow bye I should just like make it
look like their hands
hi there yes now they're all just uber
polite do you think here we go I've got
all the doors open I've started the
process of cleaning it out and I'm gonna
tell you the truth I can't find it
I've looked under
