at least when you find something you're
like oh there it is I get it now there's
nothing like what could be that really
sucks this is our son baby boy he's
going to do amazing things today
good morning you tell him what you've
been eating this morning say I eggs and
bananas I don't know if you guys
remember but a few weeks ago I was a
sign a few weeks ago it's like a few
days ago he I was trying to panicking
like oh my gosh he's so picky he doesn't
like any food and I think it was
definitely a phase because now he is
back to eating basically everything
doing really really good he's eating all
of his eggs if I get Meg's or all of his
banana if he eats bananas oh I'm so
happy because I was kind of in a panic
there for a while but how are you guys
this morning guess why I'm vlogging in
the morning which I never do I usually
just use that time to like hang out with
Oliver and kind of just not focus on
anything with YouTube and just kind of
like relax and stuff but I was like I'm
gonna be so busy today that I don't even
know how much I'm going to be able to
vlog though I decided to pull you guys
out here in the process of getting ready
to leave um I've got my apple chips
ready for the plane I've got my gram
foals I've not tried these but it has a
banana vanilla cream filling you're
going on so much of a fan of those but
Brian I like them we got all kinds of
weird essentials in there and stuff in
here oh look what I found at Target this
cute little like loofah it's probably
just for like ollie so I can like wash
him up and scrub him down and stuff I
just think it's so cute cam I gotta
clean out that car holy moly it reeks so
badly I seriously don't know what it is
and it's kind of driving me crazy huh
what yeah that's the light yeah all
right that's the way
then crazy hey guys I almost fell back
in my chair that would have been
hilarious actually would have been very
hilarious
good morning I was up late editing and I
actually did not even get around to
editing Missy's video so I'm editing
right now so you guys should see it
below in the description she did like a
funny daddy-daughter tag with her dad
first time my dad's ever been in a video
and he was like really excited about it
so that's kind of cool
also you will notice there are some
additional talk drawings on my
chalkboard courtesy of my wife I will
say she put up some inappropriate ones
which I have erased for the sake of the
vlog yeah I got you know they were cute
I love you okay here's our little family
or her depiction of it
I gave me boobs and a cute waist oh and
I that's not like physically possible
but none of them have arms or hands
because I don't know how to draw hands
just do fives five lines they actually
look like they were like chopped off or
something well I should just like I
should just like make it look like their
hands are behind there yes now they're
all just uber polite it's like here we
go I've got all the doors open I've
started the process of cleaning it out
and I'm gonna tell you the truth I can't
find it I've looked under every seat
I've looked under every seat those are
tissues okay there's a couple carriers
I've got Mickey Mouse stuff nothing over
there everything's cleaned out back here
we've got Ali's side clean and clean
under there what the heck I don't know
what it is that stinks so badly I'm
starting to get worried
at least when you find something you're
like oh there it is I get it now there's
nothing like what could be that really
sucks that car's pretty clean now so I
don't I don't know what it is okay so
I'm trying to be a little bit more
organized
I go this time because I feel like every
time we travel I'm just a little bit
unorganized so I actually picked up this
makeup bag
or like a box and it's really hard so
nothing can get likes most or come out
and all that and I'm a little bit bummed
because it came with this thing inside
of it and like nothing fits in this okay
most things are not going to fit in
these little holes and the things that
do fit in this holes are probably going
to be tall and they literally can't be
any taller than this otherwise this
can't go any further down I was like
that's so dumb I ended up taking this
part out and just using the hole in here
which does kind of make it seem a little
bit messy and cluttered that's just what
I got to do so on this side I've just
got like a few makeup items and then all
my hair stuff and then my gloves so I
can curl my hair and then in here is
basically all my makeup and up there so
it doesn't really have any it's not like
as dirty I guess but it works and that's
what matters and then in here got joy
kind of take it all out of my joy box
umm oh you guys probably wondering why
I'm in this bathroom I'm gonna totally
never bath right now I just really
wanted more space and I just really I
have so much stuff that the bathroom
just doesn't really comma date me and
Brian's things and so I was like we're
not using this bathroom why not just go
down here I'll have like my makeup and
hair and I can be kind of more spread
out I obviously do still everything
almost in that bathroom but it just kind
of gives me room it might seem weird but
it works for us
that's what matters I've got all our
bathroom stuff almost done in here
oli is still mopping thank you um and
then I'm in here I've actually been
picking out all my outfits and laying
them out I actually don't have our
suitcases at the moment they're all at
my mom's house so you have to head over
there look kids ready do wake up Finn
he's all ready to wake up it is so good
damn nice nap oh hey Carmen can't get
into Karma
you ready to get ready we got a pack
I've got nothing packed for him oh
you're gonna eat that mom
check out the new kicks you guys I
picked up some vans yesterday so I'd
have some comfy walking shoes for
Seattle cuz these ones were falling
apart and I haven't had real vans in
forever probably not since I was a
teenager and I forced my mom to buy me
some so I would be cool in school but
man I love these are they're they feel
like they're made so much better so much
more comfortable I always buy the
knockoff ones at Target are we ready to
go you're getting all dressed look at my
cool new shoes babe can I call new shoes
oh yeah you got new shoes too I was
thinking of leaving the thing on you
know how like when hats you like the
cool thing to do is like leave the
sticker on I'm gonna start a new thing
where it's the cool new thing to do is
to leave your shoe tag on just kidding
I'm not doing that I'm gonna cut it off
on our list to do was to come to babies
or us because we're picking up some
items that were really excited to use
this time around picking up a car seat
transporter it works for his Parsi I
know that's worth a theory cause it just
drops on to the side thing okay cool
cuz we can like his car seat is actually
right there so if we wanted to like test
it out because yeah this is yeah cuz
that way we can actually not even
worried about the stroller when we go to
the gate he can just be in this thing
and then he's gonna actually have his
own seat and he'll be sitting in his car
seat as well so I'm really excited I'm
also picking up this basically it straps
to the car see like underneath the car
seat and goes on their lap got a spot
for snacks and then he can have like the
iPad or toys and like stuff like that so
I'm really excited about this item as
well I feel like it's gonna help a lot
he's gonna be spoiled on the airplane
yes hopefully he's happy and content it
isn't too long of a flights it's like
two and a half hours but hopefully it
works
I lived a little in there never I have
never feel yeah he thinks he's having
conversation with me actually he's
obsessed with bread yeah
it's officially like you passed on to
him his favorite places are places with
bread
all right doctor you're gonna have to
slow down that tongue action little bit
little bit getting in on that calamari
action you got some mashed potatoes
we're refilling in the middle of our
frantic moving around town to get
everything we need before we leave and
we had to get some calamari cuz it's
happy hour
and this calamari is so dope you guys so
I dropped oli and Missy off at her
parents house because I had to go get a
haircut so I just got my haircut
I'll trimmed and fresh and ready for
vlog affair what's up Seattle alright
you guys gotta let me know in the
comments who am I gonna see a blogger
Fair this weekend let me know got my
hair cut let's got my hair cut it looks
so much nicer in it just feels better
alright we're gonna try and balling
about a tiny bit earlier today he's
gotta get some food we tried I know a
little bit late now so he's snacking on
some of these carrot things which I
actually really liked you like this no I
can't try it so good BAM
take a tiny taste like a little bit
there these uh carrot berry muffins
veggie muffins and he loves them coz
this kid loves anything that has to do
with bread all right guys we go ahead
and end today's vlog we just have so
much to do it's like eight o'clock at
night we have to be up at 4:00 in the
morning we've so much packing to do it's
gonna be insane Missy's mom and her
sister are actually on the way over
because they're going to be
house-sitting for us this weekend which
was totally like a lifesaver so we had
to tell them how to like run the whole
system and got to give them like the
walkthrough you know everything to do to
take care of the house for just a couple
days looking forward to being in Seattle
uh we can see a lot of you guys really
soon we plan on having a ton of fun and
meeting a ton of you guys it's really
really cool we need to do things like
this because it just puts really it just
puts it all into perspective you know
like you just passed one hundred twenty
thousand subscribers like we're getting
like 2,000 new subscribers a day and
that's just crazy to me
anyway it's just
it's just a really really really cool
experience so hopefully we see you guys
a blogger fair if not you know you're
going to get some really cool footage
next couple days we're going to get to
me a lot of awesome people who do
YouTube just like us so it should be fun
thank you guys so much for watching
click thumbs up if you enjoyed today's
video and we'll see you tomorrow bye and
endo super tache we got to get some
stuff for our trip we were gonna do this
tomorrow but then we realize we're gonna
be packing like crazy tomorrow I feel
like you're not behind me there's
nothing to do worried she always does is
she always stresses out and worries
before a trip and then everything's fine
we need snacks for the plane you guys I
gravitate to cookies
