mommy and alia riding Ali's first Harley
baby
do amazing things
good morning guys we just got a church
look who's with us on the Panera put all
these out of it he's so tired he got up
at like 3:30 this morning and it's now
like noon with no nap he's gonna get a
good nap later oh yeah he's gonna sleep
really good I know someone actually made
this for him like a long time ago before
he was born he already knows pulling it
on it's like a button on you can like
change out of the yeah you can change
out the NotI so he keeps taking it off
but I love it so cute just got home we
went grocery huh thanks karma were you
listening to country music oh disarm the
bomb we got a ton of groceries for
barbecue tonight cuz it's actually
really hot outside it's like a hundred
degrees who is this hey that's a girl
from Pretty Little Liars
did you know she's saying country are
you tired you're ready for now yeah all
right we gotta get ready for a nap
unfortunately we have to completely
change out of office because he got this
one so messy I actually totally stressed
out here at Panera and he literally just
took his food and like smeared it all
over his pants his shirt everything it
was horrible huh yeah so we had change
yeah oh you loved this thing huh I gotta
turn it on
uh-huh he's gonna dance but everything
is like he hears music it's deafening
I've got the family over we're gonna
have a barbecue and actually just got
done doing a video with my dad on my
channel I'm super excited about I hope
it turned out though because we were
kind of like mostly like talking the
whole time hopefully you guys can get
you know get to know my dad a little bit
more and kind of hear more about my
childhood stuff like that we're gonna go
swimming cuz it is a one-day although I
forgot that hot this is 96 degrees so
missing our family our swimming I'm
probably gonna join them in a little bit
but I am just taking care of some
business on my computer and actually I
have some business I need to talk about
with you guys so entertainment people do
this like in vlogs and like youtubers in
general but there is a point behind it
okay we have some really big projects in
the works one of them obviously is the
song you guys know about and an intro we
have really cool things are coming up
and we're going like I have really cool
ideas and really I'm just waiting on our
main song so when that is finished then
we will do a new intro and that will
come out we have one big thing that we
have been brainstorming on working
towards gathering information and I just
have to say it's going to be huge you
guys it's gonna be unlike anything we've
ever done it's going to involve all of
her it
going to involve me I'm so excited I
know you guys are like so pissed because
I'm teasing you about something but
honestly there's a reason behind it okay
we have some amazing stuff in the works
coming up all for you guys like I'm
doing it for you guys that's the reason
why we work hard on things is because we
want to constantly be creating awesome
new content for you guys but in order to
do this we need numbers obviously
remember we had a mailing list and then
we hit our max of like 2000 people get
past that you have to pay for it and I
never really saw any real value in it or
or reason to but I'm going to so I'm
actually going to we're going to be
accepting new email auditions on our on
our newsletter list and I probably send
out like cool updates for you guys like
you'll only get in the email newsletter
so that's something really cool to look
forward to so I just urge you guys if
you want to be involved in like a huge
future project of us really cool new
things are coming up we want to tell you
guys about them and we don't want you to
miss out but it's really really
important to have you guys sign up so
I'm gonna have a link below in the
description where you guys can click and
you can enter your name and your email
and you'll be added to the list I swear
we're not spamming anyone you can
unsubscribe at any time it's only gonna
be for like really important updates and
obviously to announce our big thing that
we've been working on and are continuing
to work on and it's still in the early
stages but we're gonna need people
behind us we're gonna need your help not
time comes we're gonna be using that
email newsletter platform to reach you
guys so go sign up add your email and
your name into the newsletter submit it
so that we can put you on the list I
never imagined that something like this
would happen but it's kind of slowly
becoming a reality and it's really
stinking cool please go do that
grumpy cat says why aren't you add your
name to the newsletter list yet go
submit your email
grumpy sits by my desk while I do my
work and just reminds me that it's okay
to be stressed and grumpy sometimes as
long as you're happy most of the time
right is that what you're trying to tell
me he was up and moving around like 10
seconds ago wonder if he's trying to
come something like to sleep anybody you
were all wrapped up in your blankie did
you hear me oh you heard me talking to
your monitor huh hey silly boy I think
he actually was wrapping himself up like
it they say you're supposed to have the
room at like 68 to 71 to be comfortable
for him sleeping that always seems so
cool it's like we cannot set our air to
70 that ain't happenin I know I was
talking to you through there huh
let's get you in the pool okay buddy
what you don't like that karma
that's adorable so just when time to
fire up the grill we're gonna throw some
food on it and I'm all out of propane
this is the first time we ran out of
propane so I guess what this thing lasts
like a month maybe a little more than a
month we use this thing a lot apparently
we gotta go get some propane and propane
accessories
yeah we just been chillin I got steak
green beans and corn ready to be thrown
on the crew
mommy and oli arriving always first
Harley what do you think about that boy
Wow it's kind of cracking okay now see
if he does it on his own no not so much
I will make it he's all dizzy probably I
am ah yeah I cooked up some barbecue got
some pasta we got green but you're gonna
try the green beans Jim the famous green
bean oh you like them yeah sure you like
them even what see this one I see I'm
changing everyone's opinions about green
beans we lost your hair and your face so
he's clean now you just have to play
you're adorable
mm-hmm right now I am in the house alone
well not completely alone always asleep
and I've got karma but Brian just left
and I feel like I'm very rarely in the
house like by myself it just seems weird
we had such a great day today we went
swimming and had a nice barbecue which
was delicious and I had to clean up
everything it looks pretty nice now I'm
actually gonna make some cookies soon
because you know that's just how we do
it just got out my new jewelry box that
Brian got me and I'm gonna start putting
my jewelry in here and start organizing
it I actually don't have like that much
jewelry but the joy that I do have is
just in a like humbled mess that I can
never get out so I never wear joy not
that having a jewelry box is going to
make me wear more jewelry but it just
organized it says organizes its
so that when I do want to I can find it
I'm not to get more joy content Brian I
am doing a late night road trap I don't
know what side he's in for what is he in
for keeps before that's kind of sad I
should probably know that huh oh yeah we
actually had for diapers left at home so
from good old tarjay but now I see
clothes and we're traveling this week so
let's go check it out it's no harm in
looking right coming along I got all
kinds of necklaces in here and I've got
there's my old wedding ring and oh this
is actually something Brian got me a
long time ago and it's got a wedding
ring a lot like my engagement ring
special like Ruby type thing infinity
sign and it actually used to have a
chihuahua on it because when he gave
this to me we had just gotten vo so I
think this was like right after we got
married that he gave it to me oh and
look what I found I don't know if you
guys remember when I got this I can't
remember when I got this I got this ring
and it says strength like all the way
around it basically they were just kind
of like symbolizing my strength they
feel like I have a lot of strength that
I've been through a lot and at the time
I think I'd just gotten pregnant with
Oliver you know it was like a really
scary time and so kind of gave me this
too as a reminder to stay strong I wore
it so much that now it's like literally
rusted over so I would love to find a
way to kind of keep this more safe for
like make it so that I could actually
wear it maybe maybe like repaint it and
cover it because it really means a lot
to me and on my other hand I got this
ring probably over ten years ago my god
I got to me when I was a kid and I've
worn it every single day it's been a
long time since I had this ring and I
love it it's really special to me I
never take it off it's actually super
bent even because when I was a kid I was
running and I grabbed a chain-link fence
and the
defense actually dug underneath my
finger right here and it bent to my ring
and it's actually stuck and so my dad
had to bend it the other way so that I
could get my finger out of it and then
my finger had to heal it was crazy but
yeah I wear that one on this hand and I
love it
um but with diapers did I get the right
size babe or oh my gosh you have no idea
how anxious I was I did not know what's
I said yeah it's like we lived in a time
where we didn't have it cell phones that
you couldn't just ask me um but anyway
I'm gonna go ahead and end today's vlog
we got lots to do tomorrow before we
leave for Seattle on Thursday so we got
to get stuff done I hope you guys enjoy
today's blog if you did where's where's
the OH
click that like button and if you're new
to our channel subscribe we put up
videos every single day thank you guys
for watching and we'll see tomorrow bye
bye
that is so cool I mean I know I'm not
like super close to the horses but just
being like that far away and getting to
understand like how powerful those legs
are that's amazing Oh someone something
