hey guys so this morning has been a rush
to get the vlog up it failed last night
to process I guess
Austin Knoll is calling this YouTube
apocalypse 2014 apparently people on the
west coast are having trouble not with
uploading vlogs but processing them and
I'm like oh this is our son baby
that boy is going to do amazing things
I've never missed a day in 560 blogs and
we're not going to miss some just
because YouTube can upload it okay I've
got to going I uploaded another one my
buddy Randy Anderson in Alabama did not
have a problem uploading his vlog so I
was like you know what I'm sending my
vlogs Alabama ha so I emailed him the
vlog file in Alabama and I just faced
hype with him and he's uploading it now
to our channel I'm just like dang if
that works that would be so stinking
cool crossing my fingers awfully hoping
it works morning everyone
guess what I'm doing cutting up a
watermelon wonder this thing look very
good it isn't very red to me but oh no
oh please good I love you I saw but
there's like this viral video going
around about how to cut a watermelon so
I'm going to attempt to do it although
I'm kind of already confused but I cut
it in half so first step done okay we're
just gonna go like this we're going to
use this and go okay make one cut then
we're going to make the other cut on
this side oh geez
I'm not sure about this you guys we made
me lower cut I don't know I can't that's
what you're told
okay Luisi now we just go this way k-11
and then he also does it this way we
want alright let's see how this goes
here we go we're gonna find out good
almost worked
I feel like it wasted a little bit I'm
gonna get some more down here well it's
like little and I can break it apart but
because they're all in little squares
hmm let's go watermelon yeah all right
me and all they are already we actually
look somewhat nice because we are going
to some races down in San Diego it's
actually my dad's company me picnic type
thing oh it's all schnazzy out oh he's
got a little bowtie with um suspenders
shorts and tennis shoes and he's also
eating my delicious watermelon which
that's why he's crying and Isaac I want
more it is really good huh but as you
can also see he keep getting it all over
his shirt messy boy holy crap you guys
that was so stressful
karma always starts crying when I've
loved why why no that's not your ball no
it's not your fault I finally got the
vlog uploaded well actually I didn't
even do it
I sent the vlog to my friend Randy in
Alabama and he uploaded it because our
servers on the west coast just are not
working right now so no I put his
information in yesterday's vlog but if
you guys haven't subscribed to him
please go subscribe to him I have a link
below he was such a good help him and
his wife do daily vlogs as well when he
kind of understood the struggle but we
are all ready to go we're gonna find and
we're only like an hour late babe it's
not that bad I just I couldn't you know
how like when you put so much effort
into something and it's like so close
you just cannot abandon it and that's
how I felt I just felt like I could not
abandon I was like you know what I'm go
to bed until 1:00 a.m. editing this vlog
I've been up since 9:00
I'm trying to get it uploaded I'm not
giving up and so I didn't get above you
guys have a blog is up but I already
watched because this is tomorrow's vlog
and as we gonna need to live it up so
you continue doing all my important
business see stuff in a new house oh god
she is getting crying this whole Drive
it is time a long drive and so I finally
just like put a Lucas ball you get gave
my iPhone Indiana this smile honestly
yeah he's a whole thing I like he should
know but but his fingers just slip
around and say press about a smaller
size I don't we had the iPad and we like
put it on like the child mode where yeah
anything that would be that works so
good and we just like let all his like
look you're slogging episode probably so
weird now you're like watching oh you
know what I think a lot of times you
like you shouldn't let your kid watch to
you but to be honest like I don't think
they should watch too much by the same
time I think it's good for a kid feels
sit down for a couple minutes and like
focus on one thing every once in awhile
you know thinking so I'm excited for
what he does start to watch alright you
guys we are at the Del Mar racetrack
right racetrack they race thoroughbred
horses here which I've never seen before
thoroughbred that's why I said right
yeah is it broke bread oh no
thoroughbred I've never seen horse races
my mom and my aunt like to go to them a
lot so she'll be pretty interesting
we're basically teaching Oliver to bet
you know we're star
always playing with someone write some
random guy
peekaboo
I bet on sweet profit and Hit Girl
should be exciting I don't think I've
seen this kid with a clean shirt today
it just went straight to this you have a
lot of watermelon yeah you did
so this is actually where the horses
race right here on this big old track
there's this huge like stadium where
people sit and watch them you seem to be
on the other side but that's okay
because we have the TVs and stuff to
watch them what do you do
hi
Marlys right don't pick your pony's on
the name of the horse
that is so cool I mean I know I'm not
like super close to the horses but just
being like that far away and getting to
understand like how powerful those wings
are that's amazing help someone
something he's like screaming look at
these two cuties holy you got the the
table thing that's good I want to watch
it when it buzzes okay freak out babe
you look so cute today did I tell you
that I didn't think they've really seen
you she's got this cool dress have you
won that dress before yeah come on oh oh
we found something that's nothing
come on he's so independent lately he's
walking toward me you got a nice little
nap on the way here come on got chicken
gnocchi soup here all he's trying it for
the first time
that one seems to like
like opens his mouth he smacks his lips
Oh
by creating doing its own presidency
yeah like that tastes familiar Thalia
Chinese very first pasta and I got it
say it's quite hilarious watch me yeah
you
we forgot on the clock I know isn't done
in a while we all he's still rocking out
to the harmonica
and some
Oh
we're home
and I am so exhausted I just took the
best shower ever it was a long day I
don't know why why was it a long day LA
driving oh it took forever to get the
vlog up I hope that this vlog does not
give us any trouble or else I'm
literally gonna have to put Randy on
payroll ya know what I mean oh man but
thanks again Randy for helping us out
you are amazing he's the nicest guy no
you guys have to go subscribe link below
in the description
oh thanks for the ball cam I know he
wants to play sheesh leash anyway I'm
gonna go ahead and end the vlog to be at
vlogger fair next weekend in Seattle if
you guys haven't bought tickets use the
link below in the description because
it'll give you a discounted price you
have to use that link if you guys
haven't seen the one year update on all
about ollie that video is also linked
the lunar description go check that out
thank you guys for watching don't like a
dumb job cut the shop are you watching
yeah ok let's see tomorrow bye oh very
dizzy and I
like a total idiot in the picture here
we are we are you guys I know the guy
behind me sleeping this is so
