if you want to know what it look like it
looks like this
Sunday me the boy is gonna do amazing
things
good morning oli what do you eat at
blueberry waffles that didn't quite make
it into your mouth kid
Oh baby you see that he's grabbed his
drink and took a drink himself and then
he'll throw it on the floor today as
mine and Missy's anniversary are you
okay are you choking please don't die
please don't die today look six years
babe you believe it what it see I think
it's seven years you should like be with
other people no I'm not getting itchy
but I guess I should probably give you
this huh she's so mad at me yeah okay at
love and she was like texting me she's
like we're not getting each other
presents this year don't worry about it
I told him there's a rule we're not
getting presents this year
well that rule doesn't exist sorry
7-year itch okay I'm just saying it's
like an actual name I really mad at you
shy yeah I know what no money
sorry good don't read out loud it's not
appropriate open it open it look at this
packaging did I do good
no normally suck at stuff like that
shai the six-year I think the modern
gift is wood do you like this one hey he
got me in jewelry box I have a lot of
jewelry and I never know what to do why
are you checking there's no jewelry and
of course I give it to her on camera
because she can't get mad at me what I
gave it to our camera so much ready - oh
that's cute part huh yeah yep this is
happening hey guys guess what we're
going hint in Disneyland so we left
Oliver with my mom and my sister and
they're gonna watch him for today
hopefully he's good I'm really excited
because we haven't ever bended is in
there by ourselves have we I don't think
so we went actually on our honeymoon
but we went with a bunch of people like
my family and my cousins and all kinds
of people's I'm really excited this will
be the first time we're going to go on
rides that we haven't ever rode before
like really looking forward to leaving
Oliver because I feel like he's just
really good now
he's really good for my mom like he's
always have a good mood or I left I was
worried about these dots on his stomach
and I was gonna show you before I left
and I forgot I was like she goes okay
let me check it she's like ah that looks
like chicken pox so the one time I leave
him he might have chicken pox I don't
know for sure we stumbled into a Miley
Cyrus concert like three years we were
in downtown Disney and we are gonna grab
some lunch at the Earl of Sandwich I've
always wanted to eat lunch this place
show and then we'll probably take the
trolley into Disney but I'm starving
pink so when you get Chipotle chicken so
it's like avocado bacon thanks Gavin
anything I ever get yeah I got a chicken
whizzing all the creams caprese and look
at this you see that big white hunk
right there that's cheese but it's
actually two hunks of that in the bun my
cheese in there is chicken yeah I feel
about it
hey guys so as you know my mom and I are
babysitting Oliver and he just woke up
from his nap and what I'm gonna go get
him all right with me ah good morning my
little munchkin you want to eat a book
you say good morning
say good morning we are in Tomorrowland
you guys we took the monorail and now I
think we're gonna try and do his Space
Mountain look they have something
regarding to the galaxy I want to get
into Space Mountain cuz they just opened
it it was closed for the longest time we
are waiting in line for Space Mountain
and just checking in on things this is
so cool to be able to do this but Holly
it looks like it's just always walking
around now he was sitting in your mom's
lap
sit with auntie likes to play his look
who's blogging for Herman he actually
watches young
what you doing oli you learn how to ride
a bike
all you're done right when I put the
camera on you huh
he was just now learning how to actually
like sit on it and go forward
he usually just sits right here the last
time I rode this ride crazy I kind of
wish it wasn't dark the whole ride have
you guys seen Space Mountain with all
the lights on it's not pretty
everything
oh very dizzy and I think I look like a
total idiot in the picture oh yeah we
are you guys I know the guy behind me
sleeping this is so cool I never knew
that this even existed babe they have
all these cool arcade machines like old
fat look at they have Frogger crazy get
that a coin to play I don't have any
quarters hey they have fix-it Felix
Missy from wreck-it Rock found this cool
ride
so I think are gonna hop on cool that's
where we're headed thing is cool I'm a
bit unruly you have I this is cool
we're headed toward the front entrance
now because we are gonna go check out
California Adventure may be able to get
in like one or two pockets on us it's my
so to be able to come down here and do
this huh and this is nice
well better than walk in like those
people we are headed into a bug's land
oh and look at you can see the hotel
cool the Hollywood Tower Cars Land is
over there and Paradise Pier I'd like to
ride the ferris well maybe I just love
the vibe of Cali Adventure you know like
you never spent enough time over here
yeah there's always so many like little
performances and stuff going on with all
these little leaves I'll look at it's
that little purple one oh she was just
invading on garage Ripper how about this
view of this tower you guys look at that
that is so cool about that view huh hey
yeah so this is the Hollywood Tower tear
you've been on this one I've never been
on this one yeah they definitely need to
clean up in here
that's kind of nasty yeah that was so
cool place there's they feel like if you
want to know we look like we look like
this I didn't know it like opened up
outside you can see outside okay where's
Missy you guys
what happened is your phone's your Hoss
hey lady ever like why I'm like yeah
that was so what you're telling me guess
we're going over there now ghirardelli
square Missy we went there listenig
Wharf oh this is San Francisco Oh Missy
Budin remember those cookies we had in
San Fran you guys remember those cookies
that we had in San Francisco from the
butene oh my gosh I don't know that be
said war we got free bread and now we're
doing a bakery for us they make cookies
here babe oh yeah check out that
chocolaty goodness it is so ridiculously
good you guys
I'm so happy we came here babe this is
like the best you don't know the best
thing in the world is chocolate flavored
kisses we both taste like chocolate
right now it's Phineas and Ferb busy
so we're in Paradise Pier and this is
the weirdest thing it smells like fish
you smell it and it might be like
serving our area
no it smells like fresh dead fish you
guys like like like the ocean smells are
they pumping that out so that it like
it's like realistic you know what I mean
that's crazy
that's cool it's typically ahead it's
frozen right now oh sorry
do something yes it's okay folks
false alarm hang on man it's you you are
oh thanks you're my favorite Oh ladies
and gentleman I saw before conversation
with all about are you decent that name
is like mix it laughs okay here we go
okay I'm thinking in the world almost
king of the world
you get it okay are you going to
bathroom are you going about the reason
on the stepstool which one you're gonna
do okay here we go
I'm did ting of the word oh my gosh my
worst father ever
okay so we are gonna go see something
neither of us have ever seen
it's a lag in example it's like Broadway
we go oh yeah 45 minutes
really yeah I'm really saying this is
definitely not something we
with all of her because he could never
sit down I love about it yeah and this
isn't talks to be replaced by frozen so
we got to see it now and then we gotta
see the frozen what's that though I know
I'm excited I think it's gonna be really
good that's all these guys to the
machine we just got out of Aladdin and
that was probably one of the coolest
things that we have ever seen Missy and
I've never done like anything Broadway
we've always wanted to he's amazing yeah
it was so it was so good still sweet I
know yeah they just like did a great job
of like putting you right into it you
know what I mean I think when we go to
playlist tri-state we're gonna have to
try and see some sort of Broadway well
you see Lion King yeah Lion King would
be really cool let us know in the
comments if you guys have ever seen one
I just I just wanted you to be but now
we were actually going to leave
California Adventure and we're gonna get
some dinner in downtown Disney come over
don't let that thing kick yet get it
show it to his boss ah there you go
setting a lesson we are at the House of
Blues for dinner and check this out I
guess this is like jalapeno cornbread
yeah I'm a little bit nervous but it
looks as though it smells really good it
should we're talking like that
I tell them
just gotta fitness you got a shrimp
po-boy look at this thing it's basically
a knife used to eat a ton of that will
you stop dropping that shrimp it's a big
old shrimp sandwich
I got jambalaya blackened with shrimp
look at you guys so good huh you have
way too many baby boy yeah baby hang on
it's almost over hi yeah funny name
sorry we're home and Bibby is fast
asleep so this is a wedding book that
Brian made for me on Valentine's Day
it's actually one of the photos that we
got during our first dance oh there's
our first kiss very first kiss we didn't
kiss until our wedding day yeah of
course that's how you're supposed to do
it oh look at it look at this um yep I
totally smashed cake all over his face
look at him look out beauty is I
basically made Brian not get a haircut
and I very much regret that now because
yeah like very long hair and tragically
like coming up he's like it's a my face
I'm like don't you cut your hair I gotta
show you that last picture there we are
Disneyland six years ago Brian we're at
Disneyland we had such a great day just
hanging out with each other and loving
each other you know what's crazy is that
we've been through six years of marriage
but I feel like this last year has been
the craziest because everything has
changed in her life our like
relationship has changed our family
dynamic has changed and we're living on
our own for the first time and we're
supporting our family and it's just like
craziness right you believe how much has
changed in just one year yeah
next year I know so I hope you guys
enjoy the vault give it a thumbs up if
you did and we'll see you guys mom I was
like hey I want to do that
thank mommies but don't kiss her but oh
he's biting you thank my butt
