hey guys good morning it Karma's
freaking out already nice go look who's
here you guys it's Karma this is our son
baby he's our boy he's gonna do amazing
things
um so last night was pretty interesting
and I thought I'd tell you about it but
basically because of it we're gonna do a
one-take style vlog for you guys it's
gonna be the most miserable one tick you
ever did see probably um probably yeah
so my voice is completely gone and
seriously it hurts to talk is he human
either
okay Brian will cut flow if I woke up at
2:30 this morning and he like vomited
all over our bathroom its quarantine
bombers I missed the toilet the first
time yeah I missed I missed the toilet
for other things too
it's it was really bad it just like took
over me I was just in pain all night he
basically vomited and pooped for like
five hours straight and horrible it was
so bad you guys and Ike I was on the
toilet and like I was literally huddled
over a trash can at the same time and I
was falling asleep cuz I was so
exhausted from sitting on the toilet bad
and I am sick I have like that creepy
crawly chills feeling so bad like we're
like so sick I don't know if we have
like a flu he might have food poisoning
I have some sort of fluish type symptoms
yeah it's really bad as it's usually
like it happens in Illinois and then
it's done but just waking up this
morning like I just feel so
Oh like hey we almost went to the ER
last night because it was so hot I
honestly was worried that I would have
to go to the hospital because it was the
worst it was the worst night I've ever
had yeah he gets food poisoning a lot
like he gets it way more than normal
people would but usually it lasts like
an hour too and obviously he's born up
out afterwards but this lasted hours and
hours and it's still kind of still there
yeah you and I have like some sort of
flu and I don't know we're being as
miserable you look so good taking care
of me go hey you got me like a wet towel
and she brought the trash can over here
cuz like I could not I had to lay down
here to wrap himself in tires and you
brought me water yeah it was pretty
miserable I don't think we really slept
at all until like maybe a seven o'clock
we finally met I fell asleep and
Hollywood Holly's been so good actually
my mom kind of yeah she took him to do
some errands to give us a little break
yeah but all I slept all night thank you
Jesus
and uh but yeah we're just so sick and
I'm hoping that we feel better really
soon but we're kind of miserable right
now so the bathroom is so gross I told
my seals like I don't mind paying a maid
to come in and just clean the bathroom
like I can't do it and I don't want my
wife to have to the away well I'm gonna
do it we're not gonna pay you sure it's
really bad like I'm gonna be with like
masks and gloves and probably some pants
that can get covered in stuff and then
bleach and water and mops and everything
will be thrown away afterwards it's
really really bad yet I can't I can't
even describe it to you guys you would
think like that's disap it to you it'd
be like a horror film yeah girls no no
even new is really really bad it was
just a really bad night right it was
just like we need I need it that night
to catch up on sleep huh it was like the
worst possible night for it to happen
because we literally were just drained
you drink and we didn't even get the
recipe meeting all day of traveling
mm-hmm this entire vlog complaining I
know you guys I'm sorry I'm sorry I
wonder if that was vacation and then we
need a vacation
yeah this morning you know crab the bugs
not even up and so I did that and I was
like I wanted to do something for them
today but honestly like this is it this
is what we were doing yeah and try the
sad thing is she was like we have no
groceries
yeah we've no food at all so I basically
just drained at the house before I left
so that we get back maybe just shoppings
I don't go bad which is the worst thing
go shopping before you leave for
vacation so when you get back you don't
have to go shopping luckily there's no
flow I have to leave right now and go
shopping we need food and we need good
food that we're not gonna dislike not
bad you know like fruits and veggies and
stuff like that so my voice just keeps
getting worse
yeah you see stop talking he sounded
horrible toward the end it was like it
was just bile I was just throwing a
while and it's like my throat is just
like burnt yeah it's pretty bad horrible
sorry we're complaining I'm sorry you
guys about today I feel like a failure
we're complaining a lot but you know we
just need some time to get better and
then hopefully tomorrow we can go
swimming and relax or not relax for like
hang out and do stuff yeah you know some
things I'm supposed to tell you guys go
watch the new look who's vlogging to see
the new dog and go RSVP we're gonna have
a live chat on youtube.com slash baby
League on the 25th yeah
at noon and we're giving away like a ton
of really awesome prizes it's really
cool like and me and my current
situation is making it sound really
boring but it's not it's gonna be really
cool so there's a link that you can RSVP
to that as well yeah we'll be like
chatting and giving away like strollers
and some cool stuff so you're definitely
gonna want to come
and that's all I'm supposed to tell you
sorry we're so sick we're just gonna
chill out for the rest of the day and
hopefully eat some food and stuff
Oh leo did you feel them that you're
here Leo where are you
oh there's karma they missed you so much
karma where's leo
mom took our baby and then left her dog
yes he actually used to be our dog if
you guys don't know yeah you know it was
very much yeah he needed a little bit
more attention than we could give yes
actually the truth is he likes to sleep
in the bed and no go not having Bryan
would often just roll on top of him then
he gets open know and the other truth is
that we both were working a lot at the
time and then so when I was working he
was hanging out with my mom and he
attached himself to my mom which is kind
of what you always do when they hang out
with a certain person for a long time
they become like that's their mom and he
basically just was like um that's my mom
not you and we were like all right you
know I just want him to be happy and my
mom loved him like so much like they
were best buddies and so I went ahead
and let them have each other because
they were meant for each other kind of
thing oh thank you guys I've been
getting so many tweets cuz Missy tweeted
about me being sick I just want to thank
you guys because they really do help me
feel better or it's cool that you guys
don't care about me yeah look it I'm so
sad it's cool that you guys care about
us all right guys I'm gonna go ahead and
end it um if you don't like this blog
just go watch last year's it's in the
description and on the answer yeah you
guys are gonna hopefully we weren't
complaining a not vlog I can't remember
I know I'm sorry that this was such a
downer video if you needed a downer
upper video then you should watched
yesterday's to analyze um anyways I
can't say I hope you enjoyed them all I
hope we didn't make you too sad
but thumbs it up so that because it
makes us feel better when we see that
you guys thumbs up our vlogs alright
guys we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
like Olivia messiahs like moving his
face around nothing he's exhausted from
this trip I hope he sleeps on the plane
but I'm worried that could be sleeping
now we're gonna have a rowdy baby we can
get it up in the plane give me a little
crazy that music so much you guys side
is a great place to stuff official we're
letting all you run around Oh we'll pick
him there he goes there he goes I'm
alive yeah we're getting ready we're
just uh oh sorry
waiting for our flight and it's funny we
actually just ran into Charles Trippy
looks like he's right over there
