okay you guys you want to see our new
kitty ollie if you want to see the new
kitty don't see the new kitty
do amazing things look at these boys
doing housework
Oliver's helping dad no he's not
Oliver decided to make a mess yeah you
remember that good morning guys
guess what my hair and makeups done I
feel like I lately have just been kind
of slacking because I just haven't felt
like doing my hair even though I kind of
do do it but like you know I kind of
have it today I did it and I did my
makeup and I feel good so that's
exciting Oliver did you do your hair and
makeup hey are you still helping dead
dude did you get oh okay Brian did you
do your hair and makeup yeah don't I
look pretty
Wow gorgeous I don't understand he
really does it so good to me that girls
put on makeup every single day I do have
a theory and this might not even be a
theory it might be real when we're in
high school girls put on makeup because
we have like sits and blemishes and just
like all kinds of issues and we're
self-conscious and so we put on makeup
but guys have the same thing like they
usually have acne in their faces look
right and they don't put on makeup and
guess what Brian had acne in his face
it's perfect
perfect I mean it's pretty normal
looking my face has scars and I'm
wondering if maybe it's because we put
on makeup
it creates the scars you know what I
mean I don't know if that's even true
I'm sure there are plenty of guys with
look at Oliver he's finally not afraid
of the horsey but don't you dare try and
ride it if you write it he'll get scared
again
but he thinks it's pretty cool he
doesn't want to hear the sound and he
mostly just wants to sweep the floor
with it he's like I gotta get in here
you get the horsey a kiss
ah there you go you want to write it
like this see we're writing it you
goddamn right it alright good job
Oh today I think I'm gonna try out the
chalkboard wall I think it's happening
you guys I'm gonna chalk this baby up
and see if I can't get some cool stuff
going on it because I'm sick of waiting
and I keep sitting here and looking at
my empty shelf and I really want to go
into the garage and get my box of stuff
because I have books and I just have a
ton of office stuff that I want to
unpack but I just can't help but think
that that Black Widow is going to be
there which by the way I called the pest
guy he was here yesterday and he said he
would come by at the end of the week
completely do the garage to sort of
clean it out and make sure that nothing
can get in so I have goose bumps but
yeah I'm just so sad because my sad
little shelf is empty and I want to fill
it with things oh and I need to order
two more of those boxes on target
they're on sale right now I need to do
it while they're on sale there's my
little monster hi buddy you're all
dressed and ready you wanna have some
fun today one go somewhere fun it's
happening we have to go outside we have
to go into the garage do you see her
wait the dead spiders gone too literally
just like I'm taking my man and I'm out
of here
misty your hair looks really pretty
apparently I'm supposed to say something
about him we're headed into you Chuckie
Cheese look at all these tokens and
tickets me phone I know we just fit in
the box put these in here a long time
ago we've been saving them so we're like
we got some time to kill before we go
pick up Karma
so Ally's gonna run around and let some
energy out
that big ol mouse I'm pretty sure chucky
cheese has like the best arcade games
it's one token to play every single game
- oh look at this
that's cool huh - small dice we do it
you know
alright I'll he's gonna write this one
here we go
I think you liked it but it was a little
bit weird machine
guys are these things we're due for a
Disneyland trip part we haven't been in
a while what's it been like three weeks
all right all are you ready okay no idea
what to think
bye-bye
why are we fine
look at these ginormous a baby corn I
certainly never seen baby corn this big
I can just eat the whole thing I love
baby corn really it tastes like a big
piece of corn
look at this cool little ride you guys
that has a screen with a little game on
it and you're supposed to turn and like
collect all the coins and stuff and you
have to stay away from the bad things he
loves it though Missy and this game has
a very hatred relationship
we're getting a little card meet for
Ollie you guys should see he has the
greatest expression ever they're making
it right there oh look at that
proscape you got pro skateboarder whoa
does he think she's really good at this
game yeah you actually are kind of good
at this not funny
yeah for bloggers fair no I can't
Oh Brian come on you can do better than
this we clearly need to get a basketball
hoop and we need less food stuff this is
gonna try so she can make me feel
horrible
yeah
please get less than 27 the high score
the groomers are here to take vo and
where are you karma and awesome as usual
and karma for his haircut they actually
parked right outside oh wait hang on
hang on damn oh it didn't get in
no thank you come on come on jump in go
boy oh boy I Carmen have a good haircut
we're headed back from my mom and Carmen
looks nice Tommy's listening at the back
for better but he looks really really
good they did a really good job and they
didn't really get jhanas tail it's like
short but still fluffy I don't want I
don't like it too friends like them to
shave his tail because I feel like
that's like a huge part of who he is
it's like his tail anyways I was just
going through so in the comments and I
think I read one earlier that said that
I said a bad word and this one says that
I said they said about lmao Missy did
you say holy s backward at 11:25 I
haven't bought gaga to hear it but no I
did not say the f-word and the other day
someone said I said the f-word right I
didn't okay we here's the thing like I
really don't cuss ever I'm not licensed
I cuss all the time sometimes Brian
Brian stop okay
but I don't really cause it I mean I'm
I'm
before I'm not saying I don't cuss so
I'm not a person that kind of person I
like curses or anything okay you guys so
Missy and I have been talking now that
were the new house and Karma's situated
and stuff we need another pet so we
decided we're gonna get a little cat I
want to do this with karma in the car so
he could get used to the cat like in the
car and not like you know cuz at home
he's kind of like skin he's like this is
my place what you do it super smart yeah
okay you guys you want to see our new
kitty Holly if you want to see the new
kitty go see the new kitty look at the
new kitty oh do you know the new kid
wait what's wrong with that cat that's
way too grumpy to be a part of the
family Brophy cat ah no we're totally
kidding we didn't get anything but I
needed an official grumpy cat for my
office because my office is gonna be
kind of like internet themed so we put
it up good old grumpy here it's a broom
I guess the store called like remember
when so I like remember when it's like
toys that they had when they were a kid
yeah grumpy huh gonna give a hug poor
cat okay gotta give you the official
look of karma see your haircut buddy
come here
oh look at Doug cute face so they
trimmed up his ears and kind of blended
it in with his body it's got just a nice
but it's still like soft and he still
feels like fluffy but it's nice and
shape mmm cool does look very nice karma
I want to jump into I hear you oh yeah
important things to do like didn't
and putting the baby to bed okay guys so
we're coming out here to get the box so
I thought the best way to do it is
during the day well I think we found the
spider and I'm pretty sure she's dead
let's kill her just in case yeah I mean
we should definitely smash her a couple
times looking now she she moving
no she's completely okay don't look
every or if you don't afraid don't look
but here she comes there she is ladies
and gentlemen dead as a death spider
ever could be that's her little red dot
yes that black widow I can't believe he
killed her
awliyas at this stage where he hates
food period Missy's mom made some really
yummy chicken and wild rice soup and so
were feeding him chicken
he loves chicken and now he's know he
knows how to push this off so we totally
need a new highchair now because he just
like pushes it off and literally the
plate of food will hit the floor it's
just like crazy oh yeah we got dinner up
and coming made some orange chicken some
fried rice and generals chicken have any
generals yeah I thought this was
different
no that's orange chicken that's generals
yeah doing some Chinese food tonight
oli is sleeping the sweeping the floor
hey hey buddy you missed a spot right
there yeah right there thank you
he's a good sleeper we just put him to
work what are you doing are you trying
to get in there it's like my father
makes a big Queen right yeah nothing in
there
you're very cute come on it's time for
bed come on all right you done sweeping
it who's got it in there you might check
it out you guys I got stuff on my
chalkboard with the Apple logo cuz you
gotta have Apple
on the chalkboard and I pinned up my
hashtag sign and the hashtag is spider
suck because well spiders suck but if
you guys have any ideas of what I should
put on my chalkboard wall let me know in
the comments below and maybe I'll pick
one or two and and throw them up here
but I really like their yeah yeah if you
guys enjoyed today's vlog be sure to
click that like button and if you are
new to our vlogs subscribe
grumpy says to subscribe fun fact about
grumpy you guys her real name is tartar
sauce collective oh my cute all right
we're gonna go cuz my battery is
flashing but we will see you guys
tomorrow
shape I grumpy you guys want to get
grumpy a hug Oh
did you learn a new way to nod your head
he's not in yes now Holly I it almost
looks like he's rocking out just picked
up a ton of packages all he's roaming
around and he found a thing of toys
