good morning hey that's the wrong baby
Jackson's just cute look at his little
smile this is our son baby that boy is
gonna do amazing things I just tell him
Brian I was like he's not such a good
boy how much we like look he knows it
too you know he's like yeah what's up
good morning ollie Oliver what are you
doing oh how soon do you think we'll be
pointing this camera at two babies and
saying good morning oh yeah he grabs his
binky like really been into him but
whenever baby has me like I'm a kid
beautiful beautiful Seattle we are
headed up to the monorail because we're
gonna take it down to Pikes Place just
like waterfront so the ocean is yeah
like you thought anywhere near the ocean
we just took it easy this morning and
try to relax and recover and I feel
great
wait and you know no dude I feel great I
need it I needed it honestly all these
late nights have been really really
rough so this is the Seattle monorail it
leaves every 10 minutes but Jarrod
walked up to buy a ticket what did you
say I said one ticket to the monorail
please see here this is so good
Elvis actually wrote this thing in 1962
honey crank it crank that baby crank it
Hey Oh Jack Raleigh Versailles Denver is
it getting harder it's like a halfway in
between that one and that one
the only monorail we've really ridden is
the one at Disneyland miss
we're trapped are you anybody yeah we're
going in between the EMP museum
oh yeah I got me some Brio is that
brioche free okey I don't know French
toes biscuits and gravy for this really
awesome place just like pikes Pikes
Place all they want something you want
something it's good Daleks poaching
salmon huh I know it's different I like
it she's gonna try some of Ellie salmon
fishing
what do you thinking I cannot believe
she did that she's brave I'm proud of
you
Seattle whoa is a full of amazing stuff
we just ate a delicious breakfast look
what's going on over here you guys you
can't just
what
look what we've stumbled upon you guys
yeah it's a very small Starbucks I feel
bad for everyone in line basically you
could go to the Starbucks around the
corner grab something walk in front of
the first Starbucks ever and then take a
picture of you that's how it works
oddly enough - I'm at Starbucks since
I've been in Seattle this is beautiful
you guys this is the end of the Pikes
Place Market I've got two big totem
poles here actually I've seen total
holes everywhere yeah I think it's like
Indian land right yeah I mean that's
like Washington like all the cities
ornega try it enough yeah that's cool
and this is the water
Missy you can buy a pipe
I want only to like walk around and
explore and stuff so Missy and Ellie are
holding his hands it's Jared and I just
stopped right here like wait where are
they yeah they're way over there you
guys are like the hottest lesbian couple
ever this is so cool you guys we are at
the waterfront by the Seattle Aquarium
and we're just checking things out I
think we're gonna meet Murray down here
sweet girl in the we'll look at that to
leave a bit of space needle I bet
there's a lot of really good fish over
there oh yeah that's cool
oh dear 50 Cent's yeah we are at the
aquarium
Wow it's pretty cool huh this is so cool
I love aquariums and we might never go I
think have you ever been to one I don't
need you and I oh really
Oh piranhas the piranhas that's really
from no I'm just kidding Bobby so cool
uh-huh
really Wow
so great like reaching on his hand he
might like I love it he would just grab
it
I know yeah because that is how big you
are compared to a shark
we got a ways to go this is the on
that is some management
yeah interesting huh oh look it's giving
you a hug
we are at Suzy's lemonade's and they are
making us fresh lemonade they're doing
it right here that's crazy so you just
do one lemon it sounds so good it's like
really hot else instead of Seattle's
Best Coffee we just got Seattle's best
lemonade yo it's fresh drop it like us
ha good for Seattle we're local
we are locals we really look like locals
don't we
here is the Seattle big wheel it's
pretty big actually what are you
expecting it to be that big
no honestly I thought it's gonna be a
lot of small things to be as big as they
are that's the biggest fairs got
everything
everyone in the comments right now is
saying that's what she said to say these
your play grand theft auto of course and
then you have to snipe the guy who's on
the ferris wheel
yes I've done them laughs hey tickle I
am
do you think I think we got a little
scarlet here and a Murray and Ryan and
suka looking at school high waited in
line to get on the great wheel and
actually the line is going very fast in
a we're from California so we're used to
standing in lines
that's just like a thing there yeah in
the Great Wheel it's going up right now
it's pretty frequently really enough
enough real is like from kind of rocky a
good mental wrong holding out you can
sit right here look at that what do you
think baby see it's really high I read
the top yes don't know oh my eyes okay
looking down there into the water early
at this place yeah Ghirardelli and XS
they're making out and request their own
one second up there that was so cool so
now we know why you guys chose your own
because we had all the screaming babies
and you got to make a line there was a
little making out see it was okay he's
hungry he's ready for like food ready
for food just like Daddy Court is in
session
judge oli is what do you got the hammer
for buddy
okay now getting a little crazy
I think we know what's going on they've
just been making out for like 15 minutes
straight should be fun
probably one of the most popular places
here so I thought we'd hit it up be
careful with that buddy whose kid is
this whose kid is this you come look
what happening here
these three are about the first actually
if you're getting in on that too right
because this is crazy I got me some
calamari Red Bull for Game Jam
oh we need this hammer buddy is that
okay can we get another hammer thanks
you can have it the kids always wear
look at this little guy I'm gonna be
honest and my shrimp would like that can
you eat the head no I've all taken away
and it's kind of like oh man you take it
legs off I guess the slip it's like
little bit remove the bottom
Ellie you're so cute you waste no time
look at her just got done with dinner
and she's hearty like ice cream letting
Ollie walk around and look what he found
what is that buddy at the carousel that
yes these I want to go on that we should
go on that
hi Scarlett
this is a very fast carousel this is not
like the ones at guys
we are in Whitman and 36th Street and
down here Waze is a bridge and it's just
like a residential street but it's
really cool because there's a really
cool carving of a troll that's kind of
famous in Seattle yeah so we're gonna
check it out
apparently trolls exist more than just
the YouTube comments so this should be
fun I mean II know I made a YouTube joke
okay ready look at this you guys Wow
I've only seen pictures of this thing oh
is that a car oh my gosh there's a car
in his fist babe how cool is this
it's even got like his hands sorry and
his face
j-money were you AK hey do these try it
on the troll troll mama troll there they
are that's pretty good you guys see how
this isn't this is it like a car kind of
thing it's a real here's some info about
the Freemont role if you guys want to
pause and read
it's just so cool that things like this
exist you know like this is outside of
the norm who would call carve like a
sculpture under bridge I think that's so
dope Jerry's the best Parker in the
world not we have reunited with everyone
we got Sam and Jen and Tyler Missy's out
there texting hey babe look up I just
messed in with you there's nothing left
there we're headed to the gum wall to
get an Instagram so go check my
Instagram for a picture babe this is it
working on a piece mister you working on
a future yeah we're all working on a
piece of gum beautiful come around she's
like that's like I'm sure they haven't
okay Ben you ready okay Fred come
together
yeah put our come together and then you
do it whoa baby you got this
oh yeah put it in the red hole yeah babe
you just made a little bit of history
not amazing part of the gumline look it
looks like a little heart and oh it does
that is some really weird
yeah that's macro calm well action this
is happening yes it's really gross I
know this is really cool and people do
like designs with it like that when to
the hearts oh and look at there's a bee
that is a very that is it very big lava
gum I don't know how someone did that
wants to see the puppy there so there's
so many awesome street performers here
I've noticed I'm right under the air
back
we're on the monorail my room where the
Space Needle with all these cool people
I just think it's so cool not like we're
all friends and we're all here in this
city medic monorail Center space I just
there's something about that you know
like community that will all build on
YouTube I think it's pretty go
not even that big what do you mean it
looks like it looks at the same size as
one that in Vegas did you know that it's
made out of all cedar yeah once all it's
easy
I was dude that's madness
that is what one solid piece I'll
believe you
okay it's not the guy said on the dark
music le that part was a joke but it
does have a basement
you're not idiot that's okay I thought
she was too I said if it's real
oh my gosh tell me anything and I'll
probably that grandma's maybe figure out
how that would be yeah let's read that
the Gunderson victory and a Space Needle
here was built back in 1962 when Seattle
hosted the World's Fair the theme of
that fair was the century 21 age of
space that's how we got the name Space
Needle at this time this was the tallest
building west of the Mississippi River
at 605 feet per one hundred eighty four
meters at that top lightning rod we are
at that's a palace banks
we're gonna go check out this with you
this is so cool you guys look how
beautiful this is
it's crazy how tall up we are right now
kind of freaky like it kind of messes
your brain apparently though there was
an earthquake here in 91 and it was a
6.8 earthquake and it did nothing to the
Space Needle if I was on top of the
Space Needle during that probably
freaked out bless you guys
54 million visitors late got off the
elevator and no joke
we went down way faster and everything
was like going up and down for a while
afterwards it was really quite freaky
but of course after you are done with
the Space Needle it drops you up in a
gift shop your camera looks since so
much better shape in mine I keep doing
this at the same diet yeah why not that
looks awesome he's holding both cameras
right I've got both cameras on me I've
got both cameras on Brian
what you guys need to do is you need to
watch both of our vlogs at the same time
so you can see this cool effect cuz it's
going to be crazy listen guys thanks so
much for watching the vlogs today we've
had a blast doing all of the things that
we did today we did so many things can
you guys count all the things that we
did today let us know in the comments
everything we did two mommies are tired
oh I've got a blinking light on my
battery hey listen guys I want you to go
down and I want you to click the thumbs
up button right now because we had an
awesome time and make sure if you're on
my camera here make sure you go
subscribe to daily bumps because they're
freaking awesome and they've been so
good to us and if you're on my camera go
subscribe to Jared and Ellie because
they're good-looking they put out good
locks their baby is cute wasn't it for
the babies do it for the babies guys all
right so I've gotta end the vlog so have
a wonderful day thanks for watching
you're awesome
kiss yourself in the face no cameras
kids Oh mm could you take bites out of
them
what's going on
this is my apology to everyone who was
in line to meet us the first time I'm
sorry
they just assured us to this kind of
creepy back area it's got a lot of
creepy equipment
it's got creepy people and almost and I
can't even let Oliver run around and
she's just gonna get into all this
