oh my gosh you guys look who I just
spotted huge youtuber Jerry go hey hey
uh yeah Wow it's um bro Brian right yeah
this my name only got a nose ring hey
this is our son Bailey
the boys do amazing things
ah don't be weird they're headed to
vlogger fair hashtag blog affair
are you there did we meet you though
we're all dressed up look at Missy dang
Missy it was good baby bro I like the
skirt he's got his little bow are you
playing with the quacker I think he is
yeah we don't really know what to expect
because this is our first vlogger fair
it's only the second annual vlogger fair
but I heard Chris Parrillo put on a
pretty good event last year so should be
exciting are you vlog bombing me get on
my bra I'm doing this kids vlog bombing
me hi always that's all it takes to get
that one smiling all you get to do is
look at him go
sounds good huh huh let's get out
sounds actually I don't know blue skies
yeah we could probably do some if we
look directly into it then the hive
Isles would like you know I mean blis
she's super special VIP she is semi
responsible for this whole thing and she
has killed it did you see her last night
in the vlog she looked amazing we're
gonna have a blast
you wanna go with some food you guys
this is by far Ali's favorite sponsor I
would say buy the cocoa and he's just
gonna grab his coconut and he's like
peace out
oh hey hey meet a new friend he's all
ready to destroy the set twice so
there's that yeah
seriously though he loves coconut water
I don't know why I can't stand it I
think it's tastes like sweat I'm not
gonna say that for them but he's bucks
you know nothing an awesome man huh
definitely oh that's dumb
that's the quacker from the ride the
duck store we did really ya know what
that was ok so babe here by the way and
no I'm not hitting on him he's just made
from gamy baby hahaha
it's almost hot and ready you ready you
ready
everyone's getting here hey that's a new
way to do it huh water fair is
and we're walking out we're just kind of
hanging out over here
oh where you going oh there you go these
are supposed to be wolves but he doesn't
think they're very good where are you
going oh look at that
like peace out mom I'm gonna go meet my
fans that's the cutest baby ever
I know it's just so like surreal but hey
you say hot key thing my name is baby
Olly
so the hell that's cool little bit hi
how are you good
hey let's go little VIP lounge and I was
chilling in here with Missy and then all
of a sudden I was like wait where's she
- see that's perfect we got all these
cool beeps sorry to show up and turn up
you're raising oh sorry I'm like I'm
crashing people's photos hi I feel like
no one cares about me everyone's just
like whatever it's just me so what'd you
think of it this is why we can't have
nice things Ollie cuz you take bites out
of them knock-knock what's going on
this is my apology to everyone who was
in line to meet us the first time I'm
sorry
they just assured us to this kind of
creaky back area it's got a lot of
creepy equipment
it's got creepy people and all this and
I can't even let Oliver run around cause
it's just gonna get into all this
this is not a very kid-friendly place is
it we'll figure it up they figure it out
we got a daily family vlogger conga line
going here a little choo-choo train
thing going on you'll all be there
should be listening to these
instructions tell me anyway Jacque we're
going out this is very new to me this is
just crazy that we contact me to a
family car oh isn't this I think that's
amazing you guys are amazing this blows
my brain
and we don't trip alright did it TRADD
my favorite more sequins TV which
looking too
he is totally fine moms you know when I
did it there's a lot of fun something
fun to be together and we I put up like
morning first vlogs on our family even
loved it they just love to see a family
in Iraq so it was something I never the
lean years thought this will happen but
language it and it's a lot of fun
looking for this for you guys now thank
you guys families and I'm just curious
you guys considered part of her
jarick Optus you got this bro now broken
toes look at that for was so much fun
Ollie was definitely getting cranky the
last time is he sleeping
oh my gosh he actually might be sleeping
on Emily right now
god
do they have a crab we can put it over
yeah perfect
kind of a good thing thank you so much
Emily she is like a baby whisperer you
guys should this she watched our kids
last night and she took him from the
stage and MIT like he literally fell
apenas he wasn't walking off the stage
oh my gosh she has a channel too
you volunteer you volunteer it's a blog
channel I'll have it linked below okay
thank you
this is the vlogger fair nursery
apparently we got little Baxter you guys
should add your baby to the to the vlog
of our nursery if she had watched 22
kids at once yeah so she's gonna call
your baby look at what's her name she
made her own daily bumps I think that's
us I'd like a really big yeah really big
so much going on at 1:00 all right guys
this is Bailey creations
I got her channel to get well first of
all I love your hair that's amazing and
she has something what do you have what
that's that's that's what oh good
we got a vlogger fair diaper oh hi all I
needs a diaper change so we're trying to
make our way to the green room
that guy is very green oh and so our
skit that's funny high horse you can
wrap the shark I went some food for the
kids not going on here we have to walk
all this it's gonna be a really really
fun day it's right it's also be really
exhausting this hill is not very sorry
but I'm like dying I miss he's a trooper
she's wearing these shoes and hoping it
what's up Tyler Oakley is on so
everyone's going
and rightly so the iSchool got no more
huh oh it's okay
Oh baby
the reason every issue
Oh pity baby check this out you guys Liz
just hooked us up with some Canadian
chocolate let me know if you guys know
about anything so we got it oh oh oh oh
Henry like that really coffee Chris this
Smarties ooh these are good I like these
Oh crunchy I love these people send me
these all the time because I can't find
these anywhere here Emery want it on
this team Cali Austin is killing it
right now on his basketball game a
little Noah checking up hey it's the
first time I've seen his face hey buddy
there we go there we go we're trying to
get more groceries got this
whoo yeah killed it bro
Austin killed it not to say that was
cool I was cool game to watch that's
cool huh yeah like I have no I hae thing
in it yeah we've been getting ready to
go we're headed to dinner and check out
with Jackson's away adorable and check
out Wally's very Brown shoes yes who are
they I don't know if I like this game
they're the same size Jackson is this
Shire yeah and his is way loose I got a
nine month but he seriously could do
like a back of my shirt off oh my god no
the same outfit same size wear anything
of it wouldn't be a planet we had no
idea it was so funny there's been just a
really busy busy crazy day we had so
much fun at fogger fair meeting a lot of
you guys and just happy like a great
time it was I feel like it was one of
the best events that we've gone to just
because we really got to like talk to a
lot of people and hang out with you guys
so it was a lot of fun and all I got a
little bit overwhelmed there at the end
that he just was crying like I think it
was just really over stimulating for him
in a way and like every time someone
come up he was just like ah
Jackson's in a pretty good mood yeah he
sucked a little bit bad the Haitian um
but yeah now we're headed to dinner with
a bunch of people so that's going to be
a lot of fun hopefully we'll be able to
show you guys what we're doing and
hanging out who were hanging out with
and stuff feel like it might be the
first restaurant that we'd really I feel
like the V and junk my garage have we
get something to eat were like this
isn't very good that we want this
Seattle field tackle a go to dinner yeah
we want to like experience the Seattle
food and we've like we had D McDonald's
yesterday so it was a little bit
upsetting
Rowena's right now while you and Kristen
camera no good okay that is really so I
always like pulled it all apart yeah
yeah you're holding it so close there
are two lenses here and one lens
basically is on the top to modify that
it cut out to screw it into yep oh my
god
and it basically they make these here's
the thing they make these for real
estate the reason why is because when
you're threatening to get the hell in
your house thanks echo I guess yeah so
it's perfect because the weight the
weight they keep the hand isn't like
that where you're holding the camera
like this you can hope you can I can
call the lens this point is you can't a
modified oh it's a cool the blogger's
taken over book the bedlam
he's bowing down in respect to awesome
dude I love the shirt watch the show
though he never has that's ridiculous
I've made a huge mistake you don't even
get any of us a joke I know you can't
just say the name of they know like what
the heck is everything on me oh we just
get to add bleep Tibet ball and Italian
restaurants pretty stoked let's really
don't look at almost okay Colin Colin
can we please sit under all the girls
eating spaghetti how's she gonna be like
this Adam thank you a lot of people are
leaving this just like Maggie
so actually che and the girls just left
and
absolutely because actually their flight
is generally this is the last time we're
going to see them until
we've left over like a few ways that
like will see baby dick in Marshak or
playlist karaoke said well the baby's
gonna come down better go meet the boss
yeah they come in like this serves like
four people always hot like ya got
spaghetti is dope he loves us look at it
means we gotta you guys it's the cutest
thing of the world shoes but I got me
some chicken chicken pom-pom food you
get all these fun people
what it's like when you have dinner with
bloggers you guys we should recorded a
huge one take for Sam and then it was
named reporting so that's fun oh yeah
cutie the peepee what's going on over
there he does the face guy all he's so
adorable
he's like jelly baby like he moves how
you want him to move you know in the
meanwhile we have our little nanny over
here taking care of oh my goodness
here we go here we go holly is getting
all ready for bed yeah it is bad it was
cool shirt on it I don't think we showed
him this year heavily is the same one of
you er got them both one lettuce
turn up turn up the beat let us turn up
the beat and he loves his new monkey he
got a ton of presents today thank you so
much you guys this one is so cute and he
loves it okay so most of you are
probably completely salivating and this
is ridiculous okay so we got the hugest
dessert platter at the restaurant and
we're all just going to chill and eat
some dessert we got a dark
double chocolate cake cheesecake I think
that's the Italian cream and what is
this it does look like a pancake oh my
gosh this looks amazing
yeah Missy's eye on the Charlie would
you try I wanted to try this jerk you
tell me not to so just wait until we're
all ready to know Oh work totally just
check my I stole my bye no we can again
write or do we have to Instagram all
this don't do though where you get like
a really good dessert you're like I got
a picture that's for yeah it's basically
what we're about to do but I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog it was
absolutely amazing meeting so many of
you guys today one of the most surreal
humbling experiences that we've ever
encountered so I just appreciate all
your guys love and support vlogger fair
was a blast
be sure to go check out uh Ellie and
Jared can I give you guys a ship Nate
you like jelly jelly jelly
holy jelly jelly yes shall we read up
gently be sure to go check out jellies
vlog thumbs up today's vlog if you are
hungry now and we will see you guys
tomorrow bye
gosh is so cool now we're in the water
buddy been crazy so cool no
