good morning guys good morning ollie
look what's happening outside something
Crazy's happening before has he
I'm sure it's raining its water come
from the sky amazing look at that you
guys it is raining and Missy and I are
like our pools already full enough we
don't need more water son baby
boy is going to do amazing things
smells like rain yeah it really does
smell really good like a warm California
rain - is it raining too much the vlog
about then what is this it's raining
what do you think yeah look it look at
all the raindrops is it fun yeah go like
this Ollie go ah is raining outside and
it barely ever rains in California it's
very rare that it rains in California
so it's kind of like a big deal to us so
yeah I'm gonna go in the pool while it's
raining already sighs jumpin water's
gonna go everywhere it's so high PES
ready three two one whoa so go do
did water go everywhere little bit man
there's just something about swimming in
the rain you guys it feels so good what
is it about swimming in the rain all
right the rubber ducky says it's 85 and
it's 85 outside yeah that's funny but
you guys I think you're gonna be gone
for a morning swim
yeah
he got frozen on we're talking about
Shelly and David this morning on skype
and she was talking about how Eden loves
frozen I was like I'm gonna have to put
that on again and see if all her likes
it and he's actually been doing okay
although you've been tearing apart all
his toys look it he's looking at her
lips tears about TBD
no I would just be so happy if he sat
still for like let's just say a number
we don't want to be a drone no no but
like what if he could just like
concentrate on one thing for like ten
minutes that'd be amazing
oh so I mean it's probably a good thing
that he's not like addicted to TV or
anything but the same time it would be
really nice to be like if you like love
the TV show I would think that's
adorable
um but anyways Brian's cooking up some
good stuff right now
yeah I was invited for dinner but I'm
headed to a movie so I was like I guess
I'll make this for a super late lunch
yeah so we're not like a late lunch and
I'm doing that mongolian beef I've
marinated yesterday putting brown sugar
in there a couple two cups oh oh and
that's my family they're here my cuz
Brian is my dad look at this huh looks
good
come on going beef noodles yeah check
that out have you tried any of it no oh
yeah I tried though neat it's really
good it is really good it's a really
sweet and tender because I think cuz we
marinated it you know yeah
I always forget like how how good man
Ewan me is sometimes oh I've had the
green beans yeah
Rajon cool I'm excited late lunch yeah
this is a pretty crazy lunch I guess we
were hungry huh
I'm starving today yeah what do you
think yeah I'm good
that sauce is good huh it's like kind of
sweet yeah I think it there me like like
charred like they do you know I think
maybe it's even thinner and smaller yeah
but super tender and has a ton of flavor
all right kind of has he tried anything
not quite yet hey you want a new it all
and you know you gotta open your mouth
yup oh man look at this you guys Hunger
Games we are saying guardians of the
galaxy and I'm exerted you haven't been
to an IMAX 3d in so long
but that poster that looks so cool I
know miss you super excited for that and
I'm excited to see this movie too
the boys are off to a movie and I've got
all of our taking a little nap
hey he always wants to go out when I
start vlogging um and we're gonna have a
little girls time huh oh so happy we do
it like we are actually gonna paint my
nails my nails are really really painful
and so I'm gonna put on this hard as
raps hardener I don't know I got this at
Target and I'm gonna put like 20 coats
on and hopefully that helps because
obviously the gel nails just come off
because I'm in the water all the time I
don't want to do acrylic I'm telling you
right now like this is just how my nails
have always been like since I was a kid
they've never been any better I've taken
vitamins I've done everything and
they're just I don't have very good
genetics when it comes to my nails so I
have to put 20 coats of hardest nail on
them and hopefully that works all easy
in dinner and auntie's feeding him how's
it going he's not the best year he's
kind of like destructive when he eats
and he gets it everywhere and it
he doesn't yeah he's just crazy I made
cookies I just made the rest of our last
batch they are so good are they better
than Benjamin's yeah there looks
different
yeah I feel like it is different yeah I
think they're just a totally different
type of cookie like the other ones are
more like grainy sugary right yeah you
can like taste the grains of sugar in
the salt and they're really buttery yeah
and these are more these are more fluffy
and chewy so it's just kind of like a
type of cookie I really like the other
ones too so now as you can tell dinner
is going very well over there yeah we've
just been watching movie painting my
nails like how many coats do I have on
here now mmm like 4 X is for not quite
20 but we're getting there and they're
starting to feel a little bit better
because they were just so thin and yeah
like I said that's just how they're good
as you guys it is still raining rainy
dreary gray all that good stuff
whoa and slippery apparently you stopped
by Freebirds grab some burritos and just
got out of the movie the movie was
amazing you guys guardians of the galaxy
and you have to stay until the end
credits because there's like a little
snip you know how they end up end of
Marvel movies there's always like a
little snippet a little extra something
so look at this this is what I do the
burritos put them in the baby seat there
we go
I got myself a poster too today gonna
see what's in it and I'm really excited
so I ordered two posters for my office
so ever they don't have room and I
wanted to do the originals originals you
guys don't know are the ones they do
limited print and they're only for movie
theaters when the actual movie is in
theaters so these are no reprints or
anything there
the original posters they're kind of
rare little Oh lettuce on there oh there
we go
good see what movie do you think it is
let me know in the comments below you
ready I'm going to reveal it
oh my god I love this movie you guys and
I just had to have on posters
it's so cool so this movie just came out
so you can get the movie original movie
posters and these things will actually
be worth money years down the road so I
also ordered a Harry Potter and the
Prisoner of Azkaban one its original and
it already goes for like over a hundred
bucks but I found a really really good
deal so I was really stoked for it so
yeah baby is asleep well sort of he's
trying to fall asleep at the moment um
but I've got the family here because
guess what it's a viewing party if you
don't know I'm my favorite book and
might be my mom's favorite book actually
because she she read it first and then
she got me in good um but it's called
Outlander by Diana Gabaldon and I've
read it like years ago he read it how
long ago did you read it
Oh 15 years ago yeah and I didn't read
it I just know everything that happens
because Missy was like good I actually
I'm pretty sure I spent one night
telling him the entire story from front
to end like every detail thinking they
were going to make a big TV series oh
yeah dad you hurt did you read it
yep no dad's read it so yeah this is
like a big do mean I'm very excited
about we're huge fans I know I never I
never thought it was gonna happen
so anyways on Starz started the series
and they actually released it early on
YouTube and like an hour-long show so if
you guys want to watch it go check it
out let's Game of Thrones basically
exactly alright it just ended and the
family has all left my personal opinion
is that it was so good it's if if you
read the books then you're gonna be like
holy crap they like when they did it
like to the tea I feel like you
basically like fangirl the entire time I
made Harry Potter into TV series yeah I
told you he's like yeah I think that if
a book because the TV series like this
an hour long like sessions like that
like feel like you're gonna get so much
more like detail and your book is
actually going to come to life whereas
if it goes no movie is me like but they
miss this and they've really got that
and
really explain this sorry the God seems
really yeah okay hmm
I always had the vlog with like a mid
half yawn in that funny
it's fine uh funny some people probably
there's no I don't miss he's actually
watching the show again that's how big
of a fan girl she's you guys she's she
was like really into it I will note that
you guys should probably not watch the
show unless she married or over 18
I guess you could watch it if you're
over 18 don't be a sinner okay it was
kind of just like a really chill day it
rained all day but it was fun I'm really
glad I got to see guardians of the
galaxy that show was so dope I totally
want to see it again I may go tomorrow
after church we'll see but anyway I hope
you guys enjoyed today's vlog thank you
guys so much for watching you know what
happens next we'll see you tomorrow
probably okay bye isn't faith
see ya good good you can't give me you
can't give me oh oh you want water
bottle hey there goes off of the water
bubble car is cozy look at this is super
super vacuums the windows
