there is an adjoining door should I
knock on it
but he thinks behind the door this is
our son baby
the boy is going to do amazing things
it is 502 in the morning you guys in the
car is packed to the brim seriously
don't think anything else can fit back
here good morning guys we are headed to
blog affair oh and look who's up
good morning baby she falls asleep oh
that's very early I don't understand
neither do I hey guys we are often
airport without all our luggage and bags
Ollie totally fell asleep
that is nice you got a little freaked
out they're like what's going on why did
you just put me in the car I'm supposed
to be asleep and so he started crying
like it was like more like that I'm
totally freaked out right now some cry
so it was really sad all the sun's
starting to come up and we're headed to
Seattle okay
it's so really we literally got like
just like a couple hours of sleep my
eyes are like burning because I put
contacts in them
like no I'm not ready for your contact
yet my eyes fit so well this is a new
way of doing things on oh wait don't
don't put your monkey on I hold on damn
we have got this little contraption
right here pretty cool I like it
that was scary ego hold on dear monkey
he doesn't need any bananas away we go
little guy we made it he made it he's
getting really good huh yeah yeah that
was actually really nice we didn't have
to take our shoes off put things in like
little compartments or anything it was
actually really smooth and he looks so
cute in his little highchair now we're
looking for our gate and we're not
running we're not running misty how
amazing is that
we're not rushing to get to our gate
we're good yeah you're situated I'm
giving you some manner
he was hitting himself with his hammer
in the head which was quite funny and
then we gave him his monkey and he
started hitting his monkey
hey Joe here we made it right here
we're all situated we got all the
baggage always running around or falling
on his butt obviously hey this your cool
backpack well it's an owl he's still
hammering himself in the face he's
getting hammered we're actually waiting
for Oh buddy we're waiting for
Ghirardelli and Jackson to come in from
Salt Lake City and I think they might be
coming over here or somewhere else we
should obably see with their baggage
like that huh yeah they're gonna be
somewhere around here
oh I can look it up right there Salt
Lake City 15 there are 15 Missy there 15
another probably gonna come out an
elevator down there just so weird Jared
and I are in the same building right now
Missy where the State Building right
down them oh we got that I bet I wait
wait lolly we can't leave our luggage
I'm waiting for you to run dramatically
toward me dude we're the same building
right now oh my gosh you're gorgeous
what the hell what the heck
what is this oh my gosh this is so weird
this is so surreal oh my gosh I'm shaky
this is so Lucas I not yet Jane oh my
gosh she just had the biggest smile
could he just got out of the and there
it goes again
yeah
you guys are gonna be best buddies by
the end of this I know I got to get them
both out and then to have them crawl
around together or I guess all I walk on
top of men I know right but yeah check
out this this is all of our luggage
we've got like car seats and a million
luggages and bags and diaper bags and
strollers and everything that two
families could need was baby huh yeah
their cameras prettier thermal dink dink
dink Andy oh you like the ring he's so
cute he's even cuter in person you guys
if you you wouldn't believe it but he
really is today hi be so happy there's
easily meeting and try to say hi hey
Allie can you say hi not sick can you
see this oh babe you better tell him to
give that if he's such a nice boy here
okay we are in our van we rented a van
we are just now getting into the city
you guys got to check out this view Oh
check out these trees yeah yeah they're
not a valley Ryan thank you for showing
us that there we go guys check out the
city and there's the Space Needle it's
so tiny
that's what she said what is that like
Stadium that
Safeco Field that's where the Mariners
dude this place is beautiful I had a
dream when I was a little kid to go
watch the Mariners play back when Ken
Griffey junior jelly Cara Edgar Martinez
like that was my team the Monkees
Mariners was my team and they're gone
like you ever have those dreams as a
little kid you're like I want to see the
Mariners play at the stadium seriously
this place is beautiful
I told me see how like this is a test if
if I like it then we're gonna move here
what do you guys think should we move
here there's a little bit closer up with
a Space Needle you guys big ol elevator
headed up and it's gone we are walking
in downtown Seattle with these Goonies
hey it's raining and we're headed to
dinner so there's a really good pizza
place down here called Zeke's pizza and
our hotel wasn't quite ready which by
the way we have a little surprise for
you later on we'll tell you but we're
pretty much starving so we're gonna grab
some food and then hopefully just get
the rest of day there relax you travel
just like wears you out check this out
what did your still oh you're still on
jobs so good oh my gosh you guys okay we
got chicken bacon pineapple cilantro and
it is pretty much a bomb-dog bacon yeah
there's bacon yeah pizza without bacon
on it okay and actually all he's
actually eating it too hey Ollie hey do
you like your pizza thing okay good and
of course we had to get the the little
cheese for Missy she's a little piece
all right guys we are in our hotel look
at this hey hey are you crawling around
you should take a little crawler Ali's
watching him - girls are chatting look
at this you guys there is an adjoining
door should I talk on it what do you
think's behind the door
thank God I'd say what Oh
oh my gosh Brian guys hot what are the
odds that they put our rooms together
and connected them with a door I
wondered what that door was for
crazy we have J are you do it in here
alright we're in the elevator and we're
go grab some stuff we're gonna play
elevator roulette you know what that
means where's that mean finger butt
against the door and twerk twerk it
twerk it twerk it out twerk it out wait
should I be doing this yes you got it
you guys look at the Space Needle right
now look at that
look it's so pretty it's beautiful don't
go towards the light
no it is really pretty though
we decide we're gonna walk cuz we don't
lose our parking spot we have an ideal
parking spot and I will not lose that
yeah we are actually headed to gas
station to get some drinks and treats
for the ladies while they treat their
selves ah
can someone gift that including the
little Miranda sings eyebrow shrug that
she does oh man anyway hey the kids are
asleep in that room it was cool we have
adjoining rooms you guys but anyway hey
I'm gonna go ahead and end today's vlog
we had an amazing day and it's just
getting started so I hope you guys
enjoyed it click thumbs up if you did if
you guys aren't subscribed to our
channel and subscribe because we put out
videos every single day and hey go
subscribe to Ellie and Jared I will have
all their information linked below
you're basically going to get a
different account of what happened today
and their side of the story so should be
pretty interesting thank you guys for
watching and we will see you tomorrow
bye I should just like make it look like
their hands are behind there yes now
they're all just super polite do this
thing here we go I've got all the doors
open I've started the process of
cleaning it out and I'm going to tell
you the truth I can't find it I looked
under
