this is our son Bailey
the boy is going to do amazing things
good morning everyone I am up and out
driving I'm actually headed to my hair
appointment I'm getting my hair colored
because let's be honest it looks like I
have gray hair on top of my head it
comes in so much lighter than my AK hair
actually is that it just looks really
like dole and in certain lighting it
looks great so I keep getting comments
why do you like it hey gray hair I don't
have gray hair actually I'm pretty lucky
cuz I haven't had any gray hairs whereas
I know my mom got her first gray hair
when she was quite young like 18 19
years old surprised I still haven't seen
a gray hair yet but I'm get it dyed and
you know what there's a part of me that
wants to go a lawn or like blonde dish
or maybe like blonde something in there
I don't really know I talked to my
hairdresser I never know what I'm doing
when I go to my hair appointment but I'm
excited
good morning Garvie how are you look at
that tail Waggin what's up stretchin
gonna get your morning stretches easy
gonna get your water stretches in the
hall hey guys for real bro are you for
real right now are you for real right
now kid looking all dapper in your
bowtie I wish we could take you to
vlogger fair can we take you to vlogger
fair korma what up guys
Missy is off getting her hair done
actually just called and made an
appointment for me they're gonna try and
fit me in cuz I totally drop the ball as
usual didn't plan to well look what we
have this morning you guys
we ordered DISH Network mostly because
of Outlander what you need to go outside
go potty yeah if you guys don't know
stars has that new show Outlander and
Missy's obsessed with it because it's
basically based on all the books that
she used to read all the time so we
ordered some douche network up in here
and of course they give you like all the
the movie channels free for three months
so we we used to have DISH Network like
a long time ago it's gotten so much
cooler now honestly being able to like
pause live TV is amazing also
like to lose the remote a lot for
example and now you can click this
button here it how cool is that
hey I'm excited and I'm excited too
because we're going to be leaving for
Seattle at the end of the week with this
one it's got that thing
it's the hopper with sling so we can
actually watch live TV and all of our
recordings on our computer or tablet or
phone or whatever let it be nice if we
have any downtime at all although I
don't think we are I got my little ninja
chop I threw in some leftover chicken
cheese a little bit of mayonnaise I'm
gonna chop it all up together it's cool
cuz I can just throw it all in here and
it will make like my own chicken salad
but actually no it sounds good raisins I
actually like raisins and chicken salad
throw some raisins on there too
let's see if this turns out and there
you have it you guys chicken salad
sandwich that looks perfect actually but
I am hungry
wondering where Missy is she's been gone
for quite a while um I'm not sure but I
think she might be doing something crazy
to her hair hi guys I just got done my
hair and what do you think it's much
purpley or I feel like it's a little bit
more purpley um which it doesn't usually
last very long so I like it when it
lasts and I think it's really great
don't you guys can see but I did get
some long highlights in there so it's
like a little bit of blonde I don't know
if you can really tell because the winds
are going crazy I'm gonna slowly start
going blonder and going lighter cuz I've
been really wanting a little bit of a
change what do you think I love it my
car reeks oh my god it's so gross I
don't know what it is because I've
checked this car numerous times I don't
know what it is it's kind of a mixture
of like like that rotten
like cheese it smells so gross
gosh anyways so yeah let me see if I can
show it to you better so you guys can
kind of see like it's a little bit
blonder a little bit lighter right there
which i think is cool and I've got some
on this side too
look who's awake and naked ewwww hey how
was that bite that I gave you
I made Ollie a little half a sandwich
and I'm cutting these up while I'm
giving them to him and he seems to
actually like it what is that you want a
bite chew it up good we got this card
today and look what was inside
Australian money this is $20 in
Australian money yes you said we should
put it away for safekeeping so when we
go to Australia we can spend it ah
that'd be so cool I thinking is
understand this because this is cool
I know how come american money look so
stupid and everyone else's money looks
so cool money
feels so lay it feels like rubbery
there's a papery
and it's like clear and it's like so
playable should be hard to tear I think
it's really cool it's just a I can hear
b-t-dub
hey you got we need to poo I found this
Winnie the Pooh you gonna give it aah
hey go whoa love a silly buddy you guys
we are still getting birthday cards yeah
this is crazy only like 50 letters not
just cards but also letters from people
he's crazy
so I should tell you guys thank you for
the cards but please stop sending them
it's not his birthday anymore
things that these are still just coming
in yeah there we're getting a lot from
different countries so maybe they took
longer like this one
that's so cool they even put a
translation which I totally appreciate
got these awesome markers in the mail
today these are called chalk markers
there by chalk ink and someone actually
recommended these in the comments and I
was like holy cow I never knew chalk
markers actually existed these are
actually a liquid a little ball in there
and mix it up it's a liquid chalk is
when I put the chalk board up I was kind
of worried about dust I was like oh crap
it's going to generate a lot of dust and
it already has so if this works that
would be so cool oh it looks wet like a
marker that's pretty good it looks like
a marker and will it even kind of goes
on with the marker Oliver I'm pretty
sure this is why your daddy doesn't want
you in here
can't touch stop Brian definitely has
the least baby-friendly room in the
house but I'm working on it for the most
part it's not the big deal because he
just has to keep his door shut
are you doing blowing it up how do you
do it
remember you go oh don't fight it there
you go I drag it done filling it up you
graduate you guys like that's just so
funny
this is new little little boat song
gotcha
keeps a thank you thank you very much
yeah I just got done opening a bunch of
cards and letters and you guys are so
kind I do want to say that don't stop
sending us letters like we love reading
your letters yeah the birthday cards we
don't really need them anymore but we
love cards we still want you guys to
send us letters Ryan I've been telling
you all about the ditch stuff it's so
cool I'm so excited about I'm sure here
I told you guys about it right but I'm
just really excited to be able to watch
like Outlander and like Pretty Little
Liars I can now watch like the night up
alright guys how about that that a
little better it's a little better I
think I even rearranged the room oh
sorry store even rearranged the room a
little bit I don't know if this is how I
really want it but we'll figure it out
got hash tag vloggerfair up there
the official hashtag for a while because
we are headed to vlogger fair it's going
to be a big deal I want to put up like a
really inspirational quote so you guys
should let me know in the comments what
your favorite inspirational quote is
something short only like a dozen words
you know something easy that I can pop
up there and look at and be inspired
maybe I'll put it right next to grumpy
ugly what are you doing you sit on
cookies sitting on cookies cookies
oh are you stuck are you a little stuck
baby floods in all those cookies headed
into super tache we got to get some
stuff for our trip we were gonna do this
tomorrow but then we realize we're gonna
be packing like crazy tomorrow I know I
feel like I'm still behind you're not
behind me there's nothing to do worry
she always does is she always stresses
out and worries before a trip and then
everything's fine
we need snacks for the plane you guys I
gravitate to cookies just probably not
something you should be snacking on
planes and there's lots of yummy
crackers yeah what's your guys's go to
airplane food let me know in the
comments below because we're definitely
gonna need to grab something yummy to
snack on Ollie like crackers so it works
you get these ones whole we like the
whole lead but I don't like this all and
this ones
hint of salt what they have bacon
flavored Ritz Missy get him the bacon
ones get him the bacon ones he will love
you forever late-night dinner party
making happening right now pong it's
actually it's nine-thirty cookin I said
well Brian King I want to show you guys
what I got today I am NOT a really huge
perfume person when I do buy something
it's usually just like something smelly
but not like perfume but I went over to
like that section I started looking
around and I really liked this and
chanted wonderstruck by Taylor Swift not
only is her wine just like really pretty
but um I smelled it and I actually did
it mind ooh look how pretty it is got
like these little jewels on it a bird
and a rose and a little gem yeah super
cute yeah
I like it mmm cool good my wife's gonna
smell like t-swizzle yo ha ha and Brian
smells like jay-z jay-z t-swift
hey guys I'm in my office what do you
think about this new arrangement I kind
of like it if it looks a little more
open get the work done
oh good it's like you guys we're gonna
go ahead and a vlog I don't know why
just started doing that anyways you guys
so much for watching and we'll see to my
body and he's chasing after them they're
just running away from you it's the
cutest thing
I think there's water down there yeah so
that's where all the ducks come from
look at all the duckies this is a hill
you might have some trouble climb up can
you climb up come on work Oh
