Holly where's that people where's Holly
yes there looks crazy you look like a
troll honey baby boy is gonna do amazing
things
good morning what are you watchin you
watchin the Tigger movie good morning
guys oli is eatin breakfast
he's got eggs I put a little bit of
cream cheese in them and he loves it
karma
don't do that I also got one of those
yummy carrot muffins ah you like this
movie
I put the high chair in front of the TV
just so he would like chill out and
watch it and he has been a little bit
friend kind of cute
mm-hmm just keeps pointing to it he's
like I'm watching something it's cool
karma you kind of look like Tigger
are you a ticker you think can you can
you jump Oh Oh like Tigger there you go
how is your Monday well Tuesday morning
going for you it's Monday morning here
which is the start of the week we have a
lot to do because this week we're going
on vacation I'm really excited but I'm
also really stressed because I haven't
really thought about it for some reason
I haven't really gotten everything
together and so I actually already went
out and went shopping actually got me a
cute little outfit cuz I wanted
something cute to wear while there and
then I grabbed some essentials from
Target we should have like really busy
couple days because we have to film all
of our videos for the week basically I'm
really really excited I'm really looking
forward to it but at the same time I'm
kind of stressed I feel like we've been
on vacation so many times this year that
I should I should know how to do this by
now but every single time
comes up I'm like oh crap also look what
I got a lot of people think that I have
like a I don't know a thing against bibs
I really don't want to worry about a bib
like he's got so many outfits I'll just
change it out but if I need suit now
that he's like really starting to eat
table foods I've decided to go ahead and
get a bib so I grabbed this one it can
be wiped off it's got a little pocket
here and so it's kind of handy I was
just going to make me a sandwich but it
looks like our bread has gone bad mold
you though that's like really mold is
gross and then there's a piece right
here with with green on it and to be
honest all the other pieces are
perfectly fine like there's not a dot of
mold on it but I really don't think that
I can stomach it I'm even going to
pretend like I'm going to try this is
giveth throw it away what a bummer
because that was a lot of bread holy cow
you guys I am so sad I read this like
maybe an hour ago I wasn't sure if it
was real and then of course TMZ just
reported Robin Williams commits suicide
at age 63 isn't that crazy
he's like so iconic I think to our
generation like Jumanji Dead Poets
Society like that's crazy that is so sad
I know I thought it was gonna be like a
hoax or something but and I was like if
it's real teams you would post on it
that's so crappy that just goes to show
you that even when you're on top people
still struggle you know people are real
humans it's not sad
Ollie found a friendly herd do ducks go
and hurts gaggle gaggle
no that's geese I don't know bunch of
ducks and he's chasing after them
they're just running away from you it's
the cutest thing
I think there's water down there yeah so
that's where all the ducks come from
look at all the duckies this is a hill
you might have some trouble climb out
can you climb up come on work oh the
Ducks have found a way to escape him and
climb up a hill Holly can't do Hills
gonna get the duck over there come on
go get those duckies come on lolly
I'll push him your way come on he just
wants to say hey yeah I don't know what
do you think ducks aren't very nice huh
notice how he doesn't touch the ground
with his hands such a little bike clean
freak it's the funniest thing I we just
got done filming the feed then part two
of Ollie's look who's watch if you guys
haven't seen the episode that's up right
now of karma lost you guys have to go
watch that link below in the description
what we're basically filming the
conclusion to that and we happened upon
some duck always like let me add him
what he's here you go
hey yeah I know really bigger than the
Dutch no funny yeah we were hoping we
could film and then come back and bring
karma but it's just if they don't allow
him off the leash so is there any point
no cuz he would just be pulling us the
entire time we can just take him on a
walk around the house yeah not around
the house but around like where we live
yeah totally so we're gonna have to find
like a dog friendly place for him to
play cuz I'm not gonna be able to come
back with him here unfortunately oh oh
baby oh oh no no stay away from the mud
he put his hand in mud I'm quite
surprised cuz he's a little neat freak
look at him he's like it's on me alright
having some playtime with karma because
I think he's pretty upset here and gets
me go to the park although we're not
really saying that word very loudly so
he doesn't know that we went to the PA
RK definitely in need of some play time
at which you know what he and loves it
back here he loves the swimming pool he
loves that he can we can play fuzzy with
him and fetch with him and he can jump
in the water and swim
and that's pretty awesome I may not have
grass but I have a pool and it keeps him
cool which I think it's I think it's
better in a way like way nicer having a
pool and having something that he can
cool off in and somewhere I thought you
were getting me soaking wet
Ollie what you doing I think we're
seeing a little butt crack oh it's good
got the noodle
alright I'll throw this for you hang on
Oh had to go underwater Nikki just
bought it yeah good job
alright let's venture into this pool
these are good I don't know you're gonna
just sit on the step it's feeling a tiny
bit chilly but it's probably just
because the Sun is out since it's all
faded over not like super refreshing
it's more like huh huh got to be careful
dancing in the water oh he's splashes
Ollie where's that peekaboo where's
Holly
I think it was the rear if there looks
crazy you look like a troll the water
feels so good
you as a great I don't understand that
how you can live in California it's 97
degrees out right now yes it is yeah and
you guys are in the hot tub baby
tripping baby tripping but yeah this is
actually kind of chilly but it feels
good cuz it's hot outside
I am Sun with hot out it would be nice
but yeah I got kind of cold on you and
he would get cold fast oli get a peek a
boo where's all he goes underwater when
he does really yeah like this is no what
is with that tongue action
I hate when packages come with peanuts
who does that that's not fair they know
that's gonna make a mess no matter how
you do it so let's see if I can easily
try and get this I ordered something for
my office on Etsy yeah can I get huge
mess it's gonna make a huge mess ah here
we go
filling off the plastic boom this is
cool it's a lot nicer than I was
thinking to actually so basically what
this is if you guys don't know it's a
bottle cap holder so it says keep calm
and have a beer it's got a cool little
beer icon and the top opens like this
and then you can basically drop them in
and then when it all goes behind it's
got a bunch of cool different like
designs and colors and basically it's
just like a cool little conversation
starter art piece thing I was thinking I
was gonna get one of these so I've been
saving up it takes me a long time to
save any amount of bottle caps because I
don't drink like a 12-pack add a pop
these in here and there you go that's
all I got so far look at this beast you
guys 700 degrees oh that is hot I left
it on a little longer than I usually do
but it should clean up nice and good
looks like four chicken breasts but I
have them cuz they were quite thick but
I was like I will just steal them all so
we can ask
leftovers cuz all he likes leftover
chicken especially grilled chicken he
loves grilled chicken back out my dinner
yo you guys see me make this chicken
sandwich so many times but it's honestly
the greatest thing ever so I got bread
buffalo sauce chicken mozzarella cheese
a little bit of ranch and then on this
side I got mayo lettuce avocado and then
salt and pepper
yo Paul he's sleeping he went to bed
fast
the kid was tired we had a busy day we
got a lot done today babe like we are on
schedule
I love these smoothie and a bag things
that you can get you put in a cup of
apple juice no that's not Pete gosh grow
up you guys it is getting everywhere
sorry
maybe we gain but please plate all right
okay three hours sweet all the glue
February my mind Oh Missy apparently is
obsessed with video games all right guys
it is that time again I'm in my office
you know what that means I'm smoothie is
good I'm gonna go ahead and end the vlog
as well as shut these blinds so that our
neighbors don't think I'm a crazy person
for talking to this little black box in
my hand but I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video click thumbs up if you did
I just think about Robin Williams and
how crazy that is like I grew up on like
Aladdin you know and Jumanji and there's
so many great movies that he was in that
like meant so much to me like in my
childhood it's really just a crazy crazy
loss and I just want to urge you guys
suicide is a permanent answer to a
temporary problem and I just want to let
you guys know that you know if you're
having trouble or if you need someone to
talk to that there are people that can
talk to you and actually I'm gonna have
a phone number in the description of
this video and you can call and you can
you can be anonymous you
can get help you can talk to someone if
you need it there's resources out there
for you to help you I just want to let
you guys know about that but let me know
in the comments what was your favorite
Robin Williams movie I think mine was
definitely Aladdin and after seeing a
lot in live and seeing someone else's
interpretation of Genie it was just so
sir it was like Robin Williams created
that character you know what I mean like
everyone who does that character from
now on is gonna be doing it Robin
Williams away and I think that's
something that's amazing he definitely
left a mark on the industry thank you
guys for watching today's vlog and we'll
see you tomorrow i hey there's people
out there who love you I'm one of them
okay goodbye mommy and Olly arriving
Ali's first Harley
