mommy and alia riding Ali's first Harley
this is our son baby
he's our boy do amazing things
good morning guys we just got out of
church look who's with us and going to
Panera Bread all he's out of it he's so
tired he got up at like 8:30 this
morning and it's now like noon with no
nap he's gonna get a good nap later oh
yeah he's gonna sleep really good hello
look at the Dumbo talking with that a
good with his bow ties yeah I know so I
actually made this for him like a long
time ago um before he was born
it's so fun yeah he already knows keeps
pulling it on pause it um it's a it's
like a button on you can like change out
of the you can change out the low time
so he keeps taking it off but I love it
so cute just got home we went grocery
huh huh Thanks karma are you listening
to country music oh disarm the bomb we
got a ton of groceries for barbecue
tonight cuz it's actually really hot
outside it's like 100 degrees who is
this
hey that's a girl from Pretty Little
Liars
did you know she's saying country saw a
target one are you my good be seeker
are you tired you're ready for nap time
time to dance though
yeah alright we I get ready for a nap
unfortunately we have to completely
change out of office because he got this
one so messy I actually totally stressed
out here at Panera and he literally just
took his food and like smeared it all
over his pants his shirt everything is
horrible ha yeah so we had change yeah
oh you loved this thing huh I gotta turn
it on
uh-huh he's gonna dance
everything is Lea he hears me like it's
deafening
I've got the family over to homes are
busy soon and um we're gonna have a
barbecue and actually just got done
doing a video with my dad on my channel
I'm super excited I hope it turned out
though because we were kind of like
mostly like talking the whole time
so hopefully you guys can get you know
get to know my dad a little bit more and
kind of hear more about my childhood
stuff like that we're gonna go swimming
cuz it is a one day almost actually not
that hot this is 96 degrees I'm so
missing her family are swimming I'm
probably gonna join them in a little bit
but I am just taking care of some
business on my computer and actually I
have some business I need to talk about
with you guys Chloe say when people do
this like in vlogs and like youtubers in
general but there is a point behind it
okay we have some really big projects in
the works one of them obviously is the
song you guys know about and an intro we
have really cool things are coming up
and we're going like I have really cool
ideas and really I'm just waiting on our
main song so when Matt is finished then
we will do a new intro and Matt will
come out but we have one big thing that
we have been brainstorming on working
towards gathering information and I just
have to say it's going to be huge you
guys it's going to be unlike anything
we've ever done it's going to involve
Oliver it
going to involve me I'm so excited I
know you guys are like so pissed because
I'm teasing you about something but
honestly there's a reason behind it okay
we have some amazing stuff in the works
coming up all for you guys like I'm
doing it for you guys that's the reason
why we work hard on things is because
you want to constantly be creating
awesome new content for you guys but in
order to do this we need numbers
obviously remember we had a mailing list
and then we hit our max of like 2000
people get past that you have to pay for
it and I never really saw any real value
in it or or reason to but I'm going to
so I'm actually going to we're going to
be accepting new email auditions on our
on our newsletter list and I probably
send out like cool updates for you guys
like you'll only get in the email
newsletter so that's something really
cool to look forward to so I just urge
you guys if you want to be involved in
like a huge future project of us really
cool new things are coming up we want to
tell you guys about them and we don't
want you to miss out but it's really
really important to have you guys sign
up so I'm gonna have a link below in the
description where you guys can click and
you can enter your name in your email
and you'll be added to the list I swear
we're not spamming anyone you can
unsubscribe at any time it's only going
to be for like really important updates
and obviously to announce our big thing
that we've been working on and are
continuing to work on and it's still in
the early stages but we're gonna need
people behind us we're gonna need your
help
not time comes we're going to be using
that email newsletter platform to reach
you guys so go sign up add your email
and your name into the newsletter submit
it so that we can put you on the list
I never imagined that something like
this would happen but it's kind of
slowly becoming a reality and it's
really stinking cool please go to the
grumpy cat says why aren't you out in
your name to the newsletter list yet go
submit your email
grumpy sits by my desk while I do my
work and just reminds me that it's okay
to be stressed and grumpy sometimes as
long as you're happy most of the time
right is that what you're trying to tell
me he was up and moving around like 10
seconds ago wonder if he's trying to
come back to sleep
anybody you were all wrapped up in your
blankie did you hear me oh you heard me
talking to your monitor huh hey silly
boy I think he actually was wrapping
himself and was like it they say you're
supposed to have the room at like 68 to
71 to be comfortable for him sleeping
that always seems so cool it's like we
cannot set our air to 70 that ain't
happenin I know I was talking you
through there huh let's get you in the
pool okay buddy
what you don't like that karma oh that's
adorable so I just went up to fire up
the grill cuz we're gonna throw some
food on it
and I'm all out of propane this is the
first time we ran out of propane so I
guess what this thing lasts like a month
maybe a little more than a month we use
this thing a lot apparently we gotta go
get some propane and propane accessories
yeah we just been chillin I got steak
green beans and corn ready to be thrown
on the crew
mommy and alia riding always first
Harley what do you think about that boy
Wow
hey it's kind of cracking okay now see
if he does it on his own yeah you got
the idea yeah okay Gary no not so much
yeah I will make go on it he's all dizzy
probably I am ah yeah I cooked up some
barbecue got some pasta we got green but
you're gonna try the green beans Jim
loved the famous green bean oh you like
them yeah sure you like them even what
see this Missy I'm changing everyone's
opinions about green beans I just got
done with dinner we're getting a bath
what's wrong hey baby ooh
we washed your hair and your face so
he's clean now you just have to play
you're adorable
right now I am in the house alone well
not completely alone always asleep and
I've got karma but Brian just left and I
feel like I'm very rarely in the house
like by myself it just seems weird we
had such a great day today we went
swimming and had a nice barbecue which
was delicious and I had to clean up
everything it looks pretty nice now I'm
actually gonna make some cookies soon
because you know that's just how we do
it just got out my new jewelry box that
Brian got me and I'm gonna start putting
my jewelry in here and start organizing
it I actually don't have like that much
jewelry but the joy that I do have is
just in a like humbled mess that I can
never get out so I never wear door not
that
Julie box is going to make me wear more
jewelry but just organize it so
organizes it so that when I do want to I
can find it I'm not have to get more joy
content Brian I am doing a late-night
turbo run crop I don't know what side
he's in for is he in for in keep it for
that's kind of sad I should probably
know that huh yeah we actually had for
diapers left at home so had to pick up
something that was from good old tarjay
but now I see clothes and we're
traveling this week so let's go check it
out it's no harm in looking right coming
along I got all kinds of necklaces in
here and I've got there's my old wedding
ring and oh this is actually something
Brian got me a long time ago and it's
got a wedding ring a lot like my
engagement ring special like Ruby type
sing infinity sign and it actually used
to have a chihuahua on it because when
he gave this to me we had just gotten
Leo so I think this was like right after
we got married that he gave it to me oh
and look what I found I don't know if
you guys remember when I got this I
can't remember when I got this I got
this ring and it says strength like all
the way around it basically they were
just kind of like symbolizing my
strength they feel like I have a lot of
strength that I've been through a lot
and at the time I think I had just
gotten pregnant with Oliver you know it
was like a really scary time and so kind
of gave me this too as a reminder to
stay strong I wore it so much that now
it's like literally rusted over so I
would love to find a way to kind of keep
this more safe for like make it so that
I could actually wear it maybe maybe
like repaint it and cover because it
really means a lot to me and on my other
hand I got this ring probably for ten
years ago my dad got to me when I was a
kid and I've worn it every single day
it's been a long time since I had this
ring and I love it it's really special
to me I never take it off it's actually
super bent even because when I was a kid
I was running
and I grabbed the chain-link fence and
the chain-link fence actually dug
underneath my finger right here and it
bent to my ring and it's actually stuck
and so my dad had to bend it the other
way so that I could get my finger out of
it and then my finger had to heal it was
crazy but yeah I wear that one on this
hand and I love it
I'm back with diapers did I get the
right size babe
or oh my gosh you have no idea how
anxious I was I did not know what size
honey it's like we lived in a time where
we didn't have cell phones that you
couldn't just ask me um but anyway I'm
gonna go ahead and end today's vlog and
we got lots to do tomorrow before we
leave for Seattle on Thursday so we got
to get stuff done I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog if you did where's
where's the O click that like button and
if you're new to our channel subscribe
we put up videos every single day thank
you guys for watching and we'll see you
tomorrow bye
that is so cool I mean I know I'm not
like super close to the horses but just
being like that far away and getting to
understand like how powerful those wings
are that's amazing Oh someone won
something
