good morning guys today is July 27th so
one year ago we had Ollie and now we're
gonna go wake him up I'm surprising you
ready yep
good morning our happy birthday what do
you remember about one year ago miss I
remember not being able to feel them
mm-hmm and being really really scared
but trying to be like I'm sure
everything's fine but all in our
separate corners of the house we were
freaking out moms pacing I have no idea
I'm sitting there going oh my god he
hasn't moved in forever I can't remember
the last time you moved when did you
last move I don't even remember and then
we head to the hospital around 5:00 I
think we did all day yeah we waited all
day we went to the hospital we had no
idea we're gonna have you do you know
that we really didn't think we're gonna
have everything we brought everything
just in case but we really had no clue
and then they were like yep you're not
leaving till you hi baby we were going
to the beach yeah we were supposed to go
to the beach I know like you're here
with your buddy
about you I am starting to make a
dessert and I'm only making half of them
but what I'm doing is making sort of a
cheesecake crust and they're going in
these cups and they kind of look like
sand as you can see I'm just kind of
putting a little bit in here this is all
my crust and then I just smush it down
and then my cousin she's bringing over
her famous cheesecake that she always
makes it's like a really simple recipe
and then she's gonna color it blue so
it'll look kind of like water so I'm
really excited for this dessert I feel
like it's gonna be like really cute and
stuff and then I've got all of my
cupcakes done we've got chocolate red
velvet
and french vanilla so I'm excited to
frost all those and make them look cool
I can't believe this is all like coming
together and I feel like I'm pretty
organized at the moment but you never
know when everything is going to fall
apart if Brian's cleaning up the back
porch getting at all
good because I turned that I think that
it was gonna be like maybe around 15
kids here so that should be crazy
look at this adorable drawing of Oliver
and a karma stuffed animal he's holding
it looks like it's by shade and she's
from Israel that's amazing oh my gosh
that's so funny we are going through
some more packages from the peel box and
check this out we got our last round of
cards in I would say that's about like
yeah I sure they'll be more awkward
other carts because they read right
uh-huh so it opens this way that is so
cool I am headed to Sam's Club and
Albertsons I got to pick up all of her
smash cake that Missy ordered yesterday
which I'm really excited to see Missy
and the family are kind of just like
putting things together cutting fruit
getting things situated for the for the
big party which is in two hours so we
have got lots to do hopefully people
show up fashionably late we are doing
all kinds of fruit stuff right now we
got pineapple watermelon kili oranges
we've got grapes in the fridge and so
what I'm doing is a few different things
let me show you watch out girls they're
my helpers okay so I'm actually building
a pineapple type tree that will look
like hopefully a coconut tree and have
just fruit piled around here so
hopefully that turned out I'm kind of
worried because these things are this is
all just experiment socks I did yeah it
is lopsided but hopefully it'll
straighten out see we just hold out a
bunch of strawberries and fill them with
delicious cream cheese frosting it's
delicious yeah we're definitely going
crazy right now we've got an hour and a
half until people start arriving and
then the show shall go on how's the Kiwi
yay the Kiwis proud my favorite and
those we don't even have very many of
those get to be not bauxite like that
adorable rainbow shish kebabs and
they've got it all set up so it goes red
orange yellow green blue purple yeah and
this thing is somewhat coming together I
gotta get one more in here
alright guys just pick up the cake look
at it it's cute it's like furry it's
bright yellow so he's gonna get super
colorful and messy just for something
really simple for him to just smash into
you know so that should be so much fun
watching him do that
balloons remember what happened last
time we got balloons you guys for the
gender-reveal party they like flew out
of the car and I ran down the street we
actually got it on the bloggers so
stinking funny now we have this
handy-dandy thing that we can make
anymore
and trap them all hey everything is
coming together really nicely so this is
what his little table looks like we've
got happy first birthday it's got a
little palm tree which kind of looks
weird but that's a great of and then
it's got all the fruit pile them on
their sticks this is my dad my dad's
idea of architect and stuff but we've
got a fruit platter that will go out
here we've got strawberry lemonade and
regular lemonade ice and this is a
dessert table this is his smash cake it
looks really fluffy and fun
we've got cupcakes have pigs
that is what I've been talking about my
cousin makes cheesecake it looks
delicious
I love this that's my favorite we got
little tongs all right the boys are
headed to the pool party is what you say
I know we've got a lot of presents huh
look at all these presents you guys I
the feeling I know what that one is on a
stick and I'm actually very excited for
that we've won been wanting to get in
one of those for a while but look at
that you got peeps hanging out
we got Lady Gaga singing happy birthday
to Ollie hey hey buddy I think we're
headed out to the pool now got lots of
people outside didn't Missy I don't know
if he showed you guys this but look at
this she did this spread amazing all he
likes to play with these you got it
cheesecake cupcakes and all these little
smashed cake babes you see I got a I got
a candle that's why they only had purple
but mersa I know we there might be a
couple things we missed but whatever
works working doing my hair you got
everybody out here chillin eating food
lots of people in the pool let's see if
I can get some one hand
how's the water feel Heidi a little God
I'm gonna watch you swim go ahead how
many lessons that she's done more
lessons that's great that's so cool they
just put a Livia and swim lesson so it's
cool getting this year swimming stuff
like that huh oh we got family taking
pictures yeah I am so hot that you guys
I'm so ready to jump into school right
now and see Babs calling you here we go
pass them around just pass them around
not this thing right now he points what
you've been getting passed around a lot
this guy right are you getting a picture
yeah you need to go picture of that with
him oh that's a good you lied to me my
gosh it feels so good
there we go yeah you going to water -
good job the water feels so it's cold
but it's refreshing
I needed look at all these splashing
away splashing did you want to see Jay
boy these people fun happy birthday yeah
you came get him all ready for the cake
smash you ready buddies he doesn't even
know what's going on hi mom golly thanks
Evan my mom cuz she couldn't be here
today but Ali's getting the treatment
are you ready buddy are you ready you
have no idea what's going on do you hold
you actually wear that you think it
would be great for pictures if he could
actually sing in a fan it's childproof
happy birthday
yummy on your buddy look at him going
just don't warrant you like it but yummy
oh my god exactly thank you thanks for
that he actually does not like being
messy does Steve he's over it you drink
some water for buddy you got an outfit
change for mr. Olli
oh how classy look but and the sock babe
you ready
classy buddy you all cleaned up we're
gonna rip open some of these presents
this is from CJ buddy yeah I love the
Green Lantern's gift wrap look at that
buddy
it's always nice to have older kids will
you give alia hug
CJ Cavalia hug that's a really big hug
he's still playing with the first
present feed he opened up I see the
horse that's so cool it makes noises
even oh my gosh she's gonna love that
oh come here bad
we got him the drill yeah fixing stuff
in the house those are so cute
thanks Jimmy alright thank you so much
everyone hey before everyone takes off
can I get one big happy birthday Ollie
so he can look back on this video in
like eight years and and remember all
your pretty faces happy birthday buddy
what you got there buddy he's got the
drill went out and had to get him drill
so then you can help pop oh and Papa Joe
stuff from enough dinnertime and
balloons you like the balloons huh as
you can see everything is starting to
ease you everybody I know everyone's
gone party's over I've been cleaning
like crazy you recognized your card you
see it you see it there's tons of cards
here those are just the ones that we got
today and of course they have all those
all I got so many cool gifts I maybe
I'll do like a haul and show you guys
all when he got for his first birthday
he had some really really cool stuff do
you have a good first birthday you want
on your balloons
watching je randiandersen
cover all of our song props to you man
you did a really good job actually
Oliver likes it
this is the third birthday boy back he's
had the best birthday party ever VI was
a great party I had so much fun as much
as I was like trying I was like busy
like the whole time it's just fun that
like I got to have everyone here we all
got to just hang out and celebrate all
of our turning one it was a lot of fun I
really enjoyed it I'm really tired I
think we all are today we had a really
great day but it was just kind of
exhausting a lot of hard work you have a
ton of fun though I'm celebrating
Oliver's first birthday oh look I got
another Jana what's up cutie with a
booty you killed it today make it a
pound Oh Missy did awesome
putting together and planning the whole
party it turned out really really nicely
so that was cool basically I'm gonna go
ahead and end the vlog but I just wanted
to say something because you know at
some point if YouTube isn't taken down
or if these videos are even still up
Oliver's going to watch this video this
is his first birthday party so I'll
probably tell him to actually come on
this video I'll be like hey go watch
that video and listen to what I told you
so many years ago or something but I
just want to tell you Oliver this is
really weird I'm talking to you right
now because I talked to you now and you
don't normally respond but by the time
you're watching this you probably
respond to things I say and I hope that
you're doing what you're supposed to
like taking out the trash and keeping a
room clean in not running off with girls
and stuff like but I just want to tell
you that I love you and I'm proud of you
and it was a very surreal moment getting
to see your very first birthday party
today would you say that's about pretty
accurate yeah it's definitely one of
those moments where I was like wow this
is my life you know like I have a son
and he is now a year old we don't have a
baby anymore we have a one-year-old babe
like
I know yeah but anyway I love you and
I'm proud of you and we have big dreams
for you and I hope that doesn't put too
much pressure on it because I don't know
how many people I'm telling this to
right now
okay anyway I want to go ahead and end
today's vlog my baby boy's first
birthday
totes click thumbs up to that and we'll
see you guys tomorrow
oh hey go watch the birth clock one year
ago it's in the description it's on the
end slate go see what it's all about
guess that's what we're doing tonight
you guys do it too we'll see you
tomorrow bye
what well I still hadn't seen him though
yet Oh at 9:46 you haven't seen at 9:31
he was born
oh it's 9:46 and I still hadn't seen it
was at least 30 minutes before a song
for real mm-hmm I just got messages from
you so this is the point in that birth
blog where he's on the table and they're
like trying to get him to breathe and
I'm just like seeing with my mom and
she's like telling me like it's okay
it's okay and I was like where is he and
I had no idea it was that long it was 30
minute was like free hearing you kept
coming back and forth telling me like
he's okay he's okay yeah I still haven't
seen him but he was born dang okay on
that note we'll see you tomorrow
shopping for his birthday like the fruit
and stuff joy nice because I've had this
list and then I couldn't check off until
I was literally the day before his
birthday which is kind of stressful but
check out what we got like I said it's a
tropical birthday party so we've got on
the pineapple I'm dancin sorry
hey hey birthday boy so we got tons of
pineapple
