hey guys hi girls
just chillin with my munchkin why yo
this is our son baby boy he's gonna do
amazing things
Oliver turned one like what was it like
a week ago almost two weeks ago and this
happy birthday balloon is still full and
still floating and actually if it wasn't
for these stupid latex balloons it would
totally just float away that's crazy I
know I did these balloons lasted that
long and we still got the one chalkboard
above the fireplace disgust looks nice
what's up guys just that did not work
these ones are stupid
helium like just stops working alright
we're gonna try this one
what's up guys that's hanging with my
bag now let go ahead like stop it stop
it
everything is spinning I'm sure a lot of
you hey guys the girl just chillin with
my munchkin why yo yes buddy karma does
not like it
and you're gonna hear me roar ah uh uh
uh uh uh uh oh my god I get so like
heavy feeling I feel very heavy yeah we
probably should start doing it that was
fun now freakin hilarious I know we
gotta get some balloons so we can mess
with them check this out you guys
I got a huge package from Michaels today
so funny I don't know why it's in a huge
package but this is actually just my
poster frames I got them on Michaels
because they can be expensive and
Michaels was having buy one get one free
so I was like school Michael's always
have good coupons okay look at that
yay so I actually got my other poster
yesterday so I'm gonna hang these up and
show you guys what they look like hey
check it out you guys I got my posters
up
it's like a big kid's room now but I got
my lego movie poster up and this is my
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
poster I got this poster cuz this is my
favorite of the Harry Potter movies and
this poster is just like a classic it's
unlike all the other posters so it's got
like the artwork of the Dementors and
the storm in the back and Harry Ron
Hermione I think it's awesome
like it is it I kind of eyeballed it
it's pretty Center though yeah yeah cool
I know this is like the third time that
this happened to me in the past a week I
keep recording and then I'm not
recording anything and then my my camera
turns off and I'm like oh crap so I just
fill in like a whole thing Brian's
making a mess actually now he's cleaning
it up it was just a total disaster in
here and I am cleaning things up I've
got I actually just got done sweeping
and I just got done mopping the whole
floor I just actually laid this down
this is annoying
go in there I should just cut that off
okay ready go in kind of um but yeah
it's been and I just feels always gross
to me the floor and so I feel like I'm
like mopping like at least once a week
and sweeping like everyday well not to
mention Oliver held sweet because he's
got this little broom that he walks
around with all the time but yeah I'm
just getting stuff done getting stuck
cleaned up and I'm getting ready to go
to Oliver's one-year doctor's
appointment which I'm really excited
about because after I get all his stats
and all that I get to film his one-year
update and then that'll be up on Friday
so be on the lookout for that and
actually I just put out my one-year
postpartum update so I talk all about
like my body image like how I feel about
my body my future surgery future baby's
talked all about some really good stuff
so if you guys want to see that the link
is in the description so go click on
that if you want to watch it if you
haven't already looks like Oliver just
woke up
yay he's over there he's moving it was a
leg I see a leg actually gave me just
enough time to get everything done and
now I just got to get him ready and go
Oliver just woke up so I got him dressed
and we were leaving the house cuz our
appointment is in 20 minutes what do you
think brain uh you just skedaddle
oh hey cutie I'm holding his hands down
uh no that's nothing yeah I gotta go all
right we made it to his doctor's
appointment and I don't think I'm late
yet hopefully we make it just in time
I'm actually meeting my mom here too
because I know I just love meeting my
moms places and so she's coming with me
ah that's good stuff we got checked in
but I didn't realize it till we got up
here his shoe is missing I've got one
shoe on him the other one must have fell
in the parking lot I'm gonna go look for
right now what we shouldn't be late cuz
there's a big long wait but I hope I
find it there's my mom and she has to
shoot hey mom mom show a tissue I think
she's got it
she saves the day again it is like
literally pulled in the parking lot I
mean like and I pulled over at it
together I didn't like parked in it
I didn't even park it was just sitting
in the middle oh my god look right up to
it I just was like running in here and
then rested just like sessom like that's
okay just angling him up
you know just fixin stuff model likes
away if I fall I totally need to be able
to viral then I'd also have like a
broken leg
ah that was right after your name come
on baby
come on come on you're running huh so I
just unpacked my Harry Potter books look
at they all don't even fit in here I
tried it multiple ways this is the only
way I can do it but I was kind of bummed
because I was going through them this
book unfortunately hasn't traveled very
well the book is separating from the
binding right here in the middle but I
was going through all of them because I
thought that my grandma had actually
written something something in some of
them and actually now that I remember I
think she wrote I know on a piece of
paper and slipped it in when she bought
me one because she bought me most of
these books but I saw in this one she
actually wrote my name in the top corner
when she bought it for me and I just saw
that and it was cool because it's like
that's my grandma you know but this
ironically is the book that's falling
apart but I can never replace this book
because it has her marking on it you
know you ended up going to a lot of the
movies with me - it was kind of
something that we did together because
she really loved the books - and she was
a huge reader oh my gosh my grandma
would read like ten books like this size
a week she was so into reading or she'd
always have like a huge plastic bag full
of books that she'd have to take back to
the library and she just flew through
him it was it was crazy I wish that I
was a reader like she was but honestly I
mean a book has to be really good to get
my attention the Harry Potter books are
one of the few series that actually did
it I read these upwards to seven or
eight times all the way through but yeah
I just thought that was sweet
that my grandma had actually written my
name in the second book it's too bad
it's falling apart
make a baby trying to get into the baby
proofed cabinets so much grating he was
so busy in the waiting room he was
literally talking to every kid touching
everything nope
he was going to there and there
stuff on today it was really easy he's
not normally like this is the first time
I'm taking him to like a doctor's went
where he's just like touches yeah I'm
not a stroller and he's just like
everywhere that was the first time he
ever sat little to do his measurements
because normally he windle's all over
the thing but he's just like wait on
there while she measured him so those
honey this worked for about 30 seconds
yeah we got a shorty on her hand he's 28
and a half inches tall which isn't a 10%
oh this is a 10 percentile so buddy
but he did so good OOP come on come on
come on dude you did so good hey Ollie
come here buddy
I barely seen you all day he's been
hanging out with mom all day getting
stuff done I heard you went to the
doctors he's rocking out this week so
cute it's like an iPod you move your
hand around to get this song are you
ready go swimmin come on we are gonna
jump in the pool it's actually it's not
a hot day at all it's probably like an
80s but I definitely would love to just
relax in the pool for a little bit
you've been swimming for a little while
huh get me an alleyway careful these two
cuties enjoying the pool Missy ice cream
truck ice cream truck is singing it's a
small world right in front of our house
that is so not cool
he steals it from him
standing on the spa I'm going to jump
into the middle of the pool right where
Karma's do you want it I dare you
where's ollie
what are you doing we're preparing
dinner and I literally turned around and
all he is playing in the laundry basket
we are grilling up some mahi-mahi
tonight got my green beans all grilled
up and done
I love mahi-mahi I used to work at the
steak house I used to get a mahi-mahi
like every single night when I was doing
working Zeus oh good
man it's the best when it's grilled -
all right baby is in bed and I am doing
laundry that's what moms do with the
baby goes to bed right is laundry no
what are you doing you have to go
outside already come here come here come
here I love this guy so much he'd my old
buddy I'm gonna go ahead and in the vlog
hope you guys enjoyed it give the video
a thumbs up if you did
we'll see you guys tomorrow
pretty come out see is broken
look at these ginormous a baby corn I
certainly never seen baby corn this big
I can just eat the whole thing
