okay you guys you want to see our new
kitty Holly if you want to see the new
kitty don't see the new kitty this is
our son baby
someone's gonna do amazing things look
at these boys doing housework
Oliver's helping dad dad no he's not
he's not he is the for Oliver decided to
make a mess yeah you remember that good
morning guys guess what my hair and
makeups done I feel like I lately have
just been kind of slacking because I
just haven't felt like doing my hair
even though I kind of do do it but like
you know I kind of happened today I did
it and I did my makeup and I feel good
so that's exciting Oliver did you do
your hair and makeup hey are you still
helping daddy do did you get oh okay
Brian did you do your hair and makeup
yeah don't I look pretty
Wow gorgeous I don't understand
he really does it so weird to me that
girls put on makeup every single day I
do have a theory and this might not even
be a theory it might be real when we're
in high school girls put on makeup
because we have like zits and blemishes
and just like all kinds of issues and
we're self-conscious and so we put on
makeup but guys have the same thing like
they usually have acne and their faces
look bad and they don't put on makeup
and guess what Brian had acne in his
face it's perfect perfect I mean pretty
normal looking
my face has scars and I'm wondering if
maybe it's because we put on makeup
it creates the scars you know what I
mean I don't know if that's even true
I'm sure there are plenty of guys with
Dario philosophical oh look at Oliver
he's finally not afraid of the horsey
but don't you dare try and ride it if
you write it he'll get scared again but
he thinks it's pretty cool he doesn't
want to hear the sound and he mostly
just wants to sweep the floor with it
like I kind of get in here you get the
horsey a kiss
ah ego you want to write it like this
see writing it you're dying right it all
right good job
oh you're gonna eat it today I think I'm
gonna try out the chalkboard wall I
think it's happening you guys I'm gonna
chalk this baby up and see if I can't
get some cool stuff going on it cuz I'm
sick of waiting and I keep sitting here
and looking at my empty shelf and I
really want to go into the garage and
get my box of stuff because I have books
and I just I have a ton of office stuff
that I want to unpack but I just can't
help but think that that Black Widow is
going to be there which by the way I
called the pest guy he was here
yesterday and he said he would come by
at the end of the week completely do the
garage to sort of clean it out and make
sure that nothing can get in so I have
goose bumps thinking about it but yeah
I'm just so sad cuz my sad little shelf
is empty
and I want to fill it with things oh and
I need to order two more of those boxes
on target they're on sale right now I
need to do it while they're on sale
there's my little monster hi buddy
you're all dressed and ready you wanna
go have some fun today
one go somewhere fun it's happening we
have to go outside we have to go into
the garage
do you see her there Steve I really want
to get that box Missy has all my office
stuff wait the dead spiders gone too
literally was like I'm taking my man and
I'm out of here Missy your hair looks
really pretty
apparently I'm supposed to say something
about him we're headed into Chuckie
Cheese look at all these tokens and
tickets we found I know we just fit in
the deal a box put these in here a long
time ago we've been saving them so we're
like we got some time to kill before we
go pick up karma so Ali's gonna run
around and let some energy out
that big ol mouse I'm pretty sure chucky
cheese has like the best arcade games
it's one token to play every single game
in treasure oh look at this
that's cool huh good luck hang my finger
here he was too small to actually do
anything
no now you could go and stop okay
alright I'll use gonna ride this one
here we go
I think he liked it but it was a little
bit weird guys what are these things are
they Marshall no this just makes me want
to go to Disneyland we're due for a
Disney entry apart we haven't been in a
while
what's it been like three weeks are you
really what are those things all right
all are you ready okay he thinks no idea
what to think
bye-bye why are we fine
think about broken as I look at these
ginormous a baby corn I certainly never
seen baby corn this big I can just need
the whole thing mmm I love baby corn
really it tastes like a big piece of
corn
look this cool little ride you guys that
has a screen with a little game on it
and you're supposed to turn and like
collect all the coins and stuff and you
have to stay away from the bad things
are you gonna hit the dynamite and he
loves it though Missy and this game has
a very hatred relationship we're getting
a little card meet for oli you guys
should see he has the greatest
expression ever they're making it right
there oh hell oh wow look at that pro
skate you got pro skateboarder Oh Missy
thinks she's really good at this game
you actually are kind of good at this
not funny
yeah for bloggers fair now I can't play
get in their thing yeah why
guys we're more that Kamal crying come
on you can do better than this
we clearly need to get a basketball hoop
and we need less who'd ever be a shower
head
this is gonna try so she can make me
feel horrible yeah shooting hoops
please get less than 27 you're already
at 30 and 13 seconds tell that's that
shows you how bad I am at basketball you
guys
holy crap Missy you've got closer the
high score how God happened it's awesome
the groomers are here to take Leo and
where are you karma in bathroom as usual
and karma for his haircut they actually
parked right outside oh wait hang on
hang on Dan oh it didn't get in
I know thank you come on come on jump in
go boy oh boy I Carmen have a good
haircut yeah we're headed back from my
mom's and karma looks nice armies will
see the back for mana back but he looks
really really good they did a really
good job and they did really good
Gelinas tails like short but still
fluffy I don't want I don't like it too
friend like them to shave his tail
because I feel like that's like a huge
part of who he is it's like his tail
anyways I was just going through so in
the comments and I think I read one
earlier that said that I said a bad word
and this one says that I said they said
about lmao Missy did you say holy s
backward at 11:25 I haven't got to hear
it but no I did not say the f-word and
the other day songs that I said the
f-word right I didn't okay we here's the
thing like I really don't cuss ever I'm
not liking our cousins I cuss all the
time sometimes Oh Brian Brian stop okay
I don't care about dollar but I don't
really cause it I mean I'm I'm cost
before I'm not saying I don't cuss so
I'm not a person that kind of person I
like curses or anything okay you guys so
Missy and I have been talking now that
were the new house and Karma's situated
and stuff we need another pet are you
excited I'm so excited
so we decided we're gonna get a little
cat I want to do this with karma in the
car so he could get used to the cat like
in the car and not like you know cuz at
home he's kind of like skipping he's
like this is my place would you do it
super smart yeah okay you guys you want
to see our new kitty Holly do you want
to see the new kitty don't see the new
kitty huh
look at the new kitty oh do you know the
new king wait what's wrong with that cat
that cats
way too grumpy to be a part of the
family joke old grumpy cat ah no we're
totally kidding we didn't get any of
that
but I needed an official grumpy cat for
my office because my office is gonna be
kind of like internet themed so we
picked up good old grumpy here no I go
my mom got ollie today it's a broom
after open I guess the store called like
remember when so I like remember when
it's like toys that they had when they
were a kid
yeah you swung humpy ah gonna give a hug
poor cat okay gotta give you the
official look of karma get your haircut
buddy come here oh look a duck cute face
so they trimmed up his ears and kind of
blended it in with his body Scott just a
nice but it's still like soft and he
still feels like fluffy but it's nice
and shape mmm cool does look very nice
karma I want to jump in too
I hear ya oh yeah important things to do
like dinner and putting the baby to bed
okay guys so we're coming out here to
get the box I thought the best way to do
it is during the day well I think we
found the spider and I'm pretty sure
she's dead let's kill her just in case
yeah I mean we should definitely smash
her a couple times cool looking now she
is he moving
no she's completely dead
okay don't look every or if you don't
afraid don't look but here she comes
there she is ladies and gentlemen dead
as a death spider ever could be
that's her little red dot yeah that
black widow I can't believe he killed
her yeah all he's got this stage where
he hates food period mrs. mom made some
really yummy chicken and wild rice soup
and so were feeding him chicken
he loves chicken here and now he's know
he knows how to push this off so we
totally need a new highchair now because
he just like pushes it off and literally
the plate of food will hit the floor
it's just like crazy oh yeah we got
dinner up and coming made some orange
chicken some fried rice and generals
chicken have any generals yeah I thought
this was just oh no that's orange
chicken
that's generals yeah doing some Chinese
food tonight oli is sleeping the sweep
in the floor hey hey buddy you missed a
spot right there yeah right there
thank you he's a good sleeper we just
put him to work
what are you doing are you trying to get
in there it's like my father this big
clean right yeah it's been nothing in
there you're very cute come on it's time
for bed come on whoa all right done
squeaking yet who's got in there you my
dick ha check it out you guys I got
stuff on my chalkboard for the Apple
logo cuz you gotta have Apple logo on
the chalkboard and I pinned up my
hashtag sign and the hashtag is spider
suck because well spider suck but if you
guys have any ideas of what I should put
on my chalkboard wall let me know in the
comments below and maybe I'll pick one
or two and throw them up here but I
really like there yeah yeah if you guys
enjoyed today's vlog be sure to click
that like button and if you are new to
our vlogs subscribe but grumpy says to
subscribe fun fact about grumpy you guys
her real name is tartar sauce collective
oh my cute all right we're gonna go
because my battery is flashing but we
will see you guys tomorrow
shaped by grumpy you guys want to get
grumpy a hug oh did you learn a new way
to nod your head he's not in yes now
Holly I it almost looks like he's
rocking out just picked up a ton of
packages all he's roaming around and he
found a thing of toys
