all right oli got to come downstairs we
got to do it the right way no good
morning guys I have been working on
getting this kid down this to go down
the stairs forever and he just doesn't
do it son baby this is a boy he's gonna
do amazing things so the way you're
supposed to teach them is to basically
get on their belly and then they like
inch their way down but whenever he gets
on his belly he just wants to climb up
come on kid come here so come on let's
go downstairs remember you got to get
down there you go
and then turn over okay let's do it
ready come on
just into your way no not like that
come on dad grab on yeah it's a work in
progress
life with a girl makeup all over
everything this is my beard trimmer you
guys mine and it's covered in makeup
wonder what I'd look like with no beer
that's not happening I know what I look
like with no beard I'm just thinking
about how I've gotten very comfortable
with my facial hair my small amount of
facial hair it doesn't grow past this
point it's very frustrating if it was
just like a little bit higher it'd be a
lot nicer is there anything you can do
to like help that or is that just like
genetics Emily when I waited tables I
was never allowed to grab my facial hair
so when I quit being a waiter I grew it
out and I don't think I've shaved it
since you think it growing nicer if I
shaved it all and like started over I
just don't want to go through those
weeks with like no facial hair just look
weird trust me it's weird but anyway
what's up guys it's hump day hump turn
Wednesday the room is a colossal mess
Oliver was hanging out in here while we
were getting ready it is like a
bazillion degrees outside it is
basically a hundred degrees it feels
like it's 100 degrees it's very very hot
and the pool looks very very nice right
now so as you can tell I basically woke
up as like I'm putting my bathing suit
on I'm going swimming because it was hot
even early this morning was like 87 by
like 10:00 a.m. you guys are so hot okay
mom this thing always said is way harder
things as it's like it says this a
hundred in like ten it's freaking hot
and it says tomorrow supposed to be 108
my mom and Cassie are over all he's
gonna go swimming he's getting ready for
a second nap so we're gonna wear him out
a little bit Karma's been doing his laps
really enjoying the water actually feels
really really really nice podcast yeah
doesn't make it's like really nice
anyone else playing the destiny beta
that's available right now the games not
officially out but they're letting
everyone play a beta version of the game
but I'm usually like not in G games like
this but it's really cool and this is my
spaceship yo this is how I get anywhere
but it's just so cool it's like a
futuristic game and it's like a shooter
but then it's also kind of like
online role-playing game it's pretty
interesting I'm not into games like this
like I said but I actually love the new
destiny beta but if you guys are playing
you should let me know and can you play
online with this if you can't I'll have
my PSN in the description below so you
guys can add me be like I can play
online with some you guys I don't know
if you can like voice chat or anything I
haven't actually tried should probably
test that out huh
holy guacamole so nice out here water
the water feels amazing Sun has been
heating this up and making it feel nice
yes and look at you an ally on the shark
alley what you're doing
he's always pointing at things let's go
see what the temp is in the water here's
a rubber ducky it is this is 85 nice
karma really wants his frisbee back go
get it
best dog in the whole wide world Missy
and I were just talking about Ali's
party and how there might be a lot of
people coming how many people have
RSVP'd close like 35 and that's not even
ever and that's not like her family we
know is coming that's like another 12
not including the kids 250 people okay
let's not I get it let's say we're
looking at least 40 to 45
that's scope angry babe how are we gonna
do this meaning we have a small backyard
know how I did it but I invited to any
people but you guys should let us know
in the comments what are some fun
activities that we can do out all these
bris birthday for the kids really want
to do a lot of games so coming pool and
get food and we're just gonna like do
cake and presents like I just didn't
think said I need to learn happy
birthday on ukulele yeah that would be
cool huh are you sure I'm over the
rainbow did a day I was attempting to I
think is is from the
you tear from YouTube or if it was
actually you and it was actually you so
Brian's playing video games with someone
who are you playing with Brian Brian can
hear me our smart yeah he's playing I
think with like a viewer or something um
but anyways all is sleeping there on
Cassie just left always taking a long
nap which is nice needed it but I just
got up the rest of the cards look at
that a lot of cards and we haven't
checked our P o box so there might be
more we'll probably check it a little
bit you're like in a few days we
literally have cards from around the
world we're always first birthday which
i think is really exciting looks like
always actually waking up
well dang it baby is a wig and I can't
wait to see him are you excited to see
all of her crazy what the heck
crazy definitely do a little mohawk you
could you sleepy eyes he does sleepy
eyes Emma crazy kid I have not put a
shirt on him at all today because it's
so hot although it's not too hot in the
house I just didn't wanted to have to
like sleep in a shirt and he's very
comfortable without a shirt on so he's
been letting him hang out check out
Brian and Ollie in the hipster I know
that is really cool home case they look
so cute in it just so cute I think it
fits really well and actually it looks
really likes Quinn to me it seems
slimmer than the Ergo look slimmer don't
look like those okay look a fun teeny
pant yeah we're at where we at Michaels
I've decided I'm going I'm pretty sure
I'm still gonna make his dessert but I
decided against the cone thing oh my
gosh me see I need these in my life
hey part of the Internet we shall okay
who is that oh my god he would love it
bro back what why my half of the big I'm
blue the world's cutest I'll yeah you if
you'd like boom or who do we who are
these guys they've been following us you
guys all day let's go
and on now your fine what's your name
Alena Kylie hey guys so you've just been
biking around waiting for us to come
into Target and here you go
wait where's Miss OH okay it was so fun
of you guys okay so yesterday we were
getting a ton of tweets and people were
like we see you we see you we wanted to
say hi and apparently it was them on
their bikes they saw us yesterday and
they basically camping outside of target
is that funny babe we're that
predictable you're like yeah I'm pretty
sure they're gonna be a target so if you
ever want to run into us just stay on
side of target you're bound to meet us
so we just watched this cute little
fluffy monkey for Ollie and he doesn't
care about anything but the iPad Ollie
did this oh he just opted for the
stuffed animal Missy oh oh and he's
standing on the iPad that's great he's
like no don't take this look what we
found at Target you guys it's a pizza
stone set it comes with a pizza stone
the serving rock and a pizza cutter all
the things we needed cuz tonight we're
gonna do some homemade pizzas we got
dough out whoa I ran my wife I'm sorry
excited you excited for dinner buddy
what are you doing she's gonna catch you
buddy
I'm giving
Brian's making us a pizza so we get
these dough's from Linko they're like
super cheap
we used to make these all the time at
our old apartment member that and we
have pizza sauce it's just already made
that they make for you and then we just
got some mozzarella cheese and I just
like cheese pizza but Brian's having a
Hawaiian so I actually cut up this
pineapple earlier today Susie I put
fresh pineapple here you go here you go
funny fact me and Brian were both pizza
makers when we were younger
oh yeah I like light sauce so really do
my half light dings just like normal not
like a lot though whoa oh oh my god
Brian well crack you guys does scratch
on it so I think was immaculate well we
have a baby things happen resale value I
know he's so worried about okay so yeah
I was sitting up here on the couch
Oliver just picks it up and throws it on
the floor and the sighs he's gonna go
surfing skateboarding on it what do you
think that's crazy so it's fine but it
does help scratch on it and Brian does
like to resell this thing so that really
sucks
check out this Pizza guys got Missy's
half with cheese my half Canadian bacon
pretty much just got done right in now
yeah
is that saying bad sign Beth back back
hey that's cute face look at his bubbles
you guys um he's putting his face in the
water I just put the same amount of soap
that I usually did like you get at the
old house but this faucet like pours out
and so it makes really big bubbles and
so he loves it he puts his face in a
makes little mustaches and beards huh
hey thank you he just loves bath time
and
I just love that he loves bath time but
at the end of the day even if he's in a
bad mood and he's so tired and once go
to bed he can't wait to jump in the bath
and just relax
it we're all clean we got our teeth
brushed we got our hair comb our night
clothes on are you ready for bed you
seen that night Nichkhun
he's actually been really interested in
books lately it's been making me excited
he opens them up and I go to read them
and then he kind of just doesn't want me
to but at least he's getting more
interested in them and wanting to
actually like look at the pictures and
stuff like that I think that's really
cool and no shirt what do you think what
do you think you like that trying to
read a book how about on the night you
were born when the polar bears heard
they danced until dawn
that's that girls are gross seeing your
nails falling apart
I got gel nails because after I took the
acrylics off my nails were like
paper-thin
horrible and all that's how they already
always are but I did it you're setting
now barely a week though they're
supposed to last like a really long time
stop looking at them I'll stop looking
at her look at her MA
where you going to sleep you're going to
9 night next to Ali's basket of toys h99
coin okay
comment you know tooks really big in
this angle where did Ollie put it oh my
gosh she probably did grab it huh gone
forever our kid just takes things and
hides them from us well geez we're
disturbing karma and his slumber
all right karma go to sleep we're gonna
say goodbye okay you shake a bite say
good night night guys give the vlog a
thumbs up because I can't I don't have
thumbs so do it for me
wah and it's like and the seat I guess
is designed so that their legs are
dangling yeah
that's really important to your child
really shouldn't be the lake should be
giggling they should be in sort of a
seated position kind of like that and so
this keeps it so that they are so the
