what in the world are these what this is
our son baby
these are boys he's gonna do amazing
things
good morning guys so I made these things
called Abel skeevers also known as
Danish pancakes and they're like crispy
actually I remember Jared and Ellie made
something like this from scratch and we
just picked these up at Trader Joe's I
believe and they heard to them as Danish
pancakes but they look interesting I
think you're supposed to put like a
little bit of powdered sugar on them I
don't know
check out this breakfast I just made
start the day off right with a hearty
breakfast put some powdered sugar on
here oh there's no powdered sugar in
there babe you a pillar of sugar don't
you hate that when the powdered sugars
not a little powdered sugar Joe what are
you doing Ollie running around he's ate
a big ol breakfast you ain't for
pancakes this morning didn't you yes
that's right ladies and gentlemen he ate
four giant adult sized pancakes now I'm
just kidding they're like the size of a
quarter he knows where we stashed the
grandma's cookies so he opens up the
cupboard and goes straight for the
cookies mmm cookie what kind of that
chocolate chip you are your mother's son
aren't you
all right I got some powdered sugar dust
that on them balls yeah busy look I
dusted the balls sorry
and it says to serve them with maple
syrup so let's try a little bit of that
too mmm the insides really got bad it's
kind of cinnamon II kind of Apple II
yeah you don't won't be better if
they're homemade we'll have to make them
homemade when Jared and Ellie visit
because they know how to do it so I just
went to go get the mail key it's in this
drawer it is a miracle that I find the
mail key every single time you guys
right here Missy everyone has a junk
drawer you guys have a junk drawer right
let me know in the comments you guys
have a junk drawer uh yeah this it
wasn't supposed to be our junk drawer it
just kind of naturally turned into it I
think we actually oh that wouldn't
actually turn into but actually I think
we planned for this to be the junk
drawer you heard on that one I plan on
this one and everything like this was
just sort of happened but I got the
milky so I'm gonna go check the mail
good morning guys my little guy is up
from his nap actually today Sunday and
Oliver decided to sleep in until 10:00
a.m. so I was like heck yeah so I slept
in it was glorious of course we had to
skip Church because all he slept in but
you know why I'm not gonna come in here
and wake Ollie up in the morning if he
wants to sleep until 10 o'clock it's
cool of me what's in your mouth there is
some danger Mouse's hangin mm-hmm always
with the books if he sees a book he just
like takes a bite out of it
I'm looking for something cute for Ollie
to wear I'm kind of getting bored of his
clothes right now I feel like all his
clothes he's more like a thousand times
and I don't know I'm just ready for a
change in his wardrobe he's actually
just starting to get to the next size
and clothes so maybe we'll just end up
going shopping pretty soon oh this is
new awesome like daddy what do you think
of this it is a twelvemonth he's not
quite in 12 months holes right now but
it looks pretty singing cute so I'm
gonna put a minute look at this adorable
outfit it actually fits very well so I'm
happy you guys want to see something I
love doing dolly whoo Holly where's
Ollie where is he
ha I cannot see you there you are
there's like you lost you now you're
found
I've got makeup
and my hair sort of done it's just like
a bun it's been raining a lot today I
mean raining it's been like sprinkling a
lot today just been kind of watching it
cleaning that chillin and relaxin it's
been really nice but at the same time
we're like we need to get out of this
house so we're headed out right new
windshield wipers are not raining at all
all that keeps coming in and out oh so
we have been getting a much-needed break
from the 3-digit weather we've been
experiencing it's like 80 degrees out
here it feels beautiful sort of
strolling along downtown oh my gosh we
need what did this really happen we just
walked this is basically a trap this is
a trap for girls who want puppies oh
that one you doing good with only three
legs buddy oh thank you Kali buddy Walla
maybe yeah hey do you see the puppies
just went by this fruit place miss you
got some dried apples some good we have
some honey roasted peanuts and look at
this you guys a big old
chocolate-covered strawberry you like
strawberries now huh I'm gonna try this
thing is Jamie Muro it's you
holy cannoli my god oh wow that was
amazing it is my boy
no I've never understood the whole
chocolates and strawberries I just its
fruit and it's chocolate and I love them
both but I do not want them mixed
together there's a bigger strawberry
ever and it's those he's limping it's
like dripping redness it looks delicious
talk to me the the strawberry part does
not not necessarily chocolate with it so
we are at Victoria's Secret now we're
gonna get missing a nice pair of wings
right no come on you know what some some
feathery cool wings babe no am i
embarrassing you recording why am I not
on to record in here so if you guys
don't know I'm actually planning or
nothing I'm actually going to be in my
friend Kelsey's wedding in October and
really excited but I'm looking for a
dress and I kind of been looking for
like this perfect dress in my mind but I
don't even know what it's gonna look
like but I have so many different colors
I can choose her how many times what you
think she's having like a more bohemian
vintage style just wedding or just yes
so this would be the dress I wore it is
it's got like this really pretty
heart-shaped top it's lacy would you
feel like this kind of vintage II it
comes down it flows and it's also got
this it's like a lace longer in the back
yeah it's really good
I like it so I'm going to try it on you
guys about to tell me what you think if
it's if it looks good on me
but we'll see alright guys here it is
and Tommy is think I think I love it
okay so I really like this I'm really it
kind of gives it like this really pretty
shape is kind of you know us like
straight across unique unique New York
cute little like skirt part that's lacy
and then this kind of comes over and
makes it more flowy looking yeah do a
hardcore spin spin spin spin spin spin
ooh get a girl I like this part yeah I
think it looks quitting is totally
different yeah you like mama in this one
yay I know it's cool I went for it
I got the dress but if you know me at
all
my mind can change very quickly I sent a
picture to Kelsey so we'll see what she
thinks to where we are dropping Oliver
off with Mimi and Papa and me and Bryan
is calling with them now you gonna live
with your Mimi and Papa now is okay okay
oh my dad has a night off so he gets
stayin out with Holly which is always
all he's got his stick I Mimi and Papa's
he goes he goes right in there and grabs
the stick oh you want me to say Mimi
Papa's auntie's and uncles what are you
gonna do with that you gonna roll a
nation you gonna put the water into
something like a little Moses Missy
check this out you guys old family
photos like a busy she looks a lot like
Ollie there I will admit that was August
91 well here's a classic one I see
digging for treasure look at that smile
okay that's so Oliver hmm it's so cute
babe I know they do yeah hold up wait a
minute put a little
I'm in it hey babe so we're on our date
and we headed into Babies R Us probably
we accumulated a lot of gift cards to
Toys R Us and Babies R Us so we have
something in mind that we think Olli
might need
so we're gonna go look and this is
happening look at this you guys they got
Halloween stuff out already
that's crazy
all I know is we have to do a lot better
oh this is from last year isn't it yeah
we have to do a lot better than last
year and not get his costume a week
early here's the monkey the monkeys kids
still do it he's gonna be a monkey so
Missy I just had an amazing dinner we
got so many goodies to take home to I
love restaurant leftovers Missy does not
new leftovers at all even if we make
them ourselves she won't eat them I
always have to fill up those here's the
thing you say that but then you don't
eat it and then I have to throw it away
it's really work I do I'm like okay
should I keep this because I don't want
throw away food but no then it sits in
my fridge and I have to think about how
I'm not eating it the next three days
it's like it's just like prolongs the
process but anyway yeah we are pretty
much full of calamari and now we are
headed to go pick up Olly oh hi hi yeah
you prefer tea did you even realize me
work on gonna stick PW super baby he
doesn't even care me me introduce
something new to Ali's diet yogurt
yogurt and he likes it it's all over his
face if you guys don't know him is he
has like a phobia of yogurt oh my god
all this face nummies Holly you got a
yogurt moustache if you do it's super
cute that he loved it like we are back
home this year's attempting to put Ollie
to sleep he was up kind of late tonight
we weren't really planning on
like going out and having a little date
or whatever so it's kind of spontaneous
but it's my step family nearby then we
can just sort of drop them off and you
can have time with them and they enjoy
it and we can you know sort of have
those moments so that was pretty cool so
I was just going through some of our
stats for this channel and I just have
to say like it has been crazy the past
couple of months you guys when we
started this YouTube channel like we
were starting it to celebrate life you
know we were celebrating
Missy's pregnancy with Olli and getting
to watch it every day and now you know
she's not pregnant and we have Olly and
we're kind of just going about our
normal lives but we're still celebrating
life I think with this channel you know
and I think that's something that's
always gonna be just what we're doing is
celebrating life whether we're out doing
something fun and exciting or we're just
staying at home and spending time with
family man it's just crazy to think
where we've come from
you know how this channel started and
where we are now you know what I mean so
I was looking at stats you guys and it's
just like the stats blow me away
we have 110,000 subscribers as in this
moment obviously that's not exact um
and you know the for the past month or
two we've been getting like a hundred
thousand views a day on our channel the
vlogs may not say a hundred thousand
views on every single vlog but you have
to understand people are watching that
vlog and a bunch of other vlog
collectively total every day we're
getting around hundred thousand views a
day that's crazy
next month I think we actually actually
might hit over three million views
monthly that's monthly guys every single
month it's just crazy and Missy's spying
on me right now what are you doing
this is spying on me through the desk
but anyway I was just looking at those
numbers and it was just driving me
bonkers I was like this is bonkers this
is crazy you guys like it doesn't feel
like real life you know what I mean it
feels like a dream I don't know it's
just something I never planned on and I
love it so much I'm so thankful for you
guys and so I just wanted to say that
tonight and say thank you and we love
you guys but I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog
on how to end it here but click thumbs
up if you guys enjoyed it let's see
coming up we have some really cool
things coming up we're going to vlogger
fair you guys will have your tickets get
discounted ones in the description below
there's a new video up on baby league
I'll have that linked to below as well
so go check that out oliver meets a mean
turkey I can't think cuz missus staring
at me and she just look so shocked she
hi wife she's doing a little dance for
me now anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video and we'll see you tomorrow
ok bye 3 to 100 so go dude did water go
everywhere love it man there's just
something about swimming and rain you
guys it feels so good what is it about
swimming in the rain
alright the rubber ducky says it
