hey guys we just got back from church
and there's a bomb going up in our
living room this is our son baby this is
our boy he's gonna do amazing things
hi Karma how are you all he did so good
at church this morning all unit is gonna
hat there you go karma you're so excited
come here you gotta go potty
can't go honey go through her yeah but
uh funny story so he starts falling
asleep on the way here we know he needs
a nap and so we crank circle of life and
Missy went back there and like was
shaking his head like trying to get him
to wake up because if you fall asleep in
the bar you can't take a good nap now
you're gonna take a good post-church nap
right keno yoga Wow I mean I yeah I can
take it yeah go up there
all right I've got all I down for his
afternoon nap which is nice because he
really needed it poor guy whenever we do
church he usually wakes up an hour or
two before church and then he's usually
tired by the time we leave for church
and so he's got a power through all
during church time and then he has to
just wake up or go to bed once we get
home so it's kind of tough for him it
works he's gonna get his a nice long nap
and then he'll be good for the day I've
got to fold some laundry clean the
bathroom do some stuff I would love to
take a nap or sit in the pool or
something but gotta get some stuff done
so after church and I have to talk quiet
cuz everyone's taking a nap um but after
church we picked up a fan from Target
and we got one of these things I just
think they look nicer I don't know if
they are any better but I'm actually
gonna try it out basically it's like we
like sleeping in a very cold room like
that's just how we are we cannot be warm
but obviously I don't want to set the
air to like 70 degrees every night
because I just be outrageous but it gets
cool it up at night that we can open
this window but we need a fan in front
of it to filter the air so let's plug
this in so this is the highest setting
hmm kind of blows and by blows I don't
mean doesn't blow sitting in my office
my very Plain Jane or John I guess plain
John office I don't know all I know is I
only have one thing up on the wall and
it's that nifty little envelope thing
the holds on my bills
that actually has bills in it that I
have to pay so that's great um but I'm
kind of just like feeling overwhelmed
right now it's Sunday but I know this is
gonna be a pretty busy week for us we
have Oliver his birthday that were
planning Missy has some important videos
that she wants to do on her channel this
week that we have to get filmed and
edited I really wanted to do like a
video khurana logging all of hers first
year like from birth to his first year
and I don't know if I wanted to do like
one second from every single day from
this first 365 days because that make it
like a six minute video and I'd have to
go download 365 videos basically to pull
a clip from each which would be torture
I don't know if I'm gonna do that we're
gonna do some kind of picture thing but
I want to do something and I just don't
know how I'm gonna fit it in honestly
and I we're gonna have a new song next
week for the intro that angel actually
happened after Oliver the first birthday
I think I made up my mind I want to
cycle through a handful of different
intros I have to do that and then on top
of all of that we have to get an episode
of look who's vlogging up next week
which actually there is a new episode up
today so if you guys go to the link
below in the description you can check
it out we did a really cute episode with
Ollie and karma and his girlfriend
Sophie so go check that out but I gotta
have another one for next weekend I
don't know what to do and Casey who is
the voice of karma is actually gonna be
leaving on vacation for like three weeks
so I don't know what we're gonna do I
honestly just I don't know what we're
gonna do I feel really overwhelmed and
and I'm just not sure where to begin
really everyone
thinks that being a youtuber is so easy
and I'm not saying it's like the hardest
job in the world I'm just saying like we
I have things that I have to deal with
do you know there's pros and cons to
every type of job or career you choose
and that's no different with what we do
as well the only difference is is that
I'm honestly so happy with what I do you
know like I feel like it fits me and I
feel like I found my calling in a sense
but that doesn't mean that it's entirely
easy nothing really worth your time is
going to come to you easy everything
takes hard work and perseverance and you
know that's kind of just what we have to
do in this case hello karma you really
want to go play cute is been dying and
begging me to let him swim all day he
literally has to swim every single day
it's pretty much the cutest thing ever
there you go oh look at him and he knows
how to maneuver right around the vacuum
cleaner which I find good except first
you would like get caught in it now he
can swim right over it so Q I usually
lend swim for a little bit and swimming
for dogs is actually a really really
good exercise so I like to let him swim
but Ollie's up and I'm actually up I
took a nice little nap too so I was just
like exhausted they both got snaps in
and now we got a play I guess I guess we
should play all I do you want to play
Hey like I can you wanna get in one of
these and get in there it's actually a
really really super nice day think it
might be like upper 80s I'm gonna show
you I feel like you guys really like it
when I show you the temperature because
oh wow that's definitely gon disagree it
did not feel like a hundred degrees so
that's really weird like it I swear it
doesn't feel hundred but that sitting is
wrong karma is the water nice yeah thank
you for that um
they're usually really nice art and
pretty cool pictures in
here and it looks like not every page
has like words on it which i think is
cool so we just filmed a video from EC
channel and I feel incredibly stupid
okay so the audio on Missy's videos have
been horrible but we have like a really
nice mic you guys this is a very nice
mic and it should not be sounding like
it has well it turns out that I have
instead of been plugging it into the mic
spot been plugging it into an audio spot
and I haven't always been doing this
because when I first got it I need to
plug it into the mic spot so I don't
know what happened I just got lazy or
wasn't checking and so I've always been
plugging into there so we've essentially
been using the crappy in camera audio
for like I don't know how many of
Missy's videos now tested it and we just
filmed a video and the audios way better
so hopefully that fixes everything I
feel so stupid I don't know how that
happened you guys he loves when you'd
answer them yeah
did you going on a little walk he's so
cute
hey you got his water bottle I actually
put this in it so he doesn't like scrape
his feet he's got his new cell phone
that he just got hello hello don't touch
me try it's so cute I'm dying over it
holy do like stun stone and it could be
like that one show fast and furious oh
yeah what do you think of that he's like
so chilling it - it's so funny
oh gosh it's glass what the heck oh it's
a thing a Christmas mug we need to fill
up your gas tank golly come on there you
go fill it up okay Dada fill it up yeah
you got water awesome
sit here you are going at a fast pace of
44 miles an hour that's the ice-cream
man and we have no money how do we get
into this predicament I know this is
what we're having for dinner that you
guys made some coconut shrimp
we got leftover Chinese food and then I
actually sauteed some green beans in
some general sauce so they're night in
nice and sweet and spicy and I made
Panda Express imitation noodles
none of the crap in it yeah we basically
took out all the vegetables that's why
we're like oh we should probably make
some green beans oh you guys my office
looks like a little studio it's got
lights everywhere cameras everywhere but
anyway man today was kind of just a lazy
day but we actually did get a lot done
you guys gonna be going to vlogger fair
vlogger fair is in Seattle it's next
month if you missed the cutoff for the
early bird tickets the cheaper tickets
I'll actually have a link below that you
can get 10% off any ticket if you use
that link so if you guys are in the
Seattle area and you want to go we're
going to be there Jared and Ellie are
going to be there Colin and Katie are
going to be there everyone's going to be
there and we're all just gonna like hang
out and get to meet each other and I
don't know if vlogger fair I'm really
excited about water fairs I think it's
just going to be a lot different from a
lot of the other YouTube conventions so
I think it's gonna be a ton of fun so if
you guys want to get tickets I'll have
the link below also please go check out
the baby League video look who's
blogging the episodes that are turning
out so nice I love it we just did a
brand new one up there so go check it
out I'll have a link
I'm gonna go ahead and end the vlog
though I feel like the office is
becoming the new place to end the vlog
what do you guys think about that have
you guys noticed like a different
pattern of how we need the vlog now that
we moved into the new house I think some
people think it's a lot more interesting
now that we're in our own house and
we're trying to where we're slowly
working into it you know we were so in a
groove at the other house with our
vlogging and I feel like now it's like
we're picking it we're finding a new
groove you know what I mean the office
is kind of like becoming a place where I
just like talk to you guys and say
goodbye you know so but anyway I hope
you guys enjoyed today's well I give it
a thumbs up if you did give it a thumbs
up even if you didn't enjoy the block
and it's free and it would make me happy
thank you guys for watching every we'll
shoot tomorrow barn you're too young to
be driving yeah Oh Oh Cassie you push
her in do it do it for the vlog I notice
