good morning guys I am just getting some
breakfast gone for all look at these
little pancakes these little pancakes
problem too cute just like you this is
our son baby boy is gonna do amazing
things Earth's best organic whole wheat
blueberry mini pancakes that is a
mouthful which is ironic because they're
not very big so they wouldn't really be
a mouthful
I'm not giving all over eight smells so
good when I took them out of the package
that I was like yeah I'm gonna eat some
of those this morning but there's always
breakfast all done up cute all right but
there you go
I even chopped them all up nice for you
do you think no gross face he's chewing
it yeah he must actually like these guys
hmm those are good those pancakes are
actually really good we got those from
roots coming ready to come in the coping
better Gumpy he's one thing because all
he's eating and he knows all he will
give him food to actually we've had to
like put um our late
comment down whenever all he's eating
cuz all I just won't eat he'll just give
all his food you come and sit down
so this morning started off with kind of
a bummer
today is trash day and I didn't take the
trash out last night I thought I'm
trying to do this morning because last
week they didn't come by in till like
9:30 which is 9:30 now they didn't come
by to get the trash until 9:30 and then
you can get the recyclables until 10:00
I went out there like 901 and they had
gotten all of them and I'm like what the
heck is it like different every week so
that's the only kind of bummer I guess I
just have to start putting attached with
the night before but it's a bummer
because we accumulate a lot of cardboard
I always fill up that recyclable
container with cardboard and I think we
have like half a trash can left good
morning guys well it's not really
morning I totally forgot to
my camera with me - Oliver swim so I'm
kind of super bugged because he did so
good he was so so cute he's actually
getting really good at not necessarily
floating on his back but just being able
to lay on his back it is going to be a
hot one supposed to be like 104 today so
um
swings definitely in our future but on
our on our way home from swim I picked
up some packages and check this out
all of his birthday is over and look at
all these letters gifts this is a look
we got some tin cans actually we love
chocolate intense the first time I've
ever seen white tin tan so that should
be interesting to try we loved the Tim
Tams oh they're so good got some Milo
there which we've tried before we've got
a few gifts and a ton of clothes someone
just went crazy so thank you guys so
much again for all these cards probably
close to 300 cards now um saw has a lot
of cards
Oliver sleepin I'm cleaning up getting
stuff done and a Brian is editing which
is always good oh and check out this
drawing that Leslie did for us it is
Brian and Oliver isn't that cute such a
really good drawing I just love stuff
like this because people take like
really like a lot of their time and they
do this and it's just like wow it's so
cool look at Oliver so cute so yeah this
was a really good job thank you so much
lessee for doing that look who's here
auntie and she got here just in time
because all I just woke up so she's
gonna go get him and she's gonna bring
you guys let's go
hi good morning my favorite what are you
doing up I love you ah hey hey hey hey
look what oh my god what is that
so this is actually from Amy from baby
League she sent us a little harvey
harley-davidson motorcycle type thing I
think he's a little small for at the
moment but we're gonna see what he
thinks guys are there and and then and
you're like yeah press that button
he did not get it at all like I said I
think he's a little too young for at the
moment but he will eventually learn how
to use this and he would be sipping
around here like crazy so thank you so
much Amy that was very very very kind of
you
all right guys we got a problem bugs
bugs everywhere they're ants but they
look like angry ants they like have
wings and everything and I have to get
to a car and get my car games cartoon
car the car didn't come uh mrs. Joe no
room here's what happened we have a lot
of ants at the at the front of our
garage so yesterday I went out with a
hose and I sprayed in the crack and
swarms of them came up you guys they
came up from the crack and just look at
this I've use moms right now who's so
disgusting um and it must have angered
them they must have like a colony under
the concrete or something because yeah
Missy got home look at they're all over
my car go away yeah they must have like
a colony under the concrete and I just
angered them so I'm going to go get some
ammunition and it's Brian versus the
insects right now to the EVG bees hey
guys it's a hot I can barely breathe
it's like really really hot you guys um
what what do you guys say it is I say
it's about it says it's about 108 really
hot it feels like I can't like move it's
like the air feel like dick to you
yeah cuz you're like God soul man at
Karma I left a bag out here and it had a
rip on it and then this is what happened
power ripped up in the trash so Brian's
dealing with bugs
I've got trash things have just kind of
falling apart at the moment whoa ha ha
ha
this should do the trick hopefully
hopefully they all look like that at the
end of the day one thing about me you
guys I've got so many fans look at all
these fans I've got man
they all just love me alright just got
it and it feels a bit a bit nice all
these guys use swim shorts on we're
making rounds and so cute.i well the
blog people been asking about this so
look at his face right now look how
first look how cute it is
as you can tell he doesn't have like a
sunburn or anything but if you guys
remember from yesterday's vlog his face
was so red and we went to the ferry he
hung out outside for like a little bit
not like a long time and he really
wasn't even in the Sun that long so I
was like there's no way he has a sunburn
but his face got so red and a lot of you
were like oh my god she's got a sunburn
he doesn't so when Oliver gets like warm
it turns like bright red like a tomato
it's really weird
check it out Oh sunburn No sunburn
whatsoever perfectly tan skin you get a
blue bubble oh can you hear the bubble
Oh murder okay you guys you ready for
this
there's bugs everywhere pretty much not
taking any prisoners at this point so
let's get started
is it weird though it smells good smells
like fresh scent oh that big group of
come here thank you you give me the EVG
bees no more okay so I think I got all
the ants that were in the garage and at
the base of garage and stuff and now I
got this stuff to basically spray around
the perimeter of the entire outside of
the house as it works for nine months so
we shall see all right we just took down
all the cards I've read all the cards
that we got today and I gathered all the
ones that we got on his birthday and
I've laid them out you guys sent us a
card trying to pause the video and find
it but otherwise check out these cards
there they are
no there's a little level one that is a
lot of guard and weave that's not even
like all that we've got a lot of
handwritten letters and cards and stuff
like that so I didn't include every
single one that is a lot of birthday
cards you guys okay we had no idea like
we had no idea we were gonna get this is
your printed card I really wanted to so
sweet every single person like took
their time to write something to oli and
we're gonna put these all actually in a
box specifically like with birth night
first first birthday card thank you all
so much that's so cool are we gonna be
able to do this next year no dude again
this is how you pick up hot girls right
here
did our weekly grocery shopping she got
her Apple chips so she's all happy
because they always have them in a weird
spot you know
mmm apple chips mmm hold up good thing
we bought three bags powdered and corn
syrup are they really
yeah oh my gosh guys my mom just posted
the most ridiculous throwback Thursday
on her Instagram oh my gosh okay so this
outfit that I'm wearing my mom is like
oh you look so cute and I'm like mom you
were so mean to me you made me think
actually look cute nice she's like I
know I thought it was cute but now I'm
like hmm 13 going on 40
you got enchanted on this is your
favorite movie huh I feel like it's like
all of its like Cinderella Snow White
and you didn't be yeah enchanted is
definitely a good one
awliyas playing with karma and his ball
and we just pulled some dinner off the
grill we're just having some chicken
again throwing it on some sandwich bread
so I got some avocado go throw some Red
Hook weirdo fool so wall is still normal
you guys I did not get a chance to do
the chalkboard paint that I have but
actually I'm gonna do it tonight maybe
like while the vlog is uploading or
something I really want to get it done
oh hey you guys I want to let you guys
know that we do have a new song new
intro everything is coming I am working
on a video for Oliver like to you know
sum up his whole first year I've got a
little surprise though regarding one of
those things that I don't want to talk
about it just yet but it's gonna be
really cool it I think you guys are
gonna be really surprised Missy and I
are very excited as well that's all I'm
gonna say because if I reveal it I'll be
so mad at myself
but but anyway I'm gonna go ahead and
end today's vlog I hope you guys enjoyed
it yes that is Sims 3 sticker on my
fridge I love the Sims I haven't played
since 3 in a while but I think this Sims
4 should be pretty cool I'm looking
forward to that anyone else looking
forward to this in sport anyway thank
you guys so much for watching today's
video give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed
it and if you hate bugs also and we'll
see you tomorrow bye
is Nami
it looks I can't even think of like
where everything was now they like
gutted this place is crazy
but it's basically like a Panera almost
right is he got a panini John Midori
it's a good cool I got just a simple
sandwich with turkey bacon avocado
tomato
