hey guys you know how we've been loving
cooking in our new kitchen lately and
that fish looks good garlic mashed
potatoes oh so good yeah I like light
sauce lately we've been on the hunt for
some awesome cooking series right here
on YouTube
and we've definitely been inspired by
Whole Foods new cooking series called
homemade healthy
they feature simple nourishing
family-friendly recipes that look
amazing like this dish soap and noodles
with roasted shrimp and sweet potatoes
and what's great about this is the sweet
potatoes are super nutritious and sweet
the shrimp's really light and the snap
peas are really really clean and
seasonal we've actually been using a lot
of fresh veggies and shrimp in our
dishes lately so this is one dish that
we cannot wait to try gonna click the
annotation on the screen or the link in
the description box to check out all my
healthy on the Whole Foods Market kale
and subscribe while you're there
enjoy the blog guys
this is a son baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things what
you got you got your new monkey is that
your new friend he's been dragging that
thing everywhere all morning you guys he
went straight to it picked it up take
his new best friend
it's what Ally you're not a baby anymore
you're a year old that means you gotta
start doing the laundry okay so get the
full done come on I'm getting his
breakfast already he's gonna have some
cereal Willa crunch as he loves gorillas
clearly then look at all the left over
fresh we have from yesterday whoo
clementines do you have fun yesterday
buddy yeah you probably do a lot better
if you let go a gorilla for a second no
you can't eat it if you can't eat it
buddy
all right this gorilla munch is probably
soft enough for him to eat now I'm gonna
give it to him ready
Oh eat away my friend then we also have
lots and lots of fruit have at it buddy
sure drink your milk I'm what you do it
so buddy
hey that usually means he's done when he
starts throwing food good morning guys
so I woke up and I came downstairs to
find oli playing with all of his
brand-new toys hi he has so many toys
now we're getting ready to probably pack
up a lot of his baby stuff that he
doesn't really use anymore this is the
coin that my brother actually got him
it's got like all the sports it's got
basketball
he's got soccer when you flip it around
it's got baseball golf and then also
hockey not crazy and he likes it
he's been throwing the basketball in the
hoop which is really cute and he's
actually kind of scared of this horsey
he really loves sticks if he finds a
stick he will literally walk around with
it all day long so we're like oh the
perfect thing to get him would be a
horsey stick but apparently it's a
little bit scary here got it big he's
like nah no I don't want it oh my gosh
and I think we totally forgot to show
you the really cool chalkboard that
Brian made for oli yesterday look at
this it says 1 and each letter is kind
of designed differently but the e
actually matches his invitation I'll get
it our little Oliver is turning 1 you
did the like clouds just like the Ian
looks so cute I love it I think you did
a really good job it's very like I don't
know just very classy and cute looking
all right what do you want to eat first
how about chicken what you're not ollie
yeah I just put it up why are you hungry
hey what's that get that monkey of my
right ear yeah what's up so with that
okay okay I'll get the blinky out I'm
making me some lunch and I'm actually
using the chicken that Bryan grilled up
last night after Oliver's birthday we
had a little bit of chicken and it's
really really good
so I'm gonna make some chicken salad
sandwich this little chopper
the ninja don't have to be too choppy
they want to turn into puree
looks pretty good so I totally got
sucked into watching documentaries on
hulu like guilty pleasure I love
documentaries and I find I gravitate
more toward the ones that are about like
companies and brands and products and
stuff like that I think I've always just
sort of been interested in that so I
basically wasted my morning just like
vegging out ever since high school I've
always been interested in like brands
and marketing and stuff and I've always
had this sense that I would actually
have a career in something like that and
with YouTube in a way I totally do
because we work with a lot of brands we
work with a lot of companies and we have
a lot of really cool opportunities like
that so it's fun because in a way
through YouTube I'm able to like fulfill
you know the creative part of me but
also that aspect of you know business
and brands and and companies and
marketing and and fun stuff like that so
blah blah blah blah blah anyway I'm
still in my pajamas shorts so I got a
change and one a little bit of water man
it's like I said if you have so much
fruit I'm just going to show you it's
got pineapple and onion in here
pineapple Kiwi blueberries oranges oh
we're gonna do what to like make some
fruit smoothies or something what is
that that feeling that hot bright
feeling it's the Sun it's the Sun hey
it's me and my son in the Sun ha ha I'm
so funny Missy I like the funniest
person in the world he wants my water
bottle
he loves water bottles crabbit there you
go there you go he's gonna chew on that
for a while
whoa Missy look at this it's a skull
holding a rose
I know I wanna smell it this is daring
wait look I like it
amber Moss and geranium perfumes and
colognes are weird good ol Idaho
potatoes for dinner son good so we'll
make some garlic mashed potatoes just
potatoes ooh
angel food cake - cake picnic he's like
I would like some cake knees Missy's
been using this hipster thing a lot here
they reach there oh they did they passed
the goal it's awesome so but I think
it's still going on I think you still
get one for 120 bucks yeah just an
amazing deal look at these miss these
are so weird touch it it doesn't it it
feels like it doesn't have a cover but
it's like it's like suction - I was like
uh
a front put the cover on it freaked me
out when I first saw these and these -
babe look
it looks like it's just sitting there
but it's covered hello fishy Green Bay
and all that green flag young they're so
difficult in the bag I know I don't
don't don't
I've just wanted you there oh my dad
used to do that all of them my dad would
literally grab it and just spray us down
don't - did I get it wet yes you did you
guys we just found out
someone's trying to spell Oliver they're
trying to tell us something
they were here okay ah ah yeah this was
Oliver let's get messy you guys ready
she's in the car she has no idea
oh that was anti-climatic over had to
hang out in his crib for a few minutes
while me and Brian got some stuff done
and I made karma hang out with him to
his guard doing oh yeah I put some toys
in his crib with him and all I started
throwing the toys out cuz he was mad and
car was a little freaked out huh was all
he throwing toys at you you think
throwing toy to you he threw his drill
out which by the way he loves this drill
cutest thing especially if I feel like
for like a one-year-old he like walks
around he's pressing this button you
think this is the coolest thing eat like
give me food eat yeah a dipa that sucks
oh that's okay baby
mine is this though say saying that guy
likes to say bye yeah yeah I mean thinks
that this is nice look at Ollie it's
Tongji say your birthday since we have
your birthday banner up yeah
all right we got all kinds of crew in
here see our blender does it's
definitely a cheap blender here's his
little cup let's see what he takes what
you think Union chicken alright so for
all his birthday he got one of these
things I think that is actually from
Brian's dad I'm going to figure out how
to turn it on it's supposed to make like
lights and water so let's see here oh
let's see what do you think what do you
think of that what is that that cool so
it right now is like squirting out water
kind of make like a little sprinkler and
it's also has lights and I think you
like these pretty good do it
look at that mahi-mahi just grilling up
some mahi
got some green beans over here to dinner
you guys ready for some sweet dinner
macro action about to happen up in here
are you ready oh yeah lemon pepper green
beans garlic mashed potatoes coconut
shrimp and mahi-mahi grilled what is
that amazing or what click thumbs up if
you are salivating at the moment YUM
Missy what is with this mess we've been
talking yelling dude no Missy you are
the wife you're supposed to be barefoot
check in the kitchen doing dishes
uncheck and pregnant uncheck ok let's
talk about that last one was that
happening Missy Olly is one years old
now and what does that mean something
was supposed to happen after he turns
one we're supposed to happen to the baby
yes so can we go make a baby now
well I had to have my screen saver
no let's just make a
baby I want to make a baby with this
girl me too
what you want to make a baby with
yourself how vapid she is I really want
to we're gonna we're gonna have another
baby right babe
we're gonna have another baby another
another baby another baby boy I have a
baby food boy in there right now skinny
for a while you're delicious good all he
needs a brother okay we have a boy I'm
totally okay with that
of course I she's putting on the fakest
face she can right now and trying to
tell you guys that she'd be okay with
that
no I would be okay with it and I would
be okay with I would love I like to have
a little boy and a little like brother
that would be the cutest thing ever but
up we go through target through the girl
clothes and she said her out she's like
why can't I put him in a tutu no it's
just cool because yes Olly is one years
old now and it just sort of starts the
process yeah yeah I've been waiting for
this and so and Missy's gonna miss you I
think you'll have like a big update
about what's really going down but
there's a lot of really good news lately
yeah there is a new advancements and
updates possible advancements that
hopefully we can get this show on the
road and maybe
what worry the other day I was like I
really want have a baby another baby
he's like uh we I know we are we want
that like I don't know like he was just
like you were saying that like that one
I've already got him on it's the third
one oh yeah it's the next one after that
that we we may need to discuss well
we're having a thing no we just I'm
saying we haven't talked about the third
one isn't isn't the next one this the
second one this yes I am going to
impregnate this woman soon with the
fruit of my loins
oh those things are those things that
you say I don't know I need to yes baby
in here very soon push it out let me get
a vision just push it out as far as you
can
oh my gosh she's pregnant she's pregnant
you guys no she's not pregnant yet not
yet I'm a food baby just with some mahi
MA anyway yeah we were talking to Ellie
and Jared about vloggerfair it's coming
up if you guys don't have tickets
there's a link below in the description
where you can get discount ticket 20
days 20 days
this is Missy's happy dance there you go
bye tickets go check it out
go watch the new look who's blocking
episode belated birthday boy I'll have
that link below as well thank you guys
for watching we're gonna take off we're
gonna go make a baby just kidding I'll
see you guys later bye
Oh
