good morning guys today is July 27th so
one year ago we had Ollie and now we're
gonna go wake him up and surprise him
you ready yep
good morning ollie
happy birthday son baby this is a boy
he's gonna do amazing things
it's your birthday buddy one yeah
what do you remember about one year ago
miss I remember not being able to feel
him and being really really scared but
trying to be like I'm sure everything's
fine but all in our separate corners of
the house we were freaking out mom's
pacing I have no idea I'm sitting there
going oh my god he hasn't moved in
forever I can't remember the last time
you moved when did you last move I don't
even remember and then we head to the
hospital around 5:00 I think I waited
all day yeah we waited all day we went
to the hospital we had no idea we're
gonna have you I really did you know
that we really didn't think we're gonna
have that right everything we brought
everything just in case but we really
had no clue yeah and then they were like
yep you're not leaving till you hi babe
wearing a tank top and we were going to
the beach yeah we were supposed to go to
the beach I know like you're here I've
been with you buddy I love you oh boy
good day because you I am starting to
make a desert and I'm only making half
of them but what I'm doing is making
sort of a cheesecake crust and they're
going in these cups and they kind of
look like sand as you can see and just
kind of putting a little bit in here
this is all my crust and then I just
swish it down and then my cousin she's
bringing over her famous cheesecake that
she always makes us like a really simple
recipe and then she's going to color it
blue so it'll look kind of like water so
I'm really excited for this dessert I
feel like it's gonna be like really cute
and stuff and then I've got all of my
cupcakes done we've got chocolate red
velvet and french vanilla so I'm excited
to frost all those and make them look
cool I can't believe this is all like
coming together and I feel like I'm
pretty organized at the moment but you
never know when everything is going to
fall apart
Brian's cleaning up the back porch
getting at all good because I turns out
I think that it's going to be like maybe
around 15 kids here so that should be
crazy look at this adorable drawing of
Oliver and
a karma stuffed animal he's holding it
looks like it's by Shay and she's from
Israel that's amazing so cute oh my gosh
that's so funny we are going through
some more packages from the peel box and
check this out we got our last round of
cards in I would say that's about like
yeah I'm sure there'll be more hot
backward daddies other carts because
they read right aha what open in Hebrew
so it opens this way that is so cool
I am headed to Sam's Club and Albertsons
I got to pick up all of our smash cake
that Missy ordered yesterday which I'm
really excited to see Missy in the
family are kind of just like putting
things together cutting fruit getting
things situated for the for the big
party which is in two hours so we have
got lots to do hopefully people show up
fashionably late we are doing all kinds
of fruit stuff right now we got
pineapple watermelon Kili oranges we've
got grapes in the fridge and so what I'm
doing is a few different things let me
show you watch out girls they're my
helpers okay so I'm actually building a
pineapple type tree that will look like
hopefully a coconut tree and have just
fruit piled around here so hopefully
that turns out I'm kind of worried
because these things are this is all
just experiment box I did yeah it is
lopsided but hopefully it'll straighten
out see we just hold out a bunch of
strawberries and fill them with this
delicious cream cheese frosting it's
delicious yeah we're definitely going
crazy right now we've got an hour and a
half until people start arriving and
then the show she'll go on how's the
Kiwi it's going good
yay the Kiwis problem my favorite and
those we don't have very many of those
okay okay and then
stick it right in here get it to be not
box I'd like that
adorable rainbow shish kebab and they've
got it all set up so it goes red orange
yellow green blue purple yeah you did
and this thing is somewhat coming
together I gotta get one more in here
all right guys just pick up the cake
look at it it's cute it's like furry
it's bright yellow so he's gonna get
super colorful and messy just for
something really simple for him to just
smash into you know so that should be so
much fun watching him do that balloons
remember what happened last time I got
balloons you guys for the general party
they like flew out of the car and I ran
down the street we actually got it on
the blog oh so stinking funny now we
have this handy dandy thing that we can
make me more and trap them all hey
everything is coming together really
nicely so this is what his little table
looks like we've got happy first
birthday it's got a little palm tree
which kind of looks weird but that's a
great umm and then got all the fruit
pile them on their sticks this is my dad
this is my dad's idea of architect and
stuff but we've got a fruit platter that
will go out here we've got strawberry
lemonade and regular lemonade ice and
this is a dessert table this is his
smash cake it looks really fluffy and
fun
we've got cupcakes cupcakes that is what
I've been talking about my cousin made
cheesecake
it looks delicious I love this that's my
favorite we got little tongs
okay good all right the boys are headed
to the pool party is what you say
president I know he's got a lot of
presents huh look at all these presents
you guys I the feeling I know what that
one is on a stick
and I'm actually very excited for that
we've wanted been wanting to get him one
of those for a while but look at that
you got peeps hanging out
we got Lady Gaga singing happy birthday
to Ollie hey hey buddy I think we're
headed out to the pool now got lots of
people outside did Missy I don't know if
Missy showed you guys this but look at
this she did this spread amazing
only likes to play with these you got it
cheesecake cupcakes Andales little smash
cake baby you see I got a I got a candle
that's why they only had purple but it
seems Martha I know are you we get a kid
we uh there might be a couple things you
missed but whatever it's working doing
my hair everything I didn't do my hair
hey you got everybody out here chillin
eating food yeah lots of people in the
pool let's see if I can do this in one
hand how's the water feel Heidi a little
gone I want to watch you swim go ahead
how many lessons that she done more
lessons that's great that's so cool they
just put a Livia and swim lesson so it's
cool getting this year swimming stuff
like that huh oh my god
Emily taking pictures who's that ya know
I am so hot that you guys I'm so ready
to jump into school right now and see
Babs calling you here we go pass them
around just passing around
Oh nuts this thing right now he points
she's been getting passed around a lot
doesn't ever take that bad you remember
this guy right are you getting a picture
yeah you needed a picture of that with
him oh that's a good water cool all
right time to go swimming at your own
first but oh my gosh it's cold
hi do you lied to me she says hi my gosh
it feels so good yeah I going underwater
can I see you
that was awesome CJ know them there we
go yeah you're going to water - good job
the water feels so guys it's cold but
it's refreshing I needed this Hey look
at you
this guy he gets it he's like yeah the
water feels great look at all he's
splashing away he's splashing when did
you learn to swim CJ
when you were 5 years old 3 swimmer boy
are these people yeah fun happy birthday
Hey look a pin
Robert you got rid of you know yeah you
came ready get him all ready for the
cake smash you ready Bobby thank you
doesn't even know what's going on
hi mom Luka ollie face having my mom cuz
she couldn't be here today but all he's
getting the treatment
are you ready buddy are you ready you
have no idea what's going on do you
actually wear that you think it would be
great for pictures if he could actually
went singing at a fan it's childproof
happy birthday
Oh
yummy doing on your buddy
I know look at him going just don't
warrant you like yummy oh my gosh
heavily he's won already let's look at
that he's totally digging it oh there
you go
this is exactly thank you thanks for
that he's done then he actually does not
like being messy does he he's over it
you drink some water for buddy you got
an outfit change for mr. Olli
oh maybe see how classy look but and the
sock babe you ready
classy buddy you all cleaned up we're
gonna rip open some of these presents
this is from CJ buddy yeah I love the
Green Lantern gift wrap look at that
buddy
it's always nice to have older kids
actually healthy but you give all your
hug CJ Cavalia hugs ah that's a really
big hug you get that oli your girlfriend
feel like he's still playing with the
first present need he opened up I see
the horse that's so cool it makes noises
even oh my gosh she's gonna love that
Holly yourself before come here bad
that's pretty cool who got him the drill
yeah he's gonna be fixing stuff in the
house Oh captain Mickey swim shorts
those are so cute baby holy this
they call monkey from Uncle Jimmy thanks
Jimmy alright thank you so much everyone
hey before everyone takes off can I get
one big happy birthday ollie so he can
look back on this video in like eight
years and and remember all your pretty
faces happy birthday happy birthday
buddy what you got there buddy
he's got the drill right they went out
and had to get him a drill so then he
can help Papa when Papa says stuff
around the house dinnertime and balloons
do not the balloons huh I didn't see
everything is starting to easy everybody
oh I know everyone's gone party's over
I've been cleaning like crazy you
recognized your card you see it you see
it you see it there's tons of cars here
those are just the ones that we got
today and of course they have all those
oh my got so many cool gifts I maybe
it'll do like a whole and show you guys
all when he got for his first birthday
he had some really really cool stuff do
you have a good first birthday you want
under your balloons
watching je randiandersen cover all of
our songs props to you man you did a
really good job actually Oliver likes it
this is the third birthday boy bath he's
had you're at the best birthday party
ever VI was a great party I had so much
fun as much as I was like Jasmine I was
like busy like the whole time it's just
fun that like I got to have everyone
here we all got to just hang out and
celebrate all over turning one it was a
lot of fun I really enjoyed it huh I'm
really tired I think we all are today we
had a really great day but it was just
kind of exhausting a lot of hard work we
had a ton of fun though
celebrating Oliver's first birthday oh
look I got another Yahner what's up
cutie with a booty you killed it today
make it a pound mmm
miss you did awesome putting together
and planning the whole party it turned
out really really nicely so that was
cool basically I'm gonna go ahead and
end the vlog but I just wanted to say
something because you know at some point
if YouTube isn't taken down or if these
videos are even still up Oliver is going
to watch this video this is his first
birthday party so I'll probably tell him
to actually watch this video I'll be
like hey go watch that video and listen
to what I told you so many years ago or
something but I just want to tell you
Oliver this is really weird I'm talking
to you right now because I talk to you
now and you don't normally respond but
by the time you're watching this you
probably respond to things I say and I
hope that you're doing what you're
supposed to like take out the trash and
keeping a room clean and not running off
with girls and stuff like that but I
just want to tell you that I love you
and I'm proud of you and it was a very
surreal moment getting to see your very
first birthday party today would you say
that's about pretty accurate it's
definitely one of those moments where I
was like wow this is my life you know
like I have a son and he is now a year
old we don't have a baby anymore we have
a NEET of one year-old babe like
I know yeah like this but anyway I love
you and I'm proud of you and we have big
dreams for you and I hope that doesn't
put too much pressure on it because I
don't know how many people I'm telling
this to right now okay anyway I want to
go ahead and end today's vlog it is not
worth it cuz my baby boy's first
birthday
totes click thumbs up to that and we'll
see you guys tomorrow oh hey go watch
the birth vlog one year ago it's in the
description it's on the end slate go see
what it's all about guess that's what
we're doing tonight you guys do it too
we'll see them off but wait what I'm 46
he was born one year ago why I still
hadn't seen him though yet Oh at nine
forty six you haven't seen at 9:31 he
was born
oh he's nine forty six and I still
hadn't seen it was at least 30 minutes
before Psalm for real mm-hmm
I just got messages from you so this is
the point in that birth blog where he's
on the table and they're like yeah
pushing on is just trying to get him to
breathe and just like seeing with my mom
and she's like telling me like it's okay
it's okay and I was like where is he
where is he where is he and I had no
idea was that long it was 30 minute was
like free here you kept coming back and
forth telling me like he's okay he's
okay but then why isn't he here I still
haven't seen him but he was born mmm
dang okay on that note we'll see you
tomorrow shopping for his birthday like
the fruit and stuff joy nice because
I've had this list and that I couldn't
check off until I was literally the day
before his birthday which is kind of
stressful but check out what we got like
I said it's a tropical birthday party so
we've got tons of pineapple inside of
him I'm sorry
hi hi birthday boy so you got tons of
pineapple
