would you guys look at this cutie this
morning
what are you doing even got your
hairbrush wearing a nice shirt and shoes
where are we going today buddy
huh yeah we're going to attempt church
this morning this is I'm sorry baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things clean
now that he is walking and I'm playing a
little more and you know we had a
Missy's friends over who have kids and
it was nice seeing him like play and
interact with the kids we think maybe
he'll actually do a little better in the
nursery plus he knows how to get into a
car basically on his own look at this
you guys
yeah I broke the key it was right here
on the wall see I was playing with
Oliver's ball just like throwing it up
against the wall and stuff and I was
like that did not just happen
okay there you go ladies and gents know
I was doing that I was like oh I'm so
cool cuz I have my own house now I can
play ball in my own house and then I
freakin hit the key and I just hit that
picture hey give me that piece oh thank
you so I don't know what we're gonna do
with this thing we lit it's literally
broken like four times and we've putting
it together it's basically a big puzzle
now we made out of the house in time for
church I'm so excited and all I looks
adorable they are headed to church today
which we don't normally go but I hope
all he does go to the nursery cuz he did
not do good a few months ago when we
took him am but he's a lot more social
he's older so he plays with toys and he
like he has fun now and so I think he'll
do okay um but I guess we're gonna find
out
look at this woman right now you look so
beautiful babe we were at church look at
the air stickers for ollie as we check
them in
realize we can't have her baby back no
we can't never this is actually the
church that Miss thing I got married in
right up there you came through this
door and I was up there bawling my eyes
out like a baby because he looked so
beautiful
remember that
throw it down and then then it oh and
down out of the bed Oliver did great in
his nursery I think it helped because my
aunt was actually in the nursery so he
kind of had a familiar face plus he's
just like old enough to play with other
kids and play with toys and so it was it
was really good I think he did really
good and I'm really happy because I
really enjoyed the church service it's
got all a down and clean up a little bit
we're gonna have a little barbecue with
my family cuz it is supposed to be very
hot our car said it was a hundred and
three outside that is way too hot um but
confession idea brush my teeth this
morning I totally forgot and I was
running out the door I was like I know
like it's too late so I'm gonna brush my
teeth real quick we have so much old
baby stuff in this garage you guys and
it's really nice because we have all
this really nice storage up here so I'm
gonna try and transfer all that up there
wish me luck another confession guys I
don't make the bed every single day
anymore I don't know if you guys
remember but I had this conversation on
the vlog a few weeks ago and how it's
like I make my bed every single day and
I don't even think it's very normal and
a lot of people in the comments were
like oh yeah it's totally normal like I
make my bed every single day no matter
what I was like I don't think I would if
I didn't like live in my bedroom I don't
think I would make my bed every single
day sure enough since I don't spend the
day whoop I don't spend the day in my
bedroom
I don't like entertain in my bedroom I'm
not really in my bedroom unless I'm
asleep I don't even have a TV in there I
don't make my bed every day I just get
out of bed and I go clean downstairs but
I don't really like do my bedroom
ooh yep that's over 100 all right you
guys okay seeing that selfies for all
you that do Celsius success got
everything up there and it's nice and
free down here and it's the worst day to
do it
like 103 out and now I'm sweating oh
Jesus
check these things out we picked these
up at Albertsons and they're like little
like holes to put blocks spanish-style I
like to put guac and salsa like that
sorry I'm going to make some guacamole
and we have some salsa and put chips in
here
so I'm excited with that and I'm really
excited about my parable yeah these
things seem so small but and they do go
really fast with her so delicious and
I'm telling you I just discovered my
love for pineapple like not that long
ago either I have a little handy dandy
tool that I got the other day from
Walmart so easy
aha got my eye
you
check that out pineapple perfect
ringlets comes all apart like that so
the core I need to figure out how to get
it out of that Oh Holly where are you
you got back there buddy you gotta get
out come on he squeezed himself back
there and now he can't come again so
we're all just hanging out Jim and Jimi
went spearfishing and look at this you
guys they actually got footage yeah I'm
sorry
stingray that's so cool then a flutters
away scary there is there's a shark it's
a little baby shark okay but everyone's
like why are you swimming if there's
sharks dad why can you so do sharks it's
the type of shot there's about 400
ifferent types of shark and there's only
like 30 they rarely bite people and in
this area it's mostly leopard sharks and
nurse sharks and stuff nothing is it
like sand sharks - yeah they just kind
of swim on the ground and unless you
like a really pissing them off they're
good they are yeah the one we saw in La
Jolla it was a leopard shark about 5
feet long
yeah it was big it was yeah it was big
but it was harmless it was still like
wow and I thought I was like pulling
right Galago scream idiot and then we
were swimming after it and we looked
down and there was one like about three
feet away David a three foot nurse shark
yeah scary but it they're not it's not
like their great whites or like
hammerheads or anything I say the way
you identifies a great white is if it's
more than 15 feet long
okay anything else yeah yeah I don't
care if it's like a Rick wait it's more
than 15 feet I'm out you guys it is 95
degrees outside and you're all huddled
around the hot tub
they are crazy you guys we were all
swimming in the pool now I've got dinner
on the grill we got corn which we
basically snapped in half so
like corn hats and we got burgers and
chicken we need you like some chicken
sandwiches and some cheeseburgers smells
good
perfect day for grilling - nice Sunday
barbecue ollie is legit eating a corn on
the cob you guys how is that so yummy
there was barely any corn on it YUM
is that your new favorite food is not
amazing babe look you guys my throw boys
finally came these are like limited
edition like they sold out of these and
so we waited forever
we got the poop emoji pillow which I
love the smiley face the hard eyes and
then of course like which you guys
should basically be doing to this video
right now and subscribe if you're not
already pretty much I think they're cool
look at this one's got hard ice QT or
anything I just want them to go in your
office yeah they'll probably go in my
office share it in case you're doing one
direction KC's really good he should be
in a boy band
all he wants to play oh crap the skipper
fell in the pool
oh how that happened yeah everyone's
gone we had a really fun barbecue today
with everyone over we have this amazing
pool and I seriously just like love
sharing it with people and I love having
people over and getting to hang out any
good food stuff have you seen this by
the way got these little hooks on here
super convenient wrapper ducky we have
the same rubber ducky as big brother you
guys they're cool crazy this is like
Missy's lifetime emoji she's just so in
love with me oh yes I really think that
we should make a new tag video where as
probably as a tag video we have a look
at the last emojis that you've used
uh-huh and that describes kind of how
you are okay so like your emotions my
hair really down though everything mine
as a kissy face and then the mad face
and then me kissing and then me
frustrated and then me like whoa and
then checkmarks tell you a lot of tech
marks and then running and then cry
laughing and then cool and then why do
you have a printer I don't know it's all
connect Oh
describes like who you are okay your
personality I guess I just had to redo
my phone so I have I have the chicken
and that's the ticket I don't have like
lips and then a mad face well actually
there's it a couple where you have to
like do the real-life emojis yeah can
you do that one no you know the like
paste hearts are basically this one I
think is pretty easy cuz that you just
go how am i doing it it's kind of close
what about this one do this one
you guys should though today in honor of
our cool emoji pillows pillows coming
leave in the comments below what should
we say what their last emojis are yeah
let us know the five last emojis in the
cup just leave it in one comment your
last five emoji
subscribe link will use them in your
videos maybe maybe maybe when we do our
filming room this is way baking yeah I
really want to start putting together I
really want to put together my office
actually like I want to paint and my
that's like the only room that's not
done I'm just lame like that you guys
like we thought only sleeping he's out
like a light
I don't like a light anyway you guys I'm
gonna go ahead and end the vlog here but
are you dancing behind me yeah be sure
to hit that like button and hey if you
guys have not seen the season 2 premiere
of look who's logging is up on baby
league so go check that out give it a
thumbs up you guys let's try and hit
like what's a good goal 4,000 likes
let's try and get 4,000 likes on the
season 2 premiere of the new look who's
vlog and go check it out how that video
links below thank you guys for watching
and we will shoot you tomorrow
bye sorry see this is why Missy gets so
annoyed when I try and watch Family Guy
in front of her it's funny so we had to
run to our city to grab a couple things
pro bar with you tomorrow and check out
this he's sleeping on dad dad he just be
passed out on the way here when we got
him out of the car seat he did not want
to wake up so I'm like oh so cute go for
it
sure cool
