good morning guys I have half my hair
done and half my hair's not done and
I've been killing as much time to put
him down for his nap because me and
Brian are going out date
I'm so excited mom's headed over she's
gonna watch Olly and well he's gonna
take a nap and then he'll probably get
up and then she'll watch him and we're
going on a date
you ready this is our son baby this is a
boy he's a new amazing things
Gemma is that a comfy place for you to
lay you like I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm a
basic you I embarrassed you huh look he
didn't give me this hug like that
whenever I'm in here working he
literally crawls under here and lays
down on this little platform that's
underneath my desk it's the funniest
thing I don't see how I can be
comfortable he's embarrassed now he just
lost he's like no you are not
embarrassing me in front of my friends
but anyways it's Friday you guys Friday
yeah and I'm really excited because
Missy and I are gonna go out but she's
got to put all he down for now a lot of
you guys been asking if I've still been
practicing my book and yes I have post
every day so let's see if I can do
anything remotely cool
see that strum that strum pattern down
up down down up down
it's hard the main thing about the
ukulele is strum patterns because that's
kind of like what makes the song sound
like the song so learning them is hard
because you have to think about it
mentally while you're doing chords but
also just strumming in general is pretty
difficult but I'm keeping my nails long
so that's a little easier to strum
because on a ukulele strum with mostly
your finger now Oh any other videos I've
watched they always start out and say
okay just so you know this is what my
fingernail looks like it's pretty long
loving this thing can't wait to jam out
with Jared at vlogger fair you guys got
tickets for that the early bird tickets
are sold out but if you guys want to get
10% off tickets I can give you guys a
code but actually if you just click the
link below in the description it's
already attached and you get 10% off a
ticket so go check that out if you
haven't done it yet also in my office is
this failed project I got this full
motion TV mount and I was super excited
about putting it on the wall and it just
was not gonna go together I worked on it
for maybe like an hour and a half last
night and I couldn't even get the bowls
bolts on the top I'm gonna return this
and hopefully find a little bit easier
one
you got enough pieces there babe look at
it put up your next your face
it's like as big as your face
and apparently the young man who was
serving her pizza had a little crush on
her and gave her an extra wrong and I
was like the girl in his head it was
like that's okay and then he surprised
me with another one
Brian was a big Hollywood ask me I think
it's trying to steal my wife you guys
that's just totally not cool I got some
panic sprays Missy and I are on our date
no kid no kid check it out Wow today and
I got this thing I don't know if it's
Saudi soda Saudi I just said Saudi I
don't know if it's soda but it's
grapefruit and it's no preservatives no
added sugar I was thinking it was gonna
be like squirt cuz I really need
something sparkling I've had like real I
had that I guess I had that Starbucks
soda but I'm gonna try this CeCe's mom
and her sister are watching Olly
well he's napping right now but we have
camera X's so it looks like Jimmy is
playing Wii Oh looks like the both wing
week and your mom just checked the
monitor and now she's going upstairs
Oh No anyway good don't text her she'll
know we're spying on them
it's so funny though
oh there's karma it's not amazing babe
Oh karma get walked approach well
there's no use crying and spilt milk
over spilt milk babe it's okay we just
got London grab some cookies and milk
and this happened baby it's okay
they're gonna come they're gonna come
and clean it up it's okay I'm actually
really bummed that I didn't catch that
on camera that was quite funny have a
bite
best cookies ever you guys now Missy's
gonna run grab some makeup we got like
10 minutes okay so the movie starts what
no I'm sorry
hey Kash we are waiting for someone to
come check us out cuz my movie starts in
five minutes then we got what we need
alright you guys now we are headed into
the theater we're gonna go see Lucy are
you excited
should be really cool show I had not
really watch I was hoping that guardians
of the galaxy was gonna be out but
that's not till next weekend but we'll
let you know what we think about Lucy in
three two one let me see your camera
what to say we just logged a whole lot
of stuff when I bring God not we this he
did yeah yeah okay so so Brian what did
you think of the the movie it was weird
I liked that it had Scarlett Johansson
in it but it was weird I agree I think
that it was this is so we were like
doing it again I agree okay it was it
was a cool action movie and I had some
cool sci-fi things but the end was just
like like they gave up yeah you saw some
movies just go crazy towards the end
that's what this movie did and by then I
was like I don't know going on anymore
if you're wondering what happened just
now Missy has her camera and she hit
record and then just went with it and
started vlogging a bunch and we've all
get an entire conversation where's your
memory card I just happened hug so yeah
we just had to replay our conversation
yeah we just got of the movie and now
we're running in to Party City to get a
couple things we got some last-minute
shopping to do for Ali's birthday on
Sunday and always easy man with us I
know we can't do things we can run in
somewhere and then run out and like it's
actually like we actually just go in and
go out yeah yeah we also for like get
the diaper bag put the baby in the cart
stroller then put them in
did it is anyways huge like
inconvenience huge inconvenience what
are we doing just kidding no he's being
super good right now I don't even know
yeah we just gotta run some errands girl
yeah I'm high ok yes hey I was like what
first did you read it's bath time you
guys it's already that time of the night
he has had a very very fun day it's
funny cuz he is so good for like anyone
else like my mom and Cathy for me he's
good but I'm just saying like he just
tends to be a little bit more like needy
and he needs my attention at all times
and you know I think it's just like a
mom thing sort of thing I think he's
even better for Bryan when I leave him
with Bryan just when it's me I feel like
he's just more like attached and so when
other people are watching they like he
was awesome he didn't have any meltdowns
he's perfect he's had a very very
awesome very very fun day thank you baby
you guys have not seen the video up on
Missy's channel we actually did a little
slideshow of the family portraits that
we got done a couple weeks ago with
Emily so it's up right now click link
below is in the description summer
family portraits I love watching this
thing you guys hey nothing not on me all
he's just so cute look at him oh my gosh
yeah fine hey now and me me yeah oh yeah
oh yeah it's so fun it's so fun I've
been really kind of getting overwhelmed
I've got his birthday party in two days
bye everything tomorrow
Oh get it all prepared and Sunday's the
big day and I'm so I'm really excited
but I'm also just like okay wait do I
know how to entertain like 50 people
can't believe you're gonna be one years
old can't believe that hi yeah tell me
about it and crazy this whole year
seriously it's the craziest thing to
think about the fact that one year ago I
was pregnant and actually I was just
about the time when I wasn't feeling him
and I was really scared and I knew go so
fast like I'd always remember when he
was like a baby I was like always trying
to memorize every single thing he did
and taking in every single moment every
single second that way not it I didn't
feel like I didn't take advantage of it
and even though I took advantage of it I
still feel like it just went too fast
hey dump being your mommy you know that
I can't be your mama oh you're gonna
bite me
you're gonna bite me oh thank you
karma what you do this place is a mess
I actually I picked up a new TV mount
from Walmart I returned the other one
this one was the same price way easier
to put together so I have it on the back
of the TV it's already and oh missing
I've just been mounting it we have one
side up so far and it was through a lot
of trial and error but we figured out a
way that works so Missy's actually just
putting Ollie to bed and I'm waiting for
her to come down so we can finish you're
going simple for dinner tonight you guys
I picked up one of these burt Roly
shrimp scampi and linguini and you
basically just throw it in the pot and
it cooks and does its thing so that
actually looks really good and then I
got mozzarella sticks which are oozing
cheese and some garlic bread you're so
hungry you guys being starving will be
just getting the mail we got Kelsey in
Corbin's invitation wicked it's so cute
so vintage look
it's got like this little picture I'm
guessing that's where they're getting
married yeah yes and then look at it I'm
pretty sure these are their shoes
oh they're Kelsey yeah wait that is
that's just so cool I'm so excited for
them and when's that October Tober we're
gonna be making a trip that's gonna be a
fun vacation with Oliver I think look at
this fancy dinner I put together for you
in less than like 20 minutes
am i amazing or what we'll see you see
how good it is yeah did it it's on the
wall and now Missy and I have to attempt
to carry the TV and hang it on there and
we're done after a lot of hard work and
level ization just do that three more
times yeah we gotta put that TV thing
together karma are you tired
a tighter working ready to go to bed you
ready go to bed should we show him what
we did today should we show him karma
what do you think okay you guys we are
finally done let me know what you think
bumblebee ball so we have the new TV
stand which is cool it's like this
antiquey color and it's got a lot of
character and I put everything in there
get the ps4 the Wii the Apple TV and we
have the TV mounted I think it's really
nice I really really like it it's hard
to see because it's super dark and it's
turning orange and all that jazz but
we've just been cleaning up and getting
everything situated but I'm gonna go
ahead and end today's vlog we did so
much today I'm so exhausted go check out
the family portrait video it's linked
below bye guys are you right here
straight chillin
summertime she's cut her apple juice and
shades on look really comfortable
Timothy don't know where you're going
yeah we do need ooh those huh I'm
sipping on sweet tea what I get the
alligator doesn't that seem quite fair
wow it feels so good how is it possible
how is this our
