good morning my children
this is our son Bailey
the boy is gonna do amazing things he
wants breakfast good morning guys
just gonna get Holly's breakfast going
we got um these enviro kids corn puffs
guerrilla Bunch gluten free week free
ten grams of whole grain non-gmo USDA
certified all that good stuff and they
look like the little puffs that he likes
mmm you like that stuff huh oh yeah
there's a grill on your hands and
there's a gorilla on your cereal how
cool is that
I think the monkey on the box may have
influenced mommy a little huh yeah that
cool so we've actually kind of gotten to
this point where we can sort of put
everything in front of Oliver and he
does a good job at feeding himself and
usually not stuffing too much into his
mouth was just cool because he's getting
a little more independence in the way he
eats and choosing and all that what's
your favorite thing here Buddha bread
and a cereal and Missy made me breakfast
we got turkey sausage waffles bananas a
kind of a late night last night editing
and making sure the vlog was up and
stuff but I love just getting up and
eating like a big breakfast like this I
feel like it just gets me going through
the day yeah I love breakfast I have
breakfast every so morning I have to
have breakfast healthiest items you
don't eat breakfast at all sometimes I
don't eat breakfast but when I do I feel
a lot better about myself I feel like
yeah I can't force a day breakfast hey
guys we are off to swim are you ready
yeah his teacher has been um on a
mission trip actually to Albania
Nina's where she was for a couple weeks
so he went to one of the classes with
the substitute and to be honest he just
didn't really know exactly what Oliver
was capable of and so they didn't really
do much so I skipped last week and he's
teachers back this week so I think he's
really excited excited see miss Kylie
you enjoy your swim
whoo I left Brian at home he's editing
so
doctor we go
just taking the ride
thank you all right guys Missy is out
with ollie for swim and I'm using this
opportunity to try and get some work
done so I'm just getting some work done
on my computer but I have Arrested
Development on on Hulu Plus do you guys
watch this show it's a really cool show
to just like put out in the background
and actually I find cuz we have Hulu
Plus I can actually just put something
on in the background that would probably
be on normal TV that I wouldn't really
pay attention to I don't know you can
still get two weeks free at Hulu Plus
comm slash daily bombs I'll put it on
the screen and also with the link below
in the description but it's nice because
Hulu Plus you can actually play it on a
bunch of different devices like your
iPhone your tablet your Apple TV because
it's on the TV it's just like we have
normal TV so it's just like turn the TV
on turn something on so I can like have
some noise filtering in there is a-- is
that weird you guys that i have to have
like other noise and stuff going on for
me to like feel productive i just want
to sit in like this quiet room with
nothing going on while I'm trying to
work it would just seem weird to me so I
have to have some noise on all I got
done was swim and my mom's like hey
there's a repair shop over here let's go
check it out so I did and then I handed
him my phone because he's able to fix it
for not like a really crazy price so
he's gonna fix my screen and we're gonna
go get some lunch at Jersey Mike's this
place is delicious it's like way better
than Subway but I don't always go here I
don't know why well okay truth is one
time I went here and there was a hair in
my sandwich and I was really freaked out
by it but I'm over it now okay check it
out my phone is big look at that screen
that's not cracked and trying to cut my
finger open yeah so I just got it fixed
and it looks really really nice a little
worried that they weren't going to be
able to fix it because like the sides
are really dented in and stuff but he
was able to fix it so I'm happy my
button is still like barely popped out
because it's just so I just
so many times so I'm really impressed I
actually feel like it looks better than
it did before we got cracks so that's
cool I'm headed home alley it is so hot
you guys I think it's like the hottest
day of the year for us so we gotta get
home and get our pool 109 degrees you
guys oh no a high 105
yeah four degrees hon 109 with a high of
105 camera really wants to go out and
spend some time in the hot Sun I don't
know all you want to go out there and
boy you bear the heat yeah yeah yeah he
just said yeah though it's crazy
holy cannoli it really is about 110
wowzers all right I cannot let karma out
here without getting in that pool it is
way too hard to say like yeah I'm
getting in oh oh oh get in there he's
like oh I feel so nice oh my gosh it
does feel so good I am so glad we have a
pool you guys it's like the best thing
ever you swim in good job I definitely
have to put on a swimsuit Thomas you
guys remember how I went through a phase
where I was like obsessed with hummus
well I totally like forgot about it
somehow hey those are my carrot sticks
you want to eat them in the hummus yeah
I'm actually gonna try these carrot
sticks in the hummus I've never tried
that before but I like hummus because
it's like it's like a hearty snack you
know it really it kind of fills you up
when you can make it yeah now suggester
it's actually is not bad I don't like I
don't like rock carrots but I like them
with the hummus
turn with the hummus babe just try it
she makes up her mind before she tries
that's not fair
beany well I ain't got a beans that
would make sense and I don't like them
alright we're going through birthday
cards with Ollie Ollie have a story for
you in this one once upon a time there
were two no don't take that no don't
take that once upon a time there were
two very in love married octopuses named
Missy and Brian that's Missy's octopus
and that's my octopus who wished and
waited for the family to grow on July
27th it did when an awesome baby octopus
named ollie joined the family good oh
he's so cute
heap heap is your ein hawd rege iNDOT
Ben sheesh uh Jessica dared Matt J east
Verger dog we got a card from Ellie and
Jared it's a birthday card but it's a
thank-you card because they were ready
picking cards from Auntie Ellie and
uncle Jared BFF Jax oh this is pretty
singing cool it's called tis best and
it's a card and they wrote this really
nice note and then it included a ten
dollar charity card so we can go on tis
best calm and then just donate ten bucks
to whatever charity we want cool that's
so awesome
Oliver from Australia oh we just got
done opening all these cars thank you
all so much once again for sending cards
Plus everyone who sent us up there we
have to figure out how we're gonna hang
up all these but I'm really excited so
thank you guys so much but I did want to
mention this one I I read um Brittany
and she just wrote like a cute little
cards has a cute little note in there um
but it's so cute because she's not a
dollar with it and apparently in their
family they give the kids a dollar for
every year that they are turning so she
kind of wanted to start the tradition
with all of it because she feels that
Oliver is part of her family or that we
are part of her family and so she was
like I'm gonna give him a dollar cuz
he's turning one uh-huh so next year we
have to give him two dollars yeah and
thank you Sasha we're doing an old Navy
gift card yeah
okay it says oli it with an exclamation
mark as though oli
not for you Brian Brian say Thank You
Bobby so Bert you dick go thank you
there you go that's how he says thank
you I just got all the way to bed
thank you Jesus 110 degrees outside and
I cannot even tell you how excited I am
to go swimming I actually have not swam
during the daytime without Oliver one
side Hey and as much as I love swimming
with Oliver I can't wait to just sit in
this cool on a floaty and not think
about a baby and soak in some sun rays
and maybe even get a little tan on this
very very white skin look at this hottie
with a body right here straight chillin
summertime she's got her apple juice and
his shades on really comfortable babe
two of these don't know where you're
going yeah we do need ooh those huh I'm
sipping on sweet tea what I get the
alligator doesn't seem quite fair wow it
feels so good
how is it possible how is this our life
doing what to do will
I left this kit alone for about 30
seconds well um he was eating and this
is what he did you've got it everywhere
he's got in his hair got it
everywhere everywhere how did you do
that
goodness and he just threw it down here
so nice one now we gotta get y'all
cleaned up he's so silly okay you guys
so five seconds of summer
just released this album and there's a
lot of good songs on it I was not
expecting to actually like it but I
really liked it
lots of 5 seconds of summer for us this
summer oli loves their music you like
dances too it's so freaking funny I'm
actually just head to the grocery store
which we need three things for dinner so
I'm just making a quick trip to the
grocery store rocking out something like
that so wet hi guys we now have all
these cards and these cards these are
all the cards we basically got just
today crazy I have a few morning hang-up
- you are such a bitch oh my goodness oh
my goodness hey hey you want to play
something you're so dramatic it is still
107 degrees out here is that crazy
I am preheating the grill because we are
growing tonight check this out
YUM Missy just went upstairs to put oli
to bed parents can I get an amen this is
a reoccurring theme in our house toys
everywhere Chris Pirillo and colon will
have this to look forward to oh man but
it's fun because you can just like grab
whatever toy wands and walk around and
then he loses interest in a head so yes
you are my friend
yes well to me we are just acquaintances
it's the end of the night it's the
end of the vlog we ate dinner and we're
happy and we're gonna do some stuff we
have been video chatting with Jared and
Ellie like usual I'm actually working on
the TV mount so we can mount the TV cuz
we're gonna have something coming
tomorrow to replace this thing so we can
have it up higher and all he won't
attack it all the time
Missy's got a project she's working on
someone sent me jamberry nail's a very
long time ago forever ago like over a
year ago and I swear all it was but I
didn't have time to put them on anyways
I got them they say it's a boy haha
sanitarium try them out and if I like
them then I'm probably gonna get some
okay i'm gonna end today's vlog thank
you for watching I can't believe it's
just getting so close to Oliver's
birthday it's insane I look at all these
cards and I'm like no no not happening
anyway I think I just watching get the
vlog of big old fat thumbs up do with
your toe and then let me know in the
comments if you were able to do it if
you're able to hit the thumbs up with
the toe thanks for watching we'll see
you guys tomorrow bye bye grandma funny
fact me and Bryan were both makers when
we were younger
oh yeah I like light sauce so really do
my house light dings this thick caramel
not like a waffle
whoa-oh oh my gosh writing well crap you
guys
guys grads on it so I think was
immaculate
