you ill ill ill there's a bug in the
kitchen of the children grows Brian get
it get it get it yeah it's so scary
ah that's a donkey now oh okay you Carm
is all freaking out he's like could I do
something can I get it for you what
could I do this is our son baby this is
a boy say something new amazing things
it's gets in gravy time biscuits engrave
a time bone we having some biscuits and
gravy today we had some leftover
biscuits so I threw together some good
old sausage gravy got the blog upload
the vlog is up ladies and gentlemen go
watch it just kidding you watched it
yesterday didn't you did you watch a
series log it was quite hilarious I
still feel bad for the GoPro being dead
um did you see I got like four seconds
of footage pretty much failed
it's a heads up for all our new viewers
this is not cookies with gravy on them
biscuits here in America are like bread
kind of like live like toast yeah this
is like bread with sausage gravy on it
and it's like the best thing you can
ever eat in the morning
good good so I did something stupid this
morning you want to know what it is
I used this bathroom this is the
downstairs bathroom and hello somehow
the door got locked and it shut because
I cannot get in
is anything in there karma something
could have ran in after me and locked
myself in there yeah feel pretty stupid
this morning but we have a problem
ladies and gentlemen as you heard I was
just talking about how I walk this door
right I kind of heard him talking about
it
I was upstairs and I just remembered all
of always swim shorts are inside of that
door and we're about to head to some
class so I don't know what we're gonna
do
he is such a brat that really sucks it's
swim day we got Oliver some new swim
trunks since I locked his in the
bathroom but these actually put them a
lot better too with a little cars trucks
yeah thank you because he's a hunk of
burnin love love we are hitting up the
Walmart cool aisle there's so many
goodies look at these you guys little
fishies they swim dive flip motorized
little water pets do think we should get
one of these I mean look at the
clownfish named Lucky
this is loved and revered I sure AM
holes holding on take it just float in
her pool they're asexual rubber duckies
yours remember how Missy was telling you
guys that you spoil us well it's still
true where you just got back from the
p.o box been opening tons of letters and
cards crazy cool stuff with this a
little cozy coupe oh my gosh that's
adorable people y'all way too nice to us
you guys Freyja actually sent Missy a
ton of Hugo's that's cute babe go check
out her icy shop Freya bows and then
Maggie goddess is huge book of dr. Seuss
stories an awesome card and a Sheriff
Woody sure that actually has a cape on
the back too so it's pretty adorable
thank you we got our cards collection
coming yeah we got a ton of cards coming
in today
so Haley McDonald who's been
very long time subscriber and she's
awesome made this card look at that oli
happy happy first birthday it's adorable
and she also sent this shirt which is
pretty genius I am one looks so cute
and look at this box you guys it's Peppa
Pig holy cow Stephanie you spoiled that
it's just full present oh my gosh you
just unwrapped this cheerful here's what
it here's the onesie for all eight so
cute they're all this nice shirt also
it's hmm super super sog oh setting you
cookies
these are Milka XL cookies what is this
from is this from Germany no that didn't
open bitch skok away I don't know but
little chocolate biscuits
I'll eat up some shots Oh little flowers
are for always you wanted stuff oh cool
oh that's so much stuff right now you
guys are way too way too nice but like I
said um please send us birthday cards
because we will totally be you know like
displaying them on his birthday and you
know putting them somewhere cool so
people can see all the people saying
happy birthday to Olli on his birthday
it's gonna be awesome
birthday cards and if you want to send a
present just find somewhere like in your
town that you can like give it to so
someone else can get something nice cuz
he has plenty of stuff he is spoiled
love birthday cards are nice I'm
actually debating not getting him a
birthday present because I'm like this
kid is so spoiled like he's gonna get so
much stuff and if I do get him a
birthday present it's gonna be like
after we get all this presents like from
his family so that I can like decide
what he actually needs now because I
feel like he's gonna get set up on
clothes and toys and everything else so
yeah his mom isn't even going to get him
a present
alright Missy just sanitize this cool
little flower toy for Olli and he's
awake go say hey
Holle bear what'd you do man hey oh he
sees this he's like what you got there
turn that off
what is that then a new toy
I'll set right there come on ooh new toy
pretty cool huh
you got it no I think I'm right about an
cookin uh yeah it looks a little crooked
babe oh it's coming it's going up it's a
boy huh yeah we got this pineapple thing
and it does that I get wasted a lot to
like in the middle hey yeah maybe it
didn't go down far enough that's what I
just put in a mess what are you doing
cousin trouble hanging out with your
brother karma hey karma you jumped into
the camera Missy's mom to the rescue she
brought a little too old to see if we
can open this
I went poop in there right before I
locked it so it might stink
this is an ice cube that says a hashtag
drink up this one says chill hashtag
chillin that's so cool you can't I
thought you're gonna be able to see a
little better
hashtag chillin barely all right you
guys Ali's Papa put this whole car
together this is his little cozy coupe
very good help that here help you yeah
okay so we show him how to get it hey
open I'm gonna open the door Hayden get
in he's so smart he already knows it's
like yes there you go good job you shut
the door okay wait maybe he didn't start
it here just turn the key there you go
oh you're falling through the hole
oh you're falling through the hole you
need to put your butt in the seat pull
yourself up hey he only wants to chew on
the horn currently so we'll just push
him around
ah yeah we just had dinner at a BJ's and
now we're washing it down with these bad
boys you gotta get the pizookie when you
go to BJ's you guys we had a dinner plan
but I just did not want to cook tonight
and some of you have done the PJs
Ollie ate his shoe and he said that it
was very good they're so little too I
could like put them in my pocket would
that be amazing
uzuki in your pocket given only a bath
well I tracked my phone so I totally
left my phone at Target I'm pretty
bummed about it because to me it looks
like the phone might be moving so
someone has it and the weight might like
all of our devices are set up is that I
can remotely lock it so the
automatically won't be able to unlock it
and then I send a message to it saying
like please call this number which is
Brian's number and that this phone is
lost and I'm on my way and blah blah
like someone be really stupid to take it
and like leave because one I can
literally track it to their house and be
like hey you took my phone though it's
just kind of weird I I'm sure they're
just gonna look at me like oh I should
give this person a call or I should give
this the target oli someone's time for
bed alright so I'm at Target looking for
mrs. phone she thinks that maybe in a
cart
I'm tracking with the Find My iPhone app
so hopefully I can find it can all these
parts just tried playing a sound on it
and it said that it had no internet so
it's not a good thing I'm gonna go where
they actually keep all the cards and see
if it's there but I'm tracking it has it
moved
unless someone turned it off I don't
know if that works but actually a sent a
message with my phone number and they're
able to like call it right on the phone
and get it to me so I found it so yeah
that was actually pretty cool yeah I
think the lady called me and she's like
uh your phone's at Target I'm at aisle
six so I was like thank God
pretty sure I just saved the day and you
owe me just end up putting always dead
and Brandi's got home thanks Brian so
where was it texting six but that were
we checked out
yes I remember sending it down because I
changed all I like immediately I didn't
even go to the check
did you set it down no I didn't do
anything with it okay that is weird I
think someone left it there hey karma
you ready for bed this day has been like
the longest day ever
Brian's exhausted too you tie Brent what
are you tired no good I suppose um
anyways meaning some pineapple this
stuff is so good all over it doesn't
look putting all his blanket on him
cuddly with all a blanky anyways we're
gonna go ahead and end the vlog we're
exhausted I'm guys enjoyed today's vlog
give it a thumbs up if you did I just
did a really late citrus lighting video
on my channel so go check that out if
you want to see what I opened up this
month I got a couple really cool things
anyway see you guys tomorrow oh okay bye
all right I just got back from our first
little excursion and we're so bummed
because the GoPro is dead I don't know
we took it out through mud I got a
couple shots but that was it it's gone
so with this so there's some really cool
stuff we saw some sharks and obviously
lots of fish so I don't even think we
got any of that on the video but there
they are out there and see if I can find
them
