good morning guys brian is right now
downstairs of feeding Oliver and I am
catching up on some me time you guys
know that I am obsessed with Pretty
Little Liars and I used to love watching
Laguna Beach on MTV so it's no surprise
that I am completely obsessed with
summer break on YouTube I started
watching this like a week ago and I
basically finished them all in like two
sittings no joke this is actually season
two of summer break and it's an all new
cast you can follow them all on Twitter
and Instagram to see what they're doing
real time which i think is a really cool
added effect to the show they air new
episodes every Tuesday Thursday and
Sunday so click the link on the screen
or the link in the description to get
your summer break fixed right now and
now I'm going to go watch season 1 right
now like actually right now all of them
baby boy is gonna do amazing things
good morning guys Ali and I are eating
some breakfast they both have cereal
look at how cute this is this is my bowl
cereal this is his little teeny blue
cereal you want a bite
um so he's eating this like Kashi cereal
there's some organic whole milk for him
and we're just trying this as a
breakfast option he seems to like it a
lot and then I put these uh so he simply
balanced raisins he seems to like these
good stuff huh kid I just think it's so
crazy like once a baby turns one how
many how much more food they can
actually like eat you know what I mean
all your birthday's in six days you know
that six days
you can't vlog no that's daddy's job he
does like holding the spoon lately
doesn't do anything with it though he's
like I know what that does this little
nut mustache he's got grabbed it I know
it's slippery there you go yeah he's got
it done eating
maybe you'll eat it oh well that's not
very nice a mister cereal
we are you drinking the milk kid like
this gets crazy like see their moves
actually pretty good that's for me do
you eat it go ahead there you go good
job buddy yeah you're suck big smart
it's kid oh my gosh I love you buddy
I am alive after some major YouTube
binge watching of a summer break I will
admit
actually really do like that show and so
I was really excited when summer break
actually asked us to talk about it go
check this out Bryan is in charge of
Olli so it always consists of a
ridiculously messy living room when
after I get up later so even this is
like flipped over like everything is
torn apart always grabbed it every
single like tin thing that you can get
um so that's just pretty funny I don't
really mind it like I don't mind having
a little bit of a messy house with toys
everywhere because at the end of the day
I just clean it up and it's all put away
and it's good and I think that there's a
difference between messy and dirty and
my house isn't dirty it's messy
sometimes because I have a baby so I'm
okay with it but I think it's fun to
have a house full of toys everywhere so
that your child is fully entertained
gotta clean up we got to film today and
get stuff done karma actually spent the
night with my sister last night cuz she
has been missing him so so so much like
she just she I think that she is
honestly more sad about it than she even
lets on she was she came over and she
was like I really miss karma can he
spend the night I was like all right go
ahead
so car was actually with Cassie right
now having a sleepover so we're about to
leave and I just did the classic where's
my glasses and then came in here and
found out that they are actually on my
shirt that happens way too often you
guys all right we are headed to go do
some errands little fun fact about
myself my birthday is on January 20th
which means
day July 21st is my half birthday
halfway there mess you get me half the
present yes so we are in some burritos
to celebrate
it's so sad now that we live farther
away from free birds
we can't come here as often but it's
actually probably a good thing also we
got all these like oh yeah I'm glad
we are at Party City Missy's looking at
some platters and we're just getting
some stuff for Ali's big day can you
believe we're planning this now babe
one-years-old they always say it goes by
super fast but like that's just
ridiculous
and there's so many different things to
choose from you guys look at that big
platter this one can have all the fruit
cool look easy oh my mom actually just
dropped him off in the backyard so he's
been waiting for us to get home huh huh
did you have fun with Cassie
I literally just let him in a nice back
and we're go swimming oh hey you ready
Perry nap
talk to me nap time for him okay yeah
I'm ready for my nap too I am working on
a little prop type cake for the locals
vlogging episode that we're doing so
I've got this one here and then I've got
a little tiny one in here cooking as
well and then I actually took this
opportunity because I believe I'm going
to be making some ice tea ice cream
cupcake cone type 8 desserts for
Oliver's birthday so I cut holes in this
thing I'm not like in love with how this
looks but I plan to take these out
hopefully they'll stand up he's actually
Nappi such a good little boy hey guys
you know how it's my half birthday and
you love me and you didn't get me
anything but I forgive you because I'm a
nice guy well I have got a chance for
you to make up for it there's a link
below in the description and it says
nominate for a Streamy award click it it
will take you to this website where we
were are up for a nomination right now
for the 4th annual Streamy Awards and
all you got to do it's all filled out
all you got to do is click that big red
button and basically what this does is
they're going to take the top 5 channels
or shows in that category the kids and
family channel and the ones who have the
most votes they're actually going to go
up for voting for that category kids and
family so this is just voting to be
nominated and then when you're nominated
you can actually be voted to win but I
just think how cool it would be if we
were actually nominated like it would be
insane I got
got a notification this morning saying
that people were nominating me and I was
like wait what I was like that is so
cool so if you guys like what we're
doing and you support us please click
that link below in the description and
vote for us it would just mean the world
to me and you can make it up to make
sure I get anything from a half birthday
so pretty much I'm just like throw me a
bone here all right looks like brian is
getting ollie up and I'm just finished
up my cake I've got my two pieces on
here and I'm going to start frosting it
now debating if I can find a good recipe
that's like sugar-free and or not like
sugar-free but like low sugar and you
know kind of a healthy recipe I might
just make Oliver his cake for his
birthday
sounds kind of interesting to me so
we'll see how this one turns out okay
you guys so here's a little sneak peek
at what you can expect at next week's
look who's vlogging episode you haven't
seen this week's it's linked below you
guys should check it out but next week's
gets a little messy Holly well it's all
over you you got karma cleaning up and
helping you Oh someone needs a DAT H
good job clean enough cake oh that fun
yeah it was you are one filthy baby look
what I got for karma karma you want this
big old bone you want this big you got
to eat it out here okay it's not allowed
on the house he's trying to throw them a
bone Hey
hey what you doing are you making faces
there is Oh Holly are you okay hi hmm
he get okay oh my gosh it's like you d
do it what happened
haha I was pretty cool huh watching
Missy put Allie to bed she's been trying
for a while now
oh no he fall asleep in our arms and
then as soon as she tries he gets all
fussy I believe you can do this yes yes
look at it look at that look she's like
oh hey he's still Missy do the happy
dance you did it
babies look so cool you look like little
ice cream don't know melting you are
going to slip it back in but is oh my
face yeah on my face where you got kind
of wanted to look like this I wanted to
kind of be like an ice cream cone and
then have like a couple little like
things that decorate it to make it look
more tropically yeah you should let me
know what you think I should serve for
his birthday give me some ideas hi guys
we were by the PIO box again today and I
was really like thrown off because we
didn't get any cards it was all just
packages like big packages well it turns
out our p.o box now is putting all of
our cards into these like four huge
things this is bull cards just one right
here oh oh my god
I hate it this is insane crazy I was
like why are people sending us packages
I know it turns out they're all just
cards this one's from Japan look how
cool it is
oh wow whoa look at this garlic what is
that oh hey that's so cool babe I bet
you this thing like sits up oh good they
gave us directions do this you guys
someone sent us a Disney pen it's Belle
this is amazing you guys a gift in your
honor Samaritan's Purse a gift was given
an honor of oliver landing by cynthia to
be used for Operation Christmas Child
musical toy lands for suffering children
they're like these cute little stuffed
toy lambs that play Jesus loves me too
sick disabled and traumatized children
who received gift filled shoe boxes
throughout our Operation Christmas Child
project that's amazing little miss their
little man got a dance got a sing these
are the coolest cars ever we got
something epic here you guys look at
this what is that what is this that is a
lot of grandma's cookies yo he just went
through almost 50 new birthday cards
like 60 over 60 letters like that's
crazy but they're all so sweet oh my
gosh yes yeah we have to hang them all
we have to figure problem we'll get it
hang them all now but it is so cool
because a lot of the cards mentioned how
like we've grown more than just a
youtube channel like we've grown like
this family like like everyone just
feels so connected and like a part of
this you know and I think that's just
like it's really cool to hear that we
we've done something like that so
totally just like I feel so blessed my
heart
feels really full after going through
all that basically is just really really
cool but anyway I'm gonna go ahead and
end today's vlog hope you guys enjoyed
it give it a thumbs up if you did and
we'll see you tomorrow it's getting
closer to the big day you guys all over
his first birthday that's crazy
all right we'll see you tomorrow bye
hello hello don't touch me cry it's so
cute I'm dying over it
holy do you like stunts no and it could
be like that one show fast and furious
oh yeah what do you think of that he's
like so chilling it to it so funny oh
gosh
