no doubt 11 months old and already an
Apple fan son baby boy he's gonna do
amazing things
good morning guys I'm watching Ollie
go through boxes of toys so many thanks
guy on it what's anyway all he's playing
with toys I'm watching him right now we
have a pretty good plan this morning I'm
gonna watch Oliver while Missy's getting
ready for the day and then she's gonna
put all over down for a nap and while
she's doing that I'm gonna get ready for
the day and then when Oliver sleeping
first night we're gonna get some videos
done so we got a couple videos to shoot
for Missy's channel and then a bunch
other stuff to do oh you climb in this
look at this awesome barstool we got
yesterday we got two of them for the
counter and we put this all together
turns out this is the wrong height for
the counter so we need to get a counter
height stool this one's just a little
too tall so we're gonna we have to take
these back and look for some other ones
counter stools are hard to find though
but she's a little bummed too because
these match like her theme really well
and they were on sale and they're really
nice so we'll find some other ones well
he just gets in everything earlier today
he was crawling in his car seat
you remember all the fun times we had in
that thing we got all these old baby
toys that we got to put in storage or
something cuz the only outgrew them all
so I saw him this morning and I was like
did you did you grow up in your sleep I
swear I think you've gotta grow up in a
sleep go back to the computer ok ok
let's be careful oh I can't get in the
cupboard huh could it be so frustrated
child locks of working yo you're locked
out good morning guys I'm currently in
the downstairs bathroom which is kind of
dark but tight I guess I'm doing a
nautical theme in here so I've actually
have like this little cubby which is
kind of a mess right now and it I have I
have this hanging and then all of our
bangs do to up here because my parents
and my whole family are like we're just
leaving your bathing suit here because
we're not planning on swimming anywhere
else so we may as well just keep it here
so like all right go for it I've got a
nice little cubby so I'm doing like a
kind of nautical theme using a lot of
stuff from all over it's old bedroom
like these things and actually got a
whole box at my mom and dad's house that
I still want to grab and maybe decorate
a little bit more but I'm getting ready
to do a video so that's why my hair is
all curled and I'm wearing this cute
little blue dress doing a kitchen tour
um and kind of going to show you guys
everything that in um in the kitchen and
I'm really excited about it so I thought
I should wear a dress because now I look
like a housewife and I can like show
them my kitchen are you gonna wear that
dress today no probably not
it's video awesome no it's really nice
for this I can't nurse in it very well
so I just wear for like little things
and I don't usually wear it all day I
just finished filming Missy's kitchen
tour and I am starving
I think I'm gonna make me some pot
stickers and I got this amazing so I
think I've talked about this before but
this light is killing me I got this
general tso sauce they sell us that
Winco and it's like the only like
general tso sauce that actually tastes
like general sauce other general sauce
it just tastes like way too sweet like
barbecuing and that's not what it's
supposed to be like so I love cooking
these up and then throw in the sauce on
them Bali's oh oh I gotta go get him
I heard a baby was awake and he's ready
to get up hey what is that weight that
you like that hey all right let's get
you dressed
I got to get head and dressed and I'm
actually going to go to Papa and Mimi's
and we're gonna do a little bit of
filming we're getting lots of stuff done
today which is always nice it feels good
when you get your work done that you
need to get done what should you wear
Oliver ooh if we wear our pink today all
eight you want to wear some pink my god
geez mom hey hey oh you're doing that
wrong you know me help you out here
all he's eating lunch with daddy I got
pot stickers he's got butternut squash
carrot and chickpea wood and I can I did
this on my night off oh you are pretty
look at him I in my pasta dinners on
some food
oh don't get over your shirt mommy
dressed you there you go
I was just taking out the trash you guys
and look who I see it's a lizard we got
lizards out here hey buddy hey where you
going where'd you go I think you guys
scared them away
sorry lizard pretty cool up lizards are
kind of just like a common thing that
you see in California better that than
mice I guess cars like that is mine good
job ollie karma get the ball to ollie
drop it can't drop it
drop it right there drop it go boy right
give it to karma Oh curly I messed mine
aah thinking karma car was like throw
for me oh not you
is that Karma's
he pretty much just gives it hahahaha
car you it'd be gentler Carmen puts the
ball down at all.i grabs it and all I
just handed back to car I'm so funny
karma dump it drop it for Olly go give
it to Olli drop it
jump it drop the ball I'm get a dolly
get the ball
and oh good job Baby you want these toys
there you go
oops we are headed to Mimi and Papa's
and we're gonna do a lemon filming
opportunity is it is so hot today
actually right now it's dead this 94 but
it feels like it's like a hundred right
like I'm like I've been sweating at
really sweating job so it's really
really seeing it hot that's why we got a
pool and I'm back yet
so we gotta get some stuff done we got
to do some filming and then we're
jumping in that pool later I'll tell you
that for sure all he's got his dick we
got here and he literally went straight
for the stick about the door and you
just like started walking around with it
Holly
did you miss your stick it's like I got
it I got it really need to get him one
of those sticks with the horse at the
end because he's obsessed with sticks
like it's not even funny I know you guys
missed our garden and so the other day
my mom and dad picked off a huge kook
cucumber and they cut it up and it's
really really nice and look at this they
raised it all red tomatoes look how cute
they are
I have no idea when a tomato is done so
maybe it's done I have no idea but look
at all these other I got like four here
couple there some here and then we've
got even big old corns down here six
that's enough for the whole family to
eat them Howie it hurts
oh you ever see seeing a big old green
squash
good and nothing like attack me I have
like things in my hand so we left karma
Mimi and Papa's because I think they're
gonna come over and go swimming anyway
and we actually have to run into tarjay
knows how that's pronounced right really
no yeah tarjay forget tarjay it's it's
actually target time or it could be or
it could be target target target poor
game it's the greatest toy I'll ever you
guys this is that brand it's called bee
bee if you're watching this please
sponsor us cuz you make some dope toys
everything that how just looks awesome
yeah oh baby we got those keys or we can
get them a cell phone didn't kill like
any of those this is cool too because
it's like wooden and it's like tactile
you know all I get mini I just fed Olly
and he sat down in his seat and I didn't
know it but there were blueberries
everywhere and this is what it his
outfit that he wore and not not only do
I not have a washing machine to wash
this so that we can film it tomorrow
because we have to film it tomorrow but
their blueberries and it kind of think
we berry stain so I'm a little bit
worried right now okay I guess I'm just
going to try and like wash it in the
sink and then like hang it up outside
but yeah so look at this
oh but this is the outfit that we wear
that has to wear tomorrow yeah so I'm
gonna try and like wash it it might be
okay cuz it's on the butt but yeah I'm
gonna have to watch it that didn't work
out so well
come on let's go take it a bath get
ready for bed he was going up the stairs
like this watch oh yeah we are grilling
guys I got the grill going chicken about
to be thrown on but we got some little
potato skins that are all seasoned nice
and we're doing corn on the grill I've
never done corn on the grill so
apparently you we soaked it for like 15
minutes and then you take the husk off
butter it salt it and then put the
husband and then cook it on the grill
and I have to tell if you guys it smells
amazing he paid about you're supposed to
be sitting down huh um so I wanted to
mention to you guys always birthday is
coming up and so we're actually starting
to get a lot of gifts and a lot of
people um you know getting him things
for his birthday and I just wanted to
you know let you guys remind you guys
that we would really prefer no gifts for
him because he's got a lot of stuff
already he's got a lot of aunts uncles
and everyone who are actually already
giving him a lot of gifts so if you want
to send him something we would love a
card um so in the link there actually is
a p.o box address that you can send a
card to um and it's the same as our last
one hasn't changed or anything so please
send a card we really really would
prefer um no gifts he's very very
spoiled boy as you guys can see I know
that you guys just love giving us things
and it is we are so so thankful for
everyone who does it is the sweetest
thing in the world I can't even tell you
but there are a lot of kids out there
that are totally needy of gifts ins toys
and so we would love if you guys could
donate in his name if anything you know
give a child in need a little toy or
something that would be
so much more preferred and obviously a
car we would love to like make a little
wall of birthday cards for Ali's first
birthday we feel like that would be such
a cool little idea something total
keepsake for him you tired
good I think your batteries are okay
good good good crop my corn just catch
on fire I catches on fire a little bit
but that's okay I got chicken on there
corns probably about done
potatoes are probably about done just
waiting on chicken rocking a : and Katie
koozie they call these koozies in
Alabama shout-out to Colin and Katie for
my kuzey every time we get out of the
bath they go all done you like just
outta here like Peppa okay did you hear
that oh I keep missing it I've done add
that oh yes at that other is so cute
alright babe what's the verdict in that
corn amazing it literally came out
amazing you guys got a little smoky
flavor it's super tender like I've never
had corn like this of you good yeah it's
so good this entire meal was cooked on
that grill I'm making a little s'more
dessert I actually got this from Byron
Talbott as you melt chocolate and you
just put them in like evident like a
little panic took a little layer
chocolate and then you put marshmallows
on top of it a little bit of Martha on
top and then you put it in the oven for
5 minutes at 500 degrees and then I
supposed to be golden brown all right
Missy just pulled this bad boy out of
the oven since that chocolate
marshmallow graham cracker
oh god I forgot my little depth like the
best thing you've ever made
mm-hmm that's what it looks like mmm
does dope babe we just enough spending
most of our night in the hot tub is
actually really nice and relaxing oh my
gosh I just have to say thank you guys
so much
yesterday's video has almost 10,000
likes on it okay
that was video where I basically filmed
myself reacting to a hundred thousand
subscribers which by the way was totally
real so that's amazing
but not only do we have 10,000 likes on
that but we've gotten almost a thousand
new subscribers since yesterday that's
insane
oh my gosh like this whole just like
ride is amazing I'm just so blessed and
thankful for you guys every single day
that we get to do this you know what I
mean so we'd only have some fun things
coming up summertime would be some
crossing off some things on my bucket
list plus by the way I told you guys
when we hit a hundred thousand
subscribers that missing area are gonna
go up in a hot air balloon so I
definitely need to start raging that I'm
gonna go ahead and end the vlog here I
hope you guys enjoyed it click thumbs up
if you did if this is the very first
video you guys are seeing of us
subscribe cuz we're just a young family
and we put out a video every single day
keeping it real y'all thug life let it
eat how do you do it
teeth out thank you guys for watching
we'll see you tomorrow bye oh my god for
real
misae oh my god come here I found it
it's suit
