good morning guys Ali were you doing mom
I got you in your little playpen what's
she doing work come on e this is our son
baby
whoa he's gonna do amazing things last
night we were so close till a hundred
thousand subscribers let's see where
it's at twitter my twitter is blowing up
video manager my channel says it's 18
away but wait oh my god
for real
misae oh my god come here
I found it it's sir a hundred thousand a
hundred thousand and eight teen you guys
we know how to dominate 80 subscribers
oh my god it's not amazing oh my god
I've been like I've been checking like
the channel the channel page is not
updated it says that we need 18 more
people but when I go to the creator
studio this is it oh look an odds a
hundred thousand and twenty so like
shaking a little bit
for real a hundred thousand a hundred
thousand I can't believe it this is
crazy you guys a hundred thousand 22 you
guys it just keeps growing do you
realize what this means it means you two
is gonna send us a silver play button
like frame oh my gosh buddy why aren't
you like sign a penis he has no idea
what's going on you think I'm just gonna
play with my ball karma we have a hot
dogs subscribers today are you freaking
out are you freaking out karma are you
freaking out are you freaking out karma
a hundred thousand people watch us can
you believe that
can you believe that like I don't care
all I care about my frisbee a hundred
thousand subscribers this is huge in the
future you're gonna look back on this
video you're gonna be like why did I
care
why didn't I scream and shout and
exclaim this is a big deal holy cow you
guys you were like a little over two
hundred I think yesterday away from
hitting a hundred thousand subscribers
and now I'm just gonna refresh again
just for fun now we're at a hundred
thousand 25 I don't know it's just very
very very cool this is a very
big deal when you are a youtuber people
work years to get to this level Missy
and we've did it in less than two years
it's pretty cool I think the main thing
is like persistence and hard work just
it all pays off you know no totally like
I feel like I put like my heart and my
blood and my soul and everything into
this channel and now it's like paying
off there's like oh like people go to
the channel they see there's a hundred
over a hundred thousand people subscribe
to it I can't even imagine like that
many people so
that's like 20 times the amount in our
our hometown I mean you get you reach
that number but you never really can
comprehend how many people that really
is or have what that number really means
you know yeah Wow oh my gosh thank you
guys so much and you guys if you're a
part of that a hundred thousand right
now click the thumbs up button cuz that
means we'll get a hundred thousand likes
right well close okay close oh my gosh
this is like what are we gonna do how am
I gonna function today this is not real
life gosh every time I see it it's just
like that's there's like there's like
there's a lot of zeros before that comma
the thing is is that like missing I
started doing daily vlogs to not hit a
hundred thousand subscribers we were
doing it because she was pregnant we
wanted to like remember every single day
and now that Oliver is here we want to
remember every single day and it's just
like wrote into this amazing huge
supportive community and I just can't
even like fathom or like thank you guys
enough like it's just crazy
oh my god this is crazy you guys Wow
Suzanne can you believe we had a hard
thousand today yes I just put that on
the vlog all II thought it was funny too
going through tweets right now you guys
twitter has been blowing up with just
like craziness and congratulations and
happiness and i'm just like so still in
very much disbelief okay so I will admit
I went a little bit crazy I'm cooling
down now with some Gatorade and pasta
salad and I'm just trying to like Zen
out I'm starting at Missy's beautiful
vase of flowers actually really want
some lemonade down the flowers are
essentially drinking lemonade Missy
forget you Tom the good guys are beggars
and heavy think up this fellow eyes on
it I think this is the last time field
is the only how many of you this is a
pooper scooper no root blue yeah I pick
it up with my hands my whole my whole
life and I like this
yeah I'm just kidding I never did that
look at him back there picking up poop
Karma's like um get some over here oli
is taking never actually having a little
get-together today with my cousin
Jessica CJ Bailey and everyone probably
my parents are come over to and hang out
but it's kind of cool I love having like
little get-togethers I feel like them
we're actually really like social people
but we kind of never really had like a
place like have little get-togethers so
now we kind of have that and I feel like
we're gonna be doing it a lot for now on
but oh my gosh I cannot wait to show you
my kitchen I want to show you like every
little detail that I did but I'm just
kind of like waiting for like a couple
more things and I'm gonna try and get it
up on Wednesday bleah I can give like a
real detailed tour and show you like
everything that I purchased and where I
got it and stuff but I'm really proud of
it I feel like it's like one like I
don't know I'm just really excited about
my kitchen I guess I still just cannot
believe that we just reached a hundred
thousand subscribers so I was kind of
like thinking about it after Brian was
freaking out this morning like he was
told
freaking out but I was thinking about
like it's just I don't know it's just
such a weird number but I think that it
is just a number and what's more
important is that our vogs are
encouraging to people and that they're
inspiring people and I feel like you
know we're really really trying with
that I feel like we're finally like I
know we just have a dozen it's just it's
a cool number at all but it's the people
that watches that really matter and the
people that really count you know since
the very beginning you guys have always
been so supportive and awesome did you
go all yes cut all beaten anymore
anyways yeah you guys have just been
such awesome subscribers and have
supported us like crazy since like the
day we walked on the youtubes it's just
been like a complete crazy rollercoaster
all over you need to go back to bed why
are you awake over waking up Brian he's
up and he had a terrible nap huh yeah
I'm getting ready to decorate his room
I've got all this stuff out I'm gonna
start hanging things on the wall mostly
what's pushing me to do this is because
this is driving me crazy it's right now
just looking right into his crib and
these bars are in the way and I just
can't really see him I can see that he's
you know not moving or that he's asleep
but I can't really see you know how he's
sleeping his position you know stuff
like that I I'm gonna start decorating
and start start putting things up on the
wall ah god I got a cousin actually had
an extra patio dining set so he totally
let us have it cuz we're going to have a
table and six chairs outside which is
nice because we don't have a like a real
official dining table and so we're
probably gonna be eating outside a lot
it's freaking beautiful out there I'm
just so excited because the house is
like coming together slowly but surely
it's fun being able to like get what you
want and do what you want little
definitely cool because like the house
is sort of becoming a home for us you
know it's transforming from a house into
a home so I'm going to show you
basically looks exactly like the other
room just kind of moved around so um
there's his owl his little dream big
little one um there's this wall I
actually tried to hang this I'm not sure
exactly how I feel about it yet but I
think I'm gonna head there and then I
actually think I'm gonna put the shelves
over here and have his monitor look down
this way so um oh I'm getting a call
from Brian hello check it out guys we
have patio furniture
we got the sphere enjoy outdoor fans are
crazy but look what outside got a new
grill we actually Missy's dad was like
he knew we were looking for a grill and
he's like they're having to sell it
Lowe's today it was like 20% off really
great deal it's big and it's got a side
burner I'm just so excited to grill and
I've been blended together all day and
then we have like a dinner planned
that's not on the grill and I've told
Missy I was like we gotta go get
something to grill everything we're
gonna grill tonight and I just said that
up my mind you just get all the pulling
your wet oh you want me throw their ball
oh oh my gosh you guys my plate is
pretty much that did not last long did
it
no Missy and I had Chinese food I made
General Tso's chicken and I even put
some like green beans and I'm like fry
them up with the chicken and sauce and
stuff but anyway look who we're talking
to you guys look who's alive it's real
we're just trapped inside this cell
phone I can't get out you're on my
computer actually dragon you should have
a little bit more freedom yeah anyway
they are alive guys Kelsey and Corbin
have been daily vlogging for a while and
they're gonna put up a video explaining
what happened so go subscribe to their
channel so you can figure it out
alright guys I'm gonna go ahead and the
vlog it's late wait dinners home full
but it was so good
Connor you following me okay I don't
want to be alone
wow we hit a hundred thousand
subscribers today and I just want to say
we hit a hundred thousand subscribers
without promoting any videos running any
ads or like getting any like shoutouts
from like big youtubers hard work that's
all it takes you guys it's just so cool
to like see it paying off you know what
I mean so I'm definitely very very
appreciative for you guys in just this
opportunity to be able to change
people's live you know and to reach so
many people I think that's crazy
maybe we are cute let's say goodbye to
them I say goodbye to people's goodbye
like the video of you liked it go check
out the new merch it's linked below
thank you guys for watching we love you
I wish I could hug every single one of
you alright we'll see you tomorrow bye
hello buds hanging out alright did you
really take this off you he's trying to
take your shirt off do did he no I don't
think so
I just put this on him like before even
to bed like look ahead I'm proud of
himself
