good morning Oh kinda grab the camera
again good morning
hi whoa whoa good morning guys we are
having a little breakfast and he's using
his new little sippy cup and he always
takes a drink and then he throws it and
if he can't throw that he gets mad there
you go okay no don't know it up okay
because secretive um yeah very nice of
you this is our son baby boy he's gonna
do amazing things my mom is here funny I
was just talking to her about how we
pretty much hang out I think more now
because like before I would just be like
see you later mom and I leave for the
day or we'd be just hanging out in our
room and now I'm like come over so we
can hang out or if she's not here I'm
usually fixed timing or something we're
getting our pool fence in there has to
be a fence out there because when you
have a baby you just you can watch them
all you want but there's accidents
happen you know you're always watching
always but no matter what things happen
so we have number one like this door
dings any time it gets open so that's
like first safety is if you were to ever
open the door but he doesn't know closes
it also automatically closes which is
nice so if we leave the door open it'll
automatically shut but if all that fails
if we walk away from the room and the
doors open he slips out now there's a
pool fence to protect him and that
automatically closes as well so it
should always be closed and it's just
safety you know because even though he's
a swim and even if you were to
eventually be considered pool safe this
just you just never know with things
like this all right dude you want to get
down and drink some water and then get
done
oh no okay okay good morning hey guys
how's it going
guess what it's Friday finally I day is
a really good day for me because all of
Missy's videos are edited baby league is
edited and sent I just feel like I can
like actually relax so I normally get
like Friday Saturday Sunday to not
really worry about anything else other
than the daily and the daily is cool
because I've been doing it for so long
now like what 540 days something like
that that it kind of just comes natural
like to this morning I actually edited
the vlog in 30 minutes I started editing
at 9 o'clock I edited in 30 minutes and
it was done processing at like 1003 and
it went live I was like that's so
freaking cool that I like I have it done
pat like that it's just cool like a lot
of people always ask me how long does it
take you to edit the vlog and I feel
like I edit faster in the morning
definitely obviously because I have to
get it up and so I'm not distracted but
at night I just get so easily distracted
with like Twitter and and all that fun
internet stuff just making the bed
Brian's way this is how you make the
bread Brian's way boom Oh hate these
little feathers when all I came down
this morning he basically spotted this
thing which I put together last night
and he got so excited and he's obsessed
with it he basically just got down from
his um from his chair and he just hopped
right on it whoa he's like alright I'm
gonna get on didn't quite know how to
get on I have to like holding here there
you go oh okay no that's not I did it
there you go okay
can't do it yeah come over here come
here show me come here like I don't know
I'd actually move in it he's just so
cute on it though he's just like a
little boy I don't know what's going on
out there come on out there huh and
voila that is made it's a little lumpy
let's throw poop emoji up here so he can
just sit right there to greet Missy when
she walks in the door tonight alright
calm you wanna race downstairs gonna
race your noise on your mark get set go
he wins every time pack it out you guys
we are so happy we got a really really
nice pool fence it's actually show it's
like really clear and it shows up super
clear in the camera but it's like this
black mesh we basically sort of curved
it around there a little bit and curved
it around there a little bit we got a
gate right in the middle I guess the guy
who did it he just like he did a really
really good job we're really really
impressed so this is like a special type
of mesh it's not like a normal pool
fence mesh and it's got this Magna latch
which is just really cool it's basically
like a rare-earth magnet he said and it
sits right in there perfectly and you
just pull this up to open it and come in
here it's all wet now because that guy
is a swim time karma gives us enough
room over here so we can entertain and
enough room over here so people can walk
alongside the pool safely chairs and
grills set up and stuff so I just it
gives you big peace of mind you know to
have a pool fence up do all this kid
does anymore now used to stun his little
giraffe go go for right what he almost
has the hang of like how it works you
know yeah it's like two different things
though he's got a spear and he's got a
push yeah I actually seen him he'll just
like go like this and he'll start going
in like a circle it's really funny see
there you go and he might be just a tiny
bit too short because like he can only
get one foot down it's also a shorty -
yeah really short is a shorty what's the
North how tall is he
he's a little bit like he's eggs are
normal for a one-year-old two feet tall
he definitely is shorter than average
he's below average today I haven't
really tried very hard today I'm just
like screw it I'm not gonna do my makeup
I'm not gonna do my hair I'm just gonna
relax and chill out I didn't really do
my makeup or hair or anything beautiful
well thank you for that is how it's
supposed to be your husband is supposed
to love you no matter how you look and
that's all that really matters wait a
minute
well I'm just saying like what if you
were like cursed and you turned into
like a lizard human it might just all of
you then snow of course but what if you
don't have to love me for I look what if
you were not a human size cat but you
are a human size porcupine and I
couldn't touch you or hug you am I
supposed to love you of course even then
Brian this is madness
Brian you to love me no matter what no
matter how I look I'm just gonna take a
second to talk about my obsession with
milk okay so first of all I thought we
get 1% no can I get whole milk no ice
drink whole milk when I was a kid me too
remember I'm supposed to 2% I was so mad
but now I could never have whole it's
not the milk went really fast at the
other house because there was lots of
people apparently it's just me we go
through how much milk we keep only two
gallons a week no no no it's like three
Brian I drink like three gallons of milk
a week I love milk I'm obsessed with it
I drink like I drink big cups bowls like
every single day all day long
so I realize now it wasn't really the
entire family yes it was me he's got all
the cold stuff he kind of likes it it
was keeping him quiet that's cool let
her hold her I got for my office yeah
our bills in it sounds pretty cool well
guys it was bound to happen sooner or
later
my poor phone is cracked isn't a sad so
sad and actually like to the point where
like when I put my finger on it like I
can feel the glass I feel like it's
gonna cut my finger yeah honestly it was
bound to happen I told you just hold out
and do oh I'm literally online right now
looking at a new battery case for every
guy I know it was so funny because that
I broke it and I was like sitting
outside and then Brian texting is like
hey I'm gonna get you a new iPhone case
tell me which ones you which one you
want I'm like yeah I'm gonna need one of
those probably get the glass replaced
but that's still gonna cost Mikey I will
say that I've broken like every single
cell phone I've ever had but the iPhone
is the only one that has hold held like
actually worked for as long as I needed
it to iPhones always last the longest
and even though I've dropped this thing
a bazillion times it's just now cracked
but I can still use it it still works
it's still like perfectly usable phone
would you like me to fan you you little
king you need a personal banner look at
his arm we're getting dinner all ready
to cook on the grill we got some green
beans and some steak all seasoned up oh
now you got some wipes thank you for
bringing these to Daddy check out all
these dinner
he's trying raisins for the first time
and he seems to like raisins are you
like yeah so we're in green beans and
chicken and raisins oh I guess we're not
eating the green beans huh here we go
I'm gonna go check on the grill Missy is
putting oli to bed and I've got steak
and green beans on the grill I think
green beans on the grill are quite
possibly my favorite because they're so
crispy but they're good you basically
have to like marinate them so to say I'm
like olive oil and spices and stuff and
so that's sort of what I did so funny
whenever I turn the water on he goes
warning like he's scared out of his mind
granted the thing is very loud I'm gonna
turn it on right now and see what he
thinks
look at this you guys we got a mourning
dove out here carp must watch it
like a pretty sure this is that mourning
dove should not be drinking water out of
our pool cars freaking out soon I just
killed that dinner yo and then she had
to run back in and pull off back to bed
because he was just not happy
karma is freaking out now he's like
there's a bird the bird I thought he's a
bird let it go
whoop catch got Olly the bed we're
getting ready for bed we made cookies on
the shells they taste so good Wow
yeah they're a fly I think because we
don't have a mixer and so we're doing it
with our hand and before we were using a
mixer which I think just like put more
air in it and made it more fluffy um I'm
gonna go ahead and end the vlog I hope
you guys enjoyed it give it a thumbs up
if you did if you have it go check out
my channel I was video up talking all
about all these birthday next week which
I'm really excited about who hasn't been
bought and we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye
it's lunch what should I have for lunch
guys
you've got lunch meat at that last night
waffles
Pizza bun nuggets yeah
