hey guys so Oliver is awake but I'm
gonna play a little trick on him karma
come on this involves you you ready
let's see what happens this is our Sun
baby boy is gonna do amazing things okay
I'm gonna reach in turn on the light go
go
good get ollie
get Ollie coming get ollie give my
kisses there you go good boy give a like
this is all he's like where's daddy
weird daddy I didn't like that drink mmm
good karma come in here wake you up give
Ollie kisses give Ollie kisses good far
day oh look at all those good morning
kisses good morning all right buddy you
just woke up you're gonna need a diaper
change okay here there's your diaper got
bicycles on it super cute here's a wipe
get to it show him your outfit I got all
the all ready for the day he's wearing
some Brown shorts with green Dinos on it
and a nice little green collared shirt
I'm all ready for the day too
I feel like I couldn't style my hair as
good as the guy who did yesterday he did
it with like this weird stuff that I
actually don't have but I probably will
get let's go show mommy your threads
come on show mommy why he looks so cute
plaid with Dinosaurs why I think he
looks so cute babe he looks cute I like
that
we look at their brown with green dinos
they match his shirt no I didn't know
are you serious you can't wear that you
look so cute though who do you guys
agree with me or Missy let me know in
the comments I think he looks cute going
to be a warm day and he's very good call
her it's a short sleeve Oliver let's see
your new outfit let me see it Oh looky
actually Mac you got dinosaurs and
dinosaurs this alpha actually goes
together I
yes it just fits a little better look
he's like I want to open my present I
think we're actually going to open some
of these a little bit later I'm really
excited to see what we got Oh what I'm
going to give daddy high-five okay hey
faith all right wish oh that was not we
were hungry you want a snack
I figured my mom and we are at Party
City because I'm getting ready to plan
Oliver's birthday and I actually have a
video coming up on Friday talking a
little bit about like what I'm doing but
I'm just gonna kind of let it out I'm
doing like a tropical type theme and so
I've gotten here like a lot of palm
trees and like different things to
decorate with um but I'm determined to
get this for him first birthday he's got
to wear it you gonna wear it you can
wear this on your birthday okay like
whatever
what do you think he's really fat like
that toy I got it it's like I don't know
I think it's adorable I'm gonna have to
get it just just because
it's lunch what should I have for lunch
guys
we've got lunch meat get that last night
waffles
Pizza bun nuggets yeah fun Nuggets it is
but like well should I have with it got
rice all shells and white cheddar is
like my weakness we have chips lots of
chips hmm okay so we're at Joanns now
and my mom's basically just chasing him
around she put something in each of his
hands because otherwise he just picks up
everything so headers yeah I'm actually
just checking out some stuff so I plan
to decorate a lot of Oliver's desserts I
really like baking so desserts is
definitely like right up my alley when
it comes to birthday so I'll be doing a
lot of making of his food and then I'm
planning on making something cool with
this can you guys guess what I'm making
it's like a tropical theme what am i
making with this but I'll probably end
up showing you guys what I'm gonna be
doing a lot of I'll show you like a lot
of the DIY stuff I'm doing but yeah
we're just hanging out in Joanne's just
picking up a few more things to that
because actually the party's next week
but I just want to be really prepared
because it's my little boy's first
birthday party yeah so it's really nice
having my mom here I definitely could
not do if it's our shoot he's just
everywhere does anyone else impatient
like me and not wait for the oven to
preheat put in something frozen to cook
I just like ain't nobody got time for
that yeah boy got me some
ended up making some like herb pasta
noodles pairing it with a side of
Nesquik chocolate milk
okay so fun facts about ness click that
I learned today it does not need to be
refrigerated before opening that is very
odd because Nesquik is specially
packaged you can store it in your pantry
but refrigerator after you open it how
is that possible is that true isn't is
is this real milk is this real milk you
guys is it fake milk I love these new
chairs you guys I've been sitting here
on my computer for like three hours now
getting stuff done I'm still not done
took a little break so I want to get
everything sort of cleaned up a little
bit so I just been straightening up this
cool area got I took down that temporary
fence that we had up around the porch
area because we actually have an
official person coming out on Friday to
put like a real pool fence up so I'm
pretty excited for that because it'll be
a little easier it'll have a gate and
it'll be a little bit more protection
which is nice I was cleaning the pool
and I was like dang it is dirty the top
is dirty I'm like skimming it and stuff
turns out that so much water has
evaporated it's not going into the
little skimmer hole yet it just started
because I turned on the water so we're
filling up the pool a little bit gonna
get some fresh water in there and
hopefully it gets a little cleaner now
that that thing's gone now I don't know
where to put my grill I know if I should
put it over there in that corner or over
there or like right here so let's figure
out a spot for the grill definitely you
guys look who's here it's my aunt and
uncle from Wisconsin my uncle's actually
a truck driver so they happen to be in
the area where you going to go maybe the
early xscape Oh huh
here we go right through the bar and all
these like new people I don't know these
people
place your opening up some cards look at
this look that we just got hit your
peekaboo Eddie ah he's lighting you
holding me around I don't usually cry
he's adorable that was a really cool
surprise I knew I did my aunt was coming
until I get an hour before and she like
texted me and was like we're gonna swing
by nice can't even catch up with her I
haven't seen her since I lost my grandma
and I went to Idaho for her funeral um
so that was the first time she got to
see Ollie and he kind of had to warm up
to her a little bit but it was cool once
he did cuz they just hit it off just
sitting out back enjoying this fan now I
understand why people have outdoor fans
this thing just feels so good it's like
sending a nice little breeze because
that's nice out here getting some work
that I never got to finish what I was
doing so I have to send this video look
at all of these cards missing went to
the peel box again today so this is from
the last time I picked them up and from
today there's like some really cute
first birthday cards babe
yes we read every single one we read all
your letters all your notes like you
guys are just amazing look at all these
cards love the peekaboo one handmade
ones which I love monkeys
cute dogs sweet little pea look who's
one oh my god this one is really cool
too
it's like a pop-up card so it's got that
and then it pops up to this a bunch of
monkeys just monkeying around check it
out guys we hung them up we took some
little like burlap string and hung them
to things right there and all the cards
fit yeah so we're probably getting a
whole bunch more but we'll have room for
one more string and then that's it I
will have to find a new spot
I know it's just really cool you guys
that we have such amazing subscribers to
send oli all these cards you know so
we're gonna have a one-year-old babe is
he officially a toddler at that point is
he a toddler now I've been struggling
with this like is he a baby is he a
toddler what do I call him I mean I'm
still a baby yeah he's always gonna be
our little baby
I don't bobbing around and walking
around and they're technically
considered a toddler make sure there
isn't like a specific age thing for it
though it's just so small he's such a
short name yeah yes look he knows we're
talking about he's like seriously you're
gonna call me short lady oh my goodness
you guys we just opened up a ton more
mail y'all went crazy Bella got this
amazing what was it a onesie little tux
that's cool we got tons of bowls and
sippy cups and this Apple Park it's like
a little teething toy that yeah jingles
it's really really stinking cute really
cool little toy tether yeah that's cool
geez look at this stuff you guys we got
a pool buggy for a comfortable car oh
yeah and then this thing going go grow
it's so cute little distress renji
novella injury oh by the way you guys
Ellie and Jared are almost at 50,000
subscribers he said they're probably
gonna be there in like a week so if
you're not subscribed to them go
subscribe
a-ha the link below in the description
let's get him there in like three days
we also got a CD by Viki she is a
concert pianist go check out her YouTube
I'll have it linked below but she's
gonna be at vlogger fair we look forward
to meeting you you guys are so awesome
thank you so much we love all the kids
yeah you guys don't have to send us
presents we've been getting actually a
lot of messages of people telling us
that they have like donated gifts and
money in all of us name which i think is
amazing I just want to send a card we'll
display it up there yeah and I think a
lot of people who are sending gifts
either one probably hear it or got the
gay
and sent it before yeah we actually
announced it but either way like you
guys are awesome thank you so much we're
not like not grateful even though we're
telling these don't send it same thing
we still are like oh my gosh this is so
awesome but we definitely with much more
you know suggest that you go donate I
hope you guys join today's vlog hey go
watch the new video up on Missy's
channel and give this video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and we'll see you
tomorrow bye e all the works this is our
little oliver is turning 1 and it has a
couple pictures of him I love this
picture these are the ones that we got
done a few weeks ago with Emily I would
call this one it's just so him he's
always like kneeling down and like doing
stuff and it's so cute and then you turn
it over and it has like all the
information kinda looks like that it's
super cute I really really love it I'm
excited to plan his first birthday party
Olli yeah you're gonna turn one years
old
