boxes boxes boxes boxes everywhere all
our stuffs in here this is our son baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things so last
night we were a pretty late getting
things put together we got movers are
gonna be here and like a half hour
you got everything packed away in boxes
on boxes on bags on boxes these throw
all of our soft stuff in bags those
those are pretty easy but moving boxes
actually are really cheap they're like a
buck at Home Depot so I just bought 20
boxes cuz I knew we weren't gonna have
enough time to look for boxes or Inc you
know like when you move you have to like
look for boxes it's like really
obnoxious taking the karma painting that
a viewer sent us like freaking love this
thing I wish we had an Oliver one to
match
cuz there's I just love the style you
know the movers are pretty much gonna do
everything which is nice I'll take apart
the bed and they'll carry down the TV
carefully I'm going to instruct them
that I just bought that after an
accident and to be careful I one thing I
did notice last night while packing
everything up it is amazing how much
garbage we keep because it feels like I
don't know like it would feel wrong to
throw it away you know I was very
conflicted last night throwing things
away I don't know I felt like it meant
something somehow but it doesn't it
really doesn't mean anything and Missy
and I we try to live as minimalistic as
possible I mean we've lived in one room
for a very long time you learn that you
know you don't need a lot of stuff
today's a big day we're headed over to
the house basically because we have no
internet here anymore
um so oh we have to go to the new house
to get internet back
good morning buddy hey oh oh you
drummond gonna get some morning drama
action going all over his room it's
pretty much all packed up as well we're
gonna get you a new room yeah oh yeah
there she is guys just about all loaded
up now got Missy's chair computer chair
bed everything fit in this little truck
all my stuff can fit in one little
moving truck that's amazing guys
my baby's room is all cleaned out which
I'm gonna say this is definitely part of
the sad part I mean this is where he was
born and like this is where he went when
he was a newborn it's kind of weird to
like move out of it and a lot of people
were concerned about them like how I
just decorated I'm not really that
worried about it because obviously I can
just redecorate I already have
everything I just got to put it on the
walls so it's not really a big deal
but I will be losing probably some of
these my fees I'm going to try and
actually transport these ones so I
really like these ones it's still just
really sad I love his room is super cute
oh we forgot this rug dude that's funny
hey um they forgot the rug yeah I was
just asking if they got it is any way to
put in a nice big what you packed that
shot I know
headed to the new house and is that a
big old movie tuck behind us and then
this part is packed like all the way I'm
even I even have watermelon and who like
grapes got a big mirror on a mirror
oh my gosh so yeah we're pretty much
packed up we got like a not like a super
big truck so
because we're like oh it's like
basically two three rooms you know
because we just have always in our room
but it definitely went fast and we were
not super organs I pretty much packed
everything last night
every single thing last night and today
I packed all these rooms so we were not
like extremely organized but I mean
everything's in boxes and labeled and so
hopefully I'm packing will be too big
with Delta we're about 18 boxes and we
use 16 alone we have two box pretty good
and by the way Karma's coming with us
but we're leaving him at the house I'm
just a little bit probably until
tomorrow just because we're gonna be
doing a lot of packing obviously I'm
packing a lot of stuff but I cannot wait
to get him over there he's going to love
that swimming pool you know a lot of
people are worried about the backyard
being like there's not like a lot of
like grass area there's area for him to
go to the bathroom and to be honest if
we had a backyard with grass karma would
pee and poop and I don't really let
Oliver all in the backyard a lot because
karma pees and poops back there and even
if you clean it up it's just it's not
totally clean and so we have a front
yard we have parks everywhere and we
will be setting up gates so that you
know if Oliver gets out he can't get
into the pool or anything out here it's
kind of a choice you get a grassy
backyard or you get a pool pretty much
that's it so we were lucky with just the
little amount of you know bushes and
stuff that we have how many palm trees
were in our backyard it was like 20
there's at least 20 and some of them
were like is that a palm tree or is I
just like look like a palm tree it was
ridiculous we're moving and we're moving
in oh look at this guy's
well there's there's our living room but
in a real living room and we've setting
up this thing and so yeah things are
kind of coming together
everything's just crazy right now and
it's like a total scattered mess I've
got unboxing all our dishes and stuff
I've already started a load I've got to
wash all these um yeah we got all kinds
of her stuff going on Holly how you
feeling right now how you feeling in the
new house what do you think
hey I'm ready to go swimmin oh we really
want to jump in the paw right now but we
just gotta get some stuff done and we're
gonna chop it we don't have like any
food we have chips and Gatorade grapes
and I've got an uncut up watermelon so
uh yes there is grapes we're getting
really hungry Brian this a four bean
feast with big flavor so I promise have
that I'm gonna have to say no oh my gosh
this is crazy guys I just I honestly
didn't think we were gonna be moving
July first I thought is gonna be like
August September we were really gonna
try and take our time but when it came
to this house we saw it and we were like
oh my gosh we love it and when it comes
to a full house they go that day tons of
people apply cuz everyone wants a pool
and the house is nice inside we
definitely scored on this house and we
just like went for it look at this cute
little office Prime has I I'm gonna tell
you guys I'm so happy that Brian has
ovens I'm actually really excited for
him and I think that it's really just
cool cuz I've always wanted him to have
like a little quick place to be can have
his little refrigerator and you can have
all kinds of crap it's going down I'm
yelling timber Jim came over with some
tools so we're taking down the Fox sign
babe the Fox sign did you want to keep
that up for ya we're getting this thing
out of here I don't know who puts a
giant box sign in their backyard this
weird these people tons to do but we had
to take a dip in the pool
so I'll leave my brother my mom sister
everyone to the pool we actually figured
out finally the jacuzzi which was taking
a while we got dads that's our new pool
guy
no actually we have a pool guy and
everything but they're not here yet so
we had to kind of try and figure it all
out by ourselves but yet we got the
jacuzzi working it wound up fast too huh
and now it's like warming up the pool
like a lot though is there fridge you
guys
on here uh no yeah I don't know booth
this is what happens when you guys have
a pool you make more friends ha ha ha
yeah but I just have my buddy John and
his family over look what he brought
what a giant alligator thank you so much
for bringing him because he seems like a
really cool guy so we got our very first
pool floatie yeah yeah pretty cool
I got me a goggles oh love it
Oliver are you ready for bed let me see
you
ahh are you ready for bed made you sleep
in your new room the guys we basically
haven't almost set up pretty similar to
the other room so we got his crib and I
got that up a little bit I don't like it
that tall just cut it's easier friend to
pull it down
um but I've got this here got my rocking
chair his dresser we're basically ready
for bed I've even got his monitor set up
its sound machine and there you go he's
gonna spend his first night in the bed
and I'm going swimming after but I just
want Cassie you have to go get all of
our stuffed animals this is this bag of
stuffed animals it's literally part of
our bedtime routine to say good night to
them and I do feel like it can will kind
of give him a little more familiarity
with having his stuffed animals
throughout the room like they usually
are all right we've got mrs. who got the
whole gang up here we got Fox over here
got Teddy over there he's playing with
the rabbit you know his name I don't
know you named anything build name's
Christine 990 aunty
love you too you're handed my hair oh
yeah I don't know if you guys noticed
but I put this big old blanket up there
I had to pin it with a bunch of pins
because it's actually still white out
and if I put in a bed with light in
he'll probably just wake up and all that
okay guys I've been trying to get
internet to work all day essentially
we've been like unplugged all day in
this house today
we moved services we have Verizon FiOS
and we moved obviously to this address
today was supposed to be the turn on
time and everything and I waited all day
and then I finally got the email that
said it was active still not working so
we have to actually have someone come by
tomorrow and get it working which is a
huge bummer so if this video is late
it's because of that I have no internet
just sitting in my office I rearranged
things just a little bit so this room is
getting empty pretty fast this she's
been going through boxes with Brooke and
we had pizza
I was really nice we had our cousin's
actually brought in pizza we were
starving miss you go grocery shopping it
10 o'clock at night you can just wake up
early and I'll watch Ollie and you can
go get food yeah yeah you guys want to
see our fridge it's so full of nothing
you basically have pizza beer and
Gatorade and apple juice and water
scream so cool now that we have our own
place we can like do meal planning and
really cook a lot Oh baby we got to put
all our magnets and stuff up magnets but
anyway I'm gonna go ahead and end
today's vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it
we are having a blast in our new house
getting everything situated if you guys
haven't seen Missy's summer lookbook go
check that out I'll have a link below
just shows how hot my wifey is we'll see
you guys tomorrow but this is a sitting
room area we'll probably don't forget
like nice city yeah we'll probably make
it a play area for all
put his toys and like his little thing
totes and then living room it's where
the big spot where the TV will go it's
where we'll sit our butts and play video
games and film videos
