we just filmed a video pharmacy channel
getting work done like we're doing
really good at like scheduling ourselves
really well yeah like we basically get
my video is done early in the week look
who's volume done and then we have the
week to like party work we're pretty
much like professional youtubers or
something this is our son baby boy takes
gonna do amazing things like all ease up
a little closer yeah well actually the
it's throwing off everything okay like
the focus its baby can a hate hate when
I walk in and I walk outside oh my gosh
hi her eyes what happened in yesterday's
wire so you're like eyes Boop I don't
spend the day in my bedroom I'm like
that's all you see everything I'll just
write like oh my god it's kind of in
German I mean we have a lot of stuff on
our plate and we take on a lot so being
scheduled is actually like essential
essential to the mothership and then
this kid wakes up and we get so
distracted cuz you're so cute we just
want to play with you all day hey I
don't want your raccoon let me stir
cooling
he knows that he said mr. kleezak
yeah oh my gosh did you guys see the
season 2 premiere of look who's walking
it's on baby League I'll have the I'll
have the video linked below let's try
and get to 4,000 likes you guys I know
we can do it because you guys are
amazing and you did it last time so
let's try and get that video to 4,000
likes and if you guys have like any
suggestions on what we should do for
future look who's blogging episodes
leave them in the comments below because
we always need help coming up with ideas
and putting episodes together so if you
give us a good feasible idea we may
actually use it yeah I could see like
totally we're always looking for ideas
right now looking it's always like the
beginning of the week and we're like mm
what should we come up with this week oh
he grabbed his bunny miss where you
going every time he does a little squat
thing I think he's pooping guys I'm
stopped
I forgot all of his diaper bag and we're
going out for like a big grocery
shopping I literally only have swim
diapers you know at least we have some
diapers good mommy school hey screw up
to him Oh Ally my eye hurt yeah so
that's a big that's a big one for me um
what do we need um we need something for
his card hazel bring the carriers he
flips out I literally packed his whole
diaper bag I put his shoes and socks and
some snacks and everything
yeah and then you left it yeah so
hopefully we won't be gone too long but
that's pretty big one for me go into
Stan's club today so we're gonna do
Sam's Club first maybe pick up ah no the
club it's like a rager it's gonna be
like each speed sounds baby in the club
yeah it's all full of a fun Club I got
what you need if you need to get it rub
anyways yeah we're just gonna do a
little bit of shopping here and then
probably head to window oh god they're
so heavy I got pizza I know we need to
kids we're gonna have to fill that other
one here for a few minutes he just
stands up go for a ride I know he said
we need to get Ollie something for his
birthday I want to get a mess she says
no and she wants to get him there he's
like Jessie
how's that oh let's get him a ninja
turtle doll
these things are creepy looking those
are some good pool rafts does it work
good huh yeah actually Missy this one
totally would work it's only 30 complex
this big ol air bed you imagine that in
the pool that way crazy you're hoping
they had some sort of like hammock
because we definitely want to get a
hammock for Outback but they don't it's
just Sam's Club so they just have like a
few seasonal outdoorsy stuff would you
like a free sample
scan your Sam's Club membership our new
thing is fence but is this miss sure you
never have to re wash dishes again with
spinach no cool
three times concentrated grandpa that's
cool it gave you four of them sparkling
sign with finish I'm talking about get
some of these if it works the number I
was complaining ow my glasses are like
watches all yeah yeah that'll make them
so they don't yeah dad just grabbed a
couple things at Sam's Club it's hard to
shop at Sam's Club because it's really
just the two of us so there's only like
a few things that can really grab like
big bags of chicken or like cooking
spray like stuff like that I think that
you do grab it it's bending like I know
I know it's like let's go to Sam's Club
because they have a really good price on
bag chicken it's $11 then we walk out
spending 70 and we're like wait a minute
what happened you got yourself a little
music maker there buddy shake it there
you go
making music there we go look back he
wasn't doing very well on mommy
and
I get things done so you want to carry
on where you just want to see let's see
how he does
weekly shopping trip done Oliver are you
done to Pacific he's pretty much done to
decide to do our huge weekly shopping
trip and we're never quite a while hey
buddy it's okay hey it's okay we're
going home you want to sit in the back
you guys see my cry not be old self look
it it's starting to rain you can see the
water the it hits the water the drops
there it is you see them I'm so excited
I think it's gonna rain although I
looked at the weather app and it said 0%
chance of rain but as far as I can tell
it's raining I know a lot of people are
freaking out like but that's not rain
vanilla in California when there's water
falling no crema
this is why light water falling from the
sky it's raining it's raining I know I
think I've said this before but I
remember when I was a kid
cuz I lived in Southern California I
used to literally pray for it to rain
because I literally was like I don't
remember what it feels like for it to
rain or for like water to come from the
sky because it was just we it would
never rain it's very rare when it does
kind of clean out the pool a little bit
we got some floaties and a lot of debris
because it's so windy right now but all
our meals planned out we've been doing a
lot of meal planning so yesterday we and
Brian like sat down we like we're able
to plan out all our meals for the week
come this way come on come on karma it
looks right it gets frizzy without
getting in the water
our little Hawaiian gazebo thing is
falling apart got a little windy here
and these are actually palm tree
branches from those palm trees up there
so we got one that just fell here and
it's ready to be grown up there
and I do it ladies and gentlemen that is
the question can I do it no I cannot
ladies and gentlemen no I cannot oh
there we go
cover up this spot right there what yeah
what else would I do how's the water
yeah I didn't shut off the heater for
the hot tub last night so when it turned
on automatically to clean the pool this
was running into it and now the entire
pool is pretty much failed right there
ladies and gentlemen so lame Missy I'm
so sad like money life but I kind of
like it
I made Ollie a little sandwich just his
first little sandwich it's hot it's like
a whole-grain wheat bread it's got all
kinds of greens inside of it it's a
little bit of ham a little bit of cheese
and I did put a teeny tiny bit of honey
mustard on it hopefully he likes it he's
really just not a very good eater like
period looks very picky I can tell you
right now he probably won't eat this at
all and he he likes the blueberries um
but I do give him like he just ate this
before green bean pear and Greek yogurt
I usually give him a half a packet like
either before after he eats because he
doesn't eat very much and I'm worried
that like usually that he just is still
hungry but let's see what he thinks of
this take a little bite he's also not
good at taking bites never know how he
he's like um you may need to tear it up
I think he's just a lot like me I always
was like I tried it I didn't like it I
didn't want it and yeah he's still a
baby and he's still trying to learn and
that's why I give him things over and
over so that he can really try it before
I decide okay he doesn't like that
yeah look come on just a little bite
here how about just the bread let's just
cut off a piece Oh kiss me dang that oh
good job though I was supposed to do
chicken cordon bleu tonight I was
actually gonna follow up Byron tablets
recipe but I totally forgot to buy bread
crumbs and I want to make any just
because it's already late we've been
swimming and so I'm just tired so I'm
actually just grilling up some chicken
and I think we're just going to do like
chicken sandwiches
grilled chicken on the grill with this
stuff grill mates Montreal chicken look
how much I have that we just bought this
you guys it is so good I can rub it into
the chicken really really good before
throwing it on the grill and it just
comes out perfect whoo fire there I'm
actually watching a channel that you
guys may know about it's Shaylee daily
our friend Shay Lee was actually in
Missy's Mother's Day video and they're
really really cool family so it's her
her husband David and her daughter Eden
and they're just so funny and they do
daily vlogs as well so go check them out
you guys this is their little intro she
just sent me and I love it I'll have all
their information linked below
Oh
her daughter is so stinking cute you
guys go subscribe to them and let them
know that we sent you because they are
just a really real authentic family I
feel like they're a lot like us they're
Christians they actually both sing
worship which i think is so dope so
definitely go send them some love karma
what you doing karma you just want to be
outside all the time you just spent like
an hour playing ball and the pool
swimming and getting your swim on you
know I know there's no grass out there
but I think you're getting more workout
with the pool dinner served we made up
these little chicken sandwiches with
some really awesome zesty fries I'm
drinking a Redd's Apple ale and look at
this apple chips should we open these no
we bought two bags have you guys had
these they're crispy apple chips they're
so freakin amazing we found these at
Winco which is where we do the bulk of
our shopping just amazing we bought two
bags and then as soon as we got home the
first bag was gone really needed to do
something with this office you guys I
got this this this I just I don't know
what to do what my office is just not
together yet how can I create in this
madness of an office yeah I think I just
need like a file cabinet maybe like a
really cool chair but really want like a
bookcase cuz that it just collects
clutter and I just I hate clutter as you
can see but anyway I'm gonna go ahead
and end today's vlog it was a busy day
we got a lot of stuff done oh this is
what karma wants you guys to do with the
vlog right now to like it and subscribe
thank you for watching and we will
sheets mom buy out of these and so we
waited forever
we got the poop emoji pillow which I
love the smiley face the hard eyes and
then of course like which you guys
should basically be doing to this video
right now and subscribe if you're not
already pretty much
I think they're cool
look at this one's got hard ice q yeah I
just want them to go in your office
