good good morning good good money I love
you hi oh my gosh wow she just hit the
camera are you silly boy son baby boy
he's gonna do amazing things
ahh you guys we're back home it's so
nice to be back home in our beds normal
normal normal see which is really nice
to be nice meet you
are you doing did you have a nice little
nap just a monkey
gotta get all ready for the day
we're gonna do an irresistible shirt
which is very wrinkly
I think it's cuz it was in the suitcase
and then I didn't wash it cuz it wasn't
dirty
but back in here no it's really wrinkly
and now we need some pants sure why not
ooh whoo sailboats with irresistible
whatevs
you guys I miss a VidCon so much that
I'm wearing a VidCon shirt which I
actually think is pretty dope yeah well
at VidCon Missy didn't make me do boring
adult things like take out trash but now
it's sort of back to reality and we got
lots of things to do oh they're old TV
that broke sad day hey babe how about
instead of VidCon what if we do home con
that's when you wish you were at VidCon
but you're actually at home so you have
home con and you can like do you can ask
me questions
they go up q and A's and then like I can
talk about like my advice like on a
panel huh and then kept all of our like
run up to me take a selfie with him yeah
anyway we'll get this guy he's
irresistible huh simply it resists what
are you tired he's shy
oh you shy
you forgot what the camera was like
maybe no all right let's go but he wants
to play video games I can't wait to play
video games with you buddy
but yeah you should probably practice a
little more
oh my how we have missed you Freebirds
yep that's where we are for lunch today
having some free words while we run our
errands and check this out what the heck
like okay I'm sorry this is just stupid
right you didn't do it so cool
fuck I didn't play back
ha I know we're working on it and
violent I'm okay like the top is
this is
I go fourth of July touch on there what
is that buddy he just discovered the
Statue of Liberty up on a Michael
motorcycle her name is Liberty look
she's got a giant burrito look at this
bomb diggity burrito you guys and I get
these little beans and Oliver loves them
Oliver you want to be how bites my
finger a little bit every time mommy
you're almost that close to eating a
burrito when can he have his first
burrito when was your first free to let
me know in the comments below that it's
not be an interesting one huh he's still
hung up on Lady Liberty there you go oh
hey it's a dega hey high five high five
I really want him to high five
oh thank you man can you high-five he's
so happy
oh yeah five high five
hey happy with it Cassie just passed
your driving test and has a driver's
license now oh my gosh if you were
driving in Southern California I advise
you to drive home getting your garage
and locking you might steal your car oh
my gosh house I feel your littlest
sister it's now has a driver's license
it's really weird because I'm food
magnitude when I started driving with me
and Brian Tyler we live in a small town
where this field was really slow and
with everything learn to drive on these
nice simple street she's driving one
California where there's thousands of
cars like millions of them the slowest
Lane is like 50 miles an hour and like
you need to be going through it fast you
need to be swerving in and now you need
to be aggressive at the way you're not
gonna go anywhere and that's where she's
wanting to drive and that's weird
so we're moving soon which means we're
literally gonna need everything you
understand this every single thing that
you can think of when you got an adult
needs yeah so we are actually just as
Sears and we're thinking ahead so we got
some cookie pans cake pans cupcake pans
some mixing bowls basically boring adult
things at this point there's a cake pop
we got for free but not really we
ordered a cookie we just went through
Starbucks
we ordered a cookie and then you're
having cookies and so I was like how
about cake pop and then he gave us three
of them three I don't even like the cake
pops like she's making these for
Oliver's birthday but we're probably not
because you don't like them
I am not making them problems I'm making
but I am going crazy
on all of his birthday like planning I'm
really excited about it I was like I'm
getting so excited so excited I got
always like food cleaned out desserts
decorations like everything all you need
is a house oh it is so nice to be home
and relaxing brains actually right now
playing with oli and I'm chill on the
bed Watson stem Tuesday and I'm catching
up with my shows we were at VidCon I
didn't get a chance to like watch any
showed any YouTube I'm actually watching
resurrection right now which is on Hulu
Plus you want to talk about Hulu Plus a
lot we love it like we use it all the
time i watch all my shows on it Oh
Brian's always watching like Modern
Family and Parks and Rec and like that
one new cop show I'm really into
resurrection which I'm trying to catch
up on a ton of really really cool shows
and I love the fact that if you like
missed um or if you didn't get to watch
it from the beginning
you can we actually still are offering
two three weeks so if you want to sign
up sign up it we have a link below it's
Hulu Plus comm slash daily bumps check
it out because I think it's pretty neat
you know you can do all these cool
things and you get two free weeks if you
sign up but we're going to watch that
new show it's called faking it let me
know if you guys have watched it if you
have let me know what you think in the
comments below because it looks pretty
interesting oh it's a beautiful day it's
a beautiful day
look at you breaking free breaking free
from your swing let's stick that arm
back in maybe just for like safety
reasons thanks good it is so nice out
here so Oliver is in the swing he's
gonna get some swing time m'kay so you
can just chill out before bed oh is that
make you happy we swing actually relaxes
him a lot if we like do like 30 minutes
of swinging and then we feed him dinner
and bath and then put him actually down
for bed
it just works a lot better nice relaxing
swing you guys buy flowers drink all of
its water it's all gone that's crazy I
really have never had
like a flower just like drink up all the
water that's so cool and they're
actually really pretty still although
this one seems to be dying but for the
most part there's they're holding up
pretty dang good and I did this a while
ago when did I get this Brian he's not
here
I should go fill it up with more water
because apparently is a very thirsty
I don't have a cup so I'm gonna have to
fill it up with my son's hug boat I am
spilling everywhere
alright that's gonna work guys touches
all for now it's got water so hopefully
they stay alive a little bit longer
don't drop it like this nope I can't do
it I can't do it again
like there we go
there we go we gots this beautiful hey
Mickey do you want to know a secret do
you guys want to know a secret
do we have something to tell them we do
even keeping a secret
we may know something that you want to
know so I know that we've totally been
hinting throughout this vlog about like
getting a new place but the truth
actually is that we didn't get a new
place we did we actually assigned two
papers a couple days ago at VidCon yeah
she's funny we were like doing a ton of
paper see yeah we're like faxing and
filling out paperwork I VidCon to get
everything together but we found a house
and we're going to go live in it now
okay bye
basically the plan is tomorrow is the
first so we have it on the first and so
you guys are gonna see it pretty
exciting stuff happening
we basically need to pack we are moving
and we got a new place it's basically
like a whole new set now like when you
really do says um but it'll be really
cool I think you guys will definitely
like the change gonna be a fun time we
have a lot to do the lot we have
allotted yeah get it's just everything
like washer dryers
like all kitchen stuff yeah every single
thing you can think of we're gonna make
it work and it's it's gonna happen and
it's gonna be really cool and they just
I I want to document this specifically
for me too
so that I can go back and look like oh
this is when we moved into our house
together you know what I mean it's funny
we were just talking about earlier we
got married almost six years ago and I
don't think we've lived together alone
yeah when we lived alone uh we always
had Missy's brother actually he he had a
room with us as well and then we've
lived with her parents and so we've
always had somebody yeah like if it was
yeah it's crazy
so now I can walk around naked I think
it's gonna be really really nice try and
talk more about my emotions with it but
because I there's some definite mixed
emotions that as much as I'm excited to
have like our own place
yeah I'm also really sad to leave my
family and it's definitely a weird
emotions for me and stuff so I'll
probably talk more about it some other
time but we found a place and we're
super excited and you guys should click
thumbs up if you guys are excited as
well mmm
what was like deep it's happy new news
that's weird isn't it she is a weirdo
anyway Olly is asleep we're gonna
snuggle on the couch with my time with
Miki mmm
Miki anyway I'm gonna end today's vlog
we'll see you guys manana pipe
