oh hey good morning good morning good
morning good morning oh my goodness such
a show-off
good morning good mighty good morning
writing writing yay you guys today I am
a hot mess this is our son baby
the boys do amazing things last night I
was watching that video where the dad
films his wife's birth in the car it's
like a viral video that's going around
right now and everyone's like go watch
it you have to watch it it's so crazy
and so I was in I was actually like
standing in the hot tub and I was
watching it but I couldn't hear it and
it was driving me crazy so I took this
thing off my phone just like this part
because I thought well maybe it's making
it so I couldn't hear it so I like
popped it off okay and I finished my
video just watching it like this you
know and when I got done I stood up and
this thing plopped right into my hot tub
and that was the end of this well that
was the end of this thing and if you
guys don't know I'm obsessed with my
case it's like totally broken and
falling apart at least it charged my
phone and now it doesn't charge it so
that kind of sucks because I was like I
loved that I could just easily flip the
thing if my phone died and charged it
but now I can't do that good morning
guys so yeah today I'm just getting
ready Oh what yeah I can barely fit my
whole head into the frame because of my
hair look how much hair you guys I'm
just in the middle of doing it I'm not
gonna do it like this but I just thought
it was funny because it's like getting
so long on top a little cray-cray but
kind of look like that who's that guy
from The Incredibles the bad guy with
the really tall hair could totally do
that but yeah I've been putting it off
for a while but I'm definitely in need
of a haircut Oliver don't play in the
trash don't play in the trash
cuz space what don't play in the trash
look what's missing over here bum bum
bum the sugar is missing so this morning
I was picking this up the sugar one and
I I thought I had a grip on the white
part but I didn't and when I picked it
up the thing just went crashing
everywhere
so that broke
everything's just breaking and falling
apart right now and I'm just like ah
while I was also out in hot tub I
finally had a chance to like read some
comments from yesterday as far as this
door goes remember how we locked it the
other day everyone's like come on you
guys you just need to stick something in
it to unlock it someone even told us wow
you guys have a lot to learn let me just
say something okay I know how to unlock
those doors we tried everything a lot of
things actually wouldn't work my mom
brought over the screwdriver thing that
unlocks it and that is what worked but I
know how to unlock the door I didn't
break the door to everything's just been
really crazy these past couple days I'm
hoping things start to slow down and get
an order and all of that we got to lock
this good there we go see cuz this is
what he does he climbs on it so now I
can't fall this is crazy here it's crazy
but now I have a phone that doesn't have
a case on it so that's always fun it's
probably good case for it alright guys
what about this that's probably the best
I can do definitely need a haircut but
um now I'm all ready for the day Missy
was making some food before we leave cuz
we got a couple of errands to run so
let's see what she's up to birthday time
it's my birthday time Missy and it's
actually almost my half birthday I
looked it up it's July 21st it's my half
birthday miss take note I want to have a
card I want to have a present mmm hey yo
Ian is he eating good this morning bro
berries no I wouldn't I think those
coming go eat that Bluebird good yeah
have you guys seen these flowers Missy
got these flowers from tarjay and I go
yeah they're nice babe and she put him
in this cool she got like a bigger we
found a bigger mason jar vase made by
ball and it was on sale for only like 13
bucks so she grabbed it cuz she's been
high na
oh good our sprinklers are watering our
new chair
that's fantastic that's a success oh my
gosh you guys okay so we just thought
for fun we should check the security
system like the camera to see what you
see what Karma's doing he's in the trash
right now and I did leave a trash bag
out here I'll show you
I left that trash bag out and right now
I think he's trying to open it and tear
things out we might catch it in time but
like I could totally tell if we were
gone for a little bit longer he would
probably rip it open and get everything
out all right we just got back I can
totally see him starting to get in it
here comes Brian karma what do you do it
he looks so guilty karma come here boy
it's okay we caught you we knew what you
were doing though you cannot hide from
us anymore oh look at you got a good
sized hole in it
oh poor doggies really freaking out like
I've got again eat I was just living it
let's put the pizza boxes on top of that
and we'll take this up sorry Khan Oliver
what's on your hand that is Mimi's work
right there he's not he's not mad about
it he's just upset because he's in the
stroller but put on the top oh we love
the style well he took him off his feet
mm-hmm and he was chewing on him so I
didn't wanted to drop them so I put him
on his hand baby kept in there there you
go you can't take him off and he's he's
probably okay with them he's just crying
cause he's in the stroller but anyways
we're at Target grabbin some essentials
with only grocery it's supposed to be
right we going to target we have to go
in like this yeah no I really want the
keys mom we have to hit the heat no
one's gonna get him these look at him
look at him so you're gonna deny him
sighs I also got some Starbucks you came
in actually got us a $25 gift card and
we've been using it for like a month now
and we we I think we just used the last
of it
and having a little tea I'm so proud of
him cuz he hasn't had soda in forever
how has it been it's been I think like
two weeks
I need that hey yes I'm feeling a lot
better but I heard Starbucks is doing
soda and so I wanted to see if maybe it
was different so if you've had Starbucks
soda let me know what you guys think of
it because kind of want to try it but I
don't want it to like mess me up like
all other soda yeah son proud of him I
think he's done really good without soda
Missy and her mum are playing in the
pool always getting in some pool time
oh look Missy left me a little present
she's so sweet and thoughtful and kind
isn't she she's just amazing well
they're outside I literally have not
even had a moment you guys like sit down
and just like chill like veg out and
just watch TV by myself
turn down the aisle TV and look what's
on its Harry the bunny
only obviously doesn't watch a lot of TV
but we like to have things on in the
background and so this is actually a
really cool show this is on who Plus and
I actually just learned that all the
kids content and all the movies on Hulu
Plus are all ad-free it's like super
cool and of course Hulu Plus found out
that we love it so much and so they're
still helping you guys out so if you
want to get two weeks free you can click
the link below in the description or
that's on the screen it's a Hulu Plus
comm slash daily bumps but yeah my
guilty pleasure right now on Hulu Plus
it's something that I cannot watch like
with Missy in the room cuz she just like
gets so annoyed is family guy and it's
cool because on Hulu Plus family guy
actually has every single season that's
available so I can go back and watch
season 1 through 12 or whatever I want
to do and so they actually have a lot of
shows that are full season seasons which
is really cool a lot of people been
tweeting me and they're like thank you
so much for showing me Hulu Plus because
I absolutely love it so if you guys do
want to get two weeks free the link
below is in the description you guys can
check it out
oh this looks like a good one her pee
the love sore see this is why Missy gets
so annoyed when I try and watch Family
Guy in front of her it's funny so we had
the run
to Albertsons to grab a couple things
probar with you tomorrow and check out
this she's sleeping on dad he passed out
on the way here when we got him out of
the car seat he did not want to wake up
so I'm like on so cute
go for it sure cope with me he always
wants me to find his name can you find
it
shut up - Joel tattoo friends a
shout-out to Zack Matt shut up - Ben Ben
Bri
shout out the free set out the Sam shot
the cook cook Andrew check this out you
guys got steak green beans first time
grilling green beans I've never done it
before
but I hope they turn out I am pulling
these steaks off we got tons of shrimp
over here that's a half a pound of
shrimp it's like what four bucks of
shrimp will get you you guys and we love
shrimp these green beans are getting a
little chards they're just about done
looks beautiful
yeah that just happened I just ate like
20 shrimp a huge piece of steak green
beans and a little bit of pasta but it
was so good
yeah Brian oh is definitely the coke in
this family and I am not ashamed to say
it but that's fine because I can cook as
long as you're clean
exactly I don't feel okay about cleaning
because I cooked pretty much well I can
cook okay I don't wanna went saying
Missy can cook cook no I can cook if I
want sometimes you meet me breakfast but
it's like frozen waffles what do I say
I'm not true I can make I can make
french toast it'll get me at scrambling
eggs hey no stop I say good at
everything up until dinner yeah we a ton
of food and I'm gonna get to sit out
here and enjoy this like beautiful
California night look at that pool yeah
it's bluer and the camera is about to go
down little bunny hot buddies hi
hi Thank You Ben crying this whole time
you really wants to go play he played a
ton today Oliver the sleep he's dope
dope guilt and we just ate dinner ready
for bed we're gonna probably watch some
TV we're almost done with orange is the
new black which is really exciting yeah
big day tomorrow hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog today give it a thumbs up if
you did and we'll see you guys smell hi
Mouse mom oh my god it's great we cannot
have Mouse in our house mice in our
house know that my trip home we haven't
had anything out here who moved out here
but I know they are got to be careful
Brian just swimming by himself he says
he's cold though so I don't want to get
in
