not a bad place to start the vlog huh
this is a Sunday this is a boy is gonna
new amazing things we are in La Jolla
Cove and I think we're gonna do some
snorkeling and hanging out on the beach
and grabbing some food I'll eat this sat
in the car for over an hour and he's
pretty ticked off at us you gonna
forgive us buddy must much mommy mush a
tree reminds me of something out of dr.
Seuss so this is the cove everyone's out
there snorkeling here have you ever been
here before
oh yeah I remember that and now look
he's walking around and pointing get all
this grass you can run buddy it's like
this huge park it's lined with these
palm trees that are just ridiculously
tall what are you doing
I said yeah okay yeah yeah I said yeah
so at this um home restaurant it's
really cute I don't know like there's
certain things about it I make it like
special ice to just like meet cigars and
they serve water in these cool little
you need a refresher
thank you so that's pretty cool and they
have the coolest music on this Eternity
she's like I want the CD of whatever
they're playing I love every single song
 yeah they just did Jenny um 8 6 7-5
309 and then this one losing this you
know I blue blue these are all 80s yeah
I love eighties music oh my god that's
my favorite movie it's probably 13 going
on 30
they love I presented a song on that on
the video on that region okay let's move
over get to yeah can we do that at home
that's so cool alright so I just really
want to know you see this I know we both
got fish and chips I got some fruit hey
buddy oh look at blueberry no blueberry
take blueberries there you go
don't you waste that blueberry miss you
got fish and chips to never get this
nervous about it I don't know I like it
looks really good I love fish eat chips
these are hand-cut fries babe I was
singing this song tubes that sounds
exactly the same
all he's gonna try a little bit of fish
Oh Oh what do you got Oh howdy grab that
try some fish mmm the kind that you made
the other day or women oh yeah when I
actually caught my own fish a man my
office chips out ha I think all he's all
ready for the beach are you all ready
for the beach a beach adventure he's
crab and all this stuff and he's just
walking around usual are gonna react hey
Missy's all done up in her snorkel gear
and we're gonna go out there Jim
Missy's dad actually said he saw two
shark paths there so maybe we can
actually see some sharks and big old
lobsters for you guys
big ol seals over here Birds we're gonna
go exploring guys I just got back from
our first little excursion and we're so
bummed because the GoPro is dead I don't
know we took it out through might I got
a couple shots but that was it it's gone
so with this so there's some really cool
stuff we saw some sharks and obviously
lots of fish Sandling think we got any
of that on the video but there they are
out there and see if I can find them for
their serious there Oliver over here
apparently doesn't like the sand at all
does not want to touch it okay let's
show you what he does fit in this
like no no no so he just sits right
there does not want to touch the sand or
the water Cassie's gonna let ollie
touch the waterfalls and stuff I don't
want to suck it he's saying all done
okay baby good I have thoughts about
this shitty bringing me what do you
think baby the water is too ocean which
actually feels really nice too what the
heck get you out of put your legs down
hey you're very crazy kid come on let's
rock come on just walk walk they go
oli does not like to impress over we're
back on dry land are you happy thank you
ignition you like that you like grass
more than sand huh
not a sandy baby will come out here
probably again and will definitely be
trying to get some more clips of it but
we got some cool good to see a lot of
really cool stuff so that's cool
yeah and oli load it up because we're
gonna go get some ice cream but I
seriously cannot believe that I missed
getting that shark on the GoPro you guys
the GoPro said it was charged this
morning it was fully charged and then I
turn it on while my mask is like in the
water and it's dead so lame we need more
batteries for it again oh oh you got you
find your little clip yeah isn't my
mom's cool we've got some gelato from
this place boy by natural gelato vegan
gluten-free no GMO organic ingredients I
got dark chocolate and vanilla with
tundra vegan this is like let me try
that again make sure I don't want any
it's so good so dark so Missy wants to
go into the lush store on the way home
because there isn't one like close to us
but there's one on the way at this mall
which apparently has a three-story
target me crazy it's like our favorite
place and there's just like so much
little bait that place is babe
and they got the big red balls it's like
a double-wide elevator
look at all this room we got walking
directions to stores small is ginormous
you guys the dopest mall ever look at
this old navy right here that's so cool
and it's a glass elevator which we're
going to we finally made it turns out
lush is not a pillow store it's a fresh
Karen made cosmetics store they have
handmade soap sounds cool sexy peel that
way smells interesting in here huh
they have a soap named karma interested
in looking stuff over here these are
bath balls it's crazy this is crazy how
everything's all natural and stuff
hey guys just left the left store and I
had a great first experience there
people were super super nice they talked
a lot about you know why lush is so cool
and so I think I'm actually gonna do
videos I got a few different items so
I'll show you guys exactly what I got
what I thought it was like kind of weird
and interesting
I know uh-huh Karm aware of years ago
party whoa karma come on the littles
little bunny hops go party no swimming
come on
he just likes jumping over I dig come on
Pete cannot concentrate so that he can
go he will pee for like five minutes the
funniest thing starving so I'm actually
gonna grill tonight we got chicken with
a little lemon pepper seasoning
I am marinating some shrimp and scallops
which I'm just gonna skewer and cook on
the grill never done that before so that
should be interesting
you guys I'm freaking out okay so I have
like stuff on the stove stuff on the
grill means putting all me to bed but I
just went to our YouTube channel and
look it says daily bumps and there's a
little check mark verified what we're
verified babe I mean that YouTube
actually knows who we are
oh my gosh I just saw that like I got
goose bumps all over my body I was like
oh that's so cool this was totally acts
an experiment I've never cooked scallops
before um especially on the grill
pretty sure I like these was so good
mm-hmm you would like it too it's good
and voila there's dinner you guys all
done and plated you know a B in dinner
at home like how many days straight now
seven days straight eight day straight
something like that it's so fun but we
are like running out of things you guys
gave us a lot of really good suggestions
and would you have to go grocery
shopping so hopefully tomorrow we can
come up with like the next week of
dinner ideas but I'm very very very
excited for this one hey guys holy crap
okay we had such a busy day yesterday so
much fun I totally
got to Emma blog so I wanted to come to
you guys on the end slate and just say
hey and thanks for watching because you
guys are awesome honestly we had so much
fun at the beach I'm so sorry that I
messed up on that GoPro but I promise we
will go back this summer and I will get
some awesome shark footage for you guys
hey if you guys haven't seen the kitchen
tour over on Missy's channel I'll have
it linked below
and if you guys want to see what we were
doing a year ago you can click right
here on the end slate links also below
in the description for that thank you
guys so much for watching we'll see you
guys tomorrow
mmm so I was like this sound of a body
hitting the concrete or something
