Hey good morning I love you
we shine
do you like that one
hey guys I'm Davey
that boy is gonna new amazing things
granite that song was only three notes
but I'm getting way better I like
switching between the chords and stuff
and it's proving to be a lot of fun and
all he liked it huh you're bouncing up
and down I wasn't even that good the way
thank you to everyone in the comments of
yesterday's vlog who was just like
encouraging me and like all the nice
things you said I feel like that really
really helped
I've never played an instrument before
you know and so I picked up this bad boy
yesterday you guys didn't see the vlog
and I've just been like practicing and
learning as much as possible and like
every little minute I have yeah yeah
basically my main inspiration for
learning to play the ukulele this little
guy right here cuz I just wanna like
seeing him songs and like make him happy
that's basically my main goal for
learning this bad boy Oh
clapping your hands say good morning to
yourself you just woke up and now he's
running around the room alright let's go
oh that was close
come on you guys if you have not seen
the season one highlight of look who's
walking on baby league you need to go
watch it I have watched this video so
many times because it's so cute it's
like all of like the best moments from
the season one of look who's vlogging
which Oliver is the star of all into one
video it's just so stinking cool so
definitely go check us out if you guys
have not seated because it's totally
worth watching I'll have it linked below
and actually you might actually be in
the video yes you watching this I'm
talking to you you like listening to me
you might be in the video so go check it
out this evening you are did you like
having fun when we were filming look
who's vlogging we're gonna start again
real soon are you excited for the new
look who's vlogging yes you are yes you
are oh I tweet we totally have any
showed you check out the new table that
Missy's parents guys really cool it's
got like a bench and for like really
nice chairs so I'm actually just gonna
be getting some work done down here and
all he's gonna be playing cuz mommy's
out getting pampered hey guys oh my gosh
we just spent like two hours at least
two hours not at least two hours two
hours getting our nails on Mia Cassie um
cuz you really want to get our toes done
so Cassie let's film off got greenish
bluish toes and then I actually went
with like a French manicure look at my
dirty car gross my French manicure type
toes on just cuz I want to do something
really natural with them I guess in a
way that's not my natural that took
absolutely forever it was like a really
long way and then they like track you I
like oh you can go sit down in the
chairs and then Cassie had to sit and
wait forever and then she took forever
there was just a really really long long
time so I'm gonna go home and see my
baby I missed him update all he was
getting a little cranky so we are
enjoying the fresh air outside and I am
putting him in a swing I was trying to
feed him this uh plum organics beans and
rice with sweet corn which he actually
likes I don't know
he misses mom mom's been gone a long
time I was able to get one thing done
but I still have another thing that I
have to do but I really can't focus on
that cuz I got a little baby here I
gotta hang out with my little boy karma
wants me to throw this frisbee
quote/unquote frisbee he's out there
having fun
yep just like you oh thank you right in
the lap lap service there you go
I made it home to see my munchkin hey
Ollie where you going
and my other munchkin are you doing hey
you can paying with Dada I like I said
okay so I spent like whoa oh my god he
tried to run from karma he like ran into
me Danny gosh I know he just like stands
right up I went to this one I'm going
because I want to get gel nails they're
not really bad for your nail whereas
like a curling nail if it falls off like
it's gonna rip your nail and my nails
are already so thin and terrible that
I'm like I'm not getting acrylic nails
ever again and so I was like I want gel
nails so I go there and so I'm like
alright so I want the full set gel and
she's like okay and I said that that'll
like make my nail just like a tiny bit
longer right well we had to put an
acrylic nail on it then you put the gel
on it and I'm like well I don't want the
acrylic so she's like okay then you just
want the manicure gel and I said okay
well is that gonna make my nail longer
she's like no wow it's just like it's
just like a nail polish but a gel form
and I was like so is the gel like a
little bit thicker she's like no so I'm
like getting so frustrating I don't
understand what I'm getting when I get a
full set gel it was just like a nail
polish it was even gel so I don't what
I'm really upset about it because I
didn't want it to look like this and
this is what I get but whatever I guess
I'm still trying to figure it out that's
fine I look I mean I think they're fine
whatevs
we are getting ready for the family
photo shoot bc come out here and show
the piece how i think hot you look
change up our entire
outfit yeah this is what Missy's wearing
she's got these cool Aztec leggings on
we're probably gonna pick you up some
shoes if we have time
thank you I'm hoping because these do
not match at all but yeah what I got for
now she's got this cool shirt on and I'm
digging the shark tooth shark tooth ooh
ha ha everyone voted for the original
shirt and so we're gonna bring that
because it looks really nice he's not
wearing that
ha I want to wear the collar anymore
either I just want to be casual and fun
yeah I'm out more casual too I've got
that I guess this is like one of the
most popular shirts at Tesco Tesco
that's where an NGO fee shop yeah but
someone said that dude it's just like a
brand or a store out there and the only
problem with it is that it's just a
little bit too big for him so he just
looks like he's drowning in it but we'll
bring it look at our bathroom it's like
full of stuff cuz we've just been
getting ready I was gonna redo my hair
but I just don't have time and so this
is what it looked like all day it's just
starting to like go Jared knows what I'm
talking about end of the day your hair
just starts to go is he waking up yeah
we gave him a late nap so that because
it's actually a little bit later cuz
that's when we're doing photos he
something's up he's a piece of piece up
ease up ease up ease up ease up can I
get smiles please tell me you're smiling
yeah that counts as a smile yay ok he's
up and he's clapping he's like I'm so
excited to be awake hey guys I'm getting
ready to take off my shoes and put on a
different shoe but I gotta show you this
I wear these little sandals which I
think just look really cool but
sometimes I take them off and watch this
just I've only been wearing these for
like a few minutes but can you see that
they're like warm yeah there's like tons
and like sometimes I'll be wearing this
for couple hours I'll take them off and
they literally have sunken in and all
these like weird spots it's so gross
looking but ok so I just picked up a
couple shoes it was buy one give it half
off and these shoes were on clearance
for $15 and so I was like oh yeah good I
know
so this
chu is up just like a simple black wedge
which I just think looks nice and then I
basically just got the same one but in
white so now I get a side if I want to
wear white with these or black I kind of
think the white looks really cool it
looks good
our photoshoot was actually at 6:30
instead of 6 because I'm stupid and I
totally forgot so now we have extra time
ha yeah we're actually early for once
you guys it never happens but Oliver's
not even dressed yet and so I think
we're gonna go run into the Starbucks
yeah someone really really nice got us a
tweet I delegate oh yeah one of you guys
so just a $25 gift cards like what
that's way too nice you guys so thank
you to that person got one of these
fruit bowls Ollie now takes bites out of
grapes so that's something huh ray just
a minute I still see them it oh you
trickster I got another one of those
sana
shaken iced teas this one was actually
kind of foamy so it's a little weird but
they're still really good I thought this
was supposed to be I don't know you
should try it
oh come on Missy it does it taste like
juice just drink it
just try a little please everybody you
want some water
hmm water okay hopefully they'll be
happy during the shoot because it's kind
of like an odd time for him I know it's
almost bedtime we did give them away nap
but sleep very well you know hey we're
doing photos go get mommy go on oh
that's cute oh yes that one oh dang hey
kid come here come here
we have been doing pictures for quite a
while now you guys have to check out
this lens that Emily is rocking right
now it's humongo you're like getting a
warm workout there
oh yeah definitely yeah so what is that
and she's using it on us so how are we
gonna get down here we go whoo oh oh it
is open and you off it you outfit so you
me too
yeah I like the shirt and now you're
getting uh point out your something
that's about your be logging hey I got
ahold of the camera
is that your first time vlogging yes it
is V logging debugging that's what she
calls look how cute
go be a family we never see you in poke
arm it's hard to me not to direct you oh
you're so beautiful
wait where's ollie in all this hey I
should get like I'm gonna fall oh did
you show them I have to oh yeah I miss
you
totally mitch is telling you that the
pretty spheres and the gas station right
now no bad Emily told me to do it I did
I told her I'm guilty over say something
he gets so quiet when I turn the camera
can you say something say somewhere so
silly if you haven't already make sure
to RSVP for the meetup that we're having
on Friday at VidCon the links will be
below it's at 1 o'clock at VidCon and I
believe you can go even if you don't
have to get give this vlog I like if you
did enjoy it I will see you guys
tomorrow
say bye yeah I know I think I told you I
don't want there
the sass with this one is so real got it
Tennessee if you talk a little bit it
looks like you're naked
this is naked huh make it out lunch
what listen clothes odd they say
