good morning you guys finishing up the
vlog yeah we're just doing some light
editing the editing with Dada you like
never cuddles with me I know he never
calls with either us he's just not like
a cuddly baby huh there's something to
do things to do I'm still learn that
snot gonna work ready but go on
good dog though good job this is our son
baby
these are boys he's gonna do amazing
things what you made me breakfast babe
this looks amazing you did all this this
morning while watching Oliver and karma
yeah what are you gonna eat eating some
biscuits and gravy mm-hmm maybe can i
well a good way to start with the
morning you guys can ask orange juice
I'm in full mommy mode I've got baby in
bed and I'm doing laundry and of course
watching some pretty little liars
catching up on the last episode I had
like three loads to fold because I have
to go back and forth to my mom's right
now and do laundry because we currently
don't have a washer and dryer which is
like first on the list to find obviously
I want it to work I feel like Craigslist
we've actually bought a washer from
Craigslist before and it was totally
broken and it would leak all the time
we're kind of like leery of Craigslist
but I don't know I just really want to
it's such a pain having to go back and
forth with laundry especially we have a
baby like you just have things that you
have to watch a lot and it's kind of a
bummer but karma you're being such a
good boy I got to tell you guys I feel
like karma has gotten to be like a bit
of a calmer dog and even more cuddly
because I think it's because there's
less people in the house like when
there's so many people like he can just
go from one room to the other and he'll
just you know find some way to entertain
himself and now he just kind of lays
down and chills and you know wants to be
with me or Bryan and so I'm kind of I'm
kind of excited about that because me
and him used to be like really really
close because I was the only one at the
house when me and Bryan lived together
and it was really nice because he just
always taught with me
now it's just a song to show you the
progress we made yesterday obviously I'm
going to be doing like a more official
house tour once everything's done but I
don't know like when everything will be
done we have a lot to get but I did hang
up some stuff on the walls I really
really don't like this wall I don't like
this because I've had just for so long
and they're just kind of really old so
I'm going to be doing something
different but I had
I was like me as well just throw them up
on the wall just to make it feel more
like homey I guess but I definitely can
on getting more decorations right like
something different that's it but really
I just don't know I just don't really
enjoy the way this wall looks this
I've got like all our boxes everything's
cleaned out no I run every single room
except for his office that is your job
no I didn't have things to put things on
nothing I know that I have this I don't
know what to do with this Brian uh yeah
I have to go in our room it's got all
kinds of cute little memorabilia stuff
um but there's really like nowhere for
me to put it but I've got all this room
basically decorated this room's
basically done which to this camera look
how sexy this wifey is white what's this
thing called sarong a sarong Miss awful
guns oh I lost a little coconut for it
your little coconut I have it like I see
two coconuts oh stop Oh like a coconut
to like tie together this is basically
what's happened to our life we have a
pool now Missy doesn't even put on
normal clothes she's like I'm gonna wake
up and put my swimsuit ah yeah and like
songs and things that I think so yeah
the new house has changed us immensely
Kermit here to go potty go potty we have
to put karma to go
okay karma wait come here come Ann you
have a bow tie on and when it's on the
front you look like a little girl with a
bowtie in your hair and now you look
like a gentleman cake you go potty at
the old house we had a door like in like
a doggy door and he would just go out
whenever he wants but now we actually
have to let him out he would run out
like a crazy maniac dog I ordered a
washer and dryer I think this is like
one of the biggest things we've ever
bought hummus
Olly come here come here come here
but it's like a necessity I can't have
miss you run into our mom's house to
watch uh clothes how could you have an
octagon
oh sorry sorry I let you down
I was getting dizzy too oh did I make
you dizzy he's got balls in both hands
miss he's got his balls in both of his
hands he's just walking around coming
come on
Dago he's like okay well balls in your
hand balls in your hand looking like a
fool with your balls on your hand got a
ham on here gonna put some honey mustard
on it gonna try some honey mustard on
here mmm
chase hi Olli you still walking around
with your balls and boom goes down and I
even threw some cilantro on that cuz I
love cilantro all you have in here and
cheese and watermelon you want something
take a bite
come on does he not like Hammes ja oh I
got it in your mouth oh he took it out
of his mouth food he's like um this is
weird okay try come on come on no how
about a little piece of cheese you want
try some cheese no Missy it's the
watermelon you put watermelon on his
plate and that's all he wants
yeah he only wants the watermelon miss
which is weird cuz when he eats it he
goes oh you guys look mrs. dad got me a
housewarming present oh yeah that's
awesome
so cool here do you need help opening
those avocados with this yeah I can do
it okay even has a light my knowing you
yeah if some of our favorites here you
guys guac and cookies do the cookie
dance do the cookie dance do the cookie
dance do the cookie dance dance dance my
parents came to visit and when they come
to visit I put them to work my dad is
putting up a gate to that with if Olly
is out here like if it gets out how she
is like let's say we actually leave the
door open or anything there'll be a gate
and he won't be able to get to the pool
yeah this is kind of a simple gate it's
kind of nice because it's easy to put up
and it's not like permanent but we were
looking at like some part more permanent
ones but I think we'd do something like
this it's obviously safety so that all
he doesn't get out and get in the pool
huh he's like come on gang so we've
totally just been like chilling and
swimming by the pool I think my hair is
like Oh crazy from the pool but all he's
taking a nap well I think he just woke
up just to get him hello hello hello
Olly boy hey he is naked Missy our son
is naked well I can see his little
wee-wee
my butt's hanging out this isn't
possible right did you really take this
off you he's trying to take a shirt off
- did he no I don't think so I just put
this on him like before even to bed like
look ahead I'm proud of himself I can't
not love it how did he do that is that
ever happen to you guys it gets taking
their diapers off cars on a car fog I
feel like we haven't left the houses so
long we're just like in paradise at our
house when we lived with your parents we
kind of ohi's probably felt like cooped
up and you were always like let's go do
something
yeah but now we're at our house and I'm
like I don't want to do anything with it
if you want to sit on the couch and hang
out that's worth basically you can count
on forever we're just gonna have hot
mess hair all the time right
yeah anymore I'm gonna have emo hair
yeah he's gonna have email a lay down
hair but actually looks fine I think
it's totally fine
oh yeah I see I see I see a big red ball
missy is nerding out right now at this
aisle you guys oh my god you want ever
she literally was like I wanted all this
whole set I'll just take it
cut Birds owls box we need a cookie jar
babe okay so let's get a cookie jar
which one right one this one's kind of
my blue yeah so cute I know it's a box
has cookies I mean let's be this is me
cookies in Jackson look at these they
have little chalkboards on yeah okay so
I try to kind of figure out which means
cheaper cause even with the mason jar
thing but the mason jars what was
a big one for 20 bucks yeah and here's
one for $17.99 this is our new favorite
section of the store you guys cool stuff
not to put all the cool stuff ya know
it's like religion are you nursing right
now and target she's amazing yeah lots
of post up oh that's some arm floaties
for CJ CJ is coming over tomorrow you
Bing I don't know two to twelve bit so
totes fine do you want to print it out
for the pretty lady the whole flower
thing I never thought I liked flowers
you should get some lemons and then cut
them up in the base your apples apples
are good too that one's cool hey that's
like a perfect one actually ah a nice
bow bath isn't that nice it is bath time
and bedtime for Olli
um and then Brian's actually making us
some yummy dinner downstairs
so that's be good and I'm thinking we in
the hot tub tonight and just relax
sometimes you just feel like some good
old fashioned Simpsons anyone else grew
up watching some sins with my grandma
actually my grandma loved The Simpsons
so every time I watch it I think of her
which is nice too but this is putting on
a bed and I'm in charge of dinner as you
guys can tell I'm actually kind of like
the cook we're having steak I'm gonna
boil and blam some green beans and then
matei toes are ready to throw in the
oven it's nice I actually like cooking
dinner at home that we have like a full
kitchen we're able to do it a lot but
the thing is is like we never really
have dinner ideas so if you guys have a
really good like simple dinner idea that
you guys will think I think we'll like
leave it in the comments below maybe
like your go-to thing but like we're
really basic we like chicken and steak
and and like some pastas and stuff but
we definitely have trouble coming up
with dinners and voila I made dinner oh
by the way did we tell you we got new
plates we took those ones back because
miss he just wasn't feeling so these and
she was like I really want these ones
but we ended up getting the other ones
and then you had buyers from Marcy I
really wanted this lighter color yeah
prettier so then we got this and I got a
whole thing I think I'm gonna do a video
on my whole kitchen set
just because like I got a lot I'm gonna
do like calling a whole hall and
everything are you ready for dinner
cute little wine cause she's a fast day
but okay I wish I could drink wine
yeah it's carbonated so it hurts her
throat so she can't drink a lot of
carbonated drinks I don't like
carbonation but I also just don't like
wine I mean it just cries she was
jealous of my fancy wine glasses she got
one and put apple juice in it yeah I
have apple juice here's grape juice what
looks like the same thing who is looking
good all right wait don't do it don't
put so many in there well it's kind of
happy the flowers are gonna push it down
yeah as far as you push down it's
already really full stop putting lemon
one more Walter it's okay right yeah it
does look good babe she's watching the
new stuff for her kitchen and actually
it I'll be here to tell you what she's
doing for a theme because it's a I think
it's pretty interesting and she's gonna
make a video about it on her channel
probably next week hey I wanted to tell
you guys we may have updated the merch
website so go check it out there's a
really awesome design that you may like
get it yeah we got new merch go check it
out links below in the description I'm
gonna go ahead and end today's vlog I
think we're just gonna hop in the hot
tub and relax and then go to bed but oh
man oh man we are like less than 200
away from a hundred thousand subscribers
and I'm freaking out I'm so excited but
man I can't imagine waking up and
hitting 100,000 subscribers that would
be crazy
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog quick thumbs up did and as always
we will shoot tomorrow
guys ring give me a hug
like them
