good morning guys we are rushing
somewhere as usual it seems that we're
always late for something doesn't it
it's not our fault it was in her
calendar 4:11 yeah and then she called
and she's like are you guys supposed to
be here it's 10:30 this is our son baby
that boy is gonna do amazing things we
are off to a house right now we're
looking at one and we're actually really
excited about this house we've kind of
already jumped the gun on a lot of a few
things as far as this house and so we're
really excited about it but it seems
like everything in the universe is
getting in the way of us getting this
house so I didn't even know anymore
what's going on you know I'm just like I
just whatever let's just go look at it
yeah we're just gonna look at it but
clearly God does not want that business
um but really excited about the house
it's got a pool in the backyard and I
know it's big it's got plenty of
bedrooms for more baby wipes range
yeah total that's what I'm excited oh
great
need i say more big it's beautiful it's
really nice ball oh man
yeah just left the house and we liked it
there was some definite paint issues
that I wasn't quite like happy with
exactly overall really nice house a lot
of room it's got plenty of rooms and
office for Brian like nice little areas
for Oliver to play obviously the
backyard is beautiful so overall we
really liked it I mean it sounds like -
that the owner is open to like if you
want to paint or like yeah however you
want to do things I think we changed out
like some window coverings and paint and
make it our own you know yeah totally so
I don't know I think that it's funny
because houses out here with a pool go
like that day yeah like today today will
be the only day they show that house
yeah anyone who goes some sees it will
get it today
there's gonna like a lot of applications
for it so we'll see but it's nice
because we turned in ours three days ago
yes we did I don't that's how you have
to do it out here I know you really give
kind of just up in the air and we'll see
whatever happens happens if the universe
is truly against us it will not happen
and we will find a better house yeah all
right we have a straw here Missy what do
you do with the straw yes amaze Olli
right now he's super bored here I have
this wrong
okay all right Holly
check us out Oh Oh you take it off yeah
we're ready
watch this it's growing
oh he's like a mess to play with my mom
used to do that every single time we go
to a restaurant and I'm not kidding you
ain't never got old how is that possible
he's like hey I wanted to play with that
here we just grabbing some lunch
check out this sandwich you guys pulled
pork with an onion ring on it I don't
think I've ever heard of that but sounds
delicious but we have to go shopping for
a birthday party we're going to later
Oliver's chewing on his son is that
keeping it he was pretty much like done
being in there but he's happy now
Oh 7,000 that way thanks so then you
still have it okay oh great so I'm
trying something new when making our bed
it's called not trying ah I was
seriously I love piling up all the
pillows like this and then just like
falling into them except for those
pillow spills nasty we don't do that
pillow my pillows purely d'accord it
Holly was pretty exhausted so he is
getting a nap and then I'm either gonna
have to run and grab a present or wiggle
afterwards but I can barely Missi moved
this usually I could go more to the left
but I can't you can see her rocking away
it's cool cuz I can like pretty well spy
on them all right Kay so me my mom are
out and we are getting my little cousin
a gift because she's just doing one sure
names pain she's actually the one that
Ollie and her did that video together
with the look who's vlogging and he was
like flirting with her and stuff and so
anyways they're like only six weeks
apart or something and turning one so we
got to get her a present but it's so
crazy because now she's turning one that
means all he's gonna be turning one his
birthday's next so should be interesting
I'm excited for her little birthday
party but what do you I don't even know
what to get hurt even though like well
all he's about to turn one get it her
something that like all I could pull on
right but it's like hard
right we have to get this oli check it
out I'm over but I really want it kay
okay guys so a quick boom okay I got you
do you know that section at Target it's
like it's called I know be.we something
I don't know why even says actually yeah
yeah we we yes bu bu I don't know it's
like this super cute brand they got cool
colors and stuff so I got this one for
another one for all I know it's you're
like you huh
so got these cool little keys they look
like keys I they cute whoa they look a
real key I know what are we doing to
kids nowadays crazy I know I'm pretty
sure they make sounds and stuff but oh
my gosh that's so cool yeah so I got
this and I Monica we've never bought
over something from an aisle I know
there's like really really up
like I really want to get him that
guitar now and there's also a piano with
a microphone he's gonna be like three or
four years old
oh my mom got her it's like a little
drum and it's got all kinds of different
types of music like things to use so I
don't know there's just like little
things to make sounds and music yeah
that's what we got her my mom got her
this and I got those two things and I
think it's pretty cute now we got to
wrap it all know what else is pretty
cute what face oh look at this mom right
here you just look so cute there you go
spin for me thank you
I love you
that's the face that all he does all he
really wants to help wrap the present
you guys look I gotta put my special
touch on it for Bayon
scissors well he literally sounds like
I'm getting there sheesh Louise kiddo
why are you rolling up you really want
to play with those
what are you doing you're gonna play
with it again yeah check this out you
guys Ali's very first car who knew it'd
be pink and smile yeah my buddy we're at
the birthday girls party hey pay pay and
they are now driving together they see
that's cusing ever you need to have
another kid so we can put them in a car
hey guys you got the baby from the jelly
jump ready Olli don't be just beat up
like climbing over a mine
oh all the kids are in there now we're
gonna go in put the girl
are you tired already guys everyone's a
twenty-pound kid gosh she's sherry
there we go check out this thing you
guys who thinks we should get one of
these swings slide little climbing up
clubhouse thingy haha woo he loves it
he's getting a little tired and hot so
I'm not sure how much long he's gonna
last outside now like he's surrounded by
girls all of us just a trendsetter I
guess he was the only one over here and
now it's full just kidding you guys so
we got back from the party and Oliver
was tired he conked out I'm totally
exhausted so he's actually re asleep
took his bath he's gone for the night
Terry is that little baby I want to make
sure you guys know that we're doing a
meet-up
on next Friday um at VidCon so make sure
you check the links below so you know
exactly where to meet us and so you can
hang out with us and all that good stuff
VidCon is gonna be a lot of fun I'm
really excited because actually my mom
and dad are coming because they want to
get out of the house and go on you know
do a little vacay as well they're gonna
hang out and watch Ollie if we ever do
something without Oliver and I think
it's just going to be a really really
great time so make sure you guys are
coming if you can and I think
technically it's not inside VidCon so if
you don't have tickets to VidCon you can
actually still meet us so anyways I'm
gonna and the vlog but we will see you
guys tomorrow
thumbs up the vlog if you haven't
already and we'll see you guys bye
and all the duckies out there he's like
a little girl
oh yeah I know you know how to swim but
you can't go in there
holy cow you guys look at I just spotted
a huge group of Turtles look at all of
them up there
