good morning guys we're in our new
bathroom and it's morning time and
Brian's still in bed
Brian wave Rehan tell me you're awake
this is our tiny baby whoa
okay something new amazing things we are
so glad you guys we actually
surprisingly didn't stay up that late we
went to bed at a decent time definitely
exhausted and starving I'm like shaking
I'm so starving because we had like an
early dinner I guess it's Pizza though
and so I feel like I didn't really like
fill up that much and now it's breakfast
and I am like going to pass out starving
I'm gonna outfit so this is my overalls
that I showed you guys um in my lookbook
and it's so weird to wear overalls I
will tell you they give me a wedgie like
all the time though although some things
are too small but I definitely get a why
do I always actually got swim lessons so
I'm gonna get food and just take them to
swim pinkies away so let's go check on
him in his new room my room is very
orange my goodness hello good whining
wait you got all your toys out that mean
you are super bored yeah you got all
your toys did you see good in your new
room yeah he's so happy he's like look
not I got all the toys down good morning
guys this morning I'm still waiting for
the Verizon FiOS guy to get here so that
we have internet without internet this
place is basically a black hole it's
where internet goes to die I really
wanted to take a dip in the pool this
morning just like jump in but he could
literally come at any time and you know
they're notorious for knocking on the
door one super lightly and then being
like oh no one's here no food oh we do a
pizza actually mmm one of my favorite
things you guys is cold pizza all right
guys I'm holding the
I'm seeing if I can get it hey Ollie
Ollie I love you mwah ah my good - oh my
gosh again I cannot hold this thing okay
there you go
mwah I love you you guys he's blowing
kisses I love you mwah
good job like seriously trying to hold
it zoom in and get it did you guys see
that though that was so cute he's like
literally just started doing that I love
you mwah
that's right guys biscuits and gravy
I'm very hungry I'm going to my mom's
and I'm gonna go eat it you know I find
it interesting how quickly my house just
turned into my mom's house because if
you guys don't know we were sharing that
house with her and now they live there
basically just themselves and my brother
and sister now it's no longer my house
but it used to be my house and so now
it's my mom's house and now it's just
it's just so weird I feel like I really
want to talk about the whole um you know
sharing houses thing because I feel like
a lot of people are like I'm still glad
you're getting out of your parents house
and the truth is is that it wasn't my
parents house so we went out we picked
that house out together and we decided
to share it so that we could all split
the cost and then also I think it's just
for one it's just so rare when it
actually works and it works so well with
my family like we love being with them
we love that Ollie houses grandparents
right there and so for me this is
definitely a little bit emotional
because I feel sad that all he doesn't
isn't gonna get to go downstairs and see
Papa Mimi all the time but it's okay but
I also just think that it's too bad that
living with your parents is look so down
upon you know like when we said like oh
yeah we house Cher people would be like
oh you know and that makes me really sad
because I think that if it works I think
that's the way to go if you can do it
now it's not for everyone that's for
sure but if you can
and make it work I think that that's so
awesome even if you can share house on
the same property see all these cute
little pictures come from the Apple TV
you know what that means
we are finally hooked up to the rest of
the world you guys the Verizon guy came
and I guess none of the cables out
backward even hooked up I'm pretty
relieved I got the vlog up I'm now I'm
just like going around connecting
everything I had to connect the iMac the
computer the Apple TV the ps4 that we
you and we she's got an iPad up here but
anyway yeah it feels good to finally be
connected sorry man we missed you check
out his new off at you guys we have a
new bowtie on him so it likes dapper and
a new collar which is very beautiful
today pretty we even got him a new leash
to match your knee as he died huh he
really missed us you guys he got so
excited when he saw me I cannot wait to
get into the new house he's gonna love
that fool because to me a radio he's
still ready to go he's about to jump out
of my arms yeah yeah she's almost done
hey very nice take me this way
did I drink it he's gonna drink it
oh yeah all right we just had a great
swim lesson with oli which is probably
this is the most crucial time now
because we have a pool in backyard now
so I need them to get safe pretty
quickly but now we gotta go one mark we
got to get some essentials I feel like
it's never ending when you have a new
house there's so much essential student
need you know there Holly hey buddy
how's it going I think the movers left
this stole babe stool I like I don't
think that's our stool this has been
shopping all day and we're supposed to
go grocery shopping cuz we have food so
she brought me subway he's all like rad
has he been like in a sign oh hey how
are ball come here go get it go get it
works on dogs works on babies what's up
what huh
Karma's coming over later yeah I was
like so happy when he saw me Holly is
holding this packet of fruit in his
mouth and eating it like a boss are you
hungry
you really like pumpkin carrot apple oh
is that the one that smells really good
yeah that's like the only one but look
at Missy puts it in mouth and then let
go
hold it like that yes
welcome ah but this is not his week I
know but there the one night you wanna
practice she was not me okay hi guys
freezing it oh my god what is going on
oh why did he do so happy so what room
should be his yeah we that's why we got
the five bedroom house he needed his own
bedroom there you go guys he's like okay
no no see it looks just like all his
room this is diaper this looks just like
Ali's room see like all right I'm good
let's go swimming got him an aqua
bouncer ball I'm sure you're gonna tear
this up pretty quickly but it bounces on
the water and I think that's pretty cool
so let's do anything careful Karma if
you look over here those stairs good job
boy now you're gonna be outside for the
rest of the day how do you like the
water
he is a wet doggy now this is your yard
boy so this is where you go poop and pee
okay yep right there
it's where you pee good job he's already
doing it right babe quick go go jump
it's here Freddy this is what he did at
oh my gosh yeah has ever swam in a real
pool
oh there you go you're a strong puppy
huh oh you just buckle it karma come
over here to the stair come on there you
go
so ollie is taking a nap and Mimi is
watching him at our house and we're
getting some groceries he's getting some
bananas when we put that on her list
she's like I never know how to spell
bananas only way I can spell bananas is
because of that song do you know the
song ba na na na na that's not how guys
because this is bananas be AAA yes Bowie
well it's a fun rock we went really fast
because so much stuff you can tell we're
excited to have our own kitchen well I
think we'll be good for a couple weeks -
yeah hopefully this'll last I mean
obviously we'll have to go back and
write dinners but we have advise we have
to buy like every single thing that you
can think of that would be in your
kitchen and it just you know it adds a
bit it looks like a lot but I mean we
had to get like you know seasonings and
all the condiments and bread eggs milk
all those like little things dang that
is a sweet ride yes sweetheart so we are
having a grocery pudding away party we
got music going on
oli is on mama but look you guys our
pantry is getting full so that's
exciting
ah look it's full of food not amazing so
that's cool
all he's eating some Dindin I couldn't
reach him look for that mm-hmm
he's like choosing what he wants babe
yeah I see you lost somebody I am
starting dinner I got our corn shucked
and chickens defrosting and then we're
gonna make some just some little noodles
here we go guys first
home-cooked meal in our new house we got
chicken
some noodles corn Missy made us some
salad me decide she made the salad I'm
so excited
dig into this this chicken looks good
though I use this like Montreal chicken
seasoning song excited to try it new
bathtub check out this new tub you guys
very deep it's perfect for like if I
wanted to lay in it it's like tilts back
almost perfectly it has a spot for like
your head good second day in the house
um got all our did you poop in here I
think he pooped in here hang on all
right we're back he seemed to just have
something floating around but didn't see
me poop good second day in the house we
got all the grocery shopping done this
stuff oh we're starting like from
scratch almost and we did get a few
things when we were married but we were
really young and at the time we didn't
even really have a place to put it and
so I don't really think we got that much
stuff and anything that we did get we
got rid of because we were really trying
to downgrade we moved to California do
it a little bit at a time try and hold
off as much as possible with things and
just go gradually cuz gets expensive
when you're trying to like stock an
entire house of stuff and that was
another thing is a lot of people are
like why did you get a five-bedroom
house
and to be honest we were looking for
like a 3/4 bedroom really they don't
make two bedrooms in California like
unless you live in like an apartment
there's no two-bedroom houses really
wanted there to be like a guest room
because we just want to be able to let
people stay over and invite them to here
we just felt like it's definitely time
for us to have a guest room Brian needs
and office you just need a spot to be
able to sit and think relax create you
know all that good stuff this house was
in our budget which is important and I
just had to remind everyone houses how
it works here it's cheaper to live here
in a house than it is to rent an
apartment in LA it is much more
expensive to live out there so a house
like this was in our budget they had a
pool and the fifth bedroom just kind of
came with it was the same price and
we're like alright I guess we're gonna
have a filming room
long story 4/5 bedrooms kinda came with
it we're looking for a 3/4 bedroom and
it all worked out I feel really really
blessed and we're very very lucky we're
very very blessed in this in this way ah
huh
he's runnin he's robbing you gonna take
that with you to bed he's like okay I
give up no huh come over here look over
here oh you guys shut the door on daddy
now he's not even teenager and he's
slamming the door in my face you ever
wondered what parents do when the kids
go to sleep you're looking at it
savage it look weird sassy I know we
bought this Ghia tard one by v1
they're like crunchy I'm pretty sure
your bad happens I can crazy you guys
it's like smoking like crazy why is it
doing that
oh babe there's flames under there
probably there's no space
yeah but that was really big the new
house is on fire already well now I'm
not sure what to do cuz we have cookies
and an oven that is a hot mess right now
are you hiding from the fire it's okay
don't be afraid oh I'm so glad he's here
you guys lay on that no I'm gonna go
ahead and end the vlog hope you guys
enjoyed it if you did you can always
click that thumbs up button missing I'm
probably gonna jump in the spa and then
just go to bed early it's 9 o'clock I
just realized it's 9 o'clock and I feel
it it feels like midnight we're so close
to 100,000 subscribers you guys I'm
freaking out I actually think I might
cry if it hits a hundred thousand if we
hit a hundred thousand subscribers T and
I are going up in a hot-air balloon so
if you want to see that then you got to
get people to subscribe to my channel
just tell them to check us out and stuff
but I've been seeing tons of love on
Twitter thank you guys so much for that
and just thank you for a hunt almost a
hundred thousand subscribers that's
crazy
we're gonna go now thanks for watching
the vlog we'll see you tomorrow bye
great first piece
yay pretty cool I got me goggles love it
