hey guys and good morning we're off this
room closet but we are running it super
late are you ready are you guys are you
ready
this is our son baby these are boys he's
gonna do amazing things and we're
actually early cuz their clock is
actually early or like behind a river so
we always think we're running late but
like 10 minutes early so a ready go
swimming granular and stuff is just
staring at me smiling is the cutest
thing ever
it comes out
I'll go
you're getting the girls get that hello
what up guys Missy and Ollie are both
taking naps actually Missy was pretty
exhausted this morning so she's taking a
nap and I'm out running errands you know
I've been sitting at my computer desk
all day it seems getting work done I
just had like paperwork and upcoming
stuff for baby League which is really
cool a lot of you been asking you know
when is that coming back are we coming
back are we doing more videos and yes we
are there should be a new video up on
there by next Monday but we're basically
just doing like a month off just for all
of us so we can just sort of get
situated again and get back on schedule
and stuff because we're traveling a lot
but yes so be new content coming out on
baby league and I'm really really
excited about it you spend with those
boring adult thing mornings you know
where you just have crap that I've been
putting off and now I've got a run to
the bank do some other things
beautiful I'll hear you guys blue skies
90 degrees here in sunny Southern
California and I'm loving it looking for
houses we're so adamant about finding
one that house it pull in the backyard
or has a nice community pool be
surprised at how hard it is to find that
out here especially where we are because
it's almost like a desert but the pool
is definitely nice especially year-round
because I mean let's be honest it's
California it ain't really get an
underlying reason in the winter shout
out to everyone who's cold
sorry over where you bad hey guys
so after swimming I totally took a very
nice nap he took a nice nap how dude
he's being adorable huh are you playing
with your toys yeah toys hi oh you're so
cute
you need pants on baby you've got no
pants on this has got like so much
personality these days that it's just
kind of crazy how like he's just like
this little kid that plays with his toys
huh I just love that we have something
like this that I can easily set up and
just sit with him and he can play we can
yeah yeah look who's up and walking
around like don't touch me my eye what
I'm doing karma karma wants me to throw
is nasty ball there you go why or a
slingshot me Karma you have to be
patient we have a kid now karma so
impatient when it comes to throwing the
ball if we're out here ow
piece of crap those are sharp like weeds
in there do you see this weed you holy
cow wow that is pretty it looks like
alien I freakin hurt my finger
karma is impatient whenever we play ball
with him it's pretty ridiculous he just
runs out here and barks at us you want
the ball you want it that's my
impression right he's like hey don't
mock me oh look at look at our kids
playing with their balls I guess I kind
of sounded weird
get your down song yeah throw it throw
it the car huh he look you look like
you're pooping what are you doing are
you pooping outside he actually might
have been it's really really nice we
kind of spent the day just chilling when
we should have like gone and done
something but I was so busy I feel like
well I hardly do it like I do everything
I need to at once yeah let's go look at
the swing back up yes it's up and Oliver
is very happy we couldn't have a normal
conversation here though without you
hearing karma bark okay no don't do
anything put me over the side
all right fine you're done you're cut
off oh he's like I'll put it another way
I'll just put in other words I've never
had allergies my eyes are so itchy today
that I really should be wearing
sunglasses shouldn't be wearing
sunglasses but I am because unless it's
bad to where when you have allergies
no it's be careful I don't know wear
sunglasses cuz it's not even not
studying right now what I need to wear
the modality because I rubbed my eyes
read it and like really bad so I'm
working even though I really don't need
speed yeah we just out here chilling
hanging out talking spending time
together ideas look at him no he's gonna
be one years old in
in 40 days old that's ridiculous I'm
feeling I'm gonna cry like a lot on his
birthday I don't know it's just been
like that I think I'm not crazy that's
crazy
I know you guys will leave one year ago
are you very pregnant I think the last
month I watched those like the month the
proust the last month year pregnancy
yeah this is so cool it's just weird
it's like always in there so we're
actually we're planning his birthday we
want to do something really fun um but I
wanted a monkey miss you won't let me
get a monkey not getting a monkey that's
really suits you couldn't do the monkey
suit no I see in it actually to be
honest I was all playing like you know
I'm gonna do a monkey fur is one day
like he found another ball Oh God
anyways I was like I want to do monkey
theme for his birthday but now I don't
know if I'm gonna do monkey themed I
think I will what do you want to do
knows do we should do like 1950s
aviation like old airplanes yeah I'm
probably any money what is he keep
chewing on he keeps peeking at oh wow
see something his mouth are you just
messing with oh oh I helped what dinner
I got out always really sharp I know
they're really sharp there's something
in there I felt a little bump can you
not chew on my finger please maybe I
should dig in there it's funny yeah
what's in there no no it's so we're
gonna hug it I'm really I'm thinking I'm
gonna do like a real Pinterest eat I
birthday so like really cutesy craps and
stuff like that but if I'm gonna do it I
better get started no everyday spending
party and we're hoping to get a house
with a pool in it before his birthday
yeah so we can have it there that would
be really really cool so if that ends up
happening then it'll be it'll make her
like hear him like he can like wear swim
trunks and we can have like the fishies
and sharks yeah that's actually good
idea yeah totally so I don't know we
haven't really excited exact what we're
doing but I'm excited I'm gonna start
really going after Pinterest so if you
guys have any like cute little ideas
that you find on Pinterest you know
either put them in the comments or tweet
them to me or whatever and I'll start
checking out stuff I know I just want to
do like cutesy craftsy kind of thing
I'll probably incorporate the monkey
because I just love monkeys and I'll
probably be on them
monkeys are just make everything better
it's bathtime I always what are you
doing don't plug it he always wants to
unplug the bath because I think he likes
when that turns on he like puts his head
under it basically yeah this kid loves a
little water so much now that we're like
Donald vacation and we have like a while
at the house before VidCon essentially
he's sort of back in his schedule more
which is good because he's happier baby
when he's on a schedule ha you get
cranky don't you don't you lie to me
like no no I don't dad no I don't
Ollie is asleep look at that precious
little baby have you smelled your
flowers you smell amazing babe gonna get
some Mario Kart going huh honey
Wow I actually have to add it tonight
sorry on your face still into Pretty
Little Liars huh yes she buys it on
iTunes now the only way to get it I've
been watching that and I really like it
I don't like to talk about it you said
people like to tell me the ending and I
do
someone Oh someone gave it away on my
season scram it was a very bad day it's
okay that person can no longer you can
see me yeah if you if you give away
spoilers
Missy's like block you ain't doing that
you can't mess mess with it no I would
do that that's just that's me
it's mean it really is just mean they
told me that Andy and I was like they
don't know doctor and that is happy that
is unfolding like I'm so mad so you
normally talk about that much but I do
watch it and I really like it so we're
gonna go ahead and today's vlog but if
you enjoyed it you can always click that
thumbs up button and if you want to
subscribe to our videos we put about
video every single days you can watch us
every single day you can see
all he was growing up he's gonna be
heroes and bring yeah anyway hope you
guys enjoyed a lot we'll see you
tomorrow bye so because he's all out and
I'm buying the same Seth I've gotten
said maybe things he brought him home
like maybe we should try the raw shea
chamomile and argue well like a
different one but this just smells like
my baby like I smell him like it's true
this what you smell like it is true you
smell exactly like all of them Marilla
baby head to toe wash and shampoo with
our kado and Shea bus so how can I
change it cuz this is what he's
