hey guys guess what today is the day you
let me eat your brains no zombie it's
moving day this is our Sun baby
the boys do amazing things we just got
to the new house and he's ready for a
nap on babycakes
oh so tired heads hasn't even had a nap
today and it's already time is it it's
already 1:15 no Nats this abuse oh it's
okay hey babe
our room is purple mm-hmm it's a problem
yep our room is bright purple so that's
a thing we are in our house right here
just this you know you guys know that
we've been so used to living in like one
room for how long now then how we lived
in one room well at least three years is
helpful yeah three years and now we have
an actual house you guys I'm like
freaking out this is our bathroom and we
got a big ol mirror here from me or
selfies big ol walk-in closet okay so
you guys is there some crazy but we have
a five bedroom house like when you start
filling these rooms with kids Missy put
a kid here we could put a kid here could
put a kid here right look at this
bathroom came with did you see this
bathroom came with an architectural
digest
Oh funny just in case you wanted to
ideas if you'd like my ideas make this
house better decorating and whatnot so
we are upstairs right now
Oh Holly what are you doing you watching
him he's exploring the new house along
with us we are walking downstairs and we
can put a kid in this room or we can use
this as my actually this is like the
coolest room of the house think this is
gonna be my office and I want to put I
know I want to put chalkboard wall right
there one day we dope
totally awesome this is a sitting room
area we'll probably I don't forget like
nice sitting yeah we'll probably make it
a play area for Olli put his toys and
like his little thing totes and then
living room so we're the big spot for
the TV we'll go it's where we'll sit our
butts and play video games and film
videos this is the kitchen
still gotta bring the fridge in but we
went shopping a bit oh goodness
yeah totally okay - and I love I love
this little like bar things we can get
like bar stools yeah there's even like
lots of space down here ooh
mrs. nerding out about cabinets you guys
yeah yeah the best part of it all
oh and that being G oh my gosh wait why
didn't you do that that would have been
awesome but I really would have but I
have nothing else to it so freaking
beautiful right like the best I honestly
am kind of in disbelief it doesn't all
feel real does it feel real to you Missy
really oh my god it feels amazing
temperature actually we should check it
cuz our bills probably wrap it up oh
that's nice and there is a really cool
orange dragonfly flying around our
backyard right now just to he's just
like flat I've seen him like four times
yeah there's like lights up here we can
have like hawaiian pardoning parties
potted up in the physics house and we
also have a spa a freaking jacuzzi like
yeah and all of our room is gonna be
right there so we'll have him in the on
the monitor and we'll be sitting here
with our little money okay so I've been
here now for like two or three hours and
I feel like I haven't even gotten a
chance to like really let it sink in but
I've been like doing other things I feel
like I've been like how do you guys you
guys like realize that this is our house
yeah look at you and Alec and you want
emic yeah this is amazing you guys I
feel so blessed but also like completely
overwhelmed a lot to do we have a lot of
painting to do yeah we're gonna paint
yeah it is a rental and obviously most
people just live in a rental but we're
going to make it our home and we're
gonna make it look nice yeah we're gonna
check out some parks in the area so we
can take these beautiful mission
Missy's nerding out right now yeah okay
so the colors for our kitchen are going
to be like this blue and like a red and
like pink like really like look right
like light colors right like yeah like
this and this yeah this is really
excited I'm gonna make dinner
uncle swimmy yes we can all right we got
to celebrate the new house and how do we
celebrate you jump in the pool oh fuck
and feels amazing oh my gosh babe Oh her
thing it's our ball it's nice like yep
you know yeah up to my neck and look we
got we actually have seating over there
yeah but I took it down yeah we didn't
want it all right let's do this kasi oh
I need to get in should I should I get
my hair wet
yes jump in go go in the water baby
feels really nice
oh you like it it'll be good so Cassie
is not officially going to be living
with us but we have Oliver and a pool
social probably visiting a lot right
yeah it's basically gonna be here all
the time and she just got her license so
she can basically just drive her butt
over here anytime she wants okay
this is like paradise you guys this is
insane look at I got a freaking
waterfall in my backyard right now
that's a freaking water flies with that
it's that's amazing
we just got out of the pool and always
taking a nap actually in his in one of
the rooms just like one of the darker
rooms and I've been cleaning like crazy
actually just mopped this floor even
though like it was probably clean I just
feel like I want to be clean everything
to like my standards you know it's clean
yeah you did
exactly Jimmy and Brian are working on
getting the fridge in here which
hopefully they can figure that out
because it's really big and we have a
little door so hopefully they can get in
here he's up I'm sorry
hi baby I'm sorry I thought you were
asleep
like what the heck guys I know I didn't
have a monitor so I was like uh I'm just
laying here for a little bit and you
took a nice long nap
you need a better mood now yeah right
we're going to dinner but my phone is
completely dead and I people I actually
need to call all of our phones yeah oh
yeah so I'm charging my phone in my car
but it will only charge if the car is on
so this is what we're doing we're
leaving the car on okay I manually
locked them I have the keys in my pocket
and Missy you can't lock it on the
inside with the door open yeah so Missy
locked it inside roll down the window
crawl down the window and now we're
going to
they please be careful please be careful
oh my god oh my god you're done you're
done you're done get your wits gear and
it's locked so don't touch that
nope okay so it's it's locked it's
running on and it's charging our phone
let's go to do a little our car is way
too smart this is all he's a very first
meal that we've ever ordered him at a
restaurant and let me who's already
eaten it oli get some chicken we got
some chicken and four inches and I got a
burnin love burger which is amazing
Carly you want some orange lay on some
oranges just a little bite oh man we
just stuffed our faces after a very long
busy day I actually have a still a ton
to do so we're actually gonna go ahead
and end the vlog but be sure to check
out my summer lookbook it's I think it's
like my first lookbook for myself and
I'm kind of really excited about it and
also nervous about it was supposed to go
up last Friday but VidCon just kind of
got in the way so it's up to right now
go check it out go watch it if you
haven't seen the season 2 preview of all
these new show look who's vlogging go
check it out because there's a new
character and it's pretty singing
awesome so links are below give this
video a thumbs up because we are going
through some pretty awesome new
adventures we've got a new house and
there's gonna be some really cool things
going on thumbs up the video if you
enjoyed it and
tomorrow so happy oh yeah happy was
inseparable
kasia's pass through driving tests and
has a driver's license now Oh
