hey buddy he's just now waking up
today's a big travel day you ready we're
going home this is our son baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things you
looking for mommy
he's probably looking for mommy huh ha
ha yeah we just get him everything ready
and packed up so we can head home I'm
gonna head to the airport
mommy's got your clothes out for ya
you're gonna wear mommy's tough-guy
shirt today okay heya tells me you have
to give us our baby oh he has to come
with it look he's like waving he's like
bye oh we probably waving white a max I
don't think you guys ever got to see max
he's a good little puppy we cuddled we
had fun
bye max oh and oli left in two but yeah
we're saying goodbye thank you for
opening your beautiful home to us we had
a blast
oh he'll just have to stay here sorry
second Isaac care of it we're off to the
airport and we are sort of racing oh uh
in a way we are because we have two
hours babe moving out in half okay now
I'm huh
yesterday ollie was starting to get
really sick huge just like we literally
had all these plans to go hang out and
Boise and just have a great day but
there was no way that was happening we
were kind of waiting till after his nap
if he would like feel better and he took
a super long nap and you woke up just
miserable and so there was just no way
we were going to be able to leave and
then he slept terrible last night and so
I let him sleep it as long as
one says like oh my gosh we're going to
be traveling all day he needs his sleep
as much as possible so he actually woke
up in a pretty good mood but he
definitely isn't feeling good and I can
hear a little cough from him and yeah I
think so too so that is like a really
bummer especially when we're traveling
all day could be like home sick when I
was kicked when I was a kid I would get
like homesick flu symptoms and I would
throw up and be like a key--and like the
flu anyways we were on to the airport
and we are super bummed because Brian's
sister and his mom did not get a chance
to say goodbye and they're kind of just
stuck in Emmett sort of and so kind of
sucks but you know luckily we always
have FaceTime and all that we're trying
to race because we have one hour and a
half and we still have to return this
car really gonna miss this car I know
it's been really nice nice it's really
big and comfortable and like screaming
oh you okay buddy Killick he's gonna
answer are you okay yeah okay yeah
that's really sucks and we don't have a
mirror usually we have a mirror and I
don't know how anyone lives without a
mirror to look at your child I feel like
he's choking right now and I don't even
know I'm gonna go check on it continuing
our weird art at airport here is another
beauty at the Boise Airport I think has
something to do with the Special
Olympics but also maybe something to do
with like the American Indians anyway
let's go okay so I'm uploading the vlog
these are seriously the download speeds
were working with so should work pretty
well
oh my gosh it's almost done yeah I love
you too I just want to give you a chance
to say bye oh good bye can you wave wave
to him mommy wait he may wave back
oh can you way
hi Emma
you just learned how to take these off
so alright guys we're getting to leave
boy see how it's getting some breakfast
in and he actually seemed a little tired
so maybe he'll actually amazing actually
falsely ID'd amazing it's not go longer
fight yeah cuz next one
like grabs it and you like tickles this
space
oh my goodness this is fun fun yeah
alright cutie-patootie you ready yeah as
father saying oli hasn't even said happy
Father's Day
oh how rude
a happy Thursday
that look was basically a happy Jenna I
may accept that yeah I love you right
here I got it buckled in and feeding it
on here
yeah I just made scrambled egg this
morning for him
while you would do this the entire
flight I doubt it will last city anyone
in five more minutes all right we got TV
going we set up the 3d theater
it's like LITTLEST PET SHOP I don't
think he's ever watch this sound
is there much TV
making that lots of colors
wait
amazing cuz you can watch TV
I can't go on Twitter
where's Holly if there is where's Allie
dick where's Holly
where is he we have landed in Las Vegas
and we were early and her next flight is
delayed so we're here for three hours
yeah we're hoping he sleeps and we're
gonna go grab some food and maybe gamble
bet huh my sister always wins in the
airport and I've heard the airport it's
actually the worst place to gamble
Airport got that Jersey max is just like
perfect but I always hate eating like
fried food or like greasy food so this
is like much better yeah I'm working and
when like the next flight the run is
this full so we're it's gonna be tight
all these asleep we literally laid it
down and like took turns rocking this
back in poker and like watched him fall
asleep so we got a couple hours here so
hopefully he gets some much-needed rest
I'm going to turn this $20 bill into a
piece of paper that says $100 do it the
silly thing about Las Vegas Airport is
that even though Bryan's playing right
now I'm not allowed to stand here and
fold I got this guy huh so I guess
because obviously he's not 21 he's not
even allowed to like stand around the
area that people are gambling at so I'm
trying to kill time but I'm also trying
to watch Brian see if he wins anything
she took over my last couple of credits
yeah we pretty much lost all our money
but good thing it was only 20 20 bucks
but that's fun
you don't realize babe they have
blackjack on there too
blackjack I know we just got playing
video poker but um that was fun despite
losing $20 yeah in 15 minutes
airplane and then we are home free
I'm pretty good huh good with that
better everything
we're taking off
it's really excited there's Vegas one
day to enjoy that city
let's call Shotgun
got to land buddy are you doing
Breeden SkyMall
I'm a boy Oh Oh careful happy Father's
Day presents this is your Father's Day
present you see that I have like like
check out my corn it's like six feet
tall it blew up dad and look at this um
tomato look at this look at this look at
this what it's huge my dad even hook the
string do it to keep it up he's kind of
silly like that it's going crazy it's
going down and we've got a little flower
in there which is I think our squashes
squash Oh cucumber and it's washed over
there it's like really starting to grow
wait you think I missed you boy hey miss
you don't love you say did you just pick
it Richard oh you want me throw it
bathtime it's back to normal routines
and daily life I got the camera hang on
and you guys okay all he wants to sweep
the floor we got to unpack get things
situated having bath toys cuz I feel
like it's important for him to have to
say
yeah like remind them of his back that
pony yeah totes anyways yeah we're gonna
get this kid into a bath so I'm gonna go
ahead and end today's vlog but hey I
hope that you guys enjoyed it if you did
click the thumbs up button and if you
guys have not seen the collab that we
did with a puddle yet you have to go
check it out everyone is dying of
laughter because a so freakin funny and
I think it just passed a thousand thumbs
up so you guys should try and get 2,000
thumbs up for a puddle because his
family is awesome there's so much fun
he's super talented and it was really
awesome to get to hang out with them
definitely go check that out I'll have a
link below in the description thank you
guys for watching and we'll see you
tomorrow
gonna be so happy to be in his bath
again alright let's see them all
