good morning guys I'm actually doing my
hair and all he's spending a little bit
of time with that out but he keeps
sending me these adorable pictures that
I'm gonna show you guys what's going on
you just fell asleep in my own toy he
actually fell asleep sitting on top of
me I think he's been partying too hard
this vacation this is Sunday be
boys basically do amazing things
I only never fall asleep with Brian cuz
he's usually with me like nursing and
stuff and so the Cisco is this pretty
cute
keep sending me cute little pictures he
sent me that while he was in there it's
like and I think he's Philippe hey guys
so this morning was a kind of a rough
one
you guys remember how I got a sandwich
from that side of each place yesterday
well I ended up only eating half of it
because it was a pretty big sandwich and
then I stored the rest of it in the
stroller all day and I thought it'd be
fine
because it wasn't high at all it was
actually a very cool day and then we got
home and I had it in the fridge and I
was editing and I was hungry cuz I
normally got hungry when I edit and so I
ate the rest of sandwich and I had my
doubts about what would be good or not
but it definitely was not good because
all night I was just in so much pain
with my stomach and it all had to come
out of me well I pretty much spent the
morning puking so it's not fun I think I
finally got it all out of my system and
so this morning we're actually supposed
to meet --hi Patil for breakfast and
then we're gonna go film in his house
and I was totally looking forward to
that but we missed it so I had to like
sort of relax and get it all on my
system but now I did and so we're headed
over his house and we're gonna go from a
really really fun collab so when she's
just getting Molly situated and then
we're gonna head off and see if we can
find some food on the way hey hey buddy
can you walk down the stairs what are
you doing Kyle doesn't he'll will he
walk by hosing oh ok buddy
all right never at eat bottles house if
you guys don't know I'm will have a link
below the quickest eat right really
anything in each village
really good watermelon well you guys
like Darren Erik never gets to work with
with adults yeah direction
nice yeah does anybody good dog yeah
I'll take a bite you can feed me it I'll
give it to you go there's a lon hey well
you got we're at beep I'll eat
we'll have them linked below but we're
doing a video which I think will be up
tomorrow right absolutely
it's give me really hilarious so you
guys have to check it out a little small
behind the scenes right now this is
Barry hey hi is quite a character and
quite hilarious she's keeping Ollie and
us very entertained hon dude what do you
think okay yeah he's gonna give you a
hug Oh what who's that is that an
elephant would you what do you have that
for this is when I go to school Oh see
every look does it have a name but just
le oh you knew what's been your favorite
idea it's already which one's your
favorite which one's your favorite leg
that one that's a good one
he likes to hold it all night oh that's
like you it's your back to you rate
alright guys so that is a wrap okay
who's the white what she's about the pop
right any day any day she was actually
having a mom she was actually having a
ton of contractions last night we were
like oh crap
she's gonna have a baby and we're not
gonna get to even meet up with these
guys but totally worked out go check him
out youtube.com slash epod 'l will have
them linked below if you guys check the
description he'll have actually the
video we just shot
which is hilarious up so I'll have a
link below go check it out click the
thumbs up button and tell us what your
favorite part is because there's a
really funny scene oh man I don't know
is this like unlike any other video
you've really done ya know any I'm
number Oh disaster disaster I've never
had to do a video that's required
blurring yet yeah there's definitely
gonna be some blur Ã¤j--
going on so should be pretty interesting
this should be a good set and like
you've got a you got a stage grip right
here yeah thanks
thanks huh oh but double is style way
okay you guys have some cool kids just
left and oh my gosh we had such a great
time with them and the video is gonna be
so funny it was really actually this one
scene that is really embarrassing that I
filmed and it was just funny cuz it's
like the first time I met him and all of
a sudden I'm like doing things okay
don't go away it's gonna be really good
so it's actually link below so make sure
you check it out I think we said that
like a bazillion times but anyways look
O'Brien Scott I just got a Dutch rose
they don't have these in Cali I used to
be so addicted very mom's these days
Snickers Dutch fries I don't remember
them having when I used to get them all
time I still got something
palliation you might actually like this
alright just try it it's got really good
coffee right it's like a lot of coffee
right I don't think so
just try it
it's really karma LeeAnn peanutty very
comfy
oh it's here you remember Jared hello
welcome to my home come on in people are
yelling please come in thank you this
isn't really like it's like a Brian
sandwich
he's fine he don't care okay you're so
happy anything anyways yet he serves
like mama dada I spread it it sounds
like you're saying what's that yeah so
if you guys don't know Jared and
Rochelle are the ones who actually wrote
all of our song which I'll have link
below if you guys haven't watched it but
it's basically like our theme song
yes like we hear every time you watch
our video yeah every single time these
two geniuses are responsible for that
and they've never met oli before oh you
really are a miracle in the making
yeah wish you guys had your guitars so
bad so you can like seem to him he would
freak out mmm Chelsea has a guitar
upstairs tell sir
he's kind of shaking he doesn't use
shakes us out a lot when he hears music
I also want to remind you guys that if
you want to buy all of our song it is on
iTunes I'll have that link below as well
so check it out
it's God here's what's wrong I think
that I have a donut problem okay I don't
actually have a donut problem just cuz I
have lots of donuts now but uh yeah this
happened I went to Krispy Kreme cuz it
was on the way to get dinner and I was
like I need two dozen donuts
so I'll us and all our friends ate some
donuts these are my favorite you guys
the chocolate glazed mmm so good anyway
Missy is putting oli to bed we gave him
some medicine and he felt a little
better it was cool seeing Jared and
Rochelle again and I think they're
actually gonna work on like a theme song
2.0 for you guys so that we can put
something out different when oli turns
one so right now we're just chillin
watching the Shaytards hey you guys
haven't seen this guy at all but this is
actually Chelsea's husband his name is
Adam and he's a big boy hey this is Adam
he really wants to be in the vlog so
really then really bad to say nice
things about him in the comments right
now it's based on his face just predict
his entire personality this is the
closest we've been all weekend Adam all
weekend I think we're doing a friendship
now what he looks so uncomfortable but I
he's rocking the Boise State you know I
actually had Boise State haters in the
comments the other day they were they're
not quite my house what do they call the
Vandals were all like Dai BSU cuz I
don't know why there's no rivalry
anymore this they actually had to
officially end the rivalry because it
was getting ugly right that's what
happened and I mean we're clearly better
have a blue field anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog click thumbs up if
you did and do it and uh comment nice
things and see you okay bye
