bum-bum-bum that's pretty much like the
saddest thing in the world right Chelsea
oh yeah look at no hair can you do it
can she do it can she do it this is our
son baby this is our boy is gonna do
amazing things that's pretty good kind
of yeah that's weird
that's fine good morning guys so if you
didn't know I'm staying at my buddy
Chelsea's house we met in church no my
space my baby something like that a long
time ago I was like high school yeah
that's so funny
so she's making us waffles which look
amazing and very good check it out okay
yeah those look good I like my bacon
kind of soft and macey light and crispy
so you pretty much did amazing yeah just
scrambled up some egg yolks for Olli so
he cited no enzymes I needed that nummy
got some Nana's and blueberry look at
this well balanced nutritional meal some
bananas not even gonna feed in the
packet there you go job buddy how do you
sleep last night always like Four Tops
oh that's good we were pretty freakin
exhausted my Fitbit said we slept for
like eight hours so and I didn't wake up
once yeah good morning buddy good
movement you didn't wake up one I'm
about to get ready and look at what I
got on my shirt that's poop I think
that's definitely hashtag dad life right
there for ya he just got ollie down for
his and first nap which is nice because
yesterday was kind of a nightmare but we
had a delicious breakfast thanks to
Chelsea I literally
like a ton she also made like a ton
making so anyways I ate a lot of it and
now we're actually watching a sprinkle
glitter and bits and Clips meet I've
been dying to watch this and they've
been putting them out like for like a
few days now and I haven't had a chance
to watch it so I've been kind of watch
that so I thought you know what we are
it's not necessarily a hotel tour but I
thought I'd give you a little house tour
because first of all Chelsea's house is
adorable and she does a lot of really
cool things with it Hilary to tell you
that off the tit of four sofas from Ikea
are you guys I've wanted these so bad
one of them so bad but Missy did not
like them in the store okay they were
nothing like this in the store no I
really do like them actually go ahead
and do like a little house tour telling
you right now and you would never find
something like this in California
because it's just got so much character
but it's like so modern and cute so
anyways here's the front door it's not
very present yeah nor defender mmm um
okay so living room lands right here
first thing so let's show oh look at
this this is cool where'd you get the
set oh my husband got it for me for my
birthday oh this is really recent though
oh cool I have one record and it is
dirty dancing hey we're getting
somewhere
looks like something you get a Hobby
Lobby yeah it is yeah actually have
these things for Hobby Lobby welcome
friends it's got like pictures from her
wedding that's her husband right there
right that's him yeah got like a little
door here makes it more chic and these
are them at their wedding on their
wedding day this is like something you
would make yeah my cousin had a shop
that she just made a bunch of like
things that you'd see on Pinterest my
life so I bought them instead of making
them myself
including this ooh hey this is also from
Ikea which is really nice
my hands all these things I might be
copying your whole house that's fine and
everything yeah pretty good
this is the kitchen which is super cool
I love people like my house we're
staying over here so this is our bedroom
that we're staying in which is super
nice and super cozy and cute and then
all he's sleeping in here great let's
finish the house tour super cute little
house I'm not being followed by Chelsea
don't get ollie cuz he just Punk so cute
when he winds up good morning hey buddy
so happy he is so happy changer
dangerous maybe he's a hipster look at
this cool mustache blanket way yeah I
got that awesome
you ready to go to in it yeah he's like
wait who are you yeah all like it's like
his own room and everything kind of nice
where's Holly dude what are you doing
under there buddy
we got to go yeah yeah let's go get your
shoes on we are headed into our hometown
oh don't say that
don't say you were headed back to where
we grew high school my high school and
it is excited we've got Tuffy and
Beverly and her guy and Oliver Ricardo
we're going down freeze-out Hill and
it's
you go down here and then as soon as you
turn this corner you see this big old
green city Emmett Idaho here is Emmett
all right so I'm gonna zoom into our
high school yeah this is the high school
we went to you see the whole two round
big bumps right there that is what you
would call Dolly Parton high school
everything Thanks in this in this little
Valley yeah this I'm in it
yes very mad before your mommy and daddy
met
Nakul yep yeah yeah and then we moved
haha I show you where me and my family
first moved we moved into Emmett this
little green house and my brains
initials are there I bet the tree still
there it in I'm jumping in bases up in
the canals um cuz that's what was fun to
do look it's some a Main Street of like
downtown Jiali bro sorry ninety one side
of the card foot it is the cutest little
town like the cute little Main Street
this is what soul my family look there's
a theater there playing spider-man -
that's pretty good
this is like the best of Delhi you guys
look at the little puppy hi baby girl
this dog just sits outside this deli
that's like what you find here in Emmett
you know pick it and jam out on the
piano
Oh
he's dancing for real all right we have
to stop at romance got some food Missy
got ice cream cone - yeah yeah it's
pretty famous it's kind of like a staple
right when you come in to ma scotch and
Soda yeah at really kind you like order
your drink from this phone right yeah hi
Blythe are you all these biggest fan no
don't cry
Oh Ollie look over here he's so
fascinated with this giant cherry ah all
right guys we are here in edit and we're
at the Cherry Festival finally so what's
going on here hey you know what's going
on right so anyways here's my friend
Jessica this is where it all started yo
I met her and Emmett we were both
homeschooled and then we convinced our
parents to let us go to school and then
we met this guy no and then I came into
the picture yeah I remember
look Missy and I actually this got in
the canal for an hour trying to think of
ways to let us go to public this is
where I met Missy for the first time
right so yes friends - Jess men are our
friends and we're and we're talking and
I'm filming the deals
that's the only thing I'm like
oh yeah with magic and then you came
over and I was like hey how come you're
not hang out your friend your kitchen or
your boyfriend's I've been like your
bread how am I just clear up that Missy
was like I was just doing my own thing
but really we have and I called you out
were and you hated me and I was like
you're rude and then we got engaged two
years later on especially on this day
you guys June 13 that carry five euros
it it was six years ago today that
yeah I got engaged okay
ride a the 13 we met here with a Friday
the 13th city I think he proposed me on
Friday the 13th like the most unluckiest
a beautiful memo no never get me all
hanging down Holly Tom who's that it was
so cute thank you
here we go guys Ali's riding a pony
right now you guys this is actually
happening his first pony ride
and I was trying to pet them
like do it one-handed
like why'd it stop moving
yeah that was so cheap do you love that
huh it's like his little pony at home
ago I my little ponies are like Chinamen
yeah oh my God look at her standing up
at all he is very upset because we
thought he was gonna be able to ride
like the little kid rights that they
have here but he can't write nothing
Missy and her friend Jessica are gonna
ride this thing now who's up there is
that mommy
uh-huh that just made it more mad thank
you have fun
okay you guys my crazy wife is on this
ride right now
hahahahahaha
all right guys we're heading on the
Alibaba and no that is not the genie
from Aladdin thank you so much I think
money's falling out of my pocket call
Ian get ready to leave pretty soon here
but so you're really finally hanging out
and seeing all our old friends and doing
all the cool stuff with all in all that
did a photo button Ollie's looking all
cute and it has like a little thing so
you can attach it to things look at our
photo bottom
yeah everyone
now look what we got a up front
he's already chewed on my this is a
weird looking for are no cute I wanna
be's haha all he wants it you're not
going to give it to him
believing the festival but we thought we
would go down Maple Street I know all
he's excited and show you guys the very
first house that Missy and I ever lived
in together look at this cute little
house you guys
uh-oh see we planted that tree right
next to the stoop that was us another
yeah we lost wheat when we live there
the lawn looks really good we made it
look really good outside really cute we
even planted like things and immediately
yeah but we actually used to live in
this house you guys you don't like it I
think you go
oh we're headed back to Chelsea's and we
are so exhausted and sure this guy it's
gotta watch Katy Perry that is the
ultimate backup I actually did put out a
video today I was totally shocked and
obviously we just been traveling stuff
did you have five things that I would
tell my pregnant self so if you haven't
washed it I'll have it linked below go
check it out because it's kind of
interesting cuz we go ahead and end the
vlog thumbs up this video if you liked
it and we'll see you guys tomorrow is
it'll be like a little Joey bouncing
around a kangaroo sexy we don't miss it
don't hold it first right these things
are always cool
