Holly are you ready oh he fell look at
all you guys he is totes ready for
raging waters not running Springs I keep
saying wrong spring because that's what
they have in Idaho but it's not even a
little bit like growing school like it
but it's my joke said it was nothing
like it is nothing like it when you're
our raging waters right when you want to
raise the raging waters you'd be like
what is this hey Ollie I don't think
you're allowed to bring guns into the
the waterpark so gonna have to take that
from you please I have to take that I
mean just give me this give me that give
me the gun just give me the gun say no
to guns people this is our son baby
these are boys he's gonna do amazing
things and the GoPro ready it's all
charged up just got to get this little
memory card in here so hopefully we can
get some really awesome shots at raging
waters basically I've never been to
raging waters so if you've never been to
raging waters then you're basically
gonna get to go today with us but yeah
water parks are fun no matter how big
they are see like I grew up going to
Roaring Springs it was a little water
park in Idaho and it was like the
coolest thing in the world cuz you can
just go and cool off and ride rides and
we spoke about doing this ahh hey guys
hey guys I'm so excited we are off to
raging waters and it's a corporation
okay their day that's not that's
basically us you guys don't really get
to see the outside of our carbon brush
yeah we head region waters and I'm super
excited because he used to go to raging
waters every single year actually for
free because it was like my dad company
picnic and so they would rent out the
entire raging waters and only like
people at his company would go to it and
so it'd be like no lines it'd be free
food free drinks free ice cream
sandwiches so we'd always have like I
sandwich eating contest we move back
here and we just haven't been yet so I'm
so excited
Brian's never been which I'm really
excited about excited I just love doing
things when Brian hasn't done them yet
we had like a little bit of scare there
because my sister woke up sick and she
was it's actually for her birthday she's
turning 17 years old so make sure you
say honey birthday to her in the common
release tomorrow
yeah and we're actually headed to VidCon
tomorrow so we decided to go to my
daughter's for her birthday I'm excited
for all because this is going to be just
water and it's fun and he's going to
really enjoy it
he's starting to wave like this now yeah
I wax I was waving at him like this and
he put up his head hey there's raging
waters just kidding that's just the lake
there she blows a car behind me is like
why going so slow that's so cool
welcome to raging waters we made it and
luckily oli is taking a nap so you got
in a little nap before we go so
hopefully that'll hold him over for the
day because I don't be doing much
sleeping what are they doing to you they
put and stuff all over you buddy he's
getting all ready to go out and son
we're almost already wearing our little
cup Diana here which is actually pretty
nice and we're right by the Little
Dipper so it's for like kids and stuff
and it's got like a cool little Park
over there and this is like half of the
park I guess the other half like way
over there too so we're gonna have some
fun you guys
what
so cool
water feels really nice
feels good huh they got a little
waterfall over there how to dunk my head
it is
so much
Oh
he's not used all the water thanks to
remember time we got Olly in a little
light fest it look how happy you look it
reeks cheeks go up salvation super cute
we all got tubes are we good now for the
moment of truth
how do I get in this thing oh this is
nice
alright guys Missy and I are headed to
the high extreme look at this thing it's
like 14 flights of stairs that is one
crazy to be rad
a lot of fun a big strong care
electronic look at this family you guys
fulfilling their dream of being a hot
dog family hi you look yummy with a
little mustard on you look at this you
guys volcano fantasies the volcano we
went on that ride all the way up there
got a big wave pool right here we're
just like splashes wave so now we're
gonna watch Cassie and Missy race it out
on the lily pads
there they go go babe
go babe you got this
they're actually doing pretty good
ah
uh two times in one day costume fit job
guys that was like one minute you did
good you doing god I feel like jello you
do we have to do it now
there they are Jimmy Emma and Brian
who's gonna win all right he's gonna win
it could get hard
Jimmy is crazy
my brother sister and dad and Brian are
all on it and they like slider cause
it's like crazy so I think they're gonna
come down any minute
Oh Brian's got the GoPro that's fun oh
look at this you guys this is a ride
called dragon's dead I think it's
basically like a giant toilet bowl yeah
this one looks cool okay here we go
we have been having such a good time
haven't you Babbitt have you been having
a good time wouldn't you want to play in
the water he's got these little swim
diapers on I'm because I normally have
them in like the cloth diapers but if he
were to like poo
then I mean I weigh out of a diaper so
these make it so I can use them all day
long so obviously he's gonna be swimming
all day he his little swim towards
autumn right now but that's - father and
Jimmy and my dad and sister all off to a
ride that only four people can go on so
we've been kind of switching through so
that we all can ride leave I'm gonna
take all the way into the water over
here and let them splash around are you
doing
Hey
check this out there's water coming down
here these colors these stairs you slide
and this is what Oliver is interested in
what's interesting over here oh the Rope
oh that yeah that's good he's really
into weird detail
I was good
are we gonna get what just a little bit
just route this one Neptune's fury there
is up there with his little mistress
mermaid looking all tough
there was one casualty though my glass
is cracked pretty done I can't believe
how long is the velocity actually Missy
it's so wrong right now just kidding
this is her star wrong
Sauron you rockin it babe yeah it's good
I actually changed I feel so much better
being out of all my wet clothes mask
cream mother truckers I was gonna get
the large but I'm just really not that
hungry
Missy spotted my ice cream you're in my
rocky road see that's how you do it I
get that kind that she does not like and
then hey hey that's my cold are you guys
both really doing this I'm freaked out
I'm not scared you can do it I kept
hearing it like talking about things
you want to not good
of course it's good it's ice cream it's
this little dippin dot ice cream which
actually it's like perfect ice cream for
little kids I mean it isn't like one of
his first taste of ice cream yeah it is
his first case
I saw four
and you chickened out skiing doing it no
girls in line and I watched little kids
like fly up and hit that wall do you
have fun your first time raking waters
my first time too it was both of our
first times at raging waters you guys
just getting everything ready to go but
anyway I'm gonna go ahead and end the
vlog we got a long drive home and then
we're going to get situated for VidCon
if you guys are going to be there make
sure you go to our Meetup I'll have the
links below so you can check it out
thank you guys for watching and we'll
see you tomorrow once they buy we just
took him inside this car seat he's human
so tired didn't get a long day yes he
did or he seriously if Brian was
strapping him in he was like couldn't
keep his eyes up good night baby
say it'll go away and that's a wrap
this is feet are pretty much feeling at
this point now we need tacos tacos it's
Taco Tuesday
yo baby water will be able to go on
anything look how small he is he's quite
small
