what is going on here Missy what are you
doing no we're talking about we just got
back from vacation why are the world are
you packing leaving tomorrow this is our
son baby he's our boy he's gonna do
amazing things for real ski girl I
thought that was a joke I thought that
was a whole joke where we leave for two
days spend time in Disneyland then come
back and we're actually leaving again
who does that we do crazy crazy people
do that you guys what up hi guys we're
starting the vlog we're gonna OD it
today just because this is all going on
apparently apparently we're leaving on a
little trip is that what you said yeah
today we're just trying to get
everything together and I had to do like
literally four loads wash dry and then
fold it all before I can actually start
packing so yes we have we basically you
unpacked and then washed everything in
our repack so oh and we did I check this
out you guys we got a new diaper bag
which is a backpack
actually his coconut water spilled all
over her old one and just reeks and it
was sitting in the car for a while too
so it kind of smells funky so yeah you
like this thing we literally like hunted
this thing down for Missy because she's
like I want this brand and now it's like
it but I'm gonna try and wash it but it
actually has a little gash in it so I'm
not sure if it'll make it through the
washer but for now we're using a
backhand which will probably be better
with my truck yeah I wondered this do
you guys have does anyone have a diaper
bag that's actually a backpack cuz it
has these cool little stroller clips
yeah like this it's kind of like straps
right on to our stroller and then if you
want to wear it you don't the like sling
it you can just wear like an own
backpack yeah I like it I mean I'm
interested in how I like it I mean it's
not like you ever really wore this on us
anyways we just put it straight under
the stroller yeah true dat true dat you
guys but yeah we're getting packed up
because we are going to Idaho I always
think of like my trailer park in Idaho
from that one movie with a girl from
scary movie the bunny she played a
Playboy bunny you got this you got that
she needs a job a job you got kicked out
of the Playboy Mansion House bunny
I win we do that all the time that
happens all the time literally guys it's
like trying to come up but yeah we are
getting to Idaho if y'all don't know
machine are from Idaho we both grew up
in a very small town just outside of
Boise we lived in Boise for the longest
time and so we're gonna go visit and
we're gonna see family and friends and
do the whole thing we're actually going
to be meeting at a little carnival that
Missy and I actually met at for the very
first time so maybe we'll be doing some
reenactments of our teenager selves all
he's excited to see where we met and
where we got engaged yeah we're gonna
try and show you guys some history so
we're going to show you like old houses
like Missy and I like we lived in this
little tiny house and it was so cute on
Maple Street and it was the cutest thing
ever so maybe we'll go by and show you
guys that yeah there's a cute little
house and those will just kind of show
you the town tanja it has a lot of
character we lived there but it has and
we basically hated it and couldn't wait
to get out but it has a lot of character
yeah but also obviously we love Boise
and actually I'm really bummed because
karma is a Boise dog he's was born and
raised in Boise and I'm gonna miss him
so much when we're there like it ever
like if you went back you'd be like oh I
know this place oh I know this place
yeah like you'd be so excited because
he's just he's like such a hippie dog
and this town is kind of like this
hippie town I don't know I just think
it'd be so much fun but he can't come
but he's been like that all day you guys
I have a theory that he thinks we're
still at Disneyland
cuz he still keeps like looking around
and like smiling and laughing
such a good mood mind in his eyes from
Disneyland like he's just like so much
more observant today he's like where are
all the fluffy talking animals yeah real
life yeah oh how come that doesn't think
yeah yeah Bri all over me
let me tell me what is in your mouth
uh-oh something in your mouth
thank you not something he's like I
would never tell oh whatever
um hey guys look what's here
it's my gizmo crate I have not done a
video on my channel I usually unbox
these and I honestly I know the last one
I did was last month and then I wanted
to put up another video in between but I
just couldn't and so then I was like
crap I can't do this one but I've been
holding it off and then we went to do
all these things just came up and so I'm
actually gonna unbox it for you guys
on today's channel if you guys don't
know this is a gadget and foodie box
it's really cool it's called gizmo crate
go check it out I'll have a link below
so you can check it out but you want to
help me film it she's got to be my
filmography hangout oh gosh okay no huh
I got it
okay so there's gonna be like cool I
don't there's cool gadget items that I
can take to Idaho and yeah we want some
of that really so dad don't throw a
minute okay sour patch kids extreme you
know they make these no extreme sour
sour I love salad - kids I'm gonna try
the hot sauce fan um let's see a scent
high sensitive stylus pen for iPad and
iPhone it's all purpley and glittery out
that come well that is interesting
um Bluetooth wireless mini headsets Wow
you remember in the office when pay yeah
it's pretty small that is yeah thanks
mom
let's go that's so fun okay what else we
got in here there's a lot of things in
this one yeah
Bluetooth remote shutter for your phone
so you can like set it up and how
taking a picture the button so that's
cool so you can like set your camera
down and then take it cell phone down
and yeah grab this and then - nah this
is like this boxes yeah I know you've
been dying to open this thing you know
look at this um oh I think this is one
of those um foam pads you put on your
car oh yeah probably want to know if
those work yeah like hold your phone so
it doesn't fall off yes whatever gonna
check out this and then okay this is
cool a solar charger nice look at that
that's a solar panel that's cool little
uh and I think it's got a seed you just
set it down
uh-huh he's like said oh my son you can
plug your stuff nice I have the USB
thing that's so cool ah it's like
climbing to climb down I feel like I
feel like this gizmo box was like the
best one yet and I haven't been able to
do like a proper review on it or
anything but this is cool this Bluetooth
wireless headset it's pretty dope and
this is cool and where's the candy candy
I'm here for the candy hey are you okay
kiddo hey you can put them in here spin
up my crap and no come here
can you really give me give me
Wow okay I know you're just gonna put
all this in your mouth like you do with
everything excuse me thank you get that
from up under your book so yeah go check
out um gizmo crate I'll have a link
below so you guys can check it out but
yeah one take mrs. reaching for the
camera so I want to talk to you your
turn um actually I just wanted to answer
the question you want to take care of
these cranes all right come here
um a lot of people asking if we're going
to do a meet-up while we're in Idaho and
we honestly are only going to be there a
couple days so we really don't have time
to do a official Meetup
so I'm really sorry to everyone who's
been asking we just we're literally only
gonna have enough time to just barely
meet everyone that we do want to meet um
but we are gonna be downtown
and we'll probably like make a little
announcement like hey we're gonna be
downtown come find us something like
that so if you live around there and
you're close by you know just watch our
Twitter and you might just say hey I'm
here yeah on temper-tantrum today so
anyways just keep watching our Twitter
and and then you know if we're around
downtown will probably just announce it
and you guys can come say hi but we're
not going to do like an official meetup
or anything like that Wow
mister you are showing your true side
let's our cue right here yep
alright guys that is all for our one
take today we are packing tire time it
tomorrow is going to be a lot of fun
we're going to be traveling and doing
coast our rope line we're leaving
California alright you guys thumbs up to
help us out and we'll see you tomorrow
bye
just got off the monorail and right now
Disneyland again we really actually
didn't think we were coming today
I know wait right we're going to pants
man we are gonna slice this one okay
we're actually really want to go at
California ventures but just up in
Tomorrowland so might just head out that
way
look it's Merida from brave that's like
one of your favorite huh you really like
the
