good morning guys Ali's in his
fun-in-the-sun romper and we're getting
ready to head out of the house today's
the day that we're meeting all the
family on my dad's side of the family so
my birth father who I just found we're
going to meet a ton of family members
I'm gonna find a spot on the beach sexy
wife where are you going
it's always one more thing with her this
is a Sunday me
he's my he's gonna do amazing things so
Brian had to run into the store do grabs
himself oh by the way good morning this
is like the first time I've been on
camera um but anyways brian has been
sorted time feeding all a little snack
and I was just looking at it I just
cannot believe how good he is at like
drinking out of this straw like he'll
just take it he just sits on his little
straw nice so cute I mean like I feel
like that's kind of a lot of kids don't
know how to do the whole sucking out of
a straw thing and he's just he seems so
little - no but he does really good with
it
hon dude let's show them your teeth
almost teeth you guys say there's one
that is four up there and two down there
that's a lot of teeth - but he's just
sucking on his coconut water hum baby Oh
what was that
and he's looking at himself in this
mirror we actually just moved this
mirror so he can see himself much better
and we can see him from up there so it's
really nice hon dude do you want to do
in are you eating yes MEAC you see it
let me see that snack you play with my
hair - hey sweetie Oh easy oh there it
is there it is it's this fully oh my
hair did you do the DVD did you oh is it
the dark hey guys Brian just bought this
bill it's just I got all kinds of
drinking arrows up water and of course
the essential Gatorade
gotta have my Gatorade always over your
protection story do play with your toys
good you guys we can actually see almost
his entire body
we're so silly like he's ten months old
and we just figured out how the stupid
mirror works but I don't think it's on
properly but as I was doing it wrong I
was like well maybe it works better and
it actually does so that way I was doing
it wasn't right it wasn't right you like
to make up things we're off to the beach
all right we found a spot we're here
with everyone and all these experience
in the ocean
feels good huh yeah so if you guys don't
remember this is my sister Jennifer look
at this little pool she's digging for
him
all right we are moving the masses and
we're gonna take a big family photo we
basically just been hanging out by the
beach by the fire we're gonna get the
fire nice big Suns going down give me
some more time but lots of work
look at all these peeps it's all my
family not crazy we're great
you
all right so we are playing hillbilly
golf you called it yeah whoo and as you
guys can tell my dad is very good at
this and oh nice
my sister's pretty good too watch out I
don't know where they're going far no
harder than that
ah
this is happening you guys made this
baller smart oh look at that now
basically just a hanging down at the
beach this place is so beautiful and
we're having a blast it's not a whole
lot like vlog we're really just sitting
around and eating and drinking and
talking and we're just waiting for it to
get dark and then we're gonna start a
bonfire and roast up some s'mores always
having fun - he's being passed around -
like all my different family members and
stuff and it's just cool because I met
my dad and now getting to meet like his
brothers who are my uncles and their
wives and my cousins it's like it's
really cool feeling you know knowing
that like I can just come down here at
the beach and hang out with my family
right by the water so pretty awesome day
so far I feel bad because my camera
battery's dead and Missy's battery is
flashing that it's dead - right now so
see what we can get okay you guys this
is my dad and I just gotta say props
that's my cousin by the way running the
background I just gotta say props to
this guy because if it wasn't I mean he
could have made a really weird Augie
situation but he made it into like a
really good one
so I just want say thank you for like
accepting us in your family I wished it
would have been sooner I know we had so
much fun today
taking Melissa hanging out with us golly
a hug oh wow ah
hey you guys think about Holly yes I do
he is I do by bug he was such a good boy
boy I love you she just loves all the
new attention he gets yeah you're gonna
be a Ladykiller Archer look I'm sorry
I'm so sorry and determine dry your
mouth you can't cause that you can all
right guys so we are in the car now
Ollie is like done it's pretty much past
his bedtime but I did want to say I've
been truck I so stupid cuz I didn't
change the battery in any of the cameras
so they're both dead right now I'm
vlogging on my phone which I've never
happened ever
I know and I'm just like I'm so against
this but I'm doing
I wanted to vlog with my dad and so I
was like trying to save as much battery
as possible but that I cut like right in
the middle I was like that but anyway uh
yeah we had a really really awesome day
and basically I'm just like I was
telling and props to him because I mean
it was a very weird awkward situation
and he turned it into like a really good
one and we had a really fun day and just
like I feel really blessed to like be
able to meet my whole family and like
hang out with them and just have like
this awesome day with them I'm so much
fun yeah I love the bonfire and what do
you think about my family are they're
crazy they are a lot of fun they're all
just awesome super nice friendly and
just awesome people so it's good but
yeah we have a very long drive ahead of
us so I'm gonna go ahead and end the
vlog now I know that it's kind of short
but today was just one of those days was
all the family but I hope you guys
understand hey click thumbs up if you
enjoyed today's vlog thank you guys for
watching and as always we will see you
tomorrow bunk
hey barn that last night was for ollie
that could also been his goodbye ok bye
you though
come here he wants that little animal
Hey
first shoes like I mean real shoes you
know yeah we find like she choose from
Carter's and they just never work
yeah
it
walking all around town yeah
straighten your leg come on walk like a
normal human whoa oh my god it's toasty
I just got in the car crank the air all
the way down whoo this water it's not
even hot yeah
yeah haha are you gonna get some brain
being
