good morning guys how about that hair
huh I will go like this yes
I will go like this this is our Sun baby
he's our boy do amazing things
good morning guys today is my morning to
get Oliver busy and I actually trade off
every other day so put into work is
there baby in here oh yeah there was a
baby in here with a kid out what are you
doing oh I woke up like this
I woke up like this I read him this book
last night just me and my dad it's all
about how I start and his dad go camping
and they catch fish and the Bears eat
their fish me and my dad so cute and
then um while I was actually putting him
in his nightclothes I found this which I
don't think he's ever worn says good
looks courtesy a dad and I was like yeah
he's wearing that tomorrow bring the
outfit come here I'm gonna change you Oh
wrong way but okay there we go guys good
looks courtesy a dad hey guys how are
you doing today let me know in the
comments are you having a good day
are you having a bad day today's Friday
which means it's Saturday for you guys
so it's an even better day for you
basically jealous we've been vlogging
for like 511 days now I was thinking
about that I was like there's so crazy
how long do you think we're gonna do
this for you know we've got a really
good pattern going as long as you guys
are liking it we want to continue doing
it so let us know if you are enjoying it
what you do enjoy about the vlogs
because those really help us and they
motivate us like I said is my morning so
I got Oliver all dressed and now I'm
gonna go get him some food I'm actually
in some food tubes I'm stopping you want
to bring mr. Fox you want to bring him
he's kind of big you get kind of messy
when you eat so maybe we should leave
him you know for his own sake Oliver I
got the egg special for you honey
you don't like daddy's a mommy probably
makes better eggs and I do good morning
guys mmm all he just wants down okay
fine there you go there you go I'm
actually getting ready to go so I'd say
goodbye to him and he just wants me to
put him down but I wanted to take about
you I'm gonna miss you and I miss you've
not only gone for like an hour and a
half but Brian's watching him and I'm
going to get my hair done how about you
be careful with that stick Oliver James
to be your stick hon you're silly
thanks for the ride Brian weren't up see
you later
I got you girl I'll call you not the kid
okay bye
anyways guys yeah change of plans Brian
is actually dropping me off and he's
gonna hang out with Ollie and go geek
and stuff I'm doing my hair I actually
don't
once again know exactly what I'm doing
is my hair I think I might just get it
straightened um like chemically like you
know the Brazilian Blowout they have it
just kind of like straight into here for
you Oh am I gonna colored I think I'm
gonna go with the straightening my hair
is so frizzy and gross I can't stand it
just me and this little kid today well
uh mommy's going to get her hair done
she's gonna be like an hour and a half
so I was like yeah mama
exactly so probably just gonna grab some
lunch here at the flame broiler and
maybe go hang out at a park if we have
time set some fun yeah just me and you
buddy
so be good I am so full from lunch guys
but I want to take all about exploring
so we're at the duck pond look at that
buddy you got your shoes on and
everything see the duckies
hey go on you okay she's really got a
grip on my hand right now I think he's a
little scared it's okay yeah do you want
to see them let's go say hi come on say
hi duckies Mike oh my ham baby you're
fine
they're fine oh are you afraid I think
he's a little afraid they're nice
duckies
oh that comment toid you just walk in it
walking around the nice pond it's
actually really nice day a little breezy
too so yay for daddy son adventurer let
him go on his own seeing what happens
get those duckies get those duckies go
on you want to go see him go see him all
he is adamant about walking toward the
duckies you chased them all away
you chased them all away kiddo let's go
after the duckies come on come on
careful I gotcha all right ollie look at
all these duckies I'm gonna go after him
yes he does
I really should have brought like some
bread or something jahir is actually
pretty bad for ducks so cute - seeing
him walk around
but all the duckies out there he's like
a little girl
oh yeah I know you know how to swim but
you can't go in there
holy cow you guys look what I just
spotted a huge group of turtles look at
all of them up there let's go see if we
can get a closer look but I don't think
I've ever seen that many turtles all
together at once it's like six Turtles
look it on you guys whoa we gotta go
though buddy mommy's done getting her
hair done oh you see this okay
you can walk toward them if you want
who's that oli it just got done and you
probably are gonna be able to tell too
much of difference but it's super duper
- duper straight and basically what I
did it I cut this up and he's called the
GK I don't know it's something where I
strained it and it's just gonna
hopefully take away a lot of the frizz
hair is like so frizzy these days I
can't even handle it anymore and so I
actually did it get it colored and just
got it straightened it's really scaring
out it's not going to be this straight
like ever again probably because I don't
really straighten it like this all the
time but it'll just make it so that when
I do like my curls and stuff it won't be
so like frizzy and out of control so but
I actually can't wash it I can't put it
up I can't do anything with my hair for
two days it has to just be straight flat
on my head for two days which is a
little kind of a long time so I am the
kind of girl that puts my hair in a bun
every single night and I can't I can't
be right here in a bump for two nights
what no how am I gonna do that you do it
down like that done and it's like super
flat like it's like flat on my face I
like you with straight hair I like you
with curly hair thank you like you had
brown hair I like you with gray hair I
like you message dragging me to the f21
all he's running around out here
apparently um he was running around with
no pants on today
I didn't know and so Missy actually put
pants but where's that boy hey like this
I just thought he's a baby and it
doesn't matter hey kiddo
just that thing he does you look like
you're naked right now I love when he
grabs his belly and then like runs so we
are now at H&M baby got some baby
clothes for this kid it's got some
portrait sessions coming up first
birthday these are all girl clothes so
literally like this rack this is the
boys section oh space to hold it with
the that's you it's I like the Batman
shirt look at these bright yellow little
skinny jeans we found from here look at
him run away babe a little mall Walker
nice to buy a ring huh once I buy a ring
so cute he wants to walk everywhere but
he wants to like overhand dude grabbing
some stuff for dinner we're gonna make
steaks green beans a gratin potatoes and
look what we found guys coconut spray
oil fancy oh my god Lube or stick up
sorry I sleep really bad why can't I
find me this has nothing look it has no
calories no fat no cholesterol
mechanically pressed naturally refine
get it yeah whatever
natural flavors propeller and a soy like
a chicken adobo not gonna get a neck of
ticka ticka burger sir whatever is
people though this is still Missy's
favorite aisle y'all she's in the bike
in our sudden way say it smells good
everything's in a bag or a box I can
smell the marshmallows oh my gosh you're
crazy
what do you want to make for dessert
well make cake cornbread
oh it's really good yeah cinnamon
streusel what's wrong with you hey guys
oh my gosh look at I found I found
squirt and a glass bottle Mel had to
drink it Missy says I'm not allowed to
drink soda anymore because she thinks I
have IBS you know and having soda this
is not it can I just have one just one
Oh Missy they're only 88 cents it's our
lucky number
all right y'all we are getting dinner
goin I got potatoes cooking green beans
are all snapped Maci snap every single
one of these ends of green beans here
you like Raveena huh
yeah I really do I was actually craving
them and I just want to give you guys a
little tip the best thing you can season
steak with salt cuz its flavor and the
salt is gonna bring out so much moisture
it's gonna make it so juicy mommy it's
funny because I think a lot of people
like to put a lot of stuff on their
stage yeah we like the flavor of the
steak we like to put like a1 sauce a
little something we're not those people
we just do I do salt I salt it all
really good put a little pepper and then
everyone likes this stuff so I'll put a
little bit of this stuff too yeah well
from o-tar we're pretty simple seasoning
we don't want like barbecue sauce yeah
no barbecue right
or steak sauce we just like the steak
good old steak look guys dinner done we
got steak we got our gratin potatoes
bread and dream beans are just about
done so we're gonna grub oh hi guys it's
so late and we just got off a super long
video chat with Jared and Ellie and
every time we just start talking me to
start talking forever because they're
super hilarious and awesome
we've decided for our VidCon meetup
we're going to do it on Friday at 1:00
p.m. and I'm gonna have all like the
details of like where and stuff in the
description there's going to be a
Facebook event page RSVP to that meetup
so I know how many people are going to
be there but it's gonna be super cool
hopefully it works out so basically just
like Google Maps everything and I'm like
yeah that might work by anyway oh my
gosh you guys were so tired um so we're
going to end the vlog and go to bed I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog though if
you did click thumbs up and subscribe to
our Channel look at this we had the
wedding album out so we're showing Jared
and Ellie and they live happily ever
after
oh and I really like it I don't want to
talk about it some people like to tell
me the ending it I do
someone oh how great someone do it away
on my season scram it was a very bad day
it's okay bad person no longer you can
see my yeah if you if you give away
spoilers
Missy's like block you ain't doing that
you can't mess with it no I would
