Holly where are you going he's trying to
run away he's like get me out of this
present ah you don't think you're in a
prison do you kind of look like it this
is our son baby boy he's gonna do
amazing things
hi good morning walking around the
kitchen that ha oh look at him walking
to his hot mama oh he took the ball oh
look at your her today babe it looks off
is that like a fish Springer no it's
just a regular braid goes up into a bun
with a bow um to cover up where it think
really the truth is didn't want to do my
hair today so I was gonna do a fancy bun
oh yeah it looks like a fancy boy hey
fancy but it looks cute Oh
oli is trying to get out of the doggy
door aren't you if I put his ball
outside the doggy door you think he'll
go out there you guys look at this
that's my mommy and daddy 26 years ago
to this day this today's our anniversary
in the queue she was 18 and he was 22
I'm just saying Jim's wearing a very
white suit it is just really cool my
parents were always just really awesome
example for me and my brother and sister
and they've been married 26 years still
happy is ever still completely in love
with each other they still flirt with
each other and it's really awkward when
they do with that like InStyle were you
like yeah
you may see things run stuff it's
actually really cool yeah I would have
totally wore it if it wasn't long sleeve
or like it goes up to my yeah that is
pretty high but I still feel like it's
so vintage and cool-looking like it's
really pretty
and the veil is really pretty too check
out this awesome parking spot
I just got boom my three cars away from
the tache what do you say to God I
rhymed in the new book the rhyme yeah we
all strapped in I gotta say guy this
Eddie Bauer guy you really don't want to
make baby stuff huh not comfortable he
isn't there the cool thing about Target
you guys is they give you refreshments
it looks like we're at a movie huh Ali's
sucking on a little fruit thing and
little doesn't know there's an amazing
buttered popcorn right next to him he'll
figure it out
good we're doing boring adult things
boring adult things means I'm boring
adult things in a while huh zoom in on
vacation Angel Soft would you like to
wipe your bottom with this you got it
dude hey how's that fruit thingy good
all right guys I'm buying
Oliver his baby soap because he's all
out and I'm buying the same stuff I've
gotten since I basically brought him
home like maybe we should try the raw
shea chamomile and argon yeah like a
different one but this just smells like
my baby like I smell him like it's true
this is what you smell like it is true
you smell exactly like Oliver marilla
baby head-to-toe wash and shampoo with
avocado and shay-bo so how can I change
it cuz this is what he smells like
seriously why does this mother cook
longest name in the world look at mrs.
biggle sunglasses y'all you like them
yeah all right don't
they're my me of Diana Perillo she
always wears big oversized sunglasses
you know you haven't worn them like that
a long time you know what you're doing
draining co2 drive really crying Rockets
my leg hair is kind of long
oh they got trapped in the little seat
hey you got a bow there and I bow there
oh geez I'm covered in bows
you're like a present era open swing for
all you hasn't been swimming in a while
this new thing where he watches
everywhere and everyone he's gonna pick
yeah he missed the water
he definitely missed the water
we climb up there you're so cute buddy
you're such a good swimmer hi Cassie
she's actually gonna watch all I want me
and Brian go see a movie fan
we're actually go see my necklace on I
don't know I think Cassie said Malheur
what is he grass my lapis and not laughs
I said thank you bad we can't speak at
all like ever since someone like
practices corrected us on coming we
every time we say it we like get super
self-conscious it's like the most
annoying thing we just want to say
Collin Collin Collin Collin Collin Helen
anyways I'm sorry : that we keep talking
about this you said : didn't really call
in coming we suck
I know we type anyways we clearly
English why Cannot we say words and
stuff yeah okay see damage what we're
gonna see manifest hon alright so I was
just telling Brian we're going to see
Maleficent which I believe is like the
evil person of sleeping beauty and like
soon buddy is like the most boring
Disney movie ever created I feel like it
is it's like about someone sleeping I
don't know I watched it when I was
little but it was definitely not mine
and my brother's favorite Disney movie
but I hear Maleficent is really good so
we'll let you guys know how we like it
check out these machines you guys okay I
love these things and granite I saw
iJustine get a really cool mixture on
I'm totally gonna copy it is okay you go
coke and it's a vanilla coke so happy
vanilla cake and then just regular coke
and then it was spice cherry sprite
cherry this is crazy babe
see brand deals work receive I saw I
just seen do this and I was like I'm
getting a soda I want to try it it's
really good actually
you guys Maleficent was so good frigging
Angelina Jolie was like amazing it's
just funny because like you walk by
these posters and it's like okay I have
to see that oh yeah yeah I want to play
you just kiss em and we have to see this
you don't want to cry yeah this is
afraid of crying you may have to watch
that at home but I'm not quite sure but
Maleficent was really good did you like
it before you go to Disney like yes they
actually have the horns when you go to
Disneyland and you can get them instead
of micky hairs Wow I get your new toy
door she literally goes from one thing
to the other that he can like mess with
or get into or anesthesia yes he is he
just opened like every single cupboard
in the kitchen then he crawled over here
and then grabbed this thing out of the
door are you gonna stand up oh wow that
was very good baby
yeah he just like stood up with a stick
and now he's gonna go order everything
now Mama's got the stick mama's got the
stick all right here you go
do you think this is my stick it's like
your walking stick Oliver Kenny doesn't
have a balance what are you doing whoa
whoa
hey good job walking to the back oh baby
you want to take a shower instead
where's Holly okay barking Judah bath
walk into the bath that rule app job
rule at what's it gonna be what's gonna
be he's walking around naked ladies and
gentlemen mmm gotcha
ha you trapped him with the water in the
back now he has to sit there and clean
himself look what I did so we actually
bought three different types of flowers
which is good this is baby's breath and
then these ones I don't something about
their calls um and then I just kind of
put them all together and it made like
this cute little bouquet and I think
it's really pretty really like it I
might have too many of these white
things might be sticking up too high but
it still looks pretty cool just got
Ollie to sleep I think I pretty much
showed you guys what it looks like
yesterday and look what's changed we've
got these little like silk things this
is for the corners one here there's one
there and it actually one over here as
well and it crazy that it's just like
popped up today so we've got a couple
ears of corn in here
this guy just popped up and I believe
this is a cucumber isn't it cool guys he
sings just like popped up really fast
karma are you doing yelling at me you
want me to throw something for ya you
don't even have a ball from you through
you come here can you come you think so
crazy
well guys we have failed to make the bed
yet again two days in a row how does
happen we were like on top of our game
for a really long time and now we're not
you know I just done making bet I feel I
need you to hi do you think it's too
high I don't know how babies breath
don't ask me
yeah they're really pretty though I like
the color
yeah you did good and I really enjoyed
like doing it myself
I don't really just take another thing
and put it yeah look at you like took
each flower and put it in there
dividual II new hobby yeah expect a
video on my channel soon about flower
arrangements I just got off a call with
Chris Parrillo if you guys don't know he
is who he is he's the guy who's heading
up vlogger fair in Seattle which we're
getting really excited about if you guys
don't know this is collectively to
answer all your questions yes we're
going to be at VidCon yes we're going to
be a blogger fair yes we're going to be
a playlist live at the tri-state so yes
we're gonna be there and we are gonna do
meetups yes we're gonna do meetups at
all those locations as well I am going
to figure out when and where to meet up
at VidCon for all you peeps there clash
but then you wanna yeah actually our
friends yeah so I'm gonna find a way at
a time and I will be announcing that so
state that wins is VidCon next week yeah
oh crap I gotta get on that we're also
gonna be a blogger fair they've got some
really awesome people going he was
actually telling me about a special
guest that he's yet to announce I don't
even know if I'm supposed to say that
but it's really cool so you guys
definitely want to be there if you guys
haven't bought tickets they're only 30
bucks or if you want I think the other
one is like 99 bucks it's a really great
deal and it's a ton of fun and we're
going to be there so you guys haven't
bought tickets for vloggerfair
I'll have a link below in the
description so you guys can check that
out and if you haven't seen Missy's
video Missy did a video so go check that
out aah-ha will have diabetes
Malala as well can you tell about to end
the vlog you have a voice I'm about to
end the block know it's happening it's
all it's ending I'm sorry people are
mourning it's gonna be okay
I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog
click thumbs up if you did and as always
we'll see you tomorrow bye bye say bye
it's a party
Oh sounds on me like I'm a little pony
hippity hop falls this way it's a cute
babe it's actually bouncing really well
we have approached the very first
obstacle
