good morning guys we are off to go see a
house look at that's a GMC Acadia the
car that we you really like that one huh
I did like it it was all fancy and shiny
made me feel like jay-z and you smell
like jay-z it's not like jay-z to pop it
like it drop it baby boy do amazing
things so I actually got Oliver taking a
nap which just happened out of walk
because I didn't think he was going to
actually be able to come so soon but he
is which is really nice we get to go see
a house right now and we're hoping you
like it we're not having very much luck
in this department yeah but see alright
so we just got in it's interesting you
walk in here there's the kitchen nice
big open room but kind of that goes but
you know and then it's got just enough
bedrooms big master I know we may have
to just paint the three rooms but I love
this like showering in a glass case of
emotion big old tub I have to say this
pulley the best one we've seen so far
it's been really bad
choosing I'm not and I'm loving the
ceiling fans in every room with
lightning it's so weird but you kind of
need that in Cali this big door babe -
oh you get a wheelchair and you could
sit through it that's funny you just
left the house and it was actually one
the nicer ones that we like we said that
we liked I'm not only a super fan of the
location but it's definitely in our top
choices it's top one since every single
creating my dad but that was the first
one that we actually kind of liked being
get a chance to show you guys that the
pool is nice could be could mean good
things coming for us what are you doing
in the back of the Prius what are you
doing in the back of the Prius are you
go hiking are we gonna go on a hike ah
so excited
oh man you had a trucker hat right now
that says Surf's Up that's pretty crazy
we're headed out to go hiking and we're
really excited because we actually used
to go hiking quite a bit before I got
pregnant with Oliver so I'm kind of
excited me we'll start looking for some
more trails that we can you know check
out not really a long walk at all really
short walk but right now I'm going up
Santa Rosa Plateau whee
this is pretty hovering yeah we are here
and we are hiking up to Tanager ha dad
turn that down ha ha 10 AHA Falls we
kind of forgot an important aspect I
cannot believe I fraud like the most
important thing yeah this is basically
how not to go hiking with your kid ok we
forgot a carrier now he's on mommy
shoulders which is really freaking
adorable but I'm really good yeah we'll
see how it's not too long of a hike um
but I'm excited to see the falls you
think there's gonna be water it's so dry
here yeah we got everyone with us so
party sounds ah me like I'm a little
pony hippity hop falls this way it's so
cute babe it's actually bouncing really
well we have approached the very first
obstacle oh that is not pretty
this is like hardcore hiking right here
you guys by the way I'm wearing my
annoying bright colored shoes that Maci
hates we made it Ollie we made it across
we did it
what oh I read somewhere in the comments
and said there's an you know have to
cross over a rock we're lost
are we lost oh this is this is the way
though okay just go oh and we're through
hopefully none of that was poison ivy or
poison oak just looked back at Ollie and
he had no hat on cuz we lost it got it
this thing is essential okay yeah Holly
leave the hat on
you need the hat there you go
so we're thinking the Falls actually
might be a little dried up think that's
usually where they are but I'll see you
wanna so we'll see this is false
advertising
there was a sign so usually where's the
water coming from babe stack these
didn't get enough snow or something
Lorraine yeah but yeah don't pop that
rock it's like coming get in there but
there's a turtle did not want to clean
off found this really nice little shoes
spot so we're gonna sit up here drink
some water rest a bit
or head back now we found art what's si
just art already I know that says two
children on the playground of the
unconfessed Souls uh is this turning
into like Oh Blair Witch Project three
or something this is so creepy the last
two soldiers on the battlefield
survivors of the war they aim of one
another while respecting the Lord if
you're listening I'm missing him just
something I bring it home I think you in
somewhere in the Destiny God cuz let's
not finish it let's not finish the
creepy poem that's pretty good what is
that I know where that is
Cara put it down okay we should probably
just put this down you guys rock on
Jesus don't touch
okay you three are cursed now Oh No
Cathy was reading it we found a way down
so actually the boys stay up there we
found our way down here with karma cuz
he was like going underwater he doesn't
want to get out it's like look you sing
in the world
normally the fall is coming down it's
like a nice little waterfall come on
let's go come on boy good boy good boy
who made it out you guys who was kind of
traumatic there for a little bit because
we went up a different way and it was
not easy we had to like almost pick him
up and put him up there so he's not too
happy either because we forced him out
of the water but he's like I need a
leash on you guys I cannot be out here
it's scary
look at these two cute hiking cutie
people you ready let's go back down I'll
follow you look so cute with his hat on
backwards took a little detour but look
it put us in this really shady part it's
so cool like this tree babe me and
Kelsey came here and we had no idea
where to go and we like ended up in this
spot where there was just like trees and
a huge pond yeah and we just like sat in
the middle of the rock I remember that
you guys like ate lunch and meditated
and then we're like okay I guess that's
it but then we hiked further we found
out yeah mom of the year right here you
guys she is breastfeeding and crossing
it really doesn't it's not bad at all
babe
hey buddy they've jumped over there
yeah I think it was something nasty
there you go you got it you got it see
you did it
someone's exhausted ha puppy hi
oh we got you all situated back here
okay you ready you ready you're fun
buddy
she's like oak carbide and we're home
and we're pretty exhausted hot on this
way yeah he likes it
yeah he likes being up on your shoulders
now pretty much exhausted look at us
babe we didn't make our bed today
hey come hang out with me Oh Oh check
out what I got today you guys
I ordered a green wristband for my
Fitbit flex off eBay and now it matches
my obnoxious shoes I'm like what kind of
greens like the ones like my shoes
anyway yeah we got home we're pretty
much exhausted so I'm gonna go ahead and
end the vlog but definitely go check out
the video that is on Missy's Channel
I'll have it linked below hey what you
got oh you got a sock you think yo don't
take my circuit don't take my socket
thank you guys what he's got another
sock he just loves socks for some reason
I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog
we'll see you tomorrow bye I watched a
YouTube video about this Missy and I'm
freaking out can you get it baby
baby corn baby corn one little baby corn
yes you can I can have one big corn we
can even split that you want to take a
seat buddy
yeah Wow
down right yeah that's what you want to
do huh sit down stay still do nothing
