back to life back back to reality back
to life back back to reality what's up
guys we're home this is a Sunday me
that boy is gonna do amazing things
there's just like something about being
home you know like I feel like I was
comfortable in all in Idaho but man you
just feel like you're constantly like
working or like I don't know I don't
know how to explain it but like being
home there's just like this huge weight
off your shoulders
and you just feel comfortable and you
feel clean and relaxed and everything
you know everything around you which is
nice and it just feels so good to be
home
can I get an amen yeah we are back in
sunny Southern California it's beautiful
here fire truck
I actually just passed like a huge crash
and I had to like go around and everyone
looked okay but yeah I guess it's back
to California back to all that crazy
California drivers right yeah that's
what up yeah we had such a great time in
Idaho is nice to get away for a little
while but I definitely love being home
what about you guys did you guys have a
fun time in Idaho we've logged the whole
thing let me know in the comments today
what was your favorite thing about the
Idaho trip good morning there you gonna
sing off
did you sleep so good in your bed after
like days of not being in your bed yes I
did we had it such a nice night last
night although he is definitely sick he
did have a fever and I had to give him
some medicine for the most part it was
so nice just being in our home in our
bed you want back on routine huh yeah he
is definitely a routine baby he needs
his routine or if you're thrown off he
is not a happy camper but who is a happy
camper really huh that's daddy's joke
though I don't really know what I just
know that is by Jimmy Gaskin so nice to
be home I've been cleaning and that pork
off when you go on vacation there's tons
of laundry when you get back
I've already unpacked everything I've
already got like all my
done I think I just have to fold
everything now told Brian I said I'm
wearing my relaxing clothes today which
I guess means a playlistlive shirt which
I love this shirt it's like so soft and
like really comfortable but I look like
really baggy in it
and then these really comfy like pants
you want to wear relaxing clothes hey
Billy mama
whoa how the heck did those burritos
just get in my seat just now oh my god I
have no idea how those how those
burritos got there that's great Shh it's
okay I'll take you home
I'll take you home you'll be part of the
family it's okay these burritos have a
home now
all he has a little bit of this cold
although it is really scary because it's
an official epidemic or outbreak of
pertussis and so that is really scary
although he is vaccinated against it
it's just kind of just not fun I'm kind
of scared to like take him out and he
was out like all weekend and that's when
he got sick I'm really hoping it's not
nothing like that I'm actually planning
on making an appointment see his doctor
just to make sure that he's okay but he
does have this little cough which is
kind of just a little alarming a little
scary but the most part he seems to be
okay right now he's he's got a pretty
good attitude and all that you brought
mr. monkey with you huh this is for your
crib why did you bring him in here thank
you Tim kisses karma didn't miss your
ollie kisses oh look at this cutest
laundry helper ever ha hey buddy
what's up he's like hey where's my
burrito to bring me a burrito
we actually have just started feeding
him the little pouches that have beans
and rice and cilantro and stuff in them
it's like all organic and stuff I need
two tortilla huh what are you doing Oh
No
disaster afoot hi Carm how do you get
did you jump over that oh my goodness
are you watching orange is the new black
okay this is what happens you guys we
watch an episode of orange is the new
black Missy falls asleep halfway through
it and I'm forced to watch the whole
thing because you can't just stop in the
middle of an episode of orange is the
new black and then she has to rewatch it
and then I end up like watching them
like twice what the heck babe shows that
night and you moron to be tired you need
to get your shoes together because
that's it that's I could an old that's
like a parent thing like parents cannot
get through a movie or TV show and
you're starting to come that way I have
to be able to so we figure it out has he
been helping you yeah he comes over here
everyone smile and he just lays his head
down oh do you think it's cuz he's
really not feeling well still oh he just
seems to be getting a little bit more
like lovey like he just wants to like
hug me yeah she see that face hmm
hey hi karma get conver side kisses
kisses kisses whoa I swear he said dog
though donkey
there you go I want to pet you
Hey that's his tater see I wasn't lying
about waiting Mexican food and now
you're gonna eat Mexican food cake nom
yeah nasty karma ball
Jack get a boy wifu Holly's got his
walking shoes on that's my water yes
oh that's okay no please drink it all
whoa
right now you see my cool I have I know
yes exactly you can say that about
pretty much anything hey you're supposed
to get the baby corn I really like my
baby corn and sat mmm can we go to salad
bar and get baby corn it's my favorite
hey don't play there mommy found some
baby corn you found another baby for us
did you really
I'm freaking out I watched a youtube
video about this Missy and I'm freaking
out
can you get it a baby for me the corn I
want vehicle don't want baby corn we
can't just pull one little baby corn yes
you can I'm gonna have one big corn we
can't even split that you want to take a
seat buddy yeah ah sit you down down
right yeah that's what you want to deal
huh sit down stay still do nothing
now I'll go please thank you
you know what to do with the big orange
ball catch it catch it catch it go get
him go get him
well well I got you throw that for the
puppy throw it okay well you're just
sort of teasing him at this point
come on buddy he's like I just suck i'ma
do this do it let's do it at me
probably like I'm just gonna open the
door
see watch Carmen do it now you go in go
in here there you go
she's so bad go on yes he did sort of
helped it you basically bought them that
was really cute though hi baby
did you figure it out he's like a new
puppy he's like oh I get it now
good job Brian not bad all he just had a
little accident
he was eat well you fed him dinner right
and then you fed him some cut-up grapes
yeah and his whole dinner came out so he
puked yeah I don't know I don't know if
he was choking or something sometimes
it's a difficulty wrote that it will
come out but yeah it could be I don't
know you don't look sick are you
are you hungry like throw up your whole
dinner bathtime it's our favorite time
huh baby
tell him you're not that Seth can you
tell him how you feel
yeah I'm actually pretty certain that he
just had something tickle his throat and
he had a gag reflex and he threw up I
don't think he's throwing up cause he's
sick but he definitely has a little tiny
cough so I've been using the Highland
cough medicine which I really like
because it's pretty much like good
ingredients I guess maybe I taste it
like a champ I
and I usually I did like some research
and I'm using this ibuprofen that's like
no dyes and whatever and he's like takes
all this medicine really really good
like he doesn't have any problem at all
so I'm happy hopefully you can't do that
for a while so anyways oli
has been napping today and relaxing and
chilling which has been so nice I'm
hoping that he's gonna start feeling
better here really soon but he
definitely had a really good day so I'm
happy with that so he's definitely just
gonna take it back and go to bed and
hopefully sleep good are you gonna sleep
good tonight baby yeah yeah mama I'm a
sheep good yeah it's time for Mario
cards now that we're home Missy and I
can get back into our video game oh wait
Missy she totally just joined without me
okay I got it I always like to play as
Koopa he's like this weird turtle guy is
it a turtle or I feel like an alien
turtle he's got a turtle back right yeah
oh yeah he's on he's got a turtle shell
I love koopa troopa he's like the best
now that we're home we can play video
games again we just do it because we
have fun together huh
but honestly like playing on the wii u
together so much fun like I was talking
to Jarrod tonight and he was like Jarrod
Meachem because I guess I have to be
specific now because I am more than one
jared friend but I was like Jared meet
him and he's like I want to get a wiiu
and I was like yeah it's so much fun are
like playing together with your wife
like every night missing I just play
video games and that's like our routine
you know after the kids go to sleep I
said kids plural that's like a shout-out
to the future but anyway we're gonna
play Mario Kart what cup are you gonna
choose babe I'm down with banana that's
got the DK jungle okay cool we could
play Mario Kart I'm pretty much gonna
own Missy and then we're gonna go to bed
so I hope you guys do at a spa click
thumbs up if you did thanks for me in
the like goal on e paddles collab that
was definitely fun to do if you haven't
seen it it's linked below we'll see you
tomorrow
inside even though Brian's playing right
now I'm not allowed to stand here hold I
got this guy huh
so I guess because obviously he's not 21
he's not even allowed to like stand
around the area that people are gambling
at so I'm trying to kill time but I'm
also trying to watch Brian see if he
wins anything
