alright guys I've got my little oli bear
sleeping he's taken a nap I'm all ready
to go and brian is editing but I
actually have a graduation we're going
to so I gotta go get him a little gift
so here we go this is our son baby is a
boy is gonna do amazing things
Hey look my dress has an apple sticker
on it he's just kidding it's just a car
probably be so proud
my mom are headed out and we are going
to get my cousin who just graduated a
graduation gift which I know once you
get a kids I just graduate you guys need
money
doesn't want your gift that's all I want
so we'll probably just get them like a
gift card or something to this cousin is
actually my birthday buddy we both have
birthdays on 1027 he was like my
birthday gift when I was like 10 years
old
7/7 oh wow that's weird I actually share
a birthday with : as well from : Katie
Bama chick which i think is kind of fun
because 10:27 is the best birthday ever
I'm actually out of the house without my
baby which is really weird with like
leaving the house without your baby like
it's it's
like weird like you get in the car and
you don't like go to strap your kid into
a car seat you don't have to make sure
you have diapers wipes food outfits like
all the necessities that you need if you
have a baby you just like get in the car
and you put your seatbelt on and then
you're like ready to go and that's it
what do you think of my card it says you
deserve a standing Oh better yet eight
you deserve a standing O and G Congrats
that's totally me and Brian right this
is what my mom picked out I like your
silly hat makes you look all graduated
it's so cute I like it even though he
doesn't care what's in it he just or he
doesn't care what it says he just cares
what's in it and there was a hair
attached to me so I just pulled it no I
just
I've hair everywhere right now it's like
all all for me dad could have actually
slept the entire time I was gone karma
did did was he good for you the guy you
just stepped me my mom just made him
some watermelon juice we took some
watermelon that we just freshly cut up
we put it in the blender and it made
this yummy juice you guys hear like the
exits in a block up but he loves it I
think it's kind of like his first juice
and it's just watermelon which i think
is really cool say yum I like it YUM
got it all over you hey guys so I've
been kind of bad and I actually have not
blogged
anything today it's like five o'clock at
night I have been working on the final
episode of the look who's vlogging which
will be up on baby league on Monday oh
hey it's my family what are you doing
we're getting ready for bed
Pharrell yeah you didn't think it back I
just started bogging okay I don't know
what took you so long
I've been busy started working on this
video this morning I'm just now starting
to get to like a finished point almost
it's just like been consuming my whole
day I know I'm sorry I've just been so
busy but you can expect the same amount
of cuteness that was in the very first
cowboy alley look who's vlogging but be
sure you're subscribed to baby league
because this final episode is gonna go
up on Monday and then we have something
really cool coming up war look who's
vlogging Oh get ollie
he's like walking around hey buddy hey
cutie whoa see like my camp my camera
battery's even telling me I'm it's dying
like I haven't even blogged anything
it's duck what's wrong what's wrong
buddy you ready for this
BAM usually he likes Sansa and waits
patiently but now he's like if you're
not gonna put me in the bath I'm going
face payson out hey okay well well he's
been such a good Walker today here we go
here we go here we go
come on yeah whoa
there you go haha but we went to that
graduation party which was actually
really cool we didn't get a chance to
vlog there because there's like just a
ton of family but he was just walking
around the entire house and Hammond on
everyone careful I always get scared of
this thing because I actually runs that
thing a lot and it hurts and we're
walking to the tub we are walking to the
test
oh you want the iPad come on come on
he's ready I've been editing all day and
my saving grace has really been Hulu
Plus which we have here on the Apple TV
and so I've been flying through the
current season of modern family cuz I
love that show oh my gosh it's seriously
one of my favorite shows but if you guys
have an awesome show that you like to
watch let me know in the comments below
because this one's pretty much over I'm
on the last three episodes where they
actually get married but if you guys
don't know you guys can actually get two
weeks free of Hulu Plus if you go to
Hulu Plus calm slash daily bumps I'll
have a link below in the description and
on the screen as well so you can check
it out but you get two weeks free and
Hulu Plus is really awesome because you
can get it on your Apple TV you can get
it on your iPad iPhone Android device
some shows they have like all the
seasons of which is really nice so if
you guys want to sign up and get two
weeks free check the link below in the
description it helps us out helps you
out Hulu Plus is definitely one of my
favorite watching services that's
available but I am exporting cowboy
Holly returns
finally it's been a long rough week but
we are done and you know basically I
think you know I'm just gonna take a
little break and then we're gonna come
back with more episodes and they're
gonna be even better because we have a
couple of tricks up our sleeves be ready
alright did you get a good fast
hope you got snot Matthew that's not
suckers he hates when I use this not
 but when I don't use it then he
goes to nurse and his nose is just so
stuffed up that he can't really nurse it
makes it a big pain okay he's going to
bed quite early today
um way earlier than usual just because
we went out last night his schedule cut
kind of screwed up so he woke up late
and then he got a late first nap and
then he missed the second nap so we're
going to bed extra early tonight
um but it'll be good it'll help us get
back on track for tomorrow
you see Nene you giving yourself a
kisses kisses night-night gosh he's been
walking like crazy move careful
tell us about your day would you have
fun
I'd uh yep good job so good at walking
good we just walked around this room and
then sat down dan you guys we got a ton
of snot I won't okay I'm gonna show you
what we got but it's not like that gross
look at all that
now listen that knows nothing I don't
hear anything
this thing really does work you guys
it's kind of gross I know you get a lot
of people think this is disgusting
I do have to suck his boogies out but it
works it's easy it works he doesn't love
it but what baby would I mean what who
would want you to suck the boogers out
of their nose and now clean nose he was
blowing bubbles out of his nose like
trying to get the biggest bubble that's
how it's done you guys it's still bright
out like I said he's going to bed pretty
early it's like 6:30 so it's like an
hour earlier than he does it feels weird
something's all weird out here I'm not
sure what it is
so that smells like something went bad
Saturday night we're probably not doing
anything too fun except Mario Cart oh my
gosh I'm still waiting for Brian to get
done editing so that we can play some
games but check this out I know I showed
this to you guys a little while ago but
or a few days ago but look it is crazy
big and I've got cute little Tomatoes
coming in or getting bigger and bigger
for you awesome see that he's asleep hey
I see I'm good he's asleep
this tree look at your corn babe I know
I get it
I'm gonna eat it if you get the corn
early does it turn into those little
corns that like to have a solid bar
I love those no idea what those are
those are so good are those real corn
what are those I mean cuz they're like
they look like little corn but I don't
want corn there so they say like oh hope
they taste like corn they're so like
good the curb well yeah it's just like a
different more hack times 10,000 I would
like to know what it is actually is it
like a little corn plant and you just
pull the little in the user
yeah it's totally different I don't
think it's corn this is a dumb
conversation beats up hot a Saturday
night pizza party Saturday night pizza
party Saturday night Pete Zapata
Saturday night yeah it doesn't really
work with Saturday sorry jofi I am
running to go get some pizza hey oh hey
zombie how come he never let me be in
your vlog I don't know I mean I just I
just vlog what's going on well why don't
you try and stop hogging the camera yes
can I get some brains on that pizza no
sorry you cannot I got Canadian bacon
pineapple so no brains
pizza party Saturday night pizza party
Saturday night we are playing Mario Kart
8 finally is he just started playing
with her sister Jimmy and I play a row
that would be the baby it always happens
at this time Cassie's playing - and I
gotta say you guys the new Mario Kart is
flipping awesome I am loving it what do
you guys think so far the fun yeah what
what he's back in sleep Missy do you see
how much amazing dad I am all I have to
do is hold the monitor and he goes back
to sleep
so pretty much awesome but anyway this
is what we're gonna do for the rest of
night so I hope you guys enjoy taste
vlog click thumbs up if you did and
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye say bye
say bye say bye Jimmy fun thing you guys
I think is huge
scurry a real monkey
goodbye
