good morning it's really early I'm
thinking about
this is our son baby that boy is going
to do amazing things we are off to the
airport it's actually really nice
because normally we take LAX but this
time we're taking a airport a little bit
closer to us so my mom is driving us so
thank you mommy for driving us this is
so funny yeah
so we don't have to like Parker car
which was a nightmare last time and she
just dropped us off and she's driving
home and really nice so we're saving us
from another $300 parking ticket yeah
remember that you guys thought that was
horrible we are off to Idaho are you
ready are you ready that something is
eyes and he is not happy
gonna go to Idaho potatoes potatoes you
can eat the patos that's what everyone
thinks that like a lot of potatoes but
to be honest I don't think I've ever
seen a potato field you ever went to
like a potato farm where you picked your
own potatoes no anyways that's my little
rant about potatoes my son needs to come
with me hi
are you ready to go say bye-bye yeah you
see you Sunday arity took pictures of
him look you guys airport art more
airport art you know this is a thing are
an airport okay this looks like
something that I made in high school our
class I'm not even kidding
pretty sure it made something like that
so we are at the airport now we're
starving Ollie's being a good little boy
you gonna walk around
she put his walking shoes on look at his
cute little backpack we got yesterday
oh what's that you're getting like
crouch down he's like oh you have an owl
at home don't you what you got there
I'll give a Curious George lunchbox
they're like vintage baby
sit there plane ride he's not too happy
he'll be okay this is literally his
fifth airplane ride you guys we were
calculating out he's gonna have like a
dozen this year the world traveling baby
yeah that's the plane
you're not you it fixes to a gun but
he's not
so we are now in Vegas you guys and I
never seen this Airport that's busy but
our plane landed right when we were
supposed to board the plane so now we're
hoping that we can basically get that on
time and I'm so pumped I really want to
gamble we were just having our layover
but our last plane was like late but we
can't even relax
yeah and this kids not even ready to get
on another going around pupal mushy sure
we're on time it looks so fun haha so
apparently our gate is on completely
other side of the airport I don't
understand why this always happens to us
we were even at the airport like three
hours early this - beep this is not our
fault
he's a Codel you like a little doughy
bouncing around he's mimicking Arisa we
don't miss it no hold the first right
these things are always cool feel like
I'm Superman
move inside work and we made it okay if
your parent you know what's going on
gonna go to Boise gonna eat a lot of
potatoes
weather's clear skies like in variable
winds picture of an e degrees
that's about sign is back on it when you
turned your seat in buckle up thanks for
flying on this thing come back see us
real soon
alright guys we're back in nosey Boise
look at all these would you what are the
Broncos Broncos I even went to BSU and
I'm like uh what's the mascot again
can't really hear but yeah we're just
landed and all I did good fall asleep
last minute and look who's here hi mom
hey so happy you're here hi Missy how
are you honey
cutie pie auntie my hater that's you a
potato would you get them a little
potato that's funny
oh and you went to sees I see - I see
you went to see what you see busted this
list is that crazies walking already mom
he's crazy
yes sir yeah he needs some shoes um
first time I've ever rented a car they
upped us to an SUV for that same price
so we have a big fat SUV come on buddy
come on buddy get cheese it's like what
is it I don't know
thanks SUV it's got a ton of room oh
yeah get a boy
I'm leather seat babe you guys to we're
just yeah oh there's there's two Sun
roofs you can that's crazy
boom push the button no cool babe pretty
cool open back okay I am really excited
we're back in our homeland and it's
interesting because I seriously can't
remember anything of this place like I
don't remember street names like I
couldn't even remember where we were
just now I just block it all I
completely just feel like I'm going back
there like sure that stuff I don't need
that in my brain but tonight we're gonna
go eat at mine Brian's favorite place to
eat of all time I don't think is
anything it's hopped it right we have
not eaten there in three years and we're
looking forward to it for like three
days now I have been honest like I think
that's gonna be like the funnest thing
today funnest thing if we get there
today we got going I don't see Baha I
lived here for like 12 years and I now
I'm so used to help when you're driving
I feel like I'm drunk freakin snail yeah
okay so on an out here people are just
so much more slower and it's obviously a
slower pace of life as well because
California is always like people like
nothing to do get out of my way you're
in my way let's go faster on a freeway
California and you're like 80 yeah hop
on this freeway it's literally like 65
and there's cops pulling people over
everywhere yeah I know is the easiest
thing just got to bod√∏ downtown Boise
oh I just I love this it's like I'm a
magician
I don't give a quick lesson
how you say Boise Boise and you may hear
me even say Boise come on you can't talk
at all yeah but
oh and Boise Boise but it's Boise with a
see see see see there is no Z in Boise
Jewell even wrote and performed a song
about how to say Boise and yeah so if
you want to learn a little bit about
Boise you should definitely go watch it
so I'll have that video link below so
you guys can check it out Edwards like
the parking garage the weird office
Depot that no one goes to it's just so
weird being back here feel yeah now like
they have a Trader Joe's up in there oh
man they got new condos over there it's
so cool just like what when you like
used to live somewhere and then you go
back and check it out and everything's
changed
Wow I did I'll have to show you guys
this wall it's crazy
you guys wanted to see some taters there
you go taters see here on that drive
around fine the other day oh my god do
you see the hot bay it was crazy
Hetal palek like one oh my gosh okay
guys so we are headed into old Chicago
pizza missus been looking forward to
this forever dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun da da da da
remember that do you guys know how many
nights we spent seeing this restaurant
indeed chicken alfredo and pizza like
they have the most amazing pizza and
actually place or lease new karaoke
right over here in the bar section
remember that we would do like all the
songs they covered on Glee we those are
the only ones that we knew to cover it
was so funny having dinner here with my
sister you guys have never met my sister
before this is my sister she's a real
person but I haven't seen her in so long
and I'm here with her boyfriend my mom
is here too
she thinks you guys don't know she's
young I say that like let him know mom's
here mom's here too
look you guys my sister plays make it
rain - you guys remember this app that
I'm like obsessed with you don't even
have that much oh she's a millionaire
all that cute I'm like a cup billionaire
Chamillionaire KB it's a real number
let's make her some money
my sister was talking about like making
it rain and I was like you play that app
right she's like yes it's so funny her
and I sometimes we're just like on the
same wavelength
fine I have gotten Mother's Day gifts
the same exact thing two years later the
same card with the same butterfly in a
jar are just every kid yes I gave me a
better fly in a jar one year at the
juniors we gave you a sh incarnate same
image Jimmy and all this really happened
you guys Kirill you do not know I need
that stuff like I just got rid of that
jar with the Beverly and now I got
another one
Milutin for a long time and I had no
idea those four musically we just got
done with dinner and had to say goodbye
but we are actually going to hang out
with the fam tomorrow and tomorrow we're
going to go to our hometown and explore
it but I'm gonna go ahead end the vlog I
hope you guys enjoyed it click thumbs up
if you did and as always
Lucy tomorrow they can write to the
people he's so tired you guys alright
we'll see you tomorrow bye there you
guys I have a theory that he thinks were
still at Disneyland cuz he still keeps
like looking around and like smiling and
letting things gonna move mind in his
eyes from Disneyland like he's just like
so much more observant today he's like
where are all the fluffy talking animals
