going down
hello mr. Oliver we're leaving leaving
this horrible place of horrible internet
we're going to a better place as
internet this is our son baby this is
our boy he's gonna do amazing things
he'll help a loser whoa and yelling -
man you better move oh he's trying to
have - elevator yo oh my gosh you're
funny kid
and ruff I was I was actually just
wondering what do you think ballet
thought of zombie here oh yeah they're
like what the heck is up with these
pieces are mean come here
I had a vlog uploading all night and
it's not any close to being done time so
I'm gonna run by the Apple Store and
upload the vlog yes we're going to APIs
or uploading and then we're gonna figure
out what we want to do with the rest of
our date we all slept like logs
basically right he's got pretty good I
was all he woke up at 4:00 a.m. to nurse
and then threw up all over me like all
over me I don't know what the heck
happened he didn't even notice he
literally just like
and then to start nursing I was like
what that what are you doing he didn't
even notice he didn't even cry nothing
he was like let stuff out and photos
everywhere was really gross so I don't
know he slept really good but yeah weird
throw-up thing I have no idea Pinsky
fine he's beating his shoe back there
oli don't you show Holly stop don't eat
your shoe I like actually eating it
Dobby
we found an Apple store in this mall
over here which we've never been to but
it's cool I like seeing other Apple
stores actually because they're all kind
of like unique house you're a dork cuz
you're cool hey baby those cool cool
let's see if we go get this vlog
uploaded here we go testing the Internet
outside that before
okay yeah so so again this shouldn't
take very long
good I don't want spent date here they
have this cute little carousel here at
the mall and while brian is uploading
the video we're gonna jump on it you
want to get on the carousel you know
ride on one of those yeah woohoo look a
baby's just like yeah what South Pacific
like it
case
he's more interested in just looking
around everything there you go get some
lunch she's starving you guys you're
gonna shrivel up and die pretty much
let's go
hey buddy jump out on the carousel yeah
you put on the carousel like where are
we you keep going to new places all the
time look at this you guys this is the
rainforest cafe we're gonna go in and
grab some lunch I've never been here but
it looks really cool you've been here
huh basically we're just back in
Downtown Disney and we're starving this
is so cool
always wanted to do this myth that is a
very big snake wait is it moving now
because I'm really close to it that's
weird
this is so cool yeah good baby
I feel awake oh hi good morning you're
gonna join us on this awesome adventure
big old toucan
oh and what's that that is a very big
bug
is that a butterfly I think it's just a
scary-looking bug at this point I'm just
saying that if I come in contact with a
five-foot butterfly I'm running for my
life okay are you gonna be like a
butterfly just keep swimming just
swimming swimming swimming got the
fishies whoa
you see the fishies
got to grab a magnet for our french
Norrish realize me to get a Disneyland
magnet yeah run over there and grab one
oh that's cool too oh yeah this is cool
we always try and get a magnet to like
if we visit like a cool place and put it
on our little mini fridge that we have
it around we kind of knew this was
happening Holly
Ali hey buddy keep it like this hostiles
 I owe their healer grant like okay
yeah we have the rainforest cafe huh
look at you guys were seated right next
to the waterfall and the rainbow there's
a giant lizard up there there's like a
tribal guy up there cool they did really
good job oh we got thunder and lightning
going on big ol monkey over there
in that cool buddy
it's like we're stuck in a rainforest
for real we're gonna attempts to put
this headband on Olli no oh it's gonna
work out oh really
a fuzz ball Mullis is like here I see
Jimmy rigged it cut a little slit in it
so it fit on his pad ha ha ha there we
go
look at you you're king of the toads
he's like I know I don't do that he
don't you look so handsome
all right I'm checking this out you guys
I got mahi-mahi
rice you got steak and shrimp and this
kids going crazy here you get spinach
peas and peach and pear it's like okay
beer taking the monorail
does it write down the services I've
never actually been on this but this
will take us to tomorrow and and like
give us like a little tour around
Disneyland I've always wanted to so
today we are pretty neat for the hop on
with these people and get on this thing
the Downtown Disney district Disney's
grand
Oh
to this
just got off the monorail I'm right now
I did heel and again we really actually
didn't think we were coming today I know
right if we're going to finish and we
are going to say okay we're actually
really wanna go at California ventures
but Jeff's up in Tomorrowland so we
might just head out that way
look it's Merida from brave that's like
one of your favorite huh you really like
that one
hello guy in glasses all right we are
headed into it's a small world which
Missy loves I can't stand I know it's so
probably music and colors yeah it's like
the reindeer from frozen yeah
I'm looking at everything anything what
is all that
I think it's maybe his favorite right
now
they're in line for Dumbo
all I can't wait he's like get me on now
crazy kid
really testing the boundaries here
it's like goodbye you're on a flying
elephant buddy you realize that we're
going to fly with all these peeps
apparently I totally thought about this
but there's this little lever and you
can move to make it go up and down - OH
look at that buddy feels good up here
is this the heisig us yeah we see
everything
that's Disneyland whoa
and Lana wrote back to our car and they
were headed out horrible in the Western
Hemisphere Justin
for your mind Disney stories
taking a stop at the Lego store look at
that you guys palladin and Jasmine and
Jeannie
that thing is massive weird huh
it says Lego on all of them BAM but
still trying to debate if these are
actually really made out of all I guess
or if it's just the outside have like a
Lego bar you can actually like make
something that is so cool I can't wait
till he's big enough to like do this is
like his Gandalf guys
crazy we are on our way home very slowly
we're actually stuck in traffic
Missy's driving I know traffic just like
makes you so much more tired than you
are always pretty passed out too but I
was just going through comments on
yesterday's vlog and it's so funny
because there's like I don't know if you
know about this but I guess a lot of
youtubers have been going to Disneyland
recently and people are like saying that
Disney paid for all our tickets and I
was like all expense-paid
and they're basically just doing it so
like we give them free advertisement and
all that my gosh that'd be nice
I know no it actually I think it totally
is a coincidence I'm pretty sure it's
Judy's life got tickets from a viewer
but Missy actually got us tickets for
Father's Day and I don't know we just we
work hard we play hard you know what I
mean I would what if it would be nice if
we were sponsored by Disney though huh
very nice
call us get on it I want to show you
this to be picking this up on the way
out
because Missy was telling me about this
thing they do called pin trading and you
basically get a bunch of pins and you
put them on lanyard and when you see
people with pins you can like trade your
pins for their pins and like try and get
as many as you can basically you can see
do this all the time you get like cool
pins like antique pins and all kinds
that's so cool like like I'm excited I
don't really know that much about it but
yeah let us know if you guys do this but
we got Pinocchio Mickey the kids from
Nightmare Before Christmas Winnie the
Pooh just trade those now for ones we
want as all it grows up we're gonna try
and go to Disney out more often because
it's just a fun place to get away for a
while and have fun and it really was
like the happiest place on earth and I
just thought it was so cool like we got
to spend day 500 there
today's day 501 we got to hang out there
for a little bit and it was just really
cool much needed fun with the family so
but anyway you know what it's going to
be a while to we're home because we're
stuck in traffic so I'm going to go
ahead and today's vlog and probably edit
it
oh that sounds fun huh tomorrow we have
to get ready because we're headed to
Idaho at the end of the week so that
should be cool but anyway I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog click thumbs
up if you did and as always we'll see
you tomorrow
I'm excited Wi-Fi internet real internet
again this good and I'm bad
yay we'll see you tomorrow bye I don't
think it's gonna work
I'm not a ruler I'm sorry pretty much
the best mom ever right here we're lying
for the mr. toad right something the
first line he's waited in nice that was
not too bad yeah
Harriet Thaddeus toad Master
