good morning buddy hey kiddo
Bingle yeah he's only walked up with a
smile on your face all in his face how
do you do that yeah who does that
welcome to day 580 that boy is gonna do
amazing things yes indeed we are on day
500 of vlogging buddy what do you think
about that 500 days we've been vlogging
what do you think we should do should we
go celebrate
should we go to Disney hey Olli what yep
you guys we are going to Disney at its
day 500 we've done this 500 days in a
row Missy no since before he was born
before this kid was born we were doing
this this is our first baby you guys are
our first baby you understand that it's
actually pretty cool because the hotel
rat has a shuttle to and from Disney
that leaves every hour so he woke up
around 8:50 and so we're gonna try and
catch the 10:00 a.m. shuttle so we're
getting everything cleaned up and ready
to go we've never gone to Disney with a
baby this is a first for us it could
very well be a disaster it's definitely
different cuz we will go on like any of
the big rides that we used to go but you
can actually go on a lot of the cool
rides so we're gonna try and just do as
much as we can with him know what
because I'm always the big kid I never
get to do the little kid things yeah but
I got morning coffee which was a mistake
I always forget how gassy coffee makes
me is that weird oh you guys have to see
our shirts if you guys didn't see
yesterday's vlog Missy surprised me and
said that we were going to Disney with
these shirts right so I think it's
backwards for you guys
so it says llve so me and it hair
where's Mickey
hmm begin many Kissin and then this kids
got this cute little shirt on yeah you
excited for Disney we're going to Disney
yeah yeah tomorrow too
yeah okay so slight little hiccup the
vlog was seriously uploading in the
hotel Internet the hotel Internet is
just trash
we were like waiting for it I know we
were waiting for it to hit 100% it was
99% okay and then right out a hundred
percent it failed and we were like oh my
gosh this is like 20 minutes before the
shows about to leave so we raced to the
Starbucks which by the way has worse
internet than the hotel get everything
okay and basically we get to Starbucks
find out that it actually did upload
successfully finally got it going we
missed the shuttle though so now three
minutes so now we're just going to drive
to Disney ourselves but the vlog is up I
like the best youtubers ever we did it
if you didn't watch or thumbs up
yesterday's vlog go to it right now and
click thumbs up because it needs some
love it took some TLC to get that thing
up but now it's off to Disney
okay so slight little hiccup the vlog
was seriously uploading in the hotel
Internet the hotel Internet is just
trash and we were like waiting for it I
know we were waiting for it to hit 100%
it was 99% okay and then write out a
hundred percent it failed and we were
like oh my gosh this is like 20 minutes
before the shows about to leave so we
race to the Starbucks which by the way
has worse internet than the hotel
here comes Missy get everything yeah
okay
and basically we get to Starbucks find
out that it actually did upload
successfully finally got it going we
missed the shuttle though so now three
minutes yeah like three minutes we as
the shuttle so now we're just gonna
drive to Disney ourselves but the vlog
is up like the best youtubers ever we
did it if you didn't watch or thumbs up
yesterday's vlog go to it right now and
click thumbs up because it needs some
love it took some TLC to get that thing
up but now it's off to Disney this is
what happens when Hello Kitty meets Star
Wars
it's got a little arm around him nice we
are in downtown to see you guys walking
by the lego stars look at as Belle in
the Beast huh
does that really made out of Legos you
think they just make it look well
actually maybe I don't know my god I
love Legos look what they gave all you
guys a first visit badge your first time
we put it on Mickey because when we put
it on his shirt he was just trying to
like master that stuff but we're all set
up and now we are headed in to
Disneyland
wha-wha-wha happiest place on earth
there's the happiest place on earth okay
you better be happy damn it
it's karela de Ville you guys I thought
she was a villain but apparently a lot
of people like her hey Donald Duck oh my
god
you know what I never understood about
him he wears a hat and a shirt but no
pants yeah any one day see buddy that is
Walt Disney and that's the little cantor
who created Mickey Yee in that cool he
built this entire place so that you
could have fun it not awesome it mean
the greatest I think his head is
cryogenically frozen somewhere - huh or
at least his brain and there's the
castle the Cinderella's castle that's
cool huh mmm and smelly just came out
from under the castle oh look it's
Captain Hook he's late but we are headed
to Fantasyland
can we put him on a carousel is he done
nursing you see this look with all the
strollers babe I had no idea I think now
that we have a stroller
I just know strollers everywhere
Pinocchio's daring journey yeah he loved
that oh my gosh y'all I got the biggest
smile at his face the entire time we
found all off you guys this is new it's
like a frozen royal reception pretty
long lines yeah but that's so cool I
headed into King Arthur's carousel hey I
seriously just love that he can actually
write these ride you know strapped our
little Mickey in our stroller so he's
nice and safe
like getting on a real horse I got to
put one around me too
he's like moving up and down like he
does on his force at home oh but it's
just fun for us too because we always
write all the big kid rides you know you
were riding all the rides and we've
never wrote before because we got a kid
now works out I'm seriously always wide
to do this you guys sort of this note
hey so to be able to lift it as you lift
it up you like win oh really
the sword is known
so pulling out of this star that's why
we were born of England here we go you
guys ready black are you reading this
ah Pisa I don't think it's gonna work
huh I'm not the ruler I'm sorry pretty
much the best mom ever right here we're
lying for the mr. toad right something
the first line he's waited in nice that
wasn't what too bad
yeah Harriet Thaddeus toad master of
Toad Hall and incurable adventurer who's
this buddy
he's drivin don't Londontown
you're grabbing lunch at the Plaza that
would cause so fancy look at the
fanciness going on this is the best
thing that you could possibly get in
Disneyland it's this chicken right and
they give you mashed potatoes and green
beans and a biscuit and honey and it's
pretty much amazing we're feeding alle
little bits of banana not some banana
hmm I think they gave him a free banana
because he was so cute I just had done
at the baby center which was this
adorable little place where you can just
take all these little ladies in these
old-fashioned dresses like change yes
they have like all kinds of like really
nicely set up like diaper stations and
then like a nursing station area and
like just like is that there's even like
a kitchen
so you can like make your baby like a
bottle I just love how like baby
friendly Disneyland is yeah it really is
I mean I'm really excited about him
being able to just come here and do all
kind of stuff and there's Mary
Poppins right there
it really looks like her Missy
it's a fairy godmother she's trying on
some ears at the Mad Hatter what do you
think they are really sparkly cool
alright we are headed into toon town and
Ollie is asleep so I let him take a
little nap just to refresh a bit
he's look at him soon as Mickey is so
cute
to get a good little nap in I don't
think I've ever been toontown before but
look at that skyline it's so cool
Roger Rabbit I remember that we are
taking refuge in some shade because it
is very hot and we got our ice cream
Holly sleep is so freakin cute as soon
as he wakes up
should we try to jump alright I've been
looking at this one forever yeah
the Roger Rabbit looks really cool but
now I remembered why I was rarely in
toontown it's because it's like Sun
beats down in this area
so hot there's no save my gums
Frontierland it's like all covered by
trees yeah yeah oh it's someone away
hottie bud hi good morning
you like that there is a mouse next to
me I can get it bingo drink some water
drink some water what are you doing you
poop in a little be mad you don't want
to wake up you want to keep sleeping
look at Ollie walking with Mama huh
oh hey look who it is
look who we ran into you guys we got
Trevor and Karen I've known these guys
for the longest time as couple vloggers
I didn't learn your names until recently
I just always like a couple bloggers I
thought when you first started and then
you were talking to us and then you got
isip Tory thought you randomly on
rhettandlink when you guys did the
morning thing if I watch that show like
every single morning Brendan we need a
surround you should totally try to back
down but check this out you guys just
made Missy I had those exact pins didn't
they didn't talked for the suit and the
veil ears it was a little rocking it you
I mean we got here so in a time scale
that's a cheese bitch like you have to
get this adorable I did not know how to
tell that is so funny
Wow but anyway you guys go check them
out I'll have their links below so you
can follow them there's got married so
I'm sure some things in your future
right oh no pressure no pressure though
darn slide
Carolee slide with his shoes yeah a
little bit a little bit stupid runaround
kiddo
Goofy's playground
yeah he does bingo feet huh I'll easily
do find a piano so giggle oh yeah over
here just kids rock it out look the
leaders ready - guys this is Cynthia
what is your name Jovi Dobby hi you guys
having a fun time here there you go
whatever you got to do right around here
like oh I'm gonna run into you guys
though thanks for staying here we're
gonna go in and meet Mickey
it's Ali's first time so he wants to
meet Mickey that's Mickey's piano huh
you wanna play on it he loved that piano
at Goofy's house it's so funny chickens
Miki's kind of a hippie if he grows all
this fruits and vegetables and has
chickens and who is that is it this guy
is that who is that
ah
Thank You Mickey ah got to meet Mickey
not cool sides alright guys so we just
had an amazing dinner at this place
called Naples
Ristorante pizzeria EEP its areia anyway
Hey oh who are these people
yeah we ran back up with these fools and
we've been just been having dinner and
having a good time but I'm gonna go
ahead and end the vlog here I hope you
guys enjoyed it we had an awesome day
Disney within 30 minutes long I know we
feel so do you guys film a lot of
footage today I'm actually I don't think
we're gonna have another 30 minute long
yeah we're gonna mount yeah like I said
go check them out and go watch their
blog because they were at the same clip
did it just get dark yeah it's not done
fireworks all fire signs all of a sudden
we're gonna try and run and grab the
fireworks but I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog click thumbs up you did and
as always we'll see you tomorrow bye
it'd be perfect at the summer though
yeah kind of overcast II it's like it
