I woke up like this I woke up like this
no seriously I woke up like this this is
our son baby
they're boys chasing to do amazing
things you woke up like this you woke up
like this huh baby boy you ready to
start today do you come on would you
guys look at all you right now he's
wearing skinny jeans baby skinny jeans
they're actually a little they're like
perfect length but they're a little big
around his bottom so he could use a belt
the babies wear belts I don't even know
but those are freakin stinking adorable
little baby skinny jeans they even have
a zipper
it's his first pants with a zipper but
yeah like I said they're little loose
around the top and then he's wearing
this cool super 8 shirt eight that's our
lucky number the guys didn't know I'm
pretty cute hard enough for babies to
walk making them walk in skinny jeans
huh
come on going do it going
all right had to change his shorts cuz
your pants just weren't fitting yeah
okay well now we're on our way
high five high five I got you look what
we're doing I love you I saw it but
we're going to pick blueberries you've
been wanting to do this for a few weeks
now
um yeah Wow look at this hell it's
really she's oh yeah is that where you
pick them yeah yeah early on bushes
I've always wondered what blueberries
come on yes maybe a wall there's all the
blueberry bushes oh man freaking la
blueberry ball is like little heads
everywhere yeah you know pickles amaze
me I'm really excited I don't actually
like blueberries but I think it's cool I
will go through an entire pail yeah and
I
CJ comes here every year and he eats so
many blueberries that my cousin says
that his poop is blue so all he's
getting a quick snack in and we are
headed here like it's a little barn got
the whole fam here we're gonna go pick
blueberries only pick the blue berries
red and green berries are not right
because many as you'd like $5 a pint you
know amazing that is okay like $8 for
that huge there that small thing at a
roots got our buckets
Missy's got one too do you think we're
actually gonna fill these up paper trays
look huge and look so good you guys so
excited so nice out here what's that
thing in the middle does anyone know
it's like a spinny thing there they are
you guys oh there's some big ones over
here too try this one
that's big okay that's a big one good oh
my god some amazing so gone how did you
get more than he already would think
he's like they taste like blue it tastes
like my color blue you never tried one
you're just asking you just now asked
what a blueberry tastes like I know they
just taste like nothing my own filling
has any flavor
let's find missing she can taste this is
a good size on here tastes like a
blueberry later your play blueberries
are amazing I'm gonna pick a blueberry
game pick one pick it gotta get it got
it is little hit you did it that's so
close baby this kid's hand-eye
coordination is a tad off severe you
know what they look like all right we
got a blueberry Missy put it in her
mouth to rinse it okay no try it buddy
he's like wait you like blueberries I
know they are warm you like it yeah
good stuff look at all my blueberries I
got so far tonight why you've done a lot
and I'm being selective I'm only
choosing the big ones they're like in
these clumps you gotta really reach in
there these ones are good look how big
that is yeah there's like a huge patch
of them you got to like go to like the
middle of the bush to find the big ones
look at this beautiful blueberry heaven
right here you guys look at that check
this out you guys look what I just found
hang on just a zoom in see that big ol
white box and all that black stuff those
are bees all those black things are bees
I guess maybe pollinating all the bushes
we're gonna go over there like I'm
really afraid they're gonna come after
me they won't back just right that so
they're just a bunch of bees you it's
horrible looking dad don't you even
think about it take it oh my gosh they
would like literally attack us right
maybe review their home have never been
stupid enough to do it Brian look at
this humongo blueberry I just found it
was on the ground it's okay hasn't been
stepped on all you got to do is rinse it
I'm adding it to my bucket I know she
was just telling me about all the bees
up here that is crazy huh so it's
because of them that this is all
possible right yeah pollinated or
something how does nature work you guys
help us explain it in the comments
we're just out here picking blueberries
not even know like you're picking on a
movie do you think there's honey in
there or something that is all B's you
guys that is a massive swarm of bees
scary Lucy what if that whole thing just
like fell down on us right now
you freaked out when bees attack and
that's the final halt ladies and
gentlemen we got one big bucket which is
about two bites we love these things huh
look at all he's a farmer
say bye-bye me me auntie
yeah good little raver
oh he is red here get this AC going he
doing
I probably what it's going that magic I
can't hear this but Brian's running into
the store to grab stuff but I thought
I'd bring him upstairs up here upstairs
up here to cool off a little bit because
his face is still so right I don't think
he's sunburned I think sounds like
really watching him I think he's just
kind of hot because we were like oh
let's go berry picking it's such a nice
day it'll be so cool I mean it's like 88
but it seems like it was gonna be like
such a cool day what turns out it was
kind of a really really hot day but we
only spent like 20-30 minutes actually
picking and then we were good we
actually got like four huge containers
of blueberries so that is crazy huh you
like the front seat we're now headed to
our friends we're going to go to a
barbecue because we missed out on
yesterday's whole barbecue thing that
we've been craving for our cue server
now go barbecue
you really don't have to be white in
fact we can play this awesome time nigga
we
wiggle wiggle wiggle I love this song
it's so addicting miss Kay said she
doesn't think that he should be saying
she has a big fat that's the most
ridiculous statement I've ever heard
what do you guys think if you heard this
song you think it's offensive I think
it's extremely offensive I think that if
she's wiggle in it she obviously don't
care her back was having a big top but
is cool nowadays look at Meghan tonjes
she went viral
hold on I'm sweaty after doing our song
we get Johnny Chrissy Nicole umbrella
for having some fun oh man we have so
much food here you guys look at brownies
and cookies potato salad carne asada we
got one of those blueberry loaves at the
blueberry place that we went to so
totally gonna Mack into that too what's
up Paulie okay dad dad do you like that
toy nipple nipple purple nipple ribbon
nipple
he's like yeah don't do that please did
you a see the baby League video it
should be up today go check it out I'll
have a link below basically there's only
two more episodes left in this first
season of look who's logging and if you
guys want to see more episodes later on
in the future you gotta go watch it go
clip that thumbs up button on that video
so that we know that you guys like them
and we can make more awesome videos for
you guys Wow there's nothing here yeesh
alright CUDA booty anyway I hope you
guys join today's video Missy is what
are you doing you're like running around
the room I'm creating like everyday he
like throws down his blankets and his
things today actually we saw he's
attempting to like go from a sitting to
a standing position
yeah to walk so that's pretty
interesting and he's getting way better
at walking just in general yeah hope you
guys enjoyed today's video I'm still
very sweaty from playing just dance and
my calves are killing me telling me I
had no idea that a video game could work
you out so much but it feels good so way
to telephone I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog click thumbs up if you did
and we will shade to map ah buddy
alright
we found a playground with a double
slide Oh girls coming up mmm
happy he is
Betty this is a buddy say watch there's
a case alright that's nice so far
