it's Saturday morning and macey made me
pancakes and sausage exchange the bass
wife and the world
look at these pancakes too baby they
look good they're fluffy they're not all
flat like paper you gave me a half a
pancake
what is that the other half it's like
what it's like it's like we broke bread
you guys sort of like destined to be
together for heaven are you doing one
half and I have the other Morgan just
like like when we took happy you and
half of me and made this little guy huh
this is our son baby
boys do amazing things alright I tell
them about all your troubles how you
smile like everything's fine but we know
the truth that mysterious little look
I've been trying to get this kid to take
a nap for over an hour now he is not
having it so he's actually gonna miss
like his entire first nap is a bummer
because that's usually when I get ready
and now I'm gonna get ready and he's not
sleeping so you're gonna be really
grouchy if you miss your nap you're
gonna be really upset all day he just
got his fourth tooth up there show them
you teeth
do it do it do it so he's got now four
on top and two on bottom so he's got six
teeth total which I knew it was coming
but I just hadn't seen that fourth tooth
come through and I just felt it finally
good oh we gotta get ready for the day I
just finished my makeup using the bare
minerals stuff that I just bought and I
am actually really liking it it's way
different feeling because normally I'm I
use the liquid foundation and it's so
weird because I really don't feel like
I'm wearing barely any makeup at all
which is kind of like a weird feeling
for me because I don't know I'm normally
like oh I want to feel like I'm putting
something on my face definitely not a
lot of coverage I mean I think I can
like keep going and making it more and
like Kate but I just didn't want to like
be like too much makeup I'm kind of
digging it but anyways yeah so this is
what I got I'm gonna kind of do a mini
Sephora haul I guess so I got this
bareMinerals original and it's in fair
so I'm the lightest there is the fair
the fairly light was definitely really
yellow on me you just put like the
primer on which I got this as well and
then you put this on and it kind of does
a really good coverage and then I also
got the bronzer in warmth it's kind of
just like a brown and I use that to kind
of obviously give myself a tiny bit of
color and it also got this brush which
is actually really cool this is kind of
what does all the magic it's it's really
neat and I guess it's made out of
like pony and was it go for something
but they don't harm any animals in the
making of anything that they do they
don't like work with any manufacturers
that do anything with animals so that's
kind of that's like a huge plus for me
because I can't always buy things that
are cruelty free because it's kind of
kind of hard to do it means a lot of
things are tested on animals and it's
pretty terrible but I feel good buying
stuff that isn't tested on animals it
makes me feel really nice I really like
it I feel like it's it feels like I'm
not wearing very much makeup at all it's
different feeling but I think I'm
digging it and I also got this bag which
is kind of why the bag was so big so I'm
like okay I don't need a huge bag for
all that stuff but they gave me this
free bag but it says how do you read it
laughter is the best cosmetic and it
says laugh on it just like a little tote
bag kind of cool I like it I'm like a
now I'm going to see how it does today
and then we'll see if I end up keeping
it success I got the baby to sleep I was
getting him ready for the day are
actually gonna just go get him dressed
and I was like in I'm gonna trying there
some one more time
BAM fell asleep but my hair looks cool
today
huh-huh hair looks cool I actually like
I know I need a haircut
but like I can make my hair look like
exactly how I wanted to right now so
right now it's like at its perfect stage
but I know in a week it's gonna drive me
he's he well gonna get ready for the day
go throw my bear glove scent on oh it's
really good got him I'm a little all
right
Ollis but a little work oh hello baby
boy you're really like he's got his feet
hanging out of his crib what are you
doing turn that off
hey you ready go on adventure I wanna go
eat some barbecue you want to leave some
barbecue you're headed to
ultimate barbecue he actually have
always wanted to go in every single year
Brian had to work on the weekend
stupid nine to fivers well not just
night I mean you would work on the
weekends yeah like all day long and we
could never go and so today we're really
excited because we finally actually get
to go look at this little guy he's back
you know like there's times when this is
good what's up oh good yeah we're headed
into the barbecue now I'm looking for my
buddy John cuz he should be here
Oh turns out this place is kind of a bus
they only have like one two three
barbecue stands and nothing they have no
food last all the roads gone wide over
why is this I mean there's like two
hours left why is it so hard to find
food at a freakin barbecue place I know
like craving barbecue now though you're
starving anyway Ali's having fun in the
in the wind just feel very nice out here
kind of windy so you probably can't hear
me I don't know this are like jumping Oh
Anna's handcuffed oh nice one kid dude
walk it in the grass come on walk walk
what let go I'm gonna see if he walks
see how far he gets kind of hoping BAE's
done yeah buddy
all right we found a playground with a
double sight
Oh girls coming up hmm happy is Missy
yeah ready
this is the bloody thing watch this
it's okay all right
that's so fun help it with it - hold it
like this
oh is that fun touch amel shock you here
because be first because pika look at
the go look at the go Olli that's cool
mom what do you think about that those
big old horns easy cool again look at
that smile on his face is like I've
never seen one of those but you have
never seen one of those have you pretty
interesting huh
all right we got some food and now we're
gonna feed some of the feet Oliver make
him try it
we got a goat it's very hard to do let's
go eat this whole bag if we let it
I've seen a charged this gate don't
touch me oh hey smile oh you're a nice
go nice like everything just handed out
all at once
is that a girl maybe I like it it comes
when he's like I see you this one's
right be over there uh you guys are
cheating on me
got some ducks the Ducks like attack
your hand and that goat trying to get it
and look at the bunnies we see these
everywhere is this a mother Goose no it
isn't that
and a doctrine a goose oh I got like
that got good
Oh oh they're tacky and Alma sees trying
to feed the cat go food go Missy Missy
don't pick up the cash we see you can't
Suzanne do something do something it's a
kitten you cannot have a new kitchen
talent so crazy how like an old man
won't feel it today yes a little
miniature cat Missal jiseok at a
miniature Tokyo
we see the dirty kitten here guys I'm so
impressed with all we just got done
hanging out with our friends have a
dinner and I thought he was going to
have like company breakdown is just
getting crunchy cancha dances I was
bread you know yeah he's totally fine no
he's totally fine he's not even graduate
now he's just crazy he totally made it
he did a great job and really impressed
so now it's her to get home no it's
actually getting close to seven o'clock
which by the way but let you see how
light it is and seven thoughts we were
complaining when there was a time change
it was like it was getting dark early
prime o'clock now it's just the Sun is
like way up there hi this guy should be
light out for at least another hour and
a half we heard this song
what Sonia
all tied in because choline and quarry
dance to it
so
we're listening to it here's Eliot while
our son is taking a bath okay I don't
know how propria today is but yeah we're
pretty much having an awesome time yeah
yeah
oh she's and you know what I really like
her cuz she has a really cool story like
you guys should look right yeah we're
just rocking out while this kid gets a
bath be a th we've been really good at
playing video games late at night after
all he goes to bed just cuz that's the
only time we can kind of relax that's my
game she's obsessed with Pikmin 3 still
so that's happening if she's not playing
Pikmin 3 she's watching YouTube videos
about playing Pikmin 3 it's really
interesting it's never really happened
before so oh I'm like literally
youtubing Pikmin 3 yellow Pikmin where
are they yeah but I always get about now
we're gonna let you guys go I hope you
guys enjoyed today's what let you guys
go like we're holding you hostage me I'm
holding a hostage yeah with our
entertainment if we were holding you
hostage right and we had you tied up
what is one request that you would want
as a hostage in a hostage situation let
me know in the comments below you like
being a hostage Oh ours thumbs up if you
do Holly tell them bye see thanks so
much for watching name thank you so much
for watching
Wow see kind of wait that's kind of
waiting right wait alright
he's waving was he guys later bye what
he's like look at what was that mom
oh he's detached he is the touch you're
doing good
it's grounds a little soft - oh you
almost ate it who moms gotcha
