I was like our awkward beginning
son baby boy he's gonna do amazing
things
I'm nerd in out cuz I got new SD cards
that's a proper thing to nerd out about
right I think so yeah we've been using
these SD cards and all the cameras for a
little over a year and a half now and
I'm so afraid that I'm gonna film an
entire day and plug it into my computer
and it's gonna say like corrupted so
it's basically what happens you just
pull this in and out of the computer so
many times that it just like messes up
it just fails so I ordered some new ones
I got this one in my camera now this
one's my season and this one's for the
DSLR but they're 30 megabytes a second I
don't know if that's any better but
they're black these ones are blue so
they look cooler anyway I'm just getting
ready for the day I was not feeling very
good uh and so Missy actually woke up
with Oliver which was really really nice
cuz today was my day but she's pretty
much just amazing it's good that's
what's cool about like being in a
marriage you know is like we're one
person fails the other person can make
up for it Missy and I have always been
just a really good team definitely
thankful for her this morning feel a lot
better I needed that extra sleep I'm
rocking a new v-neck red what do you
guys think do I look okay in red I don't
know it's YouTube red I'm like wearing
YouTube well my sure but I really
look at Karma's on his throne oh you
don't have to get off for me we could do
some stretches boarding stretches yeah
he loves this little Ottoman thing he
just like jumps up here and hanging come
on
I was totally talking to you to hang out
you need just left me rude
hey boy oh how I swim in how'd he do it
awesome
yeah he went off the hippo and he
literally now like runs off of it like
running and he goes for it that's so
cute
look at this even brought me subway this
one mine turkey and ham I'm guessing
that's what T and H means I ordered
another just dance for the Wii this was
the one before the one that we have tuna
like ten bucks on eBay and I was like a
bunch more songs that these this is the
one we actually played before on the day
the Oliver's born yeah so it's got like
one direction and all that good stuff
good afternoon we looking at you can
that big ol thing guess what that means
guys more filming this day oh he's just
like literally walks all the time outs
so funny
it's such a good time it's swimming it
my mom and dad came and when he was in
the pool I showed how I was like look at
this Mimi and Papa and he literally got
the biggest smile on his face and just
started like waving and he couldn't stop
but he literally just wanted to like
look at them the whole time it was so
cute he was so excited that they were
there
hey Missy how's it going come on
I wasn't even that loud have you seen :
wake up his wife like shouts and she
jumps every time sup I know you are but
you should wake up no I mean your armpit
I'm kissing your sweaty armpits come on
get out whoa get up you're suffocating
me where's Brad Jeffy Jeff right you're
supposed to party fiesta no siesta quick
up wait wait wait wait wait wait up I'll
take you somewhere all he wants you to
wake up
I would bounce up and down but it
doesn't really bother her because we
have this brand-new mattress on the old
mattress if I went like this
she went over that oh sorry
pulling her hair sheesh leash brought in
reinforcements and he came with a bomb
seriously that's three times today did
you get a good whiff of it that woke you
up huh I am now immune to the poop on
your pillow shut up
no one's yeah there's no poop coming out
very well contained it is mommy things
you smell wave that booty what are you
doing what are you doing that's my can't
you can't put it in your mouth nope yeah
don't touch it okay just woke up from in
here mom wake up get out of bed
I was in our awkward beginning I woke up
from my nap and I hook terrible but I'm
in the house anyways I should have fixed
myself up a little bit and I was like
screw this screw it if you guys haven't
watched I just put out a video on my
channel and it was about YouTube success
and I've gotta be honest with you guys
okay I was really nervous about this
video because it's kind of something
that's difficult for I think some
youtubers to talk about kind of like
this
touchy weird subject that people don't
always want to hear about they don't
want to hear about that you make money
from YouTube or whatever and so it was
like a really nerve-wracking video and
to be honest I filmed it three times
well one I it was like a thirty minute
video I was like okay well I'm not
editing 30 minutes feel like I missed
like a ton of stuff that I really wanted
a my like you could do a whole series on
it exactly I've always wanted to cuz
like I love helping people and like
Google information you know they are
very passionate about YouTube and we
love talking about YouTube definitely
something that we would love to like
really talk about but I don't know I
just wanted to like spill a little bit
of my guts about it people don't really
want to hear about YouTube you know they
just want to watch you and they say you
know is that true do you guys just want
to watch us I'm holding Missy's hand so
it looks like I'm holding the camera but
I'm really not do you guys just want to
walk is that all is that all you care
about is our face are you that vapid is
that all you care about is our faces you
just want to watch us cuz we spill our
thoughts to you guys our thoughts are up
here and they go through here through
our nasal passages and they go out our
mouth and we got that and we spit him in
front of the camera for you guys we're
bears oh baby you can play with a wipe
like mommy gave me a wife to play with
he loves those things huh so we are
going into the paradise Playland so that
all he can practice
walking in public he hasn't done this so
we just want to boost his confidence a
little oh when we can put him in the car
get him walk it away what's this that's
what he's like look at what was that mom
oh he's detached he is the Dutch you're
doing good this grounds a little soft -
oh you almost ate it poo mom's gotcha
she's like checking out all the kids you
know it's cute so cool seeing him walk
out there huh all the other kids walking
around oh there you go pull yourself up
there you go ollie ha ha look at you
onto the clap the one you gotta let go
you gotta let go and walk there you go
look at that oh my gosh Ollie's in the
hot rod
5 minute round it's funny cuz all of
these are like soft still you know for
kids baby you want to do everything the
big kids are doing every time you see is
a big cave he's like ooh any tries to do
it so funny
look what I got guys Brian spoiled me I
went in there to grab some foundation
he's like well maybe you should try this
maybe you should get this that's why I
actually really enjoy going with Brian
when I'm by myself I'm afraid to buy
anything I'm like maybe I shouldn't do
anything we shouldn't buy tea and he's
like pushes me to like get done know
that it pays off like he's gonna get
something out of it probably but I got a
lot of cool stuff I don't know maybe I
should do like a whole like kind of cool
whole I know I had never done me I would
never do that okay I could never do I
wouldn't even know where what I would
talk I wouldn't even know what to call
things I'd be like here's a bottle of
this I have no idea what it is I got
actually bunch of bear minimal stuff so
I'm really excited just because I I I
know the stuff that's in the other stuff
it kind of does freak me out and I'm
always putting it on my face I wear
makeup every single day I feel like
maybe if I do I should use something
that's just a little bit better for me
so I spent a bunch of time in there
hoping that it looks good on my face I
have no idea if it's gonna like this one
yeah you can pick grapes right here
squish them with your feet and make wine
alright we're trying chicken again
tonight and then we've got green beans
and a little bit of peach apple sauce
all right
and mainly it seems like the problem
with the chicken is that he just doesn't
seem to want to swallow it I had to get
my little apple sauce like it gets dry
and mouth so I don't know keep trying
eat that chicken don't you don't you
don't you okay thank you uh hilarious
okay no small died chicken mmm
chew with your mouth closed Oh
up tight around the camera
Cassie and Missy are doing blurred lines
on just dance I've been doing pretty
good though but I'm gonna go ahead and
end the vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it
click thumbs up if you did and remember
go check out mrs. new video I'll have a
link below thank you guys so much for
watching and we'll see you guys tomorrow
okay
hazing juicy blueberry I can Ollie is so
good at eating now especially these
blueberries he like chews them up really
good you know look at that
okay but these are seriously a freaking
amazing pill good I joined I got some
roots yes so don't pee in it they're
just like perfectly right like the last
ones you got there like an hour huh
you're a little sour yeah I kind of like
blueberries which I like almost a lot of
