good morning it has been an extremely
productive morning I've got my hair done
I've got the bathroom clean up Brian's
working on script always down for a nap
and now we have a busy day son baby boy
she's gonna do amazing things I see a
sleepy bug in here hi oh my goodness did
you seem so good yeah we got friends
here are you gonna even have fun today
yeah all right over here oh it's bright
out there all right guys oli just woke
up from his nap are you ready to to get
stuff done
we gotta get y'all ready Oh take it away
guys how you been oh all right guys so
we got Amy from baby League and Jenny
from Jenny Jun sick child sleep
consultant lost child key she's
basically a pro sleeper and we're doing
some episodes with Oliver that's their
first time seeing ollie
Nikki you like this is a girl precious
you're so cute we're gonna have some fun
yeah yes Jenny is dressed like a fairy
it will all make sense in due time huh
he's a kid she's got Williams got a plan
are you ready I guess we've been filming
upstairs
um for a while now and now he's hungry
hungry hey I'm hungry under it though
so we are gonna have some apples carrots
and parsnips mommy can open up hang on
all right here we go
oh it just squirted all that sucks okay
Hannah oh my goodness yeah so that just
likes Corbin
and this is like his outfit for the
video we're adding shooting so that's my
I had to put a bib on him oh don't do
that here you go
he's been doing so good but he's just
time for luncheon so needy I'm getting
starving - I need to eat something
how many beds out all right so we have
we said all right so at the same time we
have been working all day you guys this
little butt oh this little bugger hey
you did good huh he had to get a little
nap break and we had to fill up in the
middle but we finished yeah I don't know
how did your hook did you bring your
horsey in here with you hey yeah you did
okay I'll let you write it just finished
now he wants to write on his horsey
there you go do you know what put your
hands there and put that hand there
perfect Jenny just brought out a swag
bag what you got for us well we've got
some snooze shades for your stroller so
you can now want to go nice I'm at four
hands that's very handy he actually he
was like if we know he's tired we can
lay him down in his stroller and he'll
totally sleep oh wow you guys are lucky
that's all right yeah you'll love that
and then I have a sleep buddy this is
for about eight months nine months down
the road when you need like a little
signal to him that it's time to get up
in this time - oh we don't asleep and
there's a little story book and a
sticker book in there for cool baby
Catan we have a Catan cloth three-in-one
burp cloth and it's a dad super cool we
in your diaper bag story box what daddy
def loves oh cool daddy bear loves oh my
oh nice daddy we actually just got our
first bathtub book and we read it
tomorrow and then I have a Jenni June
sleep mask for whoever which one of you
guys gets to fight for it oh cool
they get you can dream about Jenny there
you go we all do about Jenny there you
go Jenny June not really like if you
have one for each of you guys in there
I'm just information about my family
sleep tour and all the dates and cities
on the back there you go if you guys
don't know jenny is going on a family
sleep tour and basically she's going and
she is like promoting healthy sleep like
patterns that you guys can do with your
kids and stuff like that and so we're
filming a whole lot a bunch of stuff for
baby link about that that will be up
next week so doesn't go
check it out Jenny June calm and I will
have a link below in the description
look at this amazing juicy blueberry
yeah I can't even eat here guy
oli is so good at eating now especially
these blueberries he like chews them up
really good you know room look at that
okay but these are seriously a freaking
amazing kill like they're annoying about
some roots
yes so they're all organic they're just
like perfectly right like the last ones
you got they were huh you're a little
sour yeah I don't like blueberries which
I like almost a lot I like a lot of
fruit but I don't like blueberries um
but anyways it's going to be in a time
and so I'm making some ground chicken
this is what I picked up for ollie I've
never actually I don't think I've ever
eaten ground chicken
have you read ground chicken umm no does
not sound very good that's kind of weird
but it'll make it easier for all you to
like tear up and eat and stuff so that's
what I'm making all right so I've got
the pan heating up and I'm using coconut
oil um cuz that's much healthier than
like margarine or butter and all that
and I've got my ground chicken I put a
little bit of salt and garlic salt on it
and I'm gonna put a little bit of pepper
on it just a little tad not like a water
anything that just to give it a little
bit more flavor Hey I guess it's ground
so I so weird I guess I'll just kind of
like massage you didn't do it there's
something I don't know this is really
good
he's all my fingerprints are on it
alright let's go ahead and get it on the
pan there we go
it's cooking hazy vlogging lazy Bakshi
to put it like you do that alright so I
hope you try it let me know it's like
easier more tender chicken in it yeah
ground chicken all the time so this
looks like it's just about done what's
enough little sauce on all right kiddo
mommy made you some Dindin we got
chicken and what is this butter
butternut squash this is Ali's first
time eating meat how is it it's
interesting huh is that
I'm assured that actually tastes really
good it's like really lightly see Jim
know what just enough mr. it okay even
in flavor to it
Hulk too good yeah you okay in there
don't choke you drink all he's tired
sometimes you get a long busy day you
guys he worked hard
what is that face Holly what is that
face you know like I feel like I need to
take it out should take it out I don't
know okay get it you okay it was just a
lot okay Olli you ate too much try a
little butternut squash yeah that
stuff's soft need this face that's a new
face hey let's try one more time
idea I'll squish it in my hand
Oh idea give it to the dog did you see
that he was like what do I do
squish it it or give it to the dog what
you gonna do squish it oh oh pretend to
get to the dog haha nope I'm not no no
bad dog why'd you do that
geez okay you guys so Missy just read
Oliver this new bath book that we have I
feel like you're not gonna get in a
thing of the joke rub-a-dub-dub with
Daddy duck daddy duck says
scrub-a-dub-dub is for little ducklings
sit in the tub they wash their feet they
wash their wings they play with back
time toys and things
oh they scrub their bellies they scrub
their faces they even have many sailboat
races when Daddy dad says bath time is
done they're pulled out of the tub one
by one they dry their bed
their wings in their heads and they yawn
as they are tucked into their beds
sweet dreams my ducklings daddy duck
sings I can't wait to see what tomorrow
brings
okay so that's the story now here's the
synopsis as a devoted daddy to four
rambunctious ducklings
daddy duck tries hard to make every day
actually fun exciting
just like that tank but the help is for
creative ducklings bath time activities
index daddy does home include many
sailboat races and then submarine
journeys to enjoy this bath friendly
book together with your own children
during bath time and reminisce about
your own farm exciting daily routine oh
it's longer than the entire muggins
though this ran and grabbed some dinner
we're going italiano tonight so see top
oh they put them in ooh
soiled dishes think this is my cheeky
chicken parm parm oh yeah look at that
as my chicky chicky pom-pom looks good
check out this big box we got you guys
big boxes are fun all these loves big
boxes but we got something really cool
for Oliver which we will actually share
with you guys next week
but I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video I'm gonna go ahead and end it here
just as super late and I gotta edit
stuff but hope you guys enjoyed it click
thumbs up if you did and go check out
the video on Macy's Channel she put up a
new one hopefully maybe if it's there in
the description then she did alright see
you guys from our bye daddy doing you
changing your butt okay
apparently it's a really bad one is away
I made him change it this is pretty hot
okay that was a really bad one though he
doesn't normally poop that much there's
a lot of poop
