good morning people of the Internet I
forgot my sunglasses this morning so
this is this is going to happen to my
eyes so this is our Sun baby
that wolf is a new amazing things so I'm
actually headed to go get some being
jeez the smaller and biscuits and gravy
didn't really have anything for
breakfast and honestly we just have it
we have a grocery shop did a long time I
think we've just been busy trying to
find a place to live so we're in that
weird transition but it's been so
frustrating trying to find a place and I
actually spoke with a realtor this
morning
anything we call about or like want to
go see or really like is already gone by
the time we get to it so things are just
going so fast in this area it's insane
and she said maybe toward the end of the
month it'll actually be a lot easier
hoping as we continue on this little
adventure of finding a new place to live
that it'll be easier to at the end of
the month I think it's frustrating to is
machine are very picky about what we
want but I think it's okay to be picky I
mean if you're paying for you should get
what you want right this is seriously
the best place to get biscuits and gravy
you guys it's called Tom's burger I know
it sounds really weird but they have the
best biscuits and gravy you can get two
biscuits with gravy for 2.85 cents
that's just nuts you out of your mind
all he wants to help mommy sweet brush :
okay hi I'll just take that good morning
buddy
Hey walking around like a thing that
walks around a lot huh hey look he's
doing this morning smiley but hi karma
karma really wants to give me kisses cuz
I have a camera in right he's really
good now he like he went to the bed
stood himself up and so he could walk
toward mommy Hey
how adorable is that Pig yeah yeah
okay distracted it's almost like he knew
he was gonna fall until he wanted to
fall on the map
yeah we're in line I think it's been
three hours
700 I don't I don't know if we're gonna
make it hopefully only two more hours
left
come on Oprah make my tea are you gonna
go snap you got an Oprah tea yeah she
doesn't even know I don't think it was
hers
oh really but she's in there working I
know her Starbucks that's really hard in
there too hey yeah we're gonna Starbucks
and then we're gone swimming swimming
actually like my little baby did not
take a good nap today so he basically
passed out in the car
can you guys see him I can't see if you
can see him can you see him just been
like really nice out lately and I just
wanted to go swimming like every single
day we need a pool every single day I
want to go from a me a pool house with a
pool
can we go swimming tonight yep that's
exactly how I sound and what I say we
made it we got our drinks
I got this uh Teavana the shake and iced
teas you know what actually sold me is
those freaking YouTube pre-roll ads
they're makin tea I had the watch does
all last week you find that like you'll
find an ad or like you watch a video on
YouTube and you have to watch like the
same ad over and over again every
thousand times yes so annoying until I
watched them shake that iced tea and it
worked
yay that's really good it was funny when
I ordered it but I said passion Pengo
yeah he's like a passion ping it I said
that I have the passion pen guys please
mmm I got a chocolate cookie crumble
with no coffee I thought I liked coffee
every time I get it I'm like speaking of
summer we actually have been really
excited because we're headed to actually
we're going to Idaho next week but we're
going to VidCon at the end of the month
and we're really really super excited
about it so if you guys are coming make
sure that you purchased your tickets if
you have it they'll be links in the
digital they will sell out yes
so you guys have to get the ones at the
last week of June yes with the 27
then a tween yeah that weekend yeah so
get your tickets yeah again I'm faster
that's Aloha oh okay and company it out
cuz we'll be announcing a meet-up soon
yeah we're definitely gonna have a
meet-up so if you're around there or
headed there make sure you meet up with
us plus we'll just be really cool stuff
going on there so I'm really excited
Shane Dawson's premiering his movie oh
he's premiering it he's forming his new
movie Meghan tonjes is performing I
think I'm looking forward to hmm live in
a pool is really nice yeah the
concrete's hot it's the worst when it
touches your belly yeah it's funny cuz
everyone gets used to the water
differently you know like some people
like they put a toe in and then they go
and gradually some people like to jump
right in
yeah I'm not a jump in yeah this is a
toe Missy's a toe person I like this
little shirt things who doesn't get
burnt down to put sunscreen all over him
assists nicer yeah he can he can walk on
this little edge definitely can't walk
without me holding in the head yeah
missus said she's gonna cannonball right
so I'd like to see a good cannonball for
me today okay all right you guys I think
it's like eight feet right here just
found some pretty sweet dive toys some
boom blue-blue those look so cool it is
deep right here yeah I like jeepers I
like Cove it and he was like looking and
he was blessed and all over who know I'm
gonna attempt to jump in the pool and do
like a cannibal I don't remember the
last time I jumped in the pool cuz last
summer I was really pretty I don't think
I wasn't willing to jump in a pool you
know yeah I don't think you did
let's get more fun I don't know how you
guys come here to stay out there he's
just sipping on his coconut water just
chilling in the pool he looks so like
adorable it's pretty much amazing go for
it - good decision slush Tara little
yep cameras wet
this is the camera that's not supposed
to be wet all right I got the camera you
guys don't look too wet
yeah Jason what glasses on it uh yeah
the front it's pretty wet baby
no the lens looks ok all right I'm gonna
go try this thing off one more dive toy
it's down here somewhere okay we ran to
Old Navy because we're headed to Idaho
is it this weekend next weekend right
oh gosh I got like really freaked I was
like oh my gosh we live in this region
but we need some more summer clothes so
this usually ends up happening when we
go to Old Navy fill this baby up and
this baby is getting all got mustard is
all done hey mama you don't done warm
out probably all right so Missy is
trying on rings and what happened here
Missy man is ringing
it's it really Oh Oh No Oh got it
I guess you're destined to have that one
huh
hey I was like I guess I'm getting it so
though I know that playing outside in
the grass a little Holly he's getting
his walk on nice and we separated this
like a month or two ago
and now there's no like dog poop or
anything over here yeah it's like all
like a big green clean grass yard that's
Karma's territory over there drink I
want to show you guys what I actually
got at Old Navy today because these are
really cool okay these are shorts and
they have little sailboats on them so
that was awesome and then I also got a
green pair of shorts just normal khaki
shorts pick up some flippy floppies I
bought a polo shirt I don't know if that
officially makes me a dad but I got a
polo shirt this is a really cool shirt
just like uh you know like the beach
some v-necks blue Phoenix and then this
one which says see a longboard I just
want to go long boarding here it's a lot
easier than actual surfing so maybe I'll
add that to our summer to-do list you
guys don't know I'm actually making a
long list of things I want to do in the
summer time we've actually already
crossed a couple of them off but I just
want this summer to be like super
memorable Missy got a couple of sexy
dresses which I'm sure she'll show off
yeah anyway uh Missy is putting all over
to bed s I heard screaming so it's not
going very well anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video I'm gonna go ahead
and end it here if you enjoyed it click
that thumbs up button and if you are new
to these videos we do this every single
day so subscribe to our channel so you
can see new videos every single day
thank you guys for watching and I'll see
you tomorrow bye
yellow-yellow-blue trying to get it
so thinking cute what a fun little toy
Wow oh geez
