look how cute this is start talking it's
all excited oh look at them they're like
matching hit their pants are like the
same color and the shirts are the same
basic color it's pretty cute
I found you can't find baby Phoenix
anywhere time baby boy is gonna do
amazing things you care just hard we've
only got like a couple they're not very
common but they look they're like
Project you guys are like super matching
even your shorts practically blend
together
he's my mini-me yep and he's very like
anybody like I just let go fine that's
how we want to do come here you want to
walk over here come here
Wow oh the back seat of a parent
am i right we need a toy box I know can
I get an amen for this you guys look at
this this is like and first of all why
do we need a toy box with a back seat of
the car why do you have so many toys in
here look he's got his guitar
entertained at all times anywhere we go
he's got that weird thing he's got a
hippo he's got his monkey book car he's
got mayor max oh we have a train in here
amen
what how could you can't right now
that's not even safe to play with in the
car seat okay when you go to Richard's
friend's house that he needs it Holly
I'm gonna be honest this is too many
toys you need an intervention birthday
time birthday time I think Missy and I
do that all the time
birthday time right I see it every
single day without fail 10:27 that's
never
whenever your birthday comes on the time
you just have to notice it so kids
birthday is January 20th so whenever he
sees 120 he like has to say something
which I started in by the way my cousin
like she's born on 727 which is the same
birthday as all eight she sees it all
the time just like this funny thing in I
talent and telling you every single day
I see at least once and most of the time
twice 10:27 what is your birthday time
put it in the console oh and I guarantee
you as soon as you do that you'll start
seeing your birthday time everywhere you
go it's the craziest thing and then
everyone's going to read the comments
number like Y so all this weird times on
there if you're like born on December
31st and your time would be 1231 and
every time at 12:30 1:00 at noon or
12:30 1:00 at midnight she'll birthday
time yeah and you get you have a little
party it's one minute of the day baby on
board here is board baby on board
are you are the toy yeah we did good
girl there's a bunny rabbit over here
everywhere they're so cute
he literally just lays the RV the RV's
rabbit Parris favorite game okay you get
it
you got Karma's toy still your topic
seriously her favorite game in the world
chasing gonna toy all you almost trapped
him oh so close kid we share things in
this house he's like yeah look what I
got
look girl you see within my hands look
what I got
oh my gosh so funny I love how much they
enjoy this come are you okay
Mme oh you're so cute playing with the
puppy you're gonna get it he's a daddy
like I gotcha toy alright come over here
whoa well done baby you were drewer just
walked across the entire room hey come
on
okay so we are looking for some Dindin
got what is called dinner two year old
we call it ended and we decided that
we're gonna make some kind of raviolis
and meatballs but I was like really
really wanted that for cheese pomodoro
sauce
so let's see give me we can make it at
home but I have know you how to do it so
we got this this for cheese sauce cuz
it's for cheese I'm not gonna be like
California Pizza Kitchen but yeah she
will go for it Texas House with cheese
on it
you like that guy rather without the
cheese but I don't really care that much
venue ate I feel like I can make the
four cheese son but my oh my god thing
now I don't really like their curly
fries fries oh that's funny all right we
got meatballs
we got the raviolis Texas toast and
sound and this guy's like you think you
know buddy doctor it's about his bedtime
so we're gonna go home and put him to
bed and eat some food
for bed yeah if you good it's good try
goodnight mr. Fox my name is J squirrel
wha se9 a mr. monkey mm-hmm
oh hey good night mr. hoo yeah oh you
take a night say bye say night-night
good night mr. Kuhn mwah thank you
Missy is finishing putting all of her up
to bed but karma and I are gonna make
some dinner huh look at your nose Oh
would you do to it boy you hurt yourself
but Missy really wanted that pomodoro
sauce I looked it up it's essentially
like a cheesy creamy sauce so we bought
that for cheese sauce that classy Co
sauce and I added some cheddar cheese
and half-and-half and I'm trying to get
to that orange color so I'm heating it
up and mixing it all together see if I
can do that
and then I've got meatballs in the oven
I've got bread ready toast and I got
raviolis that are ready to boil look at
these these are really cool these are
like all natural no preservatives or
anything like that
they're called Giovanni Rana and they
were on sale they had a little coupon on
them too so I was like sweet works for
me
Oh sauce is bubbling all right close up
macro shot of this Pomodoro ravioli for
cheese with meatballs garlic bread looks
so good
good stop welcome boom yeah so we ended
up making it kind of some Pomodoro yeah
kind of like before cheese at CPK it's
good I I think I like this a lot more
cos loot tomato songs just a little bit
harsh sometimes oh yeah for me I like
this yesterday my mom and her sisters
test results came in I don't know if you
guys saw it but a few weeks ago they all
swab their cheeks and sent their DNA in
to see if they were all full siblings
because they've always just kind of
wondered whether or not they were half
you know just thought maybe their dad
wasn't wasn't some of their dad so it's
kind of for fun because obviously their
dad's our dad they love their dad
they're all passed away now and so
they're like let's just see but they got
the results finally in which took
forever turns out they're all full
siblings same dad the same mom so
nothing interesting really happened if
you guys don't know we are doing a live
chat later on today after you're
watching this at 6 p.m. Pacific Standard
Time
or 9 p.m. Eastern Standard Time
Australia gets to watch which they
normally never get to watch and it's
kind of a good time for Australia so
we're excited for that hopefully for you
UK fans you'll be able to watch later
it's gonna be really fun it's gonna be
with Cullen and Katie and Jared and
Ellie and I think it's going to be a
total blast and a lot a lot of fun so
make sure you check it out
and the way you get to watch it we're
going to be blasting out on all of our
social media but if you go to
youtube.com slash daily bumps it'll show
up on there of course : Katie and Jaron
Ellie they'll probably like it it'll be
everywhere but just make sure you're
watching and looking out for it and make
sure you're checking your times you can
just google it to see if you know what
time it is going to be up for wherever
you're at anyways that is all go check
out my video I didn't ask Missy today
give this video a thumbs up I'm gonna go
and end it because it's getting late and
always asleep and I'm tired I'm ready to
play some video games ok I've got my
video games going on and I'm doing
laundry and all that good stuff so we
will see days tomorrow but we give them
a toy
you look so handsome Holly oh there goes
Bobby oh the joys of parenting huh okay
this is a really cool hat Oh
