good morning what up buddy yeah
good morning kisses mwah who's that let
your little monkey I divided the Vltava
he has so much energy this morning this
is our son baby
he's our boy he's going to do amazing
things
how's it going guys I got Olly in his
playpen he's playing with all his toys
he's standing on your laptop kid you
don't stand on your laptop he's kind of
hungry so I made him some eggs and what
we do every morning now is we make him a
egg yolk and we basically just like
scramble it up and fry it and we've been
using these full-circle free-roaming
brown eggs we have one left so he gets
some protein and then we also either
give them some applesauce but I'm gonna
give him this apple spinach and
rutabagas that we got leftover you want
this you know what that ba Dada Dada
Dada that's who I am yeah that's just
rude got some eggs there for you buddy
you know how to eat those right you can
grab the bowl you're gonna grab some egg
I'll help you out one at a time
mmm breakfast actually really likes
those eggs so it's pretty cool I'm gonna
get something hot to drink let's see
whoa little monkey over there I had one
of these chai lattes in a while so I'm
gonna throw this in my puree put my cool
cup that I actually painted you guys I
made this okay
it's pretty awesome get that going there
you go like a boss oh that happens
sometimes
hey gun Oh Oh smells so good you guys
morning always woke up from a very nice
nap oh you're very good mood he's waving
to them they hi
he's been waving a lot yeah it is crazy
because I remember when we like received
a lot of these outfits I was like he's
never gonna fit in these yeah I remember
I good I just mean like uh yeah that's
like when he's one yeah and now he's
times just goes by so far oh yeah I'm
gonna put him in this one it says
mommy's little dude it's so cute it's a
romper but it says tank top see you so
kind of nice like the way jammies I
think he needs a diaper change
oh yeah he doesn't it I gotta go all
right bye yeah you need a diaper change
let's walk this way come on baby yeah
come on good job Friday Jerry leave
we're walking to good changes David good
look there dude oh thanks so Amelie they
didn't yeah my dad is working on this
little project and it looks kind of
silly right now
the way it works is he's doing
aquaponics there's this big pond which
we're gonna have fish in and stuff and
like I said it looks really weird right
now but
whatever and then there's like a hose
that comes up and it goes into this
thing and that is where plants will be
right the plants will be in there and
then this thing like drains it and then
it goes into here and basically cycles
through feeds the plants fertilizes the
plants with like the fishes and stuff
supposed to be really cool and the
plants clean the water from it
oh there you go so it's like this whole
life cycle it's supposed to be really
really neat but my dad's like doing it
kind of like homemade process I guess I
mean that's kind of how they all are
right and he's kind of he's this Tommy
daddy things and so he's working on it
we're still we're not sure if it's gonna
work yet like how he's gonna have to
like mess with it and stuff but it looks
pretty cool it's supposed to start like
draining and then can't wait to put
fishes in here karma can't wait to play
with the fishes get rid of the ball you
still working on it it's a work in
progress but it's gonna be really cool
once it starts working and you will have
like this whole little aquaponics system
and we all are our plans will not be in
soil they will not be in like dirt and
stuff they'll just like be in there with
like rocks right yeah so that's gonna be
really neat my Prius is telling me I
have one mile you guys one mile and the
sad thing is it's probably said that for
a while
so hopefully I make it um but I'm on my
way to a lunch date well it's not a date
because it's with a girl so it's a lunch
meeting but I'm actually just meeting up
with my friend zhenya and we're gonna
chat YouTube I don't even know where it
is okay honestly I have to go okay I'm
lost and my Prius says I can only go one
mile and it's flashing and there's a guy
say a chevron you know what I hate
Chevron gas stations are like 20 cents
more than every other gas station it's
like dude it's the same gas like why are
you charging me 20 cents more when I can
go across the street oh because I don't
even have enough gas to go across the
street that's probably why oh you guys
it's almost green we're just waiting for
this to be broke and then it will stop
pouring out of here and refill and then
do it again right I'm cross markup on
solar unit but this is got it slightly
too fast
if this slowed down then this
go go down and abs got a refill so we
got to work on it a little bit but do
what it's supposed to do that's so cool
we're gonna start growing plants in here
put fishes in we're gonna be growing
fishes and plants dad all right guys I'm
driving home from lunch and I got gas
yeah I got fuel for my car and I got
fuel for from my mind oh man those
blueberry Red Bulls those things are
good I cannot drink them around Missy
though so I had a really good lunch I
met up with my friend zhenya if you guys
don't know she was actually on the first
season of The Voice and she's kind of
wanting to start doing a YouTube thing
so we were just talking and she's
throwing some pretty cool videos before
so you guys should definitely go check
them out subscribe to her channel and
show her some love and let her know that
I sent you because I just wanted to like
hype up YouTube to her you know because
I want really good artists like people
of talent I want them on YouTube you
know because YouTube is where it's at
and I just see like what a blessing it's
been in our life you know if I could
pass down knowledge or like help someone
help someone reach that as well but that
just means everything you know I mean
that's that's what this is about
definitely go check out her channel I
totally forgot to vlog with her we were
like just having like this deep
conversation about YouTube and I was
macking on like a pretty awesome
sandwich I'm headed home now here we go
hey kid what you doing you're all
bright-eyed and chi-chi's all plump
What's Up kiddo oh you just ate is that
why you're all happy huh he's had lunch
and I just had lunch what you need to
eat something girl are you playing
Pikmin yep then love in this gay it's
actually really cool I kind of want to
start my own game it carries around like
a little tablet with him in the game but
it's also right there in front of Missy
so she can guess
like I can like do things on here and I
don't know just really I've never had a
game like that I got two different it's
cool yeah like I take phone calls on
this thing like crazy like I'll be like
oh I'm gonna answer this and it's so
weird
Oh how's it going I have a huge pet
peeve when it comes to people not
pulling over for fire trucks and
ambulances it irritates me so bad why
day I watch this present everyone pulled
over they kept going thinking oh I can
just keep going though they're just
behind me and then the fire truck had to
literally like swerve out of the way and
I was so mad I was like really was that
was it worth it like that could be my
grandma all right we stopped by
Starbucks experience of topping to do
and Missy's never tried a cake pop so we
got you a chocolate one I'm so excited
try it it's really good you don't like
it do you weird so like what it's not
like it's dry it awful it's mostly
frosting you're basically eating
frosting on a stick I'm not a fan of
frosting
he's on that the second nap swag what
he's Missy sleeping like a rock it's
basically not even doing anything would
you do it we could him watching us hi he
just wakes up and then he looks up he's
like oh he's playing some stuff by
eating these for me
look at this ingenious way to carry your
groceries that's pretty good miss yeah
that's violence but you have to
determine whether or not certain things
are worth it yeah we didn't grab a car
so now it's like yeah yes yeah put that
in there Surf's Up kid no no no leave it
on time so cool being cute do you think
we can get him to like keep it on his
head
thank you for give him a toy you look so
handsome Holly oh there goes mommy's oh
the joys of parenting huh okay this is a
really cool hat oh this kid is crazy yo
oh my goodness where you going you gonna
walk over here whoa
okay see his hat he's totally been just
wearing his hat today it's so cute
come on walk over to your little toy
whoa good try good try
we he's trying to like sit well what
you're you're on your cell phone they
can take pictures and selfies on it hey
too much coconut oil you ever had too
much coconut oil probably the good kitty
has all-natural duck did you hunk hunka
hunka burnin love he's all happy look
what I did you guys infamous second son
a hundred percent I beat the whole game
100% there's
thing else to do I've never done that
before ever it feels good it feels like
I got my money's worth you know what I
mean that was very fun if you guys have
a ps4 or a thing about getting a ps4 or
think this game looks cool
it is so worth it probably one of the
greatest games that I've played in a
very very long time
but anyway we got Olly to sleep he fell
asleep and now we're going to bed but I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog if
you did give it a thumbs up and hey
don't forget go check out Sonya's
channel I'll have it linked below and if
you haven't seen the new look who's
blogging mom versus dad that will be
linked below as well oh and I forgot to
mention this but on Wednesday which is
tomorrow for them Wednesday at 9 p.m.
Eastern Standard Time 6 p.m. Pacific
Standard Time we're going to be doing a
Google live hangout and it's gonna be me
it's gonna be Missy it's gonna be :
Katie and Jared and Ellie so it's like
us three we're going to get together and
we're going to talk about topics and
we're going to take question and answers
so it should be pretty fun alright guys
we will see you tomorrow barn I'm
outside it's only like 84 85 totally
messed up miss yes for more sunscreen
and basically her worst nightmare ever
happened I poured out way too much like
gonna see it now he's a little white boy
white look at him oh this is like your
worst nightmare put on an entire body
robbing ed rub it in rub it in no you
know anywhere your head no more look at
his hat
