Oliver has been taking the longest nap
in the history of mankind ever wake up
wake up you've been asleep far too long
seriously what is he doing in there who
needs to sleep for like three hours he's
moving he's moving you don't like these
beings allowed
boys do amazing things
alright you ready you go get the boy you
could use your sleepy face and you're
just smiling at your puppy dog Oh
karma is a good wake-up call huh he's
still trying to wake up you guys today I
have a brand new camera need some light
yeah it's still the same camera it's
pink and everything but it doesn't have
the scratches and crazy ghosts that
sometimes are right around my face so
it's really nice I think it's much
better quality in a way oh did you find
my phone I spy Mama's phone you need to
get out my love love you
what look at this baby he's worried a
little like tank top romper he's ready
to go swimming swimming I think you are
I think you hey guys it's Sunday and
you're tuning right ah it's Sunday and
it is actually really nice today it's
not super hot but we're going to do a
swimming goes for the day by the pool
and relax
it'd be nice um but I will say that does
look like the air seems quite clear I'm
not even seeing any smoke anymore and
like you know
I'm not sure how the fires are doing I
don't watch the news in a while I don't
see anything which isn't very nice just
picked up some frost dates yep I can't
no no you can kind of suck it out of
there got a frosty to sit by the pool
width should be nice let me see I'm
nursing I mean making the same sounds
all he does he does not make this sound
the dog is so nice the water feels good
he's got a little his got his little
snapback hat on today because I can I
actually forgot his other hat it's more
like a stunning hat but this'll have to
do and he seems happy with it and I
fixed this date well Brian fixed it I
thought it was broken but it wasn't it's
really nice though what was having him
in here because you can use your like
you know you can't London me I just told
you you can't do that yeah he does have
a little bit more cool thing too though
is he wants to be honest on his belly
yeah that's how he that's how we yeah
that's how that's how he's hot it's to
always be on a belly yeah you know what
kids this thing does kind of tend to
like keep him like that that's good nice
and yes oh I know he knows how to do it
it's just not fun hey the water feels so
nice though it's not like boiling hot
outside it's on like 8485 totally messed
up miss yes for more sunscreen and
basically her worst nightmare ever
happened I poured out way too much cuz I
couldn't see it now he's a little white
boy look at this is like your worst
nightmare entire body rather dead
rub it in rub it in no you know I know
where your head no more look at his hat
hair you guys it's so cute hair I'll
just get that for you there you go we're
at Best Buy and we have a little problem
we had now have three things the Apple
TV the Wii U and the PS will all use
HDMI s and we only have two HDMI ports
on our TVs
random best buy and I think this thing
is gonna help us and I got a lot of
suggestions from you guys on Twitter
about what I should use and this was
something that a lot of people sent me
to so think this is gonna solve our
problem so we don't have to get up and
do it manually like we have been Hey I
know first world problems first thing we
do when we walk in here and she's like
can I look at video games
alright all he has the driest skin ever
so I'm gonna use this smugly lotion that
Missy got out of one of her citrus lane
boxes he's got the keys legs so dry it's
cuz he's like crawling a lot cuz like we
do a lot of practicing walking with him
and halfway through he ends up falling
down and just crawling his legs are
getting really dry from rubbing on the
carpet so much so I'm gonna put some of
this snuggly on what hush this smells
pretty nice he hates lotion those though
I got to be the one to do it I got to
put it on okay you just want to play
with the bottle no don't just don't eat
it
okay just it's better that way so we got
oli playing with his toys he's really
into it right oh wow he's actually
someone good they smashed his box flat
I've got all your toys out huh you're
really into it huh and we're playing
Super Mario Brothers on 3d world and
playing with my sister I'm really really
into this um Super Mario 3d World
I actually beat it on the Dia's that I
had but it's way way different on here
than it was on the DS it's like totally
different story and everything and it's
actually a lot more fun it's really cool
and and of course I can play two players
which is the main thing that I was kind
of like well this is a bummer ik I have
to like sit on the bed by myself no one
can talk to me while I play a game I'm
definitely really really enjoying the
Wii it's a lot of fun totally my type of
games
what the heck Cassie you just got hurt I
told you can't down Oh you to blow this
is so who you to blow to get it to work
not funny oh you're good
you don't want to blow anymore you don't
need it yep oh you missed Linus you dork
I get really into this game on Cassie
cuz I'm happy click thumbs up if you
feel like a room without a roof because
I'm happy if you click the thumbs up and
because that's how I know you're cool
how to run a house to get some errands
done before earth man closes today but I
did want to tell you guys speaking of
happy I got a call from my dad it's
weird saying that and a lot of people
have actually asked me if that's what
I'm going to call him and I don't think
I've ever called him dad like to him but
that's like my only way to sort of like
say who he is
what could I what else could I say let
me know in the comments about like I
feel like it's weird if I tell you guys
like my birth father called me or my
father called every time I say father
just reminds me of Star Wars like I'm
not he's not Darth Vader
I'm not some kid with a lights you know
what I mean I don't know anyway my dad
called me and we have a new date for the
barbeque that we're gonna do and so it's
gonna be next month and it's funny
because like every single weekend next
month we are just so crazy busy we have
so much going on so we're adding that to
our list and I really can't wait it's
gonna be it's gonna be right before our
trip to Idaho - so should be fun but I'm
just like if you guys don't know like I
met my birth father and now I have like
uncles cousins aunts so many more people
to meet who is like this new family that
I just like found you know what I mean
kind of crazy stuff we just made Cassie
and me and it takes a picture of her and
then it basically copies her over here
what do you think we did tweak a few
things but I mean I think it looks
pretty good
big-nose
it gave her a big nose and like kind of
like big space cuz I don't know I guess
what cheeks are kind of popping out in
this one so here's all of us now that's
me Brian actually looks pretty dang
close and then there's Cassie oh now we
gotta make one for ollie cast what do
you think guys you got one for all
there's this picture and that's what it
gave me it's really good we actually can
change it to any one of these ones and
they're pretty old pretty much pretty
similar but there's no gear and I love
it you guys check this out we are doing
surf and turf which ones this is surf
right uh-huh shrimp is surf and this is
turquoise snake turf is it because cows
like roam cows eat the grass
for real yeah dang check out that - tree
- oh that's the point baby you do you
throw your stuff in and then you got
your turf cabone just like that
delicious
surf and turf macro burrito action what
up oh is it good ooh pretty flowers ooh
pretty flower hey that wasn't just
opened I literally just got these for a
Missy and that one just opened itself
like full because it has the orange
things the lady at the store actually
told me if you take the orange things
off that they last a lot longer so we
gotta take those orange things off so
that these lilies last long but anyway
that's it for today's vlog I hope you
guys enjoyed it hey if you go over to
the baby League channel you can check
out the brand new episode of look who's
logging it's called mom versus dad and
it's pretty stinking hilarious oh go
over there so you find out who wins
thumbs up today's vlog and we will see
you tomorrow bye that's ice cream
Oh oh my god that is like that yeah so
we got back some of the art that we did
last week at Mother's Day at that
pottery place and so I'm going to show
you how they turned out they're gonna
turn out really really cool we didn't
get all them back though like my plate
we didn't get back in Cassie's dog bowl
