hey you guys um I think I think my
iPhone is possessed this is what it
sounds like when I send a text message
it's possessed you guys I don't know
what happened but my phone just sounds
sounds weird also I just texted randomly
the words dog and fights that is weird
this is our son baby boy he's gonna do
amazing things this is what happens when
mommy puts daddy in charge of dressing
your kid yeah look at that he's in a
tuxedo shirt is so dope and like these
basketball short ladies
Chucky dad look at these turkey ties so
cute like a dork
no he doesn't I want one of those shirts
I need one of those shirts you guys
right so I can match him match the swag
going on right here
thank you of course he was so gosh is
bright today and I forgot sunglasses so
now I'm gonna look at you with my eyes
closed
thanks really hi ru um but anyways
there's left the house with my hair like
oh I could all I could not motivate
myself to do it today so I was like
whatever I'm over it I'm just gonna go
with the whole mommy look and I didn't
really get my hair I just kind of
turn it up in a little button so y'all
want us I'm gonna phone now it looks
cute yeah but anyways it look is it is
black but anyways it look is it is black
is like gonna spit up on four words at
once is actually a really nice air today
I think that a lot of the smoke has
blown out of our area of course it's
still in San Diego and I just I feel so
bad for everyone in San Diego they got
locked up yeah and I totally I did not
well I do not blame them because like
last night I went to the grocery store
and it was so bad people walking wrong
with me and it was like I got into the
store and I had like a headache and I
felt sick my stomach is bad you imagine
living actually next to this world like
awesome earlier they actually caught two
people to a 17 year old and a 19 year
old really they were there made two
arrests so
so scary definitely aren't smelling
anything anymore because last night even
in our house you're like yeah it started
coming in the house my mom was getting a
headache and I was like my eyes are
burning and really Beverly excites we
just um booked our flight we got
everything set for our trip next month
eventually be the comments where you
think we're going I'm really excited I
think that it's going to be hopefully we
are doing like two trips next month
yes yeah we had VidCon VidCon we're
really excited XP arquebus monkey it's
not too far away no but we are going to
stay there yeah we already say just
because we think it it'll obviously add
to the experience to get to like
actually hang out and have to drive an
hour and a half home ever it was going
to VidCon let's go to VidCon because
we'd love to see you yeah we can't wait
to meet you guys
is he always just a chocolate shake and
she don't like whipped cream so it's
always my job she'd do it for you I'm
not complaining digging on my lady oh
look it's got a little like chocolate
swirl all up in it that's pretty fancy
miss - oh my gosh it's good like the
best no changer ever had boom we got all
your new toilet I see you guys it's a
cell phone because he's always reaching
for our cell phone right so we're like
we have to use this like it's our cell
phone so yeah he's been he's been seeing
us like make calls and stuff on it
oh did you want it did you wanna play
with our phone hey you wanna say thank
you go
maybe that way he'll be interested in
his own toy hey wait you gotta check
your email bro here you got an email
read it
who's it from oh yeah look at this
sandwich you guys oh yeah food porn
oh all he's got his apple and carrot
how's that he got really oh he's like
hey I just want the cops we are back at
gang stop I swear I your life
Brian soul is kiss three go and he got
like store credit like I am
what is this sinkhole but I really like
playing games with Brian and just
obviously it's one of those games that
you have to play by yourself but I also
really like Nintendo games I want to
play like Mario and stuff like that man
had no girl all the way yeah I'm just
not like a PlayStation or a little so
I'm thinking we're gonna go ahead and
see what they'll give us for that and
there's a lot we can just sell on eBay
yeah I have all that store credit and I
was like well if you want something
different you know yeah so we're thing
about going maybe the Wii U which is
obviously Nintendo but also using the
chance to play with friends I mean like
it's like sitting down at night after
all he goes to bed and we can just like
my deathly hallows thing came off of my
keys this lady this lady right here
well she's speeding I'm like about to
complain if up her using all my trade
credit and she's over there feeding my
son but we got her the Wii U Wii U and
actually we didn't spend like and hardly
any extra money so pretty cool little
trade and we did there but now what we
gonna get some ice cream
at Baskin Robbins it is sorry I'm bright
and we both forgot our sunglasses
good is this considered a crotch rocket
you guys so tell me see I really want a
motorcycle Ike that she's like that's a
crotch rocket they're not safe and I
don't know because I think I could own
it
what do you think owned it as not as an
purchase it but like be able to ride
well I'd I'd probably like oh oh oh yeah
he keeps eyeing the ice cream Oh
oh my god that is so cute
like that happen now you got guys can
yeah David so we got back some of the
art that we did last week at Mother's
Day at that pottery place and so I'm
going to show you how they turned out
they're going to turn out really really
cool we didn't get all them back though
like my plate we didn't get back and
Cassie's dog bowl so it's kind of a
bummer they'll be done tomorrow but we
got my mom's which is really cute it's
got like polka dots it's got polka dots
inside and it's just really bright and
colorful which i think is cool and then
Bryan's is really cool it's got that
blue and it's got like this white
speckle the sponge paint on it and it
just kind of has like a lot of character
it looks really cool too and then we've
got my brothers which is kind of funny
it's a like a dark green and a brown I'm
sure he'll like that oops
a glass of Chevron which is cool and
then my dad is really cool it's the oil
one and he calls it oliver oil cuz you
know olive oil but he put an R on it so
it's olive oil and Oliver helped paint
this he's got his like fingerprints all
over it and my dad kind of drew some
vines on it I actually think it's really
cool it's got a lot of character and I
think this is something that we can keep
for a long time of course it has the
year on it 2014 so that's really cool
now I'm really excited for mine though
and it won't be here till tomorrow but I
bet it's gonna look really cool
you take your kids place better yogi oh
I love seeing my dog of my baby bond
it's like the most amazing thing
who's that baby karma yes he's just
trying to steal food love kind of love
we got some Wii U action going on Just
Dance so excited about this because last
time Cassie played it with her friends I
was super pregnant is the day before all
he was gonna be born and actually if you
go and watch the day Oliver was born
I totally pulled out some cool one
direction - he says he was I don't
remember that go serious oh yeah I was
like like where's my baby movie but
I really wanted to play just dance is
the gamepad is really interests you like
control the whole thing like with this
tablet nails really gonna have a 3ds
here yeah this is like a 3ds yeah yeah
like if Brian's playing is ps4 on here I
can play my three like - you're gonna
work here yeah totally
it's so crazy pretty totally cool so
casting her are gonna do some dancing
see you follow the girl on the screen do
what she's doing okay these are some
weird dancers again I'll just throw it
Lady gaga come on you did so good babe
ha ha boom the one crazy one
here we go with seeing Brian alright
guys we are pretty much all sweaty and
tired right and now we're gonna check
out Super Mario 3d World
this is one that I've actually been
wanting to play so I heard it was out so
pretty excited with that but I'm gonna
go ahead and the vlog I hope you guys
enjoyed it click thumbs up if you did
and if you guys didn't see Missy's
breastfeeding update I'll have it linked
below so you can check it out and see
what's been going on and we will see you
guys tomorrow bye we just got out of
seeing neighbors and it was so funny did
you like it my sister said it's even
funnier than knocked-up I don't know if
it matches knocked-up but it was friggin
awesome ok out here guys smell it in the
theater event we really in like the
clouds California is like burning to the
ground
