come here I get a little marks on his
eyes can I get out now
God look at that
Oh kids Got Talent yo son baby that boy
is going to do amazing things
hello Steven is our sixth year hello
everyone it's awkward
hello everyone hello everyone you don't
really realize it but there's like
thousands of people right here it's
weird it's just a camera and you don't
think about it when you're talking I'm
just gonna get into this for a second
we're not nervous when we talk but if
you were to go in front of a crowd of
let's just say how many people we get
like 25,000 views let's just say 25,000
people if you were standing in front of
a crowd of 25,000 people we do not be
peeing your pants
I'd be peeing my pants exactly I you pee
my pants but yeah that's what we do
every single day but we did it doesn't
feel like it it just feels like I think
that's why people actually put a lot of
like false confidence on youtubers and
like they think like when they meet us
we're gonna be like hey but really we're
like freaking out because we're like we
look at a camera all day not millions of
people exactly it's so different like
yeah and then when you guys meet us for
like we're just as nervous as you are
that was just super random yeah that was
swimming it was so awesome all he did
great hopefully doesn't fall asleep
worried he'll show the rings around his
eyes from the oh yeah I think so
he kept tomorrow all the whole time is
so cute he's getting so good at swimming
um but Brian dragging me to chick-fil-a
and like hey seriously okay Missy I
don't think this has ever been through
the drive-thru chick-fil-a but it
literally is like around the corner
dude like 20 people she's like wait
that's what you do is like yeah but it's
so busy
this this restaurant is so busy all the
time it's ridiculous in that new grilled
chicken that they have is so good they
like marinated seasoner and I've ever
gonna chick-fil-a fan don't kill me for
those of you who are chick-fil-a fans
because when you're a chick-fil-a fan
it's like it's like it's like right up
there with the in and out thing yeah it
is it is so anyways chick-fil-a is not
really my favorite thing it just feels
so greasy but the other day I had it and
it wasn't that bad and I kind of liked
the sauce that I was using is like honey
mustard I look at one of every sauce
yeah he did I don't even have you opened
every single one and I was like okay
which one says like oh I have no idea
I'm like okay look at this you guys when
you asked for one of every sauce at
chick-fil-a they even give you mustard
and mayonnaise both kinds of mayonnaise
even not funny
what up kid what's he eating yeah
tomahto eat your tomato eats a tomato no
he's picked it up oh and I thought later
actually is so nice that Olli it's so
cute you put in the kitty you can't be
he's gonna get you oh that's actually
the one spot you do not pet on a cat in
the belly why I was I saw this diagram
and it showed all the places you can pet
a cat and the belly was like off-limits
what ya pinning his belly yeah but he
will attack you yeah I get your bad look
he's hot a little bit too much to drink
yeah
come here yeah look he's getting oh you
know can I rub your belly can I rub your
belly get everybody a good little kitty
look a little kitty out of your baby
give me give me give me give me give me
look at all that smoke you guys this is
right out our window tons of white smoke
there be a fire here I mean if it's
arson and go anywhere foot the way if
there isn't a fireman
the wind change and then a smoke out
there easy yeah I've heard that they
said like if you have lung problems or
like breathing problems to probably like
stay inside so it's crazy because I know
like people in San Diego have been
having to like stay inside because the
air quality so bad but like oh it's
coming all the way out here now that's
nuts
yeah I know I really hope it wasn't
arson I really hope that there's not
someone who exists in this world that
would light ten fires in California it's
not one person I bet it Wow very high
shoulder oh well yeah and then it's like
a bunch of people who are like oh now
that they're the fire were there then
like more people start coming out and
doing yeah I don't know I believe that
people aren't that I don't know it's
hard for me to fathom someone like
that's just a pure active evil you know
what I mean so I really hope that it
someone isn't trying to burn down
California cuz I like this state I want
to stay here please
do not burn it down we actually are
sneaking out of the house and we're
headed to a movie all use take a nap is
so Cassie Cassie's been really willing
to help us out this week like a ton she
was like I want to be someone babies
that were like alright cool so we're
gonna go check a movie but I gotta say
this
like air out here is terrible I think
that this whole valley because we kind
of live in like a family area is turning
into like a trap for all the smoke I
mean is really bad it's really scary
so I but I still really don't think that
there's a fire I think that like I mean
obviously the fire over there but it's
it's pretty far away from us I really
don't think that you know our county is
really threatened very much but no it's
definitely getting a little bit closer
to to look too close for comfort you
know I'm still really scary hoping
everyone over there in San Diego is
staying safe and evacuating if they need
to
all right so we just got out of seeing
neighbors and it was so funny do you
like it
my sister said it's even funnier than
knocked up I don't know if it matches
knocked up but it was friggin awesome
okay out here you guys smell it in the
theatre event really in like the cloud
smooth California is like burning to the
ground it's burning down there they're
trying to get rid of California it's
just crazy
it's like whites guys Missy's get work
done she's gonna do her breastfeeding
update which she was supposed to do
yesterday she's slacking you guys all
right but you're all set up okay so do
you think not about chicken wearing
Oliver is playing with an T and I hear
that laughing quite hilarious Lee what
is going on in here
he looks genuinely like he was angry I
just consider laughing and he's are
laughing at me he loves this bean bag
well mommy's doing work we're just gonna
hang out but I think this is so funny
look at this you guys this is our baby
monitor and there's Missy tucking it for
the camera I can basically spy on her
was she doing she talking about you
kind of truck if your buddy you still
confused does mommy come on come on oh I
was some good walking I always like
every time he walks it on my camera I
finally had it I got like the last half
of it that was so good kid alright just
finished my breastfeeding update and in
the video actually was complaining about
my eyes because they are bloodshot red
they're like watering because the smoke
out here is so bad I think especially
because I'm wearing contacts I think
that it made my eyes really really dry
and they just they hurt it and they're
like they were like watering and they're
red and it looks like I've either been
crying or I'm high and I'm not so in the
videos like my eyes are really red
even though is all about breastfeeding
if you wanted to go check it out it
should be up right now talk to all about
breastfeeding my experience with it is
actually I think it's going to be kind
of an interesting video especially on my
personal experience and hopefully
helping other moms you know their
breastfeeding I heard you're really
tired and ready to eat and go to bed is
that true see yeah duh
so we got a first going on over here
Missy's actually editing her own
breastfeeding update so this should be
interesting
as visually just going through them like
you know all I'm doing is like cutting
and deleting and and like compressing it
all together and so I'm like hey babe
why don't you come over here do this so
I showed her um a couple of the tools
that she can use and really weren't
totally inspired by Ellie because Ellie
Meachem started editing her videos and
she was learning and I was like I gotta
get Missy learning it cuz I would love
to take breaks with editing how are you
amazing she is now editing her video can
you hear me like it's gonna take me
years no it you just have to you just
have to go out of him you're doing a
fine job I promise you but anyway yeah
go check out that video I'll have a link
below in the description if she ever
finishes that should be interesting but
we got Olly to sleep and actually this
monitors dying it when it's dying it
goes beep
beep beep I can't find that George turn
the course that's really annoying anyway
I hope you guys enjoyed today's walk I'm
gonna go ahead and edit here click
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and if
you're not subscribed to our channel go
ahead and subscribe because we put out a
video every single day on this channel
just to show you our life as a young
couple as a young family and we have
lots of fun that's basically it thanks
for watching we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye so cute sitting in the pool on Saudi
this is the callee life happy baby he's
pretty happy there because little exile
curled up next to me a happy a chance
even if there's a ton of like it's like
a big cloud like along this frigid
mountains and that's kind of where the
fire is but I don't think it's that it's
gonna like come over to us or anything
we're not like really scared but that's
