good day everyone all you want to say
good day good day
do amazing things
yes it's not morning time we are
actually headed out to go so with me
we're going to my aunt's house go
swimming always got this the door we'll
head on which whenever he's got it on I
just think it is the most cutest thing
in the whole world oh really tiny no
swimming hopefully the waters not too
cold though it's always am I worried now
I don't like going swimming in cold
pools he doesn't like swimming in cold
pools but I'm excited we've got all the
essentials we got water snacks sunscreen
the bathing suits towels and of course
there's a GoPro in there so we might get
some cool shots we're getting ready jump
in the pool actually feels really nice
it's so hot it's like over 100 degrees
right now and I just had done skimming
it which I can still see a lot of stuff
it was really hard to do but we're gonna
go inside and eat a little bit of lunch
we brought some put a local a my aunt
Sonia in here we're kind of just taking
over her house I've got naked baby here
he's got a put on his swim towards you
ready go swim in the old red cheeks it
is hot outside it's like a hundred
degrees is it's pretty big I thought I
saw the temp over there like a hundred
degrees well yeah 113 degrees 30 degrees
I don't think it's 9:30 but it's pretty
secure bride it is very warm out there
so it's crazy that last week it was like
in the 70s ya know it's over Henry's
forgot some la loco Brian can I come
yeah he has like tons of work to do so
he's gonna be sad when he sees how nice
this pool is just walking around good
walking grain he's like alright I'm
gonna crawl around oh man what up guys
today has just been one of those days I
don't know I just haven't felt
completely myself today I don't know why
like I let Missy go off with oli to go
swimming so that I could attempt to get
some work done but I don't know man I'm
just having an off day and I I debated
about talking about it I just feel like
obviously I'm gonna be true to you guys
you know what I mean so I'm not not my
normal giddy happy self
today I don't know why kind of hit me
this morning I woke up and
took care all over and then I took a
really long nap haven't been eating a
lot today
so I'm kind of hungry I'm probably crank
I don't know I think I've told you guys
that I use like a special kind of
sunscreen for all over but I don't know
if I ever actually showed you what kind
of I use so I use badger broad-spectrum
SPF 30 and basically all it is is ink
oxide it's that's like that's like the
only ingredients other ingredients but
it's like the main ingredient and it's
it doesn't have like all the unsafe
chemicals that could were the stuff that
could be unsafe for babies and it's a
it's probably one of the safest
sunscreens out there and I really like
it it's a little bit thick and it's a
little bit like look like I don't like
it very much but it is yeah the texture
is just kind of like yeah I think it's
just important that you know people know
everyone has days where they just feel
off I feel like I'm kind of stuck in
this lull like this loop where like
every day is kind of the same I'm
working and and and getting things out
and trying to meet deadlines and stuff
like that I don't know if it's like
finally catching up to me or finding a
break or vacation or something although
I know you know we're gonna get we're
gonna have lots of fun this summer but
man today I don't know I just feeling up
to it so
Missy's running off with ollie and
they're probably having a blast at the
pool I should have gone because I
thought I'd be able to get to work some
work done but I'm waiting on something
so I really can't get any work done so
kind of just feel
boom you know I'm saying but that's okay
because tomorrow's a new day you know
what I just realized I think I need a
burrito he's getting used to it yeah
it's not too bad but actually he's like
super enjoying the water kick in and do
you like it don't you
it's the first time and she's actually
taking him swimming
I've never been in the water like we
actually wanted to yeah playlist yeah
yeah you didn't like it
oh hi like me thank you he's like
splashing and stuff
taking a little ride with mommy a lot of
fun this water is really really nice and
I'm thinking we should try a nursing in
the pool on a floating what do you guys
think sounds pretty nice huh we're gonna
get back in I did it you guys I finally
changed the chalkboard Maci did the last
one and it's been up there for ever I
think it's been like three months but I
just redid the chalkboard bear with me
while I hang it really simple just says
you are my sunshine you are my sunshine
my only sunshine you make me happy when
skies are gray I always love that
something growing up but it's been
really really sunny and bright and hot
here so I thought I'd do something sort
of summary I just now noticed that the
sunshine connects down a little that's
bothering me
but whatever basically because Missy and
oli
are my sunshine whenever I'm having a
bad day I can look at them I can play
with them I can talk to them and they
just make the world a little bit
brighter place for me you know
definitely needed that today new
chalkboard design do you guys like it if
you do give this like a thumbs up to let
me know cut thank you bye so cute
sitting in the pool on a floaty
this is the callee likes happy baby he's
pretty happy so his little legs all
curled up thanks to me and I see a
chance even if there's a ton of like
it's like a big cloud like along this
ridge of mountains and that's kind of
where the fire is but I don't think it's
that they're gonna like come over to us
or anything ever not like really scared
but definitely over there you can see
like planes and stuff happening there's
like nine fires though right now going
on is kind of scary of an eight of them
and have suspicious origins also
possible eight arsons that's really
scary did you have a nice look at nap
he's like I'm just go to bed we had the
best time swimming and he is worn out
but yeah we just spent like three hours
in the Sun look who's home it's my Ollie
pop oh and my wife beat pop become
Karma's been here the whole time
Hanukkah like Missy you see what I did
notice anything different
it's effing hot like 102 degrees alright
this is Brian always new thing that they
love to do yeah you know how all he
loves looking at himself in the mirror
who's in the mirror who is now you throw
him in front of you who's that I slept
throwing this kid around yep he seems to
enjoy it too knowing what is bathroom
over this one belongs to you
but look what just came on guys in the
cold by acceptance sometimes we got a
little hair on you hold that sometimes
when I get in my car random old music
will start playing and it makes it just
like the ultimate throwback in today's
throwback Thursday and acceptance he's
not now playing in my car which is
awesome I saw this band I think they
opened up for the Academy is or Chiodos
I'm not really sure it was in my
Seamster days when I was in high school
Bom Bom Bom mom I got myself a buttery
stall for dinner and this why I love
free birds you guys I had a free burrito
on my card and they actually ended up
giving me everything for free and I even
snagged a couple desserts for Macy night
because they make the best brownies and
did you guys know that today is national
chocolate chip cookie day so I had to
get a cookie as well as the pot brownie
look at that cute little baby sleeping
away
Oliver is asleep you fell asleep anyway
I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog
we're gonna go ahead and end it here but
if you enjoyed it give it a thumbs up
and if you guys didn't see the behind
the scenes that Missy did on her channel
for the I am the mother video go check
it out I'll have it linked below and she
might have a video up on her channel
tomorrow or it might be the next day we
don't know but anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed this video thanks for watching
and we will see you tomorrow bye all the
smoke from the fire we can see it right
over these hills that is crazy I can't
imagine what it's like right like having
your house burned to the ground like
that would just be
devastating I was just reading a tweet
at the red light to that Heidi while
they were napping host and I guess
they've already evacuated 15,000 homes
that's like 15
