Wow Wow
look at that big old smile that's my
good boy
what oh that's kind of fun you can have
once you have little ones you can throw
around huh this is our son baby this is
a boy is gonna do amazing things all
right guys so today we're starting a
whole new little venture there's a lot
of emotions about it but basically we
are gonna start looking for a new house
it's really exciting definitely
interesting because we're we're
basically I believe are still a lot of
like things that are up there but I
believe we're all going to go ahead and
at this point split up from my parents
because right now we're all live
together we all help each other a ton
especially with finances and stuff like
that this point we kind of are feeling
like we're it's probably about time that
we can start splitting up just because
obviously we have Oliver and we're
thinking about growing our family is
starting to get to that point I mean
personally I think we're both a little
bit like sad about egg we lived apart
for them for a while then we kind of
moved back in with them and we loved it
we we actually love living with my
family not a lot of people can't do it
and it's really enjoyable it's really
helpful and really nice but you know
it's actually kind of getting to that
point where might be time I'm growing
the house
we are outgrowing the house if we want
to have more kids I don't know if we've
had more kids in a house and even though
we can get like a bigger house but you
know it's just stuff where we kind of
want to have our own kitchen and have
our own like little space and so we're
kind of we're excited we're really
excited but it's also like this mixed
emotions like I'm gonna I don't know I
really just love living with them but
when I get I'll bring in to like this
whole new sort of dynamic for all of her
like going to see Mimi and Papa besides
just walking down stairs yeah I mean I
think it'll be fun for him to us it's
like anticipating like
you haven't seen Mimi and Papa on a dare
to go see you know where you see them
you know yeah all right so we are in the
house the only we don't make those
hardwood floors throughout the whole
thing yeah well especially with Olly
because like this is technically like
the living room area well there's also
another living room over here or like an
entrance room it's very odd but it's all
hardwood floors so there's no carpet
downstairs it's kind of a bummer for
Olly because he likes crawling around
and walking around and needs to be like
nice and soft for him so we don't really
like the downs but we like the upstairs
it's got enough bedrooms big master
would I like the bathroom
bathrooms are always nice nowadays huh
huh hey buddy
hey yeah I'm fine double sink big old
tub shower toilet room have the same
setup as a previous house be like the
upstairs I mean like the location it's
not digging downstairs though that's not
working for us but this is the first
place we looked at you know so I don't
think we were expecting it to be like
the one that goes a lot to because of
the wood floors that's not good for
audio babe
oh I have motion detectors that ring
every single time simply walk in from
them okay what is this this would be
honest hubby yeah no one really like
what is supposed to go right here cuz
there's that and then this my arm is
killing me day cabin
and it was coming this he has the
hiccups really bad pick up her oh I
think our kids awake yeah he's like just
lay there like how come I'm laying down
you okay
you get a nice nap he always does that
when we lay him down he likes like you
know what are they down he like leans
forward you
oh yeah beef dip in action
got that you got to happy sandwich right
there dang you got this Dacus junk
looking French Dip shout out to :
Oh Oh Ali Ali is making a mess hey how
about you shout out to the person who
spit their gum out right here it's got
stuck to my shoe and went all the way
into the front seat of the car so I'd
stuck my shoe got a wipe look disgusting
who does that hey al yeah yeah yeah
Ali's got a toy and he knows karma wants
it
Oh Karma all right let's go oh yeah hold
on to that one drop it
yeah give it drop it okay give it to Ali
hey don't take it front
offer you the nose
he's like I know you want this few
minutes ago he started just like walking
across the room laughing cuz he knew a
karma wand it was so funny it's not
really Karma's toy it's all East Karma I
was like yeah you can have it you got it
oh good you good boy not a very good boy
trying to stand up can you stand up yeah
you're trying to get to Karma hey come
and get it boy kind of just had like a
parenting freakout kind of thing
happened well we didn't have these gates
up all he's like walking around like he
does right next to it yeah she's sitting
right there and he's walking toward
Missy and he falls hard and he smashed
his head right on here show him what you
got show him your shiner it's so big and
red
I kind of broke the skin a little but
he's he cried obviously but he's happy
now and we're I sing it trying to not
make it so try not to like let it get
too swollen but look at that pretty and
notice that is so gnarly baby oh poor
guy
oh my gosh daily bumps yeah
Kayleigh bones is getting literal but
you guys should try and make us feel
better in the comments and tell us some
of your scary parenting stories I'm sure
every parent has a story you know I
think mom and natural was telling one
where she got oh are you okay oh my gosh
who is this kid I think uh-huh what was
I even talking about I can't focus cuz
our son is disaster prone we need to put
him in a freaking bubble but mom and
natural had a story which she's told
about where she thought Griffin had
fallen down the stairs do you remember
that it was crazy I was like we have
these moments as parents where we're
doing everything we can and bad things
like that happen and it's so hard it's
hard to not blame yourself
you know what I mean cuz I'm in charge
this little guy yeah he's starting to
stand up from sitting position to start
walking okay
Carmy you cannot have mr. max I guess
it's like something we just have to get
used to now that he's walking yeah we
all have to be more careful yeah well
I'm sure to you at the new place we'll
have a designated area for him this is
kind of like normally he's not like
playing in front of a TV or a bed you
know he's going to be playing in a nice
area
look at these my corn is growing like
crazy unless I showed you them though
it's like start out of control oh look
at this we got a fatality a how did this
make that why is there a toy buried in
our plants dog do you think karma put
him in there we posted about it on
Instagram and how there was something
stole one of our plants just straight-up
ate it all so my dad bought a few more
plants and put like cages around them
they got into there and stole the plant
ate it down to the nub tomatoes Brian
growing tomatoes that could see it to
little baby tomatoes tomatoes I actually
just so happen to watch it's Judy's time
today and Benji was talking about
tomatoes on his plant and I was like oh
I wonder if I had tomatoes on my plant
Aladin he's trying to make the bump go
away
what's your pick I'll see not now Bob
Monica Monica Bing I just watched that
episode yet really Monica bang uh yeah
that would that works okay so I don't
know if it's normal to like have to
restart a mission like five or six times
or if I honestly just suck at playing
watch dogs playing it I'm just not very
good at it I don't know why yes you are
no we're bad gamers huh yeah but we have
fun alright Deborah will that that rule
that is there gonna be poopie
no boobies all he's getting at bath time
how's your how's your little goose egg
oh poor guy don't seem to bother him at
all it just looks horrible oh hey don't
even act like you're dying so I'm gonna
go ahead in the vlog all versus Lee all
our sleep right where's Allah is it
though
you know what Missy is bad get comfy is
what life's about you guys anyway I hope
you guys enjoyed today's book click
thumbs up if you did karma karma come up
here come a coffee come here come on
brick family hug it's only news Oliver
huh hi I knew you wouldn't lick me in
the mouth but don't please don't
hey guys for watching Elvis HMR bye did
you wanna say hi being quite loud
exactly what I'm tired all right guys so
we were shopping and look at this soap
we just picked up it's called me if it
has one day and actually got some in my
citrus Ling box and we really liked it I
really like the ingredients that are in
it and they smell really cool too there
I know they're really nice mr. Oliver
you just have this coming
