good morning you guys guess what new
camera what I got a new camera today
it's the same one we've been using but
this one has no scratches no dings no
water damage this is the old camera and
it has been through a lot and it is
dinged up and the lens is all scratched
up so yeah no more little ghosts that
follow us around in the vlog because of
the messed up lens that boy is gonna do
amazing things
good morning hi I slept good can you
sing that song say I can't talk yet I
can walk but I can't talk
uh-huh you ready to get dressed and have
a good day yeah
I missed you while you slug yeah I got
so much done that's how it works you
guys I also do that at nighttime I put
them down for bed sort of early for the
night at least for me it is and then I
get tons of stuff done it's really
really nice look that is made so got the
toys out cuz may as well not put those
away laundry's done and all kinds of
stuff he's so funny let's walk over here
whoa those are not fun to walk in huh I
just went through the peel box you guys
look at this we got tons of packages
tons of cards from you guys I cannot
wait to go through these and I already
lost one hang on
ah okay got new game informer talk about
Call of Duty advanced warfare anyone see
the trailer for the new Call of Duty
coming out later oh my gosh it looks
awesome I'm really into like the
futuristic stuff that they've been doing
lately especially on college it egos but
anyway I know I'm learning out for you
guys sorry if my car is a mess well I'm
not even gonna apologize it's a mess you
guys it's just a mess okay I'm gonna go
out there and say it I'd probably need
to clean it today that will be
thing that I put off you going to tell
him about your obsession have I told you
guys about his obsession I don't know if
I have but uh as you can see he has
right now a wipe in his hands and his
mouth I usually watch him if I let him
have it
but he is obsessed with wipes it's kind
of crazy tell them your obsession tell
them you love wipes probably one thing
that I found that he loves more than
like a binky a blanket like it's crazy
um the thing is that we use water wipes
so they're 99% water mostly water and
then just a tiny bit of for excess yeah
come here
um but it's so it's like it's really
safe and everything but he he loves the
texture and I think it feels really good
on his gums because it's cold and it
feels good if he loves wife's he's
always loved like wipes and stuff and
like washcloth or anything that's like
moist that he could like stick it his
mouth
Oh luckily you can't like tear it or
anything but it's so crazy you have an
obsession huh it's a nice nice day so
I've got Holly in his swimming trunks
and we're gonna try getting it it's only
like an inch and it's actually not cold
at all we're gonna see how he likes it
what do you think going it I'll get you
your boat okay
he's like I don't what I can't I don't
know that karma and oli car what do you
dig Oliver you got the puppy in there
with you huh gonna try the slide we what
did you think of that baby no I don't
know what he thinks of this whole
outside pool thing gotta get used to it
give me a hot summer dude karma what did
you think
was kind of fun like it karma can give
Ollie kisses give all the kiss no not
Nemo Oh give Ollie kisses ah good boy
she's like alright I'm getting on no
good he's not mad Hey
he's just not really sure what to do hey
good okay ready
pull my hair up slide okay ready
alright guys so we just open some of
your packages that you guys sent to us
we got tons of cards and letters through
some cards up on here so we got a couple
of newbies and I actually we need to get
something like a like a string or
something to hang cards on because I was
feeling when all of us birthday comes
around we're gonna be getting a lot of
cards and we want to display the cards
because they're really cool you know
definitely we'll have to do something
maybe like update this is like a
heavy-duty tile and it's got all of our
James laning all the stats the day he
was born and a little mug gay nobody
yeah and it did not say who it was from
it just says Oakley's variety shops so
I'm have a feeling as someone maybe got
it made yeah that's what I'm thinking
it's really little thank you to whoever
got it me cuz it's friggin awesome
very well done we got some goodies from
Christine we got some books and oh is
this like a bath book yeah cool that's
it from the Smith family from Ashley she
got us good night moon which we don't
have this no why don't we have that book
I know it's really cute and we also got
where the wild things are which is one
of my personal favorites and actually I
even like the movie I don't really like
the movie but I'm really excited about
the book it's so weird a lot of people
hated on that movie for some reason but
I thought it was awesome was it my
favorite but I think the book is gonna
be really interesting and just really
fun to read there was just so many books
growing up like I loved that book of
like the fish that had the sparkles and
like he could feel it on the cupboard
you guys aren't talking about you know
what I'm talking about
no or there was this book about like
these dumplings that this family made
around the hall I don't know I just
remember all these books that like my
librarian read to me growing up when I
was little and like they just remind me
of my childhood you know don't you have
one of those books I love you forever so
your mom used to read that to you
see we all have a book we all have a
book that reminds us of our childhood so
let me know in the comments what book it
was for you there's a boy and here who
just woke up from is now
app no you didn't just wake up a bug are
you sleeping on this side cuz you got a
big red spot right there
turn off your ocean sounds ocean sounds
good today you guys they're actually
really nice normally we have to listen
Jeff hey boo we were supposed to film
today but he got pretty cranky about
when we were getting ready to and now
it's getting a little late so we
probably don't have enough sunlight so
you're gonna force us to do that
tomorrow aren't you please get out of
things here you go boy there you go Oh
does it a little bit yeah I practice and
keep practicing okay buddy
put a phone over here and he will walk
toward it who stick with the vlog
smiling a zombie get get it get it here
walk with your little pusher you got it
you got it he's really good at this
thing now you guys if you haven't seen
yesterday's vlog oliver full-on walking
a little bit better than he did today
but the point is to just do it every day
so you can get used to it there you go
practice makes perfect alright push your
little thing I still up seeing them walk
with this you know just cruising around
sometimes he goes too fast come on come
on there you go a little squirt and you
hit the chair
one sink sit down the constant battle
huh hey those are pointless right now
you anything doesn't like he's our
screaming yeah like throwing tantrums
yeah he was eating dinner and he only
wanted like a certain food and not the
other food any every time I gave him the
other one he was screaming I was like oh
my god hey I've been looking for you
guys everywhere is like 9 o'clock at
night and my sister's like crap I need
something for tomorrow because she's
supposed to bring like brownies or some
kind of dessert or whatever I was like
hey I would need any excuse to make
brown our cupcakes so I just made
homemade from the scratch chocolate
brownies our brownies chocolate cupcakes
that's some in there cooking but I
forgot to check all the ingredients for
the frosting and so I actually don't
have powdered sugar for frosting which
totally sucks
I do have regular sugar and a blender so
I was thinking about trying to make
powdered sugar half a cup of sugar low
and
alright guys let's check it out ah so
let it calm first I was a look in there
pretty powdery Snape powder sugar I
think I might have left it in there a
little too long though because the sugar
is actually really hot yeah I had a
really small dinner and I've been
craving this all day as I told me seems
like I'm hungry I'm just gonna go down
to Freebirds so it's like 9:20 literally
this place closes in 10 minutes and they
were so nice um and they made me two
burritos cuz misses like well if you're
gonna go you might as well get me me one
so I got her every Oh two got two
burritos from the free box there's
nothing I wouldn't do for a burrito you
guys uh that I like there's probably
things that I would not do for burrito
I'm saying that I love for a bright
bright out I'm so funny cuz Missy's at
home making like these decadent
chocolate cakes too it's like ah but
anyway I hope you guys join today's vlog
I gotta go home now if you guys enjoyed
today's vlog please give it a big fat
thumbs up and if you're new to our
channel subscribe because we put up
videos every single day every single day
you guys did you watch Oliver walk for
the first time in yesterday's vlog go
watch it go watch it there'll be a
little box at the end slide where you
can click and you can go watch that
video ok thank you guys see them all bye
oh my god
be warned Bob I was really good
is he being good again mm-hmm oh my gosh
is that walk eager is he just falling
with style you guys it's it
