good morning guys were getting ready to
head to the Memorial Day service all
he's wearing his oh okay well that's not
the shoe his all-american boy shirt he's
got his striped pants on and one shoe
because apparently that's all he baby
future of the devil this is our son baby
the wall is going to do amazing things
pretty much pretty much they are of the
day but if you want takes one second
eternity
yeah Missy's uh trying to untangle this
thing okay hey and we spoke much water
over here so frantically trying to get
rid of me I'm wearing stripes and blue
I'm kind of American it's right I only
have one that one red shirt but it's
dirty all right come on ready
gibbeh never done it up do it over -
come on let's go all-american boy look
guys I did it
I put the necklace on and it's all
untangled it took me like a good five
minutes but it worked but anyways yeah
we're headed to a Memorial Day service I
used to go to it acid when I was a kid
every year so really enjoy the memorial
service I think that they do a really
really good job at just you know really
thanking all the soldiers that are there
and oh we're headed there right now and
I hope it's good maybe willing to get a
little few shots of you know what
they're doing look at my boys
oh the entire maybe it's about time for
his nap huh yeah I got a water bottle oh
you're this not that Hey oh thank you
he loves it yeah but we are actually at
the cemetery and all the flag yeah okay
nice out here are the flags and for
everyone who is like served in the
military probably yeah I would think so
okay nice these hedges remind you of a
old basketball player like with the big
tear in the flattop you know that's what
I see when I look at these
so gallantly streaming
call it up the marine what visitor John
Christina serves get on up that homie
pick up for them
drill it boy you know how to clap to him
we turn in times of peace as well as in
time for for his divine guidance
you guys are both just so cute now that
because I got all the flags different
branches so the Army Navy Air Force
Marine Coast Guard and then that
prisoner of war missing in action looks
pretty cool cause like the everyone
who's ever served or still serving they
bring them up there because I know it's
not Veterans Day but it's Memorial Day
and basically like they wouldn't be here
without the people who were remembering
on this day you know so good service
them go there you go there you go oh
that was at least a dozen steps all
right carry out all these blueberries
this is one time we have three full
pints in the fridge you guys I'm gonna
rinse these off and eat a bunch these
bad boys this is that big one I found on
the ground Missy and you judged it you
were like no don't get that one oh my
god what's up it's so good oh my god she
also gum all he's got try one
he was eating these last night for
dinner too blueberry blueberry yeah me
huh
those easily buddy Kazi left her Twitter
open on the computer I will go like this
gonna kill you like yeah she's gonna
kill you this is so cute though so we
are headed to the park with the family
we are ulis thank you it's so special
mmm anyways and we're gonna play some
frisbee and bocce ball it's a buck buck
a ball okay ball really no but and we're
just gonna hang out cuz you know it's
more real day and that's actually what
you're supposed to do is like have a
barbecue and hang out the family and do
stuff okay you and Cassie are wearing
like the same exact shirt right Yeah
right
oh you gotta be careful we got Olly
right over here chillin this is the
chill spot and you know it's funny Missy
since you've put him on here he hasn't
gone off this is my area sitting on the
camera bro we also brought one of these
things you guys seen these their little
flyers and it hooks onto this rubber
band with a stick and you basically just
like fling it up like super high in the
air I'm going to show you how it works
okay so you put it hang it like that
grab that and should I go straight up
yeah sure you ready for this yeah
whoa ah it reminds me of one of those
things I had like wings remember and you
threw them up as a kid and then their
wings flew out yeah yeah it goes really
high it's a walking game yeah it's a
start up and go get it we need karma
because he'd go get it everyone Shh
all he doesn't know he has a hat on look
how patriotic he is - he's got a red hat
white shirt and blue shorts my white and
blue but he has no idea he's wearing a
hat he forgot about it as soon as he
realizes it he'll take it off but look
how good it is got ears he's like a
little monkey I think you guys he's dogs
I figured out I actor Twitter yeah hey
Cassie I really liked that picture you
post it on Twitter did you both didn't
you post a picture on Twitter
didn't you it's the cat it's the guy you
left it open it was like sitting there
and it was like tweet something with my
account just do it did you know that at
braylin is the coolest person ever good
now you do so is the atmosphere landing
I was just cool she is oh that's okay
you're cool in your own right
yeah Missy gets really into this game go
mom
yeah just not slap her on the butt best
way to get them going
come on
rolled it for my
bacon then come on touch mean I will not
wait it is very far got this Brett I
mean no don't you can't do it wrong yeah
you can't do it you can't do it and use
a little tag to fling it then allowed
whatever you're not gonna do it cuz when
you softie feet away
nice Kathy yeah yeah alright doing you
can take all the points if you get the
closest yeah I win again I ran again my
dad just introduced this thing that was
a part of my childhood here we go here
we go what's this I think a finger a
dentist the figure death was a thing to
fear as a child not really fear but is
it tickle yeah it's a tickle finger wait
if I take the finger and show that my
nose then we're good it's like the trip
tonight to Superman right don't tell
Oliver yeah finger it dad
he's already starting to get the tick
whole thing this is another one that my
dad used to do name five candy bars
right dad oh yeah my baby food yeah I
think my favorite homemade ribs on
Memorial Day check these out you guys
these have been in the oven all day
Memorial Day ribs all right you guys all
he is asleep and we're gonna go grub on
some ribs I wanted to go ahead and end
the vlog before and let you guys know if
you have not seen the new look who's
walking up so you have to go watch it
it's called the sleep fairy it's super
cute it's super educational Jenny June
is so smart she's given us so much help
over the past like two weeks regarding
all of her sleep and so I wanted to
really incorporate that into a video
those videos have always been really fun
but they've also been also like
educational and we want to keep that as
we move forward with these videos too so
I hope you guys like that video go check
it out if you haven't already and yeah
it's Memorial Day I always think in my
grandma even though like she didn't
serve in the military but I always think
of her because this was always a holiday
where like I always like saw her sad and
I never really saw her sad but she was
just always remembering her husband who
served and you know now they're together
and it's it's a cool thing to imagine
that this is no longer a sad day it's a
happy day it could be a happy day for a
lot of people can also be a sad day but
let me know who you guys are remembering
on this date in the comments below if
you guys just want to say something
short about them you don't have to give
away like their name or anything like
that you should say just say like
grandma grandpa great-grandpa whatever
thank you guys so much for watching give
this vlog a thumbs up we totally just
love and appreciate your support we have
some really really awesome things coming
up this summer is gonna be a summer to
remember and I hope you guys are excited
for it I sure wish we were sure tomorrow
boy you think uh make it oh my gosh they
was like what are we attack us right
make you're nothing at their home cut
negative stupid enough to do it is it
Brian
look at this humongo blueberry I just
found it was on the ground it's okay
that hasn't been stepped on all you got
to do is rinse it I'm adding it to my
bucket see was
