get it get it get it you working out
this is our son baby
they're boys she's gonna do amazing
things
she's always gift
Papo Papo Papo good job buddy get your
morning workout huh Olli are you
admiring all the photos of all the
mommies good morning guys I am getting
ready to start removing the pictures
carefully without tearing my wall too
much I stuck most of them on the wall
with sticky tack and so now I have to
try and get the sticky tack off
carefully without leaving too much on
and then some of them I stuck them on
with tape but the tape doesn't seem to
be very sticky so I think the tape is
actually gonna be easier to take off
gotta take all these off hey look
there's my own family bit Olli don't
give let's show them how you walk okay
see these little beads okay just kind of
walk to here nope whew okay hey come on
good job yeah
oh so close we're letting were you like
we kind of keep scooting this just a
little bit further away and then he's
actually taken like one to two steps
he's like hug I never get the beads oh
hi hi I say I can walk why don't you
 me walking hey guys we are your
cage
this is going to do the flamin finger
ready
you're always like I could do that okay
she had plenty of time laughter you are
almost there you're totally good I know
it's like skips the last four seconds I
think our favorite is always the Deal or
No Deal one huh yeah yeah and it's
iconic because it's like the first thing
we did in our very first vlog you guys
remember that four hundred and sixty
something days ago very loud here awful
stuff going on all right now we are
doing some miniature cool
what are you doing you get attacked by
the tree by Nature
so what happens when you go out enjoy
the outside air feels so good out here
so we're doing some mini golf with the
family oh I miss official ball keeper
you already got a handicap so you got a
kid good job ollie
any success you have in this is
attributed to the kid today failure is
also a truth a ticket no that's you
failures on you go go hufflepuff and
Cassie's a Hufflepuff she fixed the
yellow ball see
hufflepuff there's nothing wrong with
being Hufflepuff they're very smart and
kind boy : why Messi hole-in-one she
wanted me to vlog her doing this so she
thinks she's gonna do good
Oh oh she's being very peculiar with how
I set up the shot go you want me to
leave okay
I are you wanting to hit me that's
really funny
that's really funny she tried to make a
joke about hitting me in the crotch
Maci are such a rebel they forget what
is this bird just flew right into your
butt I don't understand
this is how it would be if I was
left-handed aka handicapped that was
really good you see that oh here we go
here we go oh look at that look at that
look at that look at that look at that
look at that look at that look at that
look laughs okay I was pretty close
you see election you know no one can hit
you back
Jesse's the only one who would I'm
interested to give your shenanigans hey
he's just a baby he's just along for the
ride all right can we just take a moment
right now Oliver is breastfeeding and
Missy is playing miniature golf well
what is this a house for lunch it needs
to be a at least twice this size you
don't even know what that's from do you
what movie is that from know in the
comments if you guys know
that was awesome but you have all in one
Wow nursey that's hilarious
alright I'm gonna tell my story go when
me and Jimmy were kids hell you can work
like Ted
I was probably like eight or nine yeah I
think I was about 10 or 11 and you're
playing in the backyard we did a bingo
capture we had a feel Golf Club
somebody's they were my grandpa's right
we decided to teach ourselves how to
play ball
so Jimmy holy day they're going to
recreate it
they're like good job Jimmy like settle
down everything went white and I had
this big old black and blue mark how you
feel I didn't even know I hit it backed
up going yeah I turned around this year
what she saw how far ha ha ha so and
then for you right the rest of your life
just changed yeah basically became very
clumsy forgetful just like knock
something loose in my head and then I
just like hey let's just reverse it okay
so busy you got first place I got second
place third in for Jimmy the gyms aren't
third and fourth thank Kathy they're
what I'm better than Brian I want lost
Ryan you got 62 boo
I scored me if I had a baby sucking on
my boobie I put it down a lot better huh
okay so we just left and check out this
loot we got swag there's all kinds of
goodies in here we all up in my swag
actually got has like over a thousand a
little ticket Karma's going to rip that
thing up anyone are your dogs freak it
out yeah look it so warts all over got
candy and their toys
careful cam this you gonna crack the
wind chill it make James really hard
alright Ollie it's dinnertime by the way
you have water all over you and here
Trey what you had to say about that Hey
whoopsies
the other day I made all a bunch of food
and I thought I would just share with
you guys how I stored it once it's made
it really only has a short shelf life
once if it's gone it's really only good
for like 48 hours so you have to freeze
everything I have a big old bag it says
pears and it has a date that I put in
here and everything that's in here is
separated by saran wrap and it has woops
and it's got a basically a little saran
wrap of pears about my butternut squash
and here's all my green beans oh it's
just like a cool little cheap way I
guess to store everything without taking
up a lot of space and using too many
like containers and stuff like that so
we're having peach apple sauce and green
bean pieces so I gave oli
the pig but karma is certain that's his
he's calling before this is hit it's
always sort of it
I'm sorry it's okay baby let me get you
your dinner what are you doing are you
trying to figure out a way to give karma
food I should not be encouraging this
but it's so cute it's like they're like
bonding just oh shoot I can't help it
he's so excited is karma so like
interested in him hey I just heard you
two okay so it's like twelve twenty it's
so late Cole and I have been skyping for
like I don't like couple hours we're
like two little schoolgirls over here
like and I'm like oh crap
I never even ended my vlog I'm like
homie you gotta help me in my vlog dude
it's been the best conversation I've
ever had I like I talked to you more
than I talked about wife somebody and
let me just tell you if you haven't
checked out y'all's latest Mother's Day
video I just tell you how much I cried
I cried a lot I'm like the biggest
crybaby ever chat with this homie
getting rate you wanna you want to end
my vlog for me oh wait how do y'all end
it no just end it how you end it okay
you guys don't know : then go check out
his channel have a link below but thank
you so much for watching today's daily
bumps of vlog if you are new to the
channel be sure to subscribe give it a
thumbs up and we will catch you on the
flipside
other
amazing huh like I'm supposed to be on
the ground it's dirty
don't put anything in your mouth
assistant
every single leaf is going to go in his
mouth you want to push
