good morning it's a beautiful Friday
morning and it's a perfect day to go
swimming I need my bag new berry muffins
do you know the muffin man do you know
the muffin you know I don't know why
muffin tops get such a bad rap they're
the best part of the muffin
last time baby boy basically new amazing
things I wish I liked any kind of muffin
but I just don't like well they're
missing it's essentially an excuse to
eat cake in the morning one time in
health class the teacher embarrassed me
because uh he asked what we ate for
breakfast and I said that I had a banana
muffin and he's like that's basically
cake and everyone called me a fatty Oh
Oh dad what a sad story for the morning
hey Polly blankets are not food you
chewing on your blankie lookit if he
knows that we're stopped and so he's
like it's really impatient he starts
like pushing he's like Hello I'm ready
but look if I do this and then undo this
come on get out
oh you're still helpless huh you don't
know what you're doing kid this kid
wouldn't get anywhere if it wasn't for
us
you owe us you know that I like created
you best Mean Girls reference ever
little kids over there really excited
putting Oliver used two goggles and it's
the cutest thing ever look at this it
looks like a superhero for some reason
doesn't he he's not ripping them off
either let's do it again
are you going underwater with him thank
you
hey buddy cool color
okay so we are back from swimming and I
put all I down for a nap it's so funny
because whenever it's Friday that's the
day he usually chooses to sleep in and
then I can't really squeeze a nap in
before swimming and then he's usually
assuming he's exhausted when swimming
happens and then afterwards he is out
like a light so when he's over exhausted
though that's when he gets a bad nap he
only sleeps for like thirty minutes to
an hour or something so hopefully it's a
good nap in chik-fil-a time grabbing
some chick the love for lunch is that
chick fellow just the best
actually I had chick fila in a very very
long time and it's funny because we live
in a very predominantly Christian town
and so I am in line with everyone in
their mother get it cuz Mother's Day is
coming up and so everyone's taking their
mom to chick-fil-a I don't know yeah
like we just never we just never usually
go and now I am going and it's like the
worst time the line is like crazy
pullin always instagrams and tweets
pictures of chick-fil-a
and I'm always like oh I want to check
my eyes are bad but I never know what to
order I don't know if I just go with
like a classic sandwich or like with
their little nugget things what do you
guys order when you go to chick-fil-a
let me know in the comments below
god it makes my bed did you guys like
when I did the yeah I still have it all
setup up there a few vlogs ago I did a
little time lapse of cleaning the room
which I thought was kind of funny
because I haven't done that I used to do
that um a while ago but it's fine when I
watch um
time lapses of people cleaning it I just
get so like I just love that watching
time losses period but people cleaning
it just makes you feel like wow they're
so they're so good at cleaning stuff up
your chick-fil-a game sign they gave me
a tall bag got lots of goodies in there
I am so hungry
I was like check it in my car it smells
like check out guys yeah well careful
careful
I put the seatbelt around the back off
you thought I was kidding
ha oli where are you
hey you do it in there you playing in
the pillows like a little pillow monster
societies did I just throw them in huge
group of pillows and he gets like lost
in there
buff it up for you okay you ready here
we go oh look how cute that is though
the kid surrounded by pillows hi we've
been playing this game like - wait a
minute she's kind of getting over it huh
Wow yeah where are you where's ollie
there is she's really tried to get out
you see this alright here we go
good effort oh good effort but you guys
look at Ollie right now he's rocking his
shades going on a walk huh gotta keep
him distracted so we give him a water
bottle - on straight thuggin here though
Oh
Oh God hey dad dad where are you
easy playing with karma donkey that Dan
doggy okay cuz karma Turkish kirtland
dead down baby you need to say that down
yeah he's been saying it he's there he's
like kept up ha ha whoa Julie baby pull
the trigger oh gosh what in a world oh
yeah
it's why it's so good out I know it's
like the perfect weather it's amazing
huh
like I'm supposed to be on the ground
it's dirty
don't put anything in your mouth every
single leaf is gonna go in his mouth you
want to push the stroller nah she's just
so cute come on come on come on boy got
leave the ball see this is why we don't
take the ball cuz it's all he can focus
on come on you go down the slide I know
you do go out he's cut ball whoa he
loves that but he loves his ball more he
would rather hold on to that nasty old
ball come on
what are they called Missy says that
these flowers are poisonous there's red
ones and there's white ones and you're
not supposed to eat them what a push in
that line there yard and my gran always
told me not to eat the part I'd be like
I'm not gonna eat the flowers grandma
but just in case you were decided to
make some nice tea just don't use those
ones I don't it wouldn't kill you what
it I don't even know I know it when
people say something poisonous it
doesn't necessarily mean that's gonna
kill you just mean it might make you
sick but I mean you probably shouldn't
eat things that you don't know what they
are I wasn't eating that young I don't
know why she always thought I was gonna
eat the flower wasn't gonna do it like
he's show me your bouncy bouncy bouncy
bounce
all right ready bounce how'd he do it go
bad see buddy oh it was good for all of
it huh he was just going to town on his
bouncer while I was going to the
bathroom yeah
gran because he grounds even be friends
with me bounce out of that thing I got
your bath already it's a bubble bath
today
you're gonna take a bubble bath you know
relax lay back read a book sound good
he loves that boat he used to have
another boat that I let him play with
but had like two parts and it would
always like filled with water it was so
annoying today my Mother's Day video
went out this morning and the amount of
love and support and just stories in the
crazy overwhelming support that has come
through with this video was it
completely exceeded my expectations like
just just you know if you just look at
the number seeing that you know we got
we reached over 6,000 likes in just a
few hours the main purpose of the video
is to reach as many women as possible to
let them hear um that they are a mother
because I think that a lot of women
struggle with that even though they may
not have children with them or if they
do have children with them or you know
just so many different situations and
stuff it's those
I was hearing that you are a mother I
just think it's really important this
Mother's Day and I don't ever want to
forget you know that feeling of Mother's
Day when you just you were like I've had
to make decisions that no other woman
should have to make about oh you know
about their child but yet I'm not really
considered a mom and that it was really
devastating I think that it's really
important to know that if you feel like
a mom if you've had to you know make
sacrifices whether it's for your body or
for any reason whatsoever then you're a
mom you know I think sometimes people
are upset because I can't always make a
video like that or I can't constantly
talk about my losses or things like that
because honestly I have to I like to be
a positive person it's really it is a
difficult thing for me to talk about and
so when I do make a video I put my whole
heart and my whole just everything into
it and I I don't hold back I just want
to say thank you guys everyone has been
so crazy supportive and loving and the
stories that I get to hear the messages
that I get to receive and talk to you
guys about about your losses and
everything else is it's just very
humbling and it's um it's just it it
reminds us all the time of work all the
time as to why we do what we do on
YouTube okay baby this is his new thing
I bet every mom gets to deal with this
then baby trying to stand up play with
this play with that and I just want to
say that I could not have done this
video without you guys I think that's
why this video is so special it was a
group effort the amount of community
that was involved in this video really
made it I think it made it more
impactful because it showed just how
many different moms there are and so
thank you guys for helping me with the
video I could not have done it with each
and every single one of you we tried to
incorporate like as many videos as
possible and so if you're gonna make it
in there know that we saw it we watched
it and we tried to squeeze it in go
ahead and the vol I hope you
thumbs up if we did go check out the
Mother's Day view if you haven't and
make sure you share it share it on your
Facebook pages and Twitter's and
instagrams I'm on Instagram but share it
with anyone if you know someone who this
might touch or reach let them hear this
video you will see you guys tomorrow bye
oh and also they asked for the name and
so I said misty and they wrote sissies
on every single one of them I'm like
Starbucks what are you trying to call me
okay I'm just getting coffee for the
house okay I'm doing a good thing also
good I don't even care they can call me
sissy all day as long as they still give
me Quan frappuccinos I'm going to start
cooking which really cooking is food can
be a few out it's like a couple hour job
