good morning guys oli pop is awake he
slept until basically 10 a.m. this
morning which was crazy and now he's got
some oatmeal going with blueberries yep
dogs delicious actually mmm can I get it
on that totally this is our son baby
these are boys is going to do amazing
things would you rather sit in that
chair is that what you're trying to tell
me just go ahead and pull that away you
could just let go that that'd be great
thanks guys
yeah I'm look at this you guys wouldn't
you want to start your day off with just
a big ol bowl of this this is applesauce
blueberries and both Timmy oh hey golly
hi Holly
Wow do you like it or not he's eating it
mm-hmm oh good some of this month oh my
god oh my god it's really bad it's
really bad
Oh daddy doing is he changing your butt
okay apparently it's a really bad one is
away I made him change it that was a
really bad one though he doesn't
normally poop that much there's a lot of
poop on ya and it's really stinky out of
the white stink so bad honestly no
normally Oliver does not have that
stinky of diapers right like they're not
they don't smell like raunchy they smell
bad I mean it's still poop but it's not
like throw-up
that one's really bad good morning guys
I am currently picking these nasty
orange things off my lilies which then
get everywhere I mean it's just it's
really gross I've never had lilies
before but that's what they look like
which don't even look pretty they're
Dingley the ants like pluck them off and
then they get everywhere and it's not
fun here we go
two and one Hey what are you doing did I
change a poopy diaper say all clean
come here he's been walking all around
come on show them you can do it come on
whoa whoa drunk drunk okay welcome
I haven't drinking oh thanks try
a hey guys so I am getting some work
done on my computer we got some really
cool big things coming - look who's
logging on the baby League Channel and
so actually tomorrow a me and a special
guest who helped run the baby the
channel will be coming here and we're
going to be shooting some really fun
stuff and getting some stuff done so
it's kind of been like a hectic work
week for me and I'm just trying to wrap
everything up so that we can get things
started
tomorrow Missy is doing laundry look at
you nice right now you've got like a
very big thing going on right now my
third load under the fold right now
buoy yeah and your place in Mario there
you go eyes the best wife ever
not only does she play video games and
eat awesome food with me and edit videos
she also does laundry and like basic
wife stuff which is pretty dope I mean
you let my son suck on your nipples so
pretty much owe you my life
woohoo I got three loads of laundry
folded I feel pretty good about it
um but it's where the tough part happens
right now I have to put it all away and
hang in all these clothes up which is
kind of the tiring part I actually used
to hate folding clothes like with a
passion and not that I don't hate it I
mean it's still not obviously my
favorite thing to do during the day I've
learned to actually kind of start to
enjoy folding the clothes because guess
what I get to sit down watch a TV show
and fold clothes it's actually not that
bad
I used to literally just keep them in
hampers or just throw them in like my
drawers and stuff like that slowly I
started to like learn to like it
it obviously has gotten more enjoyable
too because I don't work a job and when
I'm like working a job and I'm like
coming home and then I have to sit down
and fold laundry it's like ah you know
hey I am
it to free birds to grab a couple
burritos for Missy and I it's late it's
like 1:30 so it's like a late lunch but
I'm starving and I just I couldn't think
or do much of anything else until I have
a delicious burrito inside my bed eh
today we're actually doing the live chat
with : and Katie and Jared and Ellie and
I'm so excited it's gonna be so much fun
I mean if you guys missed it it'll
actually be up on the channel afterwards
so you can watch it as much as you want
to also I like a billboard for Eddie
Money that really his last name all
right we got three choices for lunch
here Ollie we have apples carrots prunes
and butternut squash opinion okay okay
apples carrots carrots and parsnips
sweet potato corn and apple which one
okay hold on I'm not ready what what
language are you speaking
oh is that the one hey that's the one I
can fetch it oh wait you can't have both
of them okay I think you chose that one
all right we're gonna have apples
carrots prunes and butternut squash all
kinds of good stuff yeah okay hang over
the past couple months we've formed like
a really awesome friendship with Katie
and colon you know getting to hang out
with them at playlist live but also
chaired it Ellie just like talking with
them on the phone and facetiming and
Jared and I have so much fun on Twitter
we just like are in each other's heads
you know it's crazy I'm gonna get out
wait to meet them face to face very soon
as well so hopefully you guys will be
seeing that it's just cool you know when
I think about what YouTube has done for
us as a family but also when I think
about you know what it's done for like
friendships you know because Missy and I
have made some amazing friendships on
YouTube
all right opinions oh wait you can't you
know oh we can't even there here you go
that good then did a good choice say
mm-hmm
and he kept staring at me think it's a
go oh I think it's a what's the word I
think it's a hit
I think it's hit Bryan is working
and me and Kathy are actually really
bored we're like let's go in the house
and then we realize we never got our
painted or stuff our pottery is in here
so we're gonna pick it up right now I
can't wait oh it looks really good all
right let's go ahead and see what we got
here
Cassie's dog toys it's so cute it looks
so pretty it looks really good the paw
prints are just like really cool all
right what do you date it's got the
bubbles which acts things looks really
cool that's that came out really nice
it's a really cool texture and then I've
got the polka dot
his handprint says ollie 2014 and then
this is the back it's really dark so you
can't really read it but it says happy
Mother's Day 5 11 14 good he's got no
chance ah there is whoa whoa weak head
all right let's set this up right now
headed into my favorite store ever
it's called organic roots I literally in
love with the store I get basically all
of all of us food from here so I'm going
to pick up some more just like
essentials that I ran out of I have some
organic uh free-range brown eggs and has
some peas that are already basically
made I just have to a boil then that um
ground chicken breast which actually is
like hormone-free antibiotic-free I grab
one of these apples and grapes just cuz
it's always good to have these available
I've got blueberries bananas apricots
I've got apple sauce which I'm obsessed
with this apple sauce so I kind of
that's for me and then I got this one
for all way which is apple and peach
sauce and of course Kathy wanted a
strawberry ice cream bar she says
they're delicious right so it's like an
actual strawberry like frozen summer in
the midst you like fighting some
strawberry okay all right so we're not
party City and we're looking for a
costume something for a video that we
have coming up on baby League it's gonna
be pretty cool hopefully they have
something that we can work with we'll
see we are literally one minute and one
minute away from our live chat look what
all he's doing he just signed into his
boss he's like I'm gonna play with my
toys guys you play toy bag you ready to
chat we are at the live chat now Macy's
here where's Holly
wait where's Olly Kathy's got it this is
like his Bay six o'clock is like his
where we start bedtime but we are
chatting up that's actually our faces
this is Jared and Ellie's faces can you
get your town with these good-looking
people these smexy people there he's not
doing anything you don't even care look
at it he's like oh there at all and we
are talking to a bunch of you guys over
here in the comments look at all these
haze whoa
someone wants to know semi-colons name
hey oh look at all these guys so we are
just chatting and taking questions and
and having a hilarious time I stole that
from Jared I'm gonna recall in a byte
something about the rhetoric Arthur it's
a prank call well I don't know if the
brake pads a listener I just don't know
my daughter's birthday is coming up
and I also need some information on the
breast pump we got done with her hang
out with all of you guys and then
afterward we spent like an hour and a
half even longer I'm just chatting with
Jared Nelly and : Katie and we just love
them so much there's just such good
friends it was just such an awesome time
we are happy happy happy tonight just
because you know getting to talk with
your friends is always good Holly went
to bed so late tonight so cute
but yeah and he's hopeful he'll Paulo
sleep really good night but we have a
big day tomorrow we have people coming
over and look at my house it is a
disaster and downstairs is really messy
too so I've got lots of cleaning to do
and it's going to be crazy but we're
gonna have a lot of fun tomorrow so make
sure you tune in tomorrow we hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog thumbs up if you
did and subscribe to our channel if you
haven't because we put out videos like
this every single day we've been doing
it for almost 500 days almost $500 days
straight five dollars almost 500 days
straight
we have been doing vlogs and it is crazy
and it's it's just really fun when we
get to do like things like this you know
talking with you guys and you know
making friends on YouTube it's just so
much fun we will see you guys tomorrow
bye
you got comments toy billiard topic
seriously cars favorite game in the
world chasing on a toy all you almost
trapped him
