hey good morning and look at your hair
you got a baby Mohawk going on huh they
just tried that way I got cool hair
I got cool hair like my daddy sunbae me
the boys do amazing things
check this out if I leave this door open
just a tiny bit cracked and he spots it
he like pizzas head out anyone okay
and then he usually makes a beeline for
the stairs you crawl so fast it takes
him like one second flat to get from the
doors to the stairs it's fast so the
doors aren't usually cracked or open or
anything but man if he sees a crack he
just he literally flings the door open
and runs it is the funniest thing huh
what are you looking at you looking at
the big scary vacuum cleaner car scared
of that thing - thinking of mr. Gangemi
head says good morning good morning good
morning
give a like isn't that well oh he's like
I got here alright karma guess what
we're doing today he's so excited little
does he know what's really happening
he's getting a little haircut which does
include the B word yes you gotta get all
clean so you're gonna get one of those
but you're gonna get all this fur all
this crazy fur that attacks Brian's nose
right yes and our bedroom and our bed
and our couches it's everywhere it's
taking over so like it's like a teddy
bear but Brian like finally he was just
like had enough of the fur and so's like
fine I'll take him down and get him
haircut and that's what we do now every
few months we get him a haircut and it
actually really is nice I've learned to
actually like him better with the
haircut than with that huh yeah and I
think he actually really likes it too Oh
is he gonna walk up baby run into karma
car was like excuse me I'm trying to
edge I've got an itch yesterday I know
if you guys remember or if you guys have
watched it but Brian and Jared had a
hair off and so there were Instagram
pictures back and forth back and forth
fighting about whose hair who has better
hair blah blah and he posted this
picture of himself of Olly claiming to
be him and so what he did we
like he's like mmm this is me when um in
1990 my hair has been this cool since I
was a baby blah blah blah right
that wasn't Brian and now everyone's
like oh my god I'm sorry Missy I'm sorry
but they are twins that they're twins
some people are like oh gosh he's really
got his daddy's eyes mouthing like no
that is both Oliver oh so someone
actually Instagram this thank you to
this person who instagrammed it so I can
do a side-by-side you present he doesn't
look like that kid that is him that is
him
gah so I had to leave Brian at home
because I have to drop off karma and
then I have to go pick up Cassie and
whore all her friends from school and
stuff so there just isn't enough room
but Ollie is cracking up he thinks that
this is the most hilarious thing ever to
have a doggy in the back feet
what the heck was going on why is there
a puppy back there it's just like
staring at Karma laughing hysterically
is the funniest thing ever occurs just
like what am i doing in here this is so
funny get all your karma staring at you
you get a little mohawk and your puppy
dog all right you ready to go get him a
haircut you're almost ready for hair
good
let me see is running around doing the
mom thing and I am sorting I'm trying
I'm like organizing pictures and videos
from all the files that we received from
the Mother's Day video if you guys don't
know we received over a thousand emails
almost said a million it's feels like a
million but it's not we usually the
thousand emails from you guys with
pictures and video submissions and we're
just like so blown away you know but I
actually am just like doing a round of
organizing and stuff this is what my
computer actually looks like right now
you guys all these are folders and I
have three more sets behind those so
this is pretty much my day is going
through here because we got a obviously
we can't print every single picture but
we're going to be printing a lot of
pictures for a lot of the video work
that we're going to be doing and then a
lot of the pictures are going to be like
digital we're gonna try and work in as
many videos as we can into it but I'm
just like we're just really proud of
this whole concept that we do and I'm
excited to keep doing this for years to
come you know because I feel like it's
done
a lot of good I'm watching the last
season of the office oh I have it
running on doing it I actually like the
last season I know the last season gets
a lot of flack because you know
Michael's not there and Jim and Pam like
they're taking all these skeletons out
of their claws and stuff but I just
think it's a really cool season and so
I'm excited I've I started with episode
1 um maybe like a month or two ago and
then I just want I just like put it on
in the background like whenever I'm
working helps cuz if it's quiet then I
kind of just go crazy anyone else go
crazy
ethical just kick man that was a rough
one that usually he does fit up a tiny
bit of a Fikes he doesn't like to leave
me um but that one he was like straight
up no I usually vlog it but it was
actually quite sad he was just like no I
don't want to go I don't want to go but
then once he once they get him like away
from me he's fine so it's just like that
it's like leaving and he gets really
upset he's a he's kind of scared you
know but I was trying to keep him calm
but he was just like I think he I even
was shaking a little bit he was so
scared it's always like the saddest part
but he always is totally fine when he
comes out he's so happy and he jumps
around so I can't wait to see him later
but he'll get pampered basically holy
cow you guys is like Christmas in May
right now it's May right okay woohoo
what does seek out the mile you guys let
us know in the comments I'm sure we
could just google it but it's more fun
if you google it and then tell us but we
got an awesome package from Lindsay
today awesome note and she did this for
us it's Hebrews 6:19 which I love yeah
that's so awesome so thank you and Z we
got so many cards and letters and stuff
from the peel box thank you guys so much
we uh this okay and this seriously just
like made my day
we got this awesome packaging card from
Kate Pat and Mason I'm just like so
there were so many goodies in here
they're all like wrapped really nicely
like a little present we got a little
turtle which makes noises you roll it
lots and lots of clothes are these
pajamas babe yeah Oh awesome bajamas and
shirts got commerson balls because we
had his taken off this oh my gosh
now this so coolly it's a little Emmett
and the keychain LED light I wonder if
it sings everything is awesome if not
I'll just sing it every single time
thank you
got some binky's these are actually the
ones that oli uses even huh so awesome
yeah some glasses so Maci can stop suing
mine so many goodies in here look this
is silicon divided plate good morning
oli are you doing your turtle
hey get real appointed with that song
yeah alright all you've got so much hair
so we're gonna see if we can find it a
little mousse in there see if you can
pull out some volume very little
anonymous like that Beach look at all
his hair you seriously never see this
Missy you're gonna look so cool buddy he
looks like he has more hair now still
it's kind of bald but at least you can
see it a little better what do you think
you know you're still handsome loading
up on green beans a little lollipop hey
Rhett roots just grabbing some food that
means we can make the ollie and I'm
totally just cuz he gets blueberries
look amazing okay so we just got done we
just got that Cathy's making funny faces
so he's got back from the grocery store
and I'm a bunch of food for Olly because
I've been slacking in making him food um
so I got these pears green beans spinach
tomatoes which you haven't tried but I'm
going to start trying to introduce them
because I got that tomato plant out
there for him zucchini carrots all right
you ready for dinner
so obviously this food isn't made
tonight so we're gonna have sweet
potatoes corn and Apple I gotta make you
food but gonna take me a while he's like
okay I'll just eat that so always trying
his plate for the first time and he's
trying blueberries blueberries are like
Brian's favorite fruit right no I'm not
gonna be attending to eat them stop
eating that they're really freaking good
go always happens you guys Oliver gets
so impatient that he has to eat and then
when we're eating he's like baby freaked
out
hedid Kogut karma I think he missed us
and they called us so late oh I don't
know if maybe like he was the last dog
they shaved or they like hung out and
partied with him but I thinking that he
really wants to be home so gonna go get
after this excited little puppy freshly
shaved excited puppy jumping come on we
gonna go home you so show mommy your new
coat hi
he smells good they put pumpkin on him
and actually smells really good look at
you you're like a new puppy you should
take that pull you're so stuck I was
like he's always so stuck okay yes it
back okay we're gonna go home okay he's
still looking for Missy he's like
where's Missy she dropped me off I'm
taking you home to her ready yeah
is it give me that damn straight woman
is very bold that's how we do it hey
grace so Faso ah
last our baby is asleep
I put your guys's cards up here I think
we got more do we we have caught other
cards somewhere else I want to start I
want to start putting our cards because
like you guys send us cards are like the
coolest thing if you guys I just want
you to know you don't have to send his
present or anything if you want just
like send us a card with like a little
note in it I love those cuz I like
putting them up cuz I think they look
cool look at that an owl and I think - I
know like Oliver's birthday is coming up
in like 3 months and we just have to say
like don't send us presents Oliver is
going to have plenty and plenty of
presents but if you want to send him a
card you can guys can send him a car cuz
I know a lot of people will probably
want to send something for his birthday
you know and that's totally cool I'd
totally cool them sending cards and we
can even like maybe find somewhere where
we can like display them all really
really nicely and like watch them grow
you know just spend money on all he's
spoiled he's a spoiled boy you don't
need nothing
somebody aunts and uncles and cousins
that who want to spoil him for his
birthday - so Missy I got this game Lego
Marvel superheroes let's play it let's
play it right now
ok so we're probably gonna play this
game I hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog click thumbs up if you did and we
will she tomorrow boys it's Holly what
have you been doing like putting his
hands all over the walls is that what
you've been doing
cut him mud handed we're filming by the
way so this is completely normal right
now he just got mad whatever son ha ha
ha ok ok and voila you got clean baby
and clean wall we're actually working on
a really funny video on
