good morning guys I know what you're
thinking Brian you ended yesterday's
vlog in the same place you're starting
today's vlog and the answer is yes I do
sleep in my bathroom son baby
that one he's gonna do amazing things
usually I end or start the vlog in the
bathroom because it has really good
light that's also probably cuz of the
skylight you guys look at this hair look
how long this hair I don't think my
hair's been this long since I was doing
it like all emo scene hardcore like
years ago you know trying to figure out
what to do with it this morning today a
Saturday here's gonna know the fastest
cheapest healthiest best breakfast
that's gonna make you feel the most fool
in the morning a banana probably my
favorite look at my buddy : and
Alabama's have him for breakfast
chick-fil-a that's not fair bro look at
Katie's face she's very scared this is
why the Internet is evil good morning so
I thought I'd show you guys my hair I've
been playing around my little wand thing
and I just realized that Missy has a
wand and I have a wand - way cooler
things in your life also yours could
actually hurt someone if you're actually
I really look at this burn it's dad
doing her try to do these like you
bigger wave your curls feet I think I
like it even better like this like more
like wavy alright and then I'm also
gonna show you guys my outfit cuz it's a
little bit different so I got this shirt
at forever 21 and then I have these
really high waisted pants and so this is
a crop top but because I'm wearing
high-waisted pants you can't really tell
but you could kind of tell you can kind
of see my belly if I like got a little
belly showing like that but it's cute
cool I don't know that I think it's cute
and I think that it's high outside so I
know it's good it's kind of mosquito it
just feels different
I don't know it's just kind of a cute
outfit that I guess is kind of been and
maybe I can kind of wear it this is
metal off it and I'm excited about it
but we are off to go see at my cousin's
soccer game but first we have to get all
these
baby
you
you okay okay okay okay wait it's
probably cuz the lights are on
maybe it startled them a little yeah
nice fill in that huh does yet a nice
man got my day you say you made that me
too much check us out you guys straight
dogging in the chair backpack who
invented this very convenient
Scud chairs retro back we're trying to
find CJ soccer game but all I see is
baseball
thanks do you think Olli will be playing
baseball or soccer
hey kiddo joining this the Sun CJ's out
here he's number 10 yeah CJ oh oh
they're all kicking it I remember doing
that Missy in grade school
you know you like to eat into do they
make a new PE school yeah oh look they
got a little tunnel going for all that's
so cool traffic jam
you're gonna go explore the field
looking for I don't think that's your
ball but that's cool that you're
interested in game homie get to do the
explosion that was so fun seeing CJ play
it's just cool because one day we'll
probably be doing that with Olly I
didn't realize I was gonna be the son
I'm stupid and I'm pretty sure I burn
like you can't see it but yeah I kind of
feel like my arms too I could Ollie like
totally in this shade and everything but
I couldn't do that for myself oh yeah
I'm pretty sure I got burned so fun to
be like that soccer you know we should
put them in Quidditch they're doing
they're doing it now they played it on
my little college it's the first word
that you guys had your kids and let us
know in the comments yeah oh that you
play taking ideas we've got these
misters you guys they're going crazy you
mister oh but ups that time again oh
gosh it feels so good you like right
under it grab the great grab it you're
so close there you go Oh almost he's
gonna smash it
come on we got him big thing of grapes
and we basically just like scoop it out
from the skin
if you like them earlier Laura got
someone to look at this so I got you
guys got beans corn salsa peppers and it
came with a sauce diffident missing with
a four cheese ravioli this amazing meal
I've been craving this burger yeah are
you kidding me right now
this is in sane oh my gosh haha that's
so cool
we'll just wait just wait for the train
before proceeding just got home and
found a tree in our backyard so that's
interesting cus it's the one with the
swing on it Cassie look at there's the
swing right there this whole thing oh my
gosh it must have snapped right there it
was really windy the other day too so
I'll probably like loosen it up or maybe
cracked it a little but it's not even
windy today I don't understand
down for the count down for the count
I'm now hanging out with my mom and
we're actually able to do something kind
of interesting it's kind of a little bit
of a weird story but my mom has two
other sisters they have kind of gotten a
little bit curious I'm probably cause of
what Brian recently did like Brian went
looking for his dad they've always
wondered if their dad is really together
then kind of what we live our dad is all
three of our dads yes a couple of us
don't resemble him yeah and I'm 40 both
parents have passed away yeah we can't
ask them and so they've always just been
curious like I wonder if I wonder if
there's anything else going on you know
hey they went online and they bought
like this cheap little lame DNA sibling
DNA test so they're all gonna like go
over and swab their cheeks and then
they're going to send it in and then
it's going to tell them whether their
full siblings or half siblings and so if
any of them are half sibling siblings
then
can basically determine that you know we
know we have all of the same mom yeah so
they're just wondering if maybe there's
less agency fun like obviously their dad
is our dad and they love their dad and
he'll always be their dad but it would
just be kind of interesting like oh good
to know
these are her two sisters don't they
look alike they all look I know yeah
they're gonna go ahead and do their
little swab should be interesting and
they just like seal it and mail it in
and then you guys got a letter back
right well somehow it works where they
can tell if your half-siblings and/or
full siblings so we'll know if we're
full or half
you are the instructions away yeah I
really do need someone in these parts by
the way my mom's the youngest so they're
always in charge of everything she's
hanging out yeah well let that well if
you are son who's the oldest here really
uh-huh
good okay is so weird
move it likes twirl it okay hey mom are
you really related to these two like the
worst of days Lee well we have never
done this okay thank you
did you tell your scooter cuz we did
ours like really good I was born yeah
maybe a little bit more they're so mean
to her she's tough on us when we were
kids but then the next two weeks we
should have answers the question that
they're only people that they're really
wondering about is these two right cuz
they don't really look like their dad no
are you look what kind of like she just
looks like she doesn't have a dad thank
you just like Lisa was conceived why
when mom was still married to someone
else and so I'm gonna say that mom that
is yeah that's what we know that to be
right now that to be true it was a big
secret and she could belong to I'm just
hoping to global you yeah we don't know
we just the funny we've always got any
friends there making a sound wait words
there really what it is this is all for
fun really it won't matter either way it
won't matter well it will always be
sisters and our dad mom and dad will
always be our mom and dad oh yeah oh
yeah unless there's money I just want a
rich father oh man you guys Ollie has
been fighting his nap all day today but
my parents really wanted to meet us for
dinner so we're headed somewhere and I'm
hoping Ollie doesn't totally have a
nervous breakdown
it's so funny watching him eat by my
tutors okay if you want it coming
when you see someone else make a sour
face you can almost like taste it in
your mouth like such everyone really is
you guys my little froggies god I can't
find him anywhere
that's so sad I hope it goes back come
back little froggy
okay I'm home now I'm go ahead and end
the vlog there's something I want to
tell you guys Oh guys go to Danny bombs
merch calm and you use the code five off
30 you guys can actually get five
dollars off your orders of $30 or more
so it gives you a little bit of a
discount we just added boring adult
things phone cases we added phone cases
for the iPhone 5c go check it out anyway
that's it for today's vlog oh because
you join it click thumbs up if you did
and we'll see you guys tomorrow
I throw quite gross but kind of mine
because it's just so cute watching karma
like asked Ollie to throw the ball good
boy no it's like you I don't want that
but it's out you there Gandhi I think
they're balking huh so anyways yeah it's
really hot so at least if you can go
swimming then that'd be nice
you want to swim alright ooh
