Oliver has been taking the longest nap
in the history of mankind ever wake up
wake up you've been asleep far too long
seriously what is he doing in there who
needs to sleep for like three hours he's
moving he's moving he's awake probably's
beings allowed this is our son baby
the boy is going to do amazing things
alright you ready to go get the boy we
could use your sleeping face and you
just smile at your puppy dog Oh
karma is a good wake-up call huh he's
still trying to wake up you guys today I
have a brand new camera who needs some
light um yeah it's still the same camera
it's pink and everything but it doesn't
have the scratches and crazy ghosts that
sometimes are right around my face so
it's really nice I think it's much
better quality in a way out to just buy
my phone I spy Mama's phone you need to
get out my love
love you yeah look at this cute baby
he's worried a little like tank top
romper he's ready to go swimmin around
like a shrub all right
I already go swimming I think you are I
think you hey guys it's Sunday and
you're turning right ah
it's Sunday and it is actually really
nice today it's not super hot but we're
how to do a swimming goes for the day by
the pool and relax you'd be nice um but
I will say that does look like the air
seems quite clear I'm not even seeing
any smoke anymore and like things
I'm not sure how the fires are doing i
watch the news in a wild I don't see
anything which isn't very nice just
picked up some frost eggs yep I can't no
no you can kind of suck it out of there
yep got a frosty to sit by the pool with
should be nice look Missy I'm nursing I
mean make the same sounds all he does he
does not make this sound he does is so
nice the water feels good waiting for
every right he's waving he's got a
little his got a little snapback hat on
today because uh I can I actually forgot
his other hat it's more like a sunning
hat but this lot to do and he seems
happy with it and I fixed this date well
Brian fixed it I thought it was broken
but it wasn't it's really nice though
what was having him in here cuz you can
just be like you know you can't nothng
me I just told you you can't do that
such a dork
yeah he does have a little bit more cool
thing too though is he wants to be
honest on his belly yeah how he that's
how weird ya know shake it somebody yeah
that's how it that's how he sought is to
always be on his belly yeah you know
what kids this thing does kind of tend
to like keep him like that that's good
nice and yells chased it's Detroit
people drive out Oh mad at it out juicy
I know he knows how to do it just not
fun hey girl hey water feels so nice oh
it's not like boiling hot outside I'm
like 8485 totally messed up Missy s for
more sunscreen and basically her worst
nightmare ever happened I poured out way
too much cuz I couldn't see it now he's
a little white boy white look at him
this is like your worst nightmare
throw-in his entire body
Robin ed rub it in rub it in no you know
anywhere you're had no more look at his
hat hair you guys it's so cute hair I'll
just get that for you
there you go we're at Best Buy and we
have a little problem we had now have
three things the Apple TV the Wii U and
the ps4 all use HDMI s and we only have
two HDMI ports on our TV
random BestBuy and I think this thing is
going to help us and I got a lot of
suggestions from you guys on Twitter
about what I should use and this was
something that a lot of people sent me
to so I think this is going to solve our
problem so we don't have to get up and
do it manually like we have been what
hey
I know first world problems first thing
we do when we walk in here missus like
can I look at video games alright all he
has the driest skin ever so I'm going to
use this snuggly lotion that Missy got
out of one of her citrus lane boxes he's
got the keys legs so dry it's cuz he's
like crawling a lot cuz like we do a lot
of practicing walking with him and
halfway through he ends up falling down
and just crawling his legs are getting
really dry from rubbing on the carpet so
much so I'm gonna put some of this
snuggly on which touch this one's pretty
it this hates lotion though so I got to
be the one to do it I got to put it on
okay you just want to play with the
bottle no don't just don't eat it
okay just it's better that way so we got
oli playing with his toys he's really
into it right oh wow you actually still
enjoyed they smashed his box flat got
all your toys out huh you're really into
it huh and we're playing Super Mario
Brothers on 3d World and playing with my
sister and really really into this um
Super Mario 3d World
I actually beat it on the Dia's that I
had but it's way way different on here
than it was on the DS it's like totally
different story and everything and it's
actually a lot more fun it's really cool
and and of course I can play two players
which is the main thing that I was kind
of like well this is a bummer ik I have
to like sit on the bed by myself no one
can talk to me while I play a game I'm
definitely really really enjoying the
Wii it's a lot of fun totally my type of
games
what the heck Cassie you just got hurt I
know I couldn't jump on there I told you
can't jump but I didn't jump and I got
to do
oh you to blow this is so cool you to
blow to get it to work not funny
alright you good you don't have to blow
anymore you don't need it
oh yeah it's door
take it myself yep oh you missed one you
dork
I get really into this game hon Cassie
cuz I'm happy click thumbs up if you
feel like a room without a roof because
I'm happy if you click the thumbs up
button cuz that's how I know you're cool
how to run in the house to get some
errands done before earth man closes
today but I did want to tell you guys
speaking of happy I got a call from my
dad it's weird saying that and a lot of
people have actually asked me if that's
what I'm going to call him and I don't
think I've ever called him dad like to
him but that's like my only way to sort
of like say who he is
what could I what else could I say let
me know in the comments about like I
feel like it's weird if I tell you guys
like my birth father called me or my
father called every time I say father
just reminds me of Star Wars like I'm
not he's not Darth Vader
I'm not some kid with a lights I you
know what I mean I don't know anyway my
dad called me and we have a new date for
the barbeque that we're gonna do and so
it's gonna be next month and it's funny
because like every single weekend next
month we are just so crazy busy we have
so much going on
so we're adding that to our list and I
really can't wait it's gonna be it's
gonna be right before our trip to Idaho
to UM so should be fun but I'm just like
if you guys don't know like I met my
birth father and now I have like uncles
cousins aunts so many more people to
meet who is like this new family that I
just like found you know what I mean
kind of crazy stuff we just made Cassie
and me and it takes a picture of her and
then it basically copies her over here
what do you think we did tweak a few
things but
I mean I think it looks pretty good big
nose and he can tell me shit it gave her
a big nose and like kind of like big
face cuz I don't know I guess what
cheeks are kind of popping out in this
one so here's all of us now that's me
Brian actually looks pretty dang close
and then there's Cassie oh now we gotta
make one for all a cast what do you
think guys you got one for all there's
this picture and that's what it gave me
pretty eye looks pretty good we actually
can change it to any one of these ones
they're pretty old pretty much pretty
similar
they're so cute I love it you guys check
this out we are doing surf and turf
which ones this is surf right uh-huh
shrimp is surf and this is turquoise
steak turf is it because cows like roam
cows eat the grass I've never even heard
of this until you mentioned it for real
yeah dang check out the - tree - oh
that's the point baby you do you're so
oh you're surfing and then you got your
turf come on boom just like that
mmm looks delicious surf and turf macro
burrito action what up oh good ooh
pretty flowers ooh
pretty flower hey that one just opened I
literally just got these for Missy and
that one just opened itself like full
because it has the orange things the
lady at the store actually told me if
you take the orange things off that they
last a lot longer so we got to take
those orange things off so that these
lilies last long but anyway ah that's it
for today's vlog I hope you guys enjoyed
it hey if you go over to the baby League
channel you can check out the brand new
episode of look who's vlogging it's
called mom versus dad and it's pretty
stinking hilarious oh go over there so
you find out who wins thumbs up today's
vlog and we will see you tomorrow bye
the ice cream
Oh oh my god that is so cute like that
happen marry guys dated so we got back
some of the art that we did last week at
Mother's Day at that pottery place and
so I'm going to show you how they turned
out they're going to turn out really
really cool we didn't get all them back
though like my plate we didn't get back
and Cassie's dog bowl
