hey baby get the keys out it's got some
big ol boulders in there oh really
oh yeah I don't know the Burger King I
can't figure out if he's teething or if
it is like a little cold oh yeah you had
allergies he's tired Mama's gonna put
him to bed and then oh I'm excited I'm
ready for my yeah oh that's a little
tooth in there Oh
do amazing things he and I are actually
going on an adventure I have no idea
what's going on yeah but this guy to bed
and then we're just gonna put the
monitor near him and take the monitor
with us and just watch him wherever we
go
no I love you good see you dad
waiting for the little dinosaur to stop
before everybody I'm really excited to
take Missy out kind of doing it as an
early Mother's Day thing Mother's Day
weekend is gonna be crazy anywhere I
take her so she's like the best moment
for taluk so today I'm just going to
pamper her oh man but last night I went
to a poker game all the guys were
smoking cigars and I don't smile I've
never smoked anything in my life and I'm
really not really into it but I go cuz I
like to play poker and I like to hang
out with everyone but I was I had my
leather iphone case this is the Apple
one on my iPhone and now it works of
cigar smoke I don't know what to do I've
scrubbed it like three times and it
still smells so if you guys have any
tips on how to get it out cuz this it's
like a $40 case cuz it's like leather
and I don't want I want to spend another
40 bucks on a case ridiculous kinda
bummed about that but I had a really
awesome night I'm just hanging out with
my friends and playing some poker
I lost off we go on this mysterious
adventure I'm really excited because
I can't really keep secrets from me and
yes actually is that a pretty thing
where we go I don't know anything and if
it wasn't for me just fishing around for
no reason I would have been completely
surprised because I really had no idea I
haven't seen anything yet he's really
not gonna keep you secrets I can find
out almost anything
I've know you were going but I did my
hair all pretty so I'm not sure if that
was a good idea I'm wearing a dress I
have no idea what kind of clothes this
will see me wearing I'm wearing
flip-flops I wanted to wear heels when
he told me about your texting phone
calls out of the way because they're not
gonna have service yeah and we don't
have a baby he is at home sleeping and
my mom is watching him so that's a
little bit weird too because I don't
know where we go babies cannot go oh you
guys I used my new me the new me
everyone's telling me it's the new me I
thought it was a new I don't even know
it's so much better this time I was able
to like actually curl the ends better
and I love it I just think that it makes
my hair looks so much like bouncier and
like I just I really like it
oh my gosh you guys so I asked her I was
like so what made you decide to like do
this like what's the occasion is like
Mother's Day and I'm like that's my god
for two weeks like I really thought it
was this Sunday we were supposed to go
next Wednesday we're doing this low
early it's just cause nines I have to
come up with something
plenty of money here's a little I have
like no time I've been like planning
frantically the Pasco days freaking two
weeks
Brian offered to just tell me and now I
think I know just because of like the
direction that we're going on the
freeway and because all I can't come
we're going it to Knott's Berry Farms
and then we're having dinner at the
pirate adventure
we're not yeah we are yeah we're going
to Knott's Berry Farm yeah
you guys she's really disappointed right
now I win the Superfund days we can go
to Knott's Berry Farm and then go eat
the pirate adventure later on for dinner
really I'm feeling is lying but I don't
know I mean that's super fun day after
stander the part that's a really long
time to be away from all for though I
told you all day thing oh my god are you
serious
no okay we're going into somewhere I've
actually really want to go for a long
time but I guess site this we're gonna
go bathe in the mud and get your massage
I'm excited for bathing suits of yours
yes like so you have all your things
that guys in there hurry there's like a
ton of stacked rocks here you gonna go
stack some rocks things are about to get
really trying cool guys you excited at
the rock garden being a Zen garden we're
here to be Zen and release all our
toxins into the universe she needs get a
big hat look at that no try on the brown
one that's the big one
oh it's kind of like messed up inside
like trippy this place is amazing you
guys there's actually a turtle in there
is it's ah but there's Club mud at least
he's got a massage scheduled and then
she's gonna get her feet done and we're
gonna go grab some lunch
I'm hungry look at these nachos guys are
these insane or what it's like three
layers of chips and cheese chicken beans
corn dogs really good too huh I'm so
hungry
the big old mud bath you ready yeah come
on hey Brian covered himself in mud yeah
you actually crazy I got to put this
camera away in order to do that yeah but
I have to put it on my face okay I guess
it's like really good like a really good
moisture
yeah it does feel like really soft in
the water yeah okay all right so we are
all muddy my face is like really stuffed
and I'm going into here whoo you look
like a cave woman this is so cool huh
and we're going to dry off in this sauna
thing
it's cave yeah what is your face feel
weird yeah yeah how you feel good yeah
it's like all soft and feels nice that's
awesome is it might amazing they even
give you this mirror so you can check
yourself out when you're all muddy we
got some pictures Sarang Sarang yeah we
got it this when we came it comes with a
little coconut clip you feel really soft
you know did you feel it yeah don't
totally this place is so beautiful you
guys I'm just like blown away I'm so
happy that I decided to do this
I've always only come here yeah like
this huge pot like these palm tree
behind this one it's like massive you
guys what are those called when they
have like the palms all on the side like
goliath palms or something
Missy's on her way to her massage and
then I'm probably she's gonna chill by
the pool have a couple drinks and relax
I forgot my headphones so I might
actually pick it up all right guys I
just got a full day of pampered I got my
toes done and I got a nice little
massage and it was really really nice I
wish we had more time but they actually
closed everyone's gone yeah pretty like
by the pool like they have these salt
salt pools that yeah Skin So Soft yeah
so it was a lot of fun I definitely
thought when I come back again
I was a lot of fun so I definitely would
love to come back here again I'm ready
to go see my baby he's playing with a
box you guys Parma cares about us more
than all he does hi she seems angry
easily oh you can pick me up
I miss you did you miss me at all
anyone else have to deal with this it is
Brian's job to take the trash out and he
lets it pile pile pile and I don't say a
word I don't say a word
what do you think about that Brian we're
exhausted it was a very very long day
just says I don't know being in the Sun
it just wears you out and when I got
home I was like oh my gosh but always
asleep
I'm so tired he's exhausted the sudden
totally worrying about to so we're gonna
get ready for bed I do wanna let you
guys know that there is an update on the
donation that we made to the horse ranch
so if you're interested go check that
out it's in the links in the description
we're gonna go to bed so I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog thumbs up if you did
because we had brains so amazing he is
so nice to me he totally surprised me he
were like you really can actually make
it happen and he really did and I was it
was such a fun day is something I've
always always wanted to do since I was a
little girl and I had a lot of fun
thumbs up the dog and we'll see you guys
tomorrow don't ruin it was I say kids
not as I do yeah
I'm gonna try it out as you can tell
it's a reverse one oh all right
what do you think I actually am quite
impressed with this little device I was
a little bit at first
um you know worried about how small the
end is but I feel like it makes just
these really really pretty curls
