good day everyone all you want to say
good day good day this is our son Bailey
these are boys he's going to do amazing
things
yes it's not morning time we are
actually headed out to go swimming we're
going to my aunt's house go swimming
always got this adorable hat on which
whenever he's got it on I just think it
is the most cutest thing in the whole
world oh we're excited we go swimming
hopefully the waters not too cold though
some ways am i worried now I don't like
going swimming in cold pools he doesn't
like swimming in cold pools but I'm
excited we've got all the essentials
we've got water snacks sunscreen the
bathing suits towels and of course
there's a GoPro in there so we might get
some cool shots for get ready jump in
the pool actually feels really nice it's
so hot it's like over 100 degrees right
now and I just had done skimming it
which I can still see a lot of stuff it
was really hard to do but we're gonna go
inside eat a little bit lunch we brought
some I put a local at my aunt's iron
here we're kind of just taking over her
house
I've got naked baby here he's gotta put
on his swim showed you a go swimmin
field red cheeks his hock out that it's
like a hundred degrees is it's pretty
big I thought I saw the tub over there
like a hundred degrees long yeah yeah
113 degrees that's in the Sun yeah since
the hundred thirty degrees I don't think
in 230 but it's pretty secure over on it
is very warm out there so it's crazy
that last week it was like in the 70s
yeah now it's overhead agrees forgot
some El Puente Loco Brian couldn't come
here he has like tons of work to do so
he's gonna be sad when he sees how nice
this pool is
just walking around good walking ground
he's like alright I'm gonna crawl around
oh man what up guys today has just been
one of those days I don't know I just
haven't felt completely myself today
I don't know why like I let Missy go off
with Ollie to go swimming so that I
could attempt to get some work done but
I don't know man I'm just having an off
day and I I debated about talking about
it I just feel like obviously I want to
be true to you guys you know what I mean
so I'm not not my normal giddy happy
self today I don't know why kind of hit
me this morning I woke up and took care
all over and then I took a really long
haven't been eating a lot today so I'm
kind of hungry I'm probably crank I
don't know I think I've told you guys
that I use like a special kind of
sunscreen for all over but I don't know
if I ever actually show you what kind of
I use so I use badger broad-spectrum SPF
30 and basically all it is is ink oxide
it's not like that's like the only
ingredient those other ingredients but
it's like the main ingredient and it's
it doesn't have like all the unsafe
chemicals that put well the stuff that
could be unsafe for babies and it so
it's probably one of the safest
sunscreens out there and I really like
it it's a little bit thick and it's a
little bit like look like I don't like
it very much but it is meaning the Texas
yeah the texture is just kind of like
yeah I think it's just important that I
you know people know everyone has days
where they just fell off I feel like I'm
kind of stuck in this lull like this
loop where I like every day is kind of
the same I'm working and and getting
things out and trying to meet deadlines
and stuff like that I don't know if it's
like finally catching up to me or
finding a break or vacation or something
although I know you know we're gonna get
we're gonna have lots of fun this summer
but man today I don't know I just
feeling up to it so Missy's running off
with ollie and they're probably having a
blast at the pool I should have gone
because I thought I'd be able to get to
work some work done but I'm waiting on
something so I really can't get any work
done so kind of just feel
mooom you know I'm saying but that's
okay because tomorrow's a new day
you know what I just realized I think I
need a burrito you're getting used to it
yeah it's not too bad but actually kind
of like once again a keep hitting me
that's a good or bad sign
whoo boy Gilly if I won't wait I'm not
putting him in yeah he's like super
enjoying the water kicking and having
fun
do you like it oh don't you it's the
first time auntie's actually taking him
swimming I've never been in the water
like where he actually wanted to yeah
playlist yeah flipping out yeah you
didn't like it
Oh like me like you he's like splashing
and stuff I love it
like I wouldn't go into water taking a
little ride with mommy this is been a
lot of fun this water is really really
nice and what do you think ah don't go
in I'm thinking we should tiny Nursing
in the pool on a floating what are you
guys saying sounds pretty nice huh you
want to get back in I did it you guys I
finally changed the chalkboard Maci did
the last one and it's been up there
forever
he's been like three months but I just
redid the chalkboard bear with me while
I hang it don't hurt but so will my
finger sit on the hook ah okay
okay there it is really simple just says
you are my sunshine you are my sunshine
my only sunshine you make me happy when
skies are gray I always love that
something growing up but it's been
really really sunny and bright and hot
here so I thought I'd do something sort
of summary I just now noticed that the
sunshine connects down a little that's
bothering me but whatever
basically because Missy and Ollie are my
sunshine whenever I'm having a bad day I
can look at them I can play with them I
can talk to them and they just make the
world a little bit brighter place for me
you know definitely needed that today
new chalkboard design do you guys like
it if you do get this vlog up thumbs up
to let me know cut thank you bye it's so
cute sitting in the pool on a floatie
this is the callee like happy baby he's
pretty happy so cute his little legs all
curled up next to me
to see that if there's a ton of like
it's like a big cloud like along this
ridge of mountains and that's kind of
where the fire is but I don't think it's
that I'm gonna like come over to us or
anything we're not like really scared
but definitely over there you can see
like planes and stuff happening there's
like nine fires though right now going
on is kind of scary Odin eight of them
and have suspicious origins so possible
eight arsons that's really scary did you
have a nice little catnap he's like I'm
just gonna go to bed
we had the best time swimming and he is
worn out but yeah we just spent like
three hours in the Sun look who's home
it's my Ollie pop oh and my wife beat
pop become Karma's been here the whole
time
Monica like Missy you can see what I did
notice anything different
it's effing hot like 102 degrees oh yeah
it is really hot out there
alright this is Brian always new thing
that they love to do yeah you know how I
love looking at him something man who's
in him here who is not you throw him in
front of me who's there you go let's let
your fart isn't your fight I slept
throwing this kid around yep he seems to
enjoy - knowing what is bathroom over
this one belongs to you look what just
came on you guys
in the cold by acceptance sometimes we
got a little hair on you hold that
sometimes when I get my car random old
music will start playing and it makes it
just like the ultimate throwback and
today's throwback Thursday and
acceptance is not now playing in my car
which is awesome I saw this band I think
they opened up for the Academy is or
Chiodos I'm not really sure was in my
scene ster days when I was in high
school bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum I
got myself a buttery stall for dinner
and this why I love free birds you guys
I had a free burrito on my card and they
actually ended up giving me everything
for free and I even snagged a couple
desserts for Macy night because they
make the best brownies and did you guys
know that today is national chocolate
chip cookie day so I had to get a cookie
as well as the pot brownie look at that
cute little baby sleeping away oliver is
asleep you fell asleep anyway I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog we're gonna go
ahead and end it here but if you enjoyed
it give it a thumbs up and if you guys
didn't see the behind the scenes that
Missy did on her channel for the I am
the mother video go check it out I'll
have it linked below and she might have
a video up on her channel tomorrow or it
might be the next day we don't know but
anyway I hope you enjoyed this video
thanks for watching and we will see you
tomorrow bye to all the smoke from the
fire we can see it right over these
hills that is crazy
I can't imagine what it's like right
like having your house burned to the
ground like that would just be
devastating I was just reading a tweet
at the red light to that Heidi while
they were napping posted I guess they've
already evacuated 15,000 homes that's
like 15
