ah I scared you you actually did scary
oh really
yeah we were playing a joke but I
actually scared are you guys I'm Davey
boy is gonna do amazing things
what up guys we are just getting on with
our day Oliver sleep and we're about to
film a video Missy got a very big citrus
wine box so yeah I've been making her
wait until we can do it on video cuz she
opens all her boxes on videos for the
first time so I don't know why it's so
big why is it so big really what do you
think's in there babe Missy's been doing
things she put all our magnets up here
we have a lot of magnets on a fridge but
our weight are these magnets - oh yeah
these are those Instagram magnets you
guys know you can do this you can
actually turn your Instagram pictures
into magnets
I forget who does it but I'm sure you
can google it but there's we can put
these on here too babe schibetta ones
that are chocobo oh yeah yeah cuz all he
likes to go to the fridge and rip this
off and go ooh flip-flop I like chewing
on those which he actually does like
shooting unreal flip-flops I mean right
yeah but there is sleep in we're gonna
try and get some work done while he's
sleeping usually he wakes up like
halfway through Oh boohoo I just open my
box and there's a lot of really cool
stuff in there so I'm really excited
about showing Ollie all that that video
probably up on Friday so be on the
lookout but Oliver is up where is he
where is he I know that's a vitamin you
know I think I think those are baby legs
right there yeah we gotta go get him
he's just waking up
hi step for almost two hours again this
first nap I've got it down pat he sleeps
so good the first nap
second nap is sometimes rough and I have
kind of gotten rid of that third nap so
I was trying to do a third nap um but I
just don't think it works it just
doesn't work huh but look at carbocadon
see you do he's like comes like whoa why
do you have so many stuffed animals
this one hey hey hey oh it's gonna see
him play games I will say that this
thing a lot of people warned me about it
yeah it's definitely not a bedroom toy
huh it's a scary Toyota night head
shoulders knees and toes knees and toes
I got it out of the crib because he went
to bed I didn't wanted to bump it and
make it sink and I was like okay good
good good in this suicide down it
started singing that song actually it's
like oh and all I just popped right out
like what's going on
we got intruders again my corn again
lame there's even like a surrounding of
salt around there yeah it looks like
it's getting in mean they're repelling
in there probably rappelling hand by
helicopter
it's scary yeah we the sun's the bowl as
per some comment oh cool I meant the
suggestions hopefully they'll just like
fall into a nail but who knew you'd have
such a huge snail problem might stop
lunchtime hey buddy you ate a bunch
sweet potato we actually have some of
that you weren't eating at all I do yeah
Nava sauce for me yeah but it's
disgusting
I don't know this is gross it's not good
yeah that kinda bot was amazing totally
different flavor it's just not the same
at all
Oh mom this is way cheap yeah two bucks
I am eating lunch I got a tuna with
lettuce in this really yummy Greek PITA
thing guac chips which are so good if
you guys
not Happy's you have to check these out
these are amazing all right getting
little boy already you ready for the day
I love him in shorts I've been doing
more shorts lately and t-shirts and I
just think he looks so thinking cute and
then he's not wearing a a shirt right
now but it's all cute and then looking
at this pile of he I put these up and
everyday he kicked them off which I mean
it's my own fault I put them up here
knowing that he's gonna push them off
but I just love that when he wakes up he
can like grab on his toys and pick them
up I just think that's so cute and I
just I don't know it makes it so much
more colorful and stuff okay I get you
dressed we're gonna put your Pacific
Cali whale tours all right guys we're
about to go do boring adult Thanks
following it up thing we need something
wah wah but with oh my gosh that's the
second thing you said that so awkward
everyone likes their button they see
everyone does it okay bye we need toilet
paper click thumbs up if you wipe your
butt you tell me what you guys think I
don't know if you guys know this Sunday
school character that used to be in my
church but his name was Charlie what do
you eat what's going right now what I'm
getting at is that there's this there's
a Sunday school character I think his
name is chart Sunday school Charlie
Sunday school Charlie I think that was
his name he was it was in my church and
like you know he's like a little
character that learns about Jesus and
some like that he looks like in with his
hair like I swear your hair looks like
Sunday school Charlie a furrow
yeah well now listen here kids I'm here
to tell you about Jesus he was actually
a little boy and he rode on his bicycle
and I remember his tie would always fly
to the site he's a little boy wearing a
tie
yeah he's had a very classy no he's
headed Church yeah and he had like a
very cool if you guys know who I'm
talking about leaving the cons is it
Sunday school charlie I feel like it's
Charlie something but my hair it looks
like here yes I don't know why I think
he just looks like you're like you're
like riding somewhere and it's like sure
I don't know I think it's has been
looking
cool ladies oh so is yours oh thank you
I do it the same every day I mean I've
noticed though that Missy your shorts
are getting shorter yeah sure summer is
around the corner and my wife's shorts
they get shorter I can actually see her
pockets right you can see a little bit
of pockets okay I didn't realize that
these shorts were so short yeah finally
she actually for the mom she's like uh
you can kind of see my butt well yeah
it's summer you're in California your
girl no I should probably get longer
jeez look at this little cutie target
ball and how are you saying up there all
players oh we cheated her oh good job
buddy the cutest thing ever
Giggy Giggy this is usually look at
Missy height look it he's just totally
chillin that's so funny you guys want to
know the secret about Target they have
the most amazing glazed chocolate donuts
you guys these things are insane so I
got to get some actually everything they
have here looks good it's all Archer
farm stuff like I love these uh Archer
farm salads that they do Amana doughnuts
get me every time
every time can't get a man Missy
you are nuts Oh about a piece this will
wipe a lot of butts look at all this
toilet paper look at all you hold it
that's heavy a toilet paper you know you
guys they have toilet paper with a fresh
lavender scent oh it's strong
oh no that's gross your butt looks not
like a lavender uh I don't think we have
enough room to put off to store all this
a lot of toilet paper I can like have a
stack we can stack it up illegal
pyramids no no too much it has an ideal
balance of softness and strength this
was good school
ha they said it was strong look at this
kid
he's pushing his own stroller anything
kid his feet like he's walking that's so
funny
I see I see I see I see I see a big red
ball do be so funny smells amazing in
here you guys I am chopping at some
cilantro I'm gonna try the Shaytards
quinoa recipe you guys sent that to me
everyone in the comments of the day was
like try the way the Shaytards do it so
that is what I'm doing I am chopping
cilantro
I got jalapenos bell peppers beans corn
and I'm cooking my quinoa right here so
pretty excited to try this it's probably
gonna be really good if I maybe add like
some shredded chicken really digging the
quinoa so I hope the quinoa turns out
but all the stuff that I'm putting in it
I like love so pretty much can't wait
you guys look at Bryan's quinoa yeah it
smells really good oh this is hot
shaycarl makes his quinoa oh really
that's really good it does look good
um miss he doesn't like beans though
yeah I don't like beans and I like to me
bro penis I know I wish I like beans
better like beans or tomatoes so but I
really like Santa there's a lot of ancho
and the corn is really good in there and
I do like corn
lots of garlic and onion yeah I mind I
wonder if I would like it if it didn't
have the beans did you already add
everything into it
have a container this big event now my
god I mean I'm fifty calories a cup oh
so cool though yeah I still haven't
eaten it's really late I gotta go to bed
I'm really tired
I was talking to Kelsey and carbon for
like the longest time I love talking to
them they are so awesome hopefully we
get to see them again this summer but
all it is asleep hopefully stays asleep
for the night he's really good last
night he slept like he knew he slept for
like seven hours straight yeah I was not
yeah it was so nice he said I didn't
sleep tell me like I know about my yeah
during that seven hours I didn't sleep
at all he goes to bed so early so we
never it's always like as soon as you go
to bed ahhhhhh
now I'm gonna go watch TV and call
Kelsey in Corbin anyways I hope you guys
enjoy the vlog thumbs up if you did and
go check out um the new video on baby
League Oliver gives you some swim tips
yeah he goes to me is not the cutest um
alright guys hope you enjoyed it we'll
see you guys tomorrow bye oh those are
weird look good it's nice on the boat
when you catch them fresh because they
just chopped them up for you is that I
have no idea
don't ask me who what about these get
some clams check this out you guys free
car wash with the broken sprinkler uh uh
this rarely happens for us in the
daytime and when we got out it's still
daytime yeah but we got lots of
