hey guys look what we got going on here
it's a little it's a little baby trap
you just leave the door open they go in
there and trap them in there
do amazing things
no but actually we picked this up at 5
DB yesterday because we like to have him
play in the living room but he loves to
get into everything and this is like our
area and so we had it's not like
completely baby proofing it can't it can
never be completely baby proof really so
we got this really cool play yard we put
him in it last night and it lasts about
10 minutes and then he freaks out and
starts crying so this morning I
literally open the door put all the toys
and it put him in front of it and he's
slowly working his way into the play
yaar got a peep you got a peep there huh
oh I distracted him no father
father over here over here over here
look at your cool hippo fish do you see
how spoil this kid is yes so many toys
that's insane you guys something is
eating our corn look at this think I'll
eat mark they're eating it up oh oh the
first clue nails I was I I was really
hungry well if it was snail then we
could put egg shells in here yes
definitely snails well at least we know
what it is we also actually keep finding
snails in here so we really do need to
do that kay dad and here's my other
stuff this stuff's growing pretty good
too
and luckily no snails get into this
because it's kind of like the tower
system makes it so they obviously can't
really climb up it
I don't know kind of interesting but
they're growing really nicely to I'll
he's in the swing he's enjoying some
really nice weather karma would like to
meet us Rohit pallab again what is this
this is nothing this is not a frisbee
god it's uh nation we are at IHOP we
haven't done this in a while and it's
see I blame you
Ali has no toys we're gonna find any in
the car so we just gave him Missy's
wallet yeah did a viewer son do that
yeah yeah it's so cool but I'm pretty
sure that he has spent more time playing
with that than he has any toy that we
know that's a nice leather I don't know
Claire is it Sunday lazy day you think
it's Sunday lazy day it is sunday lazy
day for us Ryan has his napping I just
got up from my little all he is napping
as well he's been napping for over two
hours now I'm ready to get some stuff
done though when you go grocery shopping
and stuff and Brian got like no see like
he was I woke up at like 4:00 a.m. to
help Oliver because he was crying
Brian was still wide awake doing stuff
so yeah usually we go grocery shopping
on Sunday which means they have to clean
out this fridge let's do that a clean
kitchen it's kind of a mess
Ollie is actually waking up
there yeah hi did you sleep slept for
two and a half hours two and a half
hours you were a grouch before looking
at your monkeys and is so many
colors yeah good morning Internet oh I
just had a very good nap my hair look
all fluffy and crazy success usually
what happens man those pancakes freakin
made me pass out I was being passing out
I probably slept very good too because I
not only slept for four hours so if you
guys go check out the channel art I
completely redid that I did new intros
new outros set up everything so I was up
super late yesterday which if you guys
have not seen you have to go watch
because it was me
meeting my birth father for the first
time well went up today and I had to go
up early and I I had done all that and I
finished editing that like super super
late it was probably like 4:00 a.m. and
I said to go up early and then he woke
up and I was reading comments and I was
like wait what have I done like I
totally put in like a minute of an
unedited clip like just right in the
middle of it and Final Cut Pro has this
append a keyboard shortcut and so
sometimes I click it and it will throw
the clip into the thing and I have to
delete it and get rid of it but of
course it's late and I didn't check it
and so they like kind of like a DejaVu
moment and yesterday's vlog which is
uncanny because it's like only the most
important video of my entire life
it was no big deal it's like what's
gonna re-up load it but then I was like
this thing already has like 5,000 likes
I was like holy cow I just want to say
you guys the love on that video like in
the comments I'm just with you liking it
it's insane it completely blew me out of
the water I was not expecting anything
like that I'm so happy that I was able
to like reach people and touch people
and and show them you know my experience
with that side of the story so Troy and
I have an email me emailing back and
forth
he's just ecstatic and I'm just really
cool and you know I feel different I was
just talking to my dad's brother my
uncle and I was just telling him you
know I walked away from that feeling
very fulfilled and very like whole you
know just for a long time I felt like
there was a piece of me and like some
people they don't know their dad and
they feel that piece of them with bad
things like drugs and alcohol and
partying and maybe I was just one of the
lucky ones and hey I walked away from
that and I just felt like man that
cloudy's that mystery it's all gone now
you know I Know Who I am and I don't
know I'm ready at night and I know that
it was like kind of the end of that
journey but it's totally the beginning
of a new one because I feel like a new
person and I feel like everything is
just changing and it's just getting
better and that's life and that's so
such a beautiful thing you know I mean
we have been reading up on how to keep
the snails out of her garden and we're
going to make a beer Trappe so I asked
Brian for a beer he was like sure you're
gonna have a beer so let Elise know it's
not for anything of event getting the
snails out of my garden
so apparently snails love like beer
they're attracted to beer you make a
trap for them by open beer I've seen
this scene it's done ok I should get
Brian
open a beer
Oh
I did it alright now that I've got my
beer open you just pour it into the bowl
that looks disgusting and then what
happens is all the snails crawl into the
bowl and then they drowned kind of sad
but we can't let them eat our crops we
can't we actually just found some in
here just now they were hanging out in
my cilantro um so if that doesn't work
or no Liam don't drink the beer mom you
dog tried to get drunk I didn't put some
eggshells in here but I've heard that
the eggshells don't actually really work
that well hopefully this beer thing work
tomorrow we will come back and we'll
check on this and maybe we'll find a few
drug the snails - what you got there you
got your little guitar yeah these uh
buttons are all textured so he liked to
rob some against his teeth it's so cute
all right little rock star because the
little fishies are getting a little
shower Missy oh those are weird look
then it's nice on the boat when you
catch them fresh because they just chop
them up for you it's out I have no idea
don't ask me what about these yeah with
some clams check this out you guys free
car wash with the broken sprinkler this
rarely happens for us in the daytime and
when we got out it's still daytime yeah
but we got lots of good stuff lots of
veggies and fruits and I'm going to try
these yummy pita sandwich bread thingies
look you guys I'm eating quinoa actually
really really good Missy's aunt made a
bunch and gave us some and so it has
tomatoes and celery like lime juice feta
cheese and then I actually added
cilantro these little tiny shrimp which
I really know me and then some avocado I
really like it guys if you guys have
like a quinoa recipe that you want to
let me know about like different
combination of things that you can put
in it let me know in the comments below
because this is probably like one of my
favorites is cilantro and avocado and
try it but I definitely don't want any
of the tomato and some
I don't eat tomato but I actually don't
mind it in this job that job did Missy
and I are having an argument about the
lyrics of for the first time in forever
frozen this is what I think she says
don't know if I'm elated or gassy but
I'm somewhere in the zone and what do
you think it is don't know if I'm elated
or gassy but I'm somewhere in between in
between for the first time in forever
there'll be magic I'll be noticed by
someone guy no I don't let that mean
don't let them see Holly don't do that
I'll he stop Holly no he doesn't realize
that I already know she doesn't know you
guys all she knows is that I've been
acting sneaky the past couple days no
you don't know well because I you
convinced me that you knew and then I
was like wait so you know about the trip
oh my wife is crazy you guys anyway you
guys we're gonna go give the vlog thumbs
up if you know do you know you don't
know it thumbs up anyway it's kids going
to bed bye bye
are you crazy
Oliver this is my sign from the baby
photos and he looks
