hey guys guess what you're about to
watch the best daily vlog on YouTube how
do I know well cuz I'm in it and I'm
awesome
yeah seriously though Germany brains I
haven't eaten in a long time this is us
time baby this is our boys new amazing
things good morning guys today I'm out
running some errands I had to run by the
Bakke it's super inconvenient because
the bank that I have to like physically
go to and like do stuff at it's not very
close to it well there's one that's
close to us but I have to get out of my
car and like Missy's always like why do
you have to get out of your car you know
banks have drive-throughs but like my
big doesn't have to drive through it
it's like the lamest thing ever and I
know this is totally a first-world
problem but I just wish they would open
up another Bank here where we live that
had a freaking drive-through good I
actually slept pretty dang good how did
you think karma excuse you car has
actually been super into being in Ali's
room lately whenever I'm in here nursing
karma will just walk right in if the
doors not totally shut thank you she's
been um kind of just bonding more with
Kali I think he just has a hard time
showing it looking for an outfit for
Olly actually got a bunch of really
really cute stuff I'm thinking about
doing a haul this week or next week I
kind of already have my videos planned
but they're so cute and I really want
him to wear ouch stop pulling her hair
you're so cute
oh gosh oh he's crazy today huh I was um
at the bank and the lady was like so
what kind of work do you do and I was
like wait what and she's like like do
you have a business like what do you do
it was really weird cuz I had to be like
oh I am actually a youtuber we make
videos for YouTube and she was like
oh okay and I was like I want I had no
idea what she was looking at on the
computer or what but it was so it was
just really interesting so I'm like crap
why something wrong like I guess I could
always describe it as like um being a
videographer but that's like one minut
thing of like what I actually have to do
you know what I mean
so I don't feel like that would be like
answering the question fully and it
would just probably leave them more
confused but I don't know I think it's
actually interesting like the whole like
people are actually recognizing it more
and more I think and I and I don't think
it's and I think it's actually been
pretty recent still there's people who
are like what how do you do that and
then of course there's people who are
like oh that's really cool I've heard of
that you know what I mean so I feel like
it's just finally starting to maybe like
pick up traction and people are like
understanding of it right let's get you
dressed
super super cute outfit he's got some
plaid shorts guy stand up look at those
9-month shorts it fit pretty dang good
oh you got a kind of salmon color
it's committee considered pink and a
salmon color shark shirt show them your
outfit say yeah and it's Niazi I'm the
community mama ha
Missy woke up this morning craving
burritos but she's starving and so the
closest place is actually Chipotle so
we're cheating I know we're cheating on
Freebirds and it's really sad I haven't
had Chipotle and snow long but something
interesting again happened while I was
in there I followed like a an older lady
in and she spotted her family
like in line and she's like oh there you
are and they were all like grandma and
they all like gave her a hug and it was
just like Oh the feels the feels and I
was just like really miss my grandma you
know it's just one of those moments
where I was like that's something that
my grandma would do is is tell everyone
that she's not going to lunch and then
meet us there you know she was always
like really big on surprises and stuff
like that while she was getting her
tacos made she was like getting
frustrated the guy cuz he wasn't
understanding her and she's
I want the white meat and I was like oh
crap my grandma would be yelling at them
all so you know so more of the stories
go call your grandma you guys
you still have your grandma go call her
and tell her you love her we're getting
our warm weather back this week because
it's supposed to be like a hundred lip I
like Friday finally our summer is coming
back oh ho ho my dad did a bunch of
gardening this week he took your advice
and he did take a few plants out of here
which we still need to obviously move
more so you can see there's one there
there there and even set up like a fruit
I'm not really sure what it's probably
like a blackberry or raspberry but I
actually am not sure what he's growing
got like thorns and doesn't look very
nice but it looks like some kind of
berry our plants are doing good besides
that cilantro guess we were just really
killed that cilantro oh there you go let
go let go oh
who ready we me and my mom we love dried
fruit and we definitely love dried
pineapple pieces this is actually funny
if you try to get dried pineapple pieces
they're almost always like candy pieces
where they're like chewy and there's
like sugar on them it's actually kind of
hard to find just like dried pineapple
pieces so we often like to go and get a
pineapple cut it up and then you don't
dry it ourselves or dehydrate it you
know how big a pineapple is you know
it's it's pretty large fruit and when
you cut up a pineapple and you drop
dehydrate it this is how much fruit you
get that's it it's a little baggie of
like 10 or 15 pieces and that's all you
get from dried pineapple it shrinks up
so much but it's so good we like love
dried pineapple that's the face of Missy
she's not very happy right now
she's tried Chipotle for the very first
time and what it's gross not a fan why
what don't you like well I don't like
white rice uh-huh
I don't like the flavor of the meat it's
like really spicy oh really
your mouth hurts and I'm kind of like on
the same consensus like I don't know I
just feel like Chipotle just doesn't do
burritos right after having Freebirds
who are just like amazing like the rice
is so good the meat is so good like well
just does not stack up huh and you are
not a fan well that's Spanish rice huh
you should at least have Spanish rice
yeah I know this is my burrito I'm a kit
on it and it's it's okay
but yeah Freebirds it's way better so if
anyone wants to know we'll probably
never go to Chipotle again hello hi is
that a new shirt it's cool that
submarines and sharks on it
I'm just waking him up from his nap all
right let's practice you're walking oh
my god
pre-war knob I was really good see we
can get it again oh come here
oh my gosh is that walkie who's he just
falling what style you guys it's it's
the first step to walk it's like his
first steps
Gogi Katy
walked to Katy Perry walk to Katy Perry
yes yeah are you doing so good gets it
and then he knows yeah yeah all right
after seeing all of her walk I'm going
to go buy him some diapers because he's
still my baby even though he wants to be
a big boy I swear this kid is crazy
going get a card alright so Missy is out
picking up a couple things and I'm just
getting some work done wanted to show
these to you I don't think I've shown
these to you guys yeah these are my meze
headphones and they actually sent me
these and I was so stoked because I need
a pair of nice headphones and these are
really awesome what's cool is like it's
made out of wood on both of these ear
cups right here so you get like this
really natural sounding like wood coup
stick but it's got like really soft
rubber and I'm like totally loving these
though I just want to say shout out to
meze because they sent me these and I
was like awesome I need a better
headphones so if you guys want to check
these out actually have a link below in
description so you guys can see what
they're all about hey you ready good
happen
okay my mom got me this cart cover like
for Christmas and at the time he wasn't
able to sit up and it sucked it was like
it was like the stupidest thing but now
it's like perfect
he gets trapped in up here on the chest
he can't really go anywhere and it's not
like around his hips or anything where
he can still can up it's actually really
nice now that he can like sit up and
subs cuz I haven't used any forever I
got another one actually when we worked
on Kurt's like this with like the metal
bars if it's not if it's like one of the
plastic ones it doesn't work I got the
stupidest car I like to drop this thing
all in with like ties and all it's like
all secure and everything and I start
pushing it and doesn't even go straight
gonna grab some diapers yeah we use baby
Ganic so if you don't know I really like
this brand oh okay I can do this I can
do this Cassie I got it good goodness
yeah you see me now you gotta get to the
back okay
lawn mower come on early
I think you're doing the opposite of TCM
to walk good I wanted to walk on his
hands next I can do it ollie okay really
tired nothing no okay him why don't you
walk the rest of the way okay you want
the rest of the way
it's bath time
ollie what you doing kid oh you're going
after mommy's pumice stone and you're
gonna after the faucet yeah I know gasps
mommy's he's having a hard time learning
to just sit in the tub so maybe this
whole teaching him the walk thing is
backfiring you can grab that grab it
grab your boat good job bring it in the
water okay no all right guys we're gonna
go an end today's vlog but I hope you
guys enjoyed it and I wanted to remind
you that a new baby leaked video went up
on youtube.com slash baby legally it's
Olly
and he's like left home alone to fend
for himself it's super funny please go
check it out well she guys tomorrow huh
no don't put that in your mouth
fine anything I want to be so happy
Mother's Day from your little tiger rock
that astronauts oh you really want to
eat it you want to get more kisses oh
thank you for my card mm-hmm he wrote
his name even said I love you mommy
and then scribble scribble
