time for school time for school time for
school time for school
time for swim school buddy today's
Friday Friday got a swim on the Friday
I'm sick that's pretty interesting cuz
he's so oh oh gosh oh oh oh oh he just
he's throwing everywhere
thank some of those okay this is all son
baby boy he's gonna do amazing things
all right outfit change outfit change I
might have been like jostling him a
little we were to have them like what
were you doing anything he's like not
really mm-hmm
you can watch the vlog back yeah no I
think it's funny too because I don't
think that's something you get used to
I've been a dad for nine months now I've
been spit up and thrown up on many times
and it's still very gross
yeah I mean well it's getting grosser it
used to be like kind of gross because it
was just breast milk but now it's like
disgusting yeah and it's like it gets on
your shirt seeps in and it's all warm
and I think that's like the worst but
I'm like it's all warm and slimy it's
all over him again
he's a little bit of spillage he likes
to wait until I have a letdown and then
he just lets it go everywhere yeah we're
basically just a ratchet mess this
morning so there's that
at all
the gall of them in these little things
and everyone's crowded around watching
em so cute
trying out goggles and it's the gif
thing ever he already ripped him up but
we'll see about words before God and
there huh
oh they probably distracted him a little
like this small so he was so fun he is
just doing like way too crazy good it's
kind of ridiculous so cute even those
goggles I know I wish she would lead
them on he's the same way with
sunglasses as soon as he puts on lesson
he strips him off and throws him on the
crowd he's like no he does open his eyes
in the water of course because he's a
baby but nice if we could cover his eyes
with goggles so maybe we will get some
for the hub I always want to after swim
school like approach the other moms and
their kids so yeah AK set up playdates
right I know their kids are so cool I
want to like hang out with them oh and I
shot already hang out with other kids
ice creams go by I seriously I get like
so nervous
I know like how do you how do you
approach someone and say hey our kids
should hang out yeah that's kind of
awkward for the parents he hangs out
with a couple little babies but I feel
like he needs more he's more interaction
it cuz I said especially cuz he loves it
he likes doing something we should keep
it going so he doesn't turn into a baby
that doesn't like it you know I mean
without you guys Oliver learned
something new
hi hey hold him on the other hip I see
that hand hi look at him waving
he's waving to you guys hi is like crazy
thing ever more okay I feel like it's
really important to document this
because if not in a few seconds he's
just gonna start walking and then we'll
miss this whole section so watch look at
this book
look at him he's cruising go go yeah
he's now could just like walk along the
furniture that is crazy you're crazy
that's why I was like I better get this
on vog because in a second he's just
gonna turn around and walk over to me oh
he's like heck yeah I get the phone kick
of it fun oh he's like oh it doggy yeah
I'll go get the dog ah look at those PT
yeah oh yeah oh don't you are my mother
okay here we go drop three two oh that's
how they learn you just got thrown out
of that I guess though I am sure that
right now I look like I'm covering up my
sickness and
I'm trying to look cute even though I
feel disgusting and horrible and I
really should be in bed but like I said
yesterday I just when I am sick I want
to like fight through it and I want to
like do stuff and not let it get me down
when it probably should just put me down
for like a day is it maybe I could fit
there faster probably right we are
headed out we're going to go to buy a
couple things maybe have some errands to
do that applesauce that we get that's
organic I'm obsessed with and I keep
eating it all before all I guess I mean
he had some but then I eat it it's gone
it's so good like is nothing like
applesauce I have ever tasted like it
just tastes so like like Apple II and
that's it I guess all the today's apples
cool the guy his toys set up so it's
snapped right there he can just pull it
up and then in vibrates how cool is that
oh cool is that buddy
with the Tilly's and I got a really cool
hat check this out
this is California Republic's have this
really cool design on it and it's a
snapback which I don't have
and this he's getting her eyebrows waxed
now she's probably not gonna want to
blog afterwards she never does cuz she
always has to like reapply her makeup
it's really funny
Hey right there Holly look at hi Holly
hi hi hi do you seem trying to break out
it's my kid right here he's a nut you're
a nut yeah yeah yeah what are you doing
you're crying uh-oh you fail he blow
bubbles oh he's like nope oh I almost
tried good job mom guy make it a big job
brought his toys down so he just reach
in there and grab anything he wants want
one and then he always goes with it and
then he is now turning the water psycho
baby comes over here and turn ha ha ha
mm ah
uh-uh-uh I don't do that yeah you can
put your duckie
not the soap it's like 24/7 with this
kid in jeez if you stand up all right
it's karin caifa duck there you go some
bubbles okay no I he's just outside of
the water and some call of duty going
actually Jimmy's getting some call of
duty going to my ps4 but he came up here
he's like yeah let's play some Call of
Duty so he's playing call of duty you
can't hear cuz it's in his headphones
but you know he's playing cuz if he's
standing from the TV he like freaks out
Oh even know how to pause
he barely this is a cool game though I'm
really loving called you I actually uh
I we took back nack cuz it was stupid
and it was not very good multiplayer so
we got Lego Marvel Super Heroes for
Missy and I to play together and then I
am
ooh I'm doing a mask right now I'm doing
this cool mask I can actually throw away
the other one but it was a blue one and
it was too Bella with qu Bella bath and
beauty and the one I have is like a
replenishing mask it's a mud deep sea
mud mask and it's really cool I don't
know I really like the ingredients of it
I'm sure it's not like that great but
it's like minimum of 80% natural
ingredients I have a runny nose so it's
really gross because I can't feel then
the snot coming down this is gross and
so all of a sudden this not like reaches
my lips I'm like ah crap so it's really
gross but anyways that's really girls
yeah um I just don't want you guys like
oh my God look at that
gross is coming out of her nose plus I'm
sure I'm already gonna get like a
bazillion pictures tomorrow like of my
scary face but anyways um yeah I really
like this little product that I picked
up at Target I just think it's fun
actually I just had my sister do it and
she like ran out of here like screaming
it burns it burns and then she like took
it off immediately I don't know why but
she I guess she's a little bit more
sensitive but that was hilarious she
like totally freaked out she's never
done a Med mask before and so I was like
you should do it and I guess she didn't
like it right I don't think that's how
you make the bed this is they do when
the kid goes sleep you know oh ha ha
memory did that our last bed it would
like fall apart yeah I would have broke
for sure uh I have to go to bed you guys
I'm so tired
and a nose is very stuffed up in my head
okay okay so Ollie is asleep oh I like
really tired guys like really bad um I'm
watching pretty low wires actually I'm
in the middle of the third season I made
to the third one and I'm slightly
irritated just slightly but I hope you
guys enjoy the vlog thumbs it up if you
did ow
alright we'll see you guys tomorrow go
on four new video
and go check out Bryon's new video did
you do what you do okay
oh yeah it's really cool too you got a
lot of cool stuff all right bye
front teeth coming in let's see hey let
me see you let me hear you can I hear
you I think I thought did you guys hit I
think I saw another another tooth
hi can I be a bigger smile that looks
like a tooth you guys we've got two now
but like there's a missing one in
between there like a little hillbilly
huh get your toes
