hey guys how are you I hope you're well
I'm freakin Carmack's and spinning
around hey look you guys she's brushing
your teeth she's brushing your teeth she
hates with me living in poverty the
garage your punching your teeth your
normal human that's gross
big guys think for the bomb they're very
nice of you
this is our sign Bailey
boy is going to do amazing things it's
like 12:30 all he's napping I literally
have not even left this room I got ready
and I've been working all day sitting
here this is my desk for the day and I'm
just like over it mommy called the
doctor and the doctor said no more
monkeys jumping on the bed it's okay
though I'll let you jump on the bed
jumping on the bed jumping on the bed
like a bunch of monkeys hmm
where's ollie huh big abou where's ollie
where's Allie he's got the ankles right
now that's really cute give him a drink
of water but that didn't work how do you
get rid of hiccups you go like this is
this how you get rid of hiccups is this
how you get rid of hiccups I think this
is how you get rid of hiccups actually
right you drink water upside down yeah
we have a true missy and brian problem
we can't decide between burritos and
Olive Garden I'll just gonna run and
grab some soup and bring it home she's
like well I'm ready but does it have to
be soon so yeah we had to decide between
soup and burrito and actually the
burrito one even though I really don't
feel good in that soup sounds good but
with all you gotta go sit down in a
restaurant yeah easier just to grab a
burrito and hold up yeah we can just
like eat outside yeah it's not it's
someone easier so burrito one but really
feeling good today I think I'm coming
down with something because I started
getting like that tickle in my throat
where I'm starting to getting a sore
throat last night yeah just like that
okay but now it's like really bad like
now it hurts just to swallow and it's
like not fun and then I took a nap today
cuz I just wasn't feeling good and I
woke up and I feel like we can like
shaky I don't know if there's some why
are you out of that house right now I
don't like gun all this for you
thing is I'm starving and if he goes out
then it'll take him twice as long to get
back exactly oli oli knows when I'm sick
I want to like work through it oh are
you okay yes I just like to like work
through my sickness like I don't want to
like lay around and I feel like then the
sickness is eating me I want to like be
like I could beat you and then just go
go go and then it goes away we just sat
down and only just ate this up like he
just scarfed it down
you ate that's like so much so anyway
he's got food on his face and I don't
have a napkin at the moment you Brian's
getting a spoon but I'm gonna try to get
him smile and you guys want to see if
you can see his teeth I think I just saw
one the other front teeth coming in
let's see hey let me see you maybe he
can make EU yeah I think I thought did
you guys see it I think I saw another
another - hi can I be a bigger smile
that looks like a tooth you guys we've
got two now but like there's a missing
one in between there like a little
hillbilly huh you got your toes let's
try not to get your messy face
everywhere
oh sevens with Matt old-school
panic at the disco place this is good
this is good stuff like the first
concert here the second time we hung out
we went to this concert yeah and it was
really fun to be us all I remember is we
were like jam-packed and Brian was like
protecting me but we were not going out
at the time but I had my arms around her
life guarding her when we're about to
smash bell fun concert I still remember
that so random that it just started
playing I know because it was like
playing old music yeah we described a
couple things returned a couple things
and realize that we totally doom by
Kings yesterday we were turned on but we
never got him so proud of everyone in
the comments for sticking up for me
crazy I'm not okay alright being alright
I just all the time they like we buy our
stuff and then we're like oh let's go do
that again that was really fun how about
that
here's hangers who you want these
huggable hangers no no you could hug
them I don't know they're soft they're
luxurious wait one of the other hangers
be with those hangers oh man this vlogs
getting exciting I hear a little bugger
ooh and he's just waking up so I'm gonna
go get him and I brought his little
singer maybe I don't make him happy he
seems a little grouchy right now
oh now he's singing you you guys toes
I'm just out running a couple of errands
and run into the bank real fast
look what we got today you guys Troy
done actually sent me his book family
the good f-word this I have everything
thanks to this guy because of the whole
situation with my dad he did amazing if
you guys don't know Troy Dunn is called
the locator he works with like dr. Phil
and Oprah and all these people to like
search for people who are having a hard
time looking so I was looking for my dad
and he reached out to me and was like
hey I want to help you and then almost
instantly he was able to find him which
was quite amazing so this guy Thank You
Troy if you're watching and I know he
watches every now and then thank you so
much because this has changed my whole
life you know I'm meeting my dad this
weekend and now I'm really nervous but
I'm really excited because it's gonna be
like a really cool time in my life and
something that I've thought about so
many times in my head like how it could
happen you know and what I'll say and
and what he'll look like and what I'll
wear and what we'll do and I'm just like
all these things are running through my
head right now
and they wouldn't even be if it wasn't
for this guy you know reaching out to me
and saying hey let me help you let me
find your dad and he did which is just
amazing like I I still can't believe
that you guys you know when I started
this little journey looking for my dad I
had no idea where it was gonna lead me
and it's led me here in such a fast
amount of time and it's exciting cuz
still like I'm still really nervous I I
really am we'll see should be should be
an interesting weekend I have a couple
friends that have been talk to me lately
about essential oils and I started just
like reading up on it and I was like
well it's kind of interesting I guess
it's just essential oils has like all
these crazy cool things that it can do
for you and for your baby which is most
important huh
things like you know helping with
teething and headaches and cramping and
like literally anything under the Sun it
can help with and so I told my friend I
was like well I have been interested in
it lately but don't pull down my shirt
I'm obviously I'm just gonna go out and
like buy a bunch of stuff
like I know if I want to do it and so
she actually made me a couple little
roller balls basically she gave me a
little bit of lavender and then another
one is is it breath or breathe breath so
they're actually really cool the
lavender I actually just rub right on to
his gun and it helps her teething
I know I'm definitely interested in I
guess laughs drop of course always helps
you sleep glad I know I've been reading
up about it like the past couple days
I'm like this stuff is really
interesting I'm really interested in
stuff like this think Brian's very
skeptical of is like it doesn't really
work he's like you're gonna have to
prove it to me sometimes like just set
him down and see where it goes are you
going he like one time I turned around
and went over here and I came back he's
already all the way in yeah he's fast
yep
oh he's climbing into the bath Missy
like it's that time yeah it's almost
time for your bath okay good beautiful
flowers Brian got me he's so sweet and
they're really cool actually they have
all kinds of I think that's Daisy no
Lily I mean so there's a lily in there
and there's actually some roses some
daisies all kinds of really cool flowers
and Brian was saying that I guess these
flowers are dyed are these farms diets
calling out the Easter ones were dyed
though the water was pink do you think
that that's true do they die the flowers
they are really really really bright
pink and yellow and stuff they die
flowers or do they just throw them like
that I think they should just grow them
like that because I don't want something
as a man man that's the cool thing about
the flowers that it's grown naturally
there they are they're so pretty and it
says because sometimes you need a little
reminder I love you and that cute thank
you some boy he likes me so yeah these
are so cute and they smell amazing they
actually smell really good and look
here's some Easter eggs
mmm he's putting some oil on you what is
that the breeze no no this is just
lavender and what's it good for
helps you sleep helps with his cheating
Panama's thumbs
yeah I hope it works buddy ooh me like
that let's do this one alright guys
Missy is putting Ollie to sleep but I
wanted to say good night be sure that
you guys go check out the video we just
did on Missy's channel I'll have a link
below in the description but she
announced something really cool coming
up and you guys can actually get
involved in it too so should be pretty
interesting go check that out
give today's vlog a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and we will see you guys
tomorrow bye now that'd be awesome we
would we would love to have lunch with
you guys and get to do so this weekend
so I just got the phone with my dad and
we set a date to meet we're gonna meet
this Saturday I'm probably just meet for
lunch
and gets a chat and talk his words were
it's a long time coming and I'm sorry it
took so long pretty cool pretty cool
stuff I'm really excited to actually
