you guys want reality I'll give you
reality is not happy get it together
good mommy there you go
I'm gonna do amazing things
well good morning guys we are actually
off to Oliver's a doctor's appointment
and Brian actually couldn't come because
he is like editing up a sort he is just
he's got to be mr. editor today so I'm
actually with my mom she's pushing Ollie
and he's actually passed out which is
kind of nice because I'm not sure if I
was going to be a weight and we're
actually switching doctors I found a new
pediatrician here wait
oh hey way to see the doctor Gintama
everything that's been going on tickles
uni tickles boo that's a good keep
digging your handle define hey everybody
guess what I just closed my computer
I've been editing for like 4 hours
straight and I'm exhausted it's just
like staring at the screen that long
just like drives me crazy sometimes I
just close my laptop I woke up this
morning and Missy was like did you do
your hair already
I was like no she's like it looks like
you did your hair like really Missy it
looks like I did my hair really does it
look like I did my hair folks it doesn't
know it doesn't I don't know what game
she's trying to pull on me and today is
just gonna be like a work workday trying
to get things finished for working on
something really cool I have we're
excited about so still oh oh yeah I saw
my right now oh this is gonna be good
oh it's gonna be really good oh my gosh
you guys I absolutely loved our doctor
she was so so nice very like willing to
chat and talk answer any questions and
she said he looks awesome he is in the
75 percentile for weight without it and
then 25 percentile for like his height
and stuff so he's a little shorty and
that she definitely said to keep
encouraging breastfeeding so right now
I'm kind of I feel like he's getting
fall off foods and not breastfeeding as
much and so I've been trying to cut back
on the food but she definitely
encouraged what my thinking was which
was cool
yeah she just was basically like proof
is in the pudding he looks awesome he's
just super alert super active baby and
if whatever I'm doing must be working so
it was a really good visit I enjoyed her
a lot and I definitely think I'll stick
with this doctor's my last song too he
just was not willing to chat he didn't
want to answer questions he didn't
really want to like talk you just want
to look at all of us say he's good and
walk away oh and also he although I know
I had mentioned that he used to have the
water in his testicles that but that's
all gone too definitely glad I made the
decision to switch pediatricians which
is sometimes really hard to do when
you've you know seen a pediatrician
since they were born
and you're always something like okay I
need to switch this up this is not
working I think it was a good decision
she looks so perfect standing there in
my American Apparel underwear 5 seconds
of summer anyone I actually I think this
is an extremely inappropriate song that
kids should not be singing but it's so
damn catchy why do they make all the bad
songs with all the bad lyrics like so
catchy you know what I'm saying so I
just got Ollie to bed he was definitely
a grouch and he needed a nap so
yesterday I gave him a nap a little too
late and then he slept too like 6 and
that definitely messed us up for what
bedtime happened now I gotta get some
chores done I gotta cook Ollie some food
clean up the kitchen stuff I'm checking
out my plants though and these things
are going crazy I know every time I show
this part like you guys are like movie
stuff we are we're actually gonna clear
out that section over there and we're
gonna move all our little squash and
zucchini over there because I obviously
know that they're not probably going to
last much longer if I keep them in this
section but look at my chorong it's
going like crazy I'm so excited we're
gonna have corn I don't know what what
happened but this is my cilantro
it's basically dead
like it I didn't even know a lot of
people have said maybe you're watering
too much so we tried to stop watering it
as much it could also be that the Sun is
just too harsh on it or even some people
mention that sometimes they need to be
harvested like more often so I'm not
sure what the heck growing plants is so
weird and so confusing I need a coffee
break so I am running to Starbucks I'm
gonna get some coffee for everyone I
guess it Starbucks until the 10th they
have happy hour between 3:00 and 5:00 we
can get half-price frappuccinos so it's
like sweet I'm gonna go and hopefully
these can still do the flan ones because
our flan is it flan or flan let me know
in the comments if it's flan or flan but
the flan one is probably my favorite and
I hope they still have it it's a good
song to have you heard this one
it's called rude by magic are you gonna
be so rude
nananana better too but you know I don't
know other words it's good song though
set up a fence over here we're trying to
separate the yard because karma just
kind of takes over all he's just getting
that age where we could probably start
to maybe put up like a play area maybe
this summer or stuff like that or even
like a pool and we don't want obviously
the dog to be able to mess with it most
pride keeps it keeps him out which is
nice booyah got coffee I got Missy a
mocha cookie crumble which has no coffee
in it already so she really likes that
one and then I got Missy's mom a caramel
ribbon crunch and then I got a flan one
I love oh man this is such a good one
you guys
ha and also they asked for the name and
so I said Missy
and they wrote sissy on every single one
of them I'm like Starbucks what are you
trying to call me okay
I'm just getting coffee for the house
okay I'm doing a good thing also good I
don't even care they can call me sissy
all day as long as they still give me
Quan frappuccinos I'm going to start
cooking which really cooking is food can
be a few out it's like a couple hour job
and some pears and carrots and zucchini
and that spinach and green beans I'm
going to be preparing a lot of these
foods differently I'm going to actually
just cut them up and prepare them as
finger foods for Oliver instead of
curating them
I totally made a little Missy move a
little Missy that's funny no I was all
excited about introducing a new food to
Oliver and it was gonna be a zucchini he
well I started cutting this and I was
like this doesn't smell like zucchini it
doesn't really look like zucchini I got
cucumber I obviously don't know my my
veggies very well I got pears just um
cut up and steamed
I've got cucumber which I'm really not
sure about spinach green beans and
butternut squash I still have to do
carrots but yeah I'm done and you might
guys remember my original plan I was
like whoo I'm gonna get all eight to
sleep early and then he'll be up before
um before it's too late
and here it is 6:01 and he's still fast
asleep I'm gonna let him sleep but that
ruins my plan of letting him you know
wake up earlier and be more tired for
bedtime of a problem you guys Oliver is
still sleeping how long has he been
asleep two and a half hours and when
does he have to be asleep in an hour
kind of funny though he obviously needed
his beauty rest is it called beauty rest
if you're a baby
maybe it's called cutie pie rest I just
made that up you guys cute babies get
their cutie pie rest hotties get their
beauty rest
oh oh he's like just kidding he's gonna
be up any minute yeah I've been working
on this video this morning since this
morning
hello mr. sleepy cutie pie okay he's
pulled all his toys down because before
I fell asleep he was in here playing and
he pulled everything down Dinka you
talking did you see good well it's your
bedtime in one
hours so get tired hey I feel so
refreshed I'm such a good mood yeah he's
so cute
I know you check out all these dinner
today this is his first meal of no puree
so he's got a little bit of green beans
a little bit of pairs that are steamed
and introducing egg yolk this is cooked
up egg yolk no egg whites or anything
kind of like a scrambled egg if I put
this on here you can't like I don't know
from real do it that way but all right
what do you want to try first and try
the egg yolk okay he's just playing with
it now nope not that one Oh beans there
you go green beans it is what do you
think you got a wait to put that in your
mouth
he's like um sure about these green
beans oh there goes two egg yolks hands
up eating a lot of his meal I'm quite
proud of you good side yeah now he's
pretty much done he's ready for a sack
Dameron for back the men for that today
is Friday for you guys which means that
there is a new video up on Missy's
channel and it's basically like the
biggest one of the biggest videos that
she's ever done and it's for Mother's
Day she did a Mother's Day video last
year and we wanted to just sort of
continue that tradition so we put up a
really really awesome video on her
channel you guys have to go check it out
go share it on your Twitter's on your
Facebook with your mom with your mom's
friends anyone out there and I think
there's like 50 500 likes on last year's
video so you guys can get this video to
have more likes than last year's video
then we'll do something really special
there are just tons of moms out there
that don't feel like moms and don't
aren't even celebrated on Mother's Day
and their moms and I'm like they need to
be they need to be reminded about on
Mother's Day and I feel like it's really
really important because I remember last
year was difficult in the year before
that was even more difficult the number
one thing to remember is that we aren't
trying to top last year's last year
is so special and so amazing this is
just a sequel it's just like really I do
see that it's like it's not like it's
better than last year's it's just like
it's continuing the work that Missy
started last year which is really cool
yeah I feel like last year is its own
story and this one is its own story and
it's really awesome to kind of see the
progression and this one is amazing just
because of the community the amount of
people there is over 300 photos the song
yeah it's really really crazy stuff you
guys so I mean this video is really
really important to me so please and go
check it out we put I basically that's
all I've been working on all day guys
whose eyes you guys they're red they're
bloodshot he's really been working on it
since this morning has been up in that
room all day just really well they're
pretty bad that good pretty red Oh watch
it go share it go share it with someone
who might just need those words said to
them this year you know that's all we
have for you guys today it click thumbs
up if you enjoyed the vlog and we will
see you guys tomorrow entire time let's
see he'll do it it's like a mom I know
how to get out of this thing do what are
you doing fix it like sketching yourself
out
you go ahead first huh Alli what are you
doing
