Hey did you sleep good he's actually
been in here for I don't even know how
long because I just turned on the
monitor to see like if he was still
asleep and he's just like hanging out on
his in his crib but usually honestly
what that means if he is awake it is
crib but not saying anything it still
seems tired usually means he pooped and
so I came in here sure enough he pooped
amazing I can't sleep in a poopy you
sleep in poop it's not fun good morning
you guys today I have been an editing
demon and I've just been getting so much
work done it's Monday so like our work
week begins and we have like things to
film and edit and do an emails to send
in all that jazz so that's what I've
been working on this morning but I'm
noticing that my hair is getting long
you guys notice some people notice that
I've sort of been styling it differently
like I've sort of been putting it like
it back more and I like that style I
think I think it fits me a lot of people
have been complimenting me and I haven't
even in the settings do you found it so
thank you and so I think I'm gonna get a
haircut today and shave all this off and
keep this nice and long mark what are
you doing you're not even walking you're
running weird come here
you taking the site then yeah come here
where you going
when I was younger actually my hair
would be so like fluffy I basically had
like a white man fro it was really
really funny so this is what I'm rocking
now this is our way of teaching you not
to put everything in your mouth you've
got a little lemon slices what are you
gonna do with that
oh nice he literally sticks everything
his mouth so this is kind of art why did
people not - but it's also just a fun
little game let's see what he thinks of
the lemon he's not dropping them what do
you think of that he's like what do you
think of that what do you think of it
the gross beer off to open swim he
hasn't swam in a like a while ha it's
been almost like a week and a half or
two weeks so like running late and I
really wanted him to eat some lunch and
so he is now going to eat a little bit
in the car hopefully I don't spill that
there you go hey okay first of all it's
hard to feed a baby in a car and
something that was hard to vlog and feed
a baby in the cars that's silly huh
do any more sand one more mom I'm hungry
he's having some peach applesauce and
parsnips and he seems to enjoy it so
that's good how's the water nice and
warm not cold like those other places
we've been taking him
he's really missed the water huh he sees
a swimmin setteth Kylie up there - hey I
know you float in to float on huh
I don't you think I can float that good
honestly I'm a crappy floater it's
really good I usually Casey yeah
recording we have battery okay ready
camera go good job buddy
look who we got we got a little
crocodile alright you gotta swim to it
okay all right we got Holley in some
bins now these little things it
basically just encourages him to like
kick more right and kick right like we
need kicks it they'll float to the top
so sometimes he'd bicycle kicks cuz he
like kicks with his feet like underneath
it
this will keep his feet from going
underneath them and it'll take him to
take better you kick Oh see look at
those kicks
so let me and Brian are gonna go run
some errands and we're kind of excited
we actually just left Oliver with the
babysitter kind of nice because I was
able to just put him straight to a nap
he's super diaper tight hyper hyper oh
I'm really hoping he's gonna sleep for
quite a while what we go do stuff and
it's kind of cool like not having a baby
is so weird like not having that like
responsibility it is 24/7 with that
turning made and like not even having to
like put him in the car seat or
something it's kind of like weird
babysitters Cassie Emily left her with a
killer so she wants to watch the walk
the Kudus woke up
Alvar just woke up from his nap I'm
babysitting him well that sucks I'm
babysitting him for a while I'm seeing
Brian her out at the mall Brian's
getting a haircut and he just woke up
can you see hi see good morning he's
known the mood got a wet but I got a wet
but I got a wet but cuz it sat in my wet
seat yeah drove home so I'm stuck to the
blue I'm just like you I can't talk hi
guys
hey hey follow my auntie on Instagram
and Twitter that'd be really cool links
in description below a few months ago I
was talking about starting a little
garden over in our side yard and it
definitely just wasn't good dirt it was
kind
it was just hard and stuff actually just
bought one of these things and my dad's
helping and well it's not actually kind
of more his garden now he is doing this
cool little garden set and it's kind of
neat because it's on rollers up high so
obviously no dogs will pee on it and
stuff and then it's got this cool little
pipe and it fills the water up I mean
you don't want to try and keep stuff as
organic as possible it's kind of cool
because this is all organic it has all
everything it needs to grow your plants
okay it's me and we got the we got all
kinds and we actually yeah we're not
planning this from from see we're
getting little starter plants but I
think that's kind of cool to come or
oregano
they just rosemary parsley my favorite
cilantro really cool is all I was eating
your Tomatoes done yeah got a shower did
my hair what do you think other haircut
let me know in the comments I did it
really really high on the sides and
super super short and I didn't ever cut
the top at all cuz I wanted to actually
grow the top a little it's been trying
to do something a little bit different
with it and I like it got some herbs
going here you want to say what's going
on yeah so we planted all the plants now
and I actually just ran down to the
store and I got a cherry tomato because
I really wanted a tomato one for Holly
not only is the soil organic but the
plants are also certified organic so
they've also been planted properly so
that they weren't like in those
chemicals that are just really bad like
you don't realize it but they like make
fertilizer out of some nasty stuff yeah
I love them so excited I want like a big
garden
yeah big garden she wants a big garden
right next to her horse ranch next to
her parents house with a pool that's all
perfect
o-over gots a new tooth you guys one
actually broke off on the side on the
top you've got three teeth now babe
it's gonna get more toffee whitney tom
it's gonna be yeah yeah
Palmer's asleep and I'm going deep-sea
fishing tomorrow not cool and I'm gonna
go do girl stuff
are you really what you're gonna do I am
gonna go get my hair done and I'm going
shopping and I'm gonna be a eyebrows
done and your nails done and your
bellybutton done and your thighs done
and your nose done I don't know other
things those things do I need to fix no
oh but anyway yeah I'm gonna finish
tomorrow so that should be cool vlog
maybe I'll I'm gonna be throwing up the
entire time I think you're watching get
the vlogger thumbs up and we will see
you tomorrow bye bye hurts
hey flirting you're flirting with the
camera
coffee
