good morning guys got trashcan goes by
because I got food poisoning this is our
son baby
boys do amazing things I've had food
poisoning maybe like five times but it
was like one most violent and painful
nights of my life I will go this morning
and my throat is so raw and I feel like
I got in a fight like my shoulders are
sore my back is sore my head is pounding
like my chest hurts not a good way start
the day but it's all out of my body now
so hopefully I'll be okay
then occupying myself with this app it's
called make it rain and you basically
just make it rain and like try and earn
a bunch of stupid and then you can buy
like little power-ups I make it right I
make it right I make it right good
morning do you see this back here this
is a very messy room and before I start
the vlog I usually clean all this up but
I thought why not switch it up a little
bit and start before I clean it up and
then you guys can be a part of me
cleaning it up and clicked you up here
look what I made here it's a little
tripod that I've stuck with feeling
using this like tape
you
he did it it's so clean this is not only
where I was stuck the ball and look he's
up just in time he just woke up from his
nap so he got a nice little once but if
you haven't heard yet
Brian was sick last night when Brian
gets sick it is really bad like when he
gets sick it is usually very very
violent really really hard to like
listen to because he when he throws up
it's like it is just everywhere and it's
just horrible sounding it sounds like
he's dying when he's just sick um I
guess I don't know what happened but he
woke up at like 3 a.m. and he just
started vomiting everywhere and was just
sick for like an hour and then he slept
for a long time and now he seems to be
fine I think he's really sore because he
threw up for like ever and it was very
violent um but at the same time I think
that he's feeling a lot better so
hopefully because we got a lot to do
today we have our Mother's Day video
that we've been trying to work really
hard on that's really really important
so there's really no time for anyone to
be sick right now everyone's got to be
healthy and goods that we can get some
done there's my naked little rat dog
your naked little rest dog and now that
he's shaved he has like this neck fat
you got neck fat hey see you Nick fat
yeah mock Borrego gali how did you sleep
Oh karma even says good morning
he slept so good I'm answering his
question for you he slept so good
are you happy baby yeah yeah yes da I've
done happy oh and Karma's already ready
for you to play ball with him you know
how to throw the ball it's like no I
don't know some cute Missy's going
through submissions lollipop is making
some music huh bombs because my new
shirt that I got has mud stains on it
from when we went to the day spa and did
like the mud baths I even wear the shirt
but I like had it with my towel and it
must like bro
stuff against it and so it's got mud
stains on it now also no matter how many
times I brush my teeth they still feel
disgusting from throwing up so much last
night
we keep brushing trying to get rid of
that nasty feeling you know it so all
easy in lunch and he's having peaches
and strawberry pieces it's actually
pretty cool because like I said I'm
trying to do more like food now and not
so much purees sure and did good
mm-hmm yeah it looks really good
strawberries you know I like the
strawberries yes he likes the
strawberries and the peaches and he
really likes blueberries so that is
really cool but yeah I'm really liking
this type of food Brian got himself a
little toy I get myself a choice for us
it got a new camera
logging camera yeah this is the canon
s120 and it's supposed to be like
amazing cuz all of our vodkas if you
guys don't know have scratches like on
the lenses so we're slowly replacing all
of them but I have to do them one at a
time cuz I'm expensive these new ones
are really expensive oh it's actually
funny has a lot of people come in like
there's a ghost on you because they'll
see like a little or it's like yeah it's
just a scratch I couldn't vlog with it
because it actually came with a pretty
much dead battery yeah it's one picture
but first impression is missing is heavy
I think this thing is like twice the
weight of the camera we're using right
now I'm feeling
is big it's a it's a little wider mm-hmm
yeah fatter I don't know it feels good
it feels nice and sturdy
it does feel sturdy like ours does feel
a little bit cheap not like cheap more
like just like I don't know it's just
not as foam are thick
you know this still seems very thick and
heavy but I don't like thick and heavy
because I'm holding my armor right now
and my harm my arm gets tired and if
it's heavier you have like tired faster
so but our arms kind of adjust to it you
kind of just learned to now I can hold
this thing up for five minutes and talk
to the camera angle but she also likes
to talk for her babies my daughter ahead
of your camera talk so much exactly what
I was going for I was like yeah I talk
way too much
really good it sounds like the the
quality is gonna be a lot different than
you guys are gonna know when I'm using
my camera and yeah it is I'd have to get
yours
yeah hunky I don't want a black one
though I want a pink one I love my pink
camera and they don't matter you
actually I can just get you a new one of
those that's yeah that could work
because it's I mean that camera has a
good quality it's just it's beat up yeah
we let all that you want we always
smudge the lens and it has like a scrub
it's just Matt it's just disgusting it's
not that bad disgusting there we know
the lens on here is gnarly Brian's a
tech snob look it even has a pop-up
flash right here so that's like kind of
old-fashioned I know it's cute though I
like it probably a nice flash Ollie is
crawling up the stairs I did this one he
wasn't tired so I had him go up these
three times like this that night he went
straight to bed it's like a baby workout
working out for babies right here
get Santa come get me come get me you
got him yep push it to the limit kid
come on ollie push it push it dry those
like rub them on the carpet yeah come on
come on you almost made it he's taught
here come on come on yeah like oh come
on
boom you did it kids all right so we ran
into a slight roadblock with the
Mother's Day video and so we I'm running
to the store to grab a couple things
hopefully we'll work this he's very
persistent I will say you guys I feel
loads better
I actually Missy and I went to Starbucks
and I drank a coffee and it kind of woke
me up a little more I'm not all sore and
stuff man last night was rough I just
hate food poisoning and it hits me hard
and it like takes so much out of me last
night it was crappy but I'm feeling a
whole lot better and basically I'm
pretty sure it had to do with women
grocery shopping and you know how at the
grocery store like as you're leaving
they sell like pizza and hotdogs and
stuff
well I got a slice of pizza because I
was hungry and I shouldn't have and
that's the only thing that I ate that
was different than Missy so I'm pretty
sure that is what did it and that's what
caused me all the pain last night moral
the story is don't eat food that's been
sitting under a heat lamp just don't
don't do it you don't do it guys all
right what do you have to say Olly hey
mom
oh yeah ma ma ma ma ma se ma ma ma ma ma
ma will you did a mama mmm ah now I get
frustrated so he's having dinner and
I am doing applesauce today I still have
not made his food because for me doing
stuff all day pushing this a little bit
more
look at that hand-eye coordination oh is
that one sour he's like that one is sour
mama say mama let mama all right you
guys I am using the new camera for the
first time it actually finished charging
it's a lot different it's bigger
I thought the lens sticks out more huh
so we'll see well how does this look how
does it sound
super like Wyatt yeah it is a good wide
shot it's a good white shot yeah
medicine looks nice light in here
yeah so let's see I'm going over here to
this area it's pretty dim in here it
just took it out of the box snacking on
some Famous Amos cookies is the first
time I'm I'm gonna see like any video
from this at all so I just like went
through all the settings and stuff
trying to basically figure it out
and it's pretty similar to my last
camera they were both Canon Powershot
but this is the s120 so it's the brand
new one
um it's they just updated it from the s
110 and that's one tends a pretty good
camera too I'm just so sick of our old
cameras like they fuzz out the stupidest
times and they just don't focus so
frustrating huh
like even if you're trying to get like a
moment and it like goes away well he's
taking about hey Holly
lollipop bodies in the water Benny
penguin are you about to baby oh you're
so socked your legs are so shy
good bad kids night all elated I look at
these massive amount of photos you guys
we printed photos for the Mother's Day
video this is like over three hundred
photos that were printing Missy's doing
something really cool with them right
now but I can't show you
trying not to crash so you say we're
gonna go ahead and do this I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog I'm gonna go
ahead and end it here um hopefully by
tomorrow I'll figure out all the new
settings and different stuff on this
camera to make sure that it's working
good because I want it to work click
thumbs up if you guys enjoyed today's
vlog and we will see you tomorrow fine
go pick up Cassie and harm our friends
from school and stuff so this is enough
room but Ollie is cracking it up do you
think that this is the most hilarious
thing ever to have a doggy in the
backseat
what the heck was going on why is your
puppy back there it's just like staring
at Karma laughing hysterically is the
funniest thing ever occurs just like
what am i doing in here
