good morning guys it's Saturday and I've
basically spent the entire morning with
this thing ps4 controller
Pisan of those okay this is our Sunday
that boy he's gonna do amazing things
I've been playing infamous second son
it's even got this cool thing called
photo mode where you can actually like
freeze time in the game and then like
try and make a cool photo so here I'm
going to do it real fast push l3 and it
freezes time you can like move around
the controller and like take really
really cool pictures look at that look
how beautiful that is so cool
yeah the lighting in this game is like
incredible I think I read a comment on
today's vlog and they were like infamous
isn't that good you should have got
titanfall
on Xbox one I've never been an Xbox
person I've always been a PlayStation
person I've had the first ps1 have had
the ps2 about the ps3 I don't know
there's something about PlayStation Plus
I really want to play second son it's
only available on PlayStation but what
are you guys let me know in the comments
are you an Xbox person or a PlayStation
person I don't think you have to pick
sides I think that you just have a
preference that's fine you know I
actually in a perfect world would own a
ps4 and an Xbox one Xbox one so I can
play all the cool games what are you
doing over we doing over just been
hanging out in his crib you guys I can
actually like show you the nursery look
at this in this so cool Missy did a
video on her channel talking about all
the changes and sort of like
organization and stuff like that so if
you haven't checked it out go check it
out on her channel hey kiddo
Hey hi Bubba hi Bubba
oh I see we got to an accident I'll fix
you up oh okay
he has spit up all over him and he just
spit it all over me all right looks like
we're gonna do a morning bath today
because he has spit of all of them huh
good kill you had fun yep fun with that
Holly did as important so you could look
at that busy laughs - good morning guys
I realized today that he is almost 9
months like in a couple of days right
what's today yeah the 19 yeah 19 - like
next week he'll be 9 months old 9 months
ago they were pulling him out of here
yes they were now he's riding on a
rocking horse he loves that thing have
like boxes in here of clothes that like
this is the box of 6 to 12 months but I
don't think he actually is quite big
enough because that's a six month outfit
and he seems to fit it perfect look at
these cute little like gym shorts I just
found they're so cute they're six to
nine months or so thinking cute so yeah
I'm definitely gonna okay and this one
actually was sent to us from a viewer
and he isn't quite fitting it yet but
look at it says what does the Fox say
what pop pop pop top of POW might be a
little bit big but I think I'm actually
gonna pull it out because it's so cute
it's a rabbit skin - those are really
nice yeah this is actually really good
quality like the fabric just feels
really actually made out of rubber skin
no just oh I got these at Babies R Us oh
yeah they're Orange he's like I'm done
with the horse you gotta get off my ears
so you know how swing your leg around he
always tries oh good job like I'm done
hey your horsey no he rocks been here
days like I should go back and forth all
right I'll stay
family output it of the day I'm wearing
an old Navy v-neck
Maronna shorts from Target and Hollister
flip-flops I've had these things for
like how it likes for years are the only
flip-flops that don't destroy my feet
great they're awesome all he's wearing
this carter's carter's uh whales on the
corner yeah and just pop that car make
it look like I can fly mmm go wait me
holy
whoa is that they're very sad right now
okay hairpiece from icing it's a little
bow Angie my hair curly Angus Brown and
I'm wearing a cami and a tank from
forever 21 these shorts are also fun
forever 21 and these really really old
shoes that I got really long time ago I
don't know where dang Hollywood the body
spin for me what's up I kind of guide
you you're out for the day what are you
wearing who are you wearing who you're
wearing he's wearing this lovely orange
collar that a viewer got him it actually
has a spot where you can put a bow tie
but he's not wearing the bow tie at the
moment hey guys it's Saturday and Brian
want lunch so where do you think we go
any guess is free bird and I got to
admit I'm really into it now at first I
was like I don't get it it's just a
burrito it's not that good but there's
honest like oh dang these are really
good so having burritos is always
yay I'm so glad I only got like a
45-minute nap so getting a nice little
nap in right now I am obsessed with
their pot brownie for a while I was like
the only reason I wanted to go to three
versus four brownies but now that I like
the the burritos I get to have a brownie
with my meal and I should be so big like
I can eat I can eat this really free
meals and so they're so good they taste
homemade amazing there he is
there you go ma'am is there anything
else I get the ETA on yes I would like
some lemon just kidding yeah I like
treating him like our waiter my waiter
he's my waiter I'll be your waiter thank
you you give me good tips we got some
burritos in our bellies now we are
walking over to not sprouts not sprouts
but rude
you call this fruits earlier it was a
total mean girl moment like girl you
started say great but you meant to say
cool oh man all he's still asleep that
was nice eating some lunch with him just
like Mac and I like a smile call him
well cuz it's not about holding him it's
about him like lying up and like
scratching us yeah very much hey babe
you wanna buy a boat babe hop in hop in
the book and the book is cooking
come on up oh where are you gonna go in
this boat holy strawberry Batman he's a
good baby
yeah so you think are these pink lady's
foot Fuji Oh huh
I make an extra one for me num hey buddy
you waking up how are you you were in
the car see and now you're outside on an
adventure
apparently it's sample day here at roots
because they're givin us a bunch of cool
samples is what you don't like are you
okay this little thing is called a nut
ball and they're like nut burgers that's
actually it's like a vegan all it's made
mostly like cashews and almonds she said
but it's interesting it cut it they made
it taste like meat somehow yeah it's so
weird there's no meat in there
found some organic milk you guys and
it's in a glass bottle and you can
actually see the line but you can see
this is like the salary yeah the fat
like goes to the top all natural so
we're gonna try it is that the stuff
that you get on the black market you
know I don't I don't think so right
you got all excited look at this one
look at this one I'm innocent
whoa it's that sound of fast he's not
interested in the book yes it in the
noises it'll make him more interested in
books as he like it cuz I'll read to him
I was like the sounds who is a good Oh
God
ha no you almost got that in your nose
you almost got didn't you no yes you did
don't shake your head at me yes you did
every time I go like this I'm trying
we're trying to teach him the up-down
yes you don't want to learn that one do
you
we're grabbing some stuff at Target now
and he was cranky so he's eating
something playing with his toys had a
little meltdown it's all in a day's work
huh
like the owl Macy is watching Shane
Dawson catching up on some youtube bids
I decided I wanted to try this
it's a Ferrero Rocher refer wherever
sure brochure it's like my favorite
candy but they did a bunny and it's like
chocolate and hazelnut and Oliver's
doing something Hey you booked me up
there alright for the first time and
Oliver's gonna get into everything first
it's Hollow - I love hollow chocolate I
do not like solid chocolate let me know
in the comments below you a hollow
chocolate person or saw a chart I love I
can't deal with solid chaga it's just
weird oh oh ear hmm hey so yeah it's got
like the hazelnutty stuff like in the
chocolate and that is the inside of an
Easter Bunny's brain that's pretty damn
good
I'm gonna put in the fridges off that
like chocolate cold also I'm very picky
when it comes to mind chocolate I
normally don't even like milk chocolate
I'm a dark chocolate person but that's
pretty dang good we got Ollie and some
new pajamas he's like nah uh-uh no more
number ten beds bedtime he melts down
every night around that time he can't
even but it who's this
look at that look at that just so you
know he's not saying no yeah but it's
it always happens that's the funniest
time like we got him a new toy today and
my sister awesome do you like your new
toy and he goes like oh okay
I love your PJs dude I thought those are
gonna be too big and they like fit in
perfectly there you go some bedtime
horsey ride yeah yeah see I think was
bad oh we get to cuddle every night
before that I'm gonna go ahead and end
the vlog so I hope you guys enjoyed it
click thumbs up if you did and we will
see you tomorrow bye bye I can't see
anything
oh yeah there are you okay is he okay
works pretty dang good karma drop your
ball drop your balls I want to shoot it
I'm gonna shoot it ready go get it this
thing works kind of broken
look I'm nasty it is ah you want to
throw the ball for him you wanna you
know throw it it's like that's gruff
that is pretty
