what what would it be what what what
would it be
Danny bombs crew oh it is Sunday what up
I was hoping that that what was going to
rhyme a lot better time baby boys can do
amazing things
yep guys it's Sunday that means if
you're in the United States boys and
girls I'm talking to you you have one
week to buy your mother a card or a
present or some flowers or do something
nice for her or make something for her
Mother's Day is in one week it's next
Sunday so you guys better get on it and
I'm not kidding if you mess this up then
you're grounded okay get your mom
something good she she did something
good by having you all right it's a
sunny day here in sunny Southern
California
I'm very sing-songy this morning I'm
sorry if you don't like it that's what
I'm doing okay
rockin my snapback rocking my wooden
glasses and I'm driving and I'm happy
and am in a good mood okay no really I
am
I'm morning everyone I was thinking
about putting away this little fence can
we get this out every morning cuz he
plays in here every morning but then
it's like the most obnoxious thing Brian
hates that it's up but then I'm like
okay well he's gonna get up in a few
minutes probably and then he's gonna
want to play and then I'm gonna have him
all over the room if I put this away
usually Saturday and Sunday we try and
like take it off I guess I this week has
been a little bit crazier um and so we
have to do a video today and we probably
should have done it yesterday so it's
like yesterday we should have done it so
we thought about doing it all day long
and so we really it's like if you didn't
like if we should have just done it and
got it over with instead of like
worrying about it all day yesterday and
we didn't even get to like really relax
you know I mean we're just getting ready
for Mother's Day we got a huge video
coming on Friday and it's something
that's like really special for us and
it's something that we really care about
and it's a really big project so we want
to make sure it's really perfect so we
need to make sure our schedule
pretty much clear so we can have the
perfect video out on Friday and I'm
really excited about it I got to get
some stuff because today we're filming a
last-minute baby League episode which
should be up today and it should be all
about Mother's Day and I hope it turned
out and I hope it's amazing we actually
did another episode and then we were
like wait it's gonna be like we have to
put up one before Mother's Day that's
like totally important so we're like
rush and rush rushing to get this one
done because we want it to be super
awesome so go check it out how we blow
in the description so you guys can watch
the video zombie you better have
something prepared for your mom right
yeah I said her bouquet dead flowers and
a cake shaped like a boring ha and the
best son ever yesterday my aunt she
watches our vlogs and she goes you she
made a comment behind that I don't make
the bed every day actually I do make the
bed every single day I make this bed
every single day is that even normal do
you make your bed every single day I
feel like I do because this is like our
house this is like where we live this is
my living room and my bedroom and
everything all in one and obviously this
is also where I vlog and so I have to
keep it kind of decent-looking and so I
feel like I work really hard at that
obviously it's not perfect all the time
because it can't be there was no like a
fence taking do any but I was like wait
do people make their bed every single
day I feel like if I didn't vlog in my
room every single day I wouldn't make it
every single day but I just kind of like
got into a habit of it cuz obviously I
don't my bed being all like disgusting
looking on the internet and stuff I
don't think that that's totally normal
I feel like a lot of people don't make
their bed every single day okay so I
have to get karma a new toy for the
video if you go watch it you'll see why
but this toy claims to have silent
squeak technology your dog in here you
cannot so let me know in the comments if
you dog freaks out
are they freaking out is it actually
working I don't know we'll see look at
oli helping mommy pick out some cute
outfits
Highschool careful buddy she's trying to
pick out some outfits for the video we
have the soup today no he Fitness
doesn't fit in like any of these anymore
why are they hanging up there then I've
gone through them but basically now out
of the owners six-month are you saying
that we have to go shopping for me
please
I mean I have clothes but not like one
that one's cool get this one local hunk
do you like that is all I'm gonna work
today I get to use my new tripod and I'm
like really excited how you unlock it
and then it like those however you want
and then you just lock it again so
pretty nifty what the Holly what have
you been doing like putting his hands
all over the walls is that what you've
been doing
cut him muddy handed we're filming by
Roy so this is completely normal right
now he just got mad whatever son ha ha
ha okay that's okay
and voila we've got a clean baby and
clean wall we're actually working on a
really funny video on baby Lee channel
so make sure you watch it cuz all I got
pretty money for it but we're still not
done we were like halfway through it and
it's good I think it's gonna turn out
really good in car was in it too but now
he definitely needs a new outfit we're
trying to avoid getting his outfit dirty
but that definitely didn't happens like
I said he's like out of all his clothes
I'm just not kind of realizing it cuz I
actually lately I literally only put him
in like t-shirts and shorts and that
doesn't seem that like really have a
problem but when I look at all his
onesies he's one of these are way too
small so so funny I can't believe how
big E's getting it's like ridiculous
it's a serious problem with the Prius I
left the house and to run some errands
that I obviously started the car fly
because there's key somewhere in here
but as I got it was getting out of car
obviously I need to walk the car and
bring the keys with me I don't see the
keys the keys I can't find them
so either had to leave my car
with the keys sitting here somewhere but
anyone could just walk right in and turn
it on and leave with my car but I have
no idea where the keys are
I know they're in the car because the
car would not be able to start if the
keys were in here but I don't think them
and I can't find them and so kind of
freaking out this is a good problem go I
think I feel like it's like a problem
with the with the whole Prius thing and
keep this keyless and trees and keyless
starts and stuff like that it's very
frustrating I don't know what did you
alright well I found it back up there
that was in the back where it would have
been able to start but it was there so I
noticed another pair that's another key
somewhere closer she was in front of the
car and everybody wears it that really
sucks but I walked it so that's all that
matters guys it's time to break out the
pool stuff we got this cool little pool
out and the way it works actually is has
like a shade right here which i think is
really convenient it's got a slide and
this thing actually sprays so I'm gonna
let them just play in here probably
sitting here too we can send the shade
even the thing is though is that it's
been like at least a hundred degrees
like all week and today it's like 80 no
MIMO huh whoo look at what is it doing
it's like this chillin like I really
hope that doesn't touch me you're gonna
see me well picking Nemo say hi little
fishy mom kind of cold
well barbecuing right now and
unfortunately Brian's working um kinda
sucks cuz he is literally been working
all day long and actually this whole
week he's been like working like crazy
and anyone who doesn't like consider you
to a job it's it's serious like he
literally
is in his room working and sometimes for
hours on end for long periods of times
there's even days where like we don't
get a lot of time together because he's
doing so much so it's just like you know
it's an interesting job being on YouTube
because we do have whoops we have our
time at home we have a lot of time at
home but you know I mean he's still
working a lot most of the time but I
need some help okay my cilantro is dying
if you can see it like it's literally
just like shriveling up and just not
doing good and I don't know what the
problem is and in this thing this thing
is going crazy but again just the
cilantro is just looking like it's dying
and so I don't know what is going on
with the cilantro
you know a lot of people were concerned
that this thing isn't getting a ton of
Sun but it actually does get Sun like
for a while and then I usually move it
out of the Sun all the plants are doing
good except for my cilantro I'm just
worrying that's like the one thing that
I was excited about was my cilantro look
at all these cute hair you guys like
faux hocked it attempted to thank you
it's like a curls back cute fuzzy things
so long it's like yeah I didn't realize
that it was like that long that's crazy
yeah alright time for bed time for bed
but Baba say night-night they ain't
coming wait bye good bye that works the
short strip what episode number are you
want on Pretty Little Liars I'll be like
72 72 episodes about a set throw is this
the last one
finish it tonight
okay I'm gonna let you finish it tonight
all right I'm the best husband ever
scared and I had a hair off if you guys
don't know who jared is umm it's Jared
me come from style bye Ellie you guys go
to our Instagram so you can see what
went down
he clearly won but I will just say that
it was a very low blow and quite
surprising I didn't know he had it in
him I seriously did not think that he
would go that low bro if you're watching
mmm you can't use that next time next
round that's all I'm saying
I use this bad boy my wand which I've
been swinging at Missy
love me I'm going by me video games oh
man anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog I feel like this is like
the first time I've actually been able
to like vlog like all day just cuz I've
been like doing stuff anything if you
guys enjoyed today's vlog give a thumbs
up or we'll crucio you just kidding
I'm gonna do that or would i we will see
you guys tomorrow bye honey watching him
he'd let my tears okay he wants it
actually shook it that
no ether
