when your kid wakes up from a very
refreshing nap what are you doing crazy
kid I guess you could say the naps
served its purpose guys we are on a
special mission today right me and Ollie
are off to go see nacho when we go see
him we were actually going to attempt to
give him a bath I have not given him a
bath since I got him and he is just very
dirty he's not he's not disgusting or
anything I mean I brush them and clean
them every day but I think it's time for
him to get about this nice warm day
today so we might ride him first but
then we're gonna give him a bath right
how do you think it'll go do you think
you'll like it
I could scrub them all up and use soap
all right let's go do it you see the
chickens we got all kinds of friends out
today this is Duchess here's Billy he's
a going behind the camera you like Billy
no he's kind of afraid of Billy Billy
and does like the head but kids that are
smaller than him so come here oh hey
it's like oh no they won't run too fast
huh so while Missy is giving nacho a
bath for the first time sin and I are
just hanging out ha then I was letting
him play in the courtyard while I was
getting some work done in my office and
I couldn't find him when I found him
sitting on the rock I was like you are
so cute what are you doing now
what are you doing now mister you want
to sit on that one okay
whoa you're so cute buddy
what are you doing karma karma and Luna
obviously I've found some sort of plant
that they like here I keep catching them
eating different stuff in the yard and I
don't know what it is they act like we
don't feed them and we do twice a day
what you're leaving so Finn just decided
to leave
so I had full intentions on riding nacho
before I gave him a bath but he is
filthy I think today is a little bit
warmer than usual and so he was sweating
a bit and so I was like you know what
we'll just skip the ride today and we'll
just give you a back are you ready we
got all our supplies you've got poo
conditioner a detangler all kinds of
stuff a few other things in a bucket so
we're gonna give him a bath and I'm
hoping he does guy I think he'll be good
you're gonna be good in the bath yeah
what Luna doing she's looking your feet
no you are you giving it speak kisses so
it looks like you took your socks off so
Luna could kiss your feet right yeah Ben
and I are eating some grub today I made
him a peanut butter and jelly sandwich
do you like it can you show me how you
take a big big bite of it okay has he's
got his dirty socks on the table nice
dude the boys have been loving a
homemade peanut butter and jelly
sandwiches for a while they're eating
those Uncrustables but they love these
now and all he actually asked for yeah
I'm eating like this quinoa protein
chicken a dope been trying to keep it a
little light it's because I am really
really actually really close to my goal
weight and I know I haven't talked about
this a whole lot but ever since November
I've lost 30 35 pounds
my goal is basically to be under 200
pounds I want to be the way I was when I
was in high school and I feel amazing
and I have I've only been drinking
Lucroy so I haven't been drinking any
soda or anything like that and basically
just watching what I eat and trying to
not only eat better but eat a lot less
it's been working it's been really
really nice to actually see what I feel
like just feeling better is motivation
to keep going and to keep doing this
so I'm excited we'll see and if it
happens I'll keep you guys updated you
know they did just start selling
girl-scout cookies though didn't they
Finn yeah and I had to walk past the
Girl Scout cookies the other day and I
said no thank you but I felt really bad
it was really hard because I love me
some Girl Scout cookies but I know if I
buy the box I'll just eat the whole
thing
right can I get an amen my favourite
cookies though are probably the Thin
Mints I put the whole box in the freezer
and they're like little crispy chips and
they're so amazing so yummy but you guys
would let me know what is your favorite
Girl Scout cookie and I can read your
comments and maybe it'll keep me away
from buying a box
speaking of a lunch I think it's time to
feed our fishies I've got some fresh
shrimp Oh didn't get it really a lot
there we go
there you go guys I'm pretty sure Finn
just made the biggest mess in the world
can you wipe your hands and face off
please thank you all right nacho isn't
looking so coolly hi
he just has some conditioner left in his
mane and tail that I need to get out but
he is so clean he was so dirty I saw so
much dirt coming off you and he actually
did really good he doesn't love his face
getting wet and stuff which I mean who
does right I'm pretty much used to it
when I give my kids baths they don't
like their face getting wet either huh
yeah always been such a good help and we
are almost done
ha bud almost done
no no all right you are all clean now I
just gotta get dry looking good I'm
gonna do a really pretty braid before I
leave and tie it all up so it looks good
after it's all dry it's doing good how
you doing you soaked did you have fun or
something your shoe you're such a cowboy
all right then it's nap time do you want
to say night-night to the vlog say
night-night camera you just gonna crawl
in all on your own
in your clothes Ben actually slept in
today until 8:40 it was unprecedented
and amazing so he's getting a little bit
of a later nap but it's probably perfect
for him right now he's ready all right
put this kid to bed what do you see is
there a raccoon in there and a bear
there's a little bear do you want to
sleep with him tonight
yeah okay there we go
alright not to his all done he's here
looking good and I did his tail I went
ahead and kind of pinned this all down
cuz he's got all short hairs that fray
up so I'm hoping this might help got a
cool little braid here
goes all the way to the bottom looking
so cute how you feel nacho I did a
little shaver on his whisk or his little
nose so I really liked that I think that
looks really clean and nice do you like
that that's good I think he likes it
alright you ready to go in and go eat
you look good when your kid wakes up
from a very refreshing nap
what are you doing crazy kid he's
literally just running around the yard
so now you have lots of energy huh you
soon
seola yeah well there we go I guess you
could say the naps served its purpose
look at these lemons on our tree you
guys it looks so good
careful thing though these lemons looks
so good they look ready
all right you guys that is all for
today's video but if you enjoy it be
sure to give this video a thumbs up
subscribe and turn on your notifications
we're still kind of tweaking our upload
schedule a little but we have been
taking like Mondays and Wednesdays off
or Tuesdays and Thursdays off we're kind
of just gonna see what works for us but
so far it's been amazing and we've been
able to take a little bit of headway I
think into moving forward for the future
so thank you guys so much for all the
support on that I really appreciate it
we just had a really chill day today and
there wasn't much else going on so I
thought I'd end the vlog but thank you
guys for watching leave a happy friendly
Kampala we'll see ya tommorow manana
buddy
you
