hey Missy do you like cute fluffy
animals yeah
do you like cute puppies yes do you like
cute kittens yeah who doesn't love a
cute little fluffy animal you can just
cuddle with a kid but do this and if
you're one of those people and I know
you are then you guys are going to want
to check out the pet collective Channel
right here on YouTube they're basically
the best channel on YouTube for cute and
funny pet videos Missy did you know they
have a video that went viral and it's
Toy Story with kittens you guys should
definitely head over to their Channel
and check it out
because they also have a couple of
really awesome other pet parodies that
they do but basically on the sides of
the screen you're going to see a puppy
and you're gonna see a cat and basically
you have to decide are you a cat person
if you are click here are you a puppy
person if you are click here Monsieur
are you a puppy person or a cat person
I've never had to choose a puppy I would
say that I'm a kitten person you can
also click the link below in the
description to check out the pet
collective Channel right here on YouTube
and be sure to subscribe because they
have a lot of really cute funny videos
coming up I still get inside am I a
puppy or kitten person
big bright pink for the bum very nice of
you
this is our sign daily
boy gonna do amazing things
hey buddy
saw him crawling around and I monitor
and he was just chillin in his crib
didn't even cry just woke up here's a
mess buddy you got a comb that que c'est
comme one in the ollie buddy
that big old smile he gives me every
morning
hey guy himself kisses alright now we
can start our day check out is out for
you guys I got him in a hey romper a
daily bombs romper we actually got that
a while ago but it was too big for him
and now it's starting to be too small
for him so I was like Dan gotta put you
in that home looks pretty dang cool I
love the color
he likes it he's smilin huh if you guys
want to get a daily bumps romper or
onesie for your kid I'll have a link
below in the description so you check
out our merch store you know some with
anchors on them - it's pretty cool
ollie is amused I judge you I just threw
all these pillows around him that was
quite funny making the bed you wanna
help make the bed baby yeah oh I make
the bed Kay yeah good buddy gotta start
with the sheet she's like what
alright ready and Oh make red Oh Carson
help
this is severe anxiety why he's thinking
it bad
hi baby mommy's kissing y'all feetsies
Oh row it is so beautiful out here you
guys it's like 80 degrees and it's sort
of crazy actually
oh it's always weird being out here at
this time because the sun's hitting me
slots all weird and like we have this
weird shadow thing going on like this
new our shadow tiny paws up the hill
suddenly you're standing still your fur
is red so beautiful what does the Fox
say he will only read it if the Fox has
seen it down yeah now that we actually
have a Fox go along with our what does
the Fox say book you so we can read
darling touch it cheetah duck duck a
Kazakh cow I've got this house is
actually gonna be like a ketchup day I
guess Oliver hasn't been feeling very
well the last couple days so we don't
really like to film when he's feeling
under the weather or if he's not acting
normal but we have to film next week's
episode of look who's blogging all he's
been acting really good he had that
fever yesterday but all yesterday was
basically fine except for he's still not
eating perfectly but today he's got a
bit of a rash on his chest and on his
back and his neck but not on like his
arms legs your legs anything yeah right
here so we've been doing a little bit
Goulet googling and it looks like it
could be roseola this is it it's like a
it's not supposed to be like a real
serious thing it's just like they get a
fever for a few days and then you see it
though like it's really soy
Legolas
he's also tired and they also gonna have
like a slight loss of appetite and so
anyways I'm gonna call his doctor and
just let him know but I don't think it's
anything to worry about too much
especially as its fear is gone
everything seems you find this might
just be some sort of good rush he also
is very sticky so you DEP obey me but I
brought a friend yeah you tired my
little freckly baby you know what Missy
yes this gives a term to the to the name
daily bumps oh they're gonna be no bumps
all over him it type he is that he's all
cuddly he never like cuddles up to
anyone unless he's actually like really
tired he's been doing that we called the
doctor and basically they said they
asked if he has any other symptoms and
he doesn't if he had a fever and the
rash I think it would be a lot worse but
since it's just the rash and maybe just
because of the fever and everything's
gone so we left the message with his
doctor so he'll call us if they want us
to come in but sleepy Bears asleep and I
just beat and foremost - it was so cool
that was probably like one of the
coolest games that I've ever played on
my PS triple and basically now I have to
go get a ps4 so I can play the new
infamous right baby let me just explain
this okay
begged me for a ps3 begged me I said
okay and now he wants a ps4 but miss
maybe not at all that game we can play
all the games using said ps3 games are
cheaper so that's the best way to do I
play them all I play them all play all
of them
you still have used to have tons of
games in there that I got you for
Christmas that you haven't played but
I've played those before I just have
them for installed oh my god no you just
get back to watching your pretty little
liars okay he might turn that on she
won't here
and I'm gonna go to gamestop no you're
not come on you have to be supportive
we're filming for Lucas vlogging this is
quite possibly the greatest thing ever
so you're gonna get a little teaser into
next week's episode right so I have a
camera position here and we got some
green screen actually going on with
Oliver right in his horsey yes he is
dressed as a cowboy so that's what's
happening there we go
do you wanna all right you're done the
lights of lights going on here and it's
very hot
okay he act there needs to be Fanta so
we got some peeps the other day when we
went Easter candy shop in good baby are
you done now yeah okay and so Missy
wants to too much uh be Pete uh yeah I
don't know Chubby's so basically it's
like I'm a chubby bunny except you put a
peep in your mouth and you see who can
get the most well I've never tried them
you don't like them they're not that
great so are they like marshmallows
it's like marshmallow and it's got like
this weird candy thing on the outside
I'm feeling an echo like this yeah I'm a
chubby Pete I'm Charlie fit mm you do
another one
number four mm-hmm okay dude otherwise
I'd add y'all it comes up for this very
year oh my god you really did it
I can't hear just watching you
how is that not that bad
I want to try one all right Bryan Stern
I've implemented our child - oh man you
did not want to do this by the way I
made him those are not good
I got all five you're so silly hard
always doctor finally called and he
basically just was like oh it's probably
just something from his fever isn't it
and so he didn't seem to concern he just
said to keep an eye on it and that's
pretty much it so I feel I feel okay and
like I said I'm not really that worried
about it either I mean it's a rash but
just something to keep an eye on but I
think it's an get is roseola the high
say at roseola but I don't know pretty
spotty on his back you dig it dig it dig
it too good to go but all he's taking a
bath by the way what are these bruises I
have on my legs that's from the mud run
on Saturday and they're like actually
pretty painful - I banged myself up
pretty good but it was a lot of fun but
I'm gonna get him ready for bed I'm
gonna put him bed a little bit early
today and so he can get some sleep
and so we're gonna go ahead and end the
vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it because
we had a great day we got some videos so
much is good so we'll see you guys
tomorrow
bye oh you see bye bye see makes so much
noise that's cool gonna fold your
clothes - good boy a low-grade fever
yeah what about ninety-nine doctors
gonna check you out see how you are okay
buddy I'm infected temptress yeah I was
a pro bono
