bloodmoon watch 2014 whoa there is
something and found of the moon and it's
freaking me out
the moon's all earth what are you doing
Earth stop it's like almost fully
covered holy cow
and now the moon is glowing red so I'm
gonna be honest that's kind of freaky
I think some of those okay this is our
Sunday Sun boy there's gonna do amazing
things
hey good morning everyone come on Wow
can you tell him how your night wet say
not great hey guys all right so just
like Oliver said huh
was it a bad night he had sort of a
rough night he woke up around one
o'clock like it usually does and I
picked him up and he was just like
boiling up so frustrating because I have
so many different thermometers I have
this temporal one I have a rectal I have
an oral which can also work under the
armpit but all of them are just so
inaccurate like they all just come back
this one is ridiculous I'll scan him and
I'll scan myself and it'll come back 96
97 99 98 like it'll give me like a
bazillion different temperatures I don't
even know what the average temperature
could be because it's so random but I
did the armpit one and he was coming
back as like 1 101 100 point 5 6 I was
like freaking out I really quickly got
tylenol in him because that's all I
really had it seemed to go down pretty
quickly and I gave him like a attempted
bath um so it wasn't too warm or
anything but gave him a bath to try and
cool down his body and his fever did
seem to go away needless to say we're
headed to the doctor's right now you
need to figure out what's wrong with you
hey my sick boy why are you smiling at
me like that you're sick you don't feel
good member remember you kept us up all
night now you're gonna go see the doctor
okay he's a doctor
ah these things are a mess step don't
you guys see shirt says yes I am the
cutest thing you've ever seen when a
monkey facing adorable huh
look at that hey buddy there's to be
more efficient action
freaky-looking huh
pom pom pom pom pom pom re you have to
wear your hat yeah you have to wear it
Hey no he just literally throws it off
like he doesn't even want to play with
it cuz before he was like taking and
playing with it now he's like throws it
there you go
you look so handsome there you go you
distract them mMmmm now you're happy
oh all he loves this pink cake makes so
much noise that's cool
gonna fold your clothes good boy fever
right now yeah what is it 99 doctors
gonna check you on see how you are okay
buddy I'm infected tempest yeah
over the probe one hope and see if it is
the same as the one sheet this one's
over yeah say no more
no boy no way there it goes what's it
say 98.3
and so loud baby good really good
actually sounds like he just has a virus
he doesn't have any kind of ear
infection he says his ears look great
actually
and he has a slight fever and so if he
does just you know give him Tylenol
every four hours if it's like above 100
I was like he's fine you just not
feeling great but he's not like terribly
sick
how many did way 18 pounds 9 ounces I
thought he was bigger than that I
thought it was gonna be bigger than I
thought it was like 24 pounds like this
kid is heavy and I did mention that he
wasn't like eating his solids very much
and she and he just said that basically
he's just not feeling good and wants to
nurse more and that's basically all this
so I feel good better about that well we
know once he starts eating normally to
know he's feeling better - yeah yeah
definitely for sure yes the shaking of
his head is really just no not anything
else other than just I don't want that
so I just got to some lunch at Subway we
are obsessed with their new garlic bread
it's so good I swear this is an
endorsement endorsement but when I got
there she was like there's only one left
and I was like no I didn't know what to
do and then they found another rack and
my day was pretty much made Olli is
asleep and you know what that means
Cuddy in the bed boop boop boop boop
this is filming a video and yeah go
check out link below the description so
you guys some check out missus new video
various probably huh yeah first video on
the new bed I know I've been feeling so
different it looks really cool in the
camera look I'm like
I feel like it's work we know so you
want to be a queen oh that makes me a
keen just say you know so yeah this kid
won't sweep this kid won't sleep he's so
cute it seems like round the cameras I'd
like nothing I'll Big O God I tried to
put him obviously a pin then I found him
with a poopy diaper and then I laid him
back in his crib me win sleep and I
found him with another poopy diaper so
at this point I've been trying to get
him to sleep for about an hour and a
half and I gave up I guess oh my gosh it
smells amazing out here
smells like fresh-cut grass and flowers
and yumminess huh and it's really nice
it's like 80 80 something he removed
those little fingers
I always sometimes that this was turned
around so he could watch Karma because
he always wants to look at Carmo and
we're swinging but at the same time it's
kind of hard because I want to see him
when he swings and that yeah here you go
got a little bit of tear marks but it's
made it through let go let's squirrel
ball ha ha it is cooking day for oli and
I'm making all kinds of new stuff this
week so of course I got my butternut
squash which I make basically every week
I am also gonna be making parsnips which
I've never had parsnips but they look
like a parent he's had them in the
pouches before also got some green beans
which this will be the first time I'm
making curried green beans um and then
I'm got carrots but I'm actually going
to not puree to carrots since he's been
so picky I'm going to try and steam it
and dice them or just all probably dice
on the phone and see them you know make
like make little discs and unlike boil
them in like brown sugar and butter
no not for all over Polly's trying out
some carrots that's pretty good size
that's like the size of his little snack
things you know so we're trying to
attempt
the finger food there nice and cooked
and smooshy I actually had tested them
that big gummy smile he's giving using
yeah at each other here like always I
cannot mess it's come on you can do it
like this what do you think yeah I think
you like the end if you like good I
think you'd like this good job Dave so I
just cooked all this green beans and now
I am puree it and actually my parents
just got a Vitamix so this has been a
lot of fun to make his food in because
it's really easy ready
that looks pretty much pureed boo hmm
looks so yummy huh there you go
green beans pureed and bah so I still
haven't made my butternut squash I think
I'm gonna do that tomorrow I'm just kind
of done here's the parsnip which are
officially the grossest thing I've ever
made right smelly's this smell what it
sounds weird right yeah here's the green
beans and the carrots are bite-sized
baby come on dinner for me I don't know
she's having so much fun walking around
in this thing it's the cutest thing
erver come on come on come on come on
there you go there you go there you go
there we go there we go there we go
there we go there we go so cute so fast
then stops right the grass yeah well it
doesn't can't go any further
yeah oh he's like I would like to go we
just ate dinner outside cuz it's so nice
out here we even brought all these
highchair out here and he ate his
carrots and green beans
he did half the green beans
and if you care it was good yeah that's
so nice out here
I just like this is my favorite time
even like in the summer time though like
around this time it gets nice and cool
out in stir so yeah
are we getting around here every night
pretty nice
are you ready for word all last summer
we had well not all a summer but most of
the summer we had dinner out here every
night and now he gets to have dinner out
here yeah baking up oh he's got the eye
rod that's what we wait for his parents
we just wait for the I rub as soon as I
happen it's done it's time man
yeah you got carrots on your face Oh
Queen hey if you guys didn't see
yesterday's vlog remember you can sign
up for two weeks free of Hulu Plus I'll
have a link below in the description it
really helps us out if you guys sign up
and it's completely free you get to
watch Hulu Plus adds a lot of really
cool stuff for two weeks so go check it
out give this like a thumbs up and we
will see you tomorrow bye whoa hey we
actually had to go her down cuz she just
was in so much pain and she's just been
crying and she's just like wouldn't be
moving and she'd cry and Yelp and I just
heard joints and everything was just
stop eating - they swish - soft dog food
yeah she couldn't really eat it and it
was just really really bad eating the
past couple things unfortunately it's
been really rough for obviously the
whole family because she was a family
dog and
