hey baby get the boogies out it's got
some big ol builders in there oh really
oh yeah I think I got no I got a Burger
King I can't figure out if he's teething
or if it is like a little cold
oh yeah but you had allergies he's tired
Mama's gonna put him to bed and then Oh
excited I'm ready for my yeah oh they're
not a little tooth in there oh gosh this
is our son baby
that wolf he's gonna do amazing things
he and I are actually going on an
adventure
I have no idea what's going on but I'm
excited
yeah put this guy to bed and then we're
just gonna put the monitor near him and
take the monitor with us and just watch
him wherever we go No mmm love you good
see you Dan waiting for the whole
dinosaur to stop first ever like yeah
yeah I'm really excited to take Missy
out I'm kind of doing it as an early
Mother's Day thing Mother's Day weekend
is gonna be crazy anywhere I take her so
she's like the best moment for Tali so
today I'm just going to pamper her oh
man but last night I went to a poker
game
all the guys were smoking cigars and I
don't smile I've never smoked anything
in my life and I'm really not really
into it but I go cuz I'll explain I like
to hang out with everyone but um I was I
had my leather iphone case this is the
Apple one on my iPhone and now it reeks
of cigar smoke I don't know what to do
I've scrubbed it like three times and it
still smells so if you guys have any
tips on how to get it out cuz this is
like a $40 case cuz it's like leather
and I don't want one spend another 40
bucks on a case ridiculous kinda bummed
about that but I had a really awesome
night I'm just hanging out with my
friends and playing some poker
I lost off we go on this mysterious
adventure I'm really excited because
Brian can't really keep secrets from me
and yes actually is that a pretty thing
where I go I don't know anything and if
it wasn't for me just fishing around for
no reason I would have been completely
surprised because I really had no idea I
haven't seen anything yet he's really
not gonna keep you secrets I can find
out almost anything I've know you were
going but I did my hair all pretty so
I'm not sure if that was good idea I'm
wearing a dress I have no idea what kind
of clothes this will see me wearing I'm
wearing flip-flops I wanted to wear
heels but he told me that all your sexy
phone calls out of the way cuz we're not
gonna have service
oh yeah and we don't have a baby he is
at home sleeping and my mom is watching
him so that's a little bit weird too
because I don't know where we go babies
cannot go tell you guys I used my new me
the new me everyone's telling me is the
new me I thought it was a new I don't
even know
it's so much better this time I was able
to like actually curl the ends better
and I love it I just think that it makes
my hair looks so much like bouncier and
like I just I really like it oh my god
guys so I asked her I was like so what
made you decide to like do this like
what's the occasion is like Mother's Day
and I'm like that's what you have for
two weeks really like I really thought
it was this Sunday we were supposed to
go next Wednesday oh we're doing this
low early it's just cuz yeah thanks I
have to come up with something plenty of
money baby years I literally I have like
no time I've been like planning
frantically the pasco days freakin two
weeks away
Brian offered to just tell me and now I
think I know just because of like the
direction that we're going on the
freeway and because all I can't come
we're going it to Knott's Berry Farms
and then we're having dinner at the
pirate adventure no we're not
yeah we are yeah we're going to the Troy
we're going to Knott's Berry Farm yeah
oh god she's really disappointed right
now I'll end this super-fun days we can
go to Knott's Berry Farms and then go
eat the pirate adventure later on for
dinner
really I fielding is lying but I don't
know I mean that's super fun day I'm
just saying dinner the pineapples really
long time to be away from over though I
told you all day thing I'm ready
oh my god are you serious no okay I'm
like going to the day spa we're going
into summer I've actually really want to
go for a long time but I guess it√≠s
we're gonna go bathe in the mud and get
your massage
Sagi for bathing suits of yours just
like so far I don't know about for
meetings just so you have all your
things that guys in their hurry there's
like a ton of stacked rocks here you're
gonna go stack some rocks things are
about to get really trying cool guys you
excited it's a rock garden babe Zen
garden okay we're here to be Zen and
release all our toxins into the universe
I wanted to go here little Missy she
needs get a big hat look at that no try
on the bra mom that's the big one
oh man that is really completely shaded
like my whole body is shaded the big hat
it's kind of like messed up inside like
trippy place is amazing you guys there's
actually a turtle in there is its ah but
there's club mud he's got a massage
scheduled and then she's gonna get her
feet done and we're gonna go grab some
lunch I'm hungry
look at these nachos guys are these
insane or what it's like three layers of
chips and cheese chicken beans corn haha
yeah you got pizza dogs really good too
huh I'm so hungry so we're gonna dig in
the big ol mud baths you ready yeah
oh that looks so great you're doing it
yeah come on hey Brian's coverings open
but don't look really tan yeah you do
actually gotta put on my face look at
this huge all right man to mud crazy I
do it I gotta put this camera away in
order to do that yeah listen I want I
have to put it on my face okay okay I
guess this is like really good like a
really good moisture
yeah it does feel like really soft in
the water yeah oh it goes on something
yeah it's like I'm painting your body
look scarier than on my face yeah hey
hey yeah okay all right so we are all
muddy my face is like really stuff
and I'm going into here whoo
you look like a cave woman this is so
cool huh and we're going to dry off in
this sauna thing
it's cave yeah what a man is woman is
your face feel weird yeah yeah how you
feel good it is still smooth yeah it's
like all soft and feels nice refreshing
do anything but actually is really soft
that's awesome yeah is it not amazing
they even give you this mirror so you
can check your stuff out when you're all
muddy we got some pictures I love little
where's tickle a sarong sarong yeah we
got it this when we came it comes with a
little coconut clip your skin feel
really soft too though did you feel it
yeah totally mmm this place is so
beautiful you guys I'm just like blown
away I'm so happy that I decided to do
this I've always only come here yeah
it's like these huge pot like juiciest
palm tree behind this one
it's like massive you guys what are
those called when they have like the
palms all on the side like Goliath palms
or something
Missy's on her way to her massage and
then I'm probably just gonna chill by
the pool have a couple drinks and relax
I forgot my headphones so might actually
take a nap all right guys I just got a
full day of pampered I got my toes done
and I got a nice little massage and it
was really really nice I wish we had
more time but they actually closed yeah
everyone's gone
yeah little pretty hairy like by the
pool like they have these salt salt
pools that yeah skin so soft
oh yeah so it was a lot of fun I
definitely got when I come back again
it was a lot of fun so I definitely
would love to come back here again I'm
ready to go see my baby he's playing
with a box you guys all we could find
him karma cares about us more than all
he does hi hi oh yeah he seems angry
he's like oh you can pick me up whoo
I miss you did you miss me at all wow
yeah Oh anyone else have to deal with
this
it is Brian's job to take the trash out
and he lets it pile pile pile and I
don't say a word I don't say a word
what do you think about that Brian we're
exhausted it was a very very long day
just says I don't know being in the Sun
it just wears you out and when I got
home I was like oh my gosh but always
asleep
I'm so tired he's exhausted the Sun
totally weren't about to so we're gonna
get ready for bed I did want to let you
guys know that there is an update on the
donation that we made to the horse ranch
so if you're interested go check that
out it's in the links in the description
we're gonna go to bed so I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog thumbs up if you did
because we had a brains so amazing he is
so nice to me he totally surprised me he
wrote like you really can actually make
it happen and he really did and I was it
was such a fun day is something I've
always always wanted to do since I was a
little girl and I had a lot of fun
thumbs up the vlog and we'll see you
guys tomorrow buddy don't ruin it it was
I say kids not as I do
yeah I'm gonna try it out as you can
tell it's a reversed one oh it came in a
glob little try myself all right
what do you think I actually am quite
impressed with this little device I was
a little bit at first um you know
worried about how small the end is but I
feel like it makes just these really
really pretty curls
