oh my goodness I see a baby hi my little
munchkin
oh hi karma you gonna come up come here
oh hi this is our son baby
boys can do amazing things he just took
the best nap I know I always talked
about slimming schedule but as a mom I
feel like it's like my life but last
night I think was the best night I've
ever had since the day he came home from
the hospital actually since the day he
was born cuz even at the hospital went
to bed at 9:00 but he woke up at 2:30 I
nursed him put him back to sleep and
then he slept till 8:00 I kept waking up
throughout the night like is he still
like asleep oh my gosh we only woke up
one time last night sometimes I'm doing
like 4 to 5 weeks at wake up's
and this time it was one wake up and it
was a super easy one you are growing up
I kind of think that possibly he's just
growing out of the sleep regression like
I feel like he goes through a lot of
sleep regressions and like all of a
sudden he just changes and who knows
tomorrow might be a totally different
night when you get up hey Debbie hey
Doug that face well what do you think of
this mister no pants so I set up our
little Evan what to call it a gate we
set up her a little gate so that now he
has like more room it makes him less mad
because when we have it in a round
circle when he gets really mad really
easily and tries to climb over it so
that we can't get anywhere over there
and he can't get anywhere obviously he
always likes to go straight to the
bathroom or over there and so now he has
way more room which is kind of nice he
doesn't get mad and I can kind of more
hang out in here I can even sit on the
couch in which he likes that too he's
been picking up the books a lot more and
trying to like look at panda rhinoceros
it's like okay I want it elephant oh
that's a tiger I love this book is so
cute because it's like wooden stuff I've
been looking at books more all right you
guys I got my Sunday school charlie hair
going on
so does ollie kind of actually who
swooped his hair over look you buddy
we're kind of matching kind of matching
my hair is very big today I don't know
why but whatevs gonna get some work done
we're gonna have some fun look at this
the great colorful wall of the bedroom
getting it my morning stretches in
pretty much
Oh barring I doubt things boring adult
things missus doing the dishes is
supposed to do them all yesterday hired
we've had a very busy morning we work
essentially right through lunch so we
are getting someone to go in I got
cooking myself a teriyaki bowl it's all
good
what you're asking for that's oh my
goodness this is very happy I'm always
so afraid to like peel back the film
because I know a bunch of hot steam it's
gonna come pouring onto me and burn my
hands hey let me check Oh hmm okay
definitely can't do it this lunchtime I
got my chicken teriyaki bowl and I'm
loving these little apples I picked
these up from Target
yeah I'm targeting a little it comes
with a little bit of apples and a little
thing of caramel sauce and I love fresh
cold apples look at you all fancy eatin
grapes
fancy graves sorry man I just couldn't
go out there to check on my plants
that's it
he's like waiting for me to walk out the
door so he can grab his balls it's super
windy today still no no nothing in here
just all kinds of debris but no snails
which sucks I really wanted to catch
nails in my beer Trappe this coffee
grinds all in here um that way mate I
guess that's another possible way to
keep the nails out because they
definitely just went right over the
eggshells and they also are going over
our salt which I just think is
ridiculous
how can you crawl over salt if you're a
snail planning a few plants right here
with suppose this is ooh Keaney and this
one is squash I don't know if I was
supposed to do that it sounds way too
many plants in one area but oh look at
this I think that these are budding oh
yeah I think maybe they are kind of
working spam Wow you know what it was
really windy out here and this branch
thought oh my god is the craziest thing
Hey look Bryan
here with one antler you're good what
you go out yeah you need the other one
deer with one really big e alerted oh
dear oh dear oh dear the puns any puns
let me know in the comments big though I
get majorly snapped off yeah did you
hear the wind though earlier yeah it was
nuts crazy I didn't think anything was
gonna happen from it ah you're ruining
my moment I don't know why the song
second night yeah yeah oh my god I'm so
as I thought that is like so my Noom
came today I think if I say it it's so
funny because I was talking the other
day how I really needed a wand and Ellie
from Jordan LA she texts me she's like
heard you're just looking for a one I
just got the noon and you should check
it out d told me to go watch this video
of Elle Fowler and how she did these
really cool like bohemian curls and I
was like although it's really cool crazy
thing is and this might just be like a
total like scammer joke or something the
website claims that these things are
like a hundred and seventy dollars okay
but with else hours like coupon code it
came out to $27 so I was like whoa I
wonder if it's any good
no that's how she got me yeah all right
140 bucks top okay we can do that she's
your Mother's Day president oh is it so
time again I thought if I told you the
best one ever
don't ruin it was I say kids not as I do
yeah I'm gonna try it out as you can
tell it's a reverse ones oh it came with
a glove I don't burn myself all right
what do you think I actually am quite
impressed with this little device I was
a little bit at first um you know
worried about how small the end is but I
feel like it makes just these really
really pretty curls and I was able to do
it really easily now this was my first
time using a wand so I'm definitely a
beginner and it takes some practice
using the glove for a beginner I feel
like I did pretty good
the only thing is that I can tell like
these ends I can't seem to get like as
pearled over there kind of like
straighter I guess
it's gonna take me some practice but all
in all I feel like it just gives my hair
like a little bit more volume makes it
look really pretty and I like curls like
these I don't really like wild curls
like I have these curls feel like
controlled and so I actually like curls
like these this your first slide
experience buddy look at this like rocks
this car cool it's uh playground is
actually designed for children 2 to 12
so none of us should be here none of us
should be here right now buddy yeah I've
gone down a slide in a really long time
oh so staticky hey whoa hey this is a
relaxing spot kiddo Oliver he's like
grass he's like what is that he's
seriously piggy at it the cutest thing
ever it hey short dress yeah Billy
shorts
Mikey grass what do you guys think is
that rabbit poop or fertilizer there's
some right there too and pretty much
everyone and she says it's rabbit poop i
seeds flirt fertilizer no by the way in
case you guys are wondering we're
listening to Sam Smith man this guy's
got some really great music lately I've
been loving everything he's having new
album coming out next month - or just
chilling at the park so nice he escapes
Oliver he's really far off he's crawling
now hey don't touch the weed say no to
weed just say no to weed kid sitting
here he definitely loves exploring the
grass don't you buddy baby oh yeah
always makes him so happy I know you're
gonna keep crying her laugh
know what all you gotta do is throw your
baby in the air and then he'll be happy
mama might not be this happy okay you
guys I got ollie all bathed up come here
you little bug ash chase know how hard
it is to put pajamas on a baby here we
go
here no no don't roll over my pants no
it's that D costly monster over
okay all right I'm gonna put your pants
on now and it's really bad getting both
legs in at the same time ah okay me know
he hates this part sure where's Holly
there you are you're right there hey
come down hi yes I'd like you to help me
out here come on I got your answer wha
thank you was that so hot look at your
hands not even it well I'm not a blah
blah blah blah blah
you got a jelly arm blah blah blah blah
and that ladies and gentlemen is how you
but baby I'm jealous no oh my gosh look
at him he's just like oh wait I'm moving
around
Ryan is out with his friends playing
poker so I'm gonna go right for I'm
going to bed I filmed my 9-month all
about Ali today so go check it out and
oh it's been three months since I did my
last ones I hope you guys enjoyed the
vlog thumbs up if you did and we'll see
you guys tomorrow okay bye
I'll pour you your girl we should
probably get longer deep look at this
little cutie target ball and how are you
staying up there always all week eated
ro good job buddy
really cute thing everybody be digging
but seriously look at Missy height look
it he's just totally chillin that's so
funny you guys want to know the secret
