morning bring yellow tights baby what
are you doing
Missy is all ready for the mud run ready
to get mud everywhere everywhere Missy
all my hair your butt crack yeah yeah
this is happening is it cold
are you doing here change burger for me
this is our son baby
you do amazing things do you want to go
to he wants to go to baby oh baby where
wait what number are you 400 yeah you're
400 that's a good number babe good job
all right guys so we are now at the mud
run we have the first muddy people
coming in and this is whether you do
afterwards you go into this big foam
room they spray you down that's so cool
but they didn't have that the last month
run huh
all right guys this is before the mud
run all nice and sparkly clean look they
got a drone out here that's so cool
so if Missy wasn't chesty before she
definitely is now with the GoPro chesty
Wow I just saying it's a funny name it's
called a GoPro chesty and it's basically
strapped to her and she'll probably
record a little bit like it's upside
down I didn't know how to do it not
upside down so I'll probably just put
the footage but
like the last big hill so we've been
just watching people come through and
it's just like it's a you guys know
you're gonna get mud everywhere are you
ready for this all right hey guys did
you fire come on you guys don't want to
pull anything that's not very nice
Cassie you're supposed to be on a team
all these ladies are wearing prom
dresses and their team name is off like
a prom dress
don't leave me behind leaving me behind
I can tell oh my god that is so
cool-looking I got ollie to sleep
sleeping through the hole
I got to put time in your case
beforehand let me just tell you guys
last night me and Cassie and her friends
how to talk about how we were gonna do
two braids as you can see they came out
of the room with one break it's on
they're going down okay Jimmy
yeah Cassie got mine on like I got you
guys is braids because you betrayed me
on the braid
we got quite a ways to go though he said
I go under the tunnels over the mountain
be fun Brian's over there somewhere
you see I'm coming wading through some
water so shouldn't be too much longer
yeah they look messy you guys I don't
miss he doesn't really hold back at the
mud she likes the mud
come on Cassie come on ese you got this
baby
yay
I wonder what he's going to think seeing
you ollie you know this person
recognized you
wow you guys look let's get a group shot
sheesh you guys right now with everyone
and they're gonna spray them down with
foam and water I'm all cleaned up
so you're all not all money he loves you
again he did he was freaked out he had
no idea digging for some snacks working
on it but we are headed home I have dirt
in my ears in my nose actually was in my
eyes I had to like kick out dr. probably
and to pick out dirt from like the crook
in my eyes it was horrible it starts out
as mud and that turns into dirt yeah it
actually turns into like rocks like I
felt like a dirt rock in my I bet
anyways yeah I am so exhausted I am
going home I'm gonna feed all over the
world yeah I had so much fun it was
crazy I'm take the longest to get nap
ever
only sleep and don't cry justly
thank know the way to sleep he's a
little squirmy but he's sleeping too but
um anyway I'm gonna go ahead and end the
vlog because it's just been crazy busy
day and we're just gonna spend the rest
of the day and relax but I hope you guys
enjoyed it click thumbs up if you did
and as always we will show you tomorrow
oh yeah like this is this first boo-boo
it's okay baby
it's okay oh it's okay it's okay it's
okay
I know there you go
I wasn't really bleeding anyway mmm I'm
a big tough guy
you could eat ice cream right now and
give you all that
