good morning guys so all I would not nap
he was just fighting and fighting and
fighting it so finally I we walked out
of the room and he always gets so happy
as we walk out and Cassie was in her
room and he saw her I go you wanna see
aunty aunty and I kid you not you guys
he said like four times like four or
five times it can't just like did he
just and he was like I think so I was
like auntie UNC empty I don't know
big guys secretive um very nice of you
this is our sign dating
boy do amazing things
it was so crazy I'm like so excited cuz
he's really starting to babble a lot and
he's saying like this damp a button all
those names and so stinking cute guys
Oliver's wearing a speedo speedo baby
cool is that sabers yeah it's all
smaller and it and the Viper in it and
it's really light I feel like it's not
like heavy at all yeah been talking so
much there's your friend in their grip
on their phone and you got a boy oh oh
tennis KP bring little thingies on to
look at this
what are you doing buddy
that fins on it's a good job buddy you
want to grab an egg see if they'll grab
it grab it for his parents going oh all
he is sacked out did he go down easy
oh yeah we like played music really loud
in the car on the way here cuz he always
likes to sleep on the way and then he
does not nap good he is sleeping and
we're making lunch miss he's making some
grilled cheese I got some leftover
chicken gnocchi soup I love this stuff
left over I think it's even better left
over I see a monkey and he's waking up
did you see good ha ha and that always
turn that weight that all huh
so I'm so good you guys he slept for
hour and a half he's too good he's the
doggie oh mmm doesn't that look
delicious
you think so I think that looks
delicious always having some sweet
potatoes and I just heated it was like
frozen you started all right let's show
them how you like it
mmm mmm hey good job mom I you make good
lunches he actually does like my food I
finger like when I like make it rather
than the little pouches whenever I do
the pouches he's just not as excited
when he eats so I know maybe he can tell
a difference on the shore I feel like I
would be able to tell a difference but
he just seems so much happier when I
make the food yeah
yeah homemade food yeah it's like in his
eyes and then not in his eyes and his
eyes not it's annoying we miss he's
doing the mud run tomorrow it's her
second mud run and last year she had the
Go Pro but it was pretty hard to handle
so I'm thinking about getting something
like a wrist housing or like this is a
chesty so it goes on your chest what do
you think's more comfortable for you
having it on your wrist and then being
able to turn your wrist around and
record whatever you want anything I
would just be able to record like yeah
that's what it says it's just you flip
it up and record with it all right on
your wrist
oh I mean the only thing weird is when
I'm like gonna be climbing is it's on my
chest yeah it would like get scraped I'm
like it's durable I get this thing screw
it's called the chesty and it like
straps it to your chest
that's the chest I mean I like I think
that would be more comfortable I just
worry about it scraping you don't think
I'll scrape right no no might be fine
hey Dad what yeah I just want to say I
am so tired and I literally just I've
taken two naps today you guys because
you the reason you're tired because you
keep taking naps is that why are you
tired when you take naps let me know in
the comments you guys do you feel more
refreshed or more tired after you take a
nap I always feel more tired I don't
know why I think it depends how you take
a nap - and when ended up going with the
protesting trustees ohst you're going to
fit on your chesty yeah so I I think
that's going to be good because one I
last time I did the mud run I had it in
a fanny pack and basically the mud as
soon as I opened the fanny pack the mud
just like got into all the little
crevices of the zipper and I couldn't
zip it so then I couldn't put the GoPro
in it and then I was just holding the
GoPro the entire time it was just like
terrible don't think I'll ever like vlog
with it on my chest because I just seem
to go hard legal well how long do you
think the run is cuz I mean if it's less
than two hours we can just let it run
the entire time oh really then I can
just find the footage well I can do it
in less than two hours oh I'm just
kidding I have no idea oops oh that
seems like a really long time to do a 5k
are you ready to get your ass kicked
because knows what happened last year I
know I was sore for so long I was like
conked out for like the entire day
afterwards - I'm drinking a mocha
frappuccino normal a normal one not not
one with just chocolate
yeah it's coffee in it it has coffee in
it and it definitely I can taste a
coffee but it's very mild I kind of like
it
these are really good for a little
pick-me-up um mostly because it's mostly
sugar
so it's not a caffeine high it's a sugar
pretty much yeah we just ordered oli
this owl yeah cuz we were buying like
little stuffed animals that are like
perfect for his room he like is obsessed
with it he loves it you love it huh see
that's my LC oh hey burr and we've got
some flowers today oh you took off the
little thing anyways oh yeah so we got
these little flowers from Target and
they're so pretty I think these are
daisies no I don't know
those are roses oh this one doesn't come
with tulips let me see we got Easter
cards Oh crystal Dunn Jacqui and Jamie
Howard and Duke the - oh hi Carolyn
coolers are key
oh I love Easter cards hey you know what
also is awesome about Easter candy
Easter candies like fast
yep we need a name for the out guys
which we need the AL Brian something
wise Dumbledore no wha Dumbledore Oh be
the name for now leave a comment below
for the for a name for the AL we're
gonna name him K come here come here
look at that crawl see right one
subscriber away from 80 mm oh my gosh
that's that one I've never caught it on
this close I'm gonna refreshing on all
right go subscribe baby boy what
happened what happened your finger is it
this one yeah I don't see it
you're a bad mommy where is it oh there
mommy get your finger a little it's okay
I think there's more of me more than him
this probably does okay she's just
trimming is his nail and she got a
little can we hold them it happens to
the best of us mommy's gonna fix you up
okay this uh like the virus is called
anti septic tie septic with that
interesting for some parents here okay
we don't know how to work for sake it
hey he's totally chill though he's like
can you speak our game I have toys to
get to yeah weird okay let's just let's
just clean it off doesn't sting right
you understand like this is his first
boo-boo
it was my fault
Anna just put it in a put a bandaid on
yeah it's okay baby
it's okay Shh oh it's okay it's okay
it's okay
okay that doesn't look oh I know
there you go I wasn't really bleeding
anyway mmm I'm a big tough guy
you could eat ice cream right now and
give you all the ice cream in the world
okay cuz you did that so well look at
your boo-boo
so I'm with the girls we're all doing
the mud run together including my
brother
somewhere to pick up all of our packets
and so I'm driving which I rarely drive
and I'm kind of about it I'm not gonna
die earn just kidding but um Brian left
me with no gas nothing with 12 miles to
go so I have to make it there so I don't
really have time to stop to get gas
we're just gonna take that risk this is
Brian's well I don't get gas I'm not
supposed to be in charge of gas is
Brian's job doesn't excuse no no thank
you baby alert cranky baby alert hey you
want something when I'm on this how many
go she's still getting stuff for the mud
run but I gotta give this guy some
dinner cuz he is getting cranky like
it's ready for my bedtime I'll put a
couple there only one at a time okay
made all of them they're my little
slaves
she's teaching them all I actually told
Cassie to do it and Catholic I don't
know how is it just gonna teach him good
number Oh oh my gosh you did it on the
camera
bathtime we have moved on the bathtub I
seriously made food for him made food
for Missy and I fed him cleaned out the
dishwasher and now I'm giving up a bath
yeah I know where's your mama but anyway
I'm gonna go ahead and end today's vlog
I hope you guys liked it click thumbs up
if you did and go check out the awesome
Q&A I did on my channel I'll have it
linked below and I actually showed off
some baby photos some scary ones
and some surprising ones so go check it
out I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video
say bye ollie ollie Hey bye guys okay he
is covered in food so I gotta watch this
little guy so we will see you tomorrow
bye yeah see you do it
okay we're in the big pool I have chills
all no but it was just like you really
have to get used to it but I'm actually
not even that cold you are down here oh
yeah mmm mmm what do you think are you
gonna get in really
