previously on daily bumps a lot of you
guys know that I grew up without a dad
see and I have always been really
curious recently she's been wanting to
kind of look for him I've seen one
senior picture of him
so this is Troy Don he's known as the
locator and he's kind of like famous for
finding people on our various websites
and stuff from our TV shows we get
between a thousand to three thousand
emails a day with from people asking for
help looking for long-lost family
members but today you know I would say a
third of those were people asking me to
help you got a Skype call from Troy
again
he's been located gave me an address he
gave me a cell phone number let's see
what happened now I'm calling the oldest
brother of my dad hey yeah it's Brian
this changed my life is one of the
biggest things that happened to me in my
life I'm actually calling this is kind
of a weird call but um I don't know if
you knew and Nancy landing but she had a
son in 1990 had a chat it was nice he
was actually cool with arranging some
sort of meeting to like meet each other
for the first time you know these things
to my side right now that'll be awesome
we would we would love to have lunch
with you guys and get to do so this
weekend yeah I'm really nervous but I'm
really excited because it's gonna be
like a really cool time in my life and
something that I've thought about so
many times in my head like how it could
happen you know when I started this
whole journey looking for my dad I had
no idea where it was gonna lead me don't
really nervous I I really am we'll see
should be should be an interesting
weekend this is a Sunday me
my new amazing things good morning you
guys and for those of you who don't know
me my name is Bryan Lanning and I
actually daily vlog with my wife and my
son on this channel today is a really
big day for me because it's the day that
I'm going to meet my birth father for
the very first time I know I showed a
little bit of recap of sort of what's
been going on the past couple of weeks
or the past month or so but I want to
show you guys this Troy sent me his book
it's called family the good effort at
Troy Dunn was a guy who helped me really
locate my dad and without him we
probably won't be doing this but he left
this note in here for us it says Bryan
and Macey I don't send out a copy of my
book to everybody I meet but you are my
kind of people you are sharing your
family values and beautiful relationship
with others which I declare is your
personal ministry perhaps you will find
something within these pages that will
lift your relationship even higher stay
in touch god bless Troy Dunn and when I
read that I was just like first of all
it's like super nice because he's an
awesome guy him talking about us sharing
our family values and good morning you
guys and for those of you who don't know
me my name is Bryan Lanning and I
actually daily walk with my wife and my
son on this channel today is a really
big day for me because it's the day that
I'm going to meet my birth father for
the very first time and I know I showed
a little bit of recap of sort of what's
been going on the past couple of weeks
or the past month or so but I wanted to
show you guys this Troy sent me his book
it's called family the good effort at
Troy Dunn was a guy who helped me really
locate my dad and without him we
probably wouldn't be doing this but he
left this note in here for us he left
this note in here for us it says Bryan
and Macey I don't send out a copy of my
book to everybody I meet but you are my
kind of people you are sharing your
family values and beautiful relationship
with others which I declare is your
personal ministry perhaps you will find
something within these pages that will
lift your relationship even higher stay
in touch god bless Troy Dunn first of
all it's like super-nice been because
he's an awesome guy
him talking about us sharing our family
values and and the relationship we have
and our family talking to Missy I was
like even if I wasn't a vlogger this is
probably something that I would want to
remember I want someone to record that's
why we've chosen to actually film us
meeting for the first time we're just
going out for a nice lunch and I'm gonna
get to meet my birth father and his
family he has a wife and two kids I'm
doing this because you know even in this
the month that I've been searching I've
gotten so many messages and so many
people telling me you know like you've
inspired me like I want to look for my
dad that I've never met one look for my
mom that I've never met either sister
that I've never met I think that's just
so cool and that's why we do these
videos in the first place is to really
inspire people and give people hope and
to show people real life you know and
show what it's really like for us look
at this cute little boy that's me
hanging out my crib doin all he does and
says hey come get me keep em flying
I brought some old pictures of myself
growing up which is convenient cuz the
last Christmas that my mom stayed with
us she actually left a ton of pictures
so it worked out perfect I'm actually
gonna bring a bunch crawling around out
this one's funny because it's me my mom
and my mom's afro on a ferris wheel
my mom had a really big thing
it's interesting going through these
pictures now I was always raised by like
my mom and my sister it's not that they
did anything wrong or anything it's just
that I've never really had a dad you
know that someone to like teach me
things or like just know that I am half
of that person you know what I mean
cool bro what up Ali what are you doing
you only got one shoe on kid it looks
pretty dapper he's actually really cool
because they sound pretty tight so part
of it to get him off you're gonna meet
your grandpa buddy trampled that he
never knew he had
how you do it you too man a long time
coming right hello yeah I'm like hey
crazy Oliver this is my son yeah I
brought it from the baby photos and
he looks like all so this is my my new
sister Katie and Jennifer and she was
getting there you're getting your vlog
on right
Oh guys kind of runs in the family right
same agency liked so much happier when
I'm like all of you have a baby so I'm
like that's crazy that's crazy that's
like a surreal moment hold idiom for
Olly Olly had it
that was really cool like surreal almost
you know and I know I talked about how I
always had like a million ways that that
would go out in my head and it was just
so so much better I think in reality
than I ever could have imagined you know
yeah he's a really cool guy it's like in
the in the things we were telling us or
telling me in the conversations we had
and and I sort of got clarity on the
whole situation and I'm not gonna go
into like all the little details or
anything but I have a lot of respect for
him kind of an understanding where he
maybe didn't really know I think if he
had maybe known
100% things would have been different
but I believe that everything happens
for a reason you know and maybe if he
did know about me we would've been able
to form a relationship like this you
know because I found like a whole
another family a whole other side of me
honestly
it was way better than even I could have
expected I think that we got a lot of
clarity and a lot of questions answered
and I feel really good about I
definitely feel great that like we
possibly have like this whole family I
keep saying possibly but I guess we have
yeah whole new family
totally like welcoming and and they
won't try things with us and want us to
be a part of their lives and that's
really surprising you know I mean III
think that a lot of people who go into
situations like this come out a whole
lot worse or disappointed or anything
and I was prepared for that but just the
fact that it wasn't that is really
really cool
yeah it's so crazy and I gotta say that
like just like his wife who isn't really
in the situation cuz she came in after
Brian was born she's been so kind and so
like welcoming to I'm like I thought I
don't know if I was what if I had a girl
call me and say hey you have a child
what would you say I have no idea I'd be
like I guess I would maybe be like
interesting what if it was in between
our relationship Oh throwing all the
hardball questions on it I'm not sure I
think that it's how to do it I don't
know all family and we're all grown-ups
and we're all mature and
and that showed in today's meeting yeah
it really did and oli just met a couple
new aunts always they liked them
yeah they loved him I mean who can you
not love him and actually all we met his
grandpa too which was just really cute
too yeah I mean that's one thing like I
didn't just come out and say hey you're
my dad it's like I came I have a son too
you know that there's a lot more
involved I mean if you were hit with
that it's like I'm your son and this is
also your grandson yeah oh gosh it was
just such a such a surreal day so crazy
I just never could have imagined that
this is how it would go and it worked
out amazing so I'm so happy and I'm so
proud of Brian for just doing it because
I know that it took a lot of courage to
make that decision and just go okay I
want to know I want to figure it out and
he went for it and it was awesome so I'm
so I'm so happy
presenting Oliver the amazing baby
balancer be balanced on your feet like I
don't want you right now okay so do you
guys want to see something really weird
I did not see this this morning and I
washed my face this morning event okay I
get these every now and then okay tell
me if you did you guys see this i legit
have a hair growing out of my forehead I
have no idea how it happens and it's
like this long it's like just this thing
grow overnight do you guys get hairs on
your forehead please say you do it I'm
not weird but I'm gonna pull it they're
really easy to pull out your scope oh
you don't even feel a thing
oh it's not out I get it let me get let
me go get it oh it's like I can snap it
off it's really weird hey what are you
doing that's where your dirty diapers go
kid
you don't want to go in there trust me
come here hey maybe gets all four of
these like yeah so um I didn't want to
say I know there's probably just like
some confusion about the whole story
about my dad and whatnot I just want to
say like I totally have clarity and I
have no hard feelings but I can't really
give every single detail just because I
have to protect everyone involved you
know it's not just me it's my mom it's
him it's his wife and everyone and stuff
so we don't we're not gonna really talk
about what happened but just know I mean
that this was a happy
and it worked out and we're really
really excited no like hard feelings no
not at all like it is what it is if
decisions were made and that's what
happened yeah but anyway um why don't
you guys just give this vlog a-- thumbs
up for happy endings and if you guys
aren't subscribed to our family we do
videos every single day me and this
cutie with a booty and this cutie with a
cushy got a booty you gotta touch this
baby to GT so if you guys aren't
subscribed click that subscribe button
thank you guys so much for watching and
all the support and love that you guys
give me I just totally appreciate today
was a really really awesome day and I'm
happy that I got these two Q's following
me around with it yeah guys we'll see
them all by Oliver learn something new
hi hold him on the other hip some seas
ahead hi looking at waving he's waving
to you guys hi like crazy thing ever
