Missy what are you watching
Disney's frozen the kitten version what
then the parents diamond
do you wanna fill this food but you told
me our dog person are you a kitten
person now think I'm a kitten person
are you a kitten person or a dog person
click the screen and tell me which one
you are and be sure to subscribe to pet
collective I'll have a link below in the
description because they are awesome and
they put up really cute funny like cat
videos and dog videos right here on
YouTube go check them out
Oh
Pisan of those okay this is our Sunday
you annoy them to do amazing things
hey guys I'm gonna be honest it's not
even morning cuz I am dead from
yesterday I totally have a son hangover
you know what happens like when you
basically spend all day in the Sun and
then the next day you just feel so but
it's how I feel today and I did get a
little Sun and I did put on sunscreen so
I guess it just saying we're at Gus
number on my hands though it's weird but
I had a really really fun day you guys
didn't see yesterday's vlog go watch it
it's amazing we saw whales dolphins
seals a submarine frickin submarine that
thing was huge caught a ton of fish I
had a ton of fun take it easy today get
some work done cuz yesterday I was gone
all day so basically can't do anything
so now I got a make up for it mr. karma
chameleon how you been hey you made a
good boy ah ha all right let's go get
Ollie always awake good money
whoaa you slipped why looks like two
hours I'm so proud of you two hours I'm
pretty good you ready for the day ready
to go party party party party party
party
alright what time is it ollie it's time
for you idiots and lunch hi have you so
I know this is probably really lame but
um I'm really into this song by
will.i.am a dog feeling myself I don't
know it's just so catchy the lyrics are
really stupid but actually they made me
realize all rap music nowadays the whole
song is just about the rapper bragging
about like what they have like diamonds
on the neck selling millions
like thousand-dollar champagne and I'm
just like you guys just don't spend your
money very wisely that's what your
musics a backwards but I do love this
dog it's pretty catchy all I think said
this is the most funniest thing that
anyone could ever ever give are you
ready
we got a little snack on it ready you
want it yesterday he was like fun belly
giggling it to the point where he was
actually watery like his eyes were
watering he was laughing so hard he just
thought it was the most funniest thing
ever but I guess he's over it now he may
still things is a little funny ready ahh
you on it Billy all right looks like
we're gonna have some butternut squash
and applesauce how original huh here
ollie oh we should put your this on you
auntie's backstage pass hey Bailey he
literally just goes right into it huh
just go right into it no oh no you don't
don't spray your food on the people
start at the pool because we had to do
to open swims this week because he
missed last week and he's very sad about
missing swim class yeah it's actually
just as it was Good Friday I was
actually just asked I'm sad cuz he's
missed so class he doesn't care at all I
should probably just yeah a little mark
on you know what is it oh yeah it's not
a hickey no okay no he's fighting me
like I was wearing that sweater
yesterday and he kept fighting with the
sweater and then this way we get his
teeth and he's whole weddings like like
stabbing but also now he has a tooth on
the top yeah hope you guys really sorry
it just broke yeah it just came through
so now he's got like leverage pretty
much it's not the top two it's just
someone on the side but it's still
really freaky yeah
did you have a baby with like teeth I
know like whole set of teeth like he's
gonna be like a little human yeah he's
gonna be ready to eat meat you guys and
I swear he's gotten even better at going
under even gets ready one yeah the
sentence head low like that it's like he
knows now that's so great hey he's like
he literally ducks his head like he's
getting ready to go in that's so crazy
good know you just comes on he's like
yeah I did it well hey guys I'm farmer
Missy now because I'm going outside it
is so nice out it's almost 80 degrees is
pretty perfect weather I don't know if I
talked about this but I bought some corn
and I was just gonna go for it and plant
it in this thing but I was like you know
what maybe I should actually plant it
like in the ground so I've been kind of
digging up this area it's kind of nice
derp I'm gonna put some of my potting
soil in it as well and plant my corn
when die be cool if we grew corn love
putting all that here because he loves
to just play put some socks on him
because the other day I let him walk
around here without socks and we didn't
realize it but when he walks sometimes
he'll drag his other foot or maybe he
just drives it when I maybe move him he
had little tiny scratch Mars right on
the top of his toe so I was like
I guess that and I'm pretty sure it's
from him like just being on the concrete
without socks on so that kind of is a
bar but we got socks on now so he should
be happy okay so I just got a ton of
work done and I know I was telling you
guys how I was tired earlier but then we
went swimming and then I did all my work
and now even more tired and I could
probably actually take a nap right now I
probably won't good actually I feel like
they're good they're actually kind of
growing I feel like this isn't gone
bigger I think that they're doing they
seem to be thriving pretty well kind of
cool because well first of all these
plants don't need to be like watered all
the time but because of this little pipe
it just kind of fills up underneath it
and look at this cool little watering
can of my dad got its classic the
classic watering can it's so cute - oh
my gosh look at this karma what did you
do out here
you tore up a stuffed animal which one
went went down there's got to be more
other than just stuffing around here Oh
looks like he got into the stuffing of
this thing this has lasted a long time
hon dude guys a snail mail home in my
little cilantro area look how cute he is
you know little school man there is we
did not put him there either we did not
plant him there he found his way and he
seems to really have enjoyed it and he's
made it his little home you couldn't
live here guy you could live here
what do you think if you were a plant
with this does this look appetizing to
you with this video yeah so we just kind
of dug out a little bit of the dirt and
then we put all of our organic potting
soil in here it looks like something I'd
want to live in and if I was a plant
cute is that corn we were a little bit
confused because the way they came they
came like three together but like I feel
like they should be separated like you
know but we couldn't really separate it
because like the roots were so
intertwined for different plants
actually right here this one's three so
technically we have like seven corn
stalks and I feel like they shouldn't
all be together so
no hopefully we weren't supposed to like
break those apart hey Dad I just
informed me that we're actually pretty
sure that the snail not supposed to be
in here and that he could eat all our
food so I'm just gonna take him out all
right it's gross it's really gross karma
no I almost dropped him all right guys
Missy dragged me out of the house today
I twice she dragged me on the hospital
Ali's over here like let me sing you the
song of my people what what now what now
kid guy we're actually headed to target
now because apparently I bought the
wrong hangers yes you can do that people
you can buy the wrong hangers according
to my wife they were a dollar each I
bought four things in here so we have
Axman hangers I bought all the wrong
ones she's making me return here's the
thing I finally after years
Oh slowly got through that started
sifting out the bad ones getting new
ones and like slowly you understand how
crazy you sound right now
right there hangers she likes the ones
with the little divots on them yeah so
almost it all had to go up another euro
pillow holy that's got to stop he's
totally pooping yes you are don't shake
your head you're pooping yeah yeah yeah
you're gonna take up well we had to get
another euro pillow cuz they ass on a
king bed you have to three-year pills
and that's why it looks weird with our
two it seems to be obsessed with these
things
I hated it I threw it off the bed all
the time it's just ridiculous why do you
need a pillow this big I still like it I
feel like it like helps um just like
fluff the pillows up your sleep with it
isn't annoyed like I want to pull the
pillow toward me but I can't cuts
connected to you no I really like it
so annoying I cannot do the body pillow
oh I gotta put it back in here we're
entering toy it's a coin popcorn yeah no
just a major major pet peeve of mine
you guys you see that you see that yeah
someone put a flyer under my windshield
so annoyed and then I locks around when
I Drive and walk around it's like I'm
forcing you to exercise I just couldn't
hold myself back he was so cute when he
was looking at this thing so I got it
Coons and freezes it's so cute when I
should use do it too
no comments not yours
yeah look yeah a lot be awesome we would
we would love to have lunch with you
guys and get to do so this weekend so I
just got the phone with my dad and we
set a date to meet we're gonna meet this
Saturday I'm probably just meet for
lunch and get to chat and talk his words
were it's a long time coming and I'm
sorry I took so long pretty cool pretty
cool stuff I'm really excited to
actually to get to meet him and chat
with them and then we're doing a
barbecue at the beginning of next month
which should be really cool so it's
crazy it's like all sort of coming
together at once
sorrow little wizard baby yeah he's
ready to are you ready
cast some spells on everyone say it's
ready go to bed
what's the nighttime spell really
putting you on the spot here probably
one I don't know it's mostly a potion
the draught of the Living Dead will make
someone sleep for a very long time no no
I am at alert back time yo I love you
you want oh
bedtime kisses what's up you want that's
what the witness how we do want you got
your headphones you got your phone
awesome PLL go up some PLL why you bf
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog to go ahead and end it here if you
liked it click that like button and if
you guys didn't see the video that
Maisie did on her channel she did a
favorites video and she talked about
something that she's been using recently
that's pretty interesting I think how
you ladies will think it's pretty
interesting so go check that out I'll
have a link below in the description
thank you guys for watching and yeah
lahee tomorrow bye good morning Olly hey
buddy he's doing in the tub yeah you
guys he actually slept in the tub last
night we put all his toys in there put a
blanket in there he slept really good
Phoebe Olly
you have to get Realty out in a second
huh frisbees huh morning this is our
Sunday
