in this California king bed man with
this cutie in this king bed ah
think I think for the bum a very nice
view
this is our son Bailey
new amazing things he's so cute
good morning guys we're gonna OD it for
you guys because it's been a crazy week
and it's Sunday right ah for just waking
up and our new bed we're watching frozen
come out the door it's like you've gone
away we used to be best buddies and now
we're not I wish you would tell me why
do you wanna build a snowman be snow me
look at his pajamas I totally fitting
whoa chill out bro we watched frozen
yesterday actually while they were
setting up this bed I had frozen
flipping the hole and then we had frozen
when our cousin came over and then we
watched frozen this morning and now we
have frozen yeah she basically our
cousin I guess she read this cool
article and so while we're watching it
she's like did you know this did you
know that and I'm like no I really like
I like watching it and like thinking
about all the little things that they
don't tell you about frozen yeah like I
guess they brought in a real donkey with
a moose a moose to like learn the
characteristics of it so they could like
replicate it for the movie yeah hey they
gotta work in this movie and it it
worked out and only sometimes watches it
for like maybe a minute on hand he had
really cool songs I love frozen I know
the songs mm yeah so last night was our
first night in our new Calot fun king
bed why you keep laughing at the door
it's a real song I'm just a freak in bed
this is the California king bed
yeah funny I didn't know that and I
thought its California dreamin well
that's another song called California
dreamin oh wait what two different song
that's an old song in California king
bed is by Rihanna oh I'm so confused now
okay so last night I slept pretty much
amazing I think it's the best thing I've
ever had ever in the history of ever and
there's just it's like this mattress is
just so much better like we've been
sleeping on like a ply board basically
whether old mattress and so now that we
have a real mattress it's like oh my
gosh what have we been missing right
it's crazy the difference between a bed
that we got on Craigslist yeah it's
really nice it's amazing you like the
dose because a little bit very nice are
you going crazy these rapes we decided
to do our one take right as nap time is
so this is what you get what's happening
oh my gosh she just bit my mouth I bet
if this was an edited version you can
slow that down and literally watch it
happen it was disgusting I was tasting
his spit right now oh god babe I've
never had that happen even when he was a
baby he'd never like spit up in my mouth
oh my god it was like a warm but it's
salty oh no it's not actually
Oh get out
Thank You CK Oh gross oh you know what
yesterday while we were looking for
stuff for our new bed he was playing
peek-a-boo thank you do it again goofy
peekaboo
where's I peekaboo huh where's I
peekaboo where'd re hey put somebody I
don't like to see right now I'm ready
for bed hey Fred hey buddy do you want
to know and I had for breakfast
yes why are you blowing in my face what
is that stop it okay it's pretty
prominent you got a peanut butter and
jelly for breakfast there's nothing else
stinky oh goodness hey kiddo I mistake
you
it worked I'm the master No keep doing
that don't ever stop
so Missy how'd you sleep I slept as good
as a mom can by getting up every three
every hour to go check on ollie a pretty
hour you got out of his bed okay but I
don't even she loves to exaggerate and
makes me feel horrible three times last
night
she put him back to bed it's my sign II
couldn't bear to get up again out of my
bed so I just brought him in the bed
with me and I was like done
we slept good all right it'll be totally
strange why am I so ready for this
change cuz for the first time in forever
there'll be magic
they'll be lies oh goodness he is cranky
okay you guys you know it's been such a
crazy week yeah family members oh my god
men okay so Missy said something really
interesting the other day actually she
was saying how we when we were looking
for my dad we were expecting to find my
dad but we actually found like this huge
family so it was so good actually like
getting to talk to my new sister and
like hearing about all our family
yesterday we actually found a relative
of mine that my uncle told me about and
I guess he's like the most decorated war
hero in American history and he is like
he was it was like he was it was like in
1948 or something he's like a sixth
cousin yeah he's like I think he's like
my sixth cousin I don't know but he is
in our like line of lineage like that's
just insane when he was talking to his
sister she actually has a baby or
child and he goes um come meet your
uncle Brian yeah I was like Brian you're
an uncle congratulation yeah and then I
was like I have an aunt yeah so it was a
very I know it's very weird and just I'm
excited to see what happens you know um
and I honestly never thought that this
would be happening already too it's just
I think I think if I wasn't doing this
on YouTube obviously people not as many
people would know and maybe I would have
never even found him initially because
Troy done like that was thanks to you
guys in like the amount of messages that
you sent him and and stuff like that and
so that that probably would have never
happened if we weren't doing this you
know what I mean
so I'm just really excited that we
actually got that opportunity to find
him so crazy so thank you guys because I
mean this has changed my life this is
one of the biggest things that's ever
happened to me in my life and apart from
this chick and this little kid yeah it's
pretty exciting I mean I'm really
excited sure I don't know just the
future and what could happen yeah oh
wait look at there's tingled oh the
girlfriend tingle oh really
yeah that's where it is they all mix the
Disney characters some funny
oh don't feel conceal don't feel don't
let them know all right
naptime yeah is so naptime is the first
time in today it's time for your nap
time things like yeah it is I'm done all
right you guys oh what the heck was that
you broke my camera you broke my camera
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed today's
OT click thumbs up if you did that
subscribe to our channel cuz we put out
new videos every day sheesh my lenses
all clinking out machine
you broke it look at this I move it in
the lens moves is probably making a ton
of noise I need a new camera okay she's
gonna go buy me a new camera
are you buying me a new camera go buy me
a new camera okay thank you she's gonna
go she's she's gonna be back with a new
camera I just knew it I just know it
anyway yeah we're gonna go thank you
guys for everything you do for us you're
amazing and we love you and we will see
you tomorrow bye Wow Wow Wow yeah she is
