hey did you see good he's actually been
in here for I don't even know how long
because I just turned on the monitor to
see like if he was still asleep and he's
just like hanging out on his in his crib
but usually honestly what that means if
he is awake it is crib but not saying
thing it still seems tired usually means
he pooped so I came in here sure enough
he pooped he's gonna do amazing things I
can't sleep in a poopy you sleep in poop
it's not fun good morning you guys today
I have been an editing demon and I've
just been getting so much work done it's
Monday so like our work week begins and
we have like things to film and edit and
do an emails to send in all that jazz so
that's what I've been working on this
morning but I'm noticing that my hair is
getting long if you guys noticed some
people notice that I've sort of been
styling it differently like I've sort of
been putting it like it back more and I
like that style I think I think it fits
me a lot of people have been
complimenting me and I haven't even in
the settings you found it so thank you
and so I think I'm gonna get a haircut
today and shave all this off and keep
this nice and long mark get set go oh
hey Holly what are you doing
you're not even walking you're running
uh that's just weird
come here you taking the siphon yeah
come here where you going when I was
younger actually my hair would be so
like fluffy I basically had like a white
man fro that's really really funny so
this is what I'm rocking now this is our
way of teaching you not to put
everything in your mouth he's got a
little lemon slices what are you gonna
do with that
oh nice he literally sticks everything
his mouth so this is kind of art why did
he to not to but it's also just a fun
level game let's see what he thinks of
the lemon he's not dropping them what do
you think of that
I think is like um nothing hmm do you
think of that hmm he likes it what do
you think of it the gross judge def beer
off to open swim he hasn't swam in a
like a while ha it's been almost like a
week and a half or two weeks oh like
running late and I really wanted him to
eat some lunch and so he is now going to
eat a little bit in the car hopefully I
don't build up hey go
he has ah okay first of all it's hard to
feed a baby in a car and something that
was hard to vlog and feed a baby in the
cars
that's silly huh do any more then one
more mom I'm hungry he's having some
peach applesauce and parsnips and he
seems to enjoy it so that's good
how's the water nice and warm not cold
like those other places we've been
taking him
he's really missed the water he sees a
swim instructor with Kylie up there too
okay hey I know you
yeah I know her one can use some float
in to float on huh I don't even think I
can float that good honestly I'm a
crappy floater he's really good he's
like Casey yeah
recording we have battery okay ready
camera go is a good job buddy
look who we got we got a little croc now
all right you got a swim to it okay all
right we got Olly in some fins now he's
room fin beeping so cool it basically
just encourages him to like kick more
right and kick right like when he kicks
it they'll float to the top so sometimes
he'd bicycle kicks cuz he like kicks
with his feet like underneath it yeah
yeah this will keep his feet from going
underneath them and it'll kick in a kick
better get it you kick Oh see look at
those kicks
cute kids just make swimming okay so me
and Brian are gonna go run some errands
and we're kind of excited we actually
just left Oliver with the babysitter
drop them off yeah it was kind of nice
though because I was able to just put
them straight to a nap he's super diaper
tight hyper hyper oh I'm really saying
hoping he's gonna sleep for quite a
while while we go do stuff it's kind of
cool like not having a baby is so weird
like not having that like responsibility
it is 24/7 with that
turning mean and like not even having to
like put him in the car seat or
something it's kind of like weird
babysitters Cassie and we left her with
a kid so she wants to watch the vlog
oldest nakute just woke up huh I were
just woke up from his nap I'm
babysitting well that sucks
I'm babysitting him for a while I'm a
senior Brian her out at the mall Brian's
got a haircut
and he just woke the PC hi see good
morning okay he's not in a mood got a
wet but I got a wet but I got a wet but
cuz it sat in my wet seat yeah glad my
swimsuits on when the drove home some
stuck to the but I'm just lucky I can't
talk hey hi guys
hey hey follow my auntie on Instagram
and Twitter I'd be really cool links in
description below a few months ago I was
talking about star
a little garden over in our side yard
and it definitely just wasn't good dirt
it was kind of it was just hard and
stuff actually just bought one of these
things and my dad's helping and well
it's actually kind of more his garden
now he is doing this cool little garden
set and it's kind of neat because it's
on rollers up high so obviously no dogs
will pee on it and stuff and then it's
got this cool little pipe and it fills
the water up and you don't want to try
and keep stuff as organic as possible
it's kind of cool because this is all
organic it has all everything it needs
to grow your plants okay it's me and we
got the plants we got all kinds and we
actually yeah we're not playing this
drum from see we're getting little
starter plants but I think that's kind
of cool too Dom or oregano sage rosemary
parsley my favorite cilantro really cool
is all I was eating your Tomatoes dad
yeah cool got a shower did my hair what
do you think other haircut let me know
in the comments I did it really really
high on the sides and super super short
I didn't ever cut the top a stalks I
wanted to actually grow the top a little
just been trying to do something a
little bit different with it and I like
it got some herbs going here you want to
say what's going on yeah so we planted
all the plants now and I actually just
ran down to the store and I got a cherry
tomato because I really wanted a tomato
one for ollie not only is the soil
organic but the plants are also um
certified organic so they've also been
planted properly so that they weren't
like in those chemicals that are just
really bad like you don't realize it but
they like make fertilizer out of some
nasty stuff yeah I love it I'm so
excited I want like a big garden yeah
big garden she wants a big garden right
next to her horse ranch next to her
parents house with a pool that's all
perfect
I didn't get it
were you guys doing no you just want a
picture of your new - oh it's so
beautiful
over gots a new tooth you guys one
actually broke off on the side on the
top got three teeth now babe well it's
gonna get more choppy when each chomp is
gonna be yeah yeah Culver's asleep and
I'm going deep-sea fishing tomorrow not
cool and I'm gonna go do girl stuff are
you really what you gonna do I am gonna
go get my hair done I'm going shopping
and I'm gonna get eyebrows done and your
nails done and your bellybutton done and
your thighs done and your nose done I
don't know others things those things do
I need to fix no at all
anyway yeah I'm going fishing tomorrow
so that should be cool vlog maybe ow I'm
going to be throwing up the entire time
cuz I guess he's a Grammy thank you guys
for watching get the vlogger thumbs up
and we will see you tomorrow bye I hurt
by flirting you're flirting with the
camera whoo
ah
cookie
this is my new shirt
