good morning happy Easter he has risen
huh yeah it's like two weeks because you
just rode in Jesus rose
big guy thing for the bum very nice of
you
this is our sign daily
you're going to do amazing things did
you have a good nap you look really
happy
you want to come up you say Happy Easter
it's Easter may I get y'all cute yeah I
actually didn't buy him like a full-on
vest tie or anything I just want them to
be comfortable he'll be kind of he'll
probably just be wearing something cute
but not necessarily like the full-on tie
and bowtie and vest and all that maybe
next year you looking at your clothes
we should we put you in baby's first
Easter look at this kids getting all
dressed up me to put these shoes on so
you can pull them off yeah again no no
Missy you know what other famous man
wore sandals
Jesus Jesus and oh we get all ready for
Easter and I got this shirt yesterday
from Target and I really want to wear it
but I'm not one to like button all the
way up I don't normally do that um but
this call are like flops around and
doesn't like stay put so I don't have
any starch because normally you start it
you know so it looks all nice so I'm
gonna wear like this but it throughout
the vlog you see this unbuttoned and the
collar flopped don't comment about it I
know it looks funny
just come on trying to do my thing and
we already got one shoe off so that's
how this day starting just another
friendly reminder that being a parent
isn't always glamorous got these little
presents just left all over the place
probably by the Easter Bunny
this was actually least this one isn't
too heavy okay it is Easter but it is
also actually my baby little cousin Bay
I don't know why's a baby well she was a
baby Bailey's birthday is actually today
as well and so I know I shouldn't mean
two years old she is two years old
that's crazy I just remember when she
was born two years ago and I went in
there and I held her like hours after
she was born and it was like the most
amazing feeling and I was like oh I
can't wait to have one of my own and now
I'm celebrating her to your birthday
party with my little baby we're going
over to the families and we're gonna
celebrate Easter and celebrate her
birthday be a lot of fun we got it first
so find a two year old a present boy
right but she's got like a million toys
and I don't know if I should get her a
toy or not I have a million one toys
yeah basically the one most things can
be fixed with extension cords what buddy
figuring out a gift look at this Captain
Caveman only I'm not the classic that is
weird
only on the things they come up with
nowadays you hula hoop whoa it like
lights up out there you go it's hard
feel like I was really good at it when I
was a kid and now I'm like uh-uh
this is gonna do it in here Easter best
there you go oh oh fail then Easter
basket for ollie
it looks like Aunt Linda got Ollie some
Easter stuff then look it's big enough
women love these toys huh oh he's like
um is it cool thank you egg coloring
going on did you write anything on that
one CJ don't smell like a monster mine
no more spill I see that yellow yes
that's gonna take a while okay really
nice out here which is out here doing a
Alex cool cast I'm just happy Easter
Thanks
wow you're like a pro egg color
improving have you done this before
oh look at there's even a heart a
terrible heart
Holly what you got there lollipop you
got yourself an egg what is that
booyah I painted this egg the
old-fashioned way with paint he's
working on wait you got a day how'd you
do that that's not fair
yeah it looks really cool though Missy's
got egg painting skills these are all
their eggs look cool yeah
what's your mommy make you hey is Ali's
first isse baby what are you gonna do
this is Jessica's other Easter project
good daily down and flat for Easter go
go go go go go go there we go oh oh now
I got turn around turn yeah
any idea man here little boy guys huh
speak it's stuck there you go into that
ham Cassie oh good that's amazing cool
right it is egg hunting time Ali's got
some eggs right here do you think he'll
hunt them yeah right in there oh the
monkey ones no you put in there holy
oh they're older Ali's oh come into
still always eggs Hollywood you got
there you want to put it in the basket
hey yo dr. Easter basket buddy
do you know who that is baby do you
wanna build a snowman huh
it's all out right we are back from
Missy's family's house and she's
watching Pretty Little Liars and Ali's
asleep which is nice because he
definitely needed a nap gonna use this
opportunity to chillax and play some
Call of Duty ghosts which I picked up
yesterday and it's actually a really
cool game I've never really been into
Call of Duty but I really like Call of
Duty ghosts I'm kind of afraid to play
multiplayer just cuz I suck at
first-person shooters I want to talk to
you guys cuz a lot of people have been
asking about an update with my dad
saying like I thought you're gonna keep
us updated and whatnot but nothing has
really happened I talked to him the one
time and you know he said he'd be in
touch about getting together and and
it's just he has a very busy job and he
travels a lot so it's hard for him to
like pick out a time that we can
actually all get together and go for
like half a day so I'm just waiting to
hear from him that I did get a text from
him this morning and he said Happy
Easter I'm gonna call you next week and
I just been thinking about you and I
thought that was really cool
balls rolling you know what I mean and
these things take time and so I just
hope you guys understand that and
respect that still very big leap and so
him and I are probably gonna try and
meet before the big barbecue but then
there's also going to be a big barbecue
at the end of the month where I'm gonna
actually get to me all my family Easter
festivities are continuing bubbling
that's what these ears off sorry they're
okay you're good are you good we're good
see you're good lunch like this silvery
sparkly egg there's like there's a stamp
on my egg and yeah these are egg lands
and they put a big red stamp on them to
let you know that they're a glance but
she's got a coming up you know it it
looks cool though it's all sparkly macro
sparkly egg action let's be cool yo
what's wrong with you guys eggs scrub
them for they have character they look
sick don't they it all looks good it's
so weird
yes you do wipe them down wasn't
anything so weird
because our cold there was 100 realize
no you're supposed to do them
hard-boiled we don't like hard all day
so I like hard-boiled eggs you like a
part like you would on a hard-boiled egg
no I do not just make it like a
challenge home and hard-boiled egg
challenge without me gnarly or what are
you doing let's go outside and do an
English horse contest
okay okay all right you guys we're gonna
do an egg toss competition we got a hole
in the wok and we're gonna put it in the
grass so we can't really go anywhere we
have teams lined up it's gonna be misty
and I versus Cassie Jimmy and Suzanne
Jim okay here we go
it seemed like
well
more steps Catholic whoa I got it
okay we're getting back pretty far well
Susanna and Jim are Alby
yeah
ah
okay so it broke on both kasi and Jamie
and machine I don't even mix II don't
even the draw we hit the rematch oh
these are wet still so they're gonna be
slippery things are getting pretty nasty
over here you guys would you guys get
better aged this time ready
much
what over you
big
and we're done hey good job babe
nothing like Easter without a little bit
of an egg toss am i right look at my
hands up yoke and that Easter Egg dye
stuff he's egging her hair and leave
misty is doing laundry do you see
earbuds in her ears yeah that's cause
she's watching Pretty Little Liars also
I didn't want to let you guys know that
there's a really fun new video over on
the baby League channel for all of our
show and you guys are going to want to
subscribe to them if you're not already
because actually our friends : and Katie
are gonna do a video on their channel
every Wednesday now and then our friends
Austin and Brittany do a video on their
channel every Fridays like it's like all
our friends coming together and make it
awesome stuff for you guys on baby
League so be sure that you're subscribed
to baby league I hope you had a
fantastic Easter thank you for watching
give this vlog a thumbs up we'll see you
tomorrow bye yeah much Hey Baby wanna
buy a boat hey pop n hop in the book and
the book it's cool
where are you gonna go in this boat
holy strawberry Batman he's a good baby
yeah we think are these pink ladies
