you guys check out this awesome
briefcase I got yeah look at this
durable handle really nice boxes got a
really cool does that what wait a minute
this is this isn't a this is in a
briefcase it's a it's a ps4
what baby Olly like raspberry oh you
have to get real here in a second huh
and frisbees huh this is our son baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things
yeah actually um this is the daiba
um I ended the vlog and Missy's put all
his sleep and she's like go ahead and go
to Game Stop and get your ps4 so I have
a few spore now you guys look at this so
freaking stuck I picked up infamous
second son and I also got knack because
this is a multiplayer game so missing I
can actually play together I got next
controller so we can play together so
look at this ps4 goodness you guys 500
gigabytes jet black Booya time opening
this baby oh my goodness oh this thing
is beautiful
om genus you guys look at this thing
this is beautiful I've never gotten like
a brand-new constable for it's always
been like a secondhand or like a use or
after it's been out for five years so
this is actually really really exciting
and kind of a first for me actually to I
don't know where I'm gonna put it
probably on this side huh it's so pretty
- it's like got this matte finish and
then like shiny finish and I'm totally
just geeking out over here this is
really cool I have the best wife ever
you guys oh I love her tomorrow good
morning everyone
guess what I am a happy mama because
Ollie slept until 9 o'clock
9:00 in the morning I got this I
actually woke up before him
it was like why is he not awake and I
win the room check darls i all right
when I went downstairs and hung out and
then he woke up and it was so crazy I
got a ton of extra sleep so you want to
do some game in I miss my white one well
they don't make him in white yet feel it
though isn't the new controller awesome
yeah it feels a lot cooler and it's a
got a touch pad here is a touch pad yeah
what would you do with that in some
games like you swipe to like open a door
or like you press it to like ya do stuff
you wanna play we're gonna play some ps4
I got knack but I actually downloaded
Rayman legends which one you want to
play Missy three hours to download
there's possibly oh actually though with
the ps4 you can play it while it's
updating did you know that and then it
will automatically install it and jump
you right back into your game it's
pretty amazing you guys like I'm
seriously had no idea like all the
little things that what about but just
on the controller it has a headphone
jack so I don't have to wear my huge
clunky headphones I can just throw my
phone headphones in and I can hear
everything from the game and Missy
doesn't have to hear on my game the
longest time last night I was like where
do you put the games in cuz like it's
very interesting it's actually little
thing right there then at ps4 eat it
essentially look at this sexy gamer
check you guys boy the controller has
the other controller has a speaker and
so when a certain thing happens in the
game like when the little Mac guy gets
bigger he absorbs like relics and stuff
you can hear it in the controller so
cool Missy's geeking out too huh I guess
this means a hashtag yes ps4
craziest thing you guys it's actually
kind of chilly outside
it's like chilly and I'm not going to
tell you the temperature because if I
tell you the temperature that everyone
in the comments is gonna be like that's
not chilly that's warm it's chilly for
us okay today we is usually the day that
we take all over swimming but because
it's Good Friday
oh happy Good Friday you guys because
it's Good Friday swim school is closed
today so he doesn't get to go swimming
and we wanted to try and make it to the
open swim so we could at least make up
for it but we failed we're fail
hey how are you you playing with your
fog
you just like grab the Fox down good you
looked like you said good you look happy
tree I'm really excited to show you guys
in nursery and I'm thinking you probably
have seen it in the video but I haven't
filmed it yet so I still it feels weird
to show it on the vlogs we've been
hiding it for a while now even though
I'm sure you guys have seen it so if you
haven't seen it go watch my video on my
channel I'm gonna film it in a few
minutes probably and then once I film it
I'll feel like okay yeah I can show it
to you guys but it's so good I love it
so much and you love it - ha ha what
karma doing are you doing kinda where's
Ari
there's Olly are you ready to get up me
munchkins yeah all right come on yeah
you a poopy I'm gonna go pick up some
lunch
missing I've been playing video games
since Oliver was asleep and I told you
guys she was gonna like the ps4 just as
much as I I am so I'm happy that she's
happy this is how we deliver things in
this house Missy needs a diaper and some
wipes here's a diaper get cash here's
some wipes catch these go oh it barely
had them are you okay is he okay works
pretty dang good
karmak drop your ball drop your ball I
want to shoot it I'm gonna shoot it
ready go get it this thing works kind of
broken look how nasty it is ah you want
to throw the ball for him you wanna you
wanna throw it it's like that grub that
is pretty gnarly right there
whoo whoo whoo chilly today huh it is I
told them it's chilly
like I ain't saying the temperature I
have pre goosebumps right now I have pre
goosebumps you guys spit everywhere Oh
shucks you have to have something in it
baby can't dry fire it is
I you're gonna mess yourself up
what my arm wait a minute then
what just happened here hey how is it
weird right fire yeah you fire it with
nothing in it it's not what it's called
dry fire like you don't dry fire a bow
oh it is that that vision of that um not
that mean that goes around it and it's
of a girl of the rifle and she's like
this make a tyrant have you heard of it
it has how to become a pirate and she's
shooting the gun like this or like I
just had that that's funny okay I come
here ollie you wanted me in your swing
I'm gonna be honest guys I've wasted my
entire day watching Pretty Little Liars
it's a perfect area and I think I've
watched like 32 33 episodes of Pretty
Little Liars now and that's song just
tonight I could day not today but I've
watched in total three about 33 episodes
of Pretty Little Liars
and that song never gets old I just love
Brett Gannon keep it with this one you
play your lock it in your pocket taking
this one to the grave you are upset just
I don't know
Blom way he likes it Missy's mom is
making this stuff quinoa is that he
pronounce it quinoa Oh healthiest grain
on the planet
whoa it also smells like peanut butter
is that normal it smells really nutty
nutty nutty nutty interesting Kiki I'm a
Kiki I can't control her I can't control
these are so cute this is my family this
is this is my family right here you guys
what is it in bean soup it's green beans
and apple sauce he actually ate it all
earlier but he doesn't get through the
movie where he doesn't even want to eat
that it's a great base your bottom oh
hey oh my goodness oh good job he is out
of the sea okay good yeah no yes the
school we're doing this you were feeding
him while he's standing up yeah ah it is
actually getting pretty toasty on the
second floor so what we do is around
this time it's really nice that nice
outside and there's a really good breeze
so we open up the windows on the far end
of the house and we open up all the
doors put fans in and then open this one
and then the air just goes all the way
through it's really really nice I would
heat it up some chicken gnocchi soup and
bread sticks and I made a sauce shabooey
and I've been working on this game
I'm infamous second son this thing is a
beast oh my gosh you guys the lighting
in this game is just insane and it's
based in downtown Seattle where we're
going to be visiting soon so it's kind
of cool to like get to see all the
sights and stuff
bathtime alright let's get in the bath
with your bath time alright no it is
bath time
we're putting in to bed hey I want to
tell you guys did you guys know that
there's gonna be a playlist live at the
end of the year November and it's
actually gonna be in the tri-state area
between New York Connecticut and New
Jersey so it's in Secaucus New Jersey
and I want you guys to know because
we're in talks to actually attend and
they haven't announced anything really
yet for it but you can buy tickets if
you go to the playlist live website if
you guys are in that area at all over
there on the East Coast let us know in
the comments if you'd be interested in
going and like seeing us or like doing
something with us because that might be
something that we're doing at the end of
the year so could be exciting yeah we
took a carrot whether we should go or
not is there anything to do there like
have fun like yeah it gets me November
so it's me freezing cold yeah probably
gonna have like we're gonna be thing
about in the hotel room mean pizza the
whole time yeah so I don't know if
there's something cool maybe that that'd
be cool too yeah so many like cool trips
coming up I'm really excited
we're planning like Idaho Seattle
possibly New Jersey was there another
one yeah Scotland no is that happening
this year we're gonna try and make
Scotland after this year I mean for
waiting oh yeah Kelsey Corbin's wedding
yeah we're so excited for them I should
be really cool anyway woah I almost just
fell in whoa
I'm wearing socks that would have been a
disaster sorry they ate it in my bath
guys enjoyed today's video get a thumbs
up if you did we're gonna go to bed we
get this guy's bad night place and ps4
nice place I'm PS Quatro uno dos tres
Quatro Quatro PS Quatro yeah put the
sexy gamer check did him do to me hey
Roger will see you later bye wants to be
in it
please do it you're on it makes you know
cleaning up is not so much easier it's
so much my first term wise I don't feel
like put anything down your can chew on
this hey you got a little got a lot care
done kid you know this little lip so
like if he smells a drink there you go
he likes the combo
