Brian what how does your mouth feel
little numb yeah I can't feel anything
ha ha ha ha I can't control my around it
really know
yes it's numb I'm no good at this I love
April Fool's April Fool's Day
think some of those okay this is our son
baby boy he's gonna do amazing things
fill his toothbrush brush with orange
gel and I think it's not enough
someone is awakened here who's that baby
oh he looks up the keys got like red
marks all over his face from sleeping
you have a good long nap buddy all right
all he saw I have something to tell you
and it's kind of a big deal but you were
adopted
that's right but I'm not your dad
Missy's not your mom you were abandoned
and we adopted you okay he might
actually be a wizard so least you have
that going for you hey bro Falls I
fathered you guys his face he was like
no no good morning guys so we are
getting ready for the day we got
something to do April Fool's Day and I
gotta tell you I'm actually I really
don't like you befooled eggs I'm so
gullible and I'm like clearly on guard
everywhere and so many tweets and so
many like YouTube videos have got me
today and I'm just so global look at
this guy
he found this this new toy huh did you
find the new toy yeah
what does that do it he also knows how
to pull off the cap thing so I have to
keep an eye on it make sure he doesn't
swallow it he's a crazy kid my height
get April Fool's Day for you too
you see April 14th are you Joe yeah best
friends with the kitty nice when did the
kitty hey April Fool's
I never be best friends with the cake
all right so we are finishing up filming
on next week's oh look who's blocking it
what's up but guess you can kind of tell
what it's about but you just look so
cute I just had to show you guys oh you
just got to get it all over you okay
okay he's like I don't like that oh okay
it's okay Holly look he's gonna love
this video when he's older okay yeah
we're all fresh and clean now he got a
middle of the day bath after that
extravaganza that went down that was fun
huh do you find you're all soft and hmm
mmm smelly good mmm mmm love it right
when he gets out of about he just smells
so good and I mean let's be honest he's
a baby so he doesn't really smell like
that all day no sometimes you smell like
poop
and spit up but that's okay cuz I love
you anyway kay mmm oh I got you at home
I got you in a leg on what are you gonna
do ah over here come here look at
you wear all your clothes you Nikki baby
come here come here give me yours
what the heck you're so good at this
thing he literally just like one day
started walking and now he he walks over
to us when he oh you got me you got me
huh yeah I just clean up that disastrous
mess I mean it was like literally
everywhere let me pick you up yeah it's
true yeah yeah oh there we go there we
go oh nice miles don't go meanwhile I
got fresh baby I'm making some butternut
squash I just cut up that big old
butternut squash and it's cooking and
what you think we should do you get your
dress you're naked baby hey you didn't
put any clothes on did you enjoy getting
a little messy it's to be wise you're
looking at light blue eyes huh all right
guys we're headed out and all of us
wearing these very funny pants and a
shirt and a very green shirt it's not
the best mommy moment but he just woke
up from a nap and we gotta go so that's
a big deal right what do you think he
looks I know school hey he looks funny
Idaho license plate Idaho no uta' ho ha
ha real original so we're out running
some
right now all these apparently a little
always thought about it but we just
picked up some packages and we got these
really cool coffee cups I'm trying to
break them from Natalie it says
well-being on focus okay so I got this
totally cool coffee cup this is mommy's
little man that has Ollie on it I never
really wanted talking about you daddy's
little man and we they both have Lisa
y'all wanna grab one yeah thank you we
love it so Thank You Natalie
Ollie Tara whoops just put the camera in
his face give him the camera give him
the helping me healthy
is he talking to you guys
he telling the malls got oh you love
there you go late hell okay you guys I
know the last thing we've logged was
actually in the car but we got home and
I got a Skype call from Troy again if
you guys don't know Troy Dunn is the
locator and he is just a guy who finds
people and right now I'm trying to found
my dad and he's been located so he has
he's in luck it was so weird when he
said that he's like so yeah he's been
located
it's your move I was like oh oh that I
was like very intense for me found him
he gave me an address he gave me a cell
phone number didn't get any like
personal information like for instance
job um you know criminal background
stuff like nothing like Jack the guy
that your mom uh described here is that
guy yeah this is that guy so now we have
to figure out our next then basically he
gave me a lot of really awesome help
like you need to say these things first
and we basically I mean I'm just so
afraid that I'm gonna scare him and he's
gonna hang on yeah you know me and we
don't want him to do that but at the
same time we still have other resources
if that happens because he has daughters
and I'm sure they you know they're my
age so get in there yeah but the first
initial call needs to be really smooth
and really tactful and really just on
the basis of we need medical information
I just had a son this is very important
for our family
and so yeah I mean I can't believe you
found him so fast because he's honestly
like one of those guys that's like kind
of probably living off the grid he's not
on Facebook he's okay no baby doesn't
mean I mean he's an older guy you know
but I mean I had a feeling it wasn't
gonna be hard we had so much information
on him but it's pretty not that yeah
can't you even knew the area of which he
probably lived I called my mom last
night she was still very hesitant and
kind of nervous about me doing this but
I think she's kind of warmed up to the
idea I just text her and and she said
she's happy that he found him so
basically my next thing is just when how
who might not be me and we'll see what
happens but right as of right now I know
where my dad lives and I have a cell
phone number and I've never seen him
before in my life so we'll see what
happens okay so we are in that Brian's
favorite place hello this place is very
nice to hang on tap right there it's got
like all kinds of open look at
it's like I don't know how they do it
like if you're blind that's what they
say so amazing
yeah and John got his tit where was
where was John and Chris Caden for
summer these guys there are 12 children
oh all he's all up in that corner oh he
was totally just giving her straights
ask you see that trying to steal our
food ha so funny oh oh I jammed my
finger into the laundry basket okay
we're putting this kid to bed he's a
mess we went way too late but I haven't
seen John in a long time so I wanna go
so say goodnight you're skipping bath
time your shirt too bad he didn't
visible oh I did biblical baby want to
let you kiss him okay all right you guys
we're gonna go ahead and end the vlog
but today was kind of a crazy day when
Troy Skyped me I didn't know what to
expect the first I almost like had a
glimpse of him being like so yeah I
couldn't find your dad and um I don't
know you know what I mean but the fact
that he actually found him and not only
that he found him but that he's close is
very like I don't know I don't know how
to feel about it right now
so it's interesting I felt a lot of
things earlier wasn't able I don't know
it's weird it's a weird thing for me I
told you guys going into this that this
is a weird thing for me but um I'm glad
I have this to look back on you know and
sort of re-examine how I feel about it
now
and get to see how I feel about it later
on in the future um I don't know but
tomorrow maybe I'll call him or Missy
will call him I don't know
I feel like I say I don't know a lot
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed today's
well click thumbs up because I had no
idea we're going to be finding my dad
today and we found him so that's crazy
yeah
ah man the Internet is a crazy amazing
thing so we'll see you guys tomorrow
boys and this is the card all I got for
uncle my gosh
crazy right you know how was talking
about finding my dad and sort of going
on this journey well you guys actually
contacted this dude and he emailed me
he's like hey how come you're blowing up
my fan page so this is Troy Don he's
known as the locator and he's kind of
like famous for
