good morning from our freakishly strong
baby who just ripped this piano off of
his jumper this goes here buddy he's
like but I like it better not there
hahaha
baby oli like raspberries oh you have to
get real cured in a second huh
and frisbees huh doc you wanted this is
our son baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things
where's Holly where's Allie yeah you
guys see this kid he is climbing on top
of it told me you are such a boy did you
know that
what are you doing ollie Oh what you
want to get in there so I can just put
you in there you don't have to climb up
there you're gonna fall you'd get a fall
that's silly boy huh oh he got it
why would you try to get he's using his
toy as a ladder dork what up you guys
I'm rockin that new v-neck swag the blog
went up a couple hours ago yesterday wow
I'm just I'm blown away by your guys's
comments and your messages and your
tweets it's just really really cool to
know and just hearing some of your guys
stories too about finding you know like
a lost family member or growing up
without a dad and stuff like that that
means a lot to me you guys because I you
people to relate to you know all my
friends grew up with their parents
Missi obviously has an awesome
relationship with both her parents and
they're still together so it's really
cool to have the Internet to relate to
you know what I mean
and that just that means so much so
thank you everyone for all the support
now I'm headed to go do taxes yay that
was sarcastic morning guys
I just put ollie down for his nap ended
up he makes such a mess in the morning
it goes crazy um but I love that he
plays with his toys which is nice but
you know what I was I think I figured
out you guys why I have been so
exhausted and it's honestly been because
I think I'm not getting like good sleep
when we got back from Florida I've been
waking up from hit with him like every 1
to 2 hours and I didn't realize it at
first I just maybe I just chalked up to
Oh bad night and then I started
realizing like wait a second I'm waking
up a lot and I don't think I'm ever
getting into like a REM sleep and so I
just keep waking up like right before I
go into it and then I spend like 1530
minutes trying to get him to go back to
bed he's not sleeping good obviously and
I'm not sleeping good and so I'm
exhausted it's tough but you know I
guess that's just how it is when your
mom you got to figure out what the
problem is and just keep working with it
keep adjusting yourself and your
schedule and everything to fit your
child hey Brian
oh hey zombie I forgot I put you back up
there what's up I heard you're looking
for your dad yeah you know I'm 24 years
old I've never met him I just figure you
know now's a really good time well I
have something to tell you
oh you do Brian I'm your father you know
I honestly expect me to believe that do
you
so always been taking a great nap and I
have been wasting this time watching
YouTube I always did it I have so much
stuff to do today I got like ton of
laundry and I got to make Molly a bunch
of food for the week and stuff like
wasting my time for a new an hours pass
probably be up so soon we got to do our
chores quickly before Ollie wakes up yep
there he is still asleep cute as can be
whoo yeah I got my taxes done and I'm
rewarding myself with some free birds
because I have
to be by it so I was like I'm not gonna
not go to Freiburg to get myself a
burrito
yay for having taxes done let's get a
little baby boy
hi are you having lunch and he's feeding
him the I think it's carrots and apples
and apple carrots and apples you look
like you're loving it you it all drawn
good job actually my brother's birthday
today he's turning 22 the big two - and
I am making two boxes of brownies
because today we are going to have some
homemade hot fudge brownie sundaes so
I've got a big old bowl of brownie mix I
gotta cook these up all he's out here
playing with auntie are you hanging out
come here he's been walking around the
cutest thing in the world
oh yeah steak burrito for the way oh so
much better hold it back anymore let it
go oh hi he walked right up to me
can you walk over to mommy
here I'll turn you around oh look at
that
oh he's like I think I'm so cute seeing
him move it's beating get somewhere huh
and that cool with a concept you stand
up on your feet and you move them and
you get place is so cool karma why are
you so serious
will your friend be so as you're crazy
where's your frisbee
is that it is that pieces of it is that
seriously your frisbee karma that's
ridiculous
oh no I'm sure this one is great Missy
I'm sure it flies beautifully as you
know from yesterday's vlog I'm looking
for my birth father and yesterday I did
a couple of cold calls just calling
people who sort of had a connection with
the name or anything like that and I
didn't get anywhere I kind of ran into
like a roadblock some of you actually
suggested ancestry.com and so I jumped
on there this morning and I think I got
some headway I actually have never used
ancestry.com and I didn't really expect
to find anything I logged in and I did
it and I put our I searched for my dad's
name that I know and I put in location
from that I was actually able to pull a
yearbook photo so I'll put that photo
right here on the screen and it's
interesting seeing that for the first
time because I have only seen a senior
photo of him that's all like I have no
idea what he looks like now but he was
totally rockin the long hair I don't
think he looks anything like me to be
honest when I compared that to the
senior photo I was like okay that's
definitely him okay so this is his
senior photo and then this is the photo
from two years before that in yearbook
photos honestly and this one he looks
British isn't it weird seeing that yeah
wait but he doesn't look anything like
me
yeah I mean my I am my mom when we said
my bottom lip was from my grandma she
wasn't pretty big bottom line I don't
know I don't know if I'd say that okay
guys I think we found even more
information out so it every time I talk
about it like I turn around and
something else happens I know crazy
so what's the like internet information
on the Internet actually able to find
another like report about him all of
these jobs for like aviation came up
like airlines and stuff like that
sounding he might be more like the like
he fixes stuff yeah I don't know but
it's so weird cuz I'm like I never I
don't know when you and I imagine my dad
you know you imagine a dad who leaves
his son like just some deadbeat like you
know what I mean it's possible it's
possible but it sounds like he might
actually have like his life together and
like actually have a career we've got
nowhere
we're definitely digging we're finding a
lot of very interested also it's giving
us more family members that we can
search on Facebook which no one's on
Facebook why
who is it on Facebook but definitely
more family members gives us just more
like areas to search and stuff all right
so we are attempting to call what we
think may be a phone number for his
brother I'm really nervous
all right so every single one of those
numbers were basically dead end no-go
I'm making always some food for the week
and I've got some apples that I picked
up at the farmers market which these are
organic which i think is pretty cool and
they're quite delicious and I actually
found some orange sweet potatoes because
normally they're yams if they're orange
for some reason in California we just
it's very rare for us to find a orange
sweet potato and so it's also confusing
and I've got um apples I'll be cooking
up and I also got a big ol butternut
squash and some avocados all right guys
as you know it's Jimmy's birthday and
Ollie has a little something to say what
do you have to say ollie happy birthday
uncle ah just kidding that's the boy
everyone's been wanting to know who the
voice is Jimmy yep it's Jimmy
uncle is the voice a lot of people
figured it out yeah a lot of people have
said that it's Jimmy some people say
it's Brian some people have had some
crazy guesses
I'm look who's vlogging yeah we don't
know you guys want to see the new look
who's vlogging him so I'll have a link
below and now you know who the voices
which I think actually kind of makes it
a little bit more fun that you know that
it's the uncle of Oliver the place of
voice and this is the card all I got for
uncle my gosh
crazy right you know how was talking
about finding my dad and sort of going
on this journey well you guys actually
contacted this dude and he emailed me is
like hey how come you're blowing up my
fan page so this is Troy Don he's known
as the locator and he's kind of like
famous for finding people good to see
you nice to meet you I get you know I
on our various websites and stuff from
our TV shows we get between a thousand
to three thousand emails a day with from
people asking for help looking for
long-lost family members
Wow but today you know I would say a
third of those were people asking me to
help you
Wow that's insane holy cow that gives me
goosebumps just thinking that that many
people I'm just like blown away just by
the support of actually starting this
and he's very adamant about me doing
this correctly and so we definitely want
to go about a smart so thank you guys
for contacting him because now we can
actually connect and and maybe get
somewhere you know what I mean yeah that
well that is that just were you just
putting pressure on me now yeah
somewhere hey baby boy what are you
doing Oh
haven't seen you update what you been
doing okay
stay right there you're at a very good
place anyway I cannot believe that I
know how have Troy done his nickname is
literally the locator who is sort of
gonna help me out on this the search I
mean this is a guy that dr. Phil brings
in to find people when they can't find
people or Oprah brings in to find people
it's just like crazy like now I'm first
I know for sure that they're gonna find
him and it comes down to the point it's
like do I actually want to find this guy
like do I want to know who he is and
what he's doing you know what I mean so
yeah well if we were messing around
before we got to be serious
yeah like you can like you can like
creep around and see if you can figure
it out but now he's gonna like find him
and do it the right way which is really
important he assured me to stop looking
we can't contact anyone we just have to
completely stop and just let him do it
because we don't want to possibly burn a
bridge that would help us so
there are families involved we don't
want to hurt a family crazy stuff
happening I never would have imagined
that if I started something like this
that this is where we'd be already so
crazy I just want to thank you guys for
all your support and all your nice words
and your stories and stuff it really
means a lot to us and yeah oversleep now
though so we're gonna go to bed I hope
you liked today's video click thumbs up
if you did and lead a happy comment
below oh I just made that song do you
think let's you guys to my bye beep
conversation here let go recently she's
been wanting to kind of look for him I
know I know nothing about this guy
except for his name I know what high
school he went to and I I know what year
he graduated because it's the same year
as my aunt and I've seen one senior
picture of him and that's all we don't
really have a whole lot to go off of and
I know a lot of family friends kind of
know like
