good morning people of the Internet
Ollie hi cutie
look at this he is trapped in a fortress
of pillows and Ottomans what you gonna
do what you gonna do what you gonna do
what you gonna do
he's like a getaway I'm going to get
away that's what baby Ollie like
raspberries oh you have to get real cute
in a second huh
and for these huh doc you wanted this is
our son baby
boy taking to do amazing things
what did you do Holly respect the
boundary broke through you crazy you
think I could karma your brother broke
through the boundary uh-huh
got that heavy
the detail look at him watching it busy
it's so cute we got VeggieTales on Hulu
Plus this is the Easter because Easter
is coming up and so I want to start
playing some Easter episodes we want to
celebrate Easter like the commercial way
that everyone does with Olli just
because that's fun but we also want him
to know what Easter is about and
obviously he's not really gonna
understand that now
it'll sort of give him a foundation for
when we do tell him huh yeah Hulu Plus
is really cool you guys I know I've
talked about it before because I've
actually had Hulu Plus ever since it was
available and they actually just reached
out to us and if you guys want to get
two weeks free of Hulu Plus and you can
sign up at Hulu Plus comm slash daily
bumps all of us like go do it so what's
cool about Hulu Plus is actually they
have a lot of shows where they have all
the seasons so like I watch community
and there's all the seasons season 1
through 5 and all the brand-new episodes
and there's a ton of cool shows that
Oliver can watch so he watches like
VeggieTales we put it on in the
background while he plays and missing I
watch modern family when they come out I
love the new show resurrection right now
oh yeah that one's cool it's like people
coming back from the dead and stuff oh
and also if you guys didn't know Hulu
Plus is actually a lot different from
hulu hulu plus makes it so that there's
a whole lot more TV shows a lot more
episodes you can watch and it also makes
it available on other devices so we
watch on our Apple TV but you can also
watch on like an iPad or an iPhone or a
Android device or like a game console
stuff like that so it makes it so you
can watch it more than just on a
computer there's a lot of really cool
stuff on Hulu Plus so if you're not
signed up for Hulu Plus get two weeks
free I'll have a link below in the
description go check it out it's
lunchtime Oliver don't shake your head
at mom yeah mommy mommy yeah he's like
yeah yeah I'm not eating it God kids
frustrating
chicken chicken chicken
what is with the head thing he's got
going on 180 like the worth eater right
now
aha oh man wreckfish - it is lunch time
and so I am making a sandwich we got
this really awesome bread what is this
it's like a grande ciabatta baguette and
so I'm gonna cut some bread for that I
got an avocado some bacon some of this
southwestern style turkey that I got
from Target it's so good and then too
much cheddar oh and my mom got me this
this stuff's really good Cajun style
mayonnaise mmm bread and voila there is
my finished sandwich and we actually
gave Ollie some avocado just so like he
can play with it and grab it and eat
himself oh yeah back out cookie this is
so gross yeah he does not like it oh
yeah you want to grab him try yourself
thankfully for breezes please I go this
one oh you hoping mama oh that is such
good help actually this was already
folded so you don't even have to touch
that Oh
what is the problem here you can fold
that fold those trying to fold clothes
here umm and coffee is helping flush in
a bad mood slash needs a nap laughs
making a mess but lots of long hair
trying to fold I've been doing really
good you guys keeping up on the laundry
and not letting it go completely crazy
but it means that I do a lot of laundry
almost every single day and it's
starting to get like kind of crazy like
my mom's like you know you do laundry
every single day I was like I know it's
like kind of stupid she's I asked her
how much she does laundry she says I do
a load like a week and she does like my
dad has like a load and but I mean I
feel like I do laundry like literally
every single day it's I don't understand
how it's possible alright so we got the
room somewhat clean oh hey hot chick ayo
a little break all he's waking up so I'm
gonna go get him
like when I'm a baby wake me yeah boy
alley-oop home kiddo
okay hey guy I'm not sure if you guys
know this because I tried to vlog it
very often but my closet is basically
the death of me
it's always so crowded it's always got
so much crap especially camera stuff
like this stuff is always like taking
this much space and it's just ridiculous
but today I went crazy and I was like I
literally woke up and I was like done
and I walked in the closet and I just
started like organizing all my shoes
which have always been just like a
disaster over here and I organized a ton
of stuff that was up here so I mean it's
still definitely not like perfect um but
it's getting there and all that that's
all my stuff I definitely need to UM
organize it and stuff but I have a nice
bag pile of goodwill stuff what is the
saying um one man's trash is another
man's treasure
well there you go treasure hey can you
Judy he's getting ready to go see the
Easter Bunny you may run into everybody
he never promised anything to his child
that's true he's he get used to that
even though he hasn't there stay nice
and there you may run into the Easter
Bunny so he's got to look nice and
dapper he's so good like you uh he
things usually is something like yes I
agree and I think ovation just made
Brian run to target because all he
hasn't really eaten much today other
than nursing and stuff I'm gonna be
making a whole bunch of new food
probably tomorrow but in the meantime I
thought I should grab some apples I know
he liked apples all it's in it is
organic apples
hmm that was our good huh
I think he's eating it you guys yeah so
you're like I only want apples kind of
guy right oh my gosh you guys oh my god
no excited about this okay stop it this
is a stuffed animal we purchased for
Olli
it's a box and it's so cute it's by
jelly cat London and it's you it's
actually like really great quality sit
like this here I like completely
obsessed with this thing now got an owl
I've got a caterpillar I've got a fox
I've got a monkey I've got all the
critters basically oh yeah I'm a raccoon
like it's seriously coming yes so
awesome we're headed to the mall to go
see the Easter Bunny what if he's afraid
of it it was possibility now that he's
older yeah he wasn't I see I think it
would actually be funnier if he was
afraid of these Easter bunnies kind of
freaky looking okay look it's a
bloodmobile funny story one time I gave
blood when I was in high school and yeah
he's missing talked me into it and I
passed out so scary
he got done he walked over and he sat
down and he literally started like
composing and like
like cable like yeah I don't know if I
can give blood confidently anymore
Missy wants to that I want I won't do
anything like that
look at the funny look at this cool
garden I'll set up in that cool we go
see the Easter Bunny
snowline that's nice huh never stand
over here for like an hour yeah
oh it's so cute
oh my goodness Holly she's breaking out
the toys to get him to smile
maybe smiling
it's so good look at that you guys look
at that smile
he's kind of out of it I'm surprised he
smiled as much as he did you saying dog
tom is not here no look at you in the
body though
never really checked out Old Navy's like
kid clothes but they have quite a bit we
were quite surprised this is right up
all over Sally yeah
is he big enough for that yet Oh three
maybe the word thing too about kids
sizings are all different for every
brand you know he's like right on with
the shirt sizes oh yeah he's small Oh
short he's gonna be shorty yeah we're
both short you can't tell from the blog
but we're both short whoa well I'm
taller than I'm the tallest in the
family he's like a giant in my and I'm
short compared to other people the new
outfit we got all yet old Navy
oh he's looking classy he got him a hat
and this really comfy polo shirt yeah he
looks good in polo this hat actually
fits them and he's leaving it on yeah we
can never find these that actually are
his size I was way too big got Oliver
some organic applesauce and I also saw
this other it's apple and peach sauce
looks pretty yummy I do like to make his
applesauce but I thought you know if
there's one thing that I could buy and
make my life a tiny bit easier it's
probably applesauce I really like the
ingredients and how they make it
hopefully that'll help him with eating
and I don't know what's going on right
now I think he's also just not really
feeling good lately maybe he's teething
at all I know it's been kind of a rough
day we had two chihuahuas and one of
them both of them around my mom's but
Nina our oldest dog is our family dog
we've had her for like 13 years he is
just she's been a part of our life for
like ever
I mean how old was I when I got very
young my sister's was really young when
we got her and so she's just been like a
really good family dog but today we
actually had to go put her down cuz she
just was in so much pain and she's just
been crying I mean she's just like
wouldn't be moving and she'd cry and
Yelp and just her joints and everything
was just she stopped eating
- they swish - soft dog food yeah we
couldn't really eat it and it was just
really really bad eating the past couple
of things unfortunately it's been really
rough for obviously the whole family cuz
she was a family dog and she was you
know one of those dogs that you got a
long time ago and they kind of you kind
of grow up with them and then all of a
sudden they're gone just be thinking
about my mom because she was
specifically my mom's but my sister my
whole family she's been kind of sad
losing an animal is it's kind of it's
really hard it's especially when you
know you just want them to like kind of
go peacefully and it never does it's
always just this painful portress until
the point where you have to make the
decision and no one wants to make that
decision you know and it's just so hard
and I can't okay I never think about
ever having to do that it's been a long
day huh alright hey guys poby his new
bike vlog thumbs up and we'll see you
guys tomorrow
ah hi hi guys hey game plan we're just
doing some plan which I'm twice you
riding your horsey I'm a little horsey I
was pretty poor here I'm a particularly
really good at now you don't have to
hold enough anyone's it has legs and
then when he hears the song it's so
funny
yay Hey
