good morning guys we're waiting for
Oliver to wake up he is a sleeping bug
today look at this sleep it away
big spike think for the bum very nice of
you
this is our son baby he's gonna do
amazing things we're actually headed to
his swim class I'm really excited
he actually missed last week's swim
class because we were in Florida and I
actually totally forgot to even call in
and say he was gonna be absent I was
like I am such a terrible mom I should
have called in to his it's like you know
if your kid was in school then you'd
have to call in and say they're absent
and I never did that and good morning
the Karma
have you been my little munchkin boy oh
come up here don't tell daddy don't tell
him okay where is your collar you've
been naked for weeks you walk around
naked naked you a nudist have you ever
wondered what it'd be like to be a
nudist I have I've always wanted to try
it out I don't know if I would actually
do it what is it like to be a nudist
karma he just woke up look at him
Olly Olly escaped a school day for
school
he's so unsure love you baby what do I
do
huh Tempest all time for school get up
get up it's time for school
oh he's stinky yeah he needs a diaper
change
I don't want are you saying we let you
skip class last week but not this week
mister not this week got some shorts we
is ready we is ready to go poopy nope
will be no poopy you just naturally
stink how about that we are off to swim
it's so much fun it's like a little
bonding experience and he has so much
fun I just I love all the lifeguards
there they're all just so awesome but
see what that campers only 24,000
I was only 79,000 we could like camping
in luxury I don't know if I could do
that I really don't like driving I'm not
like a road trip er I'd be just fine
with buying you know renting a little
hotel but then just drive in a car I
hate Rogers idea of camping is going to
a hotel
yeah I'm camping as long as we're in the
woods vicinity then it's camping when I
was a kid my we would all get in the
camper and we'd go and then I'd sleep in
a tent outside yak on the ground you
hated it right yeah I was miserable
it was horrible
all he has been making the biggest grunt
sounds and he's trying to poop right now
he's like trying so hard he's so cute
luckily he actually has um if I've shown
you guys this before he's got these swim
shorts that actually have a swim diaper
right into them so if he does poop in it
I mean that would suck but it's supposed
to keep it all in there you get it all
happy
please
Missy let me go it's important to that
this is like we're really repetitious so
it's important that we don't miss more
than one class in a row because it could
hinder him learning stops oh my gosh we
had such an awesome swim class it was
seriously awesome and actually there was
this little girl I don't know if you
walked her or anything but she was like
2 years old and it was so cool getting
to see her because she would like jump
in the pool she want her own yeah I
think that's amazing that she can walk
up to the side of the pool and jump in
on her own and then she wants to swim
underwater and she opens her eyes
underwater and she swims to her mom and
that's so cool that's like my dream for
Oliver is that when he's looked you know
2 years old that he can literally swim
obviously I'll be near him but he's not
gonna drown you know not be afraid of
the water yeah she's like she loves it
she loves swim class and she gets so
excited to swim underwater listen it's
just to keep my underwater so many times
and he never coughed when he came up he
always just came up and when I did put
him under he would sometimes push his
head under more just to like just like
that reflex
yeah I was like oh my god she's getting
so like good at this like he's just
starting to like know what to do for
your child safety please do not place
children on the furniture displace but I
want to see what he would look like that
sign is for us guys cook eat that is she
little baby picnic table with an
umbrella even let's not hey kiddo get
them clinging on to mommy like a monkey
alright so we just did a bit of shopping
at Target now we're eating lunch at
Target we split in this big old sandwich
which is amazing
I got a salad with raisins and walnuts
and chicken and goat cheese
it's actually interesting and Oliver's
eating sweet potato corn and Apple has
he had corn before yeah we got we're
putting it onto the spoon and then it
enjoys honey I know this cool little
Roadrunner you guys
he's so cool Oh where'd he go
you jump there he is he's so pretty he
weird looking pass is gonna go say hi to
the bird that's fitting my mystique to
it I have no idea look at it's like no
sitting on that bridge no but then hey
that's a Tara - yeah he's not like a
dinosaur left ollie what are you doing
you gotta stay in there kiddo alright
you guys
mini target hall we got some shelves for
his room and Missy got more spoons she's
you're obsessed with buying spoons for
him still up there working on the
stickers and then we also found this
really cool wall decoration it's an owl
and he's inside a little tree stump
isn't that awesome and it like sticks
off from the wall so to get like a sort
of dimension to it
Hey Hey You you how's this going it's
going
yeah like okay I'm looking at this it's
a teeny tiny picture going they sting
that's a little leaf okay I'm putting a
birdie on ready whoo-hoo put a bird on
it yeah hi
got it yeah busy a table from targis if
she can do her selling did you know
you're selling stuff out of his nursery
you're like an original Betty Crocker
wait wait this Betty Crocker so know Oh
Betty Crocker bakes so you're like a UH
Martha Stewart how about that yeah I
think the name is um Betty
blood so Missy's reattaching the ribbon
things on and it's gonna look fine don't
look stupid but that's it she thinks
that it's gonna look stupid it doesn't
matter because it's just gonna vanish
really Carol II see it's gonna be tucked
under but if you look at it on the other
side I'll just open oh my god okay your
finger make this the stuffs gone there's
always an open debate I gotta say babe
you want a sewing machine is kind of
sexy for real I don't know there's
something about it yeah I kind of suck
at it though look guys it's
self-propelled stroller like oh he's
like a little reindeer
yeah he's kind of crazy that you gotta
keep the body yeah all right though we
just walked as a family down to the park
the guard is lay here that sounds good
so before we left I was finishing up our
schedule because every month we schedule
out all our videos and figure out you
know what Missy wants to do and what I
want to do I was all done with the
schedule and I was just like I'm tired I
know it's like a total blessing to be
able to do what we do but at the same
time I feel like I'm stretched so thin
nowadays I'm gonna make my channel a
little more casual on youtube.com slash
Bryan Lanning TV because our main
priority should be this channel the
daily Channel and Missy's channel
because there's always videos that Missy
wants to do and she's like a YouTube
goddess and she just cranks him out and
she's amazing I think we're gonna do
away with the Tuesday Thursday schedule
on my channel when I want to do a video
I think I'll just do a video I
definitely want to do like the gizmo
crate unboxing so those are really fun
and
maybe some more casual like music
because I think I'm such a perfectionist
that I wanted like do music in the
studio and then I want to film in music
and then I want to put it up but I don't
need to do that and I just I need to get
over it huh yeah you should be more
casual and have fun with it yeah perfect
and that's what my channel was my
channel was like for me to sort of
express myself and have me do what I
want to do we are changing Missy
schedule to Wednesday Friday so we have
all these videos will always be up on
Monday on the baby League Channel and
then Missy will have her videos up on
Wednesday and Friday and then you'll
always have a video up on this channel
on daily bumps and then when I do a
bonus video it's like a bonus it's like
extra that yay so yeah I hope you guys
aren't too disappointed I just I feel
like it needs to be that way I feel like
I can do even cooler things on my
channel if I not restricted to a
schedule Ollie agrees huh alright guys
we just got back from the walk funny
story we were at the dog park for maybe
one minute and I know I'm trying story
hang on and a dog peed on the stroller
but not only peed on the stroller but
peed in the like little storage area
that had Misty's jacket so now my
jackets be on it and the karma comes up
right after um and pees too
like come on your just let's be on
our side anyway we're gonna put this kid
to a bath and then put him to bed and
the Miss hiragana Missy and I are gonna
go on a date night we're gonna get some
calamari and go watch a movie here to
see their game if it divergent or
divergent or divergent I don't know
we're gonna go see it though so hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog thanks for
being so awesome go down in the comments
and say something funny
tell me a joke so I can laugh later you
should do that okay he comes up for this
cutie Oh cute thumbs up for me
oh man I am dizzy and annoying myself
we'll see you tomorrow bye Tuan and
white yeah is my mom giving them a
little ice in there
kind of help but he's having some lunch
ooh he has I actually bought some steel
cut oats so like really really good for
you oats kind of things and it's got
some apples and bananas in here getting
this kid to sleep was tough he's just so
upset I don't actually don't know if
it's his teeth or if he should
