good morning oh my gosh you're about to
climb out of your crib for real hi hi
baby
think some of those okay this is our
Sunday
boy he's going to do amazing things good
morning guys a couple of you awesome
people out there sent me a couple of
like monkey applic I don't know how to
say appliques appliques applica I
literally don't know what their little
sticker things that go on the wall and
so I'm really excited
I don't even be able to put all of them
on because obviously I'd only have like
so much room for the wall I was looking
at this one I really like it it's kind
of actually when I was looking at on
Amazon you guys are just so awesome you
guys just like send me things and I'm
like hey this will work
so bitch by the way you don't need to
send me anything this is what it's
supposed to look like once it's on the
wall it's basically like a branch with
monkeys hanging off I think it was a
couple birds in there it's super super
cute I love it that comes like this
every single piece you have to put
together I'm like how am I supposed to
do this I have to like build the
branches and then try cutting them up
but not touching any of the sides you
know and then just laying them on the
ground and seeing if I can figure out
how the heck this thing goes together
and then putting out putting it up on
the wall but this looks like a fun
project look who's up and ready to stop
that day hey kiddo
he's shy he's shy today by the way can I
just apologize do you see all this crap
all over my camera right now a lot of
people are like there's a ghost on your
camera there's a ghost on your camera
but actually this camera is like beat
tushes I'm looking at the lens right now
there's like three scratches right in
the middle I don't know how it happened
even has a little protective cover that
like goes over it you know what I mean
but it's like really I thought this was
gonna last a lot longer honestly we got
these two new cameras and they're both
like so beat-up and gross and like I'm
just totally not impressed with the
quality anymore so I really want to
upgrade and we use em right now we use
the elf 330 HS by canon but I guess
there's like an S 110 or 115 or is it
112 I don't know but it's really really
awesome but it's really really expensive
so until we get those we're gonna be
working off this thing oh okay alrighty
you can look at yourself who's the the
oh it is by the way you guys we were on
vacation and I never got to properly
tell you baby all he put out a new look
who's vlogging up on the baby League
Channel and it's so funny it's actually
his very first QA he took questions that
you guys have been wanting to know so
anything that you've been wanting to
know about Lucas vlogging or just him in
general they'll be up on there so I'll
have that link below so you can go check
it out there's really cute it's really
creative if you basically stole my
computer and did a Twitter Q&A I think I
did it so I cut them all up and I kind
of pieced them all together and I think
that's pretty much how the branches go
now I gotta figure out all the leaves
but that might just be like more like
like art kind of work I don't know don't
forget you guys be awesome today
hey little good here they help me out
he's actually been hanging out with
Cassie and her friends whenever her
friends chemours are like he was always
like sure go for it and I'm putting up
this and it's actually looking pretty
good I read some reviews on the Amazon
stickers and it looked like it was
possible to they weren't gonna be like
very sticky but so far they're sticking
great and fine and I think it looks
really cute we're just gonna let it grow
out I'm putting it in this corner I
think it looks best only in the corner
possible is that one and that's where
his letters are and there's gonna be
like monkeys hanging off it I'm excited
I can't wait to see what it looks like
yeah this is pretty cool
you like
okay okay whoa huh
I'd be careful I'm good all these marks
on the mirror from you kissing yourself
I don't know what you're doing it looked
like you just licking my high school
days since we got home it just been
feeling so like tire like my body's just
so exhausted and aching so I just been I
mean like been my hair like two days it
looks disgusting but I just don't have
the energy right not like to stuff I
think like the weekend just like totally
warming out kind of like relax I'm still
in my sweatpants because I didn't want
to like get fully dressed today making
some chicken which looks really good I'm
so hungry just found out today by the
way for you guys who don't know this is
Brian from daily bumps I just did an
interview with him on our channel for
video you're telling them everything all
you need to talk you can just keep
talking to say what we're doing here
there we go hey guys I'm Tim hello you
guys from our family channel say hi to
them but we got some vlog something
going on here yeah so we just found out
today that we are gonna have a baby boy
it's coming up in August yeah for real
yeah we're having to be really you're
telling me right now yeah I'm telling
you my god you're like the first people
to know how to shut up you guys that's
insane okay I'm chatting here with tim
schmoyer of video creators i just did a
little interview with him that'll be up
next week and i'll let you guys know and
all that blah blah blah and stuff but he
just told me there you guys are having a
baby boy yeah we just found out today
and oh here just saw the ultrasound they
saw a little private parts dude that is
amazing Congrats I feel honored that
you're telling me right now yeah so you
guys saw it and now Brian knows so oh my
gosh you guys go check out their channel
I'll have both of his stuff link below
this guy's like a YouTube legend he
knows his stuff
and he's helped me even like grow and
stuff on YouTube so go check him out
I'll have his link below in the
description they're havin a baby boy you
guys that's like deja vu you're gonna
want to be in on that this poor guy I
think he's teething his top tooth now
look looking a little bit like swollen
and white
here's my mom's giving them a little ice
in there kind of help but he's having
some lunch - he has I actually bought
some steel-cut oats to like really
really good for you oats kind of things
and it's got some apples and bananas in
here getting this kid to sleep was tough
he was just so upset I don't actually
don't know if it's his teeth or if he
she's not feeling good and still just
kind of in that well like I am after
Florida and stuff but like he just
wouldn't go to sleep he was crying he's
sleeping now
hopefully he gets a little good little
napping so he'll be in a good mood again
I am getting some video games in I am
playing infamous this game is so cool
and this is what I love about the
PlayStation 3 this game was released
like five years ago and it's awesome
like this is like a look at this game
it's like really cool you can like throw
lightning and stuff it's just really
cool day two of walking and yesterday I
think me and my sister we walked a
little over two miles I'm using this
cool app called runtastic though I'm
using this cool app called runtastic and
it Maps exactly where you're walking
I like how fast you're going your route
and how how long it is it's really cool
app I really like it family long time
thank you are you doing this is nice
very breezy and beautiful umm but yeah
we're gonna I'm gonna try and walk
closer to the three mile mark of it to
three mile mark and hope that you know
it goes we were just like oh it smells
so good there's a lilac tree right here
oh oh man I love that stuff it's so
amazing yeah like how bright smells good
she likes that but if you get her a
candle that's lilac flavored she ain't
having it she ain't having it you guys
up in the wind outside hi Ally are you
enjoying yourself she's having a very
difficult time putting the carrots into
the bag it puts the carrots into the bag
do you need the stem thing hanging out
like that right now why don't you tuck
that in babe if it's fresh carrot okay
look at these carrots are probably way
more oh isn't it all organic if it comes
from the ground we use pesticide
I just rolled my eyes like four times
look at all the Easter stuff Missy
look at the little M&M this is a bunny
but Isis is Easter about money no it's
not
good question Easter is actually about
Jesus we do this every year and every
year I explain it to you oh that looks
good romantic cake red velvet cake Oh
carrot cake what's your favorite type of
cake babe chocolate ah if I have to
choose I'd say I really like wait Kate
why Kate what's your guys's favourite
cake let me know in the comments
chocolate miss he's just like she can't
stop thinking about chocolate now I
changed my mind
my favorite cake is ice cream cake for
my birthday I want ice cream cake now
Carolee telling the camera but it's got
like this really cool reddish orangish
color going on hi just want to say hey
I'll flip you back over bathtime yeah oh
by the way you guys look how many miles
we did 3.0 two miles an hour and a half
booyah we burned way more than six
hundred thirty calories bTW it was like
uphill only two dozen hour and a half
okay that's a long time cuz we went
shopping
yeah like most of those miles are
probably walking in the grocery store
because we like picked up a couple
things but it was still funny anyway
Oliver's getting a bath now and we're
getting ready for bed but I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog click thumbs
up if you did remember to go check out
the new look who's vlogging I'll have it
linked below he keeps trying to unplug
it you really need something to like put
over this don't push that Oliver don't
touch that anymore anyway thank you guys
for watching and we wish you tomorrow
good bye mishmash you should slow down
did you put all like two seconds I know
give any are you guys
yo Bob ha ha I can't help you get
