hey oli where are your pants
where are your fans where are your
parents
no no birds we're home we're home
finally yay Phoebe oli like raspberries
oh you have to get real here in a second
huh
and for juice huh doc you wanted this is
our son baby you good boy he's gonna do
amazing things car was like can I get
off me hugs hugs
oh we're home I've missed food so bad oh
my gosh we've eaten the most crappiest
food well on vacation and it's hard like
our our uh hotel we're gonna have like a
kitchen or anything otherwise we would
have gone like Walmart gone grocery
shopping or something I know so now
we're binging out on leftover homemade
food cuz showing our is like having a
party it's amazing I need your clothes
go now your friends missing huh it was
pretty messy so oh gosh oh look at his
room you guys it is a disaster
it is SAS so many toys and it's kind of
a rush as we were leaving I'm gonna put
some clothes on him and put him down for
his second nap he is grouchy I think
he's just really like totally off and um
you know just different now he's trying
to get back to his old schedule and he's
definitely not adjusting as well as he
did when he was adjusting to a Florida
so hey I'm just put him down for a nap
could you're grouchy huh he's like no
I'm not grunty
no yeah let's put some my clothes on you
cake ah to reality we're home feels nice
it's raining today that's odd never
rains California is just like so how
these are on awkward they become French
so happy that we're home it's like
crying tears of a happiness from this
dog race car
playlistlive was just nothing of what i
imagined it to be you know what I mean
and I'm just so excited for next year
because I know next year's going to be
even crazier and awesome and stuff but
man it was just so cool like getting to
meet everyone and like not just like me
everyone okay because we had we were VIP
so we had like tickets to go to the
parties at night and like go into the
back area so we could like escape like
the mobs of people and stuff but like we
actually have like legit conversations
with a lot of people that we've been
watching for the longest time on YouTube
just having like like Ally she just
encourages so much she's just like I
love your little family you you're on
this panel for a reason because you know
what you're doing and that just felt so
good like hearing that from her you know
what I mean because it's it's weird
doing these videos and like having
people watch them you don't ever see
like the people behind the numbers but
there's people behind the numbers and
it's insane and it was just one of the
most humbling things ever I think to
actually get to see like firsthand
seriously a lot of fun I think it's just
something that changed our lives you
know and it changed the way we see
YouTube and I think it I think it's for
the better too honestly so now I'm in
the car I've got a lot of things to do
boring adult things boring adult things
that's back so I actually got to go run
a couple errands talk about Ali's room
my room is even more of a disaster I've
got four no three suitcases I've already
got a basket of laundry that I've kind
of tried to clear out of here it's such
a mess lesson my room is actually pretty
clean because I was like determined to
make sure that I don't have to come home
to like a dirty bedroom and stuff it's
pretty much a disaster this whole
unpacking is going to be an all-day
process whole EPL Box Batman we even
checked our POS for pee laughs and we
came back in there's packages from
Australia and the Netherlands in Canada
and all letters and I just want you guys
to know like when you send us a letter
we always read it I know we can't like
we don't always have time to like
respond to people but just reading your
letters and and like you hearing about
like how much we inspire you or help you
or bring you happiness or joy or
whatever like that oh that just means so
much to us just you guys know you don't
have to send us packages I appreciate
letters or cards or anything like that
never feel like you have to like send a
package or anything
honestly the comments that you give us
when you click thumbs up on the video
hint in - have you done it yet that
means a lot to us as well people ring up
tilt things full ring little things any
diapers oh hey they have the disposal
inserts for gee diapers here now that's
exciting
we've been using baby annex lately and I
think we've really really liked them I
don't know if we want to switch to
anything but Missy problem is he likes
to try new things so I'm sure she'll try
something new but I'm all girls I found
infamous this has got number one and two
really twenty bucks and I've always want
to play this and the new one just came
on a ps4 and I'm kind of jealous of all
the FIA's foreigners so I'm treating
myself
treat your sales good you guys I
couldn't like everything I just have a
few things I need to hang and put away
all these clothes but I've actually
unpacked all of my stuff all of all
these stuff Brian's gas and stuff I'm
not putting away all his crap he's got
black but I'm actually always already
awake so I was able to do that all that
so quickly I was gonna take me forever
how's this little munch again I missed
waking you up in here good morning good
nap did you have a good now I miss this
we missed waking up in here he's dead on
your blanket right I gotta fix this
thing and put it back on his head yeah
oh good night guys
yeah I needed of saying good morning huh
I have actually his crib guard sitting
right in here I gotta fix it up just cuz
I I kind of made it quickly and I should
have done a better job at it so I'm just
sitting in front of my computer getting
some work done and I'm knocking on this
amazing salad this is from Archer farms
from Target it's a little pricey I was
like three bucks but it's so good it has
a huge chunks of cheese and meat and
this is like the chef's one and I have a
bunch of other ones and I'm really into
these kind of things that you just like
throw to get cuz like it's more of like
a salad you have to buy a bunch of
individual things and then put it all
together
like what are you doing what are you
doing you candy did I make a mess of
things play penny so
yeah hey buddy you want a glass of water
too bad
hey buddy hey buddy comes like me hey
everybody look how cute this is
you guys we got back and he's kind of
doing this a little bit before but he
can basically walk everywhere can't you
you're like mobile really like I'll just
be like standing over here doing
something and he'll just like run into
me it's the cutest thing ever I will say
I guess um walkers are like illegal in
some countries obviously they're not
illegal here um and I feel like
personally I think it's all about you
know how much you put them in and you
put the kid in there he's literally in
it for like maybe five minutes a day
just while I'm doing stuff just to kind
of like give him something to do and I
think you know people who leave their
kid either in there for like hours at a
time or put them in an unsafe situation
like where there's stairs and stuff it's
obviously not good and not healthy for
them to sit in there for that long but I
feel really confident about him being in
here for a couple minutes and it's
adorable to look what he's doing he's
walking over here to go see his doggie
he's like his car laughs it's so crazy
okay woohoo it's here
seriously I opened the box and this is
when I saw it I was like you're a bordo
this is my gizmo crate I got a new
subscription box it's a gadget and
foodie discovery box it looks really
awesome looks like something I'm totally
going to love so I'm gonna open up this
bad boy if you guys actually want to see
what I got
then head on over my challenge I'm gonna
start doing really cool unboxing of
these maybe this little Brobot cool okay
exactly what we need when we come home
from baby no I it's like literally going
to hit the spot
I don't know why I thought that there's
some of that mmm for you whoo that
really salty
what'd you put in there she's all salt
yeah yeah so good so good mmm
I actually make cookies mm-hmm
this is cookie dough like this Oh what
lies our growth with cookie dough is gum
this is probably like the funnest thing
we used to be did this last summer and
it was so funny all right
Cassie's got a balloon and Carmen loves
balloons comes Erie County oh yeah we
plays with it wait get our okay that's
like the coolest dog trick ever okay me
my sister Allie are on a walk my nose is
runny cuz really cold and windy actually
um but we're actually trying to prepare
for the mud run I know that I can walk
the mud run it's like 5 k I don't have a
problem that but I'd like to be a little
bit more in shape where like for like
running I hate running I've always hated
running I'm really bad at running like I
seriously hurt my feet I like slam my
feet onto the pavement and it hurts yeah
are you excited to mud run oh yeah he's
so much fun we had we did it last year
well so much fun so we're gonna do it
again in April so that's like really
coming up soon whoo that's kind of fun
hi yeah he's like okay he's like look so
awkward right now hi baby
hey oh hey how'd you do house he thinks
she can get into this I think you're
gonna need to take his shoes off I don't
know guys you look Oh guys you're gonna
get stuck I did this when I was a
teenager too and I got stuck push me I
remember I did this when I was a
teenager and I got pretty far I like her
and I literally had to flip myself out
of it all he's trying to climb out to
now he just figured out how Angie did it
at the most part I got a nice rest of
game I like my mommy sponges
get out here we go but I was like two
seconds all right never get ready are
you going fast
JimBob
I can't help you get off thank you stand
up stand up sit down sit down
I didn't so did you all right that was
okay I'm really embarrassed now down
there oh look at all he's like give me
food get me food please trying this new
little bottle well or is it a bottle or
sippy cup
that is me me got him you got those
sides like that yeah like that he's so
smart
we're just eating some dinner got some
chicken and some noodles and all he's
trying something different you showing
this new one
all right here we go ready try some
dinner no food
mmm mmm what you think it up hmm good
well by the way I uh cosign with your
shirt oh sorry I was hanging out : and
he just rubs off on me I want to try it
can I try a little bit of it sure
oh my god do you know I felt a lot like
hate
it's good it was just weird anyway I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog I'm
gonna go ahead and end it here if you
did like it give it a thumbs up and
subscribe to our channel put up videos
every single day we just about seventy
eight thousand subscribers and like what
couple days ago I was like we're at 75
not crazy
using everything you can to get up there
all right little been a crazy monster
has not slept at all
and it
