good morning God good morning
interesting fact a family that makes
their bed together stays together
except I made the bed all by myself
today so I don't know how that really
helps in my situation Brian here you
left - Brian is Brian here oh I guess I
was just talking to myself
some of those okay this is all Sunday
boy he's gonna do amazing things
I'm pretty sure that our new favorite
thing we wake up is seriously making our
bed I don't know why we just I just
really like making it and then when I
make it just look so pretty and I just
want to look at it all day and get
excited for bedtime what are you looking
at I'm looking at the fan that is moving
fast huh we're actually getting ready to
go swimming I'm so excited it's gonna be
a warm day um so we're going to my
aunt's house we reversibly my swimsuit
matches my shirt funny weird we just
picked up some Chinese food on the way
to the pool got a Chinese food and I'm
just gonna pull forward oh gosh Zambia
way jambe I was doing a vine with him I
told Missy I'm gonna do a final zombie
don't make fun of me because it probably
sounds weird okay and on camera it's
even less knowing that it isn't real
life in real life it's way more annoying
that's me you having fun
he's in the new one so it's all new to
him look at this lion monkey circus this
one's crazy like puts it all right in
your face how's it feel guys it's
freaking cold
oh yeah took me forever just like we
talked about it unfortunately since all
he does swim lessons and a pool long
time me in a pool does 98 degrees he
does not like swimming pools anymore
yeah they're freezing yes we might have
to do the baby pool
not gonna be for a couple months I think
yeah it's vehicles right so we are now
at the pool section because it's a
little shallower no fees would he makes
these funny noises whenever he gets cool
of him you think okay
that's not that good good good mom
that's good - called start like you know
easing yourself into it maybe just like
me it never goes from me you know like
okay and I'm done I went swimming yeah
hey take a quick kick good job see you
get used to it
good job further okay we're in the big
pool I have chills all go from PAH no
but it was just like you really have to
get used to it but I'm actually not even
that closing more down here oh yeah mmm
what do you think are you gonna get in
yeah Wham
you just have to jump in I forced myself
to jump in the middle in the very end so
I could get used to it that cold at my
phone dizzy
look how hard my nipples are Oh
partying nipples you're gonna get perky
nipples - really cold already going down
one more one more step flashing around
like back and forth you really like that
Eddie
hey guys we're heading home and we're
all exhausted I'm so tired
yeah I'm really tired my fin my skin
feels like all crispy
did you put sunscreen on Brian yeah oh
my gosh yeah we're really like I really
don't like sunscreen especially on like
Bobby's an ollie but on me I don't like
it cuz it's just like it's just I I do
have a theory that sunscreen is the
reason for skin cancer I really do think
so but we actually use a really cool
soft we got for all yeah I use a really
natural sunscreen for ollie all hopped
up I may even do a video about it but by
badger it's really nice it's like
literally just down to the main
ingredient of what sunscreen is it has
no toxic stuff in it it's really really
good and I really am just convinced that
you know the stuff that we use is just
terrible for us and we're just spraying
chemicals and nastiness on us so I hate
it because I and then once I put it on I
just feel like I need to go take a
shower because I just feel like I'm
wearing poison on me but yeah anyways
Ollie is conked out I can get him there
he is
fast asleep who's Gary Terry boy and
actually I never even see but the car
behind me is my sister and she's driving
my sister's trying to drive I was crazy
just hanging out with my little guy
hey buddy he's cranky he would not nap
when we got home he knocked all the way
home like we showed you and when we got
home he just like refused to sleep he's
a rebel yeah
neuro rebel only I'm actually watching
Harry Potter I'm on the fifth one now I
think I really do like the fifth one I
think it's probably one of my favorites
hey why do you doin what are you doin
Chicka Chicka Chicka Chicka Chicka
Chicka Boom like I said a few days ago
me and Cassie are getting ready for the
mud run and we had this great idea to do
some type of like superhero theme I
don't know how we're gonna do it we
bought a white tee shirt and we're
trying to make like her own design so
this is what we have so far
I think what's our team name gonna be
half ears fearless
I don't know we're going to kind of try
and like design it a little bit but this
is like our logo and then we're going to
obviously add some color we just pin
using markers and we're just going to
have fun with it I'm going to make a
couple like little capes for us to put
on just for fun and I was even thinking
um like little masks cos like that we
could just tie around and like just have
our eyes poking out I thought that'd be
really cool but we have so far what do
you guys think this this is my artistic
skill that's about as good as I can get
it's pretty lame but whatever
just crawled up in my arms and fell
asleep hmm miss this feeling doesn't do
this often anymore
this child is done today he's done done
done in the Sun and he wants to go to
bed huh
he just missed his nap and he's been
really grouchy he took like a small nap
with Bryan um just I kind of relaxed but
didn't he just had dinner now he needs a
bath cuz you are filthy
you just look filthy oh man we got he's
gotta go to bed you wanna bet just
turned a bit early tonight
well okay go to bed a little bit early
which would be nice for him and I'll be
nice for me drop a little bit I feel
like it's like when I put into bed like
I feel like I go for very weird I mean
I'm never really done because obviously
even when he's in bed I'm walking the
monitor and I'm still going uh going in
there to like help him if he wakes up
and stuff like that ah the best husband
ever award goes to Bryan Lanning
no I just really just want to get some
chicken gnocchi soup and apparently it's
a big hit with the wife just a half
gallon this time we don't really do a
gallon of chicken gnocchi soup and we
share it with the entire family and we
have leftovers for the next day but her
and I are just gonna share some chicken
yogi soup so I got a half gallon and
it's way better to do a half gallon than
it is to order a bowl cuz of the bowl
you get hardly anything really cheap
dinner idea it's really nice I really
love having like a bedtime and a nap
schedule I just feel like during those
times I get to like breathe and its
relaxed and like do what I need to do
and I just can't imagine not having a
schedule because I mean I know you know
people who don't really work on a
schedule and you know that's fine for
them I mean every child is different if
they their child doesn't need a schedule
but just I can't imagine it seems like
I'd be really really hard to like focus
or like to not get go crazy you know
without being like oh my god I'm gonna
go crazy like and then it just seems
really tough and sometimes I feel like
those people are do are are having a
more difficult time um and so I just
feel like schedule is really important
and I do like it so bedtime is nice it's
nice that we have a bedtime cuz you're
the crazy kid and all I do is chase
after you that's all I do huh
Hey look up here hey Olli are you ready
for a back ok just got home and look
what I found
she's rocking Ali to sleep it's about
that time but anyway I think I'm gonna
go ahead and end the vlog I'm gonna
clean up all these toys we're gonna Mack
on some chicken gnocchi soup
oh hey Karma how you been buoyancy all
day how are you my friend
eating some chicken gnocchi soup and I
think we're gonna try and finish wolf of
wallstreet we've tried watching it you
know it's like three hours of halt and
coming you stay away from our chicken
yoki stupid but I wanna know key dad
yeah it's like three hours long and it's
a quite graphic and I was really
expecting but it's really interesting so
I think we're gonna try and finish that
tonight but hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog give a thumbs up it did and
Missy's got a new video on her channel
go check it out she did 50 facts and
it's quite hilarious oh also happy
siblings day to all my siblings and your
siblings
today is siblings day and it's kind of
interesting because a week ago I had one
sibling my sister now I have five so
crazy a life works out sometimes anyway
thank you guys watching we'll see you
tomorrow bye
that's a spring toy one there's a cute
little baby on your cup Missy and
there's a cute little baby over here hey
