good morning you guys you know that
feeling when you're taking a shower
and you see a spider and you hit the
spider with the with the shower and he
falls and he goes all the way down into
the drain and then for the rest of the
shower you have like goosebumps and you
have this innate fear that it might have
been a spider who was like injected with
steroids or like radioactive energy or
something and that it's like really big
and strong and it's gonna like crawl all
the way up through the water and soap
and shampoo and come out of the drain
and like each you or bite you or
something along those lines that's what
happened to me this morning baby all in
tights raspberry no drastic you have to
get really cured in a second huh four
days huh doctor warning this is our son
baby
you annoy he's gonna do amazing things I
don't have like a fear of spiders snakes
snakes is something that really freaks
me out
but there's something about being
vulnerable and a shower butt naked while
a spider is like staring at you you're
like please leave me alone
ollie what are you doing
I just nope now you want the light light
huh
always with the lights or any kind of
pole that you can pull down and try and
break huh no he is like the most active
kid these days you literally can't take
your your eyes off him because he just
wants to climb and crawl on everything
huh I normally keep all the door shut
because obviously the stairs are right
there but as long as I'm watching him I
let it be open and it's a fun little
game fun little game we play I chased
under the stairs bring him back goes to
the stairs bring him back huh the update
on mr. leo he had to have surgery and
stuff and look at him he's doing pretty
dang good aren't you mr. Leo here's his
little gloom it's really not bad at all
basically just got a few staples and now
your thumbs gone where you gonna do
without thumbs I've always said that
dogs it's not that the reason okay the
reason dogs can't like do things is not
because they don't have thumbs it's
because they don't have knuckles if I
didn't have a thumb I could still do a
lot of things but because you don't have
nut goals huh
that's why you can't climb stuff all
right here's a snack
to get it you got it hmm oh hello I'm in
Sitka and I'm driving places and I'm
doing saying that I totes forgot to tell
you guys I started this meeting I'm fine
we're zombie and I can give a nod back
we do a funny kind of stupid jokes I'm
fine does that funny cuz they have
zombie so if you're not following me I'm
fine check me out
I guess now there's like this new option
where you can send a private fine
messages to people so if you guys send
me a private message you might get a
ride back I am lost this always happens
when I Drive without missing I don't
know where I'm going
ah it's not kind of ironic though that
I'm always one that gets a lot well no I
guess it's the guy always gets lost
right and then the girl is always like
ask for directions on sounding me
desperate directions because Missy is
like a walking compass she just knows
where she's going all the time okay
think about it really oh my gosh you
guys I don't think I realized how
spoiled I am because me and Brian parked
the car in the garage since we have
Ollie and we don't want him to have to
get into a boiling hot car yeah it is
boiling hot in this car because I'm
actually driving my mom and dad's right
now Brian is I thought he's busy right
now so
yeah I had the job guide my mom's car
and it's like it's so hot oh my god but
yeah I'm actually gonna grab my me and
my mom some lunch and she's watching
Olly right now which is kind of cool I
would I would love to leave Olly with
her more she loves watching Olly but I
worry cuz her backs always been so like
fragile and you know if you didn't know
like just last year I mean she was
getting ready to do surgery because in
her back was just like completely out
and killing her so I'm just grabbing
lunch so she gets to watch him which is
kind of cool because I know she likes to
watch it so we're at open swim we're
gonna go swimming me and my mom are
actually taking him cuz Bryan's got lots
of work to do but he missed his nap and
so he was so tired and of course he fell
asleep in the car you want to go
swimming
well I got him up I caught him out of
his car seat he doesn't want to wake up
though so should be interesting I feel
kind of bad but I think he'll be okay
that's why you're so happy I knew you'd
be happy so excited good job you can say
it'll be another I was actually gonna
bring the GoPro to video him under the
water but the GoPro had a missing a
memory card we couldn't find it so we're
going to find that
niggers chillin like a villain with my
mater pillow added in what that could
have been a totally better rap but I'm
just not a rapper I'm sorry you guys I'm
just another rapper don't mind the
chocolate glazed doughnuts over their
target puts chocolate glazed donuts
right next to their salads it's the most
uncool thing ever but I was actually
going through instagrams and editing and
Twitter and stuff and I saw that Anna
and Joey had their little boy jr. and
I'm just so stoked for them and it's
funny because I think a lot of people
assume that like we were inspired to
start vlogging from like shaycarl and
like CTFxC but the truth is I never even
watched them until like after I started
YouTube I knew of them obviously because
there they were pretty big but um
honestly I think Missy watched a lot of
the sacona Jolie's and she was like I
just love them they're so genuine I feel
like we relate a lot to them because
Missy is actually a lot like Anna and
she says I'm a lot like jofi it was
actually probably them that had the
biggest part in really inspiring us to
do YouTube and to share a family in that
way but I just wanna say congrats to you
guys on little Junior because he is so
freaking cute I'm stoked to see them
with a little boy yeah I miss Ollie he's
swimming right now with mom quickly is
seriously very much enjoying himself
we're gonna do a little more sympathy
dude why you're great Oh
just with the screen toy one there's a
cute little baby on your cup Missy and
there's a cute little baby over here hey
I will say I love the times where we can
put him in his playpen he's happy with
just a few toys you know to me yay yeah
he's like oh yeah I remember you I want
to be out here now take a picture you
smile they guys smile oh hang on I don't
things boring adult things
he's picking out some hanging strips cuz
we did get the new letters for his room
I think she just needs a couple more
yeah those ones work boom yeah hey kiddo
got some diapers up in the cart yo this
kid keeps saying mama he won't say it
when I turn on the camera though huh ma
ma ma ma ma this is our life this is
what happened hey you want to turn
around kiddo all right he does want they
need to make something where they can
have kids sit up in the cart yeah bedbug
bath time like you're ready
ticking damn pants off I'll be where
your pass the bath is that way look at
him all he's getting a bath and I'm
eating some dinner
I got mashed potatoes and barbecue
barbecue chicken wings check this out
you guys : always just these amazing
macro food shots and I'm jealous so here
you go here's a macro food shot boom
shaka-laka-laka bone got a red x' boom
yeah : introduce me to those quite tasty
so a lot have you been asking uh what
does my mom feel about this I've been
looking for my dad and I found him and a
lot of you want to know how does she
feel about me finding him going into it
and all that so we're gonna FaceTime and
get the info straight from her hi mom
any of you good so everyone wants to
know since I started looking for my dad
what are your thoughts about this I
really really I was a little
apprehensive you know that yeah yeah it
doesn't seem like it's going that way
sounds like they're gonna welcome you
with open arms and your family and I'm
just excited you need to know who you
are and what you know you need to know
my goodness when I saw a picture of all
those boys you look just like them
thanks mom isn't my mom the best you
guys and the thing is she was we're
actually planning a trip to Idaho soon
so we'll get to see each other
well we'll get to see you soon
there you have it guys that's my mom's
take she's excited for me I hope you
guys enjoyed today's volley I'm gonna go
ahead and end exciton kind of editing to
do and Missy's fighting with all 80
grand go to sleep but give this vlog a
thumbs up okay because it makes us happy
and it's free and all you gotta do is
click the thumbs up button please thank
you we'll see you guys tomorrow bye Amy
what are your teeth let go let go
welcome let's go go bugger bugger bugger
bugger gah
what do you do it he making music the
kid he's wearing a tank top
onesie it's so cute and very fitting
look at it move in it's moving on its
own that's pretty cool huh huh quit I
totally missed him swimming in the pool
was it the cutest thing ever
