good morning guys it is the last day
I'll play this three and we're actually
just waiting for our sweet golf cart
ride today what did I say I'm really
tired
think I think the bomb there very nice
of you
this is our sign daily
do amazing things got a lot of sleep
last night and I feel good much better
that could have done smarter I feel like
it was wise for me to skip the party
last night and just like ketchup so yeah
we're waiting for Kefka I have a
breakout session my big panel with Shay
and char or not Charles Charles gonna
make it because he lost his ID but Ally
will be there and Austin will be there
so I think we're just gonna try and find
our way to the green room look at this
little guy I know
snazzy he looks nice listen to ya
he's got his collar all Pop's he's like
yeah what up I'm even wearing shoes and
then he's got his girlfriend on his
shoulder
Sophie say go like a true rock star
buddy good morning he's gotta say good
morning to the fangirls their work
they're out there working hard okay
ya know they hold into either hopefully
created the whole professional fangirl
thing oh really
yeah we are in the green room waiting
for Brian Eliza green definitely not
great there's one very small economy and
then there's Fred
financial icecream definitely not green
I expected like a room of green screens
and then we're just gonna walk into like
this magical jumble like all over the
screens and stuff yeah totally something
did you see rock stars outfit he looks
like a trooper
oh yeah we were talking about this hat I
told you only Floridians wear the hat
rocked I do you want to show them the
Hat I was trying to debate if I was
gonna go on the panel but I think I'm
gonna you know just not and hang out
with Ollie and Kai maybe and Britney and
Colette and Daxton and so yeah okay
Missy is dressed to the nines today with
this and you're even rockin Hills babe
you know it's a special day when she's
rockin heels talking about the term of
vlog and how a lot of people get it
wrong like it always autocorrects to
blog which is annoying right noise noise
who's this girl that I have my arm
around
that's Cassie put your sister huh school
with you you totally old are you 60 do
you think my brother Logan is cute Logan
my guy 16 yeah what's up like iPhone why
can't a pole on and turn the autocorrect
to vlog and you know I think we actually
have the ability to change it like in
settings but we're all too lazy really
we're all too busy blogging women yeah
change it to I don't know no my friends
say Pilar one of my friends says are you
gonna be like me not be your friends and
don't put me in my in your meat log
please don't do that anyway hey I'm
gonna be on a breakout session with this
guy he's been blogging for five years so
no pressure breakdown so I'm gonna bite
in senator write down don't move
nah that's what he said can you just it
should be a breakdown session we should
all just sing frozen alright well I'll
just take apart son tired you know
they're cheering for you right
you hear like there's two people I think
I find myself
I'll watch clips like if I'm editing and
I smile when Charles is talking because
these things like happy you know it just
makes you feel better to see somebody
enjoying themselves right no I mean good
I want I want all of you to do that
because you're all gonna have a crappy
day in the next couple days like I fight
crap what it is a seriously I've done it
so many times I'll just go at the mirror
be like and you start a laugh to
yourself like I look like such an idiot
letters not in commercial series I think
that's why I write what we do is so
important because we can relate to so
many people we've had at that new family
law and of course we struggled with
saving yourselves we've always been very
open about sharing stories lock you up
because someone's watching in fact so
it's a way of being respectful to the
family but it's also important to share
in those ups and downs you've always
been very happy about we share every
part of our life that's fun and exciting
we also tell you about the downsides and
sort of a bad stuff that happens to you
because everyone
I talked about this is a vlog couple
weeks ago but sometimes I like to think
about things in a hundred years from now
the things it's like you care about
right now and they seem like such a big
deal all the people would say laughter
here's like who cares you know
we're so much baggage going on so much
baggage
I just realized I've enjoyed the water
on it on my lipstick so that's nice look
at this camera you guys that's a
Polaroid she just let me do a little
work maybe abstract okay it'll be
abstract okay whoo all right we just got
out of our piano and now we're gonna try
and find food this little guy did so
good he wasn't screaming or crying or
nothin so ya see ally could totally have
one of these I could have one of those
yeah Pharrell he uses it sometimes he
pulls out his pocket he dabs his lip
with it no joke oh now he's pooping so
there's that Kingsley hey so we read the
party the other night and I'm pretty
sure you asked my wife to hold your
phone and take pictures and she took and
then you left it and she took a bunch of
pictures of herself you remember that no
do you have a bunch of pictures of my
wife in your phone no are you sure she
was almost sure it was you
bro look in your photo gallery right now
yeah you can see your phone and you're
like oh this time take a picture it
literally labs for like a while for your
mouth kid so rude
hey yo god I just had a nap and I'm so
happy I just want to crawl everywhere
yeah he's using self in the mirror Hey
look at that sexy booth look at that
sucker burst we should do helicopter can
I do helicopter with him no you get him
uh I can you got a call from Cassie huh
no let's try are you ready she's baby at
least you're not dead
look you always like me all right he's
fine
we'll just no he's not oh so you have to
look forward to when you're older buddy
you guys it's Kojo I've been seeing
around here everywhere we're pretty much
like best friends
and he just walks around here take
selfies with girls and stuff not get a
selfie what if I tickle your chin he
blinked he's blinking at me been walking
around the conventions and all he's on
Missy's back and he's totally chill I
think he prefers this long yeah he's
like closer to me yeah yeah but it's
just been fun walking around today like
we don't have like a huge people just
like right on to us obviously like we're
not that big and it really advertised
much that we were going to be a playlist
when tickets were on sale but it's just
so cool like the people who are coming
up to us and they're like I love your
channel and so it's just it's fun you
know it's fun to me and Cassie are
getting a ride back to the hotel and
I've got all the way out my back it's
just like children but not sitting back
but I felt like yeah
Oh
the wind in my hair
yeah like what huh we walked all the way
up here to get our stuff and all he's
like tired and he's hungry and we get
always the room and we literally
remembered we forgot the key brian has
the key and just so happened this lady
was walking out the hotel room and she
went into another one and I'm pretty
sure she works here and I was like oh my
gosh I wonder she could get us in so I
was like so anyway I could prove that
I'm in this room she was super nice and
super cool so um I I really want to go
down to the swimming pool but I'm just
going to show you what it looks like
okay there's a bazillion people down
there we are doing it we are braving the
crowd and we're going to go swimming
Kevin is slim town-wide yourself dude
yeah this is our hotel so yeah we're
gonna try and go swimming
I don't know where we're going to put
our snuff yet but we'll figure it out
I ran over that guy's what just cute
this is
Holly
a little bit chilly cuz lane and Suns
going down
Jenny due to a pretty warm floor five
shots to put in a food truck oh hey
there you are
what is going on in there I love this
whole thing I got those are cover
cornice
shut your camera in the water what are
you doing I got you chief six every
single time at dinner you guys Oliver
can never keep his songs on so we're
constantly putting one off and like
putting them back on oh you're kind we
wanted to on my foot my trainer but quit
kicking yourself quit kicking yourself
I'll see you go straight for the foot he
loved it
hey we start the miner to nose in his
long ago really by we you mean you
I don't think I'm kind of am I going on
the never log we're at one final it's
the last day of playlist and so we're
having dinner with : Katie goes up to
them
Cheerilee blow Austin and Brittany goes
up to them tattling below I've we've had
so much fun just like getting to hang
out with you guys and breezy weekend
right so it's pretty different from all
the other playlists you've been to well
I only went to last year's yeah totally
different this year well everything is
different yet I mean it's like that's
that's you but no yeah we've been having
a blast and we got one more day and we
still trying to figure out what we're
gonna do with it
oh my gosh you guys I had to work my
butt off to get Ollie to sleep it took
me like a good hour if not longer and so
I actually sent Bryan to the party with
Cullen and Katie in Austin and they're
all probably there already but I got
ready I'm all dressed up and we are
gonna go I'm gonna go by myself
so I'm really excited
last party oh here comes a lot of people
so I'm heading to the party by myself
Cassie's watching Olly I know a lot of
people like you left oh my god guys
don't know obviously there was someone
in the hotel guys with a final party for
playlist live oh my god this girl look
at her come back okay okay this is
really funny and it's funny because you
guys are wearing like the same color
dress and the same your shoes that's so
on point so that's like a connection
already you got this homey touch killing
it all that cheerleading helped out huh
okay so I just grabbed some supplies
mostly chips and ice cream and water and
stuff but we left the party and Wow what
it's a real night like I don't know like
we've just met so many new friends like
playlist has brought so like so many
youtubers close to us that we've watched
and we know and like like generally like
creating relationships that we never
would have imagined and I'm just like
I'm so flower guested that like this is
where we are and this is what we're
doing and that's all just thanks to you
guys and I just like I want I just want
to thank you guys for you what you've
enabled for us to do you know like these
opportunities and stuff so anyway that's
it for today's vlog quick thumbs up tell
them to click thumbs up time to click
thumbs up you gotta say it
thumbs up this vlog right
Wow totes uh what they said let's see
you guys tomorrow bye
I just got to give a shout-out to the
fangirls outside our hotel they are
persistent all right look at that
it just goes on for miles so gone from
Maya
they've got the security guard charging
their phone over here like you're put up
with a lot bro
