the best part of waking up is peaches in
your mouth numb are you doing here
changes bed with me this is our son baby
boy it's gonna do amazing things you
like that buddy this is peaches of
ma√±ana it is watery huh very like weird
no no no no see how his eyebrow is stuck
up because if it's not it's not in your
eyebrow bro good morning guys yeah he's
been snotty for a couple days now and
we're not sure if he's teething or if
he's just feeling under the weather I
don't know it's like you're feeding him
soup okay I know it's weird I got some
waffles and the toaster oven and they're
really hot and I got sausage cooking
that's probably about done and I've got
something hot coffee brewing in my
daddy's little man got up look at this
tough you guys didn't see this a
subscriber sentences and I just love it
it's so cool good morning karma got my
tea girl I think I would like some
breakfast coupie thank you
every morning we just try and play with
him but he will literally go over to his
box of toys and he's got like all kinds
of like toys in here oh I get this cool
book ooh that's cool huh he plays with
his toys it's the cutest thing he just
crawls around and picks them up and
what's that yeah that makes noise always
tires them out what are you looking for
here we got a this cool frog thingy
that's pretty cool that's pretty cool
you like that hey yeah good morning
guys
we are we just made our bed look at how
amazingly beautiful it looks I just love
making my bed now just cuz it just looks
comfy and like quickie
yeah and we get to just like can't we
just like get to dream about tonight
when we get to crawl into our mail all
day yeah so we got these euro pillows
they don't have um shams on them right
now and Missy's like her
I like she's like a she's like a baby
like an adult body and this is her
pillow that she has that I have always
had just like store it so no I have to
go back there just hide it haha anyway
so we got these euro pillows and we kind
of want to check them out because it's
kind of a new thing that I think people
are doing but they don't have
anymore
right now I'm helpful the goal is how
many pillows can I have on my bed
um we need shams for them not sure how I
feel about them come on the king bed
they just look so like random because
they're just like pillows just like
sitting there see up there waking up let
me know if you guys have your own
pillows and how what you do with them
they are your rough pillows hey what are
you doing doing did you have a nice he
knows he slept so good he slept about
two hours so it's naughty boy those nine
nose boogers you ready to get up for the
day and have fun let me just get that
boogie for you it was just hanging out
all right now dope things boring I don't
think boring that don't Thanks changing
alright now you can see yeah you're
welcome
tip please rude she's doing some stick
is up on the walls trying to finish the
nursery huh it's gonna be so awesome
woo yesterday I actually did end up
talking to a lot of new family members I
had an uncle call me and I talked to my
other uncle again I talked to a sister a
cousin called me like it was really
really cool but apparently I heard
through the grapevine that my dad is
actually gonna call me today you know we
haven't talked to him since the first
time he has my number and he's talked to
everyone else and he said he's planning
on talking to me kind of nerve-wracking
waiting around for it and knowing what
to say I kind of have like a couple
questions right now and my Notes app
he's so guys like talk about me I'm cute
always crying so I guess Bryan thinks
this is a good idea what
I'm gonna strap favorite novels show my
binky on the blog you want ready oh
there you go so yeah we're on our way to
go swimming with my cousin and we're
gonna grab some burritos before guys
right now this dream of eating a burrito
next to the pool right you make it sound
really weird I don't I don't have a jail
just like I want to eat I'm hungry
let's get a burrito while we know you're
like I want to eat a burrito by the pool
that'd be so good by the booze that's
what we're gonna be this weird like
thing where I am like like fantasize
about eating burritos different places
that's not a thing that is something I'm
gonna ask my dad though like burritos
we've been getting a lot of questions
about whether or not Brian's dad's side
of the family knows about YouTube it's
not something that workers gonna be like
oh hey we're on YouTube check us out cuz
it's kind of a something that's not very
common it is a little bit intimidating
cuz we're sharing about Brian side of
things but it's technically about their
family and it's just I don't know it's
kind of us it's kind of a weird
situation soon as they figure out
Brian's name they literally could just
Google or Facebook try and find them on
Facebook and they'd be like whoa what is
this guy doing you know long story short
yes they do know about YouTube basically
as soon as they found Brian they were
like okay so I saw your YouTube channel
and it's kind of an interesting it's
kind of been even intimidating for us
because obviously like they have like an
open window right into our lives and I
think they can't see that we're not
weirdos
yeah and that's kind of like the cool
part of it and it's really neat think
his dad may have seen a video or two by
now look at these here days I see you
jump in the pool but you got shoes on
you jump in the pool - Bailey
you can do it the faster you do it the
better it is yeah go yay gay I don't
know if we're gonna be doing much
swimming because it's I just started
getting hot it's like 85 degrees you
know so we shall shave your buddy
Wow then it's nice when you get used to
it hey I remember when you were pregnant
with him chillin in the kiddy pool you
know getting ready for him it is still
is cold even in the kiddie pool yeah I
just love his little high you guys so
cute are you jumping in the pool I'll
jump in the pool with you CJ had a
better form but you did a bigger splash
so we were coming home from my cousin's
house and Ollie of course fell asleep
because he was exhausted and we got home
I actually got him out of the car seat
and I nursed him before putting him into
that into the bed that seemed to have
woke him up just enough to make him feel
like he's got a second wind and will not
take a nap and he did this yesterday and
I'm like no way am I doing this again
yesterday kind of sucked because he was
just so exhausted cuz you're tired
not not hyper tired driving around
waiting from the fall asleep because as
soon as I put him in the car seat he
already started to let go oh yeah I'm
tired so basically that was a no-go yeah
say you're crazy ma I'm not going to bed
all he's about to try his very first
green smoothie it looks like this mmm
mostly got all ingredients that he's
already tried before let's see how he
likes it
mmm what do you think yeah yeah
no going back I admire that he's willing
to go back yeah I think let me try this
oh I think he likes it
yeah he likes green smoothies actually
about half his drink I'm so proud of you
are you happy all he apparently thinks
I'm a jungle gym don't you look at he's
like climbing all over me I'm like I'm
trying to sit in bed and watch a movie
and relax being on the Sun just wears
you out man I totally just like forgot
what that's like right now Lee is now on
the floor that's mommy's territory sorry
yesterday I was actually having this
really cool text conversation with one
of my uncle's he doesn't live in
California but it's one of my new
uncle's that I found from from my dad's
side he was so funny because they like
me she said they did find my youtube
channel and he's like is this
conversation he'll be put on YouTube and
I was like no I am NOT filming it and
he's like why not I want to be on
YouTube and I was like I don't know
we're just not feeling he's like we just
had back surgery I'm gonna send you a
picture put it on YouTube I was like
okay so he was just like really funny
and nice so I'm doing this for him this
is a graphic picture so kids look away
for like five seconds okay but it's
pretty effing wow it looks gnarly snot
looked like it hurt and there's even oh
I can't even like I'm gonna love
Scotland I think everything about the
Scottish culture is amazing and I love
their history
anyways Branco I actually have Scottish
roots and there's a castle in scotland
named after our family and we have like
a family crest and a family shield like
a coat of arms like our what's it called
tartan we have a family tartan even it's
pretty insane we go to Scotland one day
we're going there that's where Hogwarts
days
what if it's by Hogwarts what if the
castles by Hogwarts today what we're out
we got something really cool it for like
the past like few months every night
we'll pretty much all day
Oliver's been using my iPad my iPad
to listen to white noise or we have it
on like a youtube video that plays
lullabies and stuff this is a very
expensive item and I would like to use
it but I just have been like oh he can
just you know use it because obviously I
wanted to sleep today I actually picked
up this one it's a munchkin one and it
is so awesome it actually does do a
projector so it shows a couple different
slides it has a monkey one which is
really cool it's got two more back here
so plays like all kinds of stuff it's
got a heartbeat and ocean it does
lullabies rain white noise Mozart
it's so awesome it's got this little
nightlight that actually glows pretty
good and the projector is like seriously
so fun here with me so I can do it so
it's got this little projector that goes
up on the ceiling is so cute
and it's got a monkey let me see if I
can get it there's the monkey oh my gosh
I love it um so yeah it's just a perfect
little like baby item that we just
picked up really excited about and I'm
actually almost done with his bedroom
Ennis nursery and so I really want to do
like a full nursery sure I'm really
excited about it I love being his room I
think I'm gonna do like a big reveal
type videos because I've worked so hard
on it and I'm just like I'm so private
so I'm trying to keep it a little bit of
a secret until I do the reveal video so
be on the lookout for that one I'm
actually gonna go ahead and end the vlog
because it's late and this little guy is
ready for bed you ready for bed Olly you
want to read a book and go to bed
yep that's your humidifier do the video
a big thumbs up and subscribe to channel
if you haven't already and we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye LA USA bye hey good
night guys
this would be happening already too it's
just I think I think if I wasn't doing
this on YouTube obviously people and not
as many people would know and maybe I
would have never even found him
initially because Troy died like that
was things to you guys and like the
amount of messages that you
