good morning guys here we go today is
the last day to prepare for our trip to
playlist we are leaving at four in the
morning tomorrow morning the day you are
watching this we are right now on a
plane it's exciting
is it cold are you doing here change
burger for me this is our son baby
boy she's gonna do amazing things I know
like I talked to us before like I knew I
was going to be on a panel but like to
be on a panel with such big youtubers
who like have inspired me even if it's
just it's gonna be such an honor and I'm
just like blown away but I'm out
actually I just running a couple errands
it is not sunny out it is nice and I
forgot my sunglasses but I think I'm
actually gonna pick up a pair for
Florida so I have a nice new pair of
sunglasses you know like if you have a
pair of sunglasses for a long time you
tend to just like not care and just
throw them anywhere or whatever but when
you buy a new pair of sunglasses you
treat them a little nicer and I really
don't want to lose my sunglasses well
good morning mr. karma chameleon we go
get re-cook it okay yeah very easy
ah dear you grainy so happy I kind of
went to bed a little too early and then
he woke up halfway through it with a
dirty diaper it's kid poops way too much
he's like just pooping up a storm oh
goodness you guys look at my my stash of
binky's I've got five pinkies and I
think he's got one in here with him oh
there it is um son got five I've got six
pinkies actually and I've been trying to
keep track of them because I don't want
to have like be leaving for four and be
like oh no where's all the biggies we
got you we got you covered huh super
target it's like a regular target except
for super people like heroes like people
with powers I'm pretty much a superhero
except shopping at Super Target what I
really also need to fix this thing and
literally could take just one little
bite and he could start gnawing this
thing apart so I really got to fix it
but I just don't have time until we get
back this is my life today packing I
actually started packing last night my
bag I feel like I'm actually pretty good
on my bag obviously I got to get like
all my toiletries and like other makeup
item stuff like that I think all my
clothes are pretty much good to go and
in here yeah because I actually have a
little bit more room in it I feel like I
can put a few more things in I over pack
that's my major problem I always just
like what if I need this
what if I need that I you never can have
like too much you can always have too
little but there's sometimes you can't
have too much because and you can't fit
the things that you need now we're gonna
get started on this guy he's got a pack
morning I am thankful for Starbucks
inside of targets what an awesome
concept also I found wooden sunglasses
that's cool
boring adult things going on right now
on dude he's so bored he's like come on
man I want to play and I'm packing all
his clothes there has that does that
work can we just put in there just gonna
crawl right out of there huh got your
monkey I don't know I might be over
packing Oliver I feel like I did pretty
good with me but I think I'm over
packing Oliver but he's a baby and he
dirties clothes really easily and what
if he has a poop explosion every single
day I've got about four long-sleeved
onesies two short-sleeve ones these
three rompers 90 shirts nine pairs of
pajamas eight pairs of pants swim
clothes socks shoes hats a jacket I'm
gonna be bringing more blankets
mmm bo I feel like that's a lot of
clothes oh my gosh you guys I feel like
such a terrible mom so I was over here
folding laundry and stuff and Oliver was
playing and he started climbing up here
and he fell and he literally hit his
head right on this corner oh my gosh I'm
starting to see the little bruise I'm
okay oh my gosh it looks horrible Oh
baby I'm so sorry
see it's just like that mark oh I'm
sorry baby okay he's now he's just
crying cuz he is doesn't want to be in
here but this is exactly why I put you
in there cuz you hurt yourself when
you're out oh my god I feel horrible but
that's just what happens and babies hurt
themselves sometimes it it sucks so I
got a really cool package in the mail
today actually from Taco Bell I know it
sounds kind of funny talked about pretty
much has made me a secret agent and this
is my breakfast phone it's like an old
samsung slider seems dope remember
remember when we used to have phones
like this they were like the shiz ooh
look at that cool wallpaper menu
whoa this is trippy Missy I'm gonna
activate this baby
and I'm not using that because I do not
know how to type without a keyboard this
is so cool miss yeah like a secret agent
no but they said breakfast is coming 327
consider this your wake-up call
this phone is your direct line to talk
about breakfast starting 320 it could
ring at any time I got these cool little
like Listerine breath spray things
because we're gonna be talking in front
of a lot of people okay and we have to
make sure our breath is nice and fresh
so it's really simple you just put in
from your mouth and you go it sprays a
little in your mouth
and it's not well it's just it's minty I
don't like you beep but Missy likes
minty gum try it you can't be chewing
gum in front of people try it just try
it
stop she just keeps making the noise
stop it Missy
do it what the Frick see it's not that
bad oh I love I've up I like it it's
good no whatever you have nasty smelling
breath when you run into all the big
youtubers and I'll just I'll have good
smelling breath nice wings are done when
they look good I've been using this
toaster oven thing a lot it's actually
really cool and I'm trying to get this
thing on so don't burn myself but I just
made some chicken wings cuz we are
starved Missy is upstairs filming a
video that she wanted to film before we
leave no when I got my boring I don't
think t-shirt on because today we're
just doing a ton of boring adult things
we have cleaning we have packing we have
organizing it's all just kind of like a
crazy day like these holidays look so
good these are these mad wings we get
these from Sam's Club and they're so
good they're probably the best like wing
we got they're not like super super hot
and Missy actually loves them too so I'm
gonna get this all ready for us pouring
I don't think boring adult thing Missy's
doing lots of ball right now don't base
Katy shirts now link below in the
description
Missy you watch friends right yeah we
got a whole Monica bang situation going
on here what is that what happened buddy
do you hurt yourself - you guys seized a
big ol mark got a little darker you okay
I just miss you both in our boring and
dull pink shirts very cool huh I love
it's really comfortable - it's on a
Spreadshirt tee and normally I don't
wear like crew necks but this one's
actually soft so I like it it works I
think Brian's all packed all done Oh
Holly Holly like is that a fun game I'm
cooking up some butternut squash I just
did I just peeled and cooked - butternut
squash and so I'm gonna freeze those and
then I've got apples cooking my mom
picked me up some like these little bags
that it obviously will keep hot or cold
so they're really like small and compact
so I'm just going to like lay some food
in here and then put this in my luggage
and hopefully it doesn't take up too
much space
um but it will hopefully also keep it
frozen oh pretty collar
I'm getting the car all washed so it's
nice and clean for our long drive
tomorrow looking at the carwash doing
boring I don't things boring adult
things for I know knock things off I got
the best wash money can buy a whopping
11 bucks you guys I think it even comes
with a wax won't even sprayed my
undercarriage sprayed my undercarriage
yay ready whoo hey you love this thing
so uh Carmen just brought me his frisbee
look at this what the heck have you done
to it that's crazy okay this thing is
like made out of really tough rubber and
he has torn it to pieces
I kept how the fix was a fly it that he
has carrots literally in his eyes in his
hair carrot yeah a little orange it
whatever I eat carrots his cheeks get
all orange yeah he likes you like
literally took it in its like scrubbed
it would be like oh my gosh that is so
funny
you gonna take a bath now boy anyway I'm
gonna go ahead and end the vlog you guys
click thumbs up if you enjoyed it
tomorrow's a big day
so just gonna finish and getting
prepared you got to be up at like 4:00
in the morning do you hear that thank
you guys for watching hey go check out
the video of the Bryan's through the
beer I made I put out a video on my
channel I'll have it linked to us you
guys go check it out and we will see you
tomorrow get ready guys long travel day
tomorrow
are you ready get your rest we'll see
you that
see that when I'm just like kind of like
oh this is Hannah cuter when your first
should get that I don't know maybe not
that's all I do that's the way I shop
it's very it's a very annoying way to
shop but Cassie will just buy everything
if she can just left she's been since
she was a little girl though she used to
hide money in her little toy oh please
okay so I dropped Missy off at Trader
Joe's she's trying to find some natural
sunscreen to use while we're in Florida
and now I am
