there's a spider in our toilet room so I
feel bad for the spider is it cold
are we doing mir changez ride with me
this is our Sunday
there's gonna do amazing things
good one of you guys today is
potentially going to be a very big and
deep stressful day but first we're going
to take care of the most important task
which is picking a new duvet cover
something for us look at this is that
exactly like the what we have yes it
does these ones you like why they're so
way I don't know is that bad I mean we
could do one white and then one like
regular one yeah
and there's my white what about miss
he's nervous about the duvet cover
I'm nervous about potentially talking to
slash meeting slash forming relationship
with my long-lost birth father that I've
never met so so yeah
we have my dad's number and we're going
to call and he's gonna do all the
talking because I can't really talk but
this is basically I can call from my
phone yeah I'm gonna copy it pretty well
and I have notes in here and I have
family medical these professions right
here okay in case we get that far I'm
very nervous I don't even know if he's
an answer there's a good possibility
because we're calling it a weird time he
might not answer I'm going to try and be
as relaxed and chill as possible to not
because I'm stressed then he'll feel
nice to us no answer
oh hi is this a oh hi is are you the
same that graduated from oh okay cool
well I'm actually calling this is kind
of a weird call but um I don't know if
you knew in Nancy and landing but she
had a son in 1990 and she he actually
just had a son and he's looking for some
family medical history and we just want
to ask you like a couple quick questions
if possible okay so and if we if I need
a call later time I can but and you have
you'll have my phone number my calling a
cell phone okay cool so let me just ask
you a couple of questions then
and I think that day I just wanted to do
like the really basic like you know
quick questions so that is pretty much
perfect
this is actually for Nancy laning son
she actually has listed you as the
father
that call could I think it could have
gone a whole lot worse I think just the
fact that he was like really receptive
and open right away he was like yes
that's me yes I went to that high school
it was totally non-threatening at that
point and he was like yeah I don't mind
asking questions at all you know what I
mean it could not or he could have
simply just not heard it and just like
kind of rolled around it yeah like oh
family medical history okay yeah for me
was weird like hearing his voice and I
think it's like totally threw us off
because we called once he didn't answer
and then we called again expecting him
not to answer and he did so I was like I
I wasn't gonna answer oh god there's a
man's voice yeah phone right now please
don't be him you know yeah it was very
it was interesting so now I mean I think
that he is probably freaking out because
he's like oh god do I have a son you
might have a wife and kids and he's
probably freaking out he doesn't want to
hurt them and so obviously the story is
that he does know but it's possible
maybe he doesn't know so right now I'm
just gonna take I'm just gonna send a
text to his number I mean this isn't
over you know and I think that it might
just take a while for him to be open to
something like this I think the text
message will help as you can reread it
you can be like okay this is not you
know I mean like China processes are
better than words being spit out at him
and I think the text message might help
but at the same time he doesn't have an
iPhone so we have no idea like how he's
gonna get he gets it you know
probably an Android user well actually
we could just hope as long as it's not
like some phone that doesn't get text
messages yeah to Beijing he could call
us Nicole hours he calls a couple of
days and who knows what are we just got
to sit here and wait this is like the
worst part love this kid I love this kid
I love that I'm his dad I love that he's
my son you know older we'll play
baseball and football I think you know
it's the end of the day I never knew my
dad but now I am a dad and so I sort of
get to create this own image of what a
dad is supposed to be with this it would
this little snot-nosed brat don't eat
that okay please thank you put some
pants on geez they're such a bum in a
few hours
passed out after everything we were just
like I think emotionally drained from
distress and who fell asleep for a
couple hours always took a little nap
and now we're out this day it's been
stressful it's been just weird hard to
handle because I don't know because
you're just like you said to the after
sending a text message it's just like
you're just like sitting sitting you're
like all right you feel like waiting has
sort of given me more perspective on the
phone call though like I feel like I can
understand it a little more
I did some text I haven't gotten
anything back and I think honestly like
your mom was saying if it wasn't him and
he knew for a fact he would he would
text back and say hey sorry I'm good
luck with your search but it's not me
you know I think the fact that he's not
replying makes him like he's probably
like prominent organic colleagues like
well crap maybe you did I have a kid oh
my god so honestly it kind of went as
planned
yeah but that was a bit stressful I mean
can you imagine yeah I'm a fungally his
heart with Holly County so I was like
crap I gotta go to work
oh my god how am I gonna focus I
actually I felt really bad it's just
like a lot for your like mind in your
body to like process and like my we're
are you shaking yeah like I was shaking
my heart was pounding and like
that was horrible I always like when you
go to furniture stores and you find a
huge massive mirror I think I spire to
just have a huge mirror in my house it's
so cool not old health and here's like
everywhere yeah this is a cool Mir
though just like the shape and
everything I like it what are you doing
kiddo he we saw him drinking out of this
on his own actually can you do it again
he like him lift it up he lifted it
oh it is a little huh yeah
now try grab it yeah do that with your
hands do you get look at that he's doing
it he's like big what I'm just drinking
get my drink on mm-hm
look at this little King you guys we're
looking at bad I really like this one
oh oh oh oh it's just look so big oh I
love the pose I love the leather get him
get him get him get him get him gonna
miss he likes this one
I honestly think she likes it because it
looks like a bed out of that book you
like huh
what's it called you can sit down on
your tushie
I like the pot when we look like this
introducing his people yeah we just put
Oliver on him to test tomorrow we
literally couldn't decide between that
big old one and this one big and they
are both good but I just I really like
the platform look I like that it looks
like simple and stuff and that one just
looks very luxurious even though they're
both the same price they're both a
really decent price not too expensive I
don't know I just I just like with the
simple of but we literally couldn't
decide so long that he actually
instagrammed a picture you guys had seen
it so it's between this one the luggage
more luxurious looking one and the more
simple looking one everyone's saying
left I mean there's some but look all
these left right left wanna sleep on in
tonight so bad I know even chipped in
like free shipping and all that of them
together whatever you have to put yeah
so it's that one I'm they're both really
nice and both decent priced I just kind
of was preferring this awesome plural
better from Outlander it's got the metal
I don't see that boring I don't think
boring adult things boring adult things
ooh samples I think we're getting some
Egyptian cotton I think we have 800 but
this is 600 so it should fit the new bed
I swear that 600 feels nicer than 800
really different museum this is 600
uh-huh okay this is weird did they swap
them yeah 600 feels nicer that's weird
yeah weird hmm yeah picking out new
sheets
they got comforters and duvets we got to
figure that out new beds gonna be here
on Saturday
so get ready stressful ready I hate
buying stuff this could do it so he's
got a little bruise it's really cool I
gives him character i tented jaw hey
take a itj hi JJ maybe that's nothing
nothing
all right I'm being ollie dinner it is
car seat today but normally I let him
like suck it out of the pouch but he's
really hungry and we are not home yet so
I feel really bad I'm letting him eat
this oh gosh she's making a mess
it's sweet potato corn and apple yeah so
we're headed home after a very long
exhausting day and of course talking to
Brian's dad which was a big deal
actually we haven't thought about in a
few hours have you know
nice yeah we haven't like had to think
about it yet
anyways you guys we're gonna actually
end the fall cuz it's really late and
he's gonna go straight to bed when we
get home I hope you guys enjoy it thumbs
up for talking to Brian's dad that was
really interesting and it was uh it was
interesting I can't say fun but it was
interesting yeah
alright guys that's my cue hope you guys
enjoyed it we'll see you guys tomorrow
hi Aidan come here Aidan walks in here
and he opens up his his backpack and
he's moves right in yeah he's like
unpacking everything he gonna I'm gonna
hang out so you should show me your hat
collection this is this yours
is this your hat it's a cool hi that's
Matt he's got a couple of animals we got
a rabbit and we got a kitty cat and some
baby wipes stinky you never know he's
like
