where's Oliver there is where's Oliver
there is good morning buddy
EB Ollie like raspberry oh you have to
get real scared in a second huh and
frisbees huh morning this is our Sunday
boy tasting the new amazing things cited
to start the day okay I'll take that as
a yes do I see this teething or I'm just
impressed by this every single time I
see it miss you did such a good job hon
do you like mommy's little creations and
now you can't bite on their cribs your
crib that cost your mommy and daddy lots
of money and we don't want you to
destroy he's so excited you guys what
the heck do you drink your morning
coffee is that what happen actually if
you guys want to know how many she did
this she will have a tutorial up on her
channel today I'll have it linked below
in the description so you guys can see
it the money did such a good job huh
alright we're up and starting our day I
got to get him dressed I'm gonna find
him an outfit and actually I didn't show
you guys this but I got this awesome
book in our peel box it's called the
dangerous book for boys let me go let me
know if you guys know about this but I
remember when I was on that podcast
interview for the Chris Cerrone show and
we talked about YouTube and stuff well
apparently he loves the interview so
much he was telling me about this book
the dangerous book for boys and so he
got it for me and I'm so excited it has
a lot of really cool things it's got
like fossils how to play stickball how
to tie knots let's see like little like
safety health stuff star maps like
really cool stuff that Oliver when he's
older we can go through and have a ton
of fun look he's trying to open his joys
like I just want to get dressed dad
there we go you're all dressed and ready
for the day
woo now Missy I'm gonna give you this
camera
promised not to leave it anywhere
especially it but really far away okay
fine
that wasn't it was a miscommunication I
didn't leave it anywhere you just wanted
me to drive an hour to the beach last
night yes I needed a break from him so I
got two hours of it all to myself it was
very nice
oh good morning guys I'm getting really
excited / very very nervous for this
Florida trip I don't know if you guys
know this but we're getting on a plane
on Thursday really super early in the
morning and we're flying five hours on a
plane with Oliver luckily if you guys
don't know I'm taking my sister on just
because one she really wanted to go and
also I thought you know I could probably
use the help and we might be doing a lot
of like business things but also just
you know gonna be out and about a lot
and it might just be nice to have like a
third person to help us out we're gonna
have a ton of fun there is a three-hour
difference I am worried about that - I'm
so excited we finally got the schedule
and I knew I was going to be on a panel
but I had no idea that I was gonna be on
a panel with my buddy Austin yeah
shaycarl and Charles and Ally trippy so
if you guys are going to play list a go
to the panel I think what's it called
like families on YouTube yeah and I'm
gonna be on a panel with all these fine
people it's just crazy like how we how
far we've come you know like we've come
from watching these people to now I'll
be like doing a businessman old um
 yeah we're really excited about
that hi honey table this is my appetizer
Ilana's yeah I love this I just love
cuddling yeah I know
no I'm just holding him so warm and he's
slightly trying to break free and punch
me in the face at the same time yeah I'm
holding him so yeah he looks super happy
what's in his ear Missy sand you got
sand in his ear I saw they got until
last night but oh dude yeah sit here
let's see it you see obviously I'm
you see on the scene in his ear there
you go sure he likes that Oh what you
got your mayor max this is mayor max
he's the mayor of Idlewild and Oliver
loves him
here's a tip if you get pancake at IHOP
I got chocolate chip pancakes and I get
whipped cream instead of syrup but you
have to order a 1/2 stack because if you
get four pancakes the whipped cream does
not distribute enough so I only get two
little ones because the whipped cream is
important okay
my little munchkins up and Karma's gonna
go get him a good nollie say good
morning Holly good Murray Oliver hey hey
you hey yo can I just like bride really
quick he has been the best mapper today
he went to bed this morning and had a
nice long nap just had another nice
little nap she's been so good and I'm
gonna screw it all up in Florida for the
first time
don't judge me Ryan needs a haircut it's
really bad you guys we're gonna like cry
it really is we're gonna get a haircut
and I'm also gonna look for maybe a
different black dress the one I guys a
little hey boo the one she got was good
assessment here I fade this is what a
sexy but it would be a little too sexy I
really know but I just I don't know if
it fits me properly so I'm gonna
probably look for a different one just
you know have you go shopping a little
bit I got my sis yeah how we go shopping
we're going down hold it hold it don't
you love it don't move it why you so
awkward Missy why you so awkward
there's like this weird spaceship thing
over here that people are getting in
come over miss looks so cool
gyro extreme
these are two very brave souls no matter
what happened likes little photo kappa
take zero point whoop
you wanna get in there I would he'll
look at that stairs oh my gosh that's
how you lose brain cells oh my gosh now
they're upside down these poor kids
we're in the Disney Store
while Brian's getting his hair cut and
decided to come hang out here
do something song is so cool so cool I
just got out of my haircut and it feels
so much better so much nicer for
plateless but I got I gotta find Missy
and I think she's looking for another
little black dress where some of the
head over to what CL soup she's got very
magical in the Disney Store be the good
girl you always have to be let it go
let it go how did I get
let it go let it go true
okay so where our did you know the
entire malls like shutting down right
now
yeah they're closing like everything
where are you though I kept fine my life
okay I'm headed that she's at the Disney
Store file all of our dating is toes
those girls things are hard out so cute
I found you what's up buddy
you didn't find no goodies in the Disney
Store
you got your Posse that's gonna fall on
the ground real fast did you find a
little black dress Missy how many times
you want to go shopping we leave on
Thursday she doesn't know she had that
scene for three days you have three days
do you know that I know I know oh my god
I know he's got two girls in there now
nobody Polliwog is it time for your bath
time she loves bath time you guys it's
becoming such a big part of his routines
you know yeah look at this music now
yeah
scooping that out of the bill wooden
food yeah oh yeah make it off scoffing
are actually bathing in like lotion you
know that right yeah
makes me look hot he's had a good dinner
yeah I should start sit down big
meetings where were you each like so
much he had breakfast lunch and dinner
they furrow all solid food way to go
buddy
give me five good but three five good
night my buddy give me five there you go
you gave me four of this finger so
that's count make sure you get that sand
out of his ear Missy you look sad in his
ear from last night anyway we're gonna
have a bath we got chicken wings in the
oven we're so we're gonna need some
dinner and call it a night but I hope
you guys enjoyed today's vlog hey I just
want to say thank you guys so much for
all your support
Oh disaster is he okay he tries to climb
out of the tub now it's crazy he's
soaking wet alright guys we gotta go
thumbs up to wishes luck and we'll see
you tomorrow
so happy to get his picture god I guess
allow me
you're gonna be a star buddy you already
