good morning you guys today we are going
to the beach and Oliver needs a hat but
all these hats are way too big so Missy
is totally owned in this sewing machine
know this over and it'll be fine cuz I
can just take the stitch out once it's
on see doesn't fit in a smaller size we
use kind of hard do not sew your hand
babe you always cut your hand all the
time oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh my
gosh my guys that was really close to
her hand you guys oh my gosh amazing
things boom look at that man
oh you get on the side that's a good
idea yes stretchy the back stretchy so
yeah hopefully listen fits him why is
there a trash can on the table karma
karma you get all anxious when we're
gone and then you go through the trash
well down we put it on what if he still
gets in the trash even if it's on the
dining room table okay I'm not even
kidding guys I did not even touch that
and it's going off it's demonic okay why
are you shushing me was barely going in
there to wake him up
hi baby
well I'm gonna go to the beach today
okay gonna go to the beach let's go get
away I say what I gotta say
oli is just like his daddy giant drool
spot right where he was sleeping we're
going to the beach so naturally we need
to take everything we've ever owned in
the history of our lives ever prepared
in case we need to stay the night on the
beach hey buddy are you ready to go have
fun and play with seagull that better
always getting a little impatient with
the drive so we're letting him have a
little water really likes water it's
been funny uncle Jimmy's given him some
water and kind of funny dog I don't know
if he might be getting a little bit
carsick he'll be fine in the car the
home said he's just like done and of
course he could just be like done or
maybe he's sitting like a little carsick
I'm not really sure he's getting
nauseous if I'm not driving yeah
even if I'm in the passenger side in the
front seat I get nauseous just having
some water kind of like helps we made
that to the beach this is Oceanside Pier
that's actually where we filmed the hey
girl music video for Nelson at the helm
do you guys remember that that was so
cool if you guys haven't seen that I'll
put a link below in the description but
it is looking busy there's actually a
lot of people in the water too okay we
need to get one of these these good
bicycle things all he's excited that
we're here just kidding it's a wall
mural that trick to you guys all right
you guys so this is our view for the day
you got here the feed you got Mimi and
Papa little Holly in this tank hey kiddo
Hey and all he's trying to stand up in
this day normally has walls they just
grab on to and stand up on hi this is
Ali's first time feeling sand
try and keep their hands off it's not
cool
don't put it your mouth
dandas overrated it's just a bunch of
tiny rocks
can I take a trip down to the water he's
gonna put his feet in landing on you
little rocky over on this side of the
pier but
come on Ali the water is freezing cold
you guys sure it's got a little wet hmm
that's cold huh I complaining huh
I saw this buddy boats on the internet
about throwing your kid and I was like
what the dad sees you know and he's like
throwing the kid like barely above them
and then like what the kid sees and it's
a little bit higher and I was like what
the mom sees and it's like a mile above
actually what I was thinking as he was
throwing about I'm like yeah that's
really high he does this thing called
sand crab huh and where she puts her
fingers in the water they're usually
baked so nice I hear you guys taking a
baby to the beach it's just the hole to
be able to like do something like that
you know but if you like grows up to be
like a surfer and he's like come down to
the beach when you serve
Wow they're babies
you ever see them that small that's
friend small like maybe they're born in
the spring and then we're by the time we
see them in the summer they're big yeah
take a moment to appreciate this guy's
epic setup he's got going on
he's got headphones he's got his little
like do you see he's got little like a
little switch controller on his belt and
the thing to scoop it up he's gonna find
someone's diamond ring babe he's gonna
find it today whose good stuff at the
beach yeah be a bumpy ride now okay we
got his ride and we're headed to the end
of the pier if Missy has to have chicken
strips from rubies they're like a maze
at night
it's a helicopter pelicans got paparazzi
all this is his pier we just walk on it
waiting for a table there rubies and
we're getting this guy baby asleep we
can eat like normal people just ate and
now we got shakes
I got a st. Patrick's Day one so it's
got little leprechauns they just rounded
up a bunch of leprechauns and put them
on my shake that's what happened true
story you guys know it's not it's just
meant but I always get mrs. cherry cuz
she don't like cherry do you like real
cherries oh do you like cherries
these are like better than militaries
you see that big fish he said croaker a
croaker is that a fish today that
character character caricature Stan
Jonathan here so Oliver's and his
character drew done
so happy to get his picture John I guess
huh
like me
you're gonna be a star buddy you already
are star oh that's you my turn now so
don't look at that monkey
that's so baller and this is cam by the
way if you guys want to go check out his
website I will link it below in the
description but he does awesome work
look at that monkey babe lay tail holy
crap you guys so something crazy just
happened it's just like changed my whole
night how did you guys know we went to
the beach today a little over an hour
drive away
we met Missy's parents there because
they actually took a little vacation and
they were there for a couple days and so
we met them there but we went to go at
Ruby's we left all our stuff on the
beach with her parents they were very
hot and exhausted because they had been
there already for like six hours and so
they were just gonna go and apparently
Missy was under the impression that they
took all our stuff with them brought it
home so that we wouldn't have to go back
to the beach and grab it all it
literally was just walking down the
stairs and I was like hey Missy where's
your camera I need to you know edit the
vlog and then her mom says oh that's in
your bag it was on the beach we didn't
get it we didn't get the bag on the
beach so it is 8 o'clock at night and
I'm basically racing to the beach gonna
see if our stuff is still there I'm
really frustrated because it's I got to
it's been over a two hour drive round
trip and it's so late I don't even know
if it's gonna be there so I'm trying not
to freak out I'm trying to just be calm
and just say you know I'll get there in
an hour
people still hang out at the beach after
9 o'clock I'm sure it'll be there right
one
I'm back at the beach and I'm headed
back over to where our stuff was there's
a lot of people here so hopefully they
just let it be oh oh my gosh you guys
everything's here I'm freaking out this
is awesome yeah so amongst all this
partying and having fun was all our crap
just sitting there but I'm so grateful
oh my gosh you guys I am so glad that
everything was still there that was so
nerve-racking and honestly you know the
whole way I was just like just trust in
God that whatever happens happens
and it was all there and I'm just so
thankful I'm like beyond thankful I
would have been so mad look at this
picture that Missy took of Oliver and I
today at the beach like if I had lost
that that's something that I would like
I would never be able to get that back
you know where all the footage that we
took today if I'm at the beach wow that
was just so important relieved that we
got it so thumbs up for that you guys
I've got a long drive ahead of me I got
to go home but I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog we will see you guys
tomorrow
holy crap you guys that was an insane
night I still cannot believe all our
stuff was there that was just kind of
one of those things where I'm like thank
God I was thinking about this on the way
home like you can always buy another
camera you know but all those moments
that you're actually gonna capture using
it are totally like irreplaceable and
priceless and I'm just so happy that we
were actually able to keep that footage
of Oliver like getting into the ocean
for the first time because that would
have sucked if we wouldn't have gotten
that it was just such an important
moment in his life I think anybody say
anything you want to say about the
situation I will say that as we were
leaving the pier we actually me my
brother actually saw the stuff on the
beach we he actually said is that our
stuff and I said oh no mom and dad
already got it but that looks like it
that's kind of funny oh my gosh and he
even said well isn't that where we sat I
said oh no that's just like a few spots
down but that's I was like wow that's
crazy they have the same tent as us and
then we just kept walking I should have
thought about it life lesson you guys
trust your gut trust your instinct and
if you ever go to the beach check the
sand make sure you don't lose anything
so silly my mom felt so
but it's not it was total
miscommunication this generation I still
love you thank you for making me think
anyway hey also you guys really exciting
I totally forgot to mention this but one
year ago today was the first time I felt
Oliver move in Macy's belly it's a
really cool vlog so if you click that
you're one button at the end slate or in
the description below you guys can watch
that and see what we were doing one year
ago thank you guys for watching we'll
see you tomorrow if Maisie doesn't lose
all of our cameras between this time and
tomorrow she's glaring at me okay bye
