who is that cute little baby good
morning boy he's gonna do amazing things
I am feeding all these limb wreckfish
open up Oh nom nom nom nom nom
Missy told me that there was a mill in
there that she had made i'm cuz she's
been making this really good like
natural oatmeal that okay hang on
disaster hang on no thank you
um but i kind of face i just mashed up a
banana Oh
normally we mix this with a little bit
of um still cut oats still got all cha
cha cha cha cha cha cha too - hey guys
so I'll he just woke up from his Nana
let's see how he's doing
look at those eyes look at those eyes
he's like I just woke up alright send us
off hi
I love you you're so cute but you had to
look at that raccoon you got a raccoon
and a monkey and Caterpillar and more
monkeys what do you think of that
he wants it look I'm up here oh hello
say good morning to mr. ollie
check out the farmers market here in
town I'm looking for some good fruits
and vegetables for Ollie to cook up
I got hummus I love hummus and these
places are the best place for hummus
because you literally try every single
one of it and he was like ready but he
also got me this 3 layer it's pesto feta
and sun-dried tomato so freaking good we
are at IHOP with Cassie and Gemma and
Ollie we decided to bring him
but yeah he's like thanks for bringing
me something in front of them put it in
your mouth come on it's a little thingy
you could do it put it in your mouth is
he trying to crush it as hard as he can
he's like trying to destroy it he's a
little monster you can do it put it in
your mouth uh-oh Oh mom
Oh mouse I think he has it in his hand
and he's putting his finger yeah he puts
everything in his mouth except for food
I don't get it you did it did you do it
let's see it
I'm vining again if you guys don't know
what vine is you guys should go download
it and follow me I'm trying to do a
funny vine every day and it's really fun
I think it's like it's like different
outlet than like Twitter you know what I
mean
so I just did this one youtubers Bo
there we go go follow me on vine I'll
have a link below in the description
it's just been so fun I did this funny
one coming on me throw that you don't
want me to throw it do you do you want
me to throw it
alright ready good it's so flippin
beautiful out here you guys so 1 2 come
out here and play with Karma but also
talk to you guys oh look at this I got
I'm all up in that jelly bean swag but I
kind of actually wanted to talk to you
guys I know yesterday I said that we
were going to be telling you guys about
something so a lot of you guys know that
I grew up without a dad and it was fine
I was mostly raised by my mom and my
sister and they were awesome it's always
been one of those things where I didn't
really notice it growing up just cuz I
didn't know any I didn't know any
different
Missy and I have always been really
curious um and her I think more so than
me I don't really care but I guess it's
still pretty interesting karma come on
I'm trying to have a deep conversation
here look recently she's been wanting to
kind of look for him I know I know
nothing about this guy except for his
name I know what high school he went to
and I I know what year he graduated
because it's the same year as my aunt
and I've seen one senior picture of him
and that's all we don't really have a
whole lot to go off of and I know a lot
of family friends kind of know like of
him and maybe like they know of his
location five years ago I'm not sure if
he has another family heard he has other
kids
so potentially I could have brothers and
sisters I don't know it's it's really
weird for me it's kind of weird to talk
about but I don't know I think Missy and
I are actually gonna try in and look for
him and I think I'm just curious to see
like what does he look like does he have
good hair does he have good genes I
don't think I would ever really have a
relationship with this guy or his family
but I mean I don't know you never know
about things like that you know what I
mean I told my mom yesterday that I I
really wanted to look for him and she's
kind of weary about it and I mean I can
understand that why she would probably
be a little hesitant but I think we want
to and so she actually sent me a link to
a facebook profile and we kind of think
that it's him there's not a lot a whole
lot of clear pictures up in the one
picture he has really young kind of too
young to be my dad I think he'd be about
50 years old so we're not sure if that's
him but we're just gonna go off it and
and see what happens and and we'll take
you guys along for the ride you know
kind of a weird thing for me to open up
about just cuz I don't know it's weird
to me I was just always one of those
kids who grew up without a dad you know
so I didn't know really what it was
supposed to be like do you guys have
experience with this I would love to
know in the comments below like finding
a lost family member if there's like a
website you used or a person you use or
something that could lead us in the
right direction to give us answers
that really cool see I think right now
the best thing to do is just look for
facts and figure out what we actually
know about him and if we can find out
anything else about him that could
potentially lead us to him and I mean
also trying to figure out a way to not
scare him because I know he knows about
me but I think from his side it'd be
very weird if someone just showed up and
said hey I'm your son you know what I
mean at least it'd be weird for me we
have to be very tactful about stuff like
this let me throw this again Wow
all right so we are going to attempt to
call a family member of who we think
might possibly be his dad but we found a
phone number and we're gonna try and
call and see Tommy's way off on us
it's gonna be weird cuz you have to like
be like hi um hmm I might be a family
member do you have a brother who has an
illegitimate son
hi is this Sheila hi Sheila is Mike
available
thank you hi Mike my name is Brian and I
actually live in Southern California um
this might be a weird phone call but I'm
currently on the search for a long-lost
family member I'm searching for
basically my birth father and she
believes that you could somehow have a
relation to him I know this is
completely out of the blue and it may be
like totally like what's going on um but
I was just wondering if I could ask you
today yes yes now do you have a son
named Jeff that's your son right yeah
okay do you know did they all go to high
school in Minnesota
so they had no connection to like a high
school in San Diego so yeah it
definitely wouldn't be the man in the
picture basically yeah I mean I know his
name
I know roughly how old he is yeah well I
really appreciate you just talking to me
and answering questions I know I know
it's kind of a weird it's kind of a
weird thing but I appreciate it at least
I know that this is a dead end thank you
take care okay so it's not that guy I
think we've hit a dead end there I don't
think that what we were looking at with
all it wasn't it was no no connection
whatsoever I wasn't I don't think I I
mean it would have been amazing if the
first lead we had yes yeah so I wasn't
really expecting get out anything out of
it I mean I went through the white pages
and I called everyone who has his name
and was in the location and stuff and we
had one there was allowed to talk to a
guy who was in California and was
roughly around the same age same name
and I called him and he was kind of
really short and I was just like hey I'm
looking for so-and-so I mean he's like
okay what do you need and I'm like I'm
looking for someone so who went to this
high school and then he said not me and
then I said okay thank you bye and I'm
kind of thinking like what if that was
him yeah you know what I mean like if
you don't know if what this guy's
history is and what if he is hiding and
doesn't really want to be I mean I don't
know you know what to say to these
people like I'm telling I'm like I'm
looking for a lost family member you
know what I mean
like trying but I don't know if that's
like too broad and they're like oh
that's what like a collector would say
or something
yeah yeah we're actually headed to
target I am returning these really cute
shelves that I bought for always room I
love them I think they're like just like
really nice I'm gonna put like cute
little knickknacks on him but one of the
like she'll do like this one having a
big ol stupid scratch on it and I was
like on it right I think so tarjay hello
dust people someone took the liberty of
ready that's pretty bad though it's
really dusty it's hanging on a shelf
Missy's going through these boxes that
one okay that one have mixing it to
little ones like I'm taking them back
yeah look Missy we start our own dentist
at home
it's a Waterpik foster can you imagine
using this again do people use these
really but they're really fun I just
needed a new toothbrush though and I
always liked hard bristle sorry I'm
totally boring you face bowring adult
things borrowing a dope things are you
trying to escape yes yes
oh good morning my name's Olly no chubby
cheeks so cuing sleeps all right buddy
oh oh no oh no we're playing a game
white I'm gonna get Holly
Oh
Oh
now he's like what you doing but I made
it I made it in the taxi moment he's
like a fly to the light
all right you guys Oliver just had his
bath and now Missy is putting him down
to sleep but I hope you guys enjoy
today's video guys didn't know it's
Monday so there's a new video on
youtube.com slash baby League I'll have
the link below in the description
we did a look who's vlogging this week
and it was about travel and we filmed a
bunch of cool travel stuff while we were
coming home from Florida up Oliver and
it's really cool so go check it out
click the thumbs up button let's see if
we can get that video to 3,000 likes I
know we did it before we can do it again
if you guys can do it that would be
awesome so go check it out please I'll
have a link below in the description
click thumbs up if you enjoyed this
video and subscribe to our Channel put
up videos every single day and I guess
you guys are sort of gonna be following
my journey of looking for my real dad
because I'm not giving up so we'll see
you guys tomorrow
bye good no I was just not many more
days ago I don't know I'm just saying I
really hope I'm not pregnant
oh my gosh I was just gonna say you know
timing are you are you feminine oh are
you are you Shaina no but your mom's are
the same thing though I walk downstairs
and I was like I'm situation you better
be pregnant I was so paranoid not that
if I would pregnant be the worst thing
ever but I wouldn't we really need to
like do
