thank you oh hey buddy Donna Donna Donna
Donna Donna we like torturing our kid in
the morning
I think I think for the bum very nice of
you this is our tiny baby boy he's going
to do amazing things yesterday if you
guys didn't see we actually put up a
Facebook of that page because when we're
in Orlando we're going to be doing a
meet-up so if you guys are in the
Orlando Florida area click the link in
the description and it'll have the RSVP
link so you guys can tell us you're
going if you're going please let us know
you're going by RSVP'ing to that
Facebook event what kiddo hey Ollie
where are your pants like a movie
reference all day every day have you
seen where are my pants last night
classic episode oh yeah we're gonna be
in Orlando we're really excited I know a
lot of people can't go to playlist so we
wanted to do the Meetup and we're
actually going to be doing it with the
Knowles the night Knowles we had
actually plan to do a meet-up together
but we weren't sure if we were actually
going to be able to make it to the
Meetup but we are now so come hang out
with us and Ollie will be there and all
his toys are you gonna bring every
single toy to Orlando Florida so all
your friends can play with you good
morning guys I've gotta lie down for his
first nap he's sleeping away um and I'm
going to try and work on my little
project my sewing I'm really enjoying
getting back into sewing I was doing it
a little over a year ago like a ton I
was like making all these things and but
then I just I got print while I was
pregnant and it became really
uncomfortable to like sit in this
position like sitting and sewing he's it
the baby would are like Ollie would like
Jam into my ribs and so really I was
just like I can't do it anymore I have
to take break um and now I don't have a
baby my belly and I can kind of so
except now I'm kind of fighting time you
know I never feel like I can just like
sit down and concentrate on a project
for a long period of time because
obviously I have a baby and so I've been
trying to just designate more time plus
I'm actually working on stuff for Ali's
room so it's just been really fun though
like get back in find a little project I
can't wait to show you guys what I'm
doing and what it looks like and stuff
everything's still such a mess from last
time I was sewing don't you like just
kind of recut urban my I'm also like
struggling with space I don't
really have anywhere to sew so I've been
doing it on the kitchen table which is
hard because when you're crafting I get
to take lots of breaks and you kid
you can't necessarily like put it all
away and bring it all out every single
time really enjoying him having a lot of
fun what do you think should I make you
a sweater do you want a doggy sweater
he's a new thank you what are you
looking for you just totally open this
like um there's something in there for
me I don't think so I am so beyond
annoyed you guys I've been trying to do
this video for two days okay so I'm
doing a video on my phone right and I
use this app on my computer called
reflector and it basically turns my
computer into like an airplay device so
I airplay my phone to a nice screen
mirror and then it records it and stuff
and I finally got to do it got it to go
through a whole playthrough without it
crashing on the stupid app and then I
got the coolest video for you guys and I
went to save it and then it was like
cannot save and then the application
quit I was like are you kidding me like
I don't know what to do because it's
kind of one of those things where like
you need like your first reaction and it
was like really cool and so just like
frustrated because I've literally been
trying to do it for three days now I'd
like to have everything set up I did the
video perfectly and it one safe so that
sucks so I'm pretty much in kind of like
a crappy mood now and so I'm gonna eat a
burrito so any burritos I feel a lot
better by myself I'm still loving these
evil burritos oh I just noticed it's
chicken I meant to grab the steak one
steak ones are way better but I like
chicken whatever these are really good
and they're really big so what I do is I
microwave them and then I put them in
our new little toaster oven to make the
outside like all crispy and Namie and
nine oh yeah check us out you guys fresh
strawberries as well what's a good one
what's a good one
this one looks good there okay around
the summer time like June July August
are so stinking good but still pretty
good
lollipop hey Ollie pop did you just wake
up oh hey look what you woke up - what's
on your crib right now okay he's
everything onto it it's staying pretty
good
Missy made this you guys she like legit
like cut fabric and so did and he
stuffed it and stuff yeah so this is a
crib teething garden we know we wanted
to get one of these but on Etsy they're
like 80 bucks and at byebye baby
they're like 150 if you want like a nice
normal yeah
and we don't want to get just a white
one because they get dirty so Missy made
this awesome stop out of this fabric and
it's got just like a basic brown fat or
gonna mean and it's got these little
ribbons to tie it on yeah and it
actually is reversible and worker so
we're like the other pattern oh yeah the
other pattern si things like this if you
want to switch it be cool how'd you do
these set this side yeah um but it'll be
easier since you did this whole thing
yeah I feel like I have like some idea
like what I want to change and do
differently but yeah but it looks good
and now Ollie can chew on it and nothing
will happen
break our day you won't ruin the nice
crib we bought you huh buy you a cheap
slept like 3 hours 3 hours dang alright
guys we are doing officially boring
adult things special edition with Kathy
oh and Ali's really 9 the whole boring
adult things right now but we're in now
the car really soon were actually headed
to the mall we got to do a couple things
do it now you do it
you do it there's a new game we made up
you put your nose to the door
so that's anyone standing there it's
super awkward when it opens how's he
want to do it no one's there no she got
stopped by the wetzel pretzel sample
person and found a new love for almond
crunch Wetzel's pretzels yeah they're
really good and then I ate out like I
need it hold it hold it
oh that dude got open you're good Oh
Cassie you're chicken now oh my gosh
what's that that a mirror you could do
miracles
find ways to amuse herself as mami shops
look at this now we're ready for Florida
that's what they were in Florida right
yeah they were all these every single
person in Florida where self everyone
there's always like this person doing
this huge bubble machine here ooh what
do you think he's like and cuddles look
at all those Oh Ally you cannot drive
you've been drinking ha ha ha ha see
baby drinking and driving right here hey
I just came to pick up Jimmy
us we could head to dinner and misty
gave him a snack and now he thinks he's
gonna drive away in the car probably
like his daddy he's probably a good
driver hmm
come on ollie Jimmy's got some dope
stacking going on here what are we doing
TP TP can we do it
ohh ohh it's not gonna work to me sorry
you're not an architect that was kind of
a mini disaster but we made it through
we're alive right oh look at mommy
wrapping you up definitely getting to
the time where he is going to bed so he
was pretty much cranky the entire time
but now he's happy now that we're
outside you see some fresh air sometimes
babies just need fresh air you guys I'm
saying luckily talking to us are you
sure the whole blanket thing is not
working for us you could just put it on
there and then have it say that'd be
great
someone just had a pop and now they're
all cute in this awesome bathrobe and
matching slippers same kid you got it
going on uh-huh yes
monkey Jessica thank you today on Friday
I'm sending out the next newsletter so
if you guys aren't subscribed I will put
a link below in the description so you
guys can subscribe and basically what we
do is we just put together these really
awesome newsletters
that have a little message you know
talking about what we've done some cool
stuff to look forward to stuff like that
so if you guys want to check that out
I'll have a link below in the
description and we want to use the
newsletter to sort of be more personal
with you guys and just we're going to be
featuring some of you like if you send
us stuff we want to be able to thank you
we're going to be doing it on there from
now on it's just really cool something
different that we've been trying and
something that I haven't seen a lot of
youtubers do and so I just kind of want
to do something you know a little more
personal yeah I'm gonna head and end the
vlog Missy is wrestling with a hole for
right now trying to put a diaper on him
and he's like no uh-uh
anyway I give the vlog a thumbs up we'll
see you guys tomorrow bye big boy
ballerinas were all look like huh the
good standing oh I got you there just
like so I got all lay down for his
second nap and it was just a peanut
butter and jelly kind of day so I'm here
myself feeling jelly I'm not you guys
make it but I put a lot of peanut butter
in there look at that
just a tiny bit of joy I feel like the
jelly is just like a moist nur for the
peanut
