my knee maybe that's my oh my he says
good morning my car I said good morning
to you see karma okay keep your finger
I think some of those K this is our son
baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things
hey it's a miracle my Drobo is all
finished with its data protection thingy
all four green lights that's what's up
and this is my capacity so it was all
the way over here and I have like four
more lights yay and I have 1.86
terabytes of free data left what's up
anyway what's up you guys hey how's it
going he's supposed to take a nap he's
not we got tons to do today so this is
gonna definitely throw us off I'm a
little bummed we just don't feel like
sleeping he did so good last night he
slept basically eight hours till 9:00
a.m. which gosh that is lucky like I'm
like are you kidding me I'm sky to sleep
toll nine that's crazy that just seems
to be his new schedule he's done nine
o'clock like four nights in a row now oh
oh yeah yeah oh yeah here you want mommy
you get something some clothes gonna get
you in some clothes so I was just
calling our hotel for playlist live
which is coming up any days and the
Missy's like you have to see their pool
right so I'm going through photos
completely flabbergasted that this is
where we get to say so you outside
cabanas look at this pool you guys yeah
that's a waterslide and they have like
this under thing with the waterfalls and
stuff and I can you believe that I'm so
glad we have them in lessons because
we'll get to like float out there with
them you know what I mean I know I
should really go I'm Cali buy him
something to sit in with like umbrellas
oh that's cool so yeah I'm going through
pictures of our hotel and I'm like oh my
gosh
I'm just getting so excited for playlist
you guys like just to get to see some of
you there and I'm excited for my panel
and actually excited because we're going
to a state I've never been to yeah yeah
and we're gonna get to like meet : and
Katie and hang out with the nulls and
meet a bunch of youtuber friends and
you're so excited you're so happy right
now
today's open swim for a little Ollie pop
or Ollie walk has his swimmer name is
I'm not sure how much open swim we're
actually gonna doing because Missy's
gonna film a video for her channel sort
of about you know going to the swim
school and like safety because a lot of
people have been really curious about it
so happy Susan he's in a bad mood
I just came about and he'll be happy
that's hot something yeah and I used to
when he was a baby a newborn I was in
the bed and I would just like go like
this with him for all the time and he
loved it that's so good whoa does suck
up water he recovers super quick yeah it
was just good Billy L knees ever pride
got scrum it which I just think it's
funny that's crazy
but cute like when parents you even put
them under water and they jerk them up
too fast I'll sum up water or like that
other little things too it's like if
you're called and you come up and
they're copying a water if you're like
clapping son then they're totally
finally they're like a game and stuff
like you want to give them a second or
cover yeah yeah you're doing so good he
just loves the water huh yeah really
well you're one of my most comfortable
little ones four-hitter kick Oh joke you
guys we have the Hulk for a baby look at
that look at it what is that oh you're
holding on to the door of your Walker
he's seriously ripped it right off what
the hey bro let's put that back shall we
okay he really had to like pull on that
on you ready come on stand up did it
like a big boy little ballerina twirl
looks like huh the Constanta oh I got
you saved his life so I got all lay down
for his second nap and it was just a
peanut butter and jelly kind of day so I
made myself feeling jelly I don't know
how you guys make it but I put a lot of
peanut butter in there look at that and
just a tiny bit of jelly I feel like the
jelly is just like a moist nur for the
peanut butter I really have not like a
huge treat order fan when it comes to my
Peter and jelly I need lots of peanut
butter and a nice tall glass of milk
cold milk so you guys know we do how
many videos a week 13 Wow 12 we do 12
videos a week which okay
I'm just gonna ask does anyone else know
of any of the youtubers that does 12
videos a week yeah that's a lot that's a
lot of dedication right there just like
I have my own channel I want to do my
thing miss he wants to do her thing and
then we got the daily going on I don't
know you guys are curious how youtubers
stay organized this is it right here
this is like our lifeline I'm doing this
for months and it yeah I mean we were
doing as soon as he was born Missy was
put in three videos a week on her
channel for like seven months straight
Dustin recently did you move to - yeah
no and this is seriously how we stay
organized so we have this awesome
calendar and this could be for anyone
whether you're a youtuber or not if
you're just like this is how what
motivates us and what keeps us on
schedule
obviously these are Brian's are in the
green minor and the pink and so this is
the schedule of when videos are coming
out whenever we get ideas because we get
like inspiration every once while we put
them here yes we have some ideas there
and then we have our scribe list which
is when we're gonna film because we
can't film them obviously the day they
come out we got to film them a few days
before that yeah so this is our entire
to-do list of everything we need to film
for about half the month and this cam
it's a little we've like smashed it
because we have playlists coming out on
20th yeah that's so these past couple
days cuz we literally have to film two
weeks of videos in like this week yeah
and normally I feel like a youtuber
would be like whatever just no videos
that week but we're dedicated we want to
make we want to keep making videos so
this is like pretty much the only thing
that keeps the same I think that's one
thing is like we really tried if we
commit to something we really try and
stick to it so if you guys ever feel
like you need a way to stay organized
buy yourself a calendar right on it come
up with ways to like categorize your
life you know what I mean and if you
guys have any other organizational tips
let me know in the comments how you stay
organized or what keeps you motivated
but definitely like lists and schedules
keep me organized we ended up just
returning the bubble machine it just
didn't work everyone in the comments was
like it doesn't work yeah after reading
almost all the comments I feel like
everyone was like yeah I got that didn't
work now I'm actually trying to find a
bathing suit that I like and that's cute
that I can work play this because like
you said now that we saw that
I'm gonna be going swimming so I'm
pretty much excited about that but I do
want to say look at this okay it's not
bright out but there's some quite a bit
of light out there in a little sock boom
yeah it's like awesome I love it when
this goodness happens when like the
light is out
welcome to in Idaho the light isn't that
we still have light until like 10 yeah
when we were kids like teenagers we
would literally be out till 9:30 or 10
and that would still be light out like
my mom could not say come home when it's
dark or be home before it's dark I
wouldn't be home till 10:00
give me all right thank you Mark oh oh
oh you caught me again ah okay okay so
give it to bait know how I carry him all
the time yeah he likes it so you like
are you flying beauty that fun I lost my
wife and I always find her at the baby
stuff
oh no I kidding
what are these things what is this let's
see these what what's a CD yeah I know
we don't use those anymore from the old
days I think it's cool that look Nick
Lachey made a lullaby album cuz he has a
son but I don't want Nick Lachey singing
to my kid you know what I mean we're
looking at these little baby food pouch
thingies because we're gonna be going to
Florida for like six days and we want it
to continue solid so we were looking at
these and trying to find the best one
now grab look at the Gerber organic
Gerber organic name the ingredients in
here organic apples are going to puree
and vitamin C they do add vitamin C your
acid this one isn't a bad one okay so
the ingredients are purees concentrate
as a sort of app a sorbic acid there's
just like a lot of stuff in it I just I
feel like I'm sure it's me apples if
it's a you know so we've been trying to
find one and it seems like the only ones
that you have everything that they
is this Peter Rabbit organic yeah this
one is squash the Apple and the
ingredients are organic carrot and
squash
simple I'm still a little nervous about
buying foods like this I don't know I'm
just kind of like I want it out I would
not eat this yeah yeah it makes me sad I
need to find something so that when
we're out it's not so easy it's not so
hard
hey Oliver let's see how much you cost
Oh a dollar 68 that's it
come here ollie crawl on your knees like
you just did no it is army crawling
still I swear I saw you do it he did
yeah he was on his knees and he did it
for like five crawls and I was like you
need to get it on camera mommy's getting
a bath ready for you you excited for
that bath he's a big boy back now to be
such a big boy he's gonna be one in like
five months almost four months
how about no how about you don't turn
one how about that how about that hey
guys sorry about the abrupt ending I
have been so busy today with this
brand-new look who's vlogging episode
the episode coming out on Monday is
gonna be really special because it's st.
Patrick's Day so even like working
really hard at trying to make it like
super super cool and I'm really excited
for you guys to see it I hope you guys
are enjoying these look who's blogging
episodes because we're putting a whole
lot of work into them and like a lot of
thought behind them and I know they're
completely different from anything that
we've ever done like with the vlogs or
Macy's channel on my channel but I
sincerely hope you guys are enjoying
that if you guys have not seen the last
episode it's insanely good it's probably
the best episode we've put out so far
and I'm just excited to do things like
this and if you guys did not see it
Maisie and I both put out not my arms
challenges on both of our channels and
they're so funny I literally I was
reading a comment today saying that they
had tears streaming down their face
because they were laughing so hard so I
will link both of them not my arms
challenge videos below but definitely go
watch them both because there
so funny watching Missy take out her
contacts with my arms is torture but
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog we are so stoked for playlist if
you guys are going to playlist let me
know if you live in Florida let me know
we're gonna set up a Facebook page so
you guys can RSVP to a to a meet-up in
Orlando or if you guys are in the
Orlando Florida area and you guys want
to come out and say hey we would love to
see you guys there so check that out in
the description thank you guys for
watching click thumbs up if you enjoyed
the video and we will see you guys
tomorrow tomorrow we'll see you tomorrow
your today it's today for us
tomorrow's today your tomorrow we'll see
you tomorrow
