good morning guys guess who slept all
night in his crib like a big boy this
kid did and now we're packing up the
co-sleeper like a boss this is like a
new turning point in your life you know
that think it'll last um yeah I think it
a lot I don't think he likes to sleep in
our room anymore I think he sleeps
nicely and they've been having some
trouble there
yeah I've been working on this for about
30 minutes now he's gonna do amazing
things
good morning guys so I'm off by myself
excuse the stroller back there my dad
had to put something in the very back
and so he was moving stuff around I
thought to do something a little bit
risky I'm really really nervous about it
some of you are gonna think I'm silly
some of you are gonna think oh that's
really a good idea but here we go
I've always complained sort of about my
area very white skin and I do like my
white skin it's kind of pretty in a way
I guess I just want a little tan I just
want a little one so I am going to go
down and get the Mystic Tan it's
actually on sale today which seems kind
of silly like a maybe you should spend
the money and not get it on sale but I'm
gonna go for it I'm a little bit nervous
about it because obviously there's you
know the chance that it can turn you
like orange and we are getting ready to
go to playlist live and if I look orange
gonna be funny
it's got time guy time gotta do man the
guy through oh oh
if you moments lay down let it play with
your monkey you ready buddy would you uh
you like the monkey huh this he is gone
to go get her tan on Mama's gonna tan
she's gonna get all tan and stuff in
that cool ah
so V in this little guy hanging out
oh hello giraffe oh hello tiger
how are you today oh I'm just grand well
that's great
do you see this little baby over here
he's quite cute yeah I mean he's pretty
cute I mean I am I've seen cuter no way
it's a cute baby on the end tonight
well yes I guess you have a point he
does sort of have those blue eyes and in
the hair and that round cheeks at all
like guys I get his baby in the world I
know that's what I was saying hi far
agreeance ha ha
let's all go kiss attack him well I did
it it was so nerve-racking I get
literally was so afraid that was going
Stan the wrong way it's like very
specific latest on the stand so that you
get like all the creases and edges and
make sure there's no like spots that's
not gonna beat and and I don't know how
it looks we have to wait like 4 to 6
hours til it like really starts to like
show but I went with like the lightest
color there is so maybe we may not even
see anything at all but that's what I
want I just want to do a test and then
maybe I'll go to the next level and if I
like it then we will see there is a
lizard in the house six-one him
clairebear did you bring in that lizard
freaking animal step on it I was going
with the monitor and stepped on oh my
gosh oh my god girl okay missing a tail
only it is missing a tail
hello mr. lizard okay calm down it's
okay I'm gonna get the lizard it's like
so stone like out of its mind mabe oh
yeah got it
I caught the lizard now it do we do hey
lizard is it alive
we're going to use a tax folder to put
under it there's nowhere else to go
you're gonna have to go up on a folder
there we go there we go again oh it is
dead enough oh he is so pissed now oh
this is so cool we're not gonna kill you
unlike that guy like I didn't kill you
either he just wanted to torture you and
then lay next to his prey feel safer now
he's got no tail oh my he's like poof
down I'll pick their tail
what it's not gonna run away so cool we
have lizards everywhere out here just
touch it just touch him get him to move
he won't run away otherwise take a
dinosaur go go look at that what
where's tell used to be okay it's fine
it's fine it's fine
we set the lizard for y'all as well so I
am currently cleaning off my mirror
because it has spit on it if you're
curious as to why it has spit on it then
I urge you to go watch the new video on
my channel that I'll have linked below
as things got messy there we go
boom I got a coupon I got a coupon I got
a coupon hey hey hey hey I was just
thinking about how Missy handed me this
coupon and she said hey go pick us up
some lunch and I was like you know we
use coupons for everything almost every
single purchase that we make if it's
like a big purchase like over a hundred
dollars we always find a way to use a
coupon even for like little things like
if Missy can find a coupon for something
she will be so ecstatic any chance we
get to really like save money or spend
less money we just find them and we use
them and it works anyone else does
anyone else like a coupon family like
they trying like if they go out to eat
like they only go out to eat if they
have a coupon or stuff like that I know
growing up like my grandma would have
one of those entertainment books and it
had all the coupons in it and she'd be
like where do you want to go get lunch
because I would go get lunch with my
grandma have
like I'll go look through the
entertainment book and I would look
through it and I would be like oh he'll
come on for this let's go there was
always funny because I always grew up
like with not a whole lot of money and
stuff and so we always had to use
coupons make it affordable for us egg
fried rice egg only for jus firecracker
chicken for me white rice for me and
crispy honey chicken for jus I was
telling them how we are using a coupon
and we like use coupons for everything
yeah and I crazy I just realized that
like while I was going to get lunch how
like almost everything we buy we find a
way to get a cheaper I'm like really
crazy about stuff like that I feel like
I want to deal on everything Bali is
still napping he slept the whole night
like what how many hours was that babe
like 12 hours friends about an hour hour
and a half and there was always about an
hour where it's like attempting to put
him back and so the wakes up he's like
alright I'm right the day yeah awliyas
waking up and he's got two little
friends to wake him up who is that
Bailey baby baby like in a cage like he
cut it oh they don't see Jay Kingi AC
and baby he loves her so much he's just
like yeah I know he wants to like touch
her give him kisses really you're so
pretty Bailey Bailey you're so pretty
ready he's got he's all mine you guys
remember when Bailey was like super tiny
if you go back to the vlogs like a year
ago we're like feeding her a bottle and
she's napping and now look at her she's
a little girl we are playing what what
are we playing um I'm the Lego the lego
movie everything is awesome
right but you want monkey boy what are
you doing
I have been working on my project today
I had um stolen some stuff up for Ali's
room really excited about it and I'm
gonna do a video about it and I'm also
gonna be doing a new nursery tour so
be on the lookout for that you little
minds good get over are you gonna go to
bed early tonight are you looking for
something the guy what can i grab over
here huh yeah he just had apples and
bananas for dinner he really enjoyed
them huh are you doing you being crazy
oh my goodness see this kid he just
you're so handsy I am actually at the
studio this is where I recorded mirrors
with my friend Emily and I'm actually
doing my own thing alone and I'm really
excited
these are beats by dre right and is this
the new one like the studio version yeah
they're sick
seriously the sound in these is amazing
Robert was showing me his YouTube
channel and I'm like freaking out at how
talented you are for real thank you he's
so talented you guys so guess what he's
using this thing and he's plugging it
into his phone and he's recording his
guitar and his vocals all on his iPhone
while someone is recording him on his
iPhone and he's putting these bad ass
videos together and look at this video
quality you guys it's like and it's like
inspired me I'm like I want to shoot a
video all on my iPhone but he's like
recording the vocals and doing
everything I was I thought I think
that's Sarah you guys have to go check
out his YouTube channel I'll have it
linked below subscribe to Robert he's
awesome he's been mixing all my stuff
working through me saying no I need to
redo that no I need to redo that no I
need to redo that fellas down link below
click it tell them to click it click it
I have retired mr. ducky would be calm
quacking why I Cameron were his name
bubbles that's his name I retired
bubbles um and now he's swimming in a
little bass got like about 2 3 inches of
water here and he actually just like
crawls all around the tub and it's so
cute he keeps his water out or his face
out of the water which is nice I think I
want to get some more um like little
toys and I'm even thinking about getting
that bubble machine I just think that's
so much fun I don't know if he would be
able to realize that there's bubbles in
the air and if you'd like it oh man I
just got home I was in the studio for
six hours and I came home to a very
unhappy wife are you mad at me no you're
not you love me yeah we're gonna go
ahead and end the
thank you guys so much for watching be
sure to go check out the not my arms
challenge on my channel I'll have
everything linked below
Oh skunk outside don't you hate that
click thumbs up if you guys enjoyed this
video and we'll see you tomorrow bye Oh
where's mama mama mama why were at
breakfast Olly was being a little bit
crazy like the friend was saying he's
kind of like screaming and stuff doesn't
mean that dolly was okay you literally
looked at the table next to resume like
spitting hey willows because you trying
to say something nice and then he had
food in his mouth isn't those manners
how you feel
