hey what's up kiddo you try to go out of
your crib just hop out come on come on
you can do it I believe in you you can
do anything you set your mind to oh
except that
my
I think I think the bomb very nice of
you
this is our son daily
the boy is going to do amazing things
no
big blue eyes pointy nose chasing mice
and digging holes alley and he's trying
to read you I can't read what you're
trying to tear the book good morning
guys today we are up and about and we're
actually going to the farmers market I
don't want to go there go to this one
for like ever but we just you know
haven't gone and now I'm really excited
because now that he's on solids I'm
going to buy him a bunch of organic
fruits and vegetables and I'm just going
to make like a ton I'm just gonna like
make a ton of stuff put it in the
freezer and then I can just grab it out
as I go what I've been doing lately is
just like making and let's say I make
them a sweet potato and then I just
freeze it and then he eats that every
night until the sweet potato is gone and
now I think I'm just gonna kind of
switch it up and he has like any kind of
vegetable fruit in the freezer that I
want to choose and I can just kind of
you know do whatever and it'll be
already made there's so many people here
thinking more than just farmers markets
going on uh yeah I think we missed the
farmers market and we're not
in this I don't know how you're gonna
get through
all right update that's not happening
there was way too many people there and
apparently it was the rod run so there's
like all these super old classy cars
that might be fun to actually go do but
there was no way we were parking there
and that's how will we do this yeah
we're there to get veggies and fruits
for this guy so about to find another
place but for now we're gonna run into
Hobby Lobby
this is Missy's favorite store he's like
oh yay from the car seat to the stroller
thank you so much you guys are awesome
look what we found you guys I love this
it says dream big little one and it's
like the colors are cool and the style
is cool and I like I want to put things
in his room that's gonna like inspire
him you know Oh playbook there's a cool
we're doing my critters and stuff but we
want to put messages around his room
that like he can always look at and be
inspired by now we're looking at letters
cuz we want to redo his name or maybe
just put a big oh now in school like all
oh well look at those ones it's so cool
you could get lost in the store you guys
and then but it's funny too because I
like walk around and I'm like wait we
have that oh hey we have that you know
like me with all these mirrors and I'm
like hey I'm having a good hair day yep
still having a good hair day yep still
having a good hair day yep still having
a good hair day
funny story whenever we go to Hobby
Lobby and if it's not on sale they
always have a 40% off coupon that you
can use on your phone but you can only
use one per order so we bought two
things and so making I both cut in
separate lines and we both had a
different card Brian adaptogenic yeah
yeah he's just like walk buyer like I
don't know this girl he's pudgy little
toes you guys this is like lemme put the
shoe on he's like I don't want to do
that yeah I'm having fun
tormenting parents huh my business
way too big it's a to know six to nine
months he's six to nine months okay be
huh he doesn't say in a shoe that big
well jeez kid and he's like a size two
they have these amazing flip-flops at
Carter's right now that are actually two
four six look at this okay these are so
cool I thought she said by to get six I
was like what oh like we don't need sex
okay this is pretty dope what have we
got him a hat Oh where's ollie
there he is where's Holly she does Beth
just don't know because he's not in a
mood to put anything on his feet he
kicked off his socks he won't let us put
on shoes yeah chill bro they're just
flip-flops they're Chloe got you on E
and these cool Sunday and I like him cuz
they're not they're like soft yeah like
a man great looking cool doesn't take
his son Gus yeah he does oh there you go
you like please our school here we go
cool guy ollie Oh and they're off we're
trying to teach him this is why you wear
sunglasses cuz you're it's bright and
uncomfortable maybe he'll put him on
himself maybe not
I got ollie in a little bed fortress
here he wanted to be up on the bed for
me oh he wants mater you want mater now
here was mater how cute is that
oh no you get this is a very thick
pillow it is a wall a fortress we're
keeping them up until 3:00 so he can
take his second habit three I know so
one of the comments was saying wow you
guys are really strict about sleeping
and the thing is when you have a kid you
have to be strict because kids need
schedules and they need routines
that's just what it takes to make him
happy so we have to be strict about it
and we have to be very good to be very
disciplined about it because you have to
take two naps try to make them wrong to
little over two hours and then you have
a happy baby bear quit go look are you
playing with mater
are you playing with mater from cars
he's never even seen cars all right it's
time to replace this Drobo well I'm not
replacing the Drobo this is my drove oh
it's got four hard drives in here this
is a two terabyte drive that is full
this is a 4 terabyte drive and these are
both 2 terabyte drives so this one is
full I think I have 40 gigabytes left ah
that's crazy so it's really cool about
the Drobo is that I eject this right
and all of my stuff is safe still
because it's spread out between all the
other drives so I'm gonna pull this one
out oh it's dusty it's really dusty all
right then I got my four terabytes here
you guys and soon this whole thing will
be full of four terabytes and it'll be a
16 terabyte drive and it when it's full
it's gonna be the saddest day ever I
don't know what I'm going to do that's
what I'm talking about my storage issue
that I got going on so it's cool if I
just stick this right in there just like
see you and now that it sees the new
drive if the new 4 terabyte drive it
starts this thing called data protection
where it spreads everything out with the
new drive so all my stuff will always be
safe if ever one of these things fails
can you imagine like if we did this for
10 years we have rooms filled with these
things we'd have like our own server
system going on we still having fun in
your little fortress bro a couple more
minutes ok alright it's all these
bedtime I ready for your nap really long
time that was really good though oh yeah
he's actually hasn't been to got to he's
just starting to get to that point where
put me to bed right a second look at
this the Brian is wearing a shirt and
not just a shirt a purple shirt it's
cool right what do you guys think purple
shirt I just didn't get the purple shirt
it's a purple
Missy purple is look it's a dark Justin
Bieber wears purple it's not that guy
but I don't know it's just purple it's
purple it's really really comfy look
courts are comfy - they look really like
yeah they make your butt look good
hey play is gonna play okay yeah I'm for
bad gonna put him in there and then walk
away to work walk away god I cannot lie
- shut the door hmm
no he's hungry actually husky work
though
no he needs to eat hungry go on
oh I'm outside caramel
ah and he just thinks we should play a
game huh should we play should we play
frisbee or ball his people actually we
kind of got rid of all his balls when we
moved here I don't let something funny
it we got rid of those balls a while ago
but as far as his tennis balls we got
rid of them just cuz we thought that
maybe the tennis balls were like weight
like spazzing him out and the frisbee
would help because he wasn't super into
the frizzy and now he's obsessed with
the frisbee by the way a super sweet
subscriber sent this to us a few weeks
ago I think we showed it to you and look
at this this is a Kong okay ripped
ripped a little bit there let rip there
yeah he's pretty much already torn this
thing apart it still actually works oh
but it's a it's getting ready to be done
I'd like to just come out here and play
and see how long he would play for I
feel like it's hours he would play for
hours but I don't know maybe there would
be like a breaking point at some point
huh hey who's up what are you doing
what's up get out my gosh Oh can I hang
out with you in there okay guys this is
happening I'm gonna hang out with Olly
in his crib okay yeah what's daddy doing
in your crib my hanging out with you in
your crib hmm
how'd you sleep this had a camera all
you want it huh of course you want this
so logging in the crib huh this is like
Divi bumps cribs like MTV Cribs
thing is nice spacious see why you like
it a lot better huh what are you looking
at L know you look at the horse knee
when I ride the horsey
buddy think buddy it's awesome
Oh oh okay that's one way to get off a
horse huh you're standing up oh I can he
just stood up baby llama wait I did he
really does like he's test his balance
often tries to like like goes like that
I think he likes falling down on his
butt yeah ma give me some kisses Q's up
kisses Oh gotta let go sometimes our kid
is so full of himself
he's nuts yeah whoo you gonna go say
goodbye to the people in the camera
they're right there
Louise here do you want it good he's
gonna get you oh you got the people huh
I'm gonna stick up a hockey are you
gonna say goodbye come on playlist live
is coming up and I know we have an
official meet up at playlist for people
who are going to playlist it's in the
work so I'm not gonna announce it just
yet I shut the way for them to confirm
everything like this okay okay but I
want you to guys let me know who's going
to playlist let me know in the comments
below also if you're not going to play
this but you live in Florida and you'd
be interested in another little bit of
black and you're interested in another
meet up outside of playlist then let me
know in the comments too and maybe we
can actually arrange something for for
both the y'all cause it'd be cool to get
to me some of you guys I love meeting up
with our viewers and stuff huh it's
gonna be fun so we our first YouTube
convention and we're excited
all right kiddo we gotta go say goodbye
okay you're gonna hurt yourself he wants
to read what does the facts say was you
guys tomorrow bars if I box yeah
do you think that was appropriate to do
get on your boots I got it I got it no
no no no nothing ah another babies Holly
what's this
is that a big mater oh you wanna go hogs
hi Carla okay oh my aunt when she came
to visit us the other day she got us
this awesome pillow pet and it's a
little mater like this it looks like a
car
