good morning guys good morning morning
morning this morning I'm gonna make
myself a blue battery boggle some people
will get that joke now we have this
weird contraption hello toaster this is
like toaster 2.0 here I've never made a
bagel in this thing from when I attempt
to do do do-do-do do-do-do be smarter
than the Machine Ryan baby Olli like
raspberries oh you have to get real cute
in a second huh some frisbees huh duck
you wanted this is our son baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things can we
just take a minute to appreciate this
hottie right here no seriously okay
up another day Missy style okay I'm
treating a peachy pink tank top I'm
wearing these cute shorts that Lacey's
on the bottom mmm AC and I'm wearing
these um don't show my toes oh just no
yeah
I'm wearing these white flip-flops and
to top it all off a beautiful bended
pom-pom god I think I got some kind of
cut like a cardboard cut or something uh
ah you look pretty bangin oh babe looks
so ready for summer Eames Oh Minnie I
will show you my outfit because I'm
pretty much dressed like a bum my hair
is dyed I did my hair look at my hair
I'm actually going out with my mom we're
gonna go shopping and stuff but I'm
waiting for Ollie to wake up he's been
sleeping like a big boy in his big old
bed and he did really good last night
until what are you doing that's gonna
pick your nose
yeah pick your nose with my thumb how's
that for torture guys it is so good last
night until about five o'clock he woke
up somehow I have literally no idea how
but this monitor was off and he was
probably crying in his room for about 30
to 45 minutes what did I jump out of bed
and I checked the monitor it's off and I
run in there and I grabbed him and he
like clings to me now just like I was
like completely traumatized over it he I
felt guilty all night like I was like I
can't believe if he was crying and every
so long I just I felt so bad and he was
so upset he was doing it like that he
like grabbed onto my neck like he was so
upset and I was like you're not going in
there again tonight so we probably would
have had a really good night until that
point I still don't know why the monitor
went off we're gonna have to experiment
with it I cannot have that happen again
that was not good all right we got an
awake of a bee in his new crib Hey hey
Ally media are you slowly waking up
he's still waking up groggy hey hey guy
that big ol smile on his face see how
big this crib is hi good morning turn
this off this is why my phone is dead
because we're using my phone charger to
charge the iPad sigh I've had one was
all wonky funny is your but funny
welcome to the world no see hurt
yourself yeah can you feel it oh you got
the water bill for me thank you got it
babe see you later you deliver my bills
and everything huh hate the car now it's
the words Oliver because he's so mobile
now he just can't stand it and I'm
pretty sure that this is this is going
to be the death of us we're not going to
be able to go anywhere
show them how you're happy now tell them
you're happy I wasn't being that abusive
so yeah we're now at Hobby Lobby and
he's so much happier if he's all he just
can't stand the car see right now I
think that he's just really mobile and
is like ah no I know that I can walk
player like crawl places I don't need to
be strapped down and so he's just
miserable like that I just shot a new
video so go check that out I'll have a
link to below in the description go
watch you guys look at Italy is five you
know I just put it up it actually has
more likes and views go check it out I
talked about some of the cool stuff I
put on my body and and I'm my face and
stuff now I'm actually headed to the
peel box because something came and I'm
really excited because I ordered
something on the Internet but uh
definitely need another phone charger
because my phone is that one per set and
it's one o'clock cuz I didn't get a
chance to charge it last night so we're
at Hobby Lobby and I'm looking for like
little monkey type
for Oliver for his room and I found a
few cute things and I'm not really going
like a specific only this theme I'm
going with kind of like whatever I want
it's kind of monkey and birds and stuff
like that so I found a cute little
monkey hanger I love that and then I
want to get a couple of like wall decals
has like the chevron mug and it says
like be awesome today which you know we
all know that Brian loves singing that
awesome song I'm actually I'm standing
in this section which i think is also
really cool I'm trying to incorporate
some Chevron we did like a picture of us
as a family and put it on his dresser I
think that'd be really cute grabbing a
couple things that Best Buy look at this
you guys old fashioned iPod it's not a
touchscreen so weird who had one of
these let me know in the comments I had
a small one it was the very old version
of that when I was in high school who
knows his silver Cassie has been begging
us forever the taker to get her eyebrows
dated no it seems like it's been forever
I think you okay finally I was like
alright oh I'll take you as long as you
let me flog it she's like booking sign
no I got my eyebrows studded about a
year ago and I almost cried it hurts so
bad I I was so not into that and then we
made Brian do it he said it was really
painful so we're gonna do it and she's
letting us blog it here you go
how's it going fine
doesn't hurt I know that hurt looks good
though says mm-hmm that really really
hurt like wait to do it again you're so
good at like hiding it you just like sat
there everybody really literally is like
holding it back in the night but I
stopped recording like that I'm like
serious but I guess you do it again I
wouldn't do it again
no way Ali's home
I'm Missy - I guess I care about her but
I missed you buddy hi
heard about you being all rambunctious
crazy really Heyman is carseat though
the rest of the trip came to an
agreement
oh really you're like we're just gonna
have to do this this Rose the white flag
and yeah and did good like fine
while they were gone I've actually been
messing around with logic I got Logic
Pro 10 it's like an updated version of
GarageBand and so I've just been like
testing things out with my mic and stuff
and it's been a lot of fun but when I
went to the Peele box we got something
really cool and I may have peak and I'm
sorry
okay open it what does the Fox say oh
it's not so cool I heard there was a
book and I saw the digital version on
the iPad and I was like oh should I get
it for him though whose cats go beyond
birds good tweet and the mouse goes
squeek oh my God look at this art - the
art is really cool
don't blub and the seal goes ow ow ow
but there's one sound that no one knows
what does the Fox say
lettuce box okay I'm just gonna be
honest fox looks like he's on crack
Emily Upton thank you so much Emily you
are awesome
he loves the song still and right now
we're gonna read him the book Missy got
a ton of cool stuff from Hobby Lobby so
we've been kind of like decorating and
rearranging stuff she's got some cool
like decals cool painting cool little
hooky thing and cool picture crane eye
she changed it for the first time in
seven months since just monkeying around
Nonnie yeah it's pretty cool starting a
new food with Oliver today and I'm going
to do doing apples so I just got done
peeling them I'm cutting them and I'm
steaming him and I did want to say today
we I just wrote a comment this home was
like saying something about how I often
am out of breath when I go when I'm
vlogging she's like I just want to make
sure everything's okay and I said there
for a while I was like man of breath but
I want I just figured out why cuz I'm
out of breath now it's because whenever
I want to vlog something I never have my
camera and so I have to run to go get it
so that I can go vlog it and I pretty
much run everywhere I go it sounds silly
because I my mom's a poet should be
running but like I'm like oh I need to
get that nice like run and go get and
come back and as soon as I go to bottom
like yeah so I'm just sitting here yes
so anyway so we've got organic
applesauce homemade applesauce it's a
little warm but it tastes really good
hey alright so we got this amazing Apple
oat mixture that Maisie made up and all
he's trying it for the first time what
do you think more ammonia nom nom nom
nom nom noms oh he's a different have a
different texture
you did good I think what is he's saying
I'm like she's Canadian it's so funny
I'm not quite sure
hey oli pants we gone I got to Olli buns
trying to teach him arms up okay
arms up arms up oh wait that's done are
you stuck oh that was like when you came
out of your mommy huh put your pajamas
on hey oli where are you oh here you are
is this cuter what you guys hi all right
you guys that's a wrap on another daily
bumps vlog I hope you enjoyed it we
didn't say this in yesterday's vlog but
we made boring adult things a t-shirt
and it's really really
it's got like music notes around it and
a cool little icon so go check it out
I'll have that linked below and there's
actually something really special coming
up involving the shirts but you got to
go get a shirt dead link below they're
really cool you can choose the color but
ring adult things boring adult things
boring adult themes but I love it I love
sort of the concept behind the shirt
because it's just like the concept
behind our life and these videos and
it's really really cool so go check that
out
give this vlog a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it or if you're feeling dizzy
right now because I pretty much am and
we will see you tomorrow
good people of the Internet my head this
is seriously spinning ok bye we'll do it
Missy's giving me the glare probably cuz
also she's hangry are you pretty hungry
babe so we're headed over to Red Robin
and my aunt is here from San Diego to
suit us well to see him let's be honest
thank you God oh and Oliver is taking
pretty well he's he the last time you
saw her he was really really
