good morning good morning good morning
good morning morning morning good
morning morning morning good morning
guys
good morning morning morning what up
guys there's gonna do amazing things I
am actually headed to go pick up our
crib we got a new crib for Ollie and I
we are so excited and I hope he's
excited Missy just put him down for his
nap so he might actually get to use
today if I ever set it up in time
because that those are always fun
I'm drinking my Starbucks iced coffee
it's like 2% milk lightly sweetened
these things are awesome our Huntington
calories and they're pretty big it's
like 11 ounces and it's a beautiful day
here in sunny Southern California boom
check out these blue skies can you even
see it can you see the Sun okay it's
green I gotta go
good morning guys I am doing my hair
right now I need to straighten it a
little crazy but Ollie is taking a nap
doing really good he's been so good for
a while which is good and Friends
getting my new crib we got cribs the
other day which is or a 1 crib not
crimson we got a crib and a dresser and
so excited I still haven't picked his
new scene I'm really excited about his
new themes I know I've been wanting to
do something different with his room
something a little bit more cutesy I
love the anchor themed wallet was there
but now I'm just kind of over it I guess
I just I guess you can tell I get over
things pretty quickly I'm gonna do
something different I want to UM I
really want to incorporate monkeys if
you don't know I love monkeys I kind of
made that aware early on in our vlogs I
was like monkeys win everything you gave
me something that has a monkey on it it
wins it's just 2 wins it's just the
winner and I kind of go with it slowly
and figure out what exactly I want to do
so that I don't like it stuck in
something that I'm like I don't like it
I think I have an idea I really really
love this theme so it's got a tree
um and then it's got the monkey it's got
birdie
it's got Al's it's got this cute little
animal I don't know what that animal is
like a little lion it's just so cute so
I think I want to do that one pad
yourself up this hair I feel like I'm I
look kind of like Snow White now because
my skin is so white and look really wipe
and I put like a little bit of bronzer
on because I look so white and I've got
this really dark hair which I feel like
makes me look like snow why if I put
like red lipstick on or something I feel
like I was what pix no way so we got the
first box up here which is the crib and
now they're bringing up this which
simply just looks impossible they're
gonna have to carry this up the stairs
it's like how have you is it hi 180
pounds 180 point four okay I'm so afraid
you're gonna drop my neat dresser
oh hi what are you doing baby boy you
reaching for mommy's camera you gonna
block something oh let's not do that no
no ah you got part of the sticker
let me they just love it but I think I
about let me fake that oh oh come on kid
here do you want Vox something I'll let
you blog if you set up there you go look
at that you have so much more room for
activities in your new crib bro you
excited good sight we new crib it's not
even lunchtime yet but I'm starving so
I'm gonna make this steak fudgy table
but Rico and we got these from Target
last night and this one has guacamole
inside of it well I'm loving these
Fritos by the way these evil or love
however you want to look at it alright
you guys this is the official evil
burrito vegeta steak vegeta test I've
got my guacamole which is kind of odd
because it was just frozen like two
seconds ago
that was weird you look you so you saw
that thing hits it in a little bit of
guac
holy guacamole that is good this burrito
is dank as junk : I'm telling : when I
say thanks Jenna and the guac actually
tastes like real guac
you got a walk ha okay so a lot of
people might be curious
Brian why you save Vegeta Brian why do
you say tor Atilla
Brian why do you say Kay cedilla here's
the thing when I was little I actually
lived with my grandma and she had a
Mexican boyfriend cuz my grandma was
just feisty like that uh-huh
but he would get so mad because at the
dinner table I would joke with him and
I'd say hey pass the tortillas and he'd
be like it's tortilla he was so mad at
me every time I said to Atilla and so
now to this day I still say Vegeta torte
illa all those things and I just picture
him in my mind going it's fat eat da
it's tortilla just look at that you can
like see every individual ingredient in
this thing it's not like some processed
mushy crap and I'm sponsored by these
guys but hey evil if you're watching
this sponsor me please I love your
burritos I use the Mazon back fold
sometimes and got Olly playing and I've
trapped them using various items around
the house we've made a barrier it's a
little straight to this corner yeah
which we always have to move the ottoman
you gotta move the Ottomans otherwise he
literally will just start crawling to
the to the bathroom and it's crazy
Brian's got a lot of work to do today
get to work Frank uneven new nursery hey
what do we have here what are you doing
are you really next to Ali's crib like
what is going on mom
did you buy any new stuff I love new
stuff I'll take new stuff alright guys
so I still did not get that crib
together but I promise I will do it
Missy's giving me the glare probably cuz
also she's hangry are you pretty hungry
babe I haven't eaten like it all day so
we're headed over to Red Robin and my
aunt is here from San Diego to see us
well to see him let's be honest Thank
You Mitch you got oh and all her is
taking pretty well he's he
the last time he saw her he was really
really little and so now he's kind of
got like the stranger scare but she's no
stranger she's your auntie she's a great
auntie what do you want Olly what a
Biddle burger ooh I'm gonna play with
the book
do you guys see this huge tiger behind
them you see the tiger tuition consider
money quite nothing crazy
should we try look at them rocking out
what are you doing way too much energy
for your own good kid laughs huh Dada
Dada da Dada da so we meet again
instructional furniture do you see this
this isn't Dada Life then I don't know
what is you guys
I opened the crib and immediately this
is what I see yeah the dresser actually
came all put together which was a nice
plus was even like the drawers and
everything yeah all the knobs were on it
too
so look at these top ones are lined with
benefits ooh fancy
alright guys we've got all kinds of
building going on we've got the crib
here Brian's got this part together but
I think we're going to go ahead and put
it in his room now so that it won't be
too difficult to get the full crib into
his room and we'll finish it he's so
excited are you so excited really girl
yeah he's been the worst Napper today he
literally hasn't taken a decent nap at
all it's been bad you've been naughty
huh yeah I'm really excited about his
new crib I hope he enjoys the new crib
it's gonna be nice and big your games
play in there why are you so happy
you'll sink your bug get a mama mama
yeah like words today so you've been
talking lies ba ba ba ba ba ba ha Brian
is trying out his new crib that he built
how do you like it all right here it is
you guys it is so beautiful I love it so
much I just think it's so pretty a
little small for you we got this and
then we also got this beautiful dresser
which I love I think it's so beautiful
it actually glides open
and really nicely I could even get a
changing pad for up here if I wanted to
and so yeah did you want to get a
changing pad broker you think we'd never
do it
probably not I had teddy bears up here
and is even good boy should we give
him this door back yes he can have his
door back now we had to take it off
because he just wanted too much privacy
you say mama he was just saying it mama
mama
he's in battling so much today huh I
know he's been doing like a lot of like
bud dive I heard I heard like Bubba and
yeah ha ha yeah no no no one named Bubba
where's Bubba kick their buck hey hey
cutie oh good Gary's on my big boy Jamie
we're doing something different tonight
and awesome subscribe well a couple
actually subscribers sent us these
pajamas that are tops and bottoms and
normally he just wears like a onesie but
this is like separate she's nobody nice
- yeah you've got new pajamas new bed
yeah she's kid good to go right brushing
teeth ok he's a real monkey yeah hi 50
do it he was like chewing on it know how
to rub it brush those two teats
how cute is that you guys if you're not
thumbs up me for that then I know why
your thumbs on the floor that's amazing
hi you like that here on the top yeah
god no no that rub your lips
that's what rachel says rub your lips
with your toothbrush they make some I'll
stop it looks like a legit banana you
guys and it's actually like completely
soft right like that go so no hard
pieces oh yeah and it's nice because
it's only like an inch this you know
like bear so you can't not gonna jam it
down his throat
yeah it looks so cool we got this from
above a baby that's right it's perfect
Oh shake it - damn teeth brush Mt
ah hey I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video I'm gonna go ahead and end it here
because I don't think it's going to get
any cuter today in this little guy
brushing his teeth click thumbs up if
you guys enjoyed the video and be sure
to click that your one button at the end
of the video so you can see what's been
going on
one year ago they're actually really
interesting right now we'll see yeah
this kid going night-night say nein nein
you not have fun oh look why you're so
weird
I try and surprise her and she's like
standing by the door forever well I just
talked with my hair no look what I did
I built this thing with my own two hands
Missy so be careful when you put them in
there I'm so happy
