all right guys it's 5:30 in the morning
there it is with no eyes are bloodshot
and I'm tired and it's gonna be a long
day boy they're gonna do amazing things
actually currently 22 minutes behind
schedule I expect they'll be like very
little cars on the road low along
traffic I'm not really stressed about it
I would have liked to be there early but
Brian's actually running in to get
coffee cuz he could not go to sleep
until really late I think we just had a
journal and going I fell asleep early
but I'm not early like why I see how you
feelin you gonna take a nap I'm pretty
good yeah yeah she went to bed I quit
like 10:00 10:30
it is 704 right now GPS is telling us
that we're not going to get there till
7:45 and our plane leaves at 8:40 that
gives us an hour to take the shuttle
from the lot to the airport check our
baggage and get through security how do
you feel about this
I feel sick basically I feel sick to my
stomach too I got a good bathroom I
drink this whole thing of Starbucks iced
coffee and these always mess me up
inside
but I'm operating off of one hour of
sleepers are going like this yeah holy
crap you guys we obviously love cuttin
it close
we just got to our game
and I think we've got like 20 minutes
Mickey yeah well it was crazy
we've never done them it's never been
like that before I can't I honestly
can't believe we made it
you guys believe we're doing good I'm
still not over that was so stressful I'm
so sorry you guys oh but we're boarding
a plane now can you believe I made it
buddy
can you believe we made it I don't think
they've seen him at all today haha it's
been crazy rush rush rush but Oliver's
here second plane right how we fill in
five hours no it's gonna be dope look at
this you guys we're on a Virgin America
so we got dish so maybe she's put on
some Curious George I know you like that
monkeys huh he wants to see outside the
window so Herbie to him to not give them
that option
she's got some applesauce
Cassie's fulfilling her nanny duties I'm
check it out we are right here so we
have a long way to go a 2,000 miles to
go
so they're working with a rhythm in his
face we got to change this poopy diaper
that would be one huh
over there the hangar
this looks like she's watching a pretty
riveting
us a drama huh that's exciting
he's SVU the poo City
giggles addressed away for about halfway
through you guys we have R at 37,000
feet
water please get so excited all right
you guys Brian's give me so bad I just
met great I don't use your word oh my
god you are so
take
yeah my god your G now I'm sitting in
your seat I am pretty much super jealous
right now
because this little celebrity got to
meet my youtube crush how's that like
buddy knows really cool we just landed
in Orlando and I can't hear anything so
I might be talking am I talking at a
weird volume like saw like I feel like
I'm overcompensating so I talked to
soften like ah just want to discard that
is here
tons of youtubers no it's pretty cool
just like being on the plane like kind
of in our own element with all a bunch
of youtubers surrounding us it's pretty
sweet there are trees and they are
inside and look at those elevators I'm
like freaking this place is sick this is
the Orlando International Airport what
we just came into a hotel is this a
hotel dang look at this you guys right
in the middle of the floor
big old fountain woo Gracie ahh
okay I'm totally I know I'm totally
jealous you got to meet you before me
you're beautiful you have a beautiful
spawn I know right we did pretty good
nice to meet you not really happening
okay so yes first of all I'm sorry about
the tweets oh I mentioned I was on the
plane with you and it's it's internet
known that you're my youtube crush
so then of your wife don't actually
coincidentally she approves so heyo
that's what happened oh no are we
married
yes Landing um also did you know you you
hazed us once when it was when we first
started on on YouTube you guys remember
I I completely understand I was probably
like a off-the-cuff thing but I remember
what she said wait what'd you say oh I'm
into that I was like that was like our
second week on YouTube and you're hazed
us and I like I was a little finger
I mean the real truth is that I'm not
even here for playlist I'm just
following you guys oh yeah
I'm diggin the sweat thank you they're
kind of like I'm wearing sweats to beat
you down I love it so but yours are like
light they almost look like jeans Yeah
right it's a magic trick from a distance
I love composed but up close it's a
total mess and hard oh you're looking
beautiful as well oh you don't have to
no no / we'll all right so we got a big
SUV you guys and there's hardly there's
one extra seat I was thinking like oh
maybe Austin and Britt can jump in but
there's no proof get all our stuff cuz
I'm I brought two girls for Orlando and
a baby Ostrow he's got like three things
yeah yeah this day has just started and
already so much has happened I you have
no idea how already I am I want to just
go to the hotel and I want to take a
really cold shower and take a nap any
pizza can we pizza
this little guys been doing so good too
he took a very long nap probably close
to about two hours and he bruised
because body he was so good he was happy
and he was like smiling at everyone and
it was really cool hardest part was just
the fact that he really wanted to go see
everyone yeah
Oh
where's daddy peekaboo huh where's daddy
bigger oh he's so happy today oh thank
you thank you for this I appreciate it
look at all these people waiting for us
you guys I'm just kidding Joey Joey
Graceffa just got up off the plane with
us too so they're probably out there Jan
you guys is a fish exciting there's lots
of people around lots of stuff to do so
now we're just heading up to our town
we're in a tower you guys they just put
us in a tower like a Disney Princess
pretty crazy right this is where it's at
you guys check us out babe do you
realize this we're in Paradise right now
look at that oh this is insane and this
is our tower right here like right in
the middle of the courtyard oh look at
that here in our room and it's pretty
cool it's actually not like two separate
groups so many of you a quick little
room tour I'm actually I've all changed
done wearing airplane clothes I
literally stunk and I felt disgusting
and I was like oh my god so I took a
shower and refresh we all refreshed so
walk in the door there's a nice little
setup for Brian to work he'll be working
on vacation of course for you guys a
couch that's a pullout bed and also got
a chair and then got this nice big TV
for the living room area it's also got a
microwave and and here's it's got all
always my food he's got a lot of food
he's a hungry boy and I brought some of
my homework yeah he brought some beer so
that or Brian's beer so that he can um
you know show to all his friends
oh and then you come in here and this is
kind of nice because it closes off and
you've got right here the sink which is
a total disaster because we all have a
lot of crap to bring oh you all have a
lot of
and we got nice two big comfy beds don't
it look comfortable big TV and we got a
dresser which we all we totally unpacked
because we have four huge suitcases
which are all in here and we do not want
to be like carrying those things out so
we totally unpacked we each got two
drawers each of course always been he's
got his own little bed I've actually
brought my own sheet um so that he
didn't have to sleep on like other
people she's I felt like the smell of
you know our house we'd probably be more
comfortable for him yeah I know stinking
badges yeah we got some badges so we can
get into all the cool little things that
are going wrong cool yeah I am ready to
eat though ahead I have not eaten since
this morning when we left we gotta get
food now welcome there we a lot no I
don't want to come in Fred I want real
food not not sugar really because we're
pretty much starved sweet setup they're
all like individually boxed for you
here's sugar cookie right now she needs
food
she's hangry okay she's really angry
speaking of hangry : Kati should be here
anything right now like massive amounts
of people here you guys a bunch of
weirdos just everywhere just walking
around not even knowing weirdos
everywhere I'm just playing I'm looking
for weirdos this is clintus guys if you
guys don't know my hobbies gently below
so you can check them out kind of just
tour in the hotel because it's like
amazing it's like a resort I feel like
we're like in spring break for real
and then this little guy is finally
asleep trying to walk around to to keep
him from not screaming le what'd you do
to your wrist
oh my fractured it and cheerleading Jan
you go hard trying to le you guys and
she went to Wizarding World and got me
like legit birdie bought every flavor
beans is so cool
Missy you're gonna have to try a couple
mystery ones yeah I will save me my
sister half of the night and we're like
alright let's just try this let's just
see how bad they are really they tried
the dirt and we're like coughing up mud
for week
it's all yellow you guys look like dem
same characters is that work okay you
guys look who's here it's my peeps from
Alabama even not 40 it's recording
see the little R oh I love these guys
already I'm so happy you guys are here
okay
: and Katy go check them out bomb a
chick 11 she's got a little bun in the
oven
alright you know what I meant to say it
correct that's bad Colon's even rocking
the V whoa reckon the V regular me the
target me
Maronna why is this running the beer and
they brought cookies so they pretty much
just no way straight to my heart
yeah Brittany really wanted to bring a
milkshake maker but she forgot it
Oh Missy was here too but she had to go
Oliver is having a really tough time I
think with this time change so it is
weird it is rude it's weird for us it's
1 a.m. right now and we're all like and
I'm like.he sex me what I was like hey
dude I was like heading home still up
he's like your youtuber all youtubers do
I know you're editing kid come on it was
like just my hallway that's why never
see ya oh my gosh no I'm I'm so excited
yeah Jesse kidding no which one sniffing
us 100 now blogging you guys I'm sure it
was just
what's this camera mines are the one
with the bigger mark on the legs
picton so that's just something that
happens when you're at playlist live
right anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video give it a thumbs up if you
did and subscribe to our channels I put
out videos every single day :
quit vlogging me as I end my vlog for
the Bahamas boys okay drunk Jesse just
grabbed both of our cameras and blog
that's pretty epic
you know yeah yeah just grabbed up and
start walking around yeah anyway
we'll see you guys later go here you
guys can get : a hug oh oh my god you
guys I feel like such a terrible mom so
I was over here folding laundry and
stuff and Oliver was playing and he
started climbing up here and he fell and
he literally hit his head right on this
corner oh my gosh I'm starting to see
the little bruise I love you oh my gosh
it looks horrible
um baby I'm so sorry you see it is just
like that mark oh I'm sorry baby
