good morning you guys I made cinnamon
bagels in the toaster oven and I didn't
burn them success
big guys think for the bomb they're very
nice of you
this is our sign daily
boy gonna do amazing things
Ollie mommy doesn't feel for you now
zyne with a pink spoon yeah you want
some apples and carrots with your cool
pink newbie spoon oh you got a little on
your on your fate you got a little are
you pooping right now is that your poop
face yeah you definitely just poop do
you you have a carrot mustache are you
pooping Oliver he's making this face
like that he's clapping Miss Lee he's
looking at your hands he's like you're
hitting them together alright we ate
breakfast Ollie ate his breakfast and he
is down for his first nap so now it's
time for us to get ready this is the
time where we just like bum rush to get
ready for the day while he's sleeping so
we can get stuff done when he wakes up I
got my said just laying box yeah yeah
I'm so excited I've been waiting for
this I'm hopefully gonna be able to do
this video today or tomorrow before we
leave her Florida um but I really
excited I hope something cools in there
maybe something cool to take with me to
Florida for Ollie waiting for this guy
to wake up Easter I can't I just want to
say like he's the best Napper he's not
the best at nighttime last night he kept
me up for like two hours from like 2:00
to 4:00 it was terrible but at that time
it's awesome
so I can't complain too much but he's
been asleep for almost two hours now so
remember when we were dealing with 30
minute naps and I could barely get him
to sleep for 30 minutes now he is just a
pro Napper which is just really nice
wait I'll just do in my hair right and I
use this old spice putty stuff and it's
white right and so I'm always doing my
hair and I'm always looking and then
like I have this mirror thing you know
so I look here I'm like I put stuff in
my hair and whatever and I'm always
thinking is a decision I'm always
thinking that there's like this huge
chunk of it right here because I
literally have gray hairs right here can
you guys see it there's gray hairs right
here and they like obviously I cut my
hair and stuff so obviously they just
grow in gray it's like this patch of
gray hairs
I'm always like oh I can't do that
kicking it out I can't cuz it's my hair
except right here now we need you guys
first see your first gray hair let me
know in the comments but pretty sure 24
I'm 24 years old and I have I've gray
hairs why is that could that be from
stress from having a kid good my knee my
knee my knee is so happy hi yeah I did
you have the best nap ever you are don't
you
by the way my little straps on the
teething rail that we're on there they
kind of started like pulling apart so I
feel like fixed it up and resew it um so
that's why it's not on here right now
but I'm gonna start early soon and I'm
really excited I just got a new one of
these things I figured they're called
but it's really really cool-looking
totally matches his room it's got like
some orange blues Chevron type textures
polka dots it's gonna hang this one up
because this one is no longer really the
theme I switch it out um I think this
was just super super cute I got off SD
and I liked it
and we're getting new letters actually
the girl who made these ones is actually
sending me new ones so cuz she's like
seriously so awesome she's like like hey
I thought I want to make you some new
ones I was like okay sure yeah I'm
really excited about that saw something
weird on Oliver today Missy tell me if
you know but it's like a hold out his
leg
do you see it nothing yes
yeah that's been there for a long time
it's actually a birthmark how long has
it been there have you talked about this
I just know about it like almost like a
bruise I've been there for since it's
very very light I feel like it's getting
darker maybe that's why I just know yeah
I think it is getting darker and it's
just kind of slowly showing up weird is
that a burger everyone really yeah uh
how come you know this and I don't you
never tell me things
forgot where's the other one the other
one is actually on his arm and it looks
like a burn mark but it's been there
from once I think that's it
huh that we got this new flag banner to
match all these decor we're slowly
replacing everything with different
stuff he's gonna hang this there's that
why why are you doing this I could do
this you know no you can okay so we are
getting our toes done I'm getting a
pedicure she's actually going to gets up
but I'm with my mom and my sister hi
Cassie she's trying to have conversation
I'll just go I so well
we're getting our pedicure done we're
gonna get all all hampered before
folding because she likes to climb on
top of things you guys cuz she's a
natural monkey right so mom went to go
get her nails did okay and I'm gonna set
up this um while I try and get some work
done for the day but I hate setting this
up I don't think I've ever done it on my
own so I'm gonna let you guys see oh hi
this can't be too hard right
a pinkie yeah there's a pig in here
buddy bad back and then pull Paul really
close here hangin that buddy
this ends up like this stand up okay I
got it really don't help me shouldn't
really be this hard okay so I did it so
I actually just tweet about this but I
want to show you guys it's so funny cuz
like when we did the look who's blocking
episodes obviously almost all the audio
is stripped out and we just put like
background music and the voice-over work
and stuff but if you listen to the
actual audio it's so hilarious check
this out
Holly it's like we're constantly like
shaking toys and like playing music and
like getting his attention to do things
so it's been quite the challenge but
also kind of fun are you having just
about enough of this thing you've got
all the fun toys but you just want out
ha I'm enjoying the fresh air with my
two boys karma keeps throwing this okay
you ready
go get it oh look it's my wife hey babe
get me that bad drop it
oh sorry watch out for my swing he's
probably about time for his nap but he's
happy in the swing hey Kiki yeah
Hey look uh sexy toes sexy toes just got
our toes done and I had to run home and
nurse Molly but now we need my mom and
my sister back out I should have logged
when I left there but I was too
embarrassed because I got my eyebrows
done and whenever I get my eyebrows done
I look like a clown like my foot my mom
and my sister both laughing me
hysterically rike ass I have a picture
yeah oh yeah you're not the real picture
haha no I took a page I said it to Brian
he was like oh my god see I just look
like a clown I'm swollen and my makeup
sob and it just looks terrible so I
didn't vlog but and even my sister sent
me like
picture avocados like this is what you
look like did like that's what you look
like
yeah we're all like staying there
texting each other and my mom's like
laughing she's like trying to cover up
her laugh with a cough which totally
didn't work it's a little pink thing you
probably can't really tell
so we're just gonna go shopping you get
some essentials for um playlist live
cache she's getting excited cause he
have Europe in one plane once once where
you little I was eight eight do remember
it yeah a little bit I remember the way
there um yeah so we're excited it's
gonna be like her first like real trip
like without mom and dad she's gone I'm
gonna go party she's kidding
and then awake baby in here is there it
away baby yeah alright we'll shut that
off I am sorry about that
hey buddy dang you had a good nap it was
like two hours
shopping it's our life right now
cassie is looking for somewhere cool
cute clothes she's she loves shopping
she's like the kind of person that when
she walks in first ask you guys I did
that I did this good that when I'm just
like kind of like oh this is how cute I
wonder first should get that I don't
know maybe not
that's all I do that's the way I shop
it's very it's a very annoying way to
shop but Cassie will just buy everything
if she can shut up she's been since she
was a little girl though she used to
hide money in her little toy please okay
so I dropped Missy off at Trader Joe's
she's trying to find some natural
sunscreen to use while we're in Florida
and now I am just running with baby Olli
to win colors we need some snacks for
the ride it's like a five-hour flight
and I'm thinking like what do I want to
do for five hours
Oh a snack browse the Internet we're
going on Virgin American so they have a
really awesome like Internet and movies
and stuff but we're definitely I have to
keep ourselves busy OOP bumpy's got all
the goodies we got for the plane I'm
taking just a raw butternut squash I'm
just gonna be like I guess not happy we
are I know Rob butternut squash okay you
guys today is a special day okay it is
Ali's dinnertime and you're getting in
this first burrito
okay see how he responds do you want the
Hat hey I don't know what to do with
this I hope he's dropping yeah yeah he
doesn't know what to do the heck sorry
that's mommy's burrito bath time bath
time look a huge grin on his face right
now he's like so happy mama scrubbing me
I'm getting a bad ain't gotta do nothing
it lay here to enjoy myself way that's
it for today's vlog you guys oh my I
just ate a burrito and it was like the
first burrito I've had in like four days
I know right anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog hey Missy put out a
really really important video on her
channel today so I'll have it linked
below definitely go check that out if
you had have kids if you had kids if
you're thinking about having kids go
watch it and we will see tomorrow I'll
leave you with this image
oh hi baby boy I
doesn't totally an Irish holiday by the
way what's that I burnt myself a curling
iron
why are you curling your hair I I was
fooling the cat and it scratched me but
yeah that's totally that's believable
right
Olli I was I had ollie on my shoulders
at heaters and he scratched me gotta
burn yak skin burns
Oliver that
