top of the mornin to you guys it is st.
Patrick's Day I'm not wearing my green
shirt because it is dirty but I'm
wearing a green st. Patrick's Day
wristband thing so don't even think
about pinching me I should actually
counts yeah it does thanks man
ah
I think some of those okay this is our
son baby boy he's gonna do amazing
things look at Missy she looks like
jenna Marbles or something you got color
in your hair what are you doing I was I
was literally just watching jenna
Marbles this morning and you have color
in your hair I think I should get a real
one I think I she had purple streak no
she was to play it off like it is real
oh it is real yeah you
bleached it and he died it and you're
really committed when I'm when Donald
cut it a little chomping that the only
green you're wearing and you think that
works that's you're not even wearing it
that's been much better find some green
yeah you do need to find some green and
if you guys did not see the st.
Patrick's Day episode of look who's
vlogging I'll have a link below but it
was pretty stinking hilarious and Oliver
had a similar dilemma
it's so cute yeah is this too close yeah
is this too close you know yes you guys
this kid he won't wake up
he's a sleeping machine he really sleeps
so much now he's on his second nap
already and he needs to wake up cause we
guys have to do this thing I've been
going off since he fell asleep so it's
like really creepy and just like
randomly starts singing to you and it
actually rolls by itself so it'll just
start like it'll just be sitting on the
floor and I'll just start rolling around
it's really creepy last night I finally
filmed my mr. beer brian's brew video
not actually be on my channel this week
but I've been putting this off this is
the keg that I made it all in and I have
to clean it and I really after I was
done boring it was just really gross and
so I just poured it I just filled it
with water and let it sit we're gonna
see something very gross right now ready
for this
Oh oh gosh you see that that's like
second brew right there oh well oh my
eyes are watering
oh you smell that karma I'm sorry oh
look at that that's all the yeast that
was left in it oh my gosh okay I really
gotta clear this thing out it's bad
you got a special gun see you in your
bed are you doing we see Pitt he's like
I'm not done hey what up kids oh you get
enough rest
hey what are you doing in here what are
you doing on the horsey what's that
called a whinny horse whinnies I guess
and that's certain that's fine
cookie crack the gray crack I can't hold
this do you like it yeah he's like yeah
it's kind of a bummer Roy I make a
burrito Roy every Aqaba right oh oh
right yeah yeah Cabrera's oh where I am
like a burrito
ha ha we just got done doing some
filming so we're gonna change him out of
this look at that belly you guys have
you ever seen a cuter belly than the one
that you have back so we're gonna put
them in a st. Patrick's Day outfit and I
got these pants with this little Bulldog
wearing the cool little Irish cap thing
and then I got a green onesie that says
kiss me for good luck I should have lots
of good luck
Holly where are you Holly worried oh I
cannot see you where are you get up oh
my gosh this is too funny yeah Holly are
you in there hey ollie
I'm dying oh my gosh Ali Ali where are
you where are you kiddo all right you
can get it get it off get it off your
head yeah hey do you need help here
ah there we go that was funny look at my
two little leprechaun didn't feel bad
now I'm not wearing like a ton of green
you know how long you even wear that for
let me know in the comments how long you
think that's gonna last you guys anyway
I was on reddit I want to show Missy
this is so funny guy said had my kid
convinced this morning so it's two
little green footprints on the toilet
seat and my green pea if you will and I
like a little it says happy Santa and
that's so cute I can't wait till like
Oliver can like notice like things you
know and we can like do things like that
for ya we say funny
so actually was just reading this
article about st. Patrick's Day I don't
know if it's true or not but did you
know that st. Patty's Day is actually
has like nothing to do with Irish st.
Patrick isn't even Irish and his color
is blue
I know it was blue it wasn't green until
face oh yeah and thought it was about
how when Christianity made its way into
Ireland might be but it might but it
might just be that st. Patrick was not
Irish at all
right and you know that famous corned
beef thing that they make fry by my mom
makes that all the time yes but guess
what it's not even in the Irish meal and
you know what else you know how um the
symbol the clove symbol that's not even
a symbol for Irish Ireland
it's the heart yeah and you know it's
about a 1 in 10,000 shot that you're
gonna find a four-leaf clover wow you're
really dog in just raining on everyone
st. Patty's Day Parade and I read this
article I don't know if it's true enough
I'm sure so what in Ireland can tell us
what what really goes down yeah well we
can probably just watch those phony
jellies what are they doing on st.
Patrick's Day they might be I know that
Anna is actually partially American so I
know she done kind of celebrates things
in an American Way so I don't know if
they really go for this full-on Irish
vibe I just don't think that is totally
an Irish holiday by the way what's that
I burnt myself a curling iron
why are you curling your hair I I was
holding the cat and it scratched me but
yeah that's totally that's believable
right Olly I was I had Olly on my
shoulders and he and he scratched I got
burned yeah skin burns however that
that's what that is yeah I leave causing
a riot at Red Lobster
good one Holly Holly pop lollipop oh
yeah she get a picture yeah I was gonna
fight him in front of you guys
bringing out a little friend hello hi
guy what's that buddy who is slimy oh oh
he wants to touch it oh you touched it
he's adventurous look at that whoa
Missy fancy drink when it's that rather
than be doing besides getting a ton of
attention from everyone can you believe
it hat is still on you guys
that's crazy end up mustache anything so
as we shave it no don't rip it off okay
okay shave it off CJ no you have to be
really careful all he needed a break so
I am outside a Red Lobster and I'm
pacing I'm pacing to give him a little
down she was not happy there was like an
older couple next to us having a nice
dinner and he's just cranky and I'm just
like oh maybe I should like send him a
free dessert or something I'm just gonna
give him the toy maybe that'll help a
little Missy is in her element bye my
baby we just need to grab some sunscreen
and did you get him a hack awesome huh I
was gonna go look at one just grabbing a
couple of must-haves before we leave and
I did end up a buying dessert for the
table next to us just cuz like it was so
rowdy because we had Bailey and we had
CJ and we had oli who's doing most of it
and they were they were actually really
really nice they're like oh no you take
your kids out it's totally fine like oh
yeah they told him right before we left
and I was like usually I like to just
let him like no after we leave but um no
they were they were totally like
appreciative and they were really nice
about it too okay so while we were out
to dinner
Missy fed Oliver some avocado yeah I
gave you some avocado and some butternut
squash but I gave him this
a little bit weird but he gave in the
butternut squash he scarfed it down I'm
gonna tell sells his home I was off a
again um okay
Ollie do you see that I don't like it he
won't even close his mouth
ah he's done he's like no more avocado
uh-huh alright ollie
so avocados are a no-go you can really
like cute them up he was not having it
he only had like one bite and he was
pretty much upset so he's gonna take a
bath and we're gonna go to bed so I'm
gonna go ahead and the vlog but make
sure you check out Brian challenge we
actually did a torture video which was
pretty much torturous and I don't think
it Pasi oli me Andrus eunuch yeah so
that'll be link below go check it out
and if you haven't seen the same kind of
steak
look who's blogging it's pretty stinking
adorable and there's a little more
that's leprechaun in it huh you're a
leprechaun
okay so we'll see I smell okay so where
art did you know the entire malls like
shutting down right now now they're
closing like everything where are you
though I kept by my life okay I'm headed
there she's at the Disney Store mile
oliver heating is toast
girls things are hard out so cute like
