good morning you guys today we are going
to the beach and Oliver needs a hat but
all these hats are way too big so Missy
is totally owned in this sewing machine
oh this over and it'll be fine cuz I can
just take the stitch out once it's one
see doesn't fit in a smaller size please
head of hard do not sell your hand babe
you always cut your hand all the time
I'm not gonna can do that oh my gosh my
gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh my
gosh my guys that was really close to
her hand you guys oh my gosh boy he's
gonna do amazing things
boom look at that man oh you get on the
side that's good idea yes stretch to the
back stretchy so yeah hopefully this is
fits him why is there a trash can on the
table Rolly karma and karma gets a
little ancient karma you get all anxious
when we're gone and then you go through
the trash well dad we put it on what if
he still gets in the trash even if it's
on the dining room table okay I'm not
even kidding guys I did not touch that
and it's going off it's a little bit
it's demonic okay why are you shushing
me we're literally going in here to wake
him up
oh good morning you see Vinick a big boy
hi baby
well oh I'm gonna go to the beach today
okay gonna go to the beach each let's go
get away nice say what I gotta say
Ollie is just like his daddy giant drool
spot right where he was sleeping we're
going to the beach so naturally we need
to take everything we've ever owned in
the history of our lives ever yep
preparing in case we need to stay the
night on the beach hey buddy are you
ready to go have fun and play with
seagulls
that better okay you know he is always
getting a little impatient with the
drive somebody up have a little water
really likes water it's been funny uncle
Jimmy's given him some water and kind of
funny to watch I don't know if he might
be getting a little bit carsick he'll be
fine in the Cardinals and he's just like
done and of course he could just be like
done or maybe he's getting like a little
carsick I'm not really sure oh he's
getting nauseous if I'm not driving yeah
I know even if I'm in the passenger side
in the front seat
just having some water kind of like
helps we made that to the beach woohoo
this is Oceanside Pier that's actually
where we filmed the hey girl music video
for Nelson at the helm do you guys
remember that that was so cool if you
guys haven't seen that I'll put a link
below in the description but it is
looking busy there's actually a lot of
people in the water too not as cold as I
think yeah okay we need to get one of
these
he's called bicycle face all he's
excited that we're here ah just kidding
it's a wall mural that I tricked you
guys all right you guys so this is our
view for the day you got the pier the
beach you got Mimi and Papa little Holly
in this tank hey kiddo Hey and all he's
trying to stand up in this a normally
yes Wally just grab on to and stand up
on high this is Ali's first time feeling
sad
try and keep their hands off oh not cool
don't put in your mouth on the day stand
is overrated it's just a bunch of tiny
rocks
can I take a trip down to the water he's
gonna put his feet in standing on you
yeah a little rocky over on this side of
the pier but
come on Ali the water is freezing cold
you guys another one sure it's got a
little wet whoo that's cold huh he's not
mad I complaining huh
I saw this booty bus on the internet
about throwing your kid and I was like
what the dad sees you know and he's like
throwing the kid like barely above them
and then like what the kids season it's
a little bit higher and I was like what
the mom sees and it's like a mile above
it that's really honest that's actually
what I was thinking as he was soaring
about like yeah that's really high is he
does this thing called sand crab huh and
where she puts her fingers in the water
it usually bakes so nice out here you
guys taking a baby to the beach it's
just cool to be able to like do
something like that you know what if you
like grows up to be like a surfer or
something and he's like come down to the
beach and you sir
Wow look at all her babies
you ever see them that slow that's crowd
small like maybe they're born in the
spring and then one by the time we see
them in the summer they're bigger yeah
take a moment to appreciate this guy's
epic setup he's got going on
he's got headphones he's got his little
like do you see he's got little like a
little switch controller on his belt and
the thing to scoop it up he's gonna find
someone's diamond ring babe he's gonna
find it today he will lose good stuff at
the beach
I want sunglasses yeah that's the best
I've lost all right Ali gonna be a bumpy
ride now okay we got his ride and we are
headed to the end of the pier
because Missy has to have chicken strips
from rubies they're like amazing right
as a helicopter pelicans got paparazzi
all up in here
this is his pier we just walk on it
waiting for a table there rubies and
we're getting this guy to sleep baby
asleep we can eat like normal people
just ate and now we got shakes
I got a st. Patrick's Day one so it's
got little leprechauns they just rounded
up a bunch of leprechauns and put them
on my fake that's what happened true
story you guys know it's not just meant
but I always get mrs. cherry because she
don't like cherries do you like real
cherries oh you like cherries I like
real cherries these are like better than
real cherries like candy chariots I'm
not real cherry holy that's a purge
right that's appropriate what nothing do
you see that big fish he said croaker a
croaker is that a fish to let that
character care caricature
stand down appear so Oliver skinned his
character you're done
yeah so happy to get his picture gone I
guess huh
 me
you're gonna be a star buddy you're the
our star oh that's you I turned out so
dope look at that monkey
that's so baller and this is cam by the
way if you guys want to go check out his
website I will link it below in the
description but he does awesome work
look at that monkey babe lay tail oh my
crop you guys so something crazy just
happened it's just like changed my whole
night as you guys know we went to the
beach today
a little over an hour drive away we met
Missy's parents there because they
actually took a little vacation and they
were there for a couple days and so we
met them there but we went to go eat at
Ruby's we left all our stuff on the
beach with her parents they were very
hot and exhausted because they had been
there already for like six hours and so
they were just going to go and
apparently Missy was under the
impression that they took all our stuff
with them brought it home so that we
wouldn't have to go back to the beach
and grab it all it literally was just
walking down the stairs and was like hey
Missy where's your camera I need to you
know edit the vlog and then her mom says
oh that's in your bag it was on the
beach we didn't get it we didn't get the
bag on the beach so it is 8 o'clock at
night and I'm basically racing to the
beach gonna see if our stuff is still
there I'm really frustrated because it's
I got to it's an over a two-hour drive
round-trip and it's so late I don't even
know if it's gonna be there so I'm
trying not to freak out I'm trying to
just be calm and just say you know I'll
get there in an hour
people still hang out at the beach after
9 o'clock I'm sure it'll be there right
one hour later I'm back at the beach and
I'm headed back over to where our stuff
was there's a lot of people here so
hopefully they just let it be Oh
oh my gosh you guys everything's here
I'm freaking out
awesome yeah so amongst all this
partying and having fun was all our crap
just sitting there but I'm so grateful
oh my gosh you guys I am so glad that
everything was still there that was so
nerve-wracking
and honestly you know the whole way I
was just like just trust in God that
whatever happens happens and it was all
there and I'm just so thankful I'm like
beyond thankful I would have been so mad
look at this picture that Missy took of
Oliver and I today at the beach like if
I had lost that that's something that I
would like I would never be able to get
that back you know where all the footage
that we took today if I'm at the beach
oh it was just so important relieved
that we got it so thumbs up for that you
guys I've got a long drive ahead of me I
got to go home but I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog we will see you
guys tomorrow
holy crap you guys that was an insane
night I still cannot believe all our
stuff was there that was just kind of
one of those things where I'm like thank
God I was thinking about this on the way
home like you can always buy another
camera you know but all those moments
that you're actually going to capture
using it are totally like irreplaceable
and priceless and I'm just so happy that
we were actually able to keep that
footage of Oliver like getting into the
ocean for the first time because that
would have sucked if we wouldn't have
gotten that was just such an important
moment in his life I think anybody see
anything you want to say about the
situation I will say that as we were
leaving the pier we actually me and my
brother actually saw the stuff on the
beach we he actually said is that our
stuff and I said oh no mom and dad
already got it but that looks like it
that's kind of funny oh my gosh and he
even said well isn't that where we sat I
said oh no that's just like a few spots
down but that's I was like wow that's
crazy they have the same tent is us and
then we just kept walking I should have
thought about it life lesson you guys
trust your gut trust your instinct and
if you ever go to the beach check the
sand make sure you didn't lose anything
so silly my mom felt so bad but it's not
it was total miscommunication its
domination
I still love you thank you for cooking
me thanks anyway hey also you guys
really excited I totally forgot to
mention this but one year ago today was
the first time I felt Oliver
remove in Missy's belly it's a really
cool vlog so if you click that your one
button at the end slate or in the
description below you guys can watch
that and see what we were doing one year
ago thank you guys for watching we'll
see you tomorrow
if Missy doesn't lose all of our cameras
between this time and tomorrow she's
glaring at me okay bye
