good morning AC and good morning to them
hey come buddy I'm in a car hi YouTube
hi YouTube yeah I guess um after I do
read okay hang up he's got a zephyr
straight okay all right sorry
is it cold
are you doing your changed ride with me
this is our sign baby good boy
there's gonna do amazing things all
right thank you yeah after I rewatched
it I didn't realize it did sound more
like you said hi YouTube not hi how are
you but I just like heard I was like oh
my gosh what do you say hi good morning
guys we are headed just went to school
but Brian and Brian all I know how to
swim I'll let you past it I'm really
excited I hope he has fun he slept in
today so he's not the top of his game
but hopefully you know he doesn't fall
asleep during class this morning it's
just an Oliver a another little boy
who's actually similar to his age but
it's cute his are all sort of doing the
same activities and stuff all right you
guys ready
I always thought that maybe the ball
thing it just looks like so much fun are
you doing something new today was he
supposed to do that looks like you have
a fun up oh my god Holly hey
Allie can you call over here come here
don't this ball come here yeah let's see
let's see your new crawl come on it's
like Oh mom hey oh nope that's not it
he's starting to do the actual crawl
where he's on his knees and his hands
and he's crawling but he only does every
once around me sometimes we'll switch
back to the army crawl you're getting
too big he wants it want this I'm gonna
play a little fetch go get that go get
the toys Belem up up up another bottle
about up a lot better than up at that
man
does anyone else when you're in a car
just feel like you're like the most
amazing musician and not a magician like
singer like I feel like when you're in
the car and you're singing along to
music you're like damn I'm like the best
singer in the world or like you come up
with a little hook and you're like dang
I should write a song or so it's
something about the car and like the
animosity and Nami modest CC that I
don't know I'm looking for a word here
just like the fact that you're alone and
like no one will ever hear your thoughts
are hear what you're doing and you could
just come up with any cool thing you
want to
and you could just feel proud about it
you know what I mean you sitting here
being so gyote all right there's all
your toys
and Aunty and me now come over here come
on
come here oh no what get on your knees
yeah still doing that army crawl thank
you
it's so nice out today it's supposed to
be like 88 today I don't know if it's
getting that hot our way is it supposed
to 88 I think supposed to 88 tomorrow
it's so hot right now what's starting to
get so hot in California and I know
we've been talking about going to floor
in a lot just because we're really
excited but everyone in the comments is
telling I said it's cold in Florida that
I'm like no it's supposed to be hotter
in Florida I'm buying like shorts and
tank tops and like getting ready for
Florida but a lot of people are telling
us that like there's a cold front and
that it's gonna be there next week too
so I'm like blah whatever rain shine Sun
it doesn't really matter we're gonna
have a blast so Brian is off he's taking
some photos and stuff and we're gonna
play outside I've been doing tons of
laundry today trying to catch up I came
up with like this cool idea where I was
like wait one day I'm gonna do a load
and the next day I'll fold it and the
next day I'll do another load and for
some reason I just never end up folding
it hope with these ideas like oh this
will work good I don't know I bet other
moms do that leave in the comments if
you guys try and like motivate yourself
with doing little things at a time but
it just sometimes doesn't work for me
we're gonna play and the swing you ready
to get in the swing she's been so cute
today he's just been playing like a like
a little baby boy huh
hey and Karma's ready we this fun alley
right home you are a naughty dog I want
to know if there's any frisbee that you
can't tear up so you just got home and I
got a bottle of water but apparently I'm
not allowed to drink it does this guy
wants to chew on it I think he's trying
to like copy me you know and take a
drink of water here just give me some
water
what do you think gosh this was my
bottle of water why you gotta take
everything from me
we can't go on an adventure right gonna
go on an adventure right gonna go on an
adventure cry hey look it's a camera do
you see it you want to grab it Oliver
Gousha ah what are you doing up there
fun just hanging out mom yeah I feel
like you know that new video game
titanfall we can jump in the Titan and
like oliver's Titan hahaha just jumps up
on me buddy we're headed into Sam's
cupboard I gotta tell you um what
surfaces it's peek well it closed at
6:00 p.m. it's like impossible to but as
long as you get in before 6:00 p.m.
right yes I look like buckling inside 39
you're like yeah I can save three oz for
anyways yeah I posted at 6 p.m. you can
stay if you get like a better membership
for like three extra hours of course we
didn't get that membership but like it
is seriously impossible to make it to
the grocery store before 6 p.m. I just
don't understand the concept why would a
grocery store closed before 6 p.m. just
stupid but anyways that is a lot of
ranch dressing you guys hey Missy if we
never need ranch for like a hundred
people we can get it here
it's good to know to store Missy when I
was growing up my mom bought a huge
thing of this mayonnaise right and we'd
like use this entire thing of it and
punch which by the way when you get down
to the bottom it's usually expired right
we feel like it'd be bad well apparently
she tells me story about this I don't
remember but I used to take a spoon of
this and eat it no yes when I was I was
very very little she I was like four
years old and I took a spoon and I just
ate straight mayonnaise so disgusting I
did gross things when I was a kid I
swear whenever we're out in public
people like gravitate toward Oliver it's
the craziest thing right I know they're
they always look at him and they're like
oh baby baby and I'm just like is it
every baby is if you just have a baby do
people just gravitate to your baby they
have magnetic magnetic pole you know and
he loves it he loves saying hi to Pete
sees like oh hey he smiles at them and
looks up at their Holly hey cutie pie
would eat oh oh you're trying to climb
out now perhaps Tommy now he want to
come out mommy is in the kitchen and she
is making you food she's making you food
kiddo what you want to crawl out now
what are you making making up applied
for applesauce we're saying you're
wearing a dress that makes it look like
you should be making apple pie I'm
making carrot and I'm making butternut
squash see you got carrots in here can I
open it
whew steamy carrots so you're making him
food yeah are you making me food um yeah
I am actually
pick up yeah I'm working on this I'm
making like a ton of food and maybe
it'll be good for like the week Oh
bubble bath dad's getting ready for you
you excited girl those bubbles he just
ate and it was like a screaming mess the
entire time but Missy made him a fresh
avocado and carrot tonight and you ate
lots of it huh num num num YZ whoa
that's a lot of bubbles ha kid
some of them we'll just put some right
there where's that who is that on top of
you let's give more more boo-boos Holly
look here
what you got this cool hairdo going on
I'll hey well this is a new thing you
trying to escape
the tub look at that Mohawk work alright
so check out this coconut oil I got
today at Sam's Club okay a ton of it it
was like eight bucks which was usually
more expensive now you know she had 20
ounces of this coconut oil it's organic
extra virgin oil under find oh oh well
so pretty much excited about it because
I've been doing everything been putting
a lot on him lately um cuz he's been
doing swimming and so he's getting like
a little bit drier skin and I've been
putting it in his bath so we practically
baited it and then after you get that I
put a little on him very much very
impressed with this deal this is a lot
of coconut oil for like if he was like
868 or something like that anyways we're
getting ready for bed I got a ton of
stuff to do I gotta go pray like three
different kinds types of food is second
I got to put her in the bed I'm three to
go to bed but if you have not um RSVP to
our Orlando meetup please do so it's in
the description we really want to know
if you're going sums up the video if you
liked it thumbs up for all these new
hairdos oh that is the cutest hairdo
ever you need a haircut yeah you need a
haircut oh gosh she's got okay alright
guys see his wrong fine and then I
and you don't pull that hold that hold
that
that's open you're good Oh Cassie you
chickened out
okay
