I don't know if you guys can tell in the
camera but there's like this amazing
golden light coming out of the sky right
now and it's beautiful but not really
for good reasons that idea of losing
your home and everything in it is really
really scary it really puts life into
perspective you know
good morning what are you doing buddy
you're riding on your car scooter what
what bubbles come out that's so cool
oh you got a dance in the bubbles Ben
got this little scooter for his birthday
and bubbles come out of it how neat
I think the Johnson got this for him and
he is loving it is that Lightning
McQueen here hop on do you know how to
make it work you got a kick in it's
probably not the best place to ride it
either Wow
good morning guys Missy is gone getting
some pampering done with Kelsey her
birthday is tomorrow which I'm really
excited about Ollie is at school so Finn
and I are just you know aren't we having
so much fun yeah yeah that's how you do
it you got a kick just like that good
job good job keep going keep going do it
again
can you kick buddy he'll learn it
eventually
all right okay so I have a little
announcement to make today on
youtube.com slash daily bumps we are
gonna put up two videos because we shot
a really awesome pancake art challenge
Halloween edition and I wanted to put it
up and I didn't want to put it in the
blog and I kind of wanted it to be on
its own so we're gonna try something new
and we're gonna put it up on this
channel also so that will be going up at
noon Pacific Standard Time today
couple hours after this goes out so if
it's up right now it'll be in the iCard
above I still don't know which corner it
is can you guys comment below which
corner is the iCard in why not because
I'm looking at the screen I think it's
backwards for me is it this corner hey
let's call this corner a we call this
corner B is that weird or should we call
this corner let's call this corner a
this corner B which one is the high car
did I need help putting up a really
funny bonus video today so be sure to
check that out at noon Pacific Standard
Time on youtube.com slash the other
books Mama's home
so I really practice my balancing yeah
not like you got enough workout in huh
this is honestly pretty adorable oh the
tiles not fun
yeah the tile can not be fun welcome
home babe
I don't know if you guys can tell in the
camera but there's like this amazing
golden light coming out of the sky right
now and it's beautiful but not really
for good reasons because that is a fire
extremely close to our house one of my
worst fears is probably seeing fires up
here because this is such a high-risk
area but yes
there is a huge brush fire going on
right here this is five miles away and
it already turned from 15 acres to 50
just in the last hour so I'm a little
tense and I'm watching it and I saw the
Sun and I was like oh my gosh it's like
everything is so golden right now
because of the smoke in the air oh I
can't imagine like I've been seeing all
the fires
it's so sad and crazy because people
lose everything you lose everything
so I'm just hoping that it stays away
and then it's not gonna be a problem
Missy saw this coming up the hill and
then we looked it up about five miles
away hoping they'd have it under control
it's white smoke right now so I
definitely think they're working on it
yeah hopefully it's not spreading too
much more do you guys see this on the
ground it's like golden seriously golden
that's the only way I can describe it I
haven't seen the Sun do that here and
look yeah you can actually see the smoke
the sun's going through it right now and
there it is right there this is in the
courtyard literally just doubled and
there's helicopters flying thinking
maybe we should have some sort of plan
if we are evacuated
all right Missy has been in the garage
setting up our haunted maze
so we're blacking out all the windows
and such but check out this huge spider
we got is this so cool I think we're
gonna put this up like in the courtyard
to decorate for the Halloween party but
I wanted to see what Finn thought of it
when I do this we have it hooked up to
our little motor thing you want to see
yeah this is so cool we have it on the
engine block remove all I can lift it up
and lower it but you were like that'd be
so cool for the maze but we'd have to
replan at all yeah in that spooky
this was just about a seven minutes ago
fire is now up to 200 acres you guys and
pushing east-northeast kind of toward us
oh my goodness look at that and then you
look up and there it is hey ollie you
see that fire not crazy what did the Sun
look like when you were on your way home
it was orange that's crazy
yeah how was school buddy you had a good
day
I missed you what'd you do in school
today I paint candy corn Stan I eat oh
that's right I'm gonna see should we
show the vlog whoa dude you did this
that's awesome look at you stayed in the
lines really well huh and then you glued
up popcorn kernels to it that's cool you
got to eat candy corns while you painted
candy corns oh when you are done that's
so cute look at his little fall art you
guys that's very cute
so it's super beautiful out here and
golden but not for great reasons the Sun
is through smoke right now because we've
got a bit of a situation near our house
hoping they have the fire under control
so update on the fire you guys still
going I've heard it's now at 200 acres
and I actually just found out the reason
it was started was because someone was
writing their motorcycle in the
Cleveland National Forest they crashed
and a fire started the bike was
destroyed it was on fire he had to run
three miles back to his car by then the
fire was just blazing and that's when he
reported it so crazy it's happened so
close to us you guys and like just a
couple of weeks ago we were reading
about the Napa fires and like that was
so devastating and like oh man the
pictures that were coming out of that
were just insane I think we're okay
there is people further up into the area
where we live that are evacuating
voluntarily we have everything ready to
go we need to evacuate it wouldn't be
that hard to grab what we need and go
it's just stuff but it is also very
scary and just that idea of losing your
home and everything in it is really
really scary it really puts life into
perspective you know what I mean
the families here they're all safe and
everyone's fine think though winds have
changed too so air quality is not that
bad up here which is really nice but
probably in the city it's it's not
something you want to be walking around
in so that's a little update on the fire
definitely has been stressing me out all
day hen karma - I think he can sense it
that's right there though moved from
there to there hey guys I've had such an
awesome day and I've been super busy but
Kelsey took me out and we actually did
yoga this morning which was really fun I
haven't done yoga in like at least four
years I may have done a couple times
we've at right after all I was born but
it's been a long time since I've done
yoga so I was like super out of practice
and then she took me to go get a
pedicure and it was just such a nice
morning and then I came home and I've
been working like crazy on our haunted
maze which is looking so good I'm so
excited about it but I've definitely
been in the middle of doing the maze
been really keeping an eye on the fire
which is super scary look at this
outside it's literally just like a gray
like sky over us I will say it is
looking a lot better
they are evacuating but I think they're
evacuating so that they can like do
something specific to try and help stop
the fire but I just it doesn't look as
dark as it was it seems like mostly
white smoke but I don't know the exact
stats on it all but it's definitely
really free
you definitely scary that it is so close
like I hope it doesn't go all night or
like we're gonna be watching it really
closely probably all night so crazy
if you're wondering Finn is still
wearing that little Mickey Mouse
bracelet that Ollie got him and he loves
it huh you did so good picking that out
just sitting here hanging out with the
boys will they get some last minute
plays in before it's bedtime it has been
such a busy busy day a fun day and guess
what guys tomorrow is mommy's birthday
oh my god you guess how I am that's a
little better
I'm not a hundred and I'm not seven and
a half I am going to be 28 28 yeah 28
that is pretty old though it's like a
hundred I love you hi Gilda how do I do
that how do I get to 28 you got to be
really careful make sure you don't you
know get into any accidents hurt
yourself you got to eat really good food
and you know I don't know mostly luck
really he's like mom we're done anyways
we had a good day hi anyways we want to
ask you how old are you are you 100 or 7
and a half we want to know how they you
ollie
um full and how do you
day to go and I'm going to be 28 anyway
give this video a big thumbs up if you
enjoyed it
oh there it is Thursday's and we'll see
you guys tomorrow what do you say
