good morning you guys is so early this
morning it is like 6:30 oh my gosh it's
so early
okay I'm just I totally can't lie to you
guys it's like 10:15 baby boy that's
nice hi this is our Sunday
boy he's gonna do amazing things but
I've actually read it over to a friend's
house to shoot a video so hungry this
morning I woke up so starving and so I
got my bagel and cream cheese in the
passenger seat
does anyone else do this let me know
like running out of the house and you
need food not even like portable food
this is not portable food you guys this
is food you should eat while sitting
safely at a table Siri trying to vlog
here but I have to put it festers red
light can totally eat my bagel no this
isn't wearing at all
oh geez what's going on with my hair
right now good morning guys Oliver is
waking up from his nap which means it's
time to get excited get up I see you
though hi baby are you doing did you
have a nice nap so I started playing
this music yesterday it's on um YouTube
it's like eight hours of lullabies and
here's having hard time sleeping
yesterday and I put him in I put it on
and he literally slept awesome
he's act awesome ha and at one point um
but I was like oh I just I need that
music off it's so annoying because we
had to sleep with it um and you can hear
it very clearly with the monitor
yeah-huh and the minute Brian came in
here and turned off the music
Oliver woke up like the music seriously
has been working which is weird cuz he's
been sleeping without music and then all
of a sudden he was just like I can't
sleep and I put music on a Newark's oh
okay first of all you have to see Daisy
in this awesome princess getup
yes they want to see you you look so
cute
you're so cute Charlie I'm not Daisy who
are you
Penn yo there you go she's Rapunzel can
I ask you a question what is your
favorite thing to have in the morning to
eat help me yeah ooh don't tell the
camera can you show them your princess
wave at least Rapunzel princess wave ooh
princess wave Emily I just shot a quick
videos we make music together you guys
musical goodness so you can go check it
out it's on my channel we answered some
of your questions too so go check it out
also I feel like I need to show this
what is that is a chicken and that is a
dog is it's not like the cutest porch
thing you guys have ever seen
this is so legit right now high-poly
hyppolit Polly's not the chicken by the
way Pauly's a dog I see I'm not mean
Kathy MA
oh look at that boy you're just swimming
today oh oh gosh hold on tight mmm
and this bad cat is Tom what up hey hey
hey hey look he gives kisses watch ha ha
ha that's amazing it's like the longest
cat in the world
dang legit right there hey girl yeah
that's your prince Oh
like no it's hoping swimming in and I'm
actually taking Ollie and my mom coming
to and we're so really excited to go
swimming hey that's what they have this
thing
Brian was actually going to come and
take pictures of him we're gonna do six
month photos like another session of six
month photos of him in the water but
he's gonna edit and somebody brought my
mom and so we're just gonna swim
together
a king is kicking kicking at the box is
oh yeah yeah and then you have to get in
your mouth he's doing so good with this
kicking okay Ally come here come see me
oh so good it was actually good he
didn't say the MS oh good job nothing
indicated a little bit of a shock yeah
it's like wait what are you doing
nobody so we've been waiting for Ollie
to wake up from his nap he got home from
swimming and I guess just like it always
wears him out so much huh
he's sleeping away but I actually just
finished editing the video I did over at
Emily's house if you guys want to see
that I'll have a link below and Missy's
video did go up today - it went up a
little bit late but if you guys didn't
see that she did like a February faves
and let me know what you guys think
because we're trying out something new
with the audio and it's not as great as
the lapel but it's so like the lapel was
so distracting and Missy hated it like
when we had to put on the lapel it
scratches your skin huh I love my hair I
just want my hair to do whatever it
wants to do yeah her hair would always
like rub it and it always like bisa it
like you could hear it in my hair a
different way yeah Mike wouldn't get
annoyed yeah so we're using this new
microphone and it's okay the quality is
pretty good it's a lot easier to edit -
which is nice cuz I'm not dealing with
like two different audio files and a
music file and the video file and
syncing everything together and stuff
like that just trying to simplify
everything a little bit go watch those
videos oh and if you guys didn't know
the new year's cover is officially on
iTunes and you can buy that and I would
love it if you bought it I'll have the
links below for the Google store Amazon
and iTunes I got a monkey crawling up my
leg crawling up my leg killer voice up
he's like still tired he's trying to
pull himself up but he's tired he looks
cute now but he just got done spinning
up all over me this is really in spit-up
in a couple of weeks yeah does that just
happen they stop spitting up at some
point well because he started saw it I
think it helped oh I see you running
errands
I don't know what we're gonna do after
that you have any plans you want to go
drive through the mountains and you want
to go to site scenes we used to do that
in high school we just want to go hang
out and so we would just like literally
take a drive and we try and get lost
remember that yeah we got lost
yeah we did before I thought it was so
yeah we would just like drive as far as
we could without like paying attention
and then just see if we can find our way
back it was fun we were crazy high
school kids crazy and love just jealous
cause we're young and in love you know
it's fun no it's a song okay what song
is it you guys know let me know the
comments all of us guessing I love doing
this you guys when a car in front of us
has a TV and they're watching something
guess what it is what is it babe
Aristocats really is that a rustic house
you guys let me know if you know in the
comments is it oh there's a cat talking
we are at savers now in this little guy
to the little nap in the car and now
we're looking at knickknacks literally
look at there's a site it just says
knickknacks my first tooth
you'll see is that something like they
actually keep your tooth yes where are
my teeth what smart probably right now
hey that's the weirdest thing ever do
parents really keep their kids teeth
like when he loses a teeth we put it in
a little box and then keep it that
sounds like something a serial killer
would do doesn't it you want to keep it
first - a fake ruin of gums um no it's a
horrible
yo man horrible person for saying that
Missy do you want a sculpture of a
monkey smoking a bomb no that monkey is
getting high oh it's a sex of a phone
god I'm sorry
look what I just found you guys it's a
Robi I used to have one of these when I
was little you put a quarter right here
and then you push it down and then it
goes up and he like eats it and it saves
it for you it's a little robot fake oh
my gosh I thought my mom my mom would be
freaking out if she saw this right now
because it's just like so cool this was
like iconic are you being me I'm in my
sweatpants now happy how I feel when I
put my robe on happy place now when I
put my robe on that's seriously how I
feel I'm just like I was this close to
just wearing these all day tomorrow just
gonna wear them all day I'll be in with
you all wear my sweatpants do it I have
I've kind of like matching her why is
that kid not wearing any clothes we're
terrible parents put on some clothes kid
oh oh that's the best you have butternut
squash on your forehead imma give me
Oh again oh she got it Oh gotcha Molly
oh no here she comes in Oh No
oh he's got your belly good free cheese
butterscotch like all over it's ready
thanks mom
now I'm washed LaBrie I'm exhausted we
have a very very busy day huh huh kids
did we have a busy day yeah oh yeah time
to me
I guess hope you guys enjoyed about
thumbs up if you are you doing all right
see it's wrong why is so weird every
time a few moments later a cute family
time why are you posing for photos yeah
he's like really okay
you were so dumb done I believe believer
possible or his mom's in your video I
thought it was a photo too oh I guess we
didn't actually make an official
announcement that always crawling I know
we've talked about it but is crawling
and we're gonna show you a little bit of
it I'm calling right now so let's do
this are you gonna do it you gonna crawl
all over come over here Ali oh oh he
always does this he decides he wants to
get on the step
