good morning guys there is a little baby
in here and he's been smiling up at us
in the monitor so we're gonna get him
we're gonna get you hey kid what are you
doing are you literally trying to
squeeze your head in there cuz that
ain't gonna work sorry
big bright pink with a bomb yeah very
nice of you
this is our son baby
is going to do amazing things that's
what you deal when you wake up your kid
look at this cute little face oh my gosh
what are you doing - good morning to
yourself oh it's your friend and say
good morning Ali I missed you this will
be Ollie and this will be Oliver okay
every night you could say good night to
ollie and everyone you can say good
morning to ollie oh wait doing up there
and you just children my hair
yeah he's drilling all up in your hair
yeah boy give me good money money
good morning good morning good moon a
Monday morning this is how we do
mornings you did Bob's household feels
like it Oh more buggies up there I see
buggy down boogers yeah Oh didn't want
to shove her under your nose beer out of
the house running errands we got tons of
filling to do so that's always in a
vlogging episode DOS yeah we're really
excited by the second episode I think
it's gonna be actually really funny
maybe even funnier than the first one
they want to mention that I'm deciding
to wear
what's this summer did you hear me
shot sorry
yeah I'm wearing shorts this summer and
I don't Brian all right I have the
whitest legs on the planet paper they're
like paper yeah they're like blinding to
you like this is Milo's armor that's not
the those are my legs
I decided though I'm just gonna start
early with the shorts let my legs tan a
little bit maybe they'll get a little
Sun the same time I laid my eyes don't
tan like I cannot share the tannest I've
seen you is when you went to the tanning
salon for like two days
yeah like oh you you have color for our
wedding
I think this has ever been was our
wedding and I was like I was like I am
NOT walking down the aisle on a white
dress and pale
skin I'm thinking about cheating because
I don't necessarily I'm not going to sit
out tan four hours a day because I don't
have the time for that
nor do I really want to subject myself
to rays of Sun that's gonna give me
cancer it's not like not good to say out
loud though is that supposed to be like
a secret my not supposed to tell you
that I want to do a spray tan for you
supposed to you're not supposed to admit
that you got a spray I cut that out no
we don't cut it out so anyways I might
get a spray tan I'm just gonna be honest
okay all right so we're up Freebirds
grabbing some burritos for lunch and
Missy got a burrito freedom looks like a
first burrito you guys yeah even got a
little cilantro in there huh first
burrito
you like it
you want any like sauce on it no how do
you like them we're at a party store
right now we're actually picking up some
props for the video we listen we can get
costumes like not around Halloween yeah
this is like the only place so it's not
here into limos - oh yeah moustaches
wigs armor look I just up here any kind
of party you can think of it's here I
just watched my baby stand up in his
crib with the monitor let's go see what
are you doing it's standing there stink
Irvine so proud of him oh did you just
stand up in your crib all by yourself
just took like an hour nap and I watched
him wake up and kind of like rolled up
rolled around for a little while
and then he sat up and then you just
stood up you just stood right up okay I
just can't get over it you mean so good
today
there you go next week's look who's
vlogging is not only gonna have Olly but
karma makes an appearance don't you yes
you do
he also wears this bad boy it captain
chameleon huh
captain Karma captain cut the Karma oh
man we just got done filming a ton of
stuff we're look who's vlogging you guys
know if you like these little behind the
scenes or if you just don't want us to
show you anything so you can be
surprised well like we just put so much
effort into every single episode we want
to show you so we've literally been
filming for like three hours in this
room and we did it we did it look I did
it hey hey boy yo I just want to say we
make it look pretty easy but it's hard
as a baby oh my gosh you know how hard
it is to film a video with a baby and
then on top of that a dog like I always
say that um you know like when you're
doing photography and stuff the hardest
clients are babies and animals and cuz
they just they're hard to work with they
just don't do what you're told which I
completely understand but uh oh I was
and say I also just ordered this mic so
I got this cool video mic on my camera
so we're going to be trying audio with
this instead of the little web pals and
I know a lot of people have said I hate
that you can see the lapel on your thing
when you do YouTube videos move to I
hate it but you get such good audio from
it that we've been using it so now that
I have maybe like a nice mic on my
camera we might be able to do without so
that should be really nice oh and I also
ordered this bad boy boom yeah this is a
blue snowball microphone these things
are so cool they're really really good
audio we're gonna be putting it to work
so pretty excited about that I guess we
didn't actually make an official
announcement that always crawling I know
we've talked about it but is crawling
and we're gonna show you a little bit of
him crawling right now so let's do this
hey gonna do it
you gonna crawl all over come over here
Ali oh oh he always does this he decides
he wants to get on the step yeah give me
that he's fast okay he's really fast
it's kind of crazy
holy Darkness Batman I hate think it's
dark so early here you guys it really is
just like total thumb skill what hey
mister what are you doing sitting here
trying to pull himself up on here he's
actually getting it quite sopping wet
which is always fun whoa are you okay
you wanna play with your toy he
literally loves this thing he'll sit
here and just like play with the balls
when they bounce forever is the cutest
thing going oh I really want to stand up
really really nice hand up there you go
up always to the phone I don't know what
it is with these kids these days but
they're really into the phones it's not
like I let them play with the phone hey
Dad I fine oh don't hit yourself no I
can't wait till though the beach oh man
this summer hanging out at the beach
taking Oliver to the beach and like
having that
Oshin experience oh sorry I'm like
really gassy right now that's just
something I can't wait for it's like
taking my kid to the beach you know I I
always talk about like these cool little
milestone things we get to do as parents
like when we took him trick-or-treating
that was so cool because that's like a
thing that parents get to do with their
kids right there was a time but I don't
think we'd ever get to be parents you
know so when we do cool things like that
it's just like blows my mind so like
there's that and then like taking them
to the park on the swings like that was
such a surreal moment like I'm pushing
my son on the swings right now I just
think that taking him to the beach and
like playing in the water and stuff that
in itself is gonna be such like a cool
moment for us I don't want to get all
deep on you guys but it's just so much
fun being a parent I look at couples
like Katie and : you know our friends
and in Alabama they are so deserving
they deserve a family so badly this is
something I want everyone to have you
know I know it's not everyone's like
Forte to have kids and raise kids and
have a family but it's just such an
amazing feeling and I really think Shay
Carl says it best when he says the
meaning of life is is loving someone
more than you love yourself and and
that's definitely how I see Oliver I
gotta just talk about Bates Motel right
now I started the other night because um
Kelsey and corn were talking around I
was like what the heck is Bates Motel
but I watched the first episode actually
I was like thoroughly like disgusted and
freaked out after the first episode I
was like I am NOT watching that show
that show is creepy and weird and now
I'm like totally upsets of that it's
like really interesting and really
creepy and weird and um I haven't quite
figured out if he's schizophrenic or
multiple has multiple personality
disorder or both or what but it's like
crazy interesting huh he's like yeah
what did it man hmm
does he like it he did yesterday what is
it I brought in that squash butternut
squash no tookie-tookie Toby Toby Toby
Toby Toby Gigi
he literally makes you say the whole
thing before he opens his mouth the
ticket time took dictation - me too -
okay
apparently there's gonna be a tornado
where for you
there's no tornados California I know I
guess there's like really severe storms
coming on Friday oh snap
that sounds crazy Oh on that note I'm
gonna go ahead and end the vlog I hope
you guys enjoyed it click thumbs up if
you did and maybe some sleep Barbara's a
boy turkic Missy will have a video up
today but it'll probably be up later if
you had a hard time putting all eight
asleep anyway yeah we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye here you wanna watch out
watch out watch out the apples gonna eat
you yeah good thing it's only four grand
I am so amazed at the story guys they
have so dean of mattresses he just came
out of the thing used to do that all the
time when I wasn't stars like this was
little yeah you just crawled between the
cracks even have mattresses here which
is cool that we're even looking for a
mattress you guys look at they literally
have a palette of just iPads that's
amazing Oliver is definitely bored in
there
