where's Oliver ah there is where's AVI
this is hey kid I don't think this is
how you're supposed to bounce in the
bouncer yeah you're definitely doing it
wrong hey some of those hey this is our
Sunday
boy he's gonna do amazing things there
you go
how's that play some music now that
place you don't like that song oh you
don't like that song oh you don't like
that song
good morning you guys hey good morning
oli no okay you guys actually want to
hear him talk you can go watch his very
first episode of look who's blogging it
went up this morning and everyone really
likes it huh ooh such a bum down just
like that
pick an outfit up for him I have strict
orders from the missus to pick out an
outfit this shirt I'm gonna go with this
one
hey are you chewing on your old diapers
your old honest - aw like a cute like a
little these are oh my gosh these are
the diapers we got right when he was
born to use these little newborn diapers
from honest and now look now look at the
size J Norma's Hey
okay mommy just did a video about
diapers on her Channel and left all the
diapers hanging around for you to play
with huh
so crazy how much he's grown you guys
you guys know you watch them every
single day it's just nuts there we go we
got this awesome hunk to the rescue I
mean I like these pants because they
already have foodies on them so we have
to worry about putting socks on him cuz
he loves to take those things off don't
you you love to just make a ruckus
everywhere you go hey baby if you washed
your hands with in your sink yet I've
always thought of soap and this he
always has soap so I just swapped our
soap things they figure if you're on a
soap you'll probably refill it right so
I could always just keep grabbing your
soap and you take myself totally a.m. I
don't even know where the soap is babe I
just realized that he's wearing a shirt
that says awesome and he loves the song
everything is us
you know how many people have tweeted me
saying that they're going to see the
lego movie cuz we've been like obsessed
over it you haven't even seen it babe
you know the video game came with a free
ticket we should go see it
but it came with a ticket for only $7.25
have you ever seen a movie theater to
have them have a ticket cost $7.25 no
maybe like eight years ago
maybe 1350 I think eleven fifties
matinee now I think it's 1350 now here
in California which is cray cray more
offensive here than it was like in Idaho
all he's getting his hairbrush a little
bit of hair he has Polly senior has much
hairs karma huh all over your body
you're gonna have tons of hair just like
karma that's kidding I excited dream
last night that he had like like hair
down to his back and it was like thick
black coarse hair it was really crazy
how's it look it looks cute
can I see your face there you are feel
like we're getting a really really good
nap schedule I'm actually super happy he
basically sleeps every two hours he's
doing really good sleeping in his crib
for I've actually we've done about an
hour and a half almost every single nap
since like yesterday that's like three
or four naps for hour-and-a-half which
eye is actually really good for us
because he was really starting to like
get used to the whole 30 minute nap
thing and it was just like so random to
and now he's like really starting to
like I think he's just getting used to
sleeping in it yeah and also he slept in
his crib last night till like 4:30
so that's really cool I feel like like
were like slowly working to a full night
in his crib which I'm so happy about
because I feel like I've gone out it's
so like slow and just really casually
and not stressing about it and it seems
to like be really working and I'm not
like obvious like I'm not like
like really stressing about him sleeping
is high but not so good yeah I'm just
really proud of how we are doing naps
and and bedtimes and stuff I'm really
happy that he seems to be coming along I
mean it's been it's been a process it's
been a long road but it's working huh
I showed my boogie is it that we see
boogers and they drive me crazy I have
to get him and he's down I ruled this
putting into bed thing may be careful
with that nights where what happened
last time you're cutting something cut
her finger off you guys we got this
juicy pineapple from fresh and easy
yesterday and we're making some lunch
and Missy's obsessive pineapple now huh
yeah it's really good
hey I have a piece
my god is perfect babe yeah good look at
her son just chilling oh oh he's rolling
back over nope he is oh he's on his
belly he's gonna go Sica he was on his
back babe and now he's like I think so
he's such a smart kid karma you being a
lazy boy on this Monday you wanna come
wake up oli let's go he's a week
sleeping right
say hi Odie okay look he's already
peeking through say good morning hey
kiddo what are you doing you had a good
nap huh you're actually gonna take him
to open swim today but he slept right
through it we were like maybe he'll wake
up before it but he ended up sleeping
for quite a while sure he had a good
refreshing yep we'll catch up and swim
another day K this is what parenthood is
about you guys I just picked that bookie
that I was talking about earlier
yeah reach something there and grabbed
it oh so big and hard people anymore
boogies up there anymore dude dude - can
we show that so we went to Target turn
turn divers my games a gift card and
Missy was like the woman of my clothes
so she changed yes actually Brian was
just telling me yesterday that the
amount of times I change outfits a day
is gonna make it look like we use
footage for mother yeah no I get eight
of its a lot he does so now we're headed
into Sam's Club who's got a membership
here so we're gonna check I look what
you just got it's a to some really cool
just Ana that how it works and you like
what are these called car seat covers
yeah whatever this is really cool
actually
I think these carts are doubles so
they're really if it really fits it
because they're spots for two babies you
know that means to get on that because
if we're going to shop here then we need
to get on having to we obviously need
two babies to fill the carts an owl it's
got a bear and it's got a fox hey what
does the Fox say kid we were just
listening to that but you walk in and
look at this right front by the cameras
they're totally after my heart right
here do you guys see this it's funny and
the 80 inch TV this is just like our TV
except it's like 34 inches bigger look
you know that's insane it's only four
grand I am so amazed at the store you
guys they have Soviet of mattresses he
just came out of the thing you see do
that all the time when I wasn't starts
like this was little yeah you just
crawled between the cracks even have
mattresses here which is cool that we're
even looking for a mattress you guys
look at they literally have a pallet of
just iPads that's amazing
Oliver is definitely boarded there Missy
he needs another baby I know we need
another baby to keep him company in the
giant cart we've walked by this thing at
least three times and every time we do
Missy says we need that no look I need I
need it right guys that looks really
kind of interesting I just don't think
it'd be fun in all practicality all
right Ollie I don't think that's how you
do it Jessica got us um this really
awesome gift thank you so much but Ollie
we set on the ground and he literally
crawled straight to it and he's like let
me and I think he sees this baby on it
having so much fun this is so cool it's
like a ball launcher it's so cool you
want daddy you set this up for you
yeah right we got it all set up turn it
on okay oh my goodness you put them in
there
Wow
that's so cool becomes Karma's like
machine with balls this is so cool I
shot like a little loader thing in there
and sometimes they come out of the mouth
no karma not for you boy there's a ball
grab it yes
there you go now put the ball in there
not in there
this is like really good exercise for
his parents too so we got to like pick
up all the balls it is so cool she also
got all he her she also got karma
present get it karma what is it what is
it what is it a con flyer cool that was
so nice of you Jessica thank you hey
these are good quality ones do they last
a long time whoo all right guys I'm
gonna get all you ready for bed a long
day you ready for bed yeah you're pretty
tired how you missed your other nap you
did so good but then we missed his nap
oh okay good night to yourself say good
night to yourself Molly oh yes yes yes
yeah okay if you guys haven't seen um
Brian put up his video 25 facts about
him and it's pretty interesting 25 facts
about Brian that you may not know and if
you didn't get to see Luke whose
vlogging I think a lot of people really
enjoyed it you got us way past 3,000
likes thank you so much let's get to
5,000 it's like 5,000 yeah yeah shows a
little bit so if you haven't seen it go
see it and give it a thumbs up and if
you forgot to thumbs up I forgive you
just go to it yeah and we have another
episode coming up next week and we're
really excited about - it's can be
really funny hope you guys enjoyed the
vlog all I saying goodnight you think
night good night Olly and night I'll see
you
got the game on paper for bad guy Oh
guys will see a smile thumbs up and
subscribe if you haven't and bye mmm he
just kissed the camera she seemed em nah
nah take my camera can you say mama
