see we do that whoa did mom just kiss
you baby Ollie like raspberries oh you
have to get real Chiodo second huh and
frisbees huh doctor you wanted this is
our son baby
boy there's gonna do amazing things
good morning guys I'm trying to sleep
away this cold man mmm we were good luck
his attack mmm what what hi Radford what
are you doing oh he just kissed the
camera mum you say mama mama like why
did you can you say mama mama hey you
hey you
hi oh my gosh I just had Brian send me
the clip of him saying mama and I'm
freaking out because actually I've heard
him say it multiple times but you never
like wait was that hit and actually he
did it later to um after I got him off
the bed he like looked at me guys mama
I'm like oh my god so I'm just all
excited cuz we caught it on camera and I
don't know I mean it could be chalked up
to just saying things but he's been
trying to say it for a while and he like
looked at me and said he and like he was
kind of like I don't know it definitely
seemed like a word and so I'm calling
mama
it's his first word so excited yeah he
was trying to battle more but I think
that was a specific like mama huh okay
dad dad do you wanna say Dada Dada now
he's like she crazy I have been up early
this morning I got up and I started
doing like tons of sex I've been so
backed up with laundry and just like
cleaning and all that so I've got like
tons of loads in the washer and then I
actually am doing this since Brian was
sick um I
the James axe he was just sniffling and
sneezing all over my blankets not really
a superfan but always on his second nap
of the day and he's been actually
sleeping for like an hour now but we
really need to go the house so I'm gonna
let him sleep actually I'm gonna have my
mom or my sister watch him only sleeps
really quick when we run out of the
house all right here's the baby it's
always nice when a Mimi can watch Oliver
because it's like we get to go on a date
it's like we have no kids yeah we're
actually headed to Target to buy diapers
how romantic on your phone okay
she's working hard oh look you guys how
romantic I'm holding Missy's hands even
hold my hand you gotta hold my phone I
totally need flip-flops you guys because
it's lip weather and I'm rocking
like these ones that are like old and
they make my feet all nasty and dry but
look at this at Target this is the
flip-flop selection basically two pairs
this is for the girls it's this entire
wall how is that fair come on target get
your head together I know miss he's like
who want them all where's daddy
peekaboo what are you doing you're gonna
climb up here he goes climbing up like a
big boy push hey there you go
he's almost getting ready to climb out
of this thing so I don't know if all he
just didn't get a long enough nap or
what but he's like kind of out of it you
seem tired you want to play with your
toy all right well okay no no it just
seems like it doesn't have a whole lot
of energy like he normally does do you
guys see his outfit I dressed him in
this he's wearing a t-shirt again which
is daddy peak and these cool old cargo
pants looks like a little man
cool huh yeah yeah karma karma you and
gimmick it needs a kiss yeah on
occasions give are you kidding oh so
we're right now yeah that's right man -
it is a car like top story now race into
church like we usually are we always are
late to church like all the time if we
go like we're always late we always
usually forget because we're doing
videos and stuff and when we do remember
it's ten minutes before we're supposed
to actually be there just got done
filming a really cool video I actually
explain a lot about why I'm not cloth
diapering right now and what disposable
diapers I'm using and all that saying I
should definitely check out I think it's
really informative and you're really
interesting all we go to church and
should be interesting because he's
hungry and so I'm probably just going to
wear him I don't know about putting him
in the nursery because well nervous
about stuff like that
I shouldn't be but I don't know I just I
don't like the idea of handing my child
over to somebody that to be honest I
don't know them they might be from
Curtin
yeah mom why would you do that also I
wanted to mention that I guess a few
people have said it's like been like oh
my gosh you have a purge yeah you showed
it for the first time yeah so this is my
purse if you guys don't know I do use it
and lately I've been using it more
because what I've done he was not
yelling going over what I've done is
I've actually made my purse like a
smaller diaper bag and so it's really
convenient if I'm like running out of
the house really quick and I just
grabbed my purse but I've got like his
diaper bag let's look what's wrong you
see some attention are you telling them
all about it I don't know I think you
just really want some attention I don't
think a few things the problem but
anyways yeah I've got this smaller
diaper bag and I did bigger diaper bag
okay so we just put Oliver in the
nursery we're gonna test it out I've
heard they're really good they gave us a
little pager and that was us when if he
liked its if you start freaking out
essentially are you okay are you gonna
be okay I don't I don't think Missy's
gonna be okay
Oh
yes
where are
Oh
and there it goes how long was that
mm-hmm 15 20 minutes poor little guy was
so scared it's okay buddy we're right
here oh let me put him in there oh it's
okay it's his first time Oh
so if you guys couldn't tell that was
actually Jeff and Emily who were doing
that little clip of say something they
saying say something because it was sort
of like a family about service and
relationships and stuff but it was cool
getting to see them up there and if you
guys have didn't know I've actually done
covers with them on my channel if you
haven't seen but Oliver is recovering
recovering it's okay
going to church is hard with babies you
guys he's recovering too
yeah so maybe yeah I mean he he just has
to get used to the nursery I think for
us to actually be able to be able to go
to church again look guys I made dinner
I made this garlic and herb chicken from
fresh and easy
we got mashed cheese and gravy and these
like what are these babe like cheddar
garlic biscuits biscuits boom are you
sure how's the biscuit thank you like
them look at Oliver he's just gonna sit
there and stare at all our delicious
food okay
say mama mama mama mama remember when
you said that this morning when that
awesome but actually if you guys really
want to hear him talk then you have to
go see the very first episode of look
who's vlogging it's up now it's up now
go watch it I'll put a link below in the
description and on the screen so you
guys can click it and go watch that very
first episode while you're there be sure
to subscribe to baby league because
Oliver is gonna have a new video up
there every Monday you cited its
seriously so cool you guys have to go
see it and if you go and watch it please
give it a big fat thumbs up let's try
and get it to like 3000 thumbs up can we
do that you guys can do that that would
be so cool for Oliver because he put a
lot of work into it
he worked hard you guys kind of thumbs
up for little
only anyway be sure to go check out the
video we're gonna go I got a flow that
my kid in there well I've let it out
because I accidentally over flooded and
I'm not just gonna throw him in there
I'll place him softly and scrub him cuz
he's a dirty little baby if you guys
liked today's video be sure to give a
thumbs up and we will show you tomorrow
say bye you can say mama now say bye say
bye hand on your mouth bye bye bye bye
bye bye bye bye bye bye bye okay no no
very loudly yeah and they're not seating
anyone about freedom of speech
yeah we are at the game store and like
sweaty boys what doesn't
