oh look at this mommy found a new way to
put on your shoes
now you can't wiggle free ha ha ha ha
parents one kid zero that's you is it
cold are you doing here change side with
me this is our son baby
good boy he's gonna do amazing things
would you guys look at this cutie
patootie look at him hey he's got his
sandals on his nice khaki pants we got
him in this cool little layered
button-up thing it looks layered but
it's deceiving this is actually
connected to this high-five for clothes
trickery no no just Oh
he pretty much high-fived me he pretty
much just high-fived me right now
morning guys it is a beautiful sunny
Sunday in Southern California that was
smooth I was trying to make it soothe
but I feel like it is a beautiful day
here in sunny Southern California on a
Sunday morning there you go now to
consider moisture it's actually 75
pounds nice yeah it's really nice
outside I'm really happy because all of
our slept so good last night although I
did have to spend about an hour trying
to rock him back to sleep because he
woke up at 4 o'clock like hey I'm up I'm
ready to do stuff and I'm like no I'm
going to bed like me I always wake up at
4 o'clock and I'm like I'm ready to take
on the world really no okay I was like
that's the number you're psycho he slept
basically until 10:00 so I was like oh
my god he slept 13 hours in his crib it
was nice but it wasn't it's actually 12
because we did lose an hour because it
was the time change so if you guys
noticed that your vlog is going up at a
different time it that's now our time
cuz yeah not every I don't know everyone
time changes I know weird in 3 because I
guess Arizona and Hawaii don't change it
all Oh real is like randomly yes you
states don't change you always stay the
same that's weird
we hate the time change I think it's
honestly a lot of people hate it I think
there's like people have been trying to
get rid of it for the longest yeah it's
just it's stupid and so computed
although I do like I like the change now
like I I want to be so that it's lighter
later and yeah for us as vloggers and
youtubers we get an hour extra of light
so that is my son
nice it's really confusing it
cool time change is stupid does he like
I'm wearing pretending like he doesn't
like where I hop again this is like our
normal like weekend spot Maya this is
our new Sunday thing Ben I like it
chocolate chip pancakes but does yo I've
never put a bit off live on him cuz he's
winning really nice clothes today I
don't want to mess em up
probably some somehow then you don't
know sometimes you go to a restaurant
there's that drunk guy who's just like
shouting obscenities at all the
customers and like drooling everywhere
and yelling at the top of his lungs
our son is that drunk guy aren't you you
hug him Sophie you're hugging her very
hard hey hey come over here
on a dock yeah
where's mama mama-mama while we're at
breakfast Olly was being a little bit
crazy like Brian was saying he's kind of
like screaming and stuff wasn't being
that battle he was okay he literally
looked at the table next to us and went
like spinning okay well those because he
was trying to say something nice and
then he had food in his mouth isn't
those manners I used to be a little
crazy and there's this old man and he's
sitting at breakfast I guess by himself
I don't know you're behind me yeah you
got you and he literally gave me the
dirtiest look when Oliver scream like he
was just like like that I was like I
didn't really let it bother me I just
turned around turned away cuz I'm like
whatever and you think you can do judge
you know young parents or something so I
didn't really mind but I just thought it
was so ridiculous I bet that happens all
the time though you guys should leave in
the comments if that ever happened to
you if someone's ever giving you dirty
looks cause your kids being a little
crazy so I am I'm not going to not go to
breakfast because all day it's a little
crazy sometimes right yeah we don't like
we shouldn't let him do people think
that we should just like stay at homes
that would like you know people who
judge others are like you should just
hand how many breakfast like whatever
it's like he was like unhappy he was
like he literally had a smile on his
face he was just like yeah
though I have been napping it like crazy
I was so tired and I felt so good but I
didn't sitting here and all he's been
literally laying in his crib for like a
good 20 minutes just hanging out it's so
cute walk to dance I'm gonna go get him
it's being so good not crying anything
just wandering around his crib did you
have a nice nappy hi whoa what you doing
did you seem so good he seemed good baby
hi oh my you gonna grab the camera what
do you do you a monkey whoa whoa yeah
he did it yesterday I say my money goes
and as I gotta let boy yeah let's sound
out he was mama it was so cute it was so
so cute I let him sleep with no clothes
on for the first time what do you think
of that he slept really good so I'm
think he may have like no clothes on is
a little bit warm it's just getting
really warm out and I really don't like
to run the air conditioner a ton
especially um when it's not like
terrible but I let him sleep it has
clothes on I think he really enjoyed it
karma came to see you ah here this is
good you see how I did on me guess what
time it is Oliver time to go back in
you're super fun super amazing epic car
seat aren't you so excited little bit
he's holding it back contain your
excitement please please contain your
excitement let's sit back and relax
going on another adventure we are at
jo-ann fabrics and skips creativity on
yeah we came here cuz Missy's like I
want to make this for all these room and
now we're like oh my gosh let's make
this do and this and this so right now
we've got about three projects going on
and we're choosing pattern oh my gosh
I'm sure there'll be a video up on
Missy's channel sometime
because she's gonna do like a little DIY
thing of how she's doing think it's how
I do it too many options Missy just
keeps fighting monkey stuff Destiny's
Child is on the radio which is awesome
can you paint my baby you came crying
phone bills and also check out this
fabric we just found so we're coming
here for one DIY project right and then
we run into this which is perfect for
his theme so we're doing like geez but
she's doing like critters with monkeys
as I had a critter and this one's got
like owls and it's got a fox and it's
got a squirrel so I think now Missy
wants to make a blanket out of this -
yeah cuz the quilt I was looking I was
quite expensive for just like a quilt
and a tea box
yeah and so I like this one he doesn't
have the monkeys or she hasn't had a
monkey which I really like and I'm
really not about paying $80 for a
blanket that he will never use it's just
for luck I know I was having a hard time
coming to grips with this so if you made
a new friend
very very very this is Mary yeah
hi Mary we're at like a farmers market
store thing grabbing some fruits and
veggies for Holly when he died when I
Sookie who fried zucchini is good fine
up for him uh-huh
get him some of these radishes
happy yummy
like Katy Perry oh that's a thing it
might make some zucchini missus that I'm
gonna try a pair um he's got butternut
squash bananas carrot and what's not
back yummy for Adam cookies so I
just turned on all these baby monitor
and this was what I see he's got a woman
in there
son you got a woman in your room what
are you doing
yeah get out with mommy hey buddy I've
been saying it all day I've been gone hi
buddy one a glass of water too bad it's
on the leg of all day long good cop bad
cop oh oh look at this you guys it is
seven o'clock it's still light out Missy
that's kind of cool huh
Missy's getting crafty over her you
might even break out your sewing machine
huh oh it's okay it's okay
you got potato overuse oh that's what he
sounds like he does this thing where he
like hits his head continuously against
this is that normal babies like hitting
their head on things cool we got to put
your shirt on kid can you let me put
your shirt on he does not I saw him rub
his imma see that means he's tired
yay time change anyone else slept in two
extra hours yeah dude
come on hey if you guys didn't know
today is Monday for you which means that
the look who's blocking episode is up so
definitely go check it out I'll have a
link below in the description it's so
good you guys I feel like these episodes
are getting better and better as we go
along and the voice actor doing all
these voice is even getting better and
better and maybe will tell you who it is
this week people seem to think they know
yeah funny thing everyone guess
yeah how do you think it is anyway I
want to go ahead and the vlog all he's
trying to put a shirt on now you can you
do it no you don't eat it you don't eat
it
ah I hope you guys enjoyed it click the
thumbs up button if you dad
we will see you tomorrow Bam Bam Bam Bam
come on hmm do it in your crib I'm not
hanging out with you in your crew hmm
how'd you sleep it's a taqueria all you
want it huh of course you want this so
logging in the crib huh this is like
daily bumps cribs MTV Cribs
