are you happy baby this morning what are
you doing were you crawling to call
those bouncer is it cold are you doing
your change side with me
this is our son baby
one boy gonna do amazing things
good morning guys Oliver is getting
ready for his swim lessons are you
almost ready
yeah daddy Wow but I'm a little bit
worried today because he woke up a
little bit later than usual which means
he is late for his nap and his nap is
right about now and we're leaving for a
swim in about 15 minutes so that really
sucks
cuz he basically he's gonna be in a
really bad mood once we get to swimming
lessons we got stuff to do today and I
want him to be rested in a good mood so
this whole day could end up backfiring
or it could go really good who knows
hey showing them how to lazy log you
just put this right in your mouth
because you're lazy vlogging yeah Oh
careful with the ones live fun Oh time
to climb on mom okay I'm sick but this
stuff works wonders you guys I picked
this up last night actually not even
that bad tasting it's like cool bursts
I've been using this all night
and I'm still like completely congested
it's ridiculous and a lot of people want
me to use the neti pot I have used the
neti pot before and it just was a
disaster because it just gets stuck and
it like just like I choked on it and
it's just not fun that might be a last
resort kind of thing but they even made
me scan my ID which was the first time
ever buying cough syrup I'm like oh am i
a Tibet mo or Rite Aid it was quite
interesting
Ollie has recently figured out how to go
up stairs well just this one step but
he's gotten this far and I know that he
can go the rest of the way come up here
like slop in the path yeah happy to be I
was actually saving like oh my gosh
snapping the big guy get those legs up
there come on go get those legs oh there
goes one come on dude you can do it
he actually did it yesterday though and
then he turned around and he went down
the stair he like literally went
headfirst but he did it last night was
ruff with oli though when I put him in
this crib it was like 4:00 a.m. I went
back in my room and I had the monitor
and I was watching him as he's trying to
like fall back to sleep and struggle and
at 4:00 a.m. I am funny well I think I'm
funny at 4:00 I am I'm like drunk and I
sometimes send tweets that are like
spelt wrong and that are like don't make
any sense but I think I'm funny and I
think I make a lot of sense at 4:00 a.m.
so this is what I wrote in to my
surprise it's actually spelled all right
and it's pretty good watching my child
sleep can be more exciting and
terrifying than an Olympic sport
his technique is good but his posture is
all wrong hashtag teamollie and with the
American flag
I was drunk tired and I wrote that tweet
but I can't send it 8 characters over
all he's taking a quick catnap before
his evening swim hey buddy you gotta
wake up kid wake up wake up wake up wake
up wake up sometimes I can do this and
he'll literally stay asleep yeah look at
this you guys
he is still asleep check out these cute
shorts we got all in you guys this one
diaper we had was getting a little too
small so we had to get something
different and now he just looked like a
little boy and says I think this is
always like fourth lesson and he started
blowing bubbles at his last open turn so
we'll see what happens
they'll actually do it when it counts
did we take a Fleur
they've got him in this really strange
contraption today I teach him sort of
floating on his belly
about putting on bass
yeah
Oh baby
the biggest thing was hitting them under
- a lot of people want to go down and I
was like you want to go slow and other
people water their nails are
and even green just got home and of
course all I passed out actually in the
car and hopefully he takes a really good
nap because we actually have pictures
later and I'm really hoping that he
wakes up feeling refreshed and happy and
smiley and ready for pictures so it's
always like hard with babies to do
pictures because you have to like time
it perfectly so they're not like
screaming and crying during them we had
a really really good lesson I don't know
if you guys noticed but they actually
just learned a new way to put the babies
under because originally we would blow
into their nose and it would have them
take a breath and then you would
submerge them basically she said that
they can sometimes take in more water
than doing it this other way so this
other way basically they just go top the
head down so the water runs down their
nose and they don't usually take a
breath in and he did it he actually did
it perfectly he came right out and was
just like huh okay that was cool so she
did it twice with him and it worked
really well and I asked her like why
aren't we blowing and so she kind of
explained it really excited about it I
think it's cool
definitely it's going to take a little
more work on my part to make sure that I
submerge him well cuz it's kind of like
technique over on this side then on his
side he's so exhausted that I don't know
if you can really learn that much when
he's just like I'm here like so tired
and he's just like about to pass out hey
Brian I think you're Peters already I
think you're right mr. glove did anyone
roll their eyes just now when I was when
I was doing that beat the beat the beat
just beat beat making some pizza for
lunch Ollie just woke up and he he's
singing perfect and he just fell right
into the box are you still tired bub
yeah maybe a little bit you wouldn't do
it here let me help you up come here oh
hi karma Oh hike I'm a boy Gersh
what about goofy
there you go what are gonna do with this
kid get a new quality sleep so we're
just checking the peel box before we
have to do pictures with Ollie and look
what came so exact time put him together
good morning city you look so cool oh my
god he actually has two faces and it
comes with the instructions on how to
like live good and have everyone like
you that's so cool
come on babe that was come on that's
like him oh I want to see the lego movie
again so bad we're starting to do
pictures just like sitting now Connor
see what it is and this is my son right
now
ollie look at this how freaking cute is
that is that our baby Missy are you
lucky I'm V login' we put on everything
is awesome because he totally rocks out
to his sons
hey probably a little bit too much
yeah this is Emily and her little girl
Daisy Daisy or say hey say hi say hi to
the camera hi emily is taking all these
six-month portraits so if you guys want
to follow her on Facebook I'll have her
Facebook page you know and maybe she'll
post a couple tonight no pressure do you
feel like people are like when are you
gonna get these pictures can I have
these pictures right now please Emily
when you getting up can I have them
please thank you they'll be out by the
way would you please steal this still oh
my gosh
show me your boob and pants come on you
got this you know the look tickling
Daisy it seemed laughing all right so
we're all done with our photo shoot and
Daisy did so good so you get to pick one
kandi what are you gonna pick is that
cyan't go me bare no this looks so cool
oh yeah boy you're good choice dang they
have all these like little truffle
things oh my gosh
tiramisu ah this looks so good oh here
we go
chocolate-covered potato chips oh this
is oh here's the chocolate-covered bacon
I've actually tried it it's not that bad
it's a pretty good oh man we got a
couple of these truffles go try ones
your caramel one yeah well it looks cool
no you can do it I don't think you like
truffles I don't think I chuckles okay
so we just got home and I'm gonna take a
really relaxing bath tonight I really
want to go to the store and buy some new
stuff because my feet are so dry and
gross I'm not going to show them to you
because they're really gross but they're
no yeah they're really really dry I
don't know what have it I think
obviously the season changed and then
like if I like wear flip-flops out it's
like damn my feet are just really gross
I really want to buy some Epsom salt if
you guys have any tips on a really
relaxing bath I don't like the smell of
lavender exciting
that's like the biggest tip so if you
guys do have any tips on bath products
and things I can put my bath to help
make my feet softer or whatever leave
that in the comment I'm gonna give this
guy a bath are you ready not this guy
that guy that little guy
not you him oh and if you didn't watch
my house a Friday video go check it out
because I made a little announcement on
there so you want my want to watch it
it'll be in the links in the description
thumbs up if you enjoyed the vlog look
we're gonna watch this movie this show I
love this show so much Brooklyn
nine-nine it's like my favorite yeah
great little stunt like that alright
guys hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye you are
you are huh you're like a monkey in a
tree like a monkey in a tree
portable whoo I love playing with this
kid
