good morning guys oli is awake not happy
yes a fur really dark in here
big guys think for the bum very nice of
you
this is our Sunday new amazing things
he slept so good though so hopefully
he's rested he's just trying to get our
attention right now
hi we can have a look at her face you're
so tired if I see a smile oh there we
are
it's a new day yeah hi
can you think of mourning one of these
days he's gonna say good morning let's
get your exercises in for the day are
you ready whoo-ha-ha they neither more
you're exercising he likes this new one
that I do it's like a Superman I hate
this one I know I am freaking out more
than like I'm really good stuff he's
like that is an amazing light so bright
let's see how my beer is doing you garze
72Â° I'm not seeing there at all but
this idea will be three weeks and then I
get to bottle it you brew it for three
week well actually it says brew for two
weeks I'm brewing for an extra week and
then I'm gonna bottle it and then you
wait another week after you borrow it
has two brew and carbonate in the
bottles and I'm even gonna do like my
own label I start on oh my gosh I'm so
excited
pick an outfit for that day we're gonna
go to the park as a family what outfit
should all mommy's little rocker that
almost looks like the bouncer colors
that's a rock and roll one huh but we
got in this awesome shirt you guys and
we totally didn't eat anywhere this
one's made I feel so sad another one
that was like it but that's what happens
when this kid has too many clothes hey
kiddo hey my little rock star oh yeah oh
oh your feet stink oh no you have stinky
feet you have stinky cheese dogs a
stinky cheese those two smell my feet
yeah Bella
I'm just smell em so they smell they
smell good I just just get out of the
shower so put my lego movie figurines up
on the TV stand it's kind of lame all I
have is wild style and Lord business's
secretary because those things are hard
to predict I tried to feel around in the
bag so I get a specific figure but I
cannot do it but um have a confession I
may have paid six dollars for the Emmet
figurine on eBay this it doesn't even
know I really wanted to have at least
Emmet okay we're gonna go to the park
and play do you want to play do you want
to play let's go he's like I do I would
go load up boy good job sit right there
chill out we're gonna go to should we
got a Petsmart and get him a new toy
first okay babe thank you
the baby can't really I can't the baby
can't do that I don't think that's safe
you know what I said back well he's
digging it though he's like yeah mom hey
we're picking out karma a new toy and he
thinks boy Lee yeah he's been really
good so you want to turn us on oh my god
yeah biggest turtle new Toyota we got to
find the toys oh wait over here first
ooh Bryan a frisbee I'm ENGLISH hated
football football yeah that's cool oh oh
you're looking mighty fine in those
glasses which one should we get for
karma babies like I don't care
check out our setup you guys we put this
is how you go to the park am i right I
mean if you're gonna go to a park go
like this so we brought this huge
blanket and Missy didn't even know that
there are two pillows wrapped up in the
blanket so we're we got some lunch and
then we brought all these little playpen
so you can play with his toys hey Holly
hey you like your little setup here got
all your best toys ever and then karma
we ended up getting this football for
karma and he loves it because it squeaks
ready girl kick it punt it woo get it
you like that : also check this out you
guys we found this awesome water bottle
at Petco and it's for karma so when he's
thirsty we can squeeze it a little water
like fills up into this thing pretty
awesome when it comes out automatically
yeah when you playing with kiddo
I think actually we got this from a
subscriber cuz it came in an Amazon
Prime box but didn't put their name so
whoever you are thank you for this ball
thing because he seriously loves it and
I love it so cool there's so many
activities alright karma go long go long
whoo how you know when your kid has had
enough of the playpen oh is it sad that
we're laughing right now okay oli calm
down kiddo did you see his face
he was like all deformed like a little
demon monster baby hey baby you wanna
hang out mommy and daddy on the blanket
okay he's like I had enough of that
thing huh he's like oh yes please thank
you it's just what I wanted I just say
you guys it feels so good I didn't feel
good just like disconnect and like hang
out and fresh air mother nature mother
nature was just calling us today and we
were like all right we'll pick up the
phone this guy just wanted to hang out
with daddy I guess hey the I feels so
good out here
and Carmen's doing really good with all
the doggies guys all football come here
so you see I just do this right over the
head oh and he goes crazy for it look at
those you guys lose awesome lose awesome
to lose I got my dick to the song it's
back to when we stick together side by
side you and I blow away forever let's
party forever is where the beat drops
um everything is cool we're part of a
team everything is awesome
Pacific who's hanging I got monkey you
are you are almost do lago you're like a
monkey in a tree like a monkey in a tree
portable room I love playing with this
kid oh my god that was too much fun
that's fine ollie
he's like Oh dizzy you got this baby
come on you can do it I carried all my
stuff
hey that playpen is heavier than it
seems I'm looking it up your nose
ollie is pooped from the park you guys
whether it's all ham and now we're
looking at fancy baby clothes this is
fail Schwartz fancy scene got a fancy
new name yeah that's cute
Ali's getting six-month pictures done
tomorrow just funny because he's out six
and a half months but only seven next
week yeah so we're trying to find an
outfit something fancy and cute they
don't have baby changing rooms so we
just like your birthday so we found a
like changer on one of these cribs for
sale and so we're gonna try them in this
outfit and see what we think all right
you guys let us know yay or nay in the
comments right now
he's got these pants on they're a little
big so we rolled them up and he said
suspended looking you can snap on buddy
no boom stinky cheese pee Mari guys dig
yeah is he gonna eat up you gotta eat up
using a pee you missed
oh yeah yeah you you actually got spit
on the camera can you shut this little
hey I got it you know and Missy's
relaxing when she puts on her yoga
shorts yes yoga shorts are on we're
gonna get ready to have some dinner and
I feel like the park like completely
wore me out I know are you fun that does
wear you out yes you know like that hell
was just like oh my god that Hill was
the worst and I was carrying like 40
pounds of his if it says I was so
poisonous right okay so my kids make it
out with himself all he loves the mirror
you guys he goes crazy every time you
put him in front of them beer mm-hmm so
Missy and I finally beat Little Big
Planet tonight what do you think last
night we did I liked it I was I thought
it was kind of easy we've literally
repeated the last level the boss level
like a dozen times but now when you
start a new game cuz we're like we're
loving these both they're playing games
it's a lot of fun I like just like after
all he goes to bed we like get to sit
down like play for an hour oh yeah I bet
all the people I used to play GTA online
with miss me because I usually now at
night I just stood together in game with
my hot wife who we picked up this one
Ratchet and Clank all for one it's
another multiplayer game and I don't
think I've ever played a Ratchet and
Clank game but it looks fun and the lego
movie video games multiplayer so we'll
probably pick up that one too but if you
guys I hope you guys have any
suggestions for multiplayer games let us
know in the comments because they're
hard to find
here I find I really enjoy it if you
guys missed our talisman be sure you
check out yesterday's video and thanks
for everyone who subscribed to baby
League and just show in their lab we're
really excited to premiere all these
very first episode of look who's logging
anyway I hope you guys liked today's
video good
if you did and we will see you guys
manana that means tomorrow in English -
no babe tomorrow is English not Spanish
manana is Spanish I mean tomorrow in
Spanish in English we sense what gianna
is tomorrow in Spanish no tomorrow is
the English version do you see what I
have to work with here
just reevaluate what you're saying right
now
hi peace yeah you don't holy
yeah baby get it oh my gosh let's go
crazy
