good morning guys I don't know how it
happened but I woke up sick again again
like why am I always sick
EB all in class days notice you have to
get real cured in a second huh huh
morning this is our son baby good boy
he's gonna do amazing things I got sick
maybe like a week or two ago and then I
woke up today and like my nose is all
congested I'm having these horrible
horrible sinus headaches took some
dayquil just to clear myself a little
bit but it has not been a fine morning
but all of all these toys out so he
could play now he's actually sleeping it
was pretty tough to get him down for a
second rap but Missy did it because
she's amazing
she's amazing mom you guys she can just
just when you think oh he's never gonna
take a nap she just like boom makes it
happen it's pretty much amazing good
morning buddy
hey ollie pants ha ha ha Lee pants I
just came up with a new Ollie nickname I
call him that all the time you do all
the time I didn't know I'm King Ollie
pans all at for him Ollie pants is up
from his nap and he is playing with toys
and actually playing with his toys for
the camera because we got our things set
up here in the nursery and we just
filmed something really cool for our
top-secret project coming up soon I
don't know if I can talk like about it
like I don't know if I can like really
tell you guys what it is we have a
meeting tomorrow and so they'll let us
know if we can actually tell you guys
but I'm really excited because it's it's
gonna be so cute like this new little
project that we're working on is gonna
be really fun and Ollie's doing all the
hard work aren't you
he's such a good little actor it's so
funny because literally all he's been
fighting his nap all day and it's
literally the second we put him into the
car he falls asleep the second look at
this he looks so cute by the way
yeah I actually fell asleep with like
his finger in his mouth
yeah I like because I actually didn't
get miss pinky he's just he's been a
weird sleeper these days but I think
that I think he's okay just he's just
trying to figure it all out yeah so
we're headed out gonna do run some
errands and I guess all he's gonna sleep
the whole time so that's good hey cutie
time to get up Hey hey Ollie he just
ignores me you guys games like I'm tired
it look at this is the best time to play
with his cheeks and their lips
she'll Joey Joey Joey Joey Joey Joey
juice no come on I wanna play I'll play
with your jigs everyone watts till I'm
the most annoying data do you think I'm
the most annoying dad ever no we're
gonna try and stick him a cart for the
first time the things you get excited
about huh hit singing that claim was
part of the cover oh yeah
just strap this kid and he's good really
gonna be here a little bit yeah he
actually looks happy let's go he does
he's like he's driving in a monster card
notice realize Missy I actually now have
a scab on my ear I don't think I told
you is this okay so I had all of her in
the morning and his fingernails are so
sharp and he put his hand in in my ear
and then like ripped it out and it was
bleeding for like two days look can you
see it oh yeah
like crazy and asked out there now this
little guys like a monster when you
think we should get a new stroller do
you think we should get one for our land
oh yeah if you like take it on the plane
these are cool I like these ones because
they have the real rubber wheels you
know but then one if you get a flat then
you got to put slime in it having bikes
I was like the worst I always had a flat
tire
Oh II think that was great a monkey Oh
Missy this is a bear backpack harness oh
no this one do you think he'll be
walking in Orlando yeah put it on his
back and then head he might be crawling
yeah are you opposed to the whole leash
backpack thing what do you think what do
you guys think let me know in the
comments are you for or against the
whole leash backpack thing Oh even I was
when I was like I don't know about
younger but like a few years ago I was
like okay never do that now I'm like he
runs away I mean he's not even like
fully mobile and he's like scoot today
he was out of breath I'm confused at
leash
yeah but the same time it might be safer
yeah he had literally been filming all
day and I feel like I've been saying
that all day too but you know it's
serious when we break out the green
screen and like and wardrobe your world
anyways yeah so you know it's serious
when we got green screens going on and
lights and production and all the
super-secret projects super secret super
secret project has production production
assistants they go can't have a can't
have him working without his Mimi I'm
his manager
yes sure that everything's being done
right and then he gets his fair share
yeah we cannot deal here okay Missy
we've hardly blogs are all today where's
the camera
where is it come on you have a lodge
where you walk upstairs wait I hear
something
hello hello hey what are you guys doing
down there what are you guys doing they
were under the couch holy crap
I've been working like crazy you guys
all day I'm tired I'm exhausted and you
know boys just sleeping he's so cute and
he was all cranky and I'm lazy blogging
lazy hacking just not very hot this is
not a comfortable way to set he was just
not very happy and I was like well Missy
why don't you rock him and try and give
him a nap and then oh hey it worked and
now he's napping so once he wakes up
then we're gonna go to dinner to
celebrate all the hard work we did today
oh that really hurt my neck when I was
laying against that thing don't do that
babe if you look hot today look at she's
got these cool green pants on and she's
wearing this your hair looks cool it is
something really worth doing cuz I
texted like what you were saying what
what'd you say to that
very sexy I'm just tasting County and
butt boobs did you text me I love
messing with her look at her hair it's
not all perfect straight like it always
is she looks keep it count let's say
just keep it count
I hear baby and he's awake are you in a
good mood or a bad mood sure yet today
he pulled himself up I'm like actually I
walked in here today and he was sitting
up all by himself like I didn't put him
that that way or anything so that's
pretty cool and then today he pulled
himself up didn't cute oh look at that
oh my god you didn't let go you're
actually I'm pretty dang good barely
holding on to me do
he's so good at dad you wanna stand up
ready stand up there you go look at
these amazing gorgeous bonds missing we
haven't had these in so long we are at
Texas Roadhouse okay but look look Ally
at the table hey what are you doing babe
don't open that in front of him he's
gonna get jealous then you can't eat
that and we're out here with Jimmy say
hi Jimmy this guy you could goober come
on this is like baby torture right here
you guys look at this piece of bread
look at those eyes like oh why can't I
have that mom don't some of that can you
have these our human is a vegetable babe
I mean our kid can make vegetables come
on
so all the major food groups in it can
we just take a minute to appreciate this
sweet potato you guys that is a bomb
calm
it's got marshmallows it's a caramel
sauce that's screaming baby over there
is he okay it sits down in the jet
it sits down in the Jeb what sorry is an
appropriate this place has amazing ribs
too these things like fall off the bunk
Oh pinky sorry thank you this is a
really loud restaurant it's okay
screams it's okay guys when they give me
ribs they give you this wet nap but I'm
not allowed to use this am i Missy
because it smells lemony I don't know
miss he's been really good about like
smells and taste lately she might let me
use it right but I don't know if I'll
risk it
look at this cute baby he just had a
bath and now he's all clean
Hey hey cutie boy hey are you all clean
now yes you are everything is awesome
alright guys bringing this kid to bed
remember everything is awesome if you
agree click thumbs up yeah I love you
kiddo
thank you for watching our video I hope
you guys enjoyed it be sure to click the
1-year button at the end of the video to
see what we're doing one year ago and
Missy put up a really cool video on her
channel about starting solid from this
little guy and how it changes his poop
huh who pooped differently now anyway
we'll see you guys smile bye yeah the
window he's bouncing up and down and I
was not paying attention to anything
okay just sitting on my phone and all of
a sudden all these people there kinda
said all yours there's a baby there is
there a baby in there oh my god and
these aren't going to the windows I see
where the adult is and I was like
sitting back and I'm kind of wearing
dark colors so they couldn't see me and
all the lights were off obviously he
shouldn't anzio in deficit and I joined
outside I'm like oh yeah I'm in here
that's like we give this baby like hello
look at this you want this you want it
get
