what are you doing all he does is every
morning now I set him down he crawls
over to his bouncer you want to get in
how's that you start off the day with
some dancing that was some good dancing
buddy Sunday me
good boy he's gonna do amazing things
good morning guys craziest thing oli is
asleep and he's asleep for his second
nap today
that's crazy first I really count though
cuz that was that like ten of the
morning and it was only for like 30
minutes I think it's not for about an
hour no that's good yeah so now he's on
a second nap I don't know he's even
going through a growth spurt or he is
just extremely tired maybe he's trying
to figure out his schedule I'm not sure
I'm I'm totally fine with it though
I just hope that he's getting enough
sleep brian is editing and we're doing
like stuff all day long but I I'm gonna
like relax while he's editing and
watching YouTube videos because I'm a
little behind on my YouTube videos I got
a catch-up all right guys it's up I have
a new video on my channel I have a link
below in the description Missy and I
played Little Big Planet 2 last night
and we had so much fun and the video
turned out so funny I think it's a
little different from other like gaming
videos that are on YouTube yeah we had
so much fun doing it and I hope you guys
enjoy it
go watch it and let us know if you think
that we should do more of them
is there a baby in here is there a
refreshed baby who's all awake hi
Bugaboo what are you doing look at
you're so close to crawl it you got
you're up on your knees you're rocking
back and forth
I think that's usually a sign when
they're just about to crawl hi cutie oh
I love you I missed you look at that
who's standing in their crib like a big
boy you are aren't you
oh he looks so cute standing like that
look at this you're so big and strong
all this up for like an hour and a half
today he did so good and now he's been
playing and playing and playing for like
an hour he's actually been putting quite
a bit on your own too huh
didn't you be such a big boy he was like
crawling all around this floor and
having so much fun now he's like um I'm
done I'm done
he's my mama all right hang on he's
really starting to be a little bit more
like attached to me which is cute and
fun but at the same time can be a little
difficult to get anything done I guess
it's just one of those days huh it's a
baby wearing day he is just so not
having it with the playing anymore he
did so good for quite a while I was
actually pretty proud of him Bryan is
still doing work he's been editing all
day long but just doing pumping out tons
of videos and he just wants to get them
all done over with so we can hang out
and not worry about editing and all that
plus that makes night time much easier
because that's what he usually edits is
that night time it's just hard because
once the baby goes bad we want to like
hang out and like spend time together
but then he has to edit all these videos
and so it's nice that he's getting it
done during the day I got to tell you
back hair is so much so much better than
like front carry I like it better at
least I feel like I can do things more
like he's on my front like I can't even
do my makeup really cuz he's like right
there and I can't really like do
anything so now that I figured out the
whole back carry thing so much nicer I
feel like a little banana me and Ollie
are gonna split one
I don't think I just think it's so cool
that I can now like share a banana with
my baby
it's pretty cool I use this a little
fear that I got from my stitch Slingbox
which I'm actually really enjoying and
he really loves it too I don't know if
you guys saw my video but he like
literally grabbed on he was like mmm mmm
like sucking on it like it was the most
delicious thing ever
hi I've got us some nanners and oranges
all kinds of good stuff and we're going
to sit in the Sun in our own personal
Park we've even got a swing and we have
a doggy yeah we're gonna play I already
set up this blanket and I got some toys
whoa all right we've got your bib on and
here you go is your nanners oh wait hang
on crumb we'll play just like okay no no
don't do that that dad's go grace here
baby
eat your Nana's all you have a mink Ian
hey so your own personal park going on
hung up more karma like good manners
pretty good so we basically devoured
this he ate all of his banana and even
ate a piece of this orange and he really
liked it Han you kind of want more don't
chuck it - he's being so good I just
love hanging out my little buddy
- doing a nicking at Karma you can try
and throw that frisbee form
you're going to swing with aunty one
kicked you he's like I got you I gotta
tell you what just happened
and okay so first of all I'm really
freaked out by this because a few years
ago I was driving and I was parked in
the parking lot and you know how
sometimes new parked in the parking lot
and there's no car in front of you you
just pull forward well I did that I had
no idea that there was like one of those
first things Holly okay when I press the
gas my wheels went right over it and
then the car basically like landed on
the curb and we stopped yeah I got stuck
I literally was like basically off the
like the wheels were off the ground cuz
it was a fun front-wheel drive car yeah
yeah so the cook the wheels weren't even
touching the ground she couldn't go
anywhere yeah really scary okay and ever
since then I've been totally freaked out
and Brian always wants to pull forward
out of the parking lot and I always go
like that cuz I like it was seriously
she's guarded to me just now Brian
decided he was gonna pull forward and I
always freak out
then we go and this time it actually
happened he went over a curb and it
freaked me out like my god
I just freaked out I always really
freakin surviving whenever he goes
forward I go like that we've been doing
boring adult things boring adult things
boring adult things all day and really
boring adult things
this is changing a diaper in the
backseat no he's like really not happy
but now we're at Toys R Us
boys are us just has like that smell to
it
is it now it's like a I don't know also
there but I kind of get oh it was your
source is no okay but um no I remember
when I was little like we'd go to Toys R
Us and then one would be like okay you
can get one toy and then I'd have to
explore this entire store and be like oh
my god shoes one toy oh my god like a
movie you see lego movie stop
I know look at this baby you can
actually get like a full-on jungle gym
this is dope lego movie everything is
awesome everything is cool when you're
part of a team huh oh my gosh that's it
you have to pick one randomly and then
it's one of the characters from lego
movie I really hope I get Emmet in
that's so cool
I bet you can feel it does it feel like
he's wearing a hard hat this one has
something else in there okay so we're
opening lego movie figurines and I got
Lord businesses secretary who has a
clipboard that says super secret plan
Taco Tuesday you don't know why that's
final
okay open this one hey open childhood
they really are obviously just has like
a razor-sharp teeth what let me see is
it okay
so we got his girlfriend that's really
close to Emmet though babe yeah yeah you
should this is a really good one now so
close to getting an Emmet I really want
them at the main guy and Lord business
I want a mall I just want more oh man
it's just one of those days Oliver's not
happy and we've lost his binky so I'm
going into Walmart and a buy like 20 of
these things because we have lost so
many pinkies since Oliver's been born
it's it's just ridiculous
I got the goods I grabbed all they had
which is only two things and I'm not
gonna lie I did look to see if they had
lego movie figurines
the funny thing is that Ben Bryan went
into the store I was just like sitting
here and I was kind of just doing my own
thing and like sitting back and always
just sitting here he's looking out the
window and he's bouncing up and down and
I was not paying attention to anything
okay
just sitting on my phone and all of a
sudden all these people they're coming
then all I hear is there's a baby in
there is there a baby in there oh my god
and they start going in the window to
see where the adult is and I was like
sitting back and I'm kind of wearing
dark colors so they couldn't see me and
all the lights were off obviously
Kingston Falls even death the Pacific
typhoon and all of a sudden like oh yeah
I'm in here and it's like we had this
baby like Hello look at this you want
this you want it get he is so mobile you
guys it's so awesome he's like totally
about to crawl so just trying to tire
him out a little and we're gonna put
this little got a bad huh it's bedtime
but anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog I'm gonna go ahead and end
it here please go check out our gaming
video my man visi did our gaming video
it's called save the sack box I'll have
it linked below so you can check it out
you want to play video games I can't
wait to play video games with him when
he's older I think that's just gonna be
so much fun
oh and mommy found a binky we literally
have a magnet somewhere in the house
collecting pinkies it's ridiculous
huh-huh-huh
but anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog give it a thumbs up if you
did and we'll see you guys tomorrow you
want say bye no that's not how you do it
what hey bye
good job
kids a natural in this book and if it's
quite disturbing it is okay ready five
little out on a branch by the shore one
fell off and then number four four
little owls high in a tree the wind blew
hard and then number three there's some
hard truths in this book ready three
little owls none of them knew a raven
took one and then there were two what
