good morning hi baby boy what are you
doing
bouncing in your bouncer like a little
rock star Oh Kim for the begin no you
can do with it oh dude
wrong way
big bright pink for the bum very nice of
you
this is our Sunday me
he's gonna do amazing things
good morning you guys Oliver's just
hanging out with us as we're getting
ready for the day
it's sudden day and all this excited
with this every time I flip this yeah
like I know you're trying to catch me
dancing is when I catch him dancing he
stops I thought yesterday hi you gonna
get me you get it right on top of me or
more like your drool is gonna land on oh
I don't think so
you said you stinker hey of you so I
actually haven't been a brand-new outfit
right now um he has like a ton of
outfits but sometimes um I can't
obviously put them him all in them at
once
so yeah they get kind of lost and
actually I can tell when it's a new
outfit because I haven't opened the
buttons yet so this is a brand new it's
a little polo romper it's so cute
yeah cos wait it's a old outfit we don't
we don't button things I want me but cuz
we're not doing that I'm not gonna
button it all the way up so I always
knows it's like all closed up and still
perfect lookin huh yeah so it is Sunday
and my mom actually got done watching
the vlog this morning and she was like
dying over Ollie at the park on the
swing that she couldn't help herself and
she went out and got Ollie a swing of
his own for the backyard so they're
cooking that up right now
and we're gonna put it back here in the
sunlight and he's gonna go in this his
own swing huh now have your own they
remember that cute little cow cheese
that my aunt sent me from Wisconsin well
this happened today Massacre yep
I straight-up cut off the head these
things are so weird I texted my aunt I
said this is grotesque how the hell do I
get to the cheese because I literally
had to like cut off the head and then
cut off every little piece of wax to get
this much cheese and I'm like I just
want to make a case Dylan I got a D head
this cute little wax cow thing this is
so weird do people still put cheese and
wax it's the weirdest thing ever you
guys alright Papa's got your swing all
hooked up you ready
he's like I don't know here we go
you're in there ready huh what do you
think I like it you get your own like I
tell you it took a linear dose
great success look at this bad boy look
at this bad boy
mmm and I put even leftover steak from
our Valentine's Day date in it real
Wisconsin cheese to me like the Bombers
case of dill at Harbor all right decided
to face them out so you can watch karma
play oh is the thing you want karma huh
what it's fun why so nice out too so
apparently Oliver had so much fun at the
park in the swings we had to get him one
look at this kid that's adorable yet to
fall asleep yeah oh really
Judy is so comfortable and it's like a
beautiful day out here look at this sky
wait what are those did a plane go by
cool like I was like hey I left my nasty
thing over here just throw it you
watching karma play
thank you thank you ready Ellie we're
gonna throw it good job
all right Oliver is taking a little nap
after his swinging in the back it like
really tired of Mouse so he's sleeping
and hopefully I'll sleep for a good
amount of time because we're gonna shoot
some videos that's what we do when the
kid falls asleep we make videos really
trying to get caught up on news channel
cuz we've been kind of lazy lately and
doing them like the day before they come
out and we want to be prepared so we're
going to start a new project that you
guys are gonna hear about soon yes
that's very exciting she's doing a video
on her channel it involves baby food it
should be up this week so apparently
Ollie was ready to get up as soon as we
started filming
oh he's now being warned well we get
production assistant yeah he's helping
daddy out do you know
don't touch anything please the camera
should moved a little to the left
yeah he still seems a little tired so um
Brian's just gonna wear him while we get
I do our videos carrots cooking okay
it's cooking sweet potatoes ready all
kind of stuff well this is what happened
next we worked in too hard yeah you help
daddy we'd come right you took a little
nap together and then I woke up and he's
still asleep no I'm not done yeah I
don't know what's going on with him
today he seems extra tired I don't know
if he's not feeling very well but he's
just not really his self today right
yeah a little extra tired
sorry so a lot of people have been
asking me about the beer that I'm
brewing in Oliver's closet and it's
still brewing I don't know if I told you
this but it takes like four weeks it's
going I've checked it looks pretty good
it's at a good temperature but I am very
excited to try it and see if it actually
turns out any good mom picked up seen
some with cara cara oranges which i
guess is like a orange that's based kind
of in California they're pink and
they're also pretty sweet and we thought
it'd be fun to let all
you wanna try a little bit of this
Caracara orange Oh was it say what do
you think he's gonna praise our face
I wish I could see it you can just watch
it on the vlog tomorrow what are you
thinking no baby like YUM I will take
that he likes it yeah yeah yummy toy
sucking all the true-self
uh-huh like yummy what is up with this
carrots crap hmm huh like them yeah okay
Missy is reading this book that came in
her citrus laid box and actually that
videos up today so if you guys want to
watch it it's on her channel with
everything that came in the box but
she's reading this book and it's it's
quite disturbing it is okay ready five
little out on a branch by the shore one
fell off and then there were four four
little owls high in a tree the wind blew
hard and then there were three there's
some hard truths in this book ready
three little owls none of them knew a
raven took one and then there were two
what I'm freaking out right now are you
serious - little owls
sitting in the Sun a raccoon came along
and then there was one oh my gosh what
are you thoughts actually something you
read him for bedtime right bedtime
rise oh my gosh okay continue please
one little out in the Setting Sun flew
off to the fourth and then there were
none okay so basically an owl was
hanging out with his four friends and
then they all like fell got lost eaten
alive and then he's like a piece out I'm
out of here this place is sketchy oh my
god Oh pinkies I was like really don't
like wait a second hey I don't read this
privately first
I totally just got done with dinner but
we didn't pull anything because all it
was like so spastic to the whole thing
we literally were like juggling him back
and forth trying to eat her dinner
trying to get through it I don't know it
almost out to dinner is good for us
anymore I don't know he's gonna need e
yeah he's just like jumping up and down
and I don't know if he knows but all of
garden tables at least one of ours like
you literally cannot move it at all but
I'm like maybe like four inches in front
of you and then there's table it's not
enough room for a baby to jump and like
he's trying to breastfeed him and he
keeps konkey his head against the table
so so frustrating so we were just like
oh my gosh and we're just trying to eat
get through it and yeah alright we just
got watching I got done watching our
friend : in Katie's video journey to
baby unexpected news go check it out you
guys I'll have a link below in the
description I just want to shout them
out so you guys can check out the video
you know I've told you before they have
a pretty similar story to Missy and ice
and right now they just really need
prayer go subscribe to them
check out the video and just be thinking
about them I'm not gonna give anything
away you have to watch the video to see
what happens but watch the video but
know that if you followed our story
because you know we went through a
really hard time definitely followed
ours because they they're yeah they just
singing prayer and and they're so
deserving there's such nice people like
I call in and I text all the time and
he's just such a cool guy we're rooting
for you guys are you supposed to be
sleeping
you must be sleeping no oh he's fighting
it huh
alright guys I hope you enjoyed today's
vlog I'm gonna go ahead and end it I got
the Game Capture all hooked up to my PS
triple look at PS triple right there PS
triple right there
grad success so I think Missy and I are
gonna film a little big planet to
session and just see how I want to do
these gaming videos click Missy and I
are gonna try and do that tonight with a
little big planet too so thumbs up if
you're excited for that and thumbs up if
you enjoyed the vlog thank you guys so
much for watching remember you can see
what we're doing one year ago in the
link on the end slate and in the
description below subscribe to our
channel if you haven't already because
we put up videos every single die we'll
see you guys tomorrow
bye
what do you think kiddo
he's smiling holy I was so cute my kids
in a sling Missy we're parents and we're
at a park swinging our kid in a sling
that's crazy
