Sunday Funday you guys this little guy
is trying to escape
currently we sitting let's talk to him
always looking up at me
good morning Oliver I'm gonna come get
you okay just hang tight daddy will be
there like if you don't hear me I'm
going to crawl out of this thing
thank some of those okay this is our son
baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things it's
like a concert in here hey buddy what do
you fall on over there for ollie
hey good morning welcome to the world we
shut this music off boom we play
lullabies on the iPad for him while he
sleeps
where are you at there you are good
morning Oliver karma good morning karma
hey you wanna say hi good morning good
morning Oliver ha ha are you giving you
kisses you do morning kisses so just
came in here to pick out an outfit for
Oliver and I was like oh I should look
for some binky so I go over to his crib
and we're actually planning on selling
this crib and getting him a new crib and
I was like this thing's practically in
mint condition he's only been using it
for like a few months and he rarely even
is in it well I guess the little amount
that he has been in it he's chewed on it
it looks like a favor lives in here
those are teeth marks all kinds of teeth
marks all over this thing so I'm kind of
bummed it's definitely not no longer
like in new condition we can still sell
it and probably make a good amount of
money so that the next crib isn't as
expensive so that's good and a lot of
you been asking like why are you getting
a new crib he's got that crib this is
actually a mini crib it's at it's pretty
small it's just small and I feel bad
like he constantly box his head when
he's like in here in the dark who like
literally just bonk his head on the
sides he barely he basically fits almost
felt like to hear and so he doesn't
really have that much room so we're
difficut him a regular-sized crib we
don't need this anymore so we're just
going to do you know a full sized crib
get him a dresser and just can make it a
normal room and it means I get to eat
three and I'm really really excited
about that
Alayna I just had a battle a battle it
is close on
he does not like being dry okay you
fought with me the entire time
okay but now I think daddy won I want
daddy won you lost Darlie always loses
and it's really it really sucks
where's Olli look he loves this thing
now all of a sudden okay
obviously he liked doing he's a baby but
now when you play it he just gets all
excited he's like oh music cuz we have
two of them yeah kind of sounds weird
when they're both going what is it huh I
don't know what you want to choose you
like the monkeys are they monkeys yes
it's not monkey oh I was like a bear Oh
see the knows anything monkey I guess
the ears are on the side so that means
sit among monkey Ollie has been playing
with this he played with it a lot last
night the thing about it is that it's
definitely not very sturdy like I have
to hold it and play with him basically
because he would just flip this over on
top of him but once he gets himself up
he can stay steady and he kind of walks
moves his feet but it's really funny
because he often likes to take both
hands off of the handle and try and
stand there for like a half a second and
it's so weird I think that he's actually
trying to teach himself to like balance
you know and so like he'll he'll like
switch from one hand to the other and go
back and forth and it's interesting I
really feel like this thing helps him
learn to walk but it's definitely not
something that he can play with by
himself because he could just slip I
could just go that way
or I could flip on top of him but but he
really enjoys it huh you like this toy
huh
he wants to play with all the toys you
can just come over here and play with
the toys whoa oh my goodness you're
fighting you gonna try and walk on your
knees
you think I like this better I
definitely don't want him to like learn
to walk seems like it'd be so soon
like not definitely but you know you
mean like I'm not trying to like push
him to walk but I'm also not going to
hinder him to learn new things you know
and so I think that this was a great
purchase for us oh how much you guys see
miss in our cue glasses you look so cool
babe
I contacted work today they just stopped
working are they broken should we take
them to the contact fixer I'm doing
laundry ball ring adopt things
barring odd up things barring adult
things do you guys think we should put
that on a shirt do you think I make a
pretty shirt like something that says
like I'm doing don't bother me I'm doing
boring at all things or something like
that
what do you guys think let me know in
the comments and if you have any other
ideas for shirts or anything you wants
to do let us know cuz we'll talks to him
alright I'm doing boring it up now I
need a daddy ball daddy bye daddy bow oh
crap I'm supposed to put it stopped in
there and I didn't now I gotta take it
all out actually ever shown that you
haven't you wash it oh yeah we have a
new washer you guys isn't that exciting
oh you don't think oh my god out things
you just got done doing a video in the
car there is this white powder I'm
thinking it's from the rain and it's
sitting on the floor of our garage and
look at it it's so weird it's like super
powdery under the car like it fell off
the car and I don't know it's all around
it it's more powdery than like salty but
it's everywhere and I I really don't
know what it is was it like something
that was on the road I don't know you
guys want to see our new little puppies
we got today I'm so excited to show you
huh
Daria's hi this is our little puppy and
he loves crawling into the pet bed and
he just chill then we can rub his belly
rub his belly yeah we rubbing your belly
hey karma saw you right now he'd be so
mad he really likes this babes we should
get him one it's like oh yeah this
coffee all this is comfy this is nice
nice and plush oli
is up from his last snap of the day
before bedtime
just great this one's a hard one
sometimes you get the sleep and although
you
suck for 30 minutes don't want to take
too long because it's bedtime in a
couple hours so you gotta get up you
look still a little tired yes you do
Hey look at that hair we're all
downstairs because it's actually Sunday
which means it's the Oscars so we
watching the Oscars and Ellen is
hilarious we've been having a lot of fun
watching isn't it amazing how friendly
karma is when you have food hi like I'm
your bitch friend just remember that if
you ever drop something okay I got a
Messier but it's refreshing
ah come on dude all he's got a buggy and
he will not let mom take it out you
gotta get it in your nose get it I'll
get the buggy it's oh man get the book
and get the book again I got it I got it
where'd it go oh gosh it's going his
mouth I got your buggy he's so obsessed
right in its mouth I might afford it's
nutritious oh you know it's got a really
big abou hey only got one Nadia huh he
did it like two three times like I gotta
record this and they only hit once I'm
not over it I get it now I made Oscars
cookies Oscar cookies there's nothing
special about them though it's just the
Oscars and we made cookies so these ones
are just normal cookies and then Brian
needed extra large cookies and there
have to be undercooked because it have
to be gooey but I like crispy cookies
there's a difference
leave in the comments if you're a crispy
cookie person or a gooey cookie person I
was feeling like more gooey people but I
like them crispy oh I
Oh y'all done and y'all guys he's trying
to crawl out of the ducky the ooh water
faucet Wow
whoa you ready for bed you tired dad dad
dad let's take that back mmm-hmm all
right you guys I'm importing footage and
I'm about to edit this vlog actually
that you're watching right now I just
want to remind you that Macey put out a
video on her channel she's doing videos
on her channel every Monday and
Wednesday but there is a new video today
and she did a carci review and she talks
a little bit about extended rear-facing
so definitely go check that out and then
also on baby leaks Channel episode two
of look who's vlogging just went up it's
called milk drunk and it's pretty
stinking hilarious I just think these
episodes are gonna be getting funnier
and funnier and funnier all he's really
holding his own on hit on his little
show and I love it and I hope you guys
love it too the last episode you got
over 5,000 likes you guys that was
insane let's try and do that again
for this episode please promise go over
there watch the video click thumbs up
and I would really appreciate it
click thumbs up if you guys enjoyed this
vlog it was cut like we going with today
it was like a really lazy Sunday it was
really really nice subscribe to our
channel because we put out videos every
single day and as always we will see you
tomorrow hey all he loves when I put him
on my shoulder we doing
I thought hold his hands because if I
don't even cut early rip my hair oh I do
it too and I have to literally like
protect my hair cuz he will grow long
