hey guys guess what we're back and we
didn't die last night in the severe
thunderstorm it was a severe
thunderstorm everyone's making fun of us
but even all he was scared he was like
training and thundering and there's lady
but we're live but now we're gonna go
get some pancakes
B we all eat like raspberries oh you
have to get real cured in a second huh
the frisbees huh doc you wanted there's
a Sun baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things
good morning guys yes good morning
okay we're gonna be honest Saturday
morning and Yamanashi we would laugh I
have a theory noon on Saturday is still
morning that's Saturday the drive home
yesterday was so scary like my heart
really pounding at one point there was
um a lightning strike and it literally
shook our car it was so bright that I
swear like it was so scary it was all
white for a few I think that we were
like literally right on top or right
under it or something it was really
scary and then the Thunder came and
literally shook our car and we were
driving in puddles like four inches like
you know when you're driving you hit a
puddle in it like billows water yeah it
was like billowing water the entire way
yeah it was so scary we chose low roads
which I think was probably our mistake
and I just want to say I know that a lot
of places rain but because this place
doesn't rain very often our streets are
not made to like handle rain so we
literally are driving through puddles
because it's California and they're like
it's not going to rain don't worry about
it and then we are screwed so last night
while we're sleeping is crazy
electricity just kept going in and out
in and out and like things were beeping
and like our security system kept going
off because like the electricity it was
just like oh it was so scary
day they say it's supposed to be like
three times as bad but so far we're
Hyde's I mean pretty clear and it's been
raining all day it's clear for the first
time yeah it's clear right now but I
don't know whether there's a tornado
warning just to the left of us literally
right byes but we're thunderstorms all
day today it's
raining it's pouring the old man is
snoring his head and fell out of bed he
couldn't get up to the morning I looked
it up I don't think that's how it goes
ago he's dead and now his family's in
mourning stupid yes that's the way it
goes is the ringin on you look he's
laying phases like whatever I'm a macho
man I don't cur Green is getting all
over my hair okay it's really starting
to rain heavier now so we're running
into I hope Oliver's got himself a crown
crayon I'm gonna do something with it
buddy
put in your hand no oh he's gonna put
himself in the eye with it these things
are pretty much for adults yeah although
all he doesn't get to eat anything we
found these really cool placemat things
because he likes to chew on the table
when he's sitting in his highchair and
we put it like under so he can actually
chew on the table we want it if you want
it to huh they're cool they're cars too
yeah you just like rip it up and put it
away but where I got reckless target
chip pancakes which are baller
chicken-fried steak which is baller we
just split everything so it's all just
so good all right we're about to go
through a pretty big puddle ready boy
whoo I'm actually gonna go check out the
riverbed we used to live near when I was
little and the riverbed has always been
a dry riverbed that mean my grandpa used
to go down and like collect rocks and
stuff but when it rains it the riverbed
is flowing and it looks really cool and
I only remember one other time though
the river has been flowing when I was a
kid and it was scary but look at that
it's totally flowing Oh God look some
girl it's like uh why is there water in
me I just said for that and it's
actually pretty dated like couple inches
all right gonna go check out the
riverbed oh my god it's the craziest
thing ever it looks deep - there's gotta
be like about six inches to a foot of
water now I've never seen what water in
here except for one other time and I was
scared of it was like oh my god it's
gonna sweep me away
so Missy had me pull over on the side of
the road so she can go see a riverbed my
thoughts exactly
Holly let me get out and see the
riverbed
it looks like Idaho I don't think I can
jump off this bridge though in Idaho you
can jump off bridges into the rivers
don't think you should jump off this on
them let me know in the comments you
guys what do you think all these
dreaming about right now did you see
that weird mouth thing he's doing so
funny get up big lip see that big bottom
lip Missy
alright guys Saturday so we are just
chillaxing and we got some friendly
competition going Cassy and Missy are
playing a little big planet karting
which is actually really cool it so it's
like the knockoff version of Mario Kart
because PlayStation doesn't have Mario
so it's really good they're like
battling right now
and Missy's losing Missy you know you're
on the top right she gets confused about
where she is allied and Cassie
surprisingly is very good at this game
she's interesting huh what's wrong you
just woke up from a nap and he's still
kind of tired what's up dude gonna go
nap nap that's what you're supposed to
do it's so cool cuz they have like races
and then they also have these battle
levels we just run around and like try
and shoot as many people as possible
yes you can pick up a weapon and then
press square Oh see mommy's silly when
she plays video games Oh dread okay
uh-huh
yanking if you guys didn't know a lot of
people asked for these and we finally
started selling them a couple days ago
but we now have daily bumps hooters in
the March store we have zippers
we have pullovers we have men's women's
you can even choose what color you want
on them they're really really cool and
right now actually if you use the code
pot of gold you can get $10 off your
purchase of $50 or more because hoodies
and zipper like hoodies and jackets they
always cost more so I wanted to do it at
a time where you can actually get 10
bucks off so if you guys haven't done
that you can check that out daily bumps
much calm just wanted to remind you hey
hey hey all he loves when I put them on
my shoulder I need nothing everything
this is gonna go what are you doing I
have to hold his hands because if I
don't totally rip my hand oh I do it too
and I have to literally like protect my
hair cuz he will grab all my room in the
store like this we gotta get a couple
things for ollie but I didn't say that
today's actually been surprisingly not
as rainy as we thought it was going to
be um really really super cloudy dark
stuff going on but not rainy yet but I
bet it's gonna get really rainy later
and hopefully we don't have another
night of lights going out and
electricity and that was
I'm really enjoying this rain although
it's the only thing that sucks is that
you know when you have dogs and they
just hate going outside and then when
they do they bring in muddy wet paws and
that's only downside to it and of course
driving can be a little more unsafe but
for the most part I'm really trying to
embrace the rainy cozy weather I feel
like it's kind of winter now even though
it's more spring than ever you know hey
buddy you're missing a sock but I got it
right here okay
all right put it on come on put your
sock on he's not gonna do it mess such a
brat Missy we found the Lego Department
look at these are like little Legos that
are well they're not little with them
for little they're big girl Legos I
always thought these ones were cooler
what is dope pirate ship I know I don't
ever have one of those testing out some
cribs what do you think of this one how
comfy it looks
what's up dude oh wow this is like
memory foam you like that
he's gonna need a new crib though cuz
he's gonna be sleeping it a lot more
look at that there's even a mirror under
there yeah
yeah so it's like pouring now and we
just got a store so I'm gonna bring the
car around to the missus did I start the
car never know if I start this car get a
get a get a get a get up you gotta melt
you're gonna melt you're gonna melt
you need had an umbrella in your bag
what hello all he's so giggly right now
I'm sitting in the car cuz Brian was
running into the store and I'm playing
with him he's just like he likes this ok
gonna be weird all right so we got ollie
this sweet what do you call this Walker
like a Walker thing he can like hold on
to and like push it's all like got all
these little gizmos and gadgets on it
you want to climb up on the wheels like
you can control the speed of them right
the slowest speed oh cool yes yes we
know we know you got beat you got rhythm
he's already taking little steps like
head bobbing come on whoa oh look at
that it's just gonna be walking before
you know it
that's so cute oh whoa whoa wait he's
doing good mornin alright guys we gonna
end the vlog I got this kid playing in
the bathtub with his little ducky with
this ducky inside this big ducky he he
loves the ducky especially about them
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlogs please give it a thumbs up if you
did and if it's your first time seeing
this video we put a videos every single
day of just our everyday normal life
just hanging out with this cutie and
being parents and stuff like that so hit
subscribe if you're not and we'll see
you guys tomorrow bye
oh hey guys so I did this a couple of
walks ago and actually a lot of people
commented and said they liked it so I
figure if I want to talk to you guys
real fast I'm just going to throw it in
the in slate I'm just gonna do it what
up um hey 400 days we've logged 400 days
now you guys that's insane I did not
know we were gonna make this far so
thumbs up for day 400 if you're excited
for 400 more and I want to let you guys
know if you click that your one button
you're gonna see us do the blindfolded
makeup challenge one year ago me
blindfolded putting makeup on Missy
or was it the other way around I don't
know you gotta click the video and go
and watch thank you to everyone who's
been buying hoodies those are going
crazy I just I love that you guys love
them and it's cold now so they're like
totes convenient am i right am i right
thank you so much we will see you
tomorrow for day 401 okay bye
