good morning guys getting ready and it
looks like Oliver is just about up from
his nap he was like um hello guys he
kind of lays there for a while but he
definitely doesn't go back to bed so
Yannick again I always try to get him to
go to sleep but it never works he stay
awake mom and I come back to bed you
crazy baby huh oh wow it's Kerry bad
that was a big one huh
I think some of those okay this is our
son baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things
hey guys so I am just chilling in my new
office this is my office pretty much
that's my desk the ottoman is not my
desk this is now my office chair and I
just chill here I know I have a desk
over there but it's boring and it's not
plush and this is comfortable let me
talk about one morning I've been busy I
released my cover this morning which is
really awesome on my channel if you
haven't seen it I have a link below in
the description but I'm trying to get it
up on iTunes and there's so much that
goes into that because it's a cover we
had to do it like legally and I had to
buy a license for the song and I have to
distribute it through like a third party
because obviously I'm not signed to a
record label because I'm not Justin
Timberlake I took a business call and
doing some emailing and I thought it was
interesting how people probably don't
realize how much business is behind
YouTube we can make these funny videos
and do all this awesome stuff but
there's actually so much business behind
it like as far as like taking conference
calls and doing emails and brands and
blah blah blah blah but it was kind of
just one of those mornings where I had
to take care of business and now I just
learned that my internet shop quiz
episode is now live which I will have a
link in the description and I'm about to
watch it too you're still tired I didn't
know it but I'm tired I swish some
things around yesterday and I kind of
moved this this way and put his books in
here and yeah I really really like it
really excited to kind of you know just
revamp the room hey jumpy jump don't be
dumb you have been in this in a while
huh seriously jumping now jumping on me
like you literally wants to jump to the
sky my arms are killing me my feet
dumpy-dumpy
like a kangaroo he's like a little Joey
doing you a munchkin you gonna watch
some TV
she's like the step is dimes over
where'd your car seat go where'd it go
it's not there anymore buddy look wait
wait I'm not being a nothing riding the
real seat
Missy put it behind me
that she could see him and take care of
him do you think you have him like yeah
quick in the comments what's that bear
call do you guys know huh he's Roman
that one of the very first vlogs that we
ever did you get to wear red and he gets
a red one more blue where I'm right
don't make fun of me I hit your booty
but your phone is massive now look at
her phone you guys got this huge case on
it so she puts it right there so when I
naturally want to slap her butt which is
pretty regularly I just go and then I go
out my hand hurts now cuz your phone
silly Brian said I am oh I am wearing
red and so as all a because it's not
Valentine's Day for us but it's
Valentine's Day for you so I thought I'd
be in the spirit for you guys oh thanks
thanks for giving me that yeah that's
awesome I just look like I've given up
on love look at this care about
Valentine's Day covet I work my flip
flops it's February they see yes they
can see all my toes are gross so we're
just checking out the peel boxes look
what I got I'm so giddy you see you know
what this means we're doing gaming
videos together hey I want to do some
really funny like husband and wife
gaming videos and this thing I have to
hook up to my PS triple to get like the
image off a weird this works for ps4 to
not die ordered a ps4 anything oh man
that's a really big bubble Missy hey got
no I can't do it at least leave do it
he's got he sleeps through anything
do it do it I can't actually I'm trying
haha what are you doing here what are
you doing he's being so cute
try on a couple outfits for Valentine's
Day I'm gonna take something cute out do
you hang out with Mama yeah you see it
up in the mirror on you
mommy's trying on some heels
check them out ollie because all these
things are pretty small they're cute
you're trying on clothes right now and
all he's getting major photography thank
you
okay like this you guys it's not a
v-neck but I figure it's a little less
casual than a v-neck cuz it's like long
sleeves and it's right it's kind of like
a little bit accident a little bit nicer
than a v-neck hey you give me give me
that and I'll start asking kisses okay
guys what do you think about this I like
a Emily difference it doesn't a little
prep preppy okay I like it I think it
looks cool it does have a v-neck still
kind of matches my color dress that I'm
getting well we met you Mikey but I
think it's okay like we're going to a
school dear holy moly you guys fan needs
to be turned on it is hot in here it's
like not even that hot outside but it
has been getting hotter summers coming
back y'all in February got the baby
asleep he's on his like fourth nap humus
yeah look how hot it's almost eighty
degrees in that room miss should we turn
on the fan
other fans on but 78 now just a little
catnap huh hmm I love you I missed you
all right I got you change mommy wants
to do a video with you okay gonna dress
you up and do a video so if you guys
wanted to go watch that you can see her
casual Friday video will be up shutting
up the light okay so we're about to have
dinner and actually made Ollie this
today doesn't like delicious it's
actually just carrots and banana and it
smelled like banana it looks like poop
did you try it no I did not try it I'll
try it
mmm mmm he wouldn't think of it it just
tastes like banana really I've been
there just to take that work well it's
pretty cool what I mean cheese carrot
oh well nice this just didn't taste like
the neighbors nummy oh gosh stop no crap
dumb crap so grab yummy huh loves it
uh-huh
Missy would be so proud of me you guys
I'm getting a spot one away from the
elevator
booyah all right guys I really want to
go see the lego movie and I convinced
Jimmy to come with me Missy really
didn't want to go and I was like really
into it so we are headed to the movies I
found a way that all I loves the food
ready ready that good when I just go out
like this like he never opens his mouth
but when I do this ready to reach every
joke joke joke joke is digga digga digga
digga digga digga digga yeah okay got
Olly to sleep and now I'm just waiting
for Brian tee at home he went to a see
the lego movie I kind of did ditch am I
really the only reason I wanted to go
see is if Olly was gonna go see it with
me
I guess all he's not gonna be there then
I really don't want to watch a cartoon I
read this book tonight to Ollie and I'm
like in love with these books I don't
know if you guys know about them but I
did they just are really cute really
special really like calm quiet and I
don't know they just are amazing books
so I've got like three of them now I
wonder if there's any more he's not like
a super fan of reading books but I
usually try and read him read him while
I'm nursing mmm burrito I haven't had
one of those in like a whole 24 hours yo
so Jimmy and I just got back from the
lego movie Jimmy what is your what is
your quick review on the lego movie go
pretty good
pretty good you guys know it was really
good it was good
I really liked it the ending went
somewhere I was not expecting I'm in
some of it everything is awesome
everything is awesome everything is cool
when you do as a team oh and Missy we
have two hours and three minutes till we
are done using our phones Marla's
Valentine's Day and Missy and I she was
in the car she's like how about we don't
use our phones tomorrow it was like okay
so know what and it's no web browsing
and no using of our phone no phone no
texting no texting your mom can call you
no typing until we have to leave all
over with her then she can text me if
there's a problem she's gonna take
advantage of it Missy's gonna be like
hey can you do this thing for me real
fast and then text it to me and it's not
a night sorry no more phone for you just
kidding you have you have an hour and 54
minutes left I'm gonna edit the vlog and
get it scheduled and I'll probably
schedule out a couple of funny tweets to
go throughout the day so if you see me
tweeting it is past brien well it's
actually future Brian for me Pass Brian
for you and pass Brian from me when it's
up hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog be
sure to give it a thumbs up check out
Missy's casual Friday video go watch my
cover if you haven't seen it Internet
shot quiz I'll have it all this first
tech shock quiz was freaking hilarious
it was pretty singing funny okay I gotta
go see you later bye yeah yeah
and maybe stripper coming at you whoa he
knows how to drop it low shake that
booty shake that booty shake that booty
booty booty
