oh oh hello I saw you standing up trying
to jump out of your crib without your
tried to do boy there's gonna do amazing
things he tries to smash his face in
between the bars so funny now you can
see the whole world from your crib huh
good see as far as the eye can see
pretty much just your nursery
morning guys I got ollie on my back and
we're doing chores he's got chores to do
today and if you don't get them done
you're grounded okay really I have
chores I gotta get laundry going as
usual trying to make today like a little
bit of a day off um be just from like
filming um but it's like it's never
really a day off because he's so good
times of stuff to do so I am actually
going back to work
just kidding I'm not well I am going
back to my old job I haven't been there
for eight months the new co-workers that
are there need my help cuz they don't
know how to do certain things so they're
like can you come back and help us for
just like a day or like a couple hours
and I was like all right or cuz I
actually used to run that office all by
myself and then I left and then there
were new co-workers and they're all gone
now so now there's just totally new
people the people that I trained and
everything are gone helped them out a
little bit so which is fine I'm totally
up for helping if they need my help I
keep being cute
you can't play anything music keep
placing music here we go yeah yay I
danced
there you go hit that thing microphone
huh there's aa cart where you wanna come
sing into it yeah look at that nice
collection of binky's I get started
keeping them there because I was just
like literally constantly losing them so
now I'm just trying to keep a nice
little collection right there that way I
don't ever go into panic mode and not be
able to find them we're gonna play with
these he's like okay makeover club woo
not burn is that fun back in oh hello
karma we get rid of thing I know sucks
huh it does suck no it doesn't suck not
well enough the vacuum does not suck you
guys so we need to get rid of it and get
a new one
a hair in this house including mine and
his it smell see Missy's hey guys
cauterizes little belly shirt
it's so nice kick it out his buddies I
think now say something I'm giving up on
you say something something of something
oh I'm sorry that I couldn't get to you
everyone always wants me to cover this
up I've never really felt any really
like emotional attachment to the song
cuz it's about like a couple who's
fighting I just I don't know Missy I
never fight so yeah I fight I cannot
relate to the spa
this is me off for some reason when
people are like do say something by
Christina Aguilera it is none of I
Christina Aguilera a great big world
released this song it got really popular
Christina Aguilera is like oh I'm
totally gonna ride that train and then
just send them a bunch of vocals to
throw in it for real that's that kind of
stuff piss me off I'm like give credit
to that band okay they're full screeners
they're on YouTube support the band
anyway it's my day off so I'm sitting in
the passenger seat you guys I'm like you
know what Missy you can chauffeur me
around town I haven't driven in so long
that I'm I'm kind of a nervous driver
now she really is like when I make her
drive sometimes she but not only that
like you're just not that good I've
never been a very great driver open and
many accidents have you really yeah I've
only been in one accident and I told my
car and the other person's car it was
horrible I don't want to talk about it
how many action is have you been in let
us know in the comments can that one
here you go in the ditch we could be
considered an accident wait weren't you
driving when we went to the dish I was
you by yourself oh but then we were also
driving together and you driven into it
so that's four for you yeah today
you better dance yeah looking at some
doggies mmmmmm get the doggies oh no - I
was like them so we found puppies hello
puppies look at all they're all running
toward me hi hi puppies tell myself fun
to go to these places and then just like
scope out the puppies need a little
puppy love in your life sometimes huh hi
oh you're cute what kind of dog face oh
the cute look we found husky puppies
they were all cuddled together look like
one dog they're gorgeous
hey puppies Ryan what Nina doggie we
have a doggy another one we got a little
puppy right there needs his own puppy so
all he is attempting to nap but not
really because he's being a bad kid good
name he's hanging on to the bars babe oh
we actually went to Wendy's for lunch
and I got this salad and I'm actually
kind of bummed because it has blue
cheese and I swear nothing ruins a salad
more than blue cheese do you like blue
cheese does anyone like blue cheese it
literally tastes like these cold soft
pieces of throw-up and I can't even
finish my salad
it does Wendy's has like amazing salad
by the way if you guys didn't know my
mouth tastes like throw-up now is that
TMI
wasn't what was I not supposed I thought
I was supposed to get him what happened
did he cry I'm like why are we in there
I look today he was like ladies I
thought I was getting em cuz do did you
open door he like popped his head up
don't get him until he starts crying oh
hi
so I basically ruined everything right
daddy ruined everything okay he was
falling asleep and I walked in and I
woke him up and now he's away kind of
like nerding out right now because I
just got some packages and look what
they are photos oh these are so cool
look at it so cool you can reuse these
yeah they're reusable my beer is brewing
it's been done for like a week but I
didn't have any bottles and I have to
bottle it and carbonate it so I ordered
a professional bottling system and it
came with this cool thing which I'm
pretty sure you will be very fond of I
know and it came with like a huge thing
of bottle caps - yeah I guess we could
okay
hi karma Oh guards killed look seven
months old today today he's seven months
ollie seven months old you guys seven
months ago
we had no idea you were coming yet and
you're falling due this time we were
still on going why that's true actually
seven months ago you were giving us
quite a scare but now you're here not
awesome when you want to tell the
internet what you think about that oh
can you not I'm gonna let I'm gonna let
it okay okay
that teeth are being you guess what you
guys were broke
I'm sorry babe I spent all the money's
cuz I'm a horrible person we're poor got
phone call from my bank and they're like
hey um you don't have any money in the
bank you actually owe us money I'm like
wait what and apparently in my account
is like four dollars overdrawn so gonna
count that I never use and so I don't
put money in there cuz I just never use
it I like way too many bank accounts and
I accidentally used the wrong card for
something online and it turns that
account so now I'm racing to the bank
but it's four dollars and 82 cents so
it's literally less than five dollars so
I don't get a fee like the worst thing
ever when you over draw your account
right and then they charge you $40 it's
like I love money oh my gosh how do you
think I got into this all right guys
it's like the epitome of boring adult
things right here look at we literally
have all the boring adult things and now
we're looking at vacuum cleaners boring
adult thanks boring I don't thanks
Boeing adult things come on you want to
sing it I know you do
sing it end up calling our dog thanks
cord rewind they look at this you don't
even have to rewind cords anymore you
just do that and push the button you
push this button and it goes Boop done
oh man things are getting crazy Oh Missy
and I just plowed through an 18 Padma
and Oh karma
he's like community actually I'm just
sanitizing my new beer bottles and then
we're going to carbonate my beer
which takes another two weeks do you
believe that I got two weeks after this
you know I'm thirsty I've been waiting
like a month now nobody look at you guys
my labels actually came and they look
really really nice I got these from
grogg tag calm I designed it all myself
and then uploaded it and so what we're
going to do is we're going to sanitize
these and then we're gonna throw these
on and then I'm going to use the beer
that's upstairs and fill them my
beautiful wife just helped me bottle and
cap 16 beers
yeah profess you got a week high five
because I'm carrying the baby holding
bottle caps that was fun though huh it
was really cool we got the beer sit and
it's got set for another two weeks it's
a huge beer fan but the process is kind
of cool so how
this guy to get a ba th weight we're
allowed to say it in front of him right
he's not gonna freak out you're right
they're sensitive viewers okay so we did
get a new vacuum cleaner you guys we got
the Hoover Elite rewind pet edition you
guys didn't know you can go download my
cover of Mears it's on iTunes Google
Play and Amazon I'll have all the links
below in description please go download
it cuz I would Missy would like for me
to earn my money back that I spent on it
huh there's no more music way well say
too much you want to tell them to give
the vlog a thumbs up thumbs up to brag
really suddenly gets so mad he's like
stop making me do things
thank you guys for watching and we will
see you tomorrow good bye good bye hey
guys
so this is weird I'm like talking to you
at the end of the insight anyway hey
real quick I wanted to let you guys know
that we do have hoodies now they say hey
and we have the anchor ones we have
zipper hoodies you guys can choose your
color so if you guys want to check those
out I'll have the links below in the
description daily bumps merch calm and
right now you can use the code pot of
gold for $10 off your orders of $50 or
more so I just want to make sure let you
guys know that you're copying shake are
all you're copying shake are well guess
what he's quitting on the fifth well I
don't know if he's quitting but anyway
someone's got to do this right I don't
know if it's gonna do this I just want
to let you guys know about the cool new
hoodies that I made so go check them out
and if you click that one year ago
button you can see what we're doing one
year ago and actually if you click that
and then go a couple days you'll see the
general Vil party I forgot to let you
guys know that but that was really cool
so you guys should go check that out
thanks for watching I'll show you
tomorrow goodbye
