this is how we get all riled up in the
morning like I want to do amazing things
be good morning say good morning to our
internet friends say good morning there
right there shake up morning and welcome
to our daily life we're gonna show you
some stuff and we hope you don't get
bored good morning guys hey little Ollie
off living room this is our living room
area on the living room area he's making
out with Sophie
so lady Sophie's gonna be your Valentine
huh I'm not just really want attention
you guys that's all he wants I got my
boy I gave my boy I gave my boy I got my
boy I got my boy are you guys all the
outfit of the day look at the security
he's wearing a daddy's little guy onesie
and this really awesome green just
greens my favorite color put him in
these brown corduroy
I think quarter right yeah they kind of
corduroy and they have fake pockets
I hate baby clothes as fake aspects to
the clothing what if he actually needs a
pocket to put something in and then we
got him these green anchor socks and
they got like sticky on the bottom look
in my fun cutie
so last night as you know I was at the
studio all night I think I got home at
like 2:00 a.m. but we finished the song
we finished filming and I'm really
really excited and today I'm just going
through all the clips pretty stoked by
how they're turning out so I'm actually
just waiting for the producer today to
send me the track so I can submit it and
get it up so I want to have it up on
iTunes as well so you guys can download
it and listen to it all you want
and I think it takes like two days once
I send it to iTunes for them to actually
put it up and I really wanted it to be
up by Thursday
so I'm hoping he sends it to me shoot my
glasses are in today these are my old
glasses as I'm wearing right now and I
thought I should go there without
contacts in that way when I um do get my
glasses I can put them right on I'm
really nervous about it because um
actually a couple reasons so I picked
out glasses that are a little bit
different and I thought almost me so
cute um but at the time I was wearing
bangs and I just had to get rid of my
bangs so for all of you who love my
bangs I'm sorry for all you who ate my
bangs you win I'm kind of just done with
the bangs thing it was bugging me and
now I have to train my bangs and it's
going to be a ridiculous process just so
you know I'm gonna look ridiculous some
days because my bangs are very short and
I have like pin them back and it's just
frustrating so I'm not gonna get rid of
bangs all together I'm just doing more
like a swooping I guess you could say um
now I'm worried that my glasses are
gonna look weird without bangs and I
don't know he'll be fine cuz I have to
wear them so it doesn't really matter
and but anyways that's what we're doing
today and I thought I'd give you guys a
quick little update for those of you who
care about my Monopoly playing how
that's going I don't know if anyone
really cares but I'm really excited
about it and I'm getting closer and
closer look at this I only have two left
for a million dollars but I'm actually
not going for the million dollars I'm
going for the 500 thousand dollar dream
home and I only have like three left for
that one Jews um but I'm like really go
look at it boy he doesn't know my heart
all I'm use this all I need is like one
for like everything else like one one I
mean yeah so like really excited I've
got like I'm like really trying to win
here you guys of course I wouldn't turn
down the million dollars of course if I
want it but this is how it works you
only get thirty three thousand dollars
for thirty years so you're only getting
like obviously like it's like split up
throughout through 30 years and that
doesn't really sound very fun but of
course if I did it I'd be like oh my god
what a million dollars what do you think
babe
I like what do you think I think they're
cute you're super cute and they're
really good lines with you she's you
guys she's wearing Nikon lenses so my
camera lens is made with that give like
a camera
my mom got lessons dude get your hers so
classy where can I find um a good
fiction novel oh and yes there's a baby
sleeping in back our new baby got done
filming my ass Missy so go check that
out it should be up on my video my
channel right now actually my is dying
up I walk I was sitting on the bed all
cross-legged whenever I sit like that my
foot always dies always waking up from
his nap Oh baby
did you sleep okay not for very long huh
you look very tired huh you tired no
might get only punch my butt is like
seriously dead
I guess it's technically asleep but oh
hey gang look at you over there good
morning can you look over here you're
such a happy baby what do you do oops
uh uh oh it's really bad I might have
left a banana peel in the car that's the
worst you guys leaving a banana peel in
the car now the entire car smells like
banana here we are at Albertson's with
monopoly I'm gonna win big
I need Cardinals they always forget now
that we have a stroller you just
when you a new home I'll take a million
dollars or a new home please thank you
okay you got it oh yeah one hour later
well that was a massive fail we came
here to find out what was for dinner or
to get stuff for dinner and we couldn't
do it we got some Gatorade here I'll
take this baby here we go
Oliver is pissed he's like you may be
getting the stroller for nothing maybe
getting a straw for nothing
hey Oliver you look like a Simpsons
character right now cuz you're all
yellow cuz these lights did you know
that remember how we got these cookie
dough Oreos last night well I tried one
today and they're yummy I can't say
they're gross as I'm about to make Missy
try one but try one oh my gosh wait a
second can we hold up for Ally's beer
right now
it's like a full beard besides I don't
even like normal Oreos and the cream
filling so if I like this would be
amazing oh my gosh she takes a little
less bite when she tries stuff it's
ridiculous it's weird right does it
taste like cookie dough at all gosh God
though it's strange yeah
tastes like the regular filling but
doesn't taste like a chocolate but it's
like a in the between the chocolate and
the the regular filling I think it sort
of has a coffee flavor and someone
actually tweeted me after I showed a
picture of them and they were like do
you think they taste like coffee flavor
and they definitely do they've it's like
a weird it's like there's too much
vanilla or something you know but
they're still Oreos I think I actually
like it hmm
eat the whole thing
yeah I'm fine
he's like splashing away in there mmm
hey I climb on the bubble bubbles and
add a head oh okay
he's like full body standing up you cray
you cray all right sit back down sit
back down on the booty so we just opened
up a package from my aunt in Wisconsin
and of course she sends me cheese look
at this cheese in the shape of a cow I'm
funny but she made look at these you
guys she made clock books for all of her
and that's so cool so it's like a book
she cleaned them all first - so they're
all nice and fresh so we got this one
and then this one Paddington that's so
cool and then she also look at this you
guys she put our names on these super
plush towel do you feel these towels
likes like amazing and so it's got
anchors and that one says Missy and then
this one says Brian that's so cool Thank
You Ellen you're awesome it's hard Missy
reading to Oliver to get him to go to
bed yeah so we he definitely does he
like books
does he like books yet these are nice
though because he chews on them he like
likes it you went up and struggle over
every night
alright guys Oliver is sleeping and so
we're gonna call it a night but I hope
you guys enjoyed today's vlog I didn't
want to say if you guys didn't see the
chicken nugget challenge that I released
yesterday on my channel then go watch it
I'll have it linked below and then also
Macy did another episode of ask Missy
I'll have that linked below as well and
I just finished editing my mirrors cover
and I'm so excited
that'll be out on my channel on Thursday
the day before Valentine's Day so I'm
really glad I finished that if you guys
want to see what we were doing one year
ago be sure to click the button at the
end of the video that says one year and
you can see what we were doing one year
ago be sure to subscribe to our channel
because we put out videos every single
day and we'll see you guys tomorrow
okay we're gonna try and go underwater
okay so you blow in his nose and then we
dunk him ready oh you barely even went
under
