Coffee you guys stuff makes the world go
round
also fresh biscuits um
I think some of those K this is our son
baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things
good morning guys this morning I made
some fresh biscuits and gravy and doing
breakfast at home it's it's always nice
to order this because you don't have to
make it but sometimes it's nice that you
can just like home in your pajamas you
don't want to get in the car do anything
so got biscuits and gravy going this
morning hot coffee
they're like little biscuits Missy make
miniature biscuits we didn't open yours
up yeah I just walked dead like I tore
it up
there's oh she's going for a bowl you
guys look at that that's different your
fancy big yes I'm phone to look who's
awake I'm coming to get you
Derek cranky baby in here look the
reloads where's that cranky baby where
is the cookie baby kick morning so he
always has the biggest smile when I come
in here and get him from the crib what
do I do - whoa yeah oh you guys see this
you know what that means
sheesh what are we gonna do with you can
you just keep pooping and peeing all
over Earth dying you think I know each
part of the part of the game daddy
Missy swore she heard him pooping
through the monitor yes he was we
actually pretty much tag-teamed
a raunchy diaper this morning and we
have to wash our sheets now all right
karma you're gonna keep an eye on Ally's
gonna help daddy super high on all okay
mmm ah you need the dogs help right yeah
yeah okay and you're gonna watch Oliver
okay you keep an eye on him make sure he
doesn't you know get any any of your
toys I do not think I could be I could
take care of him no I definitely can't
do the dirty diapers okay all right all
the outfit of the day he looks super
cute today ready all right so
we're trying something different we're
going with no onesie and just a t-shirt
awesome hunk to the rescue and its coral
not pink
I can't say about coral and pink are in
the same category orangish pink it's a
very manly pee no no yes pretty sure
family pink or girly pink it's a manly
pink yeah I'm pretty sure that's a pink
anyways it doesn't really matter it's
cute and you look cute in it and then
you just got some cute blue sweats to
match the blue riding because we got a
match of course this is Cooper say use
it why you say right there for me I
wanted to see who else is playing
Albertsons monopoly with me leaving the
cons below if you're playing I am super
excited about you normally I don't
really play we've been shopping there
pretty often not like a ton of like
little Koopa or like these little tabs
um that they give you when you're
shopping because we did like a big
shopping yesterday and I feel like I'm
gonna win something good okay you guys
I'm like one away from $2,500 in three
groceries I'm one away from $250 in a
grocery gift card and I'm getting closer
to $1,000,000 I got two of the things
for $1,000,000 what if I won 1 million
dollars from Albertsons I'm so excited
so anyways I'm playing this this is so
much fun and I've been going crazy I
even was typing in all the little codes
that come with the little coupons into
the computer if you don't know I'm
talking about basically Albertsons is
having a monopoly thing kind of like
what McDonald's does on once a year and
if you get all the little like coupon I
don't know what they're called little
tabs and for that thing then you win
that prize so I don't know if this is as
close as I'm getting to couponing but
it's a lot of fun good it's a game I'm
eating a banana because bananas are
pretty much amazing and all he keeps
staring at it he says give me that
banana give it to me well I'll try it
sure summer okay Wow wait the B oh oh
he's got it
Oh what do you think different huh he
got a good little mashed it up really
good
- what do you think of it enjoy the
peace
oh he's go right for it Louie
okay bye dude look at his little teeth
mark he has like two little bottom teeth
but he has no top teeth well and he's
doing pretty dang good anything the
faces he makes our hilarious
he's like an official monkey now you
guys you understand ah he's an official
monkey oh don't I don't see babies it's
a little tiny piece Hegel I mean he
likes it that's the first week thing
he's tasting it after mess it up look at
he wants it good job kiddo hey when I
love someone I'm loving all the way hey
hey ollie is officially mobile we got
roar on go get her go get Katie gotta
use all your all your limbs including
your head hey hey wrong way you know I'm
the one to take you all the way
Fran Fran half-and-half and pants
it's such a good song go get her go get
her
hmm I know if you can consider this
crawling legs fly up one arm is not cool
good job baby did it so we just filmed a
chicken nugget challenge for my channel
I can't even talk straight because I'm
miserable but that'll be up on my
channel next week and everyone was
watching and now everyone's like we're
like I'm pretty hungry now how can you
do that
AG yes sure I mean more than four no way
four that's your cow oh my gosh you guys
that was gnarly faster Bryan's little
video she does not look good looks so
sick it's terrible I was like this close
to throwing up so with my brothers my
brother was in the video too and I
thought that Jimmy was actually going to
throw up so I'm sure you're not feeling
so great either got ollie taking a nap
and I'm trying something a little bit
different one this is second nap of the
day and usually this is more difficult
but he was so tired he was like bobbing
his head you know and I put a fan in
there that looks like a really loud fan
really hoping he sleeps longer it's now
been 40 minutes which is already better
than usual so we're gonna hope that
would be really cool I don't think that
sound thing was working as well as I was
hoping
cuz he was waking up so easily I always
drink it jinx it whenever i vlog about
it he wakes up five minutes later so I
need to knock on some wood because their
homes cannot come over here oh well
Ollie sleeps we're gonna chill out on
the couch and place them LittleBigPlanet
a little bit those we played this last
night and it was so much fun we're
putting things for quite a while too and
it's just cool it's like a game that you
can play together and like it's teamwork
but it's also like so much fun it's so
cute little sock guys I watched you
that was me Oh give me and dancing
I got poopy in my pants I got to pee in
my hands huh yeah you just can't make it
yeah so all he's got his third poopy
diaper today today's all about pooping
oli slept for a whole hour and a half he
did so good and I even got a little nap
in there so did Brian huh all right so
much better know is that poop on with
you kid tell them how you feel
that's what happened and then you feel
happy after you tell them all about it
hey guys guess what I had for dinner a
nap and it was amazing headed in two
hours since we're gonna grab some stuff
cuz I'm not that hungry but I think
we're gonna grab some dessert
Oh miss is obsessed with this I forgot
my wallet
and so I scrounged up three dollar bills
and four quarters from the car so find
something that is less than four dollars
okay cool backpack bro hey oli ki say
mama key say mama mama chocolate fudge
Missy and look at you get bonus monopoly
get him oh I'm not even a second you
know is this one but you get bonus with
these so for show you get bonus brownies
it is and it is 339 so hopefully we have
enough money
Hey who's taking a big-boy bath you are
huh good job kiddo oh we got you we got
you got veneers all over
I've everything funny story you guys we
got brownies and then we went to make
them and we have no oil and so we're
like I'm not going back to this door
just oil to make brownies that's our
night anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog we're gonna go ahead and
end it click thumbs up if you smiled at
all during it be sure to click on the
one year vlog on the end slate or in the
description below so you guys can see
what we're doing exactly one year ago
scratch our channel cuz we put up videos
every single day and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
good bye this last I would take at a
bath how about Saturday night first time
actually going all the way up there ring
around the Rosie
