good morning you guys wholly crapballs
it's sunny out see this the sun's just
like good morning everybody on the Sun
and I'm really bright and if you don't
have sunglasses I make you drive all
squinty eyed boy there's gonna do
amazing things it is a good morning you
know that phrase when they say good
morning
that means cuz the morning is always
good no matter what you guys if you were
having a really rough day yesterday a
bummer day bad crap happened you're just
upset black the morning is always good
because it's always new it's refreshing
start over you know what I mean so if
you guys are having a bad day yesterday
just start over in the morning make it a
good day choose to make it a good day
today is Saturday which means it's
Sunday for you guys which means one more
day until look who's vlogging yeah I'm
so excited for you guys to see this
first episode if you don't know what I'm
talking about
click the link below in the description
just subscribe to baby league all he has
his very own show there on Mondays and
it's gonna be so much fun holy moly all
man those people were broke down on the
side of the road it was still a good
morning for them though you guys it's
still a good morning when you break down
slow down that's all I'm telling you to
do is just slow down if you don't slow
down I'm a Papa tire
I'm delirious because I'm hungry good
morning kiddo
are you you sittin up huh like a big boy
he set it up like a big boy look at that
smile he's giving me Missy watched him
actually in the monitor setup didn't you
Missy that is amazing he's a smart
little boy
not quite cutting on the couch or
watching a movie it's actually super
lazy Saturday we haven't gotten up yet
but we're also on our third movie I
don't really know what's going on but
it's kind of interesting once this guy
wakes up then I gotta get ready it's
been a super lazy Saturday morning which
is really nice and relaxing every once
in a while
got a little monkey this is exactly what
happens when babies wear t-shirts it's
literally all the way up to his arms
it's annoying that's why I never liked
to put t-shirts on cuz it's okay but he
looks cute even if he's showing belly I
know he's at look at these baby abs
don't you know those flex for me look
he's playing flexes with you okay to be
honest he has amazing upper-body
strength like we hold him by like his
hips and he literally just holds his
body up yeah for sure
all right all the outfit of the day all
right he's got this blue striped t-shirt
on submit stretchy baby jeans and these
adorable sneakers he's very good like
velcro that's so cool
they're pretty cute yeah pretty cute
we're up be me out of the house watch
scary movies on Netflix no well we
finished one we started Eternal Sunshine
of the spotless mind I've never seen it
as weird it is totally a movie to hear
yeah this is like oh you'll love this
movie they liked it I loved it it was so
good I knew he would let me watch the
loss of translate I didn't get that I
wasn't really paying head jealous have
to sleep all I could pay attention to
with Scarlett Johansson's voice we're
gonna go meet with my parents for lunch
and then I don't know what we're doing
today and all of a sudden that half a
strange accent
looked me so where I hop right now with
mrs. mom dad and Jimmy
say hi Jimmy no you're cool say hi Jimmy
that's the running joke do that one and
we have Olly here and when we sat down
there was um a couple tables and now
it's pretty much all cleared out so
Ollie cleared this place out screen and
we allow that very loudly yeah and
they're not seating anyone about freedom
of speech then look at it coming
yeah we are at the game store and like
sweaty boys who doesn't know so much but
I think I'm getting Lego Harry Potter
because I wanted a Lego game for Missy
and I to play we did start what's the
one game we started Ratchet and Clank
I think like but we didn't know where to
start with 5 or 7 5 & 7 or a year 1 & 4
so we were gonna do this one is this
cool yeah I know I do too but you
wouldn't let me buy it I was about to
buy it but anyway no it's $50 dollars
wives am i right can I get an amen
what about jeopardy is that a good game
no no don't get Jeopardy
Missy almost made me get Jeopardy woo
all right you guys so we just went for
it we ended up going lego movie video
game because guess what everything is
awesome oh look at this you guys boom
all I get Uncle Jimmy walking with a
little Ollie you can do it kiddo you can
do is he refusing to walk come on Ollie
come here you want the video game dude
the video game
we got the lego movie - I'm so excited
busy okay put a team wait is it oh it's
only one player I'm just kidding she was
about to like be all up in my grill and
look what I found
momma's got herself a milky way hey did
I tell you guys that I just found out I
like milky ways I don't I'm not normally
a candy person I'm not like candy I
don't like chocolate I think chocolates
all think chocolate it's gross anyways
that's the whole nother rant but the
other day I was like I just really want
I want to like a candy bar so then I
picked out a milky way Janene it ever
since
so now I like milky way's that's like
maybe we're getting ready to play I just
put all a down for his nap but he's not
actually asleep as you can see he's kind
of trying to fall asleep I'm trying this
new thing when I put him in there and I
just hope for the best
I don't obviously want him to cry I
don't want him to get himself worked up
or anything but I just
him to try and put himself to sleep and
he actually did it earlier today
and I was like super surprised because
he normally once he's awake he's like
get me out of here but he actually was
asleep and then he woke up and then he
put himself back to bed and I was like
what I'm hoping I he'll fall asleep but
we'll see in the meantime we're gonna
try the lego movie which I'm actually
pretty excited about it looks fun and he
just set himself up you guys he just put
himself into a sitting position oh my
gosh he is so funny
alright well now he's standing up
Ollie I cannot believe he stood up he
was I laid him down and he sat up and
then stood up yeah
Holly you've been a bad boy time for
your nap what are we gonna do with this
kid you need to take a nap hi I think I
know maybe you just really want to play
the lego movie video game with us
89 yep the crazy hippie dippie baloney
we're playing lego movie video game and
all he's crawling around on the floor
because he won't take a nap so it's
gonna tire himself out this is coffee
good he's like no you're doing it rock
it I was like four don't hit my oh you
want this hand to move too okay I'll
keep I'll keep it oh I literally just
got in the card I just have to go pick
up something but my Prius is telling me
I have four miles left until I break
down and I'm out of gas I always do this
it's funny because the priestess were
those cars where I can get like 450
miles to a tank and I push it hard I
take advantage of this thing this thing
has paid for itself
funny hopefully I get to a gas station
before I run I guess getting this little
guy ready for
and he's kind of his bath and look at
this you guys you almost had enough hair
to do a mohawk it's so little but it's
pretty cute I just got a little bit
spiked up huh you like your mohawk yeah
kind of Spidey love it was actually
really hard to do because his hair is so
like thin and just like so light that I
could barely do it but I've got a little
mohawk idea huh I made it but um let me
know if this is just me but I'm
seriously like and I don't know if this
is just a California thing I'm like
legitly scared of gas stations at night
like I always feel like I'm gonna get
jumped or someone's blocking me and
they're gonna like steal my car or
something I don't know what it's like
this lighting and it's dark and like
spooky I don't know
kay bye baby is asleep you're not
probably just going to cuddle up and
play some video games or watch a movie
on Netflix I can't believe we watched
that many movies on Netflix this morning
it was really nice getting to just like
relax and chill and stuff if you guys
have any movie suggestions that are on
Netflix let us know in the comments so
we can watch them too I'll just asking
them for Netflix movie suggestions it's
not a movie but korban Kells you've been
talking about Bates Motel sounds like
it's like more horror
I'm not into the whole horror I'm gonna
be honest I will have nightmares just
like I do when I watch Walking Dead I
know I am I'm sorry anyway I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog we're gonna go
give it a thumbs up if you did and we'll
see you tomorrow bye this is Emily and
her little girl Daisy Daisy wanna say
hey say hi say hi to the camera
emily is taking all these six-month
portraits so if you guys want to follow
her on Facebook I'll have her Facebook
page you know and maybe she'll post a
couple tonight
