I have a good really bad cough and it's
the worst especially when I'm nursing
him he's like falling asleep
see some of those okay this is all
Sunday
boy they're gonna do amazing things
Oh is there a baby in here good morning
hey what are you doing kiddo you're just
planning on breaking free huh you got a
pretty firm grip there on the crib huh
big abou how was your sleep did you
sleep good Tac yesterday is he found one
of his old binky's I inadvertently gave
him that during his nap not really
thinking but he took it right away which
is weird what are you doing you can't
fit through there you trying to break
free
all right come on like the loaded grip
and we're up good morning guys I was
just vacuuming so this is how try get
everything up off the floor if it covers
that up here you're laying in your bed
on top of our bed huh probably come on
come on hey Missy
guess what day it is huh oh let me know
the comments if you guys said it right
after I said it hey he's up why are you
up mr. mister she's like I wanna hang
out with you guys let in that soon like
I feel good don't look outside
whoo it's cool out there huh hey hey you
got my face bro you squeezing my cheek
that's my job for you he's legit squeaky
I was playing with ollie and then karma
comes and he's like play with me they
would me too we still got you we still
love you girl so I woke up feeling
pretty crappy II really congested it so
it's like I feel okay right now but it
seems like every morning I like I have
to wake up and I have to like clear
everything inside you know it's just
gross what do you do hey mom ah
I think Missy woke up feeling better how
do you feel babe really cool yes I still
say and they still have that sexy baby
voice going on yeah I could see little
smelly can smell again I have a good
really bad cough and it's the worse
especially when I'm nursing him he's
like falling asleep I'm like it's just
like this nasty tickle and it's almost
like I start to gargy oh I have to let
it out hey guys good morning I'm in the
closet right now because I just realized
that we still have not done the
chalkboard Hong Karma thank you for
joining me
usually I'm like Brian do the chalkboard
but then I was like what if I use a
chalkboard and so then I remembered I
have this really cute note in my wallet
it's a really old wallet from Brian
maybe there's something on here that I
can put on the chalkboard via not that
note maybe a different one all right
we're going deeper into the closet I
think I remember now where it's at
mmm okay this is just a disaster in here
I think I know I think I gave it to my
sister
there is my jewelry box or else you get
my note okay so I'm pretty sure this is
a song lyric but I'm gonna try and do
something cute it with it say
keep breathing my angel if you go down I
go with you sure what did that one
alright I figured out what I'm doing the
chalkboard with I decided against when I
was my original plan so I'm working on
it but we got to take a break because we
are going to die of starvation stabbing
today yeah this is jacking my steak is
it good yeah I got a Angus beef veggie
Bowl from frame broiler this stuff's
amazing they have this stuff called
magic sauce it literally lives up to his
name you guys it's magical she just go
all over it and they also have hot sauce
- that stuff's good oh it's probably
really hot you guys Missy is having a
heart attack right now he is so excited
I say what I think you need good are
those words if I could just open it
somebody help me alright here we go here
you got this you got this you got this
you got this it's like no oh my goodness
look at oh god we wrap love oh my gosh
man he hooked us up oh my gosh is so
easy look at oh it's the mag that we
left Golden Gate Bridge
San Francisco hey thank you guys and I
actually think there's more cookies
coming yeah okay so this is from Michael
they have a channel and I'll have it
linked below for you guys so you can
check them out but they were so nice and
we were so bummed because after we left
San Francisco we didn't make we couldn't
make another trip to voting to get
cookies and we also left our magnet at
our Airbnb and so we were like oh it's
sad and then he actually works for them
so he hooked us Giusti but is that a
dozen cookies got a dozen cookies babe
and you hook this up Michael thank you
so much bull and Haley I don't know if
you guys if we showed it but Haley's
their little daughter who like ran into
my arms at the meat of it yeah when we
read that meetup in San Francisco she
literally ran from
and like jumped into Missy's arms it was
adorable
I mean here you want one this deserves a
macro action look at that sea salt on
top you guys these are like the most
amazing cookies I remember my mom as
well gob um so yeah there's this truck
right here and it's got one head
and frying refers to it as it's like
CatDog CatDog well it's been so long
they don't read that hey watch that dog
show oh my god barely but I used to
watch that all the time funny think I'm
more laughing at the fact that it's cat
dog not bad so Missy is at an eye
appointment getting her eyes checked and
I didn't really want to hang out in
there so going through Walmart huh Hey
Hey I changed his diaper you guys it was
insane I gotta tell you after you start
solids the poo is just crazy it's crazy
there's no going back that's the new
normal I was thinking what do I get
Missy for Valentine's Day is coming up I
don't know I feel like I I always have
to top myself from the year before
otherwise she's just like Mary she's
really bad with surprises too so I
probably won't give her any like huge
surprises or should I
you'll never know babe you'll never know
all right so I just got done with my eye
appointment and I'm getting glasses I'm
getting glasses
I actually just picked out a really cute
pair and I'm really excited about them
but I don't get them for like a week or
something like that I mean this piece no
when you talk about me the worst the
worst Oh
anyways really excited so I'm getting um
glasses and I haven't got a new pair of
glasses and the lady said stop wearing
your contacts so much yeah she's like uh
do you sleep in your contacts I was like
no never she's like well you should stop
wearing them so much I'm like all right
you have like blood vessels on avoid
something about blood vessels like
growing over the iris I don't know why
she was saying but I was like crap okay
I'll stop so and now we're looking at
pillows boring ml things we got oh I
broke something oh my god it is not do
that oh man
okay boreal oh thank you oh my god don't
think oh my god don't think I don't know
I think this is kind of a cool adult
thing yes we're trying to find some cute
pillows no too late too dark that's all
that's all yeah all righty then hi
Ashley so this is Ashley you guys which
we just ran into her this is baby Olly
check around
it's amazing me you know don't freak out
we're here shopping just like you nice
to meet you well maybe we'll see you
around so this is kind of funny you guys
were at Target and we're shopping and we
literally got a cart for a burrito and a
lamp I guess I'm just too lazy to care
around a burrito know that but look at
this Torito it's execute do it
uh-oh is he attacking you oh he had your
skin babe it's the same brand of burrito
that they sell in the Brio box dildo
babe it's like it's like a legit burrito
I'm going to try this is torturing Olli
I didn't want to say thank you again
Ashley for coming up and saying hi we
always get comments of people who are
like I saw you shopping here or I saw
you here and I was too shy to say hi
just come say hi to us we want to meet
you guys and take pictures and see who
you are behind you know the computer
screen just like you guys want to see us
cuz we're behind the camera you know
what I mean okay she's grabbing his
blankie all right gonna put this magnet
right on the fridge
boom she's so cool cuz it's a Golden
Gate Bridge and it's red I think that's
totally awesome actually did just get an
email from another viewer who is sending
us cookies and a magnet but that's okay
it's really okay because I think it's i
think the magnet is different than this
one and those cookies aren't gonna last
very long so it's actually pretty nice
mocha guys it's that time of night again
where I have to start a bath what's that
doing in there
alright bubbles bobbles is in trouble
lava bubbles is in trouble start them
out for baby Holly this bathroom has
this cool little color code earthy so
actually change color actually I'm gonna
test it the super hot water it's
supposed to turn white
if the water is too hot
oh it's geared miss you guys see that it
turned white and it says hot it works
that is so good I like so easily amused
by this look at this kid you guys he is
like owning bath time he knows how to do
it he's all chill sitting back relaxing
all cool hey that is my boy yeah like
that time don't you what do you think
bubbles
Missy finished the chalkboard look what
she did it says my love will find you
wherever you go
cue the aah got two hearts one says kiss
me the other one says be mine hey babe
I'll be yours I got you girl I got to
you really I use your watch no room no
having fun no running no running
Oh Missy's reading Dolly's cutest thing
ever right now since about to die though
hey I found you guys every single night
Brian asks me hey where's your camera so
I can end the vlog and I'm like oh no
literally I never know sure I'm the last
person to use the camera but I'll tell
you what I have no clue where it's at
actually Brian's doing a video so I'm
always like oh no and then Brian has to
go searching for it and and then I just
didn't have no idea where it's at and
then he has to go find it and he always
finds it but today I found it huh it was
actually in the car in the diaper bag so
and I don't even know if I'm vlog with
it all day long I didn't really know
what it was but it went tell Brian I
didn't know where Karma's snuggled up on
the couch how are you doing are you just
hiding you're hiding your eyes you're
tired grandma connect to your face oh
you're so handsome
I've got Ollie in my pocket he's asleep
he's asleep every time we say he's a
sleeper you fell asleep from friends
make a lot of friends jokes you didn't
know that yet Brian's actually doing his
video it is really late and he's doing a
video for tomorrow such a slacker but
he's getting done which is the important
part
you know you get tired and you're like
really kind of delirious you just keep
talking and you just stop you you
probably go to bed just telling me right
now excuse me did it stupid right it's
so stupid
okay you guys I just did a video on my
channel about this app ironpants that
everyone wanted me to play after doing
my flappy bird video and it's just
ridiculous go watch it now I'll have a
link below the description but you got
one yeah it's so horrible hmm
oh hey babe don't you like this lamp
over here in this corner
it's nice it's a little um being light
going on in here you know to mean
something I love it better no you know
what I feel like we need I feel like we
need more seating in this room don't you
and like a new couch this couch is so
old
hmm we'll just sleep won't do this it's
only been 2 hours I think she's gonna
try and put it back to bed but anyway
gonna go ahead and end the vlog I just
want to say thank you guys all so much
for all of your like get well wishes
I've gotten so many tweets and comments
and I just really appreciate you guys
all thinking about us I think we are
getting better I feel a whole lot better
now and I think Missy does too
I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog
click thumbs up if you did and go check
out the video I did on my channel I'll
have it linked below
and we will see you guys tomorrow good
night guys gonna go sleep really it's so
cute that the new game that Carmen plays
now is always Carrie you're so cute
please
