oh my dame live no more oh why oh sure
so much you throw up a lot oh okay yeah
Oh big guy speak for the bum very nice
of you
this is our son daily
boy he's gonna do amazing things
hey Carper hey boy good mighty
hey guys good morning everyone was just
sleeping this morning Missy is really
not feeling very well at all she's like
really weak and congested having trouble
finding something she can take because
she is nursing so I'm fortunate in that
I've I've drink like half a bottle of
dayquil you guys so that's what it takes
to like get me cleared up in the morning
so I like drink a ton of dayquil took a
nice hot steamy shower cleared up my
nose and my throat stuff I still got
stuff going on that I just feel so bad
for her because she's not sick that
often and she's really really sick now
I'm running out to grab food so when she
wakes up she can eat something hearty
and maybe get up and start starting on
day I still have trouble like thinking
that this is year two of the vlogs you
know what I mean is anyone else like
sort of in disbelief anyone's been
following us from the beginning be like
holy cow they're on here too like
sometimes it feels like a dream to me
that we're on year two of these daily
vlogs what are we gonna do next like I'm
so excited tweeted the other day like
how many views we have that month and I
was like I can't I would never have
imagined never in a million years what
I've imagined that this is what we'd be
doing and I'm just so thrilled and happy
and I'm really glad that all you guys
are like loved following our day-to-day
things and you know and and I love
coming up with things to show you guys
and talk to you guys about it's like
when you have a friend who lives far
away and you talk to them on on the
phone for 15 minutes a day and you just
get their whole day you know and then
when you guys see each other you're like
I know you you know and I mean I know
everything that went on in your life and
I sort of feel like that's what's going
on here it's someone ah Oliver we've
been doing odd did you take a nap not a
very long one huh you know munchkin hey
this isn't your binky this is your baby
binky give me your baby pinky this is AG
rose hey time to get up can you get up
ha
giggle good three or loves it it's the
new game that Carmen plays now with Olli
yes don't cover where's Ali Kari you're
so cute
where's Albert what do you think boy you
think it's funny well hi guys I'm not
even gonna pretend it's not I'm not
gonna say good morning cuz it's not
morning I've been so sick like I just I
keep thinking like I'm gonna be over the
hump and then I literally wake up
feeling like death but it didn't help
that Oliver was up like a lot last night
he just kept waking up and like crying
and yeah like a total screams I don't
know maybe the mashed potatoes um do you
think he ate too much he could I mean
there was a lot I did not think he was
gonna eat all of them and he did so I
don't know maybe he just ate something
I'm gonna take a break today I'm doing
no food and then try again tomorrow or
something but yeah I was not a good
night and I was sick and so added to the
frustration and then I woke up feeling
like I was going to die but it's weird
it's like it's just a cold but like I
don't know maybe it is some sort of flu
though cause like my whole body just
aches yeah it's a very a key in my I'm
just tired
are we like I just want to say thank you
God for breastfeeding because how does
this little boy sit with two nasty sick
people all day long and doesn't get sick
it's amazing yes so I know like that I
need a longer v-neck needs me deeper
anyways um just been really sick today
and I was resting a lot and stuff now
I'm doing chores cuz
that's what mommies do they are sick and
they still do chores so power just went
out I was we were just we were just
about to like take a little break and I
was turned on my ps3 and I was gonna
play a game no ps3 and God said you're
right Missy no Piatt and then everything
just shut off so but it was only our
room and and Oliver's room so I'm
thinking thinking it might have been the
heater that I have on for the beer
brewing so I'm gonna see if I can fix
that I think this is it but I not sure I
think that's what the solar panels which
is weird because this was just reading
like 700 and now it's reading like 1200
because the Sun is not sure that's funny
how do I get in here I it's really scary
because I always say warning warning
warning warning electric shock hazard so
meanwhile I've been napping for like an
hour and it's trying to starting to feel
a little bit better I shall in like
ridiculous but look at this
oh wow
Oh killed he woke up with me but he was
like I'm not getting up at he was like
making that face he refused open his
eyes
so I've infective and he's been asleep
for like two hours now hopefully that
doesn't mean he's coming down something
and like trying to sleep it away I just
hope he's not being sick I did it I
found the light thing kind of works I
don't want my beard to get too cold or
else it will like completely mess up I
guess if it gets too cold it'll take too
long to ferment and I think it's too hot
then it creates like these really weird
flavors but it seems like it's doing
good it's at 71 and it's good so great
all right it's officially been two and a
half hours since always fell asleep and
all the laundry's done there's nothing
left to do so what do you think karma
you think we should wake the little boy
up I think I'm gonna wake him up I know
that sounds terrible but it's also
getting late and it's his gonna be his
bed time enough few hours and I don't
want him to be I want him to be tired
from bedtime or would like to sleep
tonight oh okay I know you want to sleep
best time to get up no no he's really
asleep I know he didn't not only go
tickle his back he doesn't
good morning mr. Vance okay
good good okay good morning buddy we're
gonna get up okay what the heck why is
he so tired
hmm he had a terrible night so you yeah
let's wake up it's my eyes hey there he
is hey guys look what Mimi got you Joe
it's one of the mesh bag things and I
put ice cubes in it what do you think
you like this kind of fun so you can
like to own ends yeah and not get like a
chunk and choke yeah so you can do that
I can put like um little chunks of
breast milk in it I can do chug
something food and he's really doing it
they're cool
he'll me I you just got a couple ice
cubes in there yeah thank you
oh you'll ace it no we doing for me um
you put like frozen something in here uh
no twinsies we just ate dinner and um
this is really really excited because
that means
well she's eating you're eating
chocolate before we do this today
everyone's been talking about the Tim
Tam slam what the Tim Tam slam all right
we googled it where is it
we're gonna do it I just know how to do
this problem you need a hot drink so
what do you want hot chocolate I'm gonna
I'm gonna do hot dark hot chocolate this
stuff is baller shot caller I think it
only holds a medium oh yeah look at that
you guys there's nothing like some fresh
hot chocolate when you're sick we've
been stuck inside all day sick and this
sounds really good right now mm-hmm
hey weakly hating it
in yourself right okay so everyone
telling us to do the Tim Tam challenge
these are Tim Tams and they're like what
like a chocolate wafer cookie I think
that they're originally from Australia
I shouldn't say things unless I know
what I'm talking about that's true okay
so what you do is you'd bite one corner
sometime you can see it's like 200
wafers with chocolate filling no
chocolate food you buy the opposite
corner we got yeah okay
and then you stick one end into your
drink and you suck on this end like a
straw and when you feel the liquid start
to come in you slam the whole cookie in
your mouth hence the name Tim Tam slam
okay right
hey yay oh I was already going yeah it's
like melting in my hair hmm
where's enjoyed it
I made the cookie like so like mushy
literally turn to listen yeah
so that is how you do the Tim Tam slam
want it again
I do actually dude again windowed again
go
I didn't live no more why so much
hey you throw up there's a lot oh okay
yeah doctor okay don't try this at
home I guess
you smiling it karma what's oli doing
what are you doing Ali hey you playing
with Sophie there you go eat her legs
there you go all right we are getting
bubbles the duck ready for a bath
well bubbles isn't taking a bath Oliver
is taking about is he ready this is
walking him over here butt naked walking
on the carpet that's dad yeah yeah yeah
do it this is doing the best in yeah all
right pop them in there you go okay good
all those bubbles please I'm gonna fill
it over do ya grab a table Bob and Tom
bikini Tommy oh gosh okay there we go
all right so all he's eating some dinner
I was originally gonna take a break but
in the end I was like I'm just gonna do
a little bit maybe SOLAS belly a little
bit and have them go to bed please
eating some yummy sweet potato mash
sweet potato but look just like normal
mashed potatoes yeah that's why you
smell like mosquitoes yeah
got tired creek life breast milk in it
alright guys we see is putting Olly to
sleep so I'm gonna go to end the vlog
thank you guys so much for watching
please click the thumbs up button if you
like the blogs this is year two we're
going into year two not gonna be a new
video on Missy's channel today because
she just wasn't feeling up to it we
didn't even like really leave the house
we just stayed home and got caught up on
laundry and I rested as much as possible
because we're both like still very she
might have one up for casual Friday but
I'll link our last two videos below in
the description if you guys haven't seen
those yet so that's it thank you guys
for watching check out the year 1 video
at the end of the clip and we'll see you
lights peace and ease up we're trying to
find the tree that karma like climbed
member and one of our vlogs a year ago
I totally climbed this tree and it was a
closed thing ever and so we're walking
through these trees and we're pretty
sure that those people over there are
smoking pot because we can smell it we
could smell it hey they're walking away
down to their embarrassed
