what do you looking at Oh is there a
puppy dog right next car was in the
backseat and always like what are you
doing over there
some of those okay this is our son being
boy he's gonna do amazing things
alaikum our dead good buddy
Gobbo dingo anybody hi
he's been dancing all morning you guys
close lepers bro
so this morning I had a little panic
because as you guys know in yesterday's
vlog I started my beer and I have it in
Oliver's room and I had we actually have
like a temperature thing on the camera
so I was able to see the temperature and
it got really really cold it was like 63
degrees and you're supposed to keep
between 68 and 76 so I was like oh no I
got this little heater and I put it
right next to the closet if the beer is
right here because it can't be in any of
the sunlight so if I have it out here we
can never open that window because the
sunlight will mess with it
so I put the beer in the closet and now
it's 67 degrees so it seems like it's
gotten a lot warmer and this thing is
still blowing out hot air which means
it's not fully up to temperature so I
think we're okay the first 24 hours of
brewing this stuff it like you see the
most activity so let's see look at that
oh that looks disgusting hahahaha I'm
making beer you guys that's just so cool
I'm so excited to try it
who do you dad Carver get off me don't
act me hey kiddo you see this song is
reminds me that song you play in Animal
Crossing when you're in the boat hey
missus doing dishes I'm gonna make some
breakfast I don't this thing you guys
ready my heart is beating really fast as
they like the anticipation is just yummy
okay did it it didn't well that big of a
deal all right
got them all wrapped up and I just
realized are these pigs in a blanket
cuz I'm pretty sure pigs in a blanket is
that sausage and pancake batter I don't
know but these are croissants so I'm
gonna get these puppies go it
look at these things you guys look so
good
floating plan - we just had sausage and
leftover croissants I like I'm all make
some yummy so Brian just left to do some
errands and as you can tell i'm just
still sick so i decided not to go with
him just don't really feel good and i
could have put him down for a nap and do
some laundry and try and relax a little
bit so i just didn't want to like rush
rush rush around so i'm gonna go get
ready put him to bed he need an amp
weird in here now that Brian's got that
thing going it's really comfortable in
here home are comfortable and warm you
want to read a book all these books I
got out we have all kinds of books
lately oh my goodness hello hello it is
nice to see you - okay I don't think it
is a book don't put me down mama I don't
want to read a book today you just want
to eat and go to bed Fox like I just
gotta grab on your arm then I can pull
myself up just like a monkey oh you're
dead like a monkey there you go you can
turning into my little monkey on Oh
check out the new hair you guys I got a
cut I got it caught really really short
on the sides he hardly ever sees people
that short and I don't think she really
likes it but I just hate getting my hair
cut every two weeks and so I try and get
it cut so I have to do it as often um
yeah she got my hair cut grabbed a shirt
from Old Navy I just another feet neck
should never have enough Phoenix did you
guys know that I'm actually not wearing
right now is anyone freaking out I'm not
wearing a v-neck I've been dragging him
in there with me
he kind of sits there while I put all in
a bed in it so funny he's always like is
he asleep yet I want to get out yeah
peacefully see me hopefully he'll sleep
for a while kind of way past his nap
time I woke up really late because I was
just really gonna feel good sometimes
you know how when he's overly tired he
sometimes boys things for like 30
minutes
oh my gosh look at that picture of ollie
oh gosh this is like our Instagram it
like shows so crazy how much he's
changed well I love that one there's a
Bailey and CJ so cute
oh I love looking at these so today is
an exciting day because today I'm
actually recording vocals for my new
cover that will be up on my channel I'm
gonna try and get that up on Thursday
we're actually gonna be filming and
recording the same time so hopefully all
goes well I am still feeling a little
congested as Missy got me sick she
infected me sort of got a head cold so
I've been taking some dayquil to clear
me up a little hopefully that will and
it'll all go smoothly and we'll get it
done because I've been planning on doing
this for a long time and I know a lot of
people are like itching for music on my
channel just kidding I tried to go back
in there and put him back to sleep face
dead nope wow I just know when I pick
him up and I'm like alright let's try
like to sleep he's like nope nope nope
I'm not going back to sleep oh come on I
have a surprise for you really bad at
surprises it's not exactly what you're
thinking chair inside right I don't
understand it it's so cool out it like a
couple days before you sent me a lake
she said feel awake and she's like I
need this so okay this is obviously not
the official version but no but it's so
cool it's got the same colors so it's
not so super easier for him to hold
because the other one was really like
heavy and durable yeah you say that okay
can be so the one that you found is
actually it yeah it's got like the
bottom fluffy and okay I'll get that one
and - yeah the temperature where the
beer is is 71 - which is perfect for
brewing did you see a babe hook on the
SD it looks so nasty here I show you
this guy see what's going in there moly
hey what are you doing
like scooted I'm just got crawl away so
I was being like a super good sister
today and I was getting all my sister's
clothes out of the dryer and I was like
I'm such a good sister I'm getting all
your clothes out dry and all of a sudden
I start finding my clothes that I never
approved for her to wear friend
and my moustache sweater so annoying
okay if your sister that soldier clothes
is not cool we were searching for a
solid place so we can grab some for
lunch we actually ended up McDonald's
Missy was not very happy about sorry but
this is how far McDonald's have come you
guys look it it's like these touchscreen
games you can play what are you doing oh
like a matching yeah no yeah that's so
cool
appreciate these aren't for adults but
whatevs look at that I got bowling whoa
it's you're gonna gutter ball what was
it just scorpion Go Go Go Go Go oh yeah
I got a strike cuz I'm amazing hey
Oliver what do you think I see the joys
of not having a car see he's just
starting to fall asleep he's like oh and
I literally had to pick him up and put
him in here and go more than too happy
about it
yeah you probably fall asleep but still
it's different it's not that it's bad
it's just different because he used to
just sleep and then we go shopping and
he would just sleep and now I have to
like wake him up and stuff but
I think you'll like his new
transportation because he gets to like
really see what we're going and stuff
huh what don't you're gonna run into
people Missy I'm just testing the zoom I
put it down for the cat check girl you
knock me yeah it's a TKO TKO deep ow
DK oh she can never listen to the song
now the original way because Colleen has
ruined it all he's helping out mommy I'm
not holding it he's so happy with
himself - all right all right I'm
filming a video this is on the vlog but
it's also on my video go watch it's up
on my channel right now link below in
the description that's how I blog don't
judge me
don't judge me camera all right guys
this might be the cutest thing he does
ready how come you never do it when I
said do it what are you looking at ollie
Oh is there a puppy dog right next car
was in the back seat and always like
what are you doing over there there's my
sister back here too
we're going to the doggie Park and karma
so excited because last time he thought
we're going to park but then got his
hair done karma you are looking gorgeous
looks like Heaven's behind you
I watched psycho dog vlog the other day
because I've been really into the whole
one year ago vlogs but I realized
remember when this said karma board know
the feet even say it okay this is the
easy way to throw ball food we cook so
lazy all is so concerned as to what
karma is doing he's doing Nabi he's
fighting with that dog she did getting a
little tiff he was so worried he was
like karma my brother
please be safe I got this really cool
ball on to every guy's scene it's called
the canine cannon reminds me of like a
video game here we go you guys
first-person action right here there's
the dog cat the cannon where you want to
go come on Andy's on we're trying to
find the tree that karma like climbed
member and one of our vlogs a year ago
he totally climbed this tree and it was
the coolest thing ever
and so we're walking through these trees
and we're pretty sure that those people
over there are smoking pot because we
can smell it we could smell it they're
walking away down because they're
embarrassed why it's funny they think
they're are being all secretive out here
they're not me people sorry beware of
hippies you guys beware of the hippies
okay we can't find the tree so this one
has to do come here karma this is a
really big tree come here come woo that
was pretty dang good
Oh
karma look at that ball ball park karma
tree give the tree Wow okay done with
that do you remember no this one right
here I think it was this one baby cuz I
think he peeled off the bark he built up
a piece of it come on come on
alright guys it's time for a sweet
potato basically we are now going to
start one more uh vegetable ish kind of
I don't know if is really a vegetable
but another type of food did avvocato
and then we did carrots and now we're
gonna do some sweet potato really why
you feeling like roast food this is he
this is how I kind of been reading up
about it's over but if you read a little
bit
out um with what you should feed your
baby now because obviously things change
throughout the years you might just
learn something about that
so yeah avocado is the first in every
single book yeah I mean it's the judge I
did they're really really healthy food
carrots are really healthy so this is
we're gonna Carly we're gonna bake it
we're gonna make some butter and
marshmallows yeah we want to stay away
from the sweet so we're gonna do this
I'm off to the studio and I'm really
excited it's my first like ever time
recording anything we're gonna be
filming while we're recording so it's
gonna be like a really big project and
I'm really excited and I hope you guys
love the product because a lot of work
has been put into it you know what I
mean all right we got some delicious
sweet potatoes here with breast milk
looks really yummy it's definitely a
different texture like a much more
denser I guess is the word like it seems
thicker thinking some milk you wanna try
some sweet potato oh hello
go away I really need to get a highchair
you guys I just this is how I do things
right now oh good one hey I'm gonna eat
you ready ready
ah okay good no this one definitely
seems Mia's favorite
yeah he's really digging this one all
right you guys so I'm in the studio and
Emily's like about to record and so
she's got her husband on mere patrol
holding this baby up is that good I
think so do I see this set up I got
going on we got the light behind looks
dope you look awesome you look like a
rock star really really do oh this is
awesome so this is Robert this is a guy
that's helping me record he's got his
whole setup right here don't mind the
del taco don't look at that she's up and
then it's me are you ready buddy I hate
of dad you love that time huh I need to
be so cute this case actually has a
battery attached to it I didn't know
this seems it's at like existed but
apparently um what happens is when your
battery dies
you just flip this little switch back
here and then
it starts charging your battery like a
little bit more so it's like a little
extra battery pack my phone always dies
halfway through the day and so this is
really really cool that that I can do
this so I'm really excited about it
although I'm not I don't really like the
extra inches because you wouldn't or the
extras that happened you wouldn't think
that I would matter but like it really
like changes how you like do things now
I can take more pictures of olney more
instagrams more Twitter he's like oh
geez mom always with the camera woohoo
got Olly to bed I'm so exhausted Brian's
still at the studio or where he is
um don't make his video I think I'm
gonna go to bed early actually normally
I usually like hang out with Brian while
he edits and stuff I just don't feel but
hopefully I'm over that hump and I can
start getting better now I was there for
like four hours and we're still not even
done it's fun but just being in the
studio too in like getting that
atmosphere and stuff so I'm definitely
excited to go back and finish it doodle
should finish it but anyways that's all
we have for you guys I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog Oliver you're
sleeping you should go check out the QA
I just did on my channel I'll have a
link below and we will see you guys
tomorrow bye oh wait did you click
thumbs up kiss you better okay bye
Sam no we want to see the baby teeth
let's see the baby teeth
any other oh my gosh Oh Cupid
