sunday is a boy he's gonna do amazing
things
Missy yeah tell me who is playing in the
Super Bowl right now the birdies and the
horsey the birdies in the horses and
who's winning um the birdies yes that's
true I think that the birdies are
winning but what it's cuz we gonna fly I
mean you can't you can't go against a
team that can fly horse is all they can
do is run fast but first you fly oh I'm
just waiting for the snitch to appear
that's all sweet for Peyton Manning jump
up and grab the snitch and end it all
oh the snitch yeah okay yeah we're not
really a huge football player or
football fans around here but we're also
not football players yo but we are fans
of food and family time so we I'm sorry
what oh yeah commercials we do like the
commercials Alan had a really good
commercial did you see Heidi she was
like going through the Bears and
listening to their music and none of it
was good I'm Parris laughing that's
really funny
ah that's funny I wish I was no and it
has money but yeah we're never like cute
football fans here but we watched the
Super Bowl cuz they got commercials they
got halftime with Bruno Mars which I
must say killed it I think we memorized
it good and I was like who the heck is
this other people give it away give it
away give it away yeah give it away give
it away give it away yeah my dad was all
excited cuz are they like a really old
team guys I made out of team
I know but where are they like 90s Missy
other from the 90s they're not for when
you were a kid don't know these things I
just know that Bruno Mars was really
good and he owned it I mean he should've
saying the whole thing and I bet you
half the time he's like why are these
people here without shirts on you should
be wearing a suit and tie like Mia
agrees leave it in the comments okay BAM
you're like Missy said we got food and
Jimmy playing flappy bird he's now
addicted what's your level what level
you want all right I got 22 last time me
too I can even get 11 more Missy doesn't
even play cuz it's broken it's a broken
game I guess it's it's easier if you
play it on a larger tablet though so
he's playing on this stupid what is this
alright what is this Jimmy
gam-gam song salic see something
no it's Nexus 7 Nexus 7 Jimmy and his
Google products look at that 20 dos
that's pretty dang good always with the
Google versus Apple in here
yeah we've literally been eating all day
you guys had onion dip
we made guac we got salsa and chips and
look at this boom boom boom hot wings I
actually was reading an OMG fact on my
Twitter and it said the average person
eats four hot wings and drinks four
beers during the Superbowl so we're
going to resume the hot wing part these
look pretty dang good and they're pretty
spicy so we got mac and cheese going oh
and me C made brownies what random fact
oh um the time this toilet flush the
most and the page time is
kind of simple really much like be like
the most
I don't know all the toilets start
flushing at halftime shuffle that's
buddy that's funny
read a fag Monday random fact Monday Oh
what doesn't say Missy made brownies
because it's super someone already got
into them it's Super Bowl Sunday so
we're gonna be making Super Bowl Sundays
get get it like with ice cream and
Rowdies the ED fudge and stuff all right
take this thing oh oh that is a relief
hey guy hey have you pooped today have
you pooped today no nope you know he
wants to change the pooping every two
days I'm so down with that I'm down with
that I mean sure thank you
I will take care of him Missy for two
days straight and then you can only have
one day I think it's a deal I don't know
why oh we missed the touchdown wait
who's winning there's a bird√≠s eye the
birdie still winning yeah they just got
touchdown on birdies can fly alright
guys so I told you for a while that I
was gonna be doing it and I finally did
it
I started my beer kit get some light
well that was not helpful
um so Missy got me a beer kit for
Christmas and it's now two months after
Christmas two months don't seem in a
month he's about a month and a half and
so I started it finally and I created
the wart it's called warts when it's not
beer yet but it's sitting in my mr. Brue
keg in Oliver's closet that's right Oh
probably turn that off yeah this is my
mr. beer
I got the Hefeweizen wheat thing and I'm
gonna call it Brian's brew and I'm
really really excited about this because
I'm gonna do a video on my channel
called Brian's brew and I think I'm just
gonna change my channel to Brian's brew
you know because like my channel has
been like a brew of all the things that
I love you know so it's just like a
natural progression of things
um what else was I gonna tell you oh we
got Tim Tams from Australia thank you so
much to the person in Australian
tendencies we actually love these things
and the last time we got to sent them it
was like we like four boxes of them and
we literally ate them all as a family we
didn't ollie them but you know what I
mean so Kate look Suzanne we got Tim
Tams remember these from Australia these
things are amazing
boom anyway we're gonna go now Missy
sick I'm sick he's is he starting to get
sick no actually he's doing really good
he's got a little bit of a cough though
uh yeah I guess everyone saw me this we
only hear it like when he sleeps really
he's like almost like an attention
that's what he doesn't do it any other
time but I I think if we can get out of
this sickness without him getting sick
breastfeeding is a miracle pretty much
yeah hey guy please don't get sick okay
Hey please don't get sick didn't she
went on to say he's like going ham on a
sing us I got this like little massager
things anyone rubs it all of our teeth
we see your teeth
nobody Sam no we want to see the baby
teeth let's see the baby teeth oh my
gosh he's got you big front teeth dude
yep and CJ just came over if you guys
remember CJ and he lost his two front
teeth so we think that the Tooth Fairy
gave them to Oliver yeah he took CJ's
teeth and then put that on Audie
yeah this eg was kind of nodded I he's
like - Cerie
oh my teeth that's what he was doing huh
alright you ready yeah we were I'm
supposed to go to John's house for a
Super Bowl party but we're all sick
around here so I actually felt it last
night I felt like my throat like closing
up and like
hard to swallow and then I woke up and
pretty much this girl infected me you
infected me I did with your infection
who infected you from me so if we kill
the person who infected you or the
source of it then we all get better
click vampires yeah that's how it works
babe I will say at least you got it from
me it's gross when you don't know who
God came from you're like I just got
some nasty germ from some nasty person
who I don't know I guess you got it from
me so I should actually feel honored
that Missy got me sick and not a random
stranger so thank you for getting me
sick I'm sick anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed Super Bowl Sunday let us know in
the comments who you guys were rooting
for the birdies are the horsies and if
you had another team that didn't make it
let us know whoa whoa whoa why do you
keep saying that good no one knows what
the Super Bowl is here so go what are
you ready bank umbrellas sundaes yeah
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog it a thumbs up and Missy's got a
new video on her channel she did a six
month postpartum update talked about
going to the doctor's and future babies
and all that jazz surgery and the
possibility of V backs what what what I
think it's fucking emulous whoa whoa
whoa Barney your knee on the glasses
yeah II on the glasses you guys I like
em I think they're cute can I remind me
of Zooey Deschanel got these when I was
I'm just got it right
really I thought I was like 13 and good
um what's this - this is 16 or 17 there
you go they're old all right say bye
ollie all right say bye Carla bye what
take Monday we'll see you guys later bye
click on a robe or two Jack
dirty your score is she's got matching
bit like oli well Ollie had won the
fifties totally in Hey hi hand
how old is now eight months it's about
two month older than Holly this is you
know that's what we needed to do baby we
need to get all these ears pierced
come on
