this is so cute you guys look at this
Oliver sleeping in his crib right now
and he actually pulled his little monkey
over to him it wasn't like that when he
waited there let's all just awe it you
dissin Oh
I think some of those okay this is our
son baby
boy there's a new amazing things good
morning good morning good morning to you
good morning mr. Oliver you got your
body monkey - how'd you sleep my love ha
you excited to get up huh hey guys so
today is a wonderful beautiful Saturday
morning and I'm telling you like it is
seriously wonderful outside like I
really can say the word wonderful
wonderful wonderful wonderful everything
is wonderful you don't think so but we
are actually headed to the park which I
get out of the park calm down kid
calm down why don't I am anyway so we're
going to the park with Ollie I'm really
excited because I think we're gonna like
put them on the swings and maybe take
another slide and back is up there next
to us is smoking a full-on cigar and now
we do that while Jiraiya's really yeah
yeah I'm gonna luck he's definitely
scaring it that's weird he smokes cigars
just like out in public while you're
like driving is weird I thought it's
like a private like fancy
lounge thing celebratory he's probably
celebrating you like it driving my why
on art van with no windows baby yeah
you're a song Emma Stone
make me wanna roll my windows down and
cruise
so cute so freakin more about sighs okay
I'm sorry all Rome up all right kid game
face we're at the park what are your
thoughts holy shiz you guys it is hot
out here like I actually feel like I'm
gonna overheat you maybe we should take
this hoodie off yeah let your head
breathe look at all that gorgeous blonde
hair let's cause some fun ready ready
shortest slide ever hey Sasha are you
dying right all these very first swings
holy moly come on right here got on with
the other there's a little small stuff
he's like I can't jump in this you guys
here what's it is but back a little
maybe what do you think kiddo
he's smiling oh yeah I was so cute my
kids in a sling Missy we're parents and
we're out of park swinging our kid in a
swing that's crazy
hi oh hi you're really enjoying yourself
now huh
he just has like a huge smile on his
face so cute I got you beat
I got TV I got your beats did you think
it's a good citizen
boy hey John hey hey ready
how about that
he likes the swings better yeah
definitely
alright guys this is the deluxe which is
like amazing we're gonna do mall you're
gonna go on it together actually really
comfortable that is weird
I feel like I don't have to hold on they
did not have these and I was growing up
back in the day this is really nice this
is a nice swing yeah you like that
better he liked it yeah he's a totally
chill hmm
Polly is totally loving the swing miss
he's starting to feel sick he's gonna
get off and throw up everywhere I watch
mmm hey Missy
who does this guy on this bottle of wine
look like
do you know hint you really like him dry
fella yes not funny you don't look like
a vampire that legit looks like Jerrod
voila you guys that's how yourself some
white some white wine right there but
she's like oh I think I want to try some
of Gerard Butler's and why it's the
accent she she loves the accent I speak
in a Scottish accent she's like kiss me
boom 50% off Valentine's Day so hey
Missy did you want me to buy you some
chocolates yesterday if I screwed up now
it's the right time I just that's the
way you do it for real look at me see
they got these strawberry cream parts
Day on February 15th it's all 50% up oh
oh we're here forever ever ever ever
ever ever ever bruh bruh Missy these are
only 199 putting some fruits and
vegetables for a little Oliver hey
that's good look in sweet potato but
we're getting some fruits and vegetables
which is convenient because they are
hiding the chocolate right right there
can we just take a minute and look at
Oliver real fast he's stretching
he's like legit yoga stretching yoga
obviously with his toys he's actually
starting to realize which boxes have all
his toys and he goes to them uh and he
goes to them to almost like get them out
and it's pretty cute it just is really
cool to seeing him um like learning like
where things are and like just starting
to like recognize things a little bit
more but he's just playing with those
toys I didn't know this new thing where
I just kind of let him choose his toys
and it's really fun cuz he kind of goes
in there and he like and you like plays
with them all so it's kind of cute you
just kind of cute dude he's just so
adorable you're adorable too
I'm gonna post it in C I'm really funny
you're gonna come here come here
nice Instagram you all the time cuz you
are my only baby boy oh jeez you full-on
kiss me just now like a real kiss ha
alright guys so I am chatting with my
boy Jared is it Meachem Beckham meat um
yeah meat gum this is Jared and his wife
is Ellie they just had a little boy
Jackson definitely check out their
channel I'll have a link below in the
description
we're just kind of like meeting for the
first time for the first time like
almost face to face almost face to face
and we're talking about how ridiculous
it is to fly a helicopter and Grand
Theft Auto it's it's stupid it's stupid
right you can't do it you can't no you
can't all right so here this is the
first time we're meeting Oliver and we
got Oliver and Missy
and there's Ellie and Jackson Jackson
come on kid we're good people come on
hey buddy
oh look at these bins facetiming that's
the cutest thing ever
oh my god I've got it David please stop
he loves it those are you little buddy
Riley the dungeon all over the place so
see how you're doing a video and I look
over and like oh no it's books are
messed up what the heck and I see
there's a really old Buccaneer and
Shakespeare totally looks like my dad's
book five gate great tragedies obviously
your dad wants you to start reading
Schafer's you okay this it doesn't fit
in with the books dad these are all cute
peaceful colorful and fluffy yeah and
they're cute and this is a very old
rickety rackety book okay karma that
frisbee looks nappy what the heck you
guys see this ready ah good job way oh
look go let go let go let go Karla ah
fine I'm not gonna throw it then we are
all dressed down we got our sweats on
and we want to get comfortable cuz we're
going over to a friend's house for
dinner and video games tonight actually
should be fun gonna play with some
LittleBigPlanet with Johnny Cristina let
go karma karma I went through it for you
thank you whoa Oh wrong way kid we're
playing a little big planet and it's
really hard before people cuz it's so
sporadic this little guys tired he's
like it's time for my bedtime songs just
lay here he like gave up Isaac okay I
just lay here baby ollie to sleep and we
are pooped because you woke up a long
time ago yeah you guys see mrs. burritos
look at her Fritos look at her pretty
toes they're not gross okay so you just
got back from our friends house we're so
exhausted so we're gonna go to bed but I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog if
you did give it a thumbs up if you
didn't enjoy the vlog just give it a
thumbs up anyway I mean watch this far
you might as well give it a thumbs up am
i right comer's like yeah keep the
vlogging thumbs up guys don't be good
you guys didn't know you can click the
button at the end of the video to see
what we're doing one year ago I'll also
have that linked below in the
description thank you for watching
we'll see you tomorrow barn I'm saying
like far away from each other so they're
getting some dinner and we just left her
movie what'd you think of the movie yeah
it was good all right oh yeah because it
is a book also we just learned that
