good morning guys so Missy and I are
locked down both of our phones have yet
to be touched and actually last night we
put in our own pass codes for each other
so I wanted to get my phone I even
couldn't he doesn't know the password to
his phone I don't know the password to
my phone that funny more tempting to try
and unlock
big guys secretive um very nice of you
this is our son baby boy do amazing
things
computers off laptop is off untouched
and we've been out the internet since
midnight for a little bit of a hint none
of us are on the computer today we have
everything scheduled oh yeah
so obviously Missy still has like a
video that has to go up she has her
casual Friday we have the daily vlog so
we scheduled her video to go up and
which automatically tweets it which
automatically sends to her Facebook and
then uh the toilets gonna be really
boring bathrooms really boring you have
no idea when you go to the bathroom and
you don't have a phone it's the worst
unplugged for 24 hours for Valentine's
Day because guess what love is better
than the internet so we actually are
getting ready to go to swim lessons and
always just waking up from his nap which
thank you he got a nice little nap and
before his uh swim classes we always go
when he's so tired oh you're up for your
nap my goodness happy Valentine's Day my
little long are you gonna be Cupid today
did you have a nice nap you ready for
swim team swim lessons get me in here
okay we got over here.i she's so happy
take up swimming again
oh you're a twit one two three all right
babe watch it you guys
he's getting hired at this point they're
really teaching him to when he goes in
the water go straight to his back
because if you were to fall in a pool or
someplace that's where he's safe it's
because he can breathe and can call for
help and stuff so this repetition really
helps it's important for when you're in
California because we have lots of pools
and if we go to our friends house and
they have a pool and something happens
then we know he knows to go straight to
his back so Oliver did really good I
swim lesson but he was definitely tired
like halfway through uh-huh he was so
like happy the beginning and like so it
oh my gosh is so fun I'll sign here
she's like oh good
he's like oh I'd like to leave now it
really you never know No
yeah it really tires him out though this
is the opinion of Justin Bieber at the
moment bye love you are you taking karma
to get his nails done no why do you lean
forward like that I can't see down your
shirt I am off to the nail salon and I
guess Brian is just being way too nice I
he told me I could go get my nails done
which I'm really excited so I haven't
been I haven't done my nails and forever
so I'm really looking forward to it just
to like relax and stuff but we still
haven't used any technology and I feel
bad for Brian because he's got to sit at
home by himself and figure out what he's
gonna do hopefully he plays with karma
or something all right guys we got
Oliver to sleep he was so tired after
his swim lesson and cranky so hopefully
he'll sleep good and then so what time
is that
I don't know cuz I'll have my phone
Missy and I still have not used empty
any of our phones or internet or
anything for 13 hours now and she
actually just sent her off to go get her
nails done because it's something that
she likes to do and she rarely ever does
but she's like what are you gonna do and
I was like crap what am I gonna do she's
like well you can fold laundry you could
clean up all of us toys and you can take
out the trash oh thanks babe
I don't mind
karma you want to help me we're humpin
full clothes you can't help me fold
clothes because you don't have thumbs
you think yeah that's a very sensitive
subject you know good boy you're gonna
judge it instead economy don't complete
is chores but I'm also kind of nervous
cuz okay sometimes when you go get your
nails done there is ladies there who
don't always speak English and so in
order to avoid awkward conversation you
normally would look at your phone and
you know just try and avoid eye contact
while these that's what I do just we
don't have to like talk and then I'm not
able to understand them and then it's
just weird and then they start talking
about me because I probably doesn't be
really stupid and I can't understand
them anyways how I'm gonna have to just
like maybe have conversation or I guess
I could just look at one of those really
old magazines or like two years old kind
of thing look who's awake
hey Ollie pop you have a nice nap we're
just waiting for mommy to get back from
the Nielsen town you're so good or he's
so good around Ollie and we're so
thankful that he is like such a nice
doggie
you wanna pet karma sitcom you wanna pet
him there you go give him pain Caillou
loves karma to who he's petting you oh
now you're petting me
oh now you're to know my leg okay that's
cool
oh yeah check out my sexy Valentine date
you guys look at this hottie with a body
what I love when my wife wears dresses
you guys I think I think it's hot to be
honest thank you they don't like hate
wearing dresses you know how's that
gonna play some music
um I decided I was gonna dress up
tonight too because I want to look good
for Missy so I got that cool shirt and I
got my you know varsity sweater on I
look like I'm headed to play polo like
we're gonna go dancing at the 50s diner
yeah we're kind of matching it just
happens like that I don't know how Heidi
Fleiss you are Ali's first Valentine
he's gonna hang out with you yeah yeah
my toast those we're here nails done and
I got my eyebrows done so I was pretty
much pampered although I don't know if
you can call your eyebrows being
pampered that is like torture I was
about to be like in tears and I was
gonna vlog on the way home but I looked
like a very ridiculous looking clown
like my entire eyebrows up here were
swollen it was so bad like she pretty
much I'm just really I'm really
sensitive skin
when she ripped my skin off I almost
cried is that worse than getting them
threaded no it's not worse than threaded
because threaded takes a lot longer and
it's like a ton of plucking what were we
ever going to see it winters to Winter's
Tale we were gonna do love everlasting
love I must love why do I keep saying
love everlasting you know what's cuz
your shirt says endless love lasting
yeah I don't know anyway it's so funny
cuz every time we go to the movie even
though it's hot out here
we cease bringing this big old fluffy
blanket yeah so I'm actually roar you're
warm I'm I'm warm and she's feels good
I'm gonna be freezing and I'm gonna feel
perfect three hours day two hey babe
when are your friends showing up uh-huh
they'll be here later yeah we have this
cute what it does I know right okay it's
just the two of us and they gave us a
few long
so we're expecting some friends to show
up and we sit right next yeah yeah I'm
saying thanks they're sitting in the
same booth like far away from each other
so they're getting some dinner and we
just left that movie what do you think
of the movie thank you
it was good all right buddy oh yeah cuz
it is a book also we just learned that
I don't think I'll tell you spell your
from you were you hiding happy mama
hey come on make it come on
God hi Damon smile would you a pinkie in
CI it's now cuz I'm tired
hey my mom all right guys we got oli
asleep and we are pretty much exhausted
are you exhausted happy Valentine's Day
we hope you guys had a good Valentine's
Day click thumbs up if you did we still
have not used our phones huh yeah no
Facebook no Twitter
we have tumblr no Instagram no YouTube
pretty crazy - it wasn't as hard as we
thought in any way it actually just
forced us to talk to each other more and
like when we were looking at like all
the other couples who are out on
Valentine's Day they were like all just
staring at their phones what I'm like
look at you got your other you have your
building right in front of you why are
you looking at them you know what I mean
yeah that was frustrating looking at
other people using that phones on night
everyone does it
yeah yeah looks crazy can I check your
phone let's see you are going on how
long do you think you can go without
using your phone let me know in the
comments and I encourage you guys to try
and do do the unplug just unplug for 24
hours to feel like it's nice to take a
break every now and then from it all
because we're completely consumed by
technology I was going to tell you guys
about how when me and Brian first
started dating he used to work at
Albertsons and he would always work like
really late and we'd never get to hang
out we would always text and be all
bummed out but every single night before
he went home he would come to my house
even if I was grounded and he'd give me
one rose you remember that yeah he
always buy me rose and bring it I had a
canopy at a time above my bed and I
would have like piles of roses above my
bed because he gave me roses all the
time you so romantic don't rub me a tag
Valentine's throwback for you guys
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog remember you can click the 1-year
button at the end of the video to see
what we were doing last Valentine's Day
I think I had like a big surprise for
you
basically oh you actually had a big
surprise for me it was really cool so go
check that out
take my surprises sorry I don't have
many of them we will see you guys
tomorrow
Oh Oh
we're trying on clothes right now and
always getting major tickle attack thank
you
okay like this you guys it's not a
v-neck but I figure it's a little less
casual than a v-neck cuz it's like long
sleeves and it's right it's kind of like
yeah
