karma you know I stopped karma don't do
this don't do this karma I only have one
sock on and I need that one I'm gonna
get to do really
Oh and the human wins again
baby Ollie like raspberry oh you have to
get really scared in a second huh some
frisbees huh duck you wanted this is our
son baby
boy they're gonna do amazing things
good morning guys we are getting ready
for the day Ollie is taken his first nap
but we actually have to go in like 30
minutes
so hopefully he wakes up before that I'm
also changing the sensi I guess it's not
really a sense eat what is it like a
sensi knockoff
yeah they work just as good yeah then I
actually think they work better like the
smell I think lasts longer the Walmart
brand then the sensi one okay this is my
favorite part
ready guys by the way that's that's not
let's just like cleaner stuff okay ah I
don't know why but I just um it's just
it uses me maybe I'm not school support
down the toilet whatever now that I've
got that grin off I got to pick a scent
I've got all these different sins and I
always go for just vanilla bean it's
like the simple smell I don't want to
walk in my room type what is that in my
nose warm hazelnut I haven't even used
any of those sliced apple wreath so I
used one I wonder if I liked it very
happily Lay's cranberry pumpkin I do
like pumpkin but mostly in fall time I'm
gonna go with vanilla bean no I
definitely don't like the Heysen I'm
four-day come on
no I missed Melbourne it's just so drunk
I maybe they should mix a little vanilla
bean in there fine you could do one in
one okay compromise compromise is fine
making a vanilla will will tone down the
hazelnut that guys that's that's
compromised yes I got to do that
sometimes in America Brian he's up and
just in time because we gotta go right
this minute
good morning morning morning my little
look what is that coming out of your
mouth yo let's get up and get ready and
go have fun today kay messy car anyone
anyone no just me
find that after you have a kid things
just sort of start fluttering like what
is this just plastic today we're getting
a Prius worked on so I want to go in
there and look
total packrat you know parents can I get
an amen about the messy car thing look
at this cool new van we get to ride in
there's cool buddy got so much more room
for activities beyond back yet looking
stewards back there now I know why
people would buy these things Big E says
being good is boring is that appropriate
Missy they've given him an attitude
look at this witchcraft you guys this is
how you know burrito is good it just
stands up on its own
not amazing it's pretty much my hangry
meds I'm hangry you know what that means
hungry I'm hungry I'm angry because I'm
hungry this he's eating a sick she got a
boring old turkey sandwich you know
we're a free bird right you can get like
the most amazing burrito ever yeah this
is that getting the oil changed and we
actually there was a recall notice today
on the day we bring in our Prius not
funny so they have to fix something just
with the computer um so it's gonna be a
couple hours so they dropped us off at
Freebirds
bye bye babies right around the corner
so we'll probably go shopping for this
located a little good I said good good
good guy dude dude I should be a new
word you guys Oliver what are you doing
up there on that pole when are you doing
up I are on that Paul he's like legit
dancing you see him yeah
yeah baby stripper coming at - whoa he
knows how to drop it low shake that
booty shake that booty shake that booty
booty booty booty booty what do you guys
think
yay or nay leave it in the comments this
one actually is cool cuz it gets is
they've tightened it's adjustable
yeah it's hard finding some that fit him
hey hey kiddo
we're shopping at byebye baby
finding him a Valentine's Day outfit
somebody can do a video for her channel
and she really wants him to wear a hat
these homes are cool but this like the
smallest when they have but it doesn't
fit him this won't work big blow at big
haul buddy ah peekaboo ollie
Hey oh you fell over a bit hey Adi Hey
hi
look at him pull himself up come here oh
my gosh what do you think it is monkey
do you think it's too green I like green
I like the monkey and I like the
alligator and the turtle and some
buddies
I don't know it just seems too green to
me I really like the color of this crab
yeah I like this
cool okay our little kid sleeping in big
beds like this
is this a twin no yeah it's kind of beg
alright like I like this one oh hey
we're doing it out walk to Daddy come on
you can do it come on don't be lazy it's
like laughing you got this kid bagent
when he really learns how to walk he's
gonna think it's awesome
he's just like let's go me I can do this
mom so we just left
bye my baby and a cool thing we bought
that Kiko next fit his new car seat when
we did we actually left a 20% off coupon
at home and they were like just come
back whenever you want and we'll apply
it to the receipt yeah we're gonna do
that but it's like 60 bucks
okay 20% of the purchase with 60 bucks
and so we're walking out the store and
there is like just now we were walking
out the store and there's a 20% off
coupon sitting on the ground and I pick
it up and I'm like oh my gosh it's not
expired so I dig literacy out of my
wallet and I take it out there and we
just made 65 not awesome I just I just
think that so cool oh you got a busy one
more what about guy well poor guy job go
grab a burger
are you kidding me first time I played
this like three times the ps4 Missy
can I have one we buy me one we can play
this on kissing no this is a really
popular game it's called knack work I
want your own and your look at all this
armor breaking off my wife's a gamer I
know you gave her videos they'll be here
when I snuff the wick you'd better close
your eyelids put so you can dream my
love my love so you can dream my love he
wants to read this one okay no he just
hate bucks we got the other two books in
this series cuz Missy really loves and
I'm not with them and he wants that one
no he does on the night you were born we
are home now and I am brewing some iced
tea
this sounds good it's just now starting
to get hot again here in Southern
California it was a hot day at poops
crap always do this Tori this is called
a raspberry I'm excited let's see how
you liked it I thought it was like an
actual like sweet treat thing yeah so
it's actually just a binky but that also
has what it's either it's got a fangirl
that's pretty yeah I'm so good at hard
look at either
it's really cool it's like the whole
thing is like silicone yeah Oh like
that's not food ooh so you can chew on
it like a binky you can chew on it was
the wrong engine yeah that's not how you
do it hey I thought though I do it no
one understands me all he's enjoying
some outside it's like it's seriously
beautiful what is the temperature 80 so
we're enjoying he is loving watching
karma play frisbee
oh okay yeah what do you think of that
the chyme is so cool he's the coolest
dog pee on yourself yep
No hashtag dad life is lacking we are
doing dinner and I want to share this
because this is kind of like a pretty
cool dinner idea it's kind of like our
go-to because it's super easy but what
you do is we pick up one of these
rotisserie chickens from the grocery
store and then we get tortillas got
avocado lemon cilantro and then we just
make a box of this rice-a-roni Mexican
style rice it's boiling I'm supposed to
do something and then we just eat like
tacos and it's like super easy and stuff
so I was well I'm doing I'm in charge of
rice so hopefully I don't mess it up so
I'm getting all you ready for his dad II
am actually gonna jump in with him no
sometimes I feel like he can like really
play if I'm like in there with him and
he can like float on his back who do
bubbles and all that paper dead oh yeah
he's a little grouchy tonight I don't
think he's tired he possibly might be
teething again coming to go ahead and
the vlog hey go watch my cover video I
put it up yes yeah and pretty awesome
okay you guys I really need you to do me
a solid I need you go watch it and you
go like it and I need to go share with
your friends cuz I put so much work into
that I'm so excited it's finally here
and it's tomorrow's Valentine's Day so
share it with the one you love today and
tomorrow okay yeah go check it out the
listen it's really cool and it's really
it's really well done Brian did an
awesome job
um and don't forget to thumbs up this
video and subscribe to our Channel this
is your first time we're crazy you
should subscribe to us oh yeah I'm crazy
like this guy I can't believe you're
gonna catch on account I was amazing
Oh
oh my god that sounded terrible
I don't know you might have thought in
angle but anyways hey guys my guy never
go to bed and grouchy i'ma go to bed
hey I'm gonna go check out my husband so
we'll see you guys mouth
hey this is how we get Oliver all riled
up in the morning hey did it guys I
gotta gotta get covers like I wanted to
do it
