it's my new camera
do it No Deal No Deal I swear to you
okay I'm gonna get sick okay are you
though yeah do it actually way nicer
because probably can play in this a
little bit better
ready
little goofy that means it's a boy
there is a lot of names on baby comes
I'm telling careful when I'm happy I'm
having a
I have up
little place are you saying right here
no this isn't doing something for you ha
ha ha
I'm really proud of ourselves actually
that we've been able to really document
this whole year of our life and like
it's honestly one of the greatest years
of our life because our son was born so
they have a name his name's Oliver Oh
empty so perfect is off son baby boy
you have to share that with the world
and like bring so many people hope who
needed it you don't I mean I think
that's so important for us what we do is
logs
I can't we've been doing it for a year
now like one year straight you fought
every single day always the thing I say
is go out there and make memories little
you're going to remember you know I'm
not going to remember sitting on the
couch and watching 12 seasons of Netflix
because we daily walk we have chosen to
live our life to its fullest and it's
awesome oh you loves you already Kelsey
oh this is the last day of year one and
look at all these peeps you shut up look
at all
