okay there was like legit like a
bluebird like a legit blew up be be be
be be be okay okay okay okay I'm not
even kidding a bead has punched me in
the face you guys
big guys think for the bomb they're very
nice of you
this is our sign baby
boy gonna do amazing things
good morning wait you're not Oliver
you're Oliver but how you like in San
Francisco so far are you just like
rolling over on this bed I go meet some
peeps yeah he said I was EQ good morning
you guys did you know we're in San
Francisco look at this right here
it's amazing right if you guys don't
know what we're talking about
go watch yesterday's vlog everywhere you
look everywhere ha ha
here's a sunburn uh how's that song go
Corbin everywhere is a what a heart
there's hearts everywhere look
everywhere there's a place we lost out
there we're all alone night is waiting
to carry you oh good morning oh good
morning Nikki baby Nikki baby put some
clothes on kid what are you a hippie did
a pretty epic game of drinking Ginga
last night if you guys want to check
that out you guys gotta check out the
steps to wander channel because they put
some of it on their vlog their daily
vloggers so go subscribe to them cuz
it's kind of go subscribe to them
this guy this guy you want this face you
want to look at this face every day
these windows are so cool like they let
in so much light I think this is like a
house built for vloggers look how cute
this is ours he is getting a little Sun
time he's really enjoying actually look
how cute he is - ok so I put him in like
the cutest outfit ever today I'm kind of
going with like a country theme I guess
uh-huh it's got his you know his shirt
that says young buck and then cuz he's
super warm
you look like wool pants yeah there was
wool but they're just kind of like
they're really soft and then those boots
that actually they'll be cut though
they're already
they say I'm better than shoes I think
because they come up almost like up his
calf and then the pants are going over
them so maybe it'll keep them on longer
well see though it's an experiment he's
ready to meet some bumpers aren't you
ready to meet bum
first yeah all right it's didi friends
 day MSE what happened I was trying
so hard I'm Ina caramel angry okay there
was like legit like a bluebird like a
legit blew it up
bee bee bee bee bee bee okay okay okay
okay
I'm not even kidding a bee just punched
me in the face you guys don't go out
there don't go out there
it ran into my nose yeah there that
works I mean I don't know what the
problem is yeah Corbin's flying his
drone Missy's vlogging it for him
we're all wearing our hey sugar day
welcome uh yeah so I actually ended up
changing because I wanted to be in the
club um but I didn't we have a romper
but it's six months remember I think we
put it on my yeah we like oh that's too
big for him I'll just put it away and so
I didn't bring it with me we are
crossing the bridge which means we're
almost there
headed to the meetup right now and I
gotta say I'm very carsick
this guy drives great a driver look at
him he's instagramming while driving
come on bro let me guess an accident
Ali's getting a little napping
yeah he's very tired he'll be
Bay Area bumpers looking at you guys oh
my gosh DB friends like one year oh my
gosh oh my gosh you guys so fun okay I
can't believe you can see anyway
did anyone show up is that one person
all right ollie pop is nice and secure
hey kiddo we got Paris got our hay
shirts and we're headed I think there's
a group of you guys running up here so
we're gonna go somewhere anyone oh my
gosh you guys look at all these peeps
shut up you guys don't know I quit
pretending oh my gosh so where'd you
come from what's your name I'm Cassidy
Cassidy high five you came all the way
from Denver that's so cool okay where
are you guys from where's that so cool
thank you guys for coming up where are
you guys coming from you're from San
Francisco the Bay Area whoo and how
about you guys
Fairfield whoo and you guys Loomis is
that here oh dang you really gave me no
you didn't shut up
look at these big looking screams I'm
look this headgear they got pink ass too
what do you guys got a lion tiger I'm
digging this camera setup - are you
vlogging got where you guys from
whoo Chico Chico Santa Rosa hi I love
your shirt rockin the V yeah Justin
Bieber was just
oh yeah was he causing a lot of trouble
probably causing a lot of CHO yes you
can have a hug come here hi
oh my gosh so cool hi what's your name
and where you from
boom you're from here your city is
amazing we have so like yesterday was
our first day we seriously had a blast
already like it's crazy I love it here
yes of course
you know oh Missy's gonna die
Missy there's puppies over here for
adoption actually oh alright you guys we
hijacked Missy's camera this is their
Meetup and there's so many people here
right now there are so let me block this
right now there are so many people
lining up to take pictures with them it
is so awesome they're right by the
Golden Gate Bridge look at this people
came from as far as Texas this is crazy
walk pretty cool crazy girl I mean nine
months you know we are beautiful my gosh
thank you so much for coming as crazy
okay all right you guys so this is the
last day of year 1 and look at all these
peeps you shut up look at all these big
oh my gosh I'm soaked I cannot believe
we're spending the last day of year one
of our daily vlogs in this beautiful
city with all these beautiful people
good hey hey kiddo hey she was saying
she like knows the sound of our voices
cuz he's watched every single day that's
so crazy hey buddy hey I think all he
has that pacifier to a guy man this
little girl just ran into mrs. arms
what's your name chica hey hailey ah
thank you for being here hi oh hey kiddo
hey you look at you we have a lot of big
we have a lot of big fans we have a
little little fans look at this hey I
love his shirt too in the SL ya even
wanna Johnny's gone excuse me that's
alright hey it's okay hanging hang in
there buddy oh yeah he's good he's just
gruntal the tape I'm stuck high five
oh hi baby ollie yeah Oh
you mean he wants to give you AG haha
carefully grabs hair easily and then
starts eating your shirt and then you
got a little brother huh seems like the
same age ah oh oh there you guys hey who
brought did you bring these cupcakes
what's your name
Paul you rock high-five look at so tell
me about this thing so new caramel
chocolate chocolate cookies and cream
and vanilla and vanilla oh my God look
at that you guys there's chocolate and
they have the DB on them that's so dull
this is Olivia you guys she drove an
hour and a half here to see ollie and
look at Oliver Olivia I mean you guys
are destined to be friends right right
here you know thank you for being here
you rock thanks for coming out you guys
whoo all right this is dream chasers
from YouTube channel check him out
awesome
actually check a second video we're
gonna be vlogging us who's this ollie
look at all he loves meeting babies he's
like a hugger oh alright so we just left
the meetup that was insane I can't
believe how many of you guys came out
there was like you see like fit over 50
people hurt that was awesome so cool you
guys oh my gosh these are all so nice
and so happy that we got to like meet
you guys and take pictures I know people
were driving like three hours to come
see us I'm so you guys amazing thank you
so much for that that was just so much
fun I'm so happy that we decided to do
that
another skin you tired I don't know he
might be a little energized now you got
to meet a lot of little bumper babies
too so we are just chilling outside on
the deck and Ollie is takin a nap he was
exhausted he like literally has just
passed out as soon as he got home but I
thought I'd tell you yesterday me and
Kelsey are doing yoga and then I came
out of the room and I was like I felt
really good I feel like I could do a
cartwheel
and then I did and then this happened
you guys it's really bad yeah
it's pretty painful like I don't even
think you can really tell in the camera
but it's like it's red right there and
then literally black and blue yeah and
my leg like literally hit the chair was
it hurt yeah well he is still napping I
think it's been over an hour he was
really really tired Missy and Kelsey are
out on the back porch and they're
filming a video for her channel I just
finished the year 1 montage you guys I
want to put clips of the meetup in it
and it turned out so good and I'm so
excited so that will be up on our
channel I think tonight oh he has been
sleeping for like two hours let's go
wake him up Uzi
why is my little munchkin doing are you
all rested are you all read did you feel
really good yeah I feel really good mom
it feel really good he had such a big
day he met all kinds of people and he's
just been going like crazy and I think
this nap was really good
oh hi cutie patootie hmm the sign is
setting on another beautiful day here in
San Francisco you guys I love our view
don't you love our view this is our last
day of year one of daily vlogging and we
get to spend it here a beautiful kid
this beautiful girl and that beautiful
spit up stain on your pants it happens
hashtag parent loud quit eating your
mother's hair quit it just quit it it's
not healthy
Ollie these are your new parents their
daily vloggers just like us so you now
still stick cameras in your face Peter
loves Gordon
all right you're about two inches away
from yep it has an ostrich all right
Oliver I'm sure aunty Kelsey what you're
wearing whatever let's put on your head
II hey that's not how we put it on is it
your chilly
I didn't have a hoodie that cool I'm not
really doing election our side of that
no we're visiting one of my best friends
from college and we're on his roof and
it's like a view of the entire city
that's so cool all our work in that
building
kid why is going on yeah he's like it's
easy
auntie Kelsey is watching little Ollie
pop we're just out grabbing some dinner
look at this Norway alfredo miss you got
so good
oh then seriously I couldn't even log it
fast enough she's eight it was amazing I
think definitely one of the best no no
brother please called squating gobble on
Haight and Ashbury look at this yeah hi
oh hi Paris okay just chill it in the
stroller so funny I was pushing him
around the streets up
I just walked into the bathroom yeah so
that's something you don't see every day
okay there Corgan has to jump like a
bunny yeah that's a bubble machine at
the energy oh okay sorry so tired you
guys literally was just sitting here he
rolled over and just fell asleep
oh he's like nicely I didn't kind of
bath give me a bath lady he's so tired
you go to bed
alright guys Missy's getting all over to
sleep but I want to let you guys know
that we are gonna have the year 1
montage video up at 5 o'clock today so 7
hours after this vlog goes live you'll
see the year when montage and then
tomorrow starts day one of year two well
maybe I have to ask Missy if we're still
gonna keep doing your - should we do
here - no no what do you guys think
should we start here - I don't know I
guess we'll see I hope you guys enjoy
today's vlog um thank you to everyone
who came to our meetup we had a blast
meeting you guys it was just really a
really really cool time hit that thumbs
up button and we will see you guys
tomorrow bye dick so sick first place
we're going you guys getting some fish
and here we go you guys fishing
trips macro action right here first meal
in San Francisco he's got a burger
