good boy there's gonna do amazing things
good morning golly pop you ready are you
ready for the trip are your bags packed
we can't do everything for you anymore
okay you gotta start to plan them for
yourself yeah you see a big bridge you
need some yummy food when you're not
gonna you food you'll just your thing
breast milk the whole time good okay mmm
good morning good morning everyone and
so we are officially off to the airport
always been really good actually he's in
his bottle that I got for like just in
case it is sucked I wanted it to be like
a little extra milk for him for later
and
he's been sleeping for most of the ride
we do it's cool cat
that's daddy huh huh
oh yeah II do
hey-oh
he's just learning how to wear
sunglasses here in the airport nursery
right now and this little guard this
glory think the worst possible thing
that could happen while you're going on
everybody this is my goal the diaper
sploded
didn't it didn't it we're gonna salvage
what we can with the outfit did it get
on you yeah hello Bette Oh poop poop
poop if you want to imagine what it's
like being a parent just imagine that
thin film of fecal matter all over
everything you guys
baby's first plane ride hopefully he
doesn't remember it and he just sleeps
the entire time right yeah
look at this guy loading up our luggage
he's like oh oh it's broke
honey glass bottles in there oh that's a
nice one it's like hardshell we should
get those baby shin like all the two
bags Oh we'll just leave them that's
fine nope okay I just want to throw them
much good oh yeah that's good joke good
joke bro yeah let me just throw this bag
here boom yeah man I'm actually try to
break everything in these things boom
yeah I broke it we got this thing called
gear planes because we're very afraid of
your grace I swear my teeth and ears are
like bleeding whenever I go up there
please don't do that so what you do is
you stick these little blue things in
your ears and then it helps open them up
when you travel how'd it work I just got
off from Walmart and I'm like these
things work I did not travel without it
I really want to see them I hear ears
it's like the movie her Missy what the
things sticking out of his ear uh-huh
it's not weird at all can you hear me
win this big metal bird what are we
doing waiting why don't you go back to
sleep go back to sleep the guys I have
these things makers and I'm pushing it
and spout your hands are you talking to
me so at this point there should not
 like
good timing baby hey yeah
and we're off
there's no here we come
there
yes what we're 30,000 Pierre
crazy thank you John burgers happy are
pretty sure Bollywood gosh really
thirsty
enough
and they've got my mom
she don't want to play with the cool tip
oh yeah the cool hippo
go on
funny at least you're not screaming and
I'll carry okay but it's amazing the
painting you guys enjoy
models and documented
we're off the plane and we're in San
Francisco and years or anything am I
talking about I don't know his your
plane didn't work but they work for me I
I really had no pain no like nothing is
wrong awesome about friends kind of I'm
very happy for you um anyways we're in
San Francisco and I can't wait to see
girls in Corbin so we are in San
Francisco and we are in our uber headed
over to where we're going to be staying
and right now we're headed over the
Golden Gate Bridge well we're headed
there I just saw I should be coming up
but it's so crazy like you see the
movies all the time you know seeing it
in real life is insane he's sleeping
again right on hey I actually woke up
right before the fight and then he was
basically a way to hold my sweet really
real
really tired
okay the first thing the first thing
Corbin asked Missy is do you have poop
on it yes she does don't like oh my gosh
you guys this smell this is our view
this is where we're staying right here
this smell is amazing
Karthik that's her thank you
all you loves you already Kelsey crying
don't cry you're gonna make everyone cry
Kelsey just a little guy so if you guys
don't know this is this is Kelsey and
Corbin you guys know them right hey guys
hey they have a channel we'll link it
below but um we went to high school with
these goons crazy and now they're I know
now they're in love and they're getting
married and probably gonna have one of
these right away I don't know if it's
really in your control bro look at this
you guys they traded me she's got the
dog she's got the baby
check out this Bay you guys this is our
view sick so sick first place we're
going you guys getting some fish and
 here we go you guys fishing trips
macro action right here first meal in
San Francisco he's got a burger it's all
our you see okay and once your burger
right
that's the bay right there oh you're not
crazy all right you guys
so this is our balcony for you look at
this I am just like in so much like I'm
just so amazed you know so you guys want
a room you guys want a house tour this
is so we're using our Airbnb to stuff so
this is the place we're staying the
kelsey in Corbin totally scope this out
so good find you guys all Kelsey so uh
this via this room goes into a kitchen
forget this massive TV look at this
thing you guys sinks huge and then
really nice table they set it all up all
nice for us even so we got living room
area fireplace that's the front door and
then Kelsey Corbin's room
alleys sleeping taking a nap it's been a
busy day already so he was pretty tired
Holly just woke up and he's very
confused hi guys I'm coming boy hey hey
kiddo what's up my love boggling
it is so busy here you guys we are
driving into Fisherman's Wharf right now
trying to find a perfect spot
it's so nice there's so many good shot
spot spot spot spot woohoo it feels so
good out here
huh are you gonna wear him should I wait
he's sleeping so I don't know if I
should put a minute hey wake up this is
pretty awesome you guys it's a horse
feed out of wine port
that cool I like this guy's
that's so cool babe biscuit chilling I
love it there's live music everywhere
you guys yeah it's Friday it's all good
that's my wife ladies and gentlemen
we're up here 39 right now and I just
feel like this way too much going on
like spent hours here like sourdough
wipeouts do this you guys
Bubba Gump shrimp that's so cool so I
wasn't that hungry so I just ordered
some toast but apparently toast is like
six pieces of toast that's actually
three pieces of bread with a lot of food
it was like ooh bucks like I'll just
take a little yeah oh yeah how do you
say it look at that well I like the
morning on this I know
hi we love places that have high chairs
now okay so it's really dark so you
can't see but there are seals everywhere
right here you can hear them
like there's tea set
which is like her like my favorite under
tweed never venture together inside you
guys want to see a little piece of
history
boom 2007 this thing is a dinosaur but
it's it's a Mac and it gets the job done
huh look external card reader yeah it's
like a VCR for real I thought I was like
oh yeah he had its videos on it every
day
Jamie dogs Final Cut Pro 10 even yeah
that's baller right there at Rick's OS
Mavericks it's even running Mavericks
yeah that's also yeah it's parole I have
this thing this is old technology - no
CDs called us what I see dries disc
drive pretty awesome my third day that I
had this laptop I was graduating school
this is my graduation present I put it
on top of my truck because I had the
senior class PowerPoint on this so we
are all our pick preservation powder the
way that I've been working on and we had
like recorded voice my truck to get in
my car got in my car I was in a rush
late for graduation drove off heard
something hit in the bed of my truck I
was on a highway going like 65 and I go
oh crap slam the brakes pull over
slamming on the brakes and the good I'm
sure if there's a computer in the bed
that happened and then it slammed into
my cabin and I was like oh crap and then
I got and it was but it's still trucking
looking guys it's yeah so are max worth
it yeah they are
that is so cool when I tell you guys I
told you I was gonna bring the the ducky
but it worked out great because this tub
is really like I don't it's not that
it's small but it's really slippery and
it probably wouldn't have been great for
him so luckily he gets to take his back
and relax
because he's been going going going all
day me cuz you get it bad yeah you play
bad fit no but I love it
since high school and like I have a baby
now and she's getting married it's
really crazy I feel like we still
playing pretend but I know it for real
like there he is
me and Bryan from high school made a
baby
Kelsey and Missy are giving Ollie a bath
and I think we're getting ready to hit
the hay but you want to say that if you
guys are not following Kelsey and
Corben's vlogs then you should follow
our travels steps wohlander that's water
I'll have that link below in description
they are actually you guys just started
daily vlogging I'm gonna keep that up
did we just started I think we're gonna
do it I think it's gonna be Ron day what
13 day 13 I'm editing day 13 boom and if
you guys go watch their vlog from today
like they obviously hung out with us but
they shot a lot of different things and
there's actually a really cool thing
about the Pearl so you guys should go
check that out it was actually like
really cool this guy got like a ton of
points basically made me look like a
fool brownie points thanks for that but
anyway uh go watch the video goes up to
the channel I'll have a link below in
the description I think we're just going
to probably put on a movie and we got an
early day tomorrow and tomorrow is the
Meetup and I'm stoked to meet a bunch of
you guys it's our last day of your one
of logging so I'm gonna have a really
cool year one montage after the meetup I
want to put some footage in there you're
done watching this click thumbs up first
leave it a cool comment below and then
put on your daily bumps March and go out
there go make some memories and see if
you can bump into a couple of you
viewers because that'd be awesome if you
do take pictures and tweet into me cuz I
want to see you guys being friends and
being happy and stuff you know what I'm
saying
alright thank you guys for watching
we'll see you tomorrow bye nope it's
just gotta go you gotta go back in the
eyeball Oh God you see don't drop it
it's getting dirty no stop dropping it
put it in right stop
if you drop it one more time Missy area
Oh fire goodbye fire it really hurt that
bad
oh my god
