I am dying so I'm looking for hats I'm
looking for hats to put on ollie so that
when we're on vacation he either has
like a Sun Hat or beanie or something
I can't believe you fits in his hi is it
cold are you doing here changes died
with me this is our son baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things
good morning guys today is the day we
are getting ready for our trip to San
Francisco and when you look at that
hello hair what are you doing actually
really need a haircut
but that's annoying don't you hate that
when you like do your hair and like one
little thing is like gonna do its own
thing my hair has a mind of its own look
at it look at it you guys look at it
so last night I saw that they had
released the demo of the new Final
Fantasy for PlayStation 3 I think the
last Final Fantasy I played was the one
on PlayStation 2 I'm not sure but I
didn't like it at all I'm not really
into the turn-based games but the new
Final Fantasy is actually real time I
played the demo and it was actually
pretty cool I mean they're weird but um
I actually liked the story the gameplay
was actually kind of fun with like the
real-time fighting and stuff so if you
guys play Final Fantasy let me know
should I just get the new Final Fantasy
lightning returns or should I get the
first one in that series I kind of just
want to jump right into it like the last
one is that bad it's not like watching
the last Harry Potter movie first I
don't know I don't really have 60 hours
to play the first two games
speaking of Hogwarts houses Missy you
totally got Hermione Granger going on in
your head right now are you channeling
Hermione
yes it actually looks cool babe look
it's still got all the curls
don't worry it out and maybe it'll I
caught her yesterday staring at her hair
in the mere sight so curly I'm like you
want to shoot a video right now don't
you she's like yeah my hair looks so
nice you're in a book good morning guys
so I'm looking car as soon as Brian
walks out the door
he's like I'm on the bed you who looks
like ollie is awake when I'm trying to
let him like sit still for living he's
not crying it and some kind of hoping he
goes right to sleep but I don't know if
he'll do it he's a guy kid never sleeps
so this is day 363 of the daily vlog I
would have never have imagined that we
would have made it this
I'm really proud of ourselves actually
that we've been able to really document
this whole year of our life and like
it's honestly one of the greatest years
of our life because our son was born and
we got to share that with the world and
like bring so many people hope who
needed it you know what I mean and I
think that's so important for us when we
do these vlogs but I just think it's so
crazy that we have essentially three
more days and then we're at a year of
daily vlogging that whole idea of
capturing like an entire year of
someone's life is just insane when you
think about everything that happened
this year all the fun jokes all the good
times that we had the places we went
visited and of course you know all the
bad things and the bummer things and
honestly they were just bumps along the
way you know what I mean one of our main
goals is just to show happiness and
positivity and show that everyone life
as you down you can still be happy you
know what I mean and you can still
choose things in life that make you
happy I am pretty much officially
stressed out I don't know I feel like
I've never like been on a vacation like
this it's like I'm with them taking a
baby like in an airplane and so I gotta
like pack the bags but I'm actually
gonna pack Oliver just pack pretty much
everything I can I'm actually doing a
video about it and kind of going to talk
about all the different things that I'm
packing for him I feel like I've been
trying to plan and Alex I've been like
writing things down for like a week now
making sure that when I go to packet I'm
like completely organized like how many
outfits you'll have how many blankets
and receiving blankets and all that
stuff so I feel like I'm organized in
that way but I just got to get going
with it and then my stuff always is like
chaotic it seems like collective sleep
he's like all the way in this corner see
we good he's so funny let's talk about
what else happened Justin Bieber went to
jail it got arrested this kid I feel so
bad for this kid you know I really enjoy
his new music I think it's new music is
cool I mean obviously you guys saw me
cover all that matters on my channel but
he is just
going downhill fast well this guy is not
gonna sleep any longer huh see I'm done
mom
whatever he'll sleep later you're gonna
play here I'm gonna get you a couple
toys I gotta get going though kay was
supposed to do this video I was gonna
try to is early possible so I'm like
just do other things but I'll be 11
o'clock and I'm kind of a dilly dallying
so you're gonna play at those and I'm
gonna go pack your stuff now got a life
hack for you I bought I did one of those
custom salads at the grocery store and I
didn't want to get to it to get warm so
I bought a bag of ice because I needed
ice and now it's gonna sit on top of the
ice on its way home I'm a genius I'm so
bummed you guys
I put on vevo on the TV and I say put on
country because I actually really like
country and I've always really listened
to country but I mostly listened to it
when I wasn't with Brian or like I was
in the car by myself like on my way to
work but now me and Brian drive
everywhere together and I don't know any
country songs and I'm so gone like I
just put on kind of like what's this who
is this guy I got even know who this guy
is
I'm just completely out of the loop with
the country I know all about pop though
I know Justin Bieber's in jail do you
know Justin Bieber got drunk and drove
like uh believe he did that
honestly I mean obviously I can I'm sure
he does it all the time this is the
first time he just got caught but still
I just can't I'd have no respect for
people who drink and drive like that
just blows my mind
I am dying so I'm looking for hats I'm
looking for hats to put on Ollie so that
when were on vacation he either has like
a Sun Hat or beanie or something I can't
believe he fits in his hi cute look at
this Oh me look at me he looks so cute
it's like a little Sun has got from cute
I'm like seriously dying and you're also
playing with a monkey thank you it's a
cute it kind of looks like an actual
tourist it's like wearing this little
Sun what are you doing are you gonna
come over here you're gonna cry
over here you're doing it wrong you do
check out these sweet uh slippers that
Mimi got him they're really nice it fit
really good and they're nice and grippy
on the bottom they'll help you crawl
maybe it didn't take long you guys you
pulled it off now easy innit
those go on your feet not in your mouth
I know if I showed you guys this bed
earlier but it was like a total disaster
and look what I did I panicked that's
all all of her stuff which actually just
did a video about everything that's in
it
that's his diaper bag that's obviously
going with us and the Ergo is going with
us look what we got you guys mom god
this is so cool
it's like perfect because you know I
actually the fill up the bathtub quite a
bit waste a lot of water when you only
sit in you know yeah that's true
actually it's a dud bathtub you guys
like I have one of these when I was a
kid
this is me constantly but I'm taking it
with me on vacation are you serious babe
I want a giant duck to take a bath in
yeah he's sleeping now so maybe I'll get
a little nap in the vacation hopefully
not like getting pig or changing his
entire personality and yeah I got card
the humanity but a tiny USB Drive so I'm
headed in to Staples to print it which I
hear you can do so wish me luck it every
day when my dad gets up he um sit down
here with ollie and he like tries to get
him to crawl and he's doing so good he's
getting up in his little position and
you starting to rock you're starting to
rock huh what is that we do push-ups you
think I can do this one oh now I gotta
do this one week swimming move every
first day like pop battling see Papa -
Papa Holly that's how you crawl I did it
you guys I got a printed guy and it was
so funny because when the guy handed it
to me he was like what is it with this
game I've literally printed probably a
hundred of these already so funny
because it's just it's a popular game
right now that you can make yourself
so I got them printed on this really
nice cardstock paper
so hopefully that'll be good and just
gonna have to cut all of these so that
should be fun it has begun these are all
the scraps so far we're not even like
halfway done I don't think and I've only
been cutting the edges my mom sent me a
birthday card in ahead and I'll back
fifty dollar gift fifty dollar gift look
at it dancing yeah steak that's what
makes your girl's booty shake just sayin
Missy's mom really wants to watch Ollie
pop cuz she's not gonna you know Cassie
me me for four days she's really sassy
guys she's like I feel like every time
talking about to think about to cry oh
really
so we're off to dinner which I'm really
excited about it's like one last night
of us just two and then we're gonna be
like crazy kids in the city it's just
the two of us we can I get it waitress I
changed yep I changed we both I can't
make up my mind I thought you were
talking about like change like you've
changed someone's like what are you
talking about you changed yeah Missy I
just feel like you know that change why
you keep that's enough okay so just
movies okay like Lincoln was on for no
reason uh-huh anyways left my camera
with Mimi and Papa's well which means
only might be doing a little bit of
vlogging right now might see some weird
stuff they do that's what's up my dad
always has funny ideas
I can't wait to see what he anything's
up is there outback in Australia no
we've been over this
we went over that I just feel like it
should be an old bag in Australia
there's there's like one of those
boomerangs and there's boomerangs on the
walls to represent Australia where's
your mom and dad where are they have you
seen him did they take off just left you
here just like that we can do about it
what'd I tell you boomerang and koala
so we have our dinner now and all I can
think about is oli write all about oli
it doesn't help that her parents keep
setting us like the most amazing cutest
pictures ever it's like how come I can't
even take a picture that cute when I'm
with him you know what I mean they sent
us a picture with him holding his bottle
you guys yeah like that's not fair
look at Missy being adventurous with her
coconut shrimp look at it I got it look
at it I am seeing adventures again I
wonder what all he's doing right now
ba-ba-boom getting tired though
okay so we're coming home from there and
Missy cannot see right now
okay my god we're in a predicament we're
in a predicament you guys Missy's
contact fell out while she was driving
great and now she's blind are you okay
yeah close my eye but it's really parks
and uilleann one eye open when you're
driving it's really hard to drive like
that
are you okay can you do it okay do it
hurry well thread light is really gross
but you just gotta do it you don't even
have any like liquid nope nope it's just
gotta go you gotta go back in the
eyeball Oh God
Missy don't drop it it's getting dirty
no stop dropping it put it in height
stop if you drop it one more time Missy
here we go Oh
fire fire fire
oh my god does it really hurt that bad
my god it feels like it was actual fire
it's green oh my god oh my god
anyway oh my god baby you're crying she
has tears coming down her eyes you guys
this is like it's like putting salt in
your eyeball oh my gosh
you understand we see that if you lived
at a time where we don't have modern
technology I think you'd be dead she'd
be eaten you would have fallen off a
cliff you'd probably go up to a lion but
oh hi kitty
yeah oh my god okay it feels better
though yeah it kind of like your eyes
all red and watery oh gosh
did it family
camión again I don't know stop messing
with it
sorry look at this you guys where are
you in a ducky you look pretty cute in
it yeah you do
and like we saved a ton of water like
now we have to do is fill that little
thing with water
yes pretty baby nice tonight dad didn't
take a boat anyway they had to kick up
his feet yeah that is thank you
look how chill this kid is you guys it's
a pretty much crunch time we are still
packing for San Francisco this is my
suitcase nice and packed this is missing
suitcase it's empty
so it's this right okay the room is a
complete mess which is not probably a
good sign right before you leave for
trip policy I'm getting it together I'm
planning my outfits and I don't know
it's just starting to get really crazy
yeah you need to pick up the pace let's
go let's get things done - but anyway
I'm gonna go ahead and call a night and
gotta edit this get everything rounded
up I'm in charge of all the gear and the
tech and the Chargers and the cords and
cameras and SD cards and stuff so yeah
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog click
thumbs up if you're excited to hang out
in San Francisco with us not only if
you're going on the 25th to our meetup
which there is details in the link below
in the description but just by watching
the vlog cuz we're gonna take you guys
with us I hope you guys had a good day
let me know how it was in the comments
I'll see you later I have to but I guess
we'll see
bad things happen here you guys they
hooked to this dog this guy right here
he hooked this dog collar up to me where
is it this thing have you have you tried
it have you put a lot up okay
I'm shocked okay I'm wrong whole bad
things happened in here you guys well
look who's awake and just in time
actually see Jamie saw me
good
