take a money get morning morning morning
morning morning morning what do you
think Oh
grab the camera
I think some of those okay this is our
son baby
boy they're going to do amazing things
good morning guys we are getting up and
I'm getting ready right now I think it's
about time for your nap hopefully he
sleeps good huh I not supposed to do I
gotta do laundry and finish getting
ready and actually do have to give karma
I think he knows it too exceeds I've
been running from me yeah we gotta get
your little brother IBS I look
ridiculous I don't know why I vlog but I
look ridiculous but I do it because
that's you know what this is real life
and every mom sometimes doesn't have
makeup on watching I do makeup on but I
don't have my hair done and I look just
that are you doing down there
you're not up here with us huh you're
not hanging out with me because you know
huh yeah thanks you guys
he just reeks for days and I've been
digging like oh it'll go away oh go away
and it hasn't gone away so I gotta do it
good morning you guys I just remember
like a week or two ago I filmed
something really cool in LA and I was
really really excited the episode should
have been up by now but I guess there
was a mistake and they lost all the
footage on the SD cards and I'm like so
afraid that this is going to happen to
us one day they couldn't use any footage
so I'm headed back to LA to reshoot
and it's kind of funny because well when
you watch the video you'll be like oh my
gosh I can't believe he had to reshoot
that so yeah I have to do this twice and
at first I was like I don't know if I'm
gonna reshoot it just maybe I'll just
tap out but I'm committed I want you
guys to see this it's gonna be really
cool so ah yeah I can't believe what I'm
doing
oh it's rather funny I literally got
Olly to sleep and then karma just shook
himself and bring his little bell on his
collar
ha you're gonna wake the kid up does I
feel a little more difficult than usual
but we did it we got asleep hopefully
sleeps a little bit longer than just 30
minutes which he's been doing lately how
he slept for like two and half hours a
couple days ago and I woke him up that
night he slept amazing it was like the
best night ever it was so cool but now
I'm going to finish my hair yeah I'm
talking about you why are you sitting
like that you dork
oh no no no no raiga why are you awake
you're supposed to be asleep it's only
been like 10 minutes just about to give
karma bath to karma it was Karma's evil
plan karma probably will come up so that
I wouldn't give him a bath and oh I did
in the bathroom come on we gotta take it
back don't like saying the word because
it seems to give him like some
psychological scare it's like the worst
thing ever huh okay
come on I don't like here good job there
you go there you go and just top right
in there go up above nope the only way
the only one down is in there ah look
out of all let's get out of all these
Beth get kind of old friend it's exactly
why we're doing this dirty dirty dirty
you
you
all right you're all done see it wasn't
so bad it was painless don't jump on my
bed sure you can do that
all I've enjoyed watching him give hurt
me give him a bath do I get his treat
and play some ball all right let's good
yeah
John kiss mmm focused please please mmm
mmm you're really not gonna give me one
so mad I just left maker filmed well
refilmed my segment but they were
filming the mom-to-be too so I got to
say hi to Colette and I got something
little bro tard and you sleep in it's
just so crazy when you watching my video
and then he seemed in real life he was
like he's so like yeah he's just brought
up it was cute
but not a long drive happy going home
are you shopping with me me yeah you
tried to on the car but you can't and
you look like a little Smurf it's
actually really cold today and it's
actually kind of raining so I mostly
just really wet outside I doubt we could
really consider it rain this is more
like a sprinkle and everything's just
wet and we're like oh my gosh
everything's wet oh no you guys it's
raining
it's everyone's driving really slow and
instead of taking an hour and a half to
get home it's gonna take me two hours at
home look at all those cars if I was
playing GTA right now I can totally just
jump out and pick one drive it off
hashtag gamer live get a new CAPTCHAs
forget a new CAPTCHAs
yay loading up the new couches and
John's big old flag truck he doesn't
wear a jacket is that like the the
Florida in you doesn't rate a lot in
Florida New York I don't know I'm
California it's freezing for me
but we got a sofa loveseat all packed up
you guys know Gator couches I'm excited
to see these well I'm excited to try and
fit these in our room that should be fun
for real but of course on the day that
we pick up our couches
it is raining so that's okay look some
birds get waiting for the boys to get
here we're going to move this couch this
couch has been around you guys this
actually used to be my grandma's and
then it moved to our house and we used
it in our house and now it's in our room
but we're getting rid of this one we're
getting new couches and so I'm excited
now whenever you move furniture
furniture one it's a really good chance
to like really clean um but also just to
like I guess it's just a good chance to
clean I don't know where I was going
with that there it isn't so comfortable
I can't wait to play on it it's kind of
hard to lay on first just kidding
hope here they come there's the loaves
or the sofa pivot pivot
ha ha pivot pivot pivot no I've heard on
TV
seems bigger than thought oh my gosh I'm
sweaty but we got new couches we got a
sofa a loveseat ottoman none of them
have legs on them yet we still have to
do that but now we have like tons of
mess everywhere well nice are you
comfortable you likey
yeah I just want my blue clothes okay oh
my gosh so tired I feel like I've done
so much today and it's already four
o'clock oh my gosh this is the first
food I've eaten today you guys Chipotle
burrito if you're gonna if it's gonna be
the first food might as well make
something good it's 5 o'clock and I'm
just now getting around eating I've been
driving all day and I finally just sit
down put some of this in my body look at
that oh look so cool I am so tired you
guys all these couches needed Lakes they
came with little legs that you have to
put on and it was so freaking hard to do
you have to do it with a screwdriver and
a screw and I can't even hold the
vlogging camera with this hand anymore
since the hand I used the screwdriver
and I could feel like blisters like
coming up like I probably am gonna have
like three blisters like I already see
one not crazy okay why are you laughing
at me overlaps why are you laughing at
me come on you need a screwdriver it was
stupid
you know how hard it is to take a
screwdriver and a screw and put it into
a piece of wood it's very hard and not
even that I have to having to go through
cloth cuz like see it's got a little leg
and I'm it just made the couches up to
two more inches it does make them look
just a little bit fancier first bread
and gouges we've ever bought
and they're really comfy they have these
back pillows they look like they're
separate pillows but they're deceiving
like it looks like it's all separate
pillows you know but it's not they're
all attached they just stay there
it really comfortable but naked baby
over there yeah hanging out inside for
jumping on his mama
we found this show on Hulu Plus you guys
it's called Brooklyn nine-nine
and it's got Adam not Adam Sandler I
mean Adam Samberg is it Adam or Andy
Andy Samberg Andy Samberg Wow all these
freaked out anyway it's a really pretty
show it's like a cop show it's called
Brooklyn nine-nine are you guys watching
Brooklyn nine-nine what TV shows are you
guys really into right now let us know
in the comments because I think we're
gonna get into this one let's start
watching this I really need to get cop
caught up on community there's like two
new seasons on Grey's Anatomy what's so
funny
hang on let me just spit up on these
yeah let me just put a little babies oh
that's nice
but not we had a choice between brown
creamy white and red and I wasn't really
a fan of the ride although was cool
again just didn't I like it I really
like the creamy white but isn't that
silly to buy a white couch with a kid
but I was he's given he's gonna learn
how to pick up a crown in crayon crap
everyone always makes fun of me he's
gonna be picking up crayons in like four
months and drawn all over everything and
that couch doesn't matter sorry okay
I'm not he would have looked at that
white couch babe and he would have gone
ooh a blank canvas he would have looked
at it and I'm okay yeah but then I was
thinking right now spit up it's white we
need a brown from the right couch so it
blends it fit upstage goes away and then
you've got for the rest of your life a
child that does everything all right so
we are making a quick trip to what is
this place Islands market veterans
market planned look at ollie oh you got
a look at all of you guys
you got the slouchy be my sister's
beanie it is me
he's so hipster at the organic store you
know what I mean mango hey mango mango
is weird okay look at these Missy its
star fruit
so they're like miniature stars funny
I'm so cool in this need to get more
slouchy bees for him cuz he just looks
so good at matter
wha-hoo I loved apples oh did you just
fart
I heard you fart in there he's far
enough a store in the bath you guys
hopefully there's no poopoo coming out
of there hey he's farting in the tub
look at you you got bubbles on you
taking his bath in bubbles with balls
with bubbles came in here with a binky
hereness well now your pinkies clean huh
oh yeah yes then you can't fart in there
aren't you baby hey baby how was your
bath go all bundled up in this towel
who's good bath huh he is asleep
baby is asleep it's magic I wanted to
talk about something kind of funny that
a couple people pointed out yesterday
umm I literally showed this note from
Brian for like a half a second okay guys
like I literally went like this I was
like oh yeah I don't know and a lot of
you caught on and I just couldn't stop
laughing about it but this note from
Brian is signed
Bri a N and a lot of people were like
wait I thought his name was BR why am he
always says it's BR why al we were like
like I thought his name was it with a
why why would he sign it with an i and
i'm sure there's some conspiracy going
on right now but I didn't like my name
with an i she was with a different Brian
yeah so anyways um funny story is that
Brian actually got me like a dozen red
roses one day at one time because I was
in California and he had ordered the
roses um from like a flower company and
told them what to write and then he said
my name is Brian and they said it was I
and he was very upset about it at the
time
hold that Brian BR yaa uh-huh he's still
spelled it
like who's Brian with an eye and he was
like what it's for me why did they do
that so yeah at the time he was really
upset about it and but I always kept
dicks I just thought it was so funny and
then they permit is amazing that you're
being so common so good you're showing
them that you really are good doggie and
you actually are really calm but when
the cameras on you just get so excited
cuz you just want to show them all your
tricks huh
actually he's also trying to be good
because he's on the bed and he's not
supposed to mean he really doesn't want
to be kicked off anyways you guys I hope
you enjoyed the vlog we're going to bed
always asleep I really really hope he
sleeps good night because I need to just
get one more night of really really good
rest so I can get over this nasty cold I
have don't forget to thumbs up the video
because I know you guys love us and you
guys want a thumbs up because you want
us to keep making videos and thumbs up
helps us know that you really like her
videos and you want us to keep going
that was a really long reason to thumbs
up the video we'll see you guys tomorrow
tomorrow uh yeah
tomorrow I'm really hyper tonight but
I'm also really tired Brian what's wrong
with me crazy I'm Craig Craig say good
night brain all right hey goodbye what
would you do if I zoomed up into your
nose please don't I'm not going I'm not
going to do I'm not doing it right now
but I really want to you're doing like
that no no more no not stop it no not
okay okay now I am just just let me show
them your ear
sorry guys wait I didn't see it cuz it
oh there's your nose get my camera is
about to die goodbye
you
