hi guys guess what Oh TM one take my day
it's happenin in the car that's what's
happening
boy there's gonna do amazing things so
in Australia right now it's January 20th
you know a birthday so in Australia
right now it's my birthday so here's
what we're gonna do you guys we're gonna
do some pre-gaming and we're gonna
celebrate my birthday today and we're
actually headed to one of my favorite
taverns and we're gonna Mack on some
calamari it's happy hour we've been
waiting for four hours for to me happy
hour because Missy was like do my
calamari don't do that like hours before
happy hour because it's like it's just
torture okay so we're gonna go do that
um and in today's walk we're gonna have
a really cool announcement for you guys
but first Missy really wants to show you
something here
okay so I got a some a little package
from the office of mayor max and I'm
really excited about it because it looks
like it's a curling dude oh it looks
really nice quality to the calendar of
them with pictures of them that's Mary
max and that's um and that's uh Missy
and that's Mikey and I move closer this
is um but okay there isn't this is
Miramax's well I mean he just looks like
the mayor I mean you can just tell from
the way he likes can
hence himself he's the mayor and then
this is Mitzi because she has a little
beanie on the top of her head as you can
kick up too and then that's my cheek
there's all kinds of stuff about
Idlewild like a picture though for every
month
yeah calendar are you sorry okay there's
a face oh yeah they did a hobby cause
I'm dying oh there is there Wow
where's this going babe I just what do
you mean where is it going
this is there's so many that's actually
right back here we can go get'em here oh
my gosh it's so cool and there they are
December Oh so awesome so thank you
mayor max for sending me this calendar
it's so cute mayor max and the mayors of
Idlewild okay
so cool so anyways yep it is Brian's
birthday in Australia so we're just
gonna celebrate today and then I'll be
his birthday tomorrow so actually it's
his birthday for today for you guys also
sure should definitely leave in the
comments happy birthday Brian you're
making me blush
yeah so yeah and let's see so we do have
a really big announcement and we're
really excited about it because we are
going on vacation
I'm really excited about vacation
because this is like the first time
we're gonna be like going and traveling
and being like tourists like we're gonna
actually like be tourists right yeah
it's not like like we went to Idlewild
and that was a vacation but it was more
like a relaxing stay in our cabin
chillax kind of thing um so yeah we're
going to San Francisco oh okay I kind of
just went right into it but we're going
to San Francisco is so excited oh yeah
yeah we're gonna do all the crazy stuff
there totally I mean so we're going to
San Francisco we're gonna be there for
like three or four days and we're
meeting up with some friends of ours
from high school that we haven't seen in
a long time and then have yet to meet
all of her who is over here are you guys
even seen him the whole vlog huh
look at him hey you hey kiddo he's
sleeping now he's had a rough day today
yeah he was very fussy because he had
that tooth coming in and he actually um
was like really just like angry today
he was just like yelling and screaming
yeah he was really mad at you he's like
how come you made the teeth come and
have you meditate come in then I um was
watching some videos and I found this
really awesome brand name Highland baby
and they have these awesome teething
tablets and I gave him two and he pretty
much has been like he's almost like yeah
like 15 minutes afterwards he was like
thrilled and I was like a happy baby
just sitting up and chillin yeah stop
hitting himself he's like yeah we tried
with the uh we have a little teething
ring that's like gel in it and it's like
really nice and we tried it that and it
was just too cold for him I think he
couldn't really have it in his mouth for
very long yeah anyway we're going to San
Francisco um but another cool thing is
is we're actually going to be doing a
made up we're gonna meet some of y'all
so on Saturday the 25th what time did we
say like we haven't pinpointed exactly
but we'll probably um noon noon to 1:00
is when it will start and we'll have all
the information linked below so you guys
can click and check it out but basically
we're just going
it's sort of like I don't know hang out
with you guys and take pictures and we
found a really cool spot right in front
of the Golden Gate Bridge where we can
all just sort of meet each other and
talk and and take pictures and and all
that good stuff um or might be another
youtuber there yeah there might be some
more youtubers that were me in and we're
also gonna bring some merch and just
clear it out and give it away to you
guys cuz it's been sitting in our closet
and I'm like all these shirts need to go
to good use you know what I mean
so we'll be taking some of those and I'm
really excited just to visit our friends
and the city of San Francisco but I
thought it was such a cool opportunity
to meet up some of you guys I know some
of you have been begging us like if you
go to San Francisco please do a meet-up
please do a meet-up
and it's happening yeah who's gonna be
there does anyone even want to go what
if no one shows up yeah I mean I I don't
know if a ton of people are gonna show
up but it we whoever's available whoever
wants to come show up we are gonna
probably set up like a face Facebook um
like things you guys can let us know if
you're attending or coming yeah we'll
have all that linked below
yeah and then also that just happens to
be DB swin friend swag day right now
yeah yes on the 25th if you have merch
where your merch and go out in your city
if you're in San Francisco or around
there come hang out with us but
otherwise we want you to just go out in
your city and do stuff and see if you
run into any other fellow bumpers and
make friends had so fun and that's our
one year that's the last day one year so
in that crazy one year ago we started
vlogging and now we're doing a meet-up
yeah I thought it was such a cool like
time to really do it it's like it's just
crazy to like the whole 365 day thing
and to be able to end that in San
Francisco it's gonna be like a real
treat especially with this kid
yeah we're gonna strap him on a bike and
we're gonna go bike riding around the
Golden Gate Bridge what do you think is
he's sleeping he's totally sleeping
right now we should send down something
really really cool and everyone's really
excited and planning on coming they
already bought their plane tickets they
already filled up their car with gas and
they're on their way and you are just
sleeping
around rude you guys anyway that's it
for one toke Monday we are here and it
is hot in this car so I think we're
gonna head inside and like I said grab
some calamari are you ready hey you must
have your car
sorry cons of having a Prius it's so
quiet that sometimes you forget to shut
it off and then it beeps at you hey shut
me up member hey buddy you want to say
hi
another interesting fact interesting
fact Monday okay so we started on
January 27th daily vlogging damn we did
it we started on jenni 25th and it was
uploaded on the 22nd oh wait did we
start on the 22nd it sounded 26 and then
I don't know our first vlog went live on
January 27th all your born six months
later on July 27 yes and then yeah and
then go and now we've been done six
months with tweeted six without a baby
and we've officially done six months
with the baby yeah what do you guys
prefer do you guys prefer daily vlogs
with kids or without I mean with kids
we're just like look at a kid look at
his eyes look at this I look good for it
look at his nose look at his mouth like
it is a hands look at his shirt
look at this Basset look at all we'll
just let us know cuz if it if it bothers
you we'll just we'll just find a way to
vlog without a kid you know I'm saying
we'll just I 9 all right
and I haven't will say like I've been
going through the Year 1 montage and
it's so crazy seeing like Missy pregnant
in her big belly and like us like
interacting without kids it's really
crazy and the crazy part too is like
those vlogs have like hardly any views
because it was like when we were first
starting out you know and there's so
much fun there there are I think the
montage is really going to show you guys
how much fun we had before all of our
too so but he changed this in a good way
yeah he changes - in a good way - hey
you want to wake up hey he's like this
like his fourth nap
oh look I'm sorry
dad let him sleep in you can sleep in
there will we eat
yeah can you sleep all time boom okay
but birthday's tomorrow I'm really
excited
Oh for my birthday we you guys get me a
present and just click that top link at
the very top of the description just
click it I'm not sure what it's doing
but I'll be happy if you click it okay
let's see you guys tomorrow bye
oh god you guys alright this is me yeah
you see smiles come rainy ollie who's
that
daaaad your bear look at that model pose
guess usually got a little model we look
like sup tubers right no yeah sad life
over here we're like
