not really ever a big deal well the
other day I was like holy crap we
officially have a baby with disgusting
poop is it coal are you doing me a favor
for me this is our son baby
boy there's a new amazing things good
morning good morning good morning
morning morning
it's morning time and it's a tad a look
at this little Pocahontas your braid
looks so cool baby it's like dark and
then light and warned it's so cool I
love it
give her a watchful Donna's when you're
little loud really because it was a
magic and no really not in the whole
magic thing but I think I've watched it
since then I know the song what's the
song paint with all the colors of the
wind
yes oh there you go some Disney
throwback for you guys this morning he
and I are just up getting ready where is
our kid we're missing brick wait a
minute
was he sitting on he was on there or was
he in his jumper where did he go he's
not he's not in his bassinet he's just
no is he playing is he in the duckie no
I see now he's sleeping should I say hey
no you sure say hey Trey say hey good
morning guys um so it's so funny because
as you guys know we've been struggling
with Oliver his nap and sleeping and
he's just been kind of giving me a hard
time especially last night I think him
he seems to be constipated I think that
the avocado that we started him on he
had like a major poop low I was the
first disgusting poop that we've had
since we had him okay you guys cuz he
poops okay every baby poops but because
he was exclusively breastfed his poop
was always very watery it was just like
I know I'm talking about poop right now
but whatever not really ever a big deal
well the other day I was like holy crap
we officially have a baby with
disgusting poop so it's really really
nasty he also hasn't pooped since then
it's been actually like two days since
he's pooped so I know he's this like
seems to be really uncomfortable , but
hey where's your sweater
where's a sweater kid you don't like it
I think he was not feeling the whole
sweater he was like rolling around
outside and the dirt is thoroughly funny
so we took it off I just love when his
hair short like this it's so much easier
get hair everywhere I could actually
cuddle you I love you I rock today for
naptime which the time that I least
expected and even make plans at 12:15
and it is 12 14 12 14 I had plans to
meet someone at 12:15 and this kid is
fast asleep he's been asleep for almost
an hour now even though I really had
plans I'm like no way I'm waking this
kid up that's craziness when he hasn't
slept good in like days and my plans can
just wait it's not really a big deal oh
oh hey zombie oh but I'm an ex-army
that's racist
oh well then what's your name well well
I don't know half my brain is Benny in
and what are you doing hanging in my car
I don't know just wanted to say hey so
who else has this problem I have so much
baby stuff
not to mention lots of clothes but like
baby items swings and rock and plays and
things all over the house and of course
I don't want to sell them I don't want
to give them away I want to use them
obviously for the next baby um but I'm
literally running out of room to put
things I mean this is it this isn't one
that's kind of nice because it shrinks
up but I just can't imagine when this
thing gets too big or too you know small
for him and he's done with it am I gonna
do this thing it's like I have so many
things that I don't know what to do it I
hate clutter and I hate like things just
like in my room for no reason
and I feel like my life is going to
consist of things in my room for no
reason
all right just got back from the grocery
store I'm thinking here Oliver you just
woke up but I grabbed a bunch of stuff
for Super Bowl Thunder tomorrow is the
Super Bowl or today as you guys watching
this and we're headed over to my friend
John's house so I'm bringing chips and
snacks and stuff and I got sour cream
and onion dip mix got a whole bunch of
acaba toes I'm gonna make some guacamole
set the best part of the Super Bowl
right is just eating tons of food look
who's up yeah let's go get him good
morning good morning
hang on and you open this good morning
my little munchkin did you have a good
nap IRA said good morning to you take a
morning taking money take a morning Ari
good morning oh my oh my god IRA Kyra
ah good morning is auntie can y'all
dressed for the day yeah ready I think
daddy's home
whoa someone's a little Tigers I don't
want so you wanna like put these gonna
stand up at all your silly make us do
all the work look our hands Emil ugh
it's just your outfit of the day it's a
cold day so you're gonna wear a sweater
like yeah and these warm wool pants yeah
and we just need to put some yo Socky
done like I said we were supposed to
meet someone at 12:15 it's not 115 but
luckily it's actually my cousin and
their daughter Payton who's like an only
like a month older than Oliver um was
asleep the same time and woke up at the
same time as Oliver that's so crazy so
yeah we were like have you loved yet and
yeah I was like leaving five days six
weeks sitting here so luckily it all
worked out and our baby's got all the
rest that they needed Hey yeah is this
his first time yeah Bert's out of
chuck-e-cheese all right now that we
have this car seat I actually have to
take him out of it it's like jeez Louise
what's all this extra work ooh I love
these buckles babe that was really easy
to do with one hand where chuck-e-cheese
and Geoffrey brought like a two huge
bags of tickets so been loading up in
the machine I think we have like
combined total like 1500 already there
we're so getting that bouncy ball
totally getting the bouncy ball for Liv
this guy is not amused hey sleeping well
we got some tokens so I think I might
get some more tickets
this is hands-down my favorite game in
this entire place let's play it like
sushi little balls once you get it lined
up stop moving it hey gal dig on a road
where to j30 your score is
she's got matching bit like ollie well
Ollie had one if if she's totally in Hey
hi
how old is she now eight months it's
about two months older than Ollie
he's still you know that's what we
needed to do baby we need to get all
these ears pierced come on he could be
the future Justin Timberlake you never
know yeah start them off on gages all
ready yeah go
everything he's gonna win
what do you think
20 your wing
3.65
I swear
at the last three seconds it like cuts
it see it's like flappy bird it's not
there
good morning kiddo Hey
you have a good little catnap she wants
to do it herself Jeb want to take a
picture let's take a picture who's that
they're holding hands you guys
it's drive us ha ha ha what happened
what happen is puts a smile so you just
left chucky cheese and we got a couple
really cute footage this one with Ollie
it's so cute and they were like that
one's cute but let's do another one and
then we got this one really covering all
your face I'm doing what I was supposed
to do
ya got your act together he's like yeah
alright give me my sister with a camera
cuz she's gonna watch Ollie there you go
all right mister let's brood we ain't
got no kid we ain't got no kid what do
you wanna do want go to the club I'm
gonna see a movie she's dragging me to a
movie you guys and I really like goo she
like really one that's gonna give me a
lot of brownie points take we're gonna
go see Labor Day it's about this
criminal he like breaks free and then
this girl like love with him and I'm
sure it's there's confliction I don't
know but we're gonna go see a movie
while Cassie is watching Oliver it's so
nice that we have family that wants to
watch him like all the time now can you
please leave so I can watch the baby I'm
like again yeah we literally planned
this trip just because Cassie wanted to
mainly watch Oliver with her friends who
are like sure we'll go out I just like
I'm curious how long is that gonna last
probably I feel like it's getting easier
to leave him because he's becoming more
like he
just easier to take care of yeah that's
true eight maybe and maybe we'll get
more fun you got a really sweet lens
flare next to you baby yeah be like
really epic like alright we're headed
into the movie what do you think baby
all he's doing right now
Angie the I do laundry I know a mommy do
laundry I don't have two hands to get it
all out so I can just put him in there
it's nice and warm and then I just move
this room and then I tell you this
really hyper coat this is stupid
yeah who invented this
yeah the washer needs to be on this side
are need to be on that side yeah stupid
good just basically okay that's messed
up babe I did this way even when I don't
have a killer we got out of the movie
and we were just like Holly Holly can
watch a full movie without missing you
kid
so it is officially the great Ollie poop
watch of 2014 all he hasn't pooped so
we're gonna try some natural ways to get
him to poop so I am on a quest for
prunes which are pretty much just dried
plums
you know they look like giant reasons I
don't know I also just realized I'm
headed the wrong way so excuse me while
I fix this so all day today we have been
like where is all of Oliver's poop we
literally have been trying to figure out
why he's not pooping what's going on was
it the avocado whether this was it that
he hasn't pooped in like two days we
running to get some prunes and see if we
can make something to make this
because he's having trouble so bad last
night was like kind of rough case so I
posted this thing on our Facebook page
it was a link to the blog from a year
ago and I just posted it I said it's so
crazy to think this is what we were
doing a year ago would you guys like me
to start posting these on the Facebook
page so you can see as well for the most
part everyone's like yeah it's really
cool one person was saying no because it
seems like you just want more fuse so
you can make more money like I was it
was so confusing like yeah like the two
thousand people who are gonna see that
post are like that's actually gonna make
us like a ton more money or something
like that but I just think it's so weird
how off-putting making money on YouTube
is and how so many people have such a
warped reality of it it's just crazy
really like that people would be
offended that you make money off of hard
work you know what I mean
I'm thinking it's something that I might
want to delve into on my own channel and
talk about lot of people are just in the
dark about it and a lot of people have
very weird opinions of it which I find
rather funny at the end of the day you
know it doesn't really matter what other
people think about it because this is my
life and I am Who I am and this is my
family and we're doing what we love you
know what I mean I don't want it to
sound like I'm full of myself or
anything but we've literally received
thousands of letters of people thanking
us you know and that we've given them
hope them hope and I think that's really
important
Antti shook it all out of you I could
Brian actually just left to go to the
store to get a prune yeah yeah prunes
help babies poop because you haven't
pooped in forever ah but apparently
auntie shook all the poop out here
pooped so I got to change this diaper
all right looking for
looking for food found them they do not
look appetizing no they literally look
like giant raisins yeah yeah hey soon as
I get back from the store to get him
prunes he poops hello Darrin poop coming
out of this kid got different poop
coming out now that he's in solids
that's not hahaha hey cutie he's
sleeping in his crib before 9 p.m.
you're amazing but anyway I'm gonna head
it end the vlog I know I need change
chalkboard I'll do that tomorrow me see
we remind me to do that tomorrow
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog be sure to click the button at the
end of the video to go see what we were
doing 1 year ago if you wish if you guys
like today's vlog give it a thumbs up
thank you guys so much for watching
today's video and as always we will see
you tomorrow
what awkward silence goodbye he's
looking at me I think I'm distracting
him from his class which is funny
because I was always distracted when I
was in class
