I'm trying to say good morning kid what
are you doing it's making music on this
one
oh here here I don't know if he's like
upset or just laughing come on come to
boat the boats roads roads of infinity
bum bum
good morning ollie
big but I think for the bomb very nice
of you this is our son David
boy do amazing things all right
ramaa you guys want to see something
else killed hey Carm karma I like your
sweater
we got him one of these antler things
cuz he went to the groomers yesterday
and now he's like a whole new puppy we
got him in this cool new sweater too cuz
it's chilly here in Southern California
guys ok what what are you crying about
you talk in the mirror alright I got
some coffee going and I'm making some
oatmeal for breakfast I've been trying
to eat breakfast more because when I
don't I just feel I feel like I eat too
much at lunchtime so I'm trying to like
start myself off right in the morning by
eating a good breakfast so I've been
eating like cereal or hot oatmeal just
Quaker Oatmeal apples and cinnamon
thup thup badda bodda so yeah I pretty
much just moved his thing in here so I
could do my hair and makeup um cuz I
wanna can't see him over there and he
started crying when he's done with your
Kitty doll huh
that's a dork he's really really happy
you think he does need to take a little
nap though huh
it is probably nap time we got his swim
lessons this morning um so I wanted to
be like nice and rested for that so I'm
gonna probably pro and put him down in a
few minutes for like just like a little
tiny nap can you just take a little time
mat for Mama every time I eat oatmeal I
always think about how overseas they
call it porridge or is porch different
than oatmeal I don't know it's so funny
because I always see comments from
people saying like oh we call that this
or we call that this and it's so
different you guys call cookies biscuits
and our biscuits are like fluffy like a
warm pastry thing not like a cookie it's
just funny how like we have we have like
the same things but we call them
different things you know what I mean so
right now I guess I'm eating porridge
basically like Goldilocks uh-huh yeah
are we getting ready got my bathing suit
on cuz I forget it goes
are you a monster I tried to give him a
nap but he just was not having it even
though you're so so tired but I've got
his swim shorts here I've got a striped
pair and then he's really cute um green
ones when I'm on the but it has like
this cool blue heart they're patient
cute
Holly is all ready to go and so is my
mom this is a big day for ollie I know
and he's falling asleep yeah he's gonna
take a nap he's definitely gonna be
taking that he's so tired look he's even
got like a lifeguard shirt on
we totally planned that oh my god hi
buddy he's looking at me
this is quite possibly the cutest thing
I've ever seen do it today but you would
easily giggling teach em to blow bubbles
come on I'm even listening to us I'm in
there's little and you can blow it takes
a couple classes you get into it I'd be
pretty surprised if he was already
blowing bubbles on day one so they say
cupcakes a couple days to sort of get
into a routine like this we come every
week and it's sort of the repetition and
he would learn a lot better that way too
that is why I would not know waterspout
watch the spider out because you spider
went up the spout again and then I'll do
the next one up
one two three and if we want to get you
he's looking at me
I think I'm distracting him from his
class which is funny because I was
always distracting when I was in class
so now we're throwing the ball and he's
going toward it buddy oh there we go he
won't take it out of his mouth there you
go aye Oliver's put three balls and
things so far so yeah he's pretty much
amazing I think he had fun hey guy he's
doing the fish thing but you were so
cute in there buddy Parma time I come
here come back nope
karma knows he did it karma karma
chameleon he literally just ran up the
stairs oh my gosh look what he did you
guys oh my gosh this dog isn't strong
Mike what are you doing going through
the trash karma you're not supposed to
do that no no your honor strict shame go
outside wait is that it I don't know if
that's a punishment or not he's going
outside okay that was bad you guys and
car Matt like he just started doing this
and I have no idea why all of a sudden
he started going through the trash but
it's so frustrating because we have to
like put the trash on top of the table
or put them away I don't know does
anyone anyone with dogs and you give us
any tips on what to do leave in the
comments below of how to stop your dog
from going through the trash because
it's like yeah we just need to get a
different trash can so today is the last
day of January means it's the last day
for $5 foot long so we're heading up
that subway and this look at this kick
you refuses to sleep
we know you're tired you just did
swimming you got a very small nap
earlier he's just angry look at him like
oh just want to sleep Mike yeah didn't
one say we did figure out the whole
thing for when we're going to Orlando in
March we're actually going to be able to
like sort of check in your car seat or
um whatever you need to at
lost-and-found with a valid ID so
that'll actually be a pretty big relief
because we don't want to run a car
because we're only going to be driving
10 minutes and we're probably not going
to be using it much more in Orlando and
if we ever want to go any places we just
use like a rental like a like a lift
service that could yeah they don't have
over which is so sad because over was
amazing in San Francisco they were so
fast and it was really really fair fair
prices too so they have something
similar I think that we'll be using all
right give this guy a bottle see if
they'll take a nap what do you think you
think kiddo he did it Brian actually got
Ollie to sleep um so yeah he's asleep
I'm hoping he's gonna take a really good
job I would really like to take it up as
well I really am not feeling good today
we'll see sometimes when I think he's
gonna sleep the longest cuz he I know
he's really tired that's when he only
sleeps for like a few minutes you can on
your bone I heard you were bad
downstairs were you bad downstairs the
way I just got done shooting my casual
Friday video which yes I'm doing it
today it's Friday it's gonna be up today
on Friday so if you haven't gone gotten
a chance to go look at and go see it you
guys should check it out I talked a
little bit about how the vacation went
and what I would have done differently
and all that but um yeah I just saw him
move I thought he was gonna wake I was
like no
I seen all they are taking a nap
much-needed nap so I'm just going to run
and check the peel boxes but I did want
to say that if you guys didn't know at
the end of every video now we're linking
the video that we were doing one year
ago with a little one year button so if
you guys go and click that at the end of
this video I actually was watching it
last night and it's the video where we
got to see all of her it was one of our
very first ultrasounds where he first
moved in her belly during the ultrasound
it's so cute it's called disco baby
because it just looks like he's dancing
it's the coolest thing ever
so definitely go check that out and let
me know in the comments what you guys
think of going back and exploring did
you guys already watch those videos are
you a new subscriber who's now watching
you know the new videos and then going
back and watching like an old one um and
also just you guys know I also have
those always linked below in the
description what we are doing one year
ago - I love I love going back and
watching them they're really cool hey
guys so I just know Oliver's been doing
foods officially for three days today is
day four so I've been doing avocado and
we're gonna try a new food today it's
gonna be carrots
I had Brian go down to the market and
grab some organic carrots and we're
gonna cook those up you know a lot of
you are like really excited for me to
try like more yummy foods I guess like
bananas and stuff like that but I'm
trying to stick with um vegetables you
know avocado is not vegetable but I want
to stick with things that are a little
more bland because we want them to want
him to not love the sweet stuff and want
the sweet stuff you want to enjoy
healthier foods if you don't fruits
healthy be not I mean steamed these and
cook these up because I'm also making
all of his food and I plan to continue
to make his food um hopefully firm bro
oh all right so I got these cut up and
peeled and they're gonna go in here I
could get the babe oh I guess I like
doing things the hard way I don't really
have any containers but I'm gonna make
some and probably put them in baggies
and freeze them and stuff um so I just
haven't gotten that yet
but I do have a carrot here all peeled
and ready to go and I'm gonna let little
Olli play with it huh so I do you think
it's important for him to you know
get the feeling textures of the actual
food instead of it all mashed up so like
I said I'm doing like a little bit of
the half-and-half kind of thing and he
seems to think that's a lot of fun
trying to stick it too far in your
throat though I should take all the toys
off for you all right this is all ready
to go what um yeah now we're just gonna
put this on top let's go skating for
about 15 minutes
Oliver where did your carrot go hmm Oh
karma walked in here and then he must
have grabbed it and brought it out here
can't let the dog take your food I think
ours like oh the kid gets food now yeah
got a new one for Ollie this is Oliver
okay your ollie once you drop it then
it's mine it holders like teasing him
with it
haha mine I've just been trying to spend
my evening organizing and cleaning and I
moved the couch and I vacuumed I was
going through drawers here's a tip if
you're ever like stressed out go clean
out a junk drawer and organize it it
makes you feel so much better really
like those carrots though don't you
don't attend on this thing you might
even feel good on his teeth because you
can like almost sink its teeth into it
all right looks like the carrots are
done they're nice and soft
oh mama seems like a pretty good texture
and wallah we've got baby food it was so
easy why doesn't everyone do this I've
literally just steamed it and mashed it
up and it's all good to go
even to and I'm miscarrying ready to try
the great stuff carrot time oh we
dropped it comes like I go there what do
you think of that hmm like it yeah
that's gonna be interesting when it
comes out ready
bathtubs this way let's go walk to the
tub once said if you squeeze the beak
that will crack did you know this Missy
no no I think it is there's just no
there's no squeaker there's no way that
it would crack so bubbles does not crack
when we first got it I would squeeze
like Oh Oliver is practicing yoga go all
the way down to the floor all the way
down there you go stretch out those
muscles there you go here we go look at
this baby's actually doing baby yoga you
don't baby yoga Oh bye bubble bath
bubble bath with Brad I was taking a
bath
all right I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog I'm gonna go ahead and get
our thumbs up and did remember you can
click that on your one button at the end
the video and you can watch one of the
very first ultrasounds we did was oliver
remember that one glued around me too I
know and that in the V in the
description for that video is a link to
the bumped it you did go out like the
most recent bump date here so cool so go
check that out ok boys on drugs also
don't forget you guys can use the code
lovely 14 to get free shipping on all
your orders at daily bumps merch calm
I'll have a link and info for that also
really good time I think they're doing
it for Valentine's Day and it's only
until February 4th so go do it you guys
tomorrow bye let's go shopping hello
good morning my house is very bright you
like the colors
threw it out so happy nigga yeah are you
standing
