sunday is a boy he's gonna do amazing
things
Oh
he's sitting in his little throne
watching over us hey guys it is Tuesday
it's Tuesday Tuesday gotta get down on
Tuesday look forward to Wednesday
Wednesday Wednesday for you guys
hump day oh babe the beds not made I
don't wanna I use YouTube magic we
haven't done this in a while hey you
ready oh look at that babe okay no you
walked over here in the time that I was
doing that I see really I walk really
fast karma Oh someone's not supposed to
be on the bed and you're on the bed
crazy puppy can we get off the bed can
we get on your how would you like it if
I just stepped all over your bed would
you like this car man if I just stepped
all over your bed how do you like it
look at this one-handed mommy you guys
today yeah we put a really funny video
out on Missy's channel today called
one-handed mommy and it was really good
so go check that out
oh don't hit the pan Wow you was hit the
fan
diaper check anything in there you're
good kid but let's put this gif they
obeyed this is the outfit the blue one
with the hoodie that we always put them
in because it's stinking adorable we
just keep we need more of these
apparently different colors different
animals on the front so I'm actually
gonna do you two magicalness - you ready
I've never done YouTube magic on a live
human I don't think so have I have I
changed a diaper with YouTube magic do
you guys remember that I don't remember
that mmm
ooh there you go pretty good I mean my
Magic's a little weak right now so I
couldn't do that yeah obviously need to
be practicing more this is our last bag
of wipes you guys I ordered some but
they're not gonna be here till Friday
so hopefully the last they got to come
with me and then they gotta be brought
in and yeah it's a pain in the butt I
totally failed huh I failed
these are cool sacks hmm he says so many
socks in his drawer that he hasn't worn
it really yeah cause he always complains
about putting these shoes on and finally
she's using a zipper but she's wearing
the biggest fluffiest socks ever that's
your problem babe can get it okay you
hold it and I'll do it how many people
does it take me okay your finger you
ready to go on an adventure going on an
adventure today
yay baby look at the sign it says
caution ahead lane shifts ahead but the
F is almost up
no it looks like lane dad took a nice
little nap today but he slept with me we
actually cuddle on the couch this
morning um so does his nap time but I
don't want to put up in his room I did
how long did enough for he suffered Aria
Hanna Oh Sam we cuddled together and I
watched a movie and he slept in my arms
and it was so cute it was just like the
old days remember when he was his head
was like this small no how big is it
body was like this big just like you
could just I could just like this yeah
oh yeah yeah and now he's like you're
like okay see it's yours read the hold
the King yeah I'm looking at his toes
the other day and I was like what that
whose toes are these ginormous single
toe used to be the size of jellybeans
and now sighs a little bit of sausages
so did way too much YouTube magic this
morning you guys
you know the only thing that'll punch is
your powered YouTube magic you know I'm
chicken noogie soon
shrimp Oliver just had lunch to get you
get interested and really don't you know
what food is there there you are that's
what you do oh really okay it's not
sharp look I'm okay really I like
putting it in front of him and like
making him work for it get it get it
don't eat my soup there you go trap
rattle down
oh no rattled up we were passing him
back and forth and that happened now you
wanna bet he'll really like it I'll just
watch it we're hanging out at Temecula
old town we found a penny machine I
think we're gonna do a pin you wanted
yeah that one's cool Oliver apparently
is taking his second nap not on time no
this kid just does what he wants you
guys it really just kind of rude push it
now you got a crank Oh
yeah I don't know which one is making
because it you turned it to the design
keep going on doing is it hard there is
and we have made art the topic I know if
I ever told you this story but when I
was little my mom used to take us to the
railroad tracks and we'd get pennies and
we'd like rub the tar off the rail it
probably was super dangerous it was very
dangerous but we'd rub the tar off it
and put it on the railroad tracks and
then the train would come and smash it I
think I've heard those seems like they
don't like still hit the thing and
they'll shoot off yeah sometimes that's
what you have to get it to stick to it
or else it will literally impale you I'm
off my mom Charlie watching it she's
like don't tell her that story it's so
chill down here you guys everyone's just
like walking around looking to the ice
cream you want some ice cream babe I'm
just saying to see that that's probably
weight too much ice cream and that
that's not sanitary babe we got giraffe
eating their ice cream all right so we
got some ice cream I went with a this
thing called moose tracks used to have
this in Idaho a lot it's like chocolate
fudge and it's got like Reese's peanut
butter cups in it it's pretty crazy and
I asked for the smallest one and they
gave me this one so I'm like a thanks
I'll eat like two bites of this there's
proof that we live in the desert you
guys cacti is that what they're called
if they're plural yeah cacti these don't
even look very pokey
that's these weird-looking things yeah
interesting is it not our here because
it's like do you guys know what this is
it looks like something Mataji Jumanji
whispers I'm sorry the sidewalks a
little rough dude the old fashioned okay
this is what the old olden days had to
deal with
speaking of olden days there's a lot of
old people here like a lot just chew it
just hang it out
you
you
we came down here looking for sunglasses
and I think we will find some all these
are cool
nice there's a lot to choose from
have enough sunglasses for like ever and
it's bright outside do you think they
have any for Olli you look at the little
baby sunglasses
I'll they've even polarized bro oh my
God thank you
alright so it found sunglasses I got
sunglasses lookit
Missy got matching sunglasses here's a
little bow honor and even this little
guys got matching sunglasses yeah I know
it's so cool your car key me me all a
called me me did he really know yeah
push all the buttons teller was wrong
oli how you intend to take you places
teller
yeah
he hung up on her nice one always done
talking to her you have to say goodbye
dude hey kiddo here here's your car grab
it go on grab it there ya go
all he's got some playtime going on we
got Sophie we got this cool yeah I know
that this cool rattle this one's
actually really cool twist okay give me
the car real fast thing you grab that
it's really cool grab it and then look
at I quit he just thinks it goes
straight to my mouth straight to the
mouth okay you know this what this
instead like yeah that's pretty cool
I'll take that thank you look at this I
can point the camera at the rocking
chair and see that Bryan is trying to
wrap all way to sleep he's trying to put
him down for a little nap and all he's
not quite having it look how good of a
daddy he is yeah no idea I'm taking a
meter recording him I literally had to
run downstairs get my phones like if
Instagram a picture of them I've sold
many pictures I literally can't even
take pictures look at this cannot take a
photo I hope to be photos it is so sex I
don't wanted to leave any really sucks I
think I need a bigger uh like a bigger
what is it gigabyte phone this he's not
having it
now this is funny
ah he said I'm gonna go help him so I
try to giving oli a nap but I was having
a little bit of trouble so Missy took
over I know since you might have just
did it she's just way better at
everything than I am ah got me dug it up
in ten days look at that a second legs
did you do
where's ollie
hey where's ollie
hey we'd like an assassin oh are you
ready to go to bed you didn't take a
good nap so maybe he'll sleep better
hope you either have a overly tired baby
who's not gonna sleep yeah well we have
a very tight baby who'll sleep all night
boom let's go for the second Hey I like
all right guys the kid is asleep yes
finally someone posted the other day in
the comments they're like all you do is
talk about putting your kid to sleep
yeah that's pretty much like 90% of our
lives right now okay it's like pretty
good so but I didn't read that I was
licking the table right now yes your
living room right now it's a mess
because of the kid come on what are you
done uh anyway I'm getting my light on
in my room click a little light switch
right here it's actually home light
switch oh it's good this is totally
gonna run up my electricity bill you get
an electricity no cool though it's the
15th for you guys which means my
birthday is it five days fuckers double
birthday
it is excited I'm excited are you
excited what'd you get me
nothing did you get me a new car no what
what and then if you guys didn't know a
few days after my birthday we're going
on a trip to Miami said it
Oh some of you guys might know but we're
not just we're just not going we're just
in that manner we're gonna make it a
surprise it was I like surprises okay a
lot of people have trouble understanding
this I'm just gonna explain it okay yeah
it's really I'm confused too okay I'm
really gonna do okay we are marking year
one as 365 days okay so the 365 day will
be day their 360 fifth day will be
filmed on January 24th and will be
uploaded on January 25th January 25th
will be day one of year two does that
make sense I'm sorry yes I literally
counted every single vlog I've gone
through every single one to make sure
this is right and that's how we're we're
gonna do it I don't know if for year two
we're gonna do like another 365 days or
if we're literally just gonna be like
that's the next yeah we're actually
gonna be traveling for our 365th day and
if you guys didn't know the 25th is also
d be friends wag what this means is if
you have daily bumps March we want you
guys to wear it and then we want you
guys to go out to your most like the
biggest part of your city or like the
most like populated area of your city
like the mall or some shopping center or
something I don't know go there at new
bitty go out there and be busy and go at
noon your time so that there's no
discrepancies and just see if you bump
into any of you guys and if you do then
I want to see pictures I want you to
tweet me pictures of you guys wearing
your stuff and talking and becoming
friends and we're gonna bring so many
people together what if we might be kind
of stating you're you yeah and put what
if like a girl and a guy bump into each
other and then they become best friends
then they get married cuz of us and then
we could be in your wedding yeah but
everyone keeps asking us are we gonna do
something special for the one year
that's a way to speak and go out to mrs.
video because it's really funny
hashtag one-handed more
me okay bye I'm way me bad with my foot
lazy vlogging I see this all the time
now we shake Karl plugs yeah
I was I always yell lazy vlogging you
guys should do that it is if you guys
watch shake Karl's vlogs and you see him
lazy vlogging be like lazy vlogging and
then tell them what time I think that'd
be really funny and then when we meet we
come best friends I mean I can't
remember one of much people were yelling
at you about lazy vlogging that was me
okay we'll see you guys tomorrow bye run
out we promise not to just run away
watch this in every way to go to the
train there has to be a grow up there
hey kid they see me stroll and they hate
and patrol and try to catch me stroll
and dirty try to catch me stalling dirty
tryna catch me strolling dirty try to
catch me
