here's my avocado baby all day oh you
have to get real cured in a second huh
some frisbees huh doc you wanted there's
a sundae good boy
there's gonna do amazing things the coos
home lollipop
welcome home this is our bed huh our
bedroom our little city hey come here
come here
Oh faceplant
nice transition bro who's that baby you
even seen that baby in like five days
huh he's like my friend I've missed you
oh my God look cute he literally looks
in here got so excited it's your buddy
huh good morning guys we are back home
after four days in San Francisco yeah we
are back after our trip in San Francisco
we had a really great time um and now
it's back to reality so it's about to
get real with this one today you guys
just getting up and I'm getting dressed
my hair is getting all crazy I just want
to reach out and hug my friend there he
is
asleep for his first nap today he seems
to be doing pretty good I'm up still
getting ready gotta do my hair but I'm
really excited today because as you guys
know officially Oliver is six months old
which is crazy yeah it was yes yesterday
so today is like I don't know I guess
we're gonna start feeding him real foods
obviously it's me really slowly and it's
mostly to introduce him to foods it's
not really to like like he's no longer
going to be nursing he'll still be
nursing a lot we're just gonna start
introducing food and you know we only
introduced like one food every like five
to seven days
I'm really excited but I'm also really
nervous and it should be very
interesting can't wait to see his face
when he puts food in his mouth another
thing is is that because it kind of
snuck on me because we're on vacation I
don't have either a spoon to feed him
any food or a highchair to let him play
with the food so I don't have either
objects or either necessities to
actually start him food with food so we
got to go out and grab a couple things
and then we're gonna start it and I'm so
excited are you excited Bryan um I'm
excited but I'm not excited for the
diaper bar that's true I didn't know the
poop changes we just opened up our bag
which is a matte one my bag and it got
inspected did they take my drugs going
through our baggage it's a bag from
Alcatraz and I wanted to keep it it's
memories yeah I got this mug from
Alcatraz and it makes you sound like a
real hard-ass of a dad yeah what's up
all you get is food clothing and shelter
and medical attention everything else is
a privilege better believe it we just
realized that we left our magnet we got
this really cool Golden Gate Bridge
magnet that was oh sorry we went to that
bout in place Oh food boo Dane okay we
think that it's a lot of things well we
went there and we got cookies and I
remember putting those in a bag and then
putting the magnet in the same bag
because the place that the magnet
wouldn't give me a bag unless I paid
them ten cents and I was like I'm not
paying you ten cents for a bag when
already have a bag so I'm gonna put it
in there and then I remember eating all
the cookies and I remember leaving that
bag on the counter when we left so I
thought it only had cookies in it
ha we so anyone wants to go to Pier 39
and get us those dark chocolate chips
sea salt cookies and the cool red Golden
Gate magnet and sent it to our peel box
I miss you got this cool sweatshirt yeah
it is San Francisco maybe we'll just put
our p.o box in the description and
Fenning cool San Francisco but you know
who you are you know who you are
I'd even I'd even pay you back I didn't
think that
died for those cookies oh my gosh those
cookies were so good you guys it's so
hard to stop on get out we saw that
bakery and they didn't have it yeah we
stopped out another boat in bakery and
they didn't have they had the the nasty
dry looking chocolate with cookies but
these ones are amazing they have dark
chocolate and they have sea salt on top
wait and then I was like oh my gosh
there's one at the airport this is
awesome I'm gonna get some before we had
to leave there and then they weren't an
art terminal and yeah they were at a
different terminal and we're like okay
do we go through security again and then
come back to our terminal and go through
security yet for a third time just for
the possibility that there might be
cookies there and there probably wasn't
I think they only sell them on pier 39
everything good is there I miss it
obviously we need to go back all right
you guys this is so crazy but I put all
over to bed an hour ago
and he's still asleep and not only is he
still asleep but he cept he slept so
good yeah last night too like he
literally slept until like four o'clock
so I'm like super excited like he turned
six months and he was like oh I get it
so you sleep like this it's pretty cool
I mean Ari emptied out three suitcases
which is like amazing although I do have
a ton of laundry do this is like all my
laundry plus I have one more load hello
is there an awake baby in here Oliver
just woke up not even kidding you guys
two-hour nap till I lied out that's
amazing we got so much done we unpacked
we did laundry
Hey good morning kiddo welcome to the
world again
mommy saying good morning who's that you
know he woke up so happy babe all right
we need a spoon for baby Ollie we're
gonna give you food today
what do you think about that I do like
these they seem like really soft didn't
come from make it does your scaling
little bowls maybe like bowls to put it
in what do you do with these why do I
need these I just have a nipple see can
you believe we're buying food stuff
already
does that make you like just want to
like break down and cry it's really hard
but I've been trying to prepare myself
oh really or a long time okay I knew it
was coming but I just it's really like
I'm excited I'm excited like having
trying things and like see his reaction
something the other part of me is like
not excited like I feel like he's he's
growing up way too fast we're also now
looking at car seats cuz he seems to
hate this thing right like we're gonna
have to put him in every single one of
them you which one here you want to
choose it yeah okay all right we're
gonna try this graco smart seed this one
has extended rear facing which we're
planning on doing come on you can do it
this could be where you're drinking oh
you could put your Powerade there and
then I mean when you get older you could
grab it there you go
if you look so cute in it huh you do
it's three dollars so you can you can
pay me back okay we'll just do ten
dollars a month till it's paid off well
I was about to just like start walking
about all the things we bought and then
I was like Brian you have your camera
don't have a camera
so we gotta go find it hopefully we
found it hopefully all the footage
visited I think and he had handed it to
me originally but then I handed it back
to him it's one of those scary moments
where you're like oh I don't have my
camera yeah you always have on you all
the time and there she blows nestled in
the seat in that funny all right so
here's everything I got I got these cute
little small tiny spoons that are good
that are like nice and soft for his gums
and then I got these cute tiny little
bowls just to help with like putting the
food in him and they actually come with
really cool tops that that we can't fill
so much and they have a
and whatever and I got some sippy cups
one of these two B cups is actually a
straw type thing oh I don't know I think
we're just going to experiment today and
see what we kind of want to play with
here's my avocado okay babe are you yeah
it's not that bad it's okay it's okay
it's okay
okay okay it's not that bad
I really fun that I did okay you guys we
even got a new night from KitchenAid and
it's funny cuz a subscriber actually
gave us okay these are like $100 guys
and we got it for $29.99 cuz the
subscriber tipped us off yeah thank you
yeah thank you for buying a gift my eyes
I cut my wife's finger up stupid I like
I'm making my child's food yeah I'm
cutting myself with knives for style all
right take two yeah let's not
you only got nine more fingers left okay
all right yeah I'm caught over there and
now we're gonna add some magic mook do
ya I prayed anger huh you're coping so
well with this Missy you don't think you
are I mean I am but inside I'm crying
it's like guacamole a little salt and
pepper occasion hi
here is guacamole alla breastmilk style
you ready
mmm house really good avocado flavor
baby I was a good avocado we are gonna
start with the pureed food and go baby's
first food
like what is that
what do you think like what you just put
in my mouth
yaaaay yeah a little bit more
it gave us a smile you're not really
eating anything ok let's try with a
solid piece of avocado and see him cope
going right for it and he's making gonna
just make ah okay dude more avocado less
hand okay we decided to put a ton on the
trade now it's just get use like how
much can I cover with us
avocado alright well now it's that time
yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum
yum
dum-dum-dum
oh my gosh I never knew a kid could be
so messy I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not
my mom all right
quick bath in the sink now getting hosed
down like me after eat a bunch of wings
this is happening I don't understand how
he got it this filthy you can't eat your
first food and crawl in one day that's
too much see him get in there he really
wants it yeah he's like Corvette I
missed you
he's army crawling yeah
one going
oh it's done way too much today he
literally crawled and ate food and you
didn't crawl okay he army crawled my
finger hurts really badly like now just
like you can't like even like press on
it because it feels like your fingers
are gonna split in half because it kind
of is split in half really uncomfortable
and painful crazy story so a lot of
people in the comments into yesterday's
vlog is saying how Oliver says mama he's
kind of like babbling but he goes mom
nah like that right and it's so funny
because when I was recording that me and
my mom are sitting next to him and we
both heard it and I even was like oh my
gosh did he just say mom but I was
vlogging at the time and so I didn't
stop and I it's kind of like you don't
ever like for me I didn't really
register it because he's he mumbles a
lying like says a lot of things but at
the time I was like mama did he just say
mama uh maybe that was mama and he's
actually been doing it a lot today whoo
just finished editing at Missy's video
which will be up on her channel now she
did video with her friend Kelsey while
we were on vacation and then Kelsey also
did a video on her channel so if you
guys want to check that out I'll have
those linked below
but I'm like finally getting caught up
on work after being on vacation he's
pretty exhausted which makes sense
because you passed like five different
milestones today oh and then he was
doing this earlier um I was going and
then he started trying to do it he was
like couldn't do it but he was trying so
he's mimicking a lot now I don't know
what's happening literally he turned six
months old and then he was like I can do
anything hanging out in his duckie
duckie so cool yes it is Holly you
trying to go swimming I think we should
take him to swimming lessons Oh swimming
lessons this month so to do that he's
putting his face in the water and so I'm
like oh boy bubbles there he goes
all right we got this kid to sleep hm
thumbs up if I made you guys yawn just
now I bet I did anyway
oh we got all I just sleep um we're
gonna go ahead and end the vlog
cuz it's late and I got stuff to do oh I
did want to let you guys know now that
we passed our first year if you
noticed on the end slate I have put what
we were doing one year ago so because
obviously today it was I not date today
today is January 28th so on the end
slate if you click the one year button
it'll tell you what we are or you'll go
to the vlog that we were doing last year
on January 28th so here's what you guys
should do when the vlog ends click that
go to that vlog and then leave in the
comments I was sent here by and then
punching the vlog title of today's vlog
and I think that'd be really cool I want
to see how many people are doing that in
the comments where should we go on
vacation next I really enjoy San
Francisco I'd love to do like another
cool family touristy thing I was seeking
Las Vegas so let me know in the comments
and we will see you guys tomorrow bye
pretty stinkin massive you guys look at
this tree really dirty and gross
