oh my gosh you guys the craziest thing
just happened
bang Missy and I are freaking out oli is
just getting up from a nap let's go say
hi
things like pink for the bum yeah very
nice of you
this is our sign baby boy is going to do
amazing things
mister on your face hi and so that was
quite a nap you had there huh so Missy
put him down for a nap at like what was
12:05 we want to do like noon so he fell
asleep at 12:05 and he had been sleeping
and it is now 138 in our net oh my god
he's so rested and happy I bet I'm so
much happier throughout the day oh and
maybe even he'll sleep better tonight
when we put him to sleep so so the trick
is if you guys watch yesterday's vlog we
um oh okay first well last night last
night he fell asleep to Katy Perry and
we had it under the crib watch out boy
what Joe we had it on the iPad under the
crib and um but we felt kind of weird
about it we were like I don't know is
this gonna turn our kids brain to mush
if he's just listening to roar on repeat
it can't
I cannot cope with Katy Perry going it
on repeat underneath his bed he just
keeps roaring and roaring all night long
under him but he likes it I mean it
can't be any worse than like a lullaby
can it that's why the halogen it's such
a high beam it's like and literally
Missy and I were going crazy we're
laying in bed and we have the monitor
next to us and we're like whoa
oh yeah hear me roar it's light just
enough to make you go crazy it's like
yes like okay we've been listening to
this song for like four hours
um so yeah last night he did really good
at one o'clock I found I was like I'm I
cannot fit that I could not listen as
long more time so we put on baby we love
us
yeah we put on baby little bites but
that lasted for about a half hour so he
slept from what like nine o'clock to
nine to about 130 130 in his crib and
then Missy was having a mental breakdown
having emotion like I was about to cry I
was so upset you crib I'm gonna have a
hard time and he probably would I bet if
you had fed him at 1:30 and put him back
in his crib he would have slept if I
wanted it right if I wanted him to I
could have probably made yeah but I just
couldn't really sit so yeah but we found
the perfect recipe so this is the thing
Missy mentioned yesterday it's called um
my baby and it's got all different sorts
or sounds ten bucks and based or private
or about do yeah yeah yeah so it's got
is that volume he's got a heartbeat
that's creepy I know it is and then
what's this one twinkly like I think
that's outside boys
okay that's a little eyes
and then ocean so what was it on this
one all night yeah so he likes the just
the white noise yeah and so that mixed
with Katy Perry or some kind of music
and look at the iPad is is plugged in so
it won't lose charge and it's right
under his crib it's up about half way so
it's like two feet from him and we would
just see him like struggle for a little
bit and then I think he'd hear it and
he'd like he knows that it's sleep
putting himself back to sleep yeah
that's pretty awesome an hour and a half
do you just look for an hour and a half
an hour and a half
buddy huh you today so active can you
play with Daddy now
mm-hmm thanks play Hey Oh
my little monster looking fella but
Nomos gonna but yep monster in the back
see the monster on the bus oh there yeah
I gotta find the monster but what are
you right away yeah I'm wide awake and
oh yeah oh I'm I do it really should
play that when he wakes up you have time
to fall asleep and it's time to wake up
oh oh yeah karma he's like whatever can
I sleep in the cold sleeper now you guys
want to say I wonder if he can get him
in the crib with him ya know I really am
kind of like debating putting karma and
the Costa Rica's Bryan isn't want him
sleeping in our bed so karma can just
sleep next to me and then are sleeping
in our baby's bed come on
no it he went sleeping it anymore I
don't know hi did you have an 18 yeah
kills me so much happier and like you
know they say like a well-rested baby
yeah looks better than yeah baby
you look so cute yeah and now um I think
now that he's rolling over I think he
sleeps better too because he can go do
whatever you want so if he wants to roll
to his belly he can if he wants to roll
to his back he can
um he now has more control so I think
he's sleeping better because he was
actually literally flipping from side to
side last night and good falling back to
sleep like he was finding a different
position that he was more comfortable
and then going back to bed so that's
pretty awesome so yeah we found it yeah
aggressive pain I can always sleep he
was so happy right now though he was
like he's in such a good mood we're
gonna go up play some kinda thought on
monkeys he is not playing that game I am
NOT a fan of I came at all you guys it's
so fun
well he's not playing that game oh yeah
I'll just put his finger on the trigger
button heaven know every time he wants
to being paid karma karma will play huh
hey I've been playing with a lot of you
guys on ps3 yeah I just told me that my
friend list is got a max of a hundred
people
oh so I was like uh did it you're
getting close to uh yeah but I've added
so many people yeah he's got like a
million friend request he's trying to go
through them um but if he runs out then
he's only he's gonna have to like no
he's gonna have to go through and make
sure that everyone that's on his friend
list is playing or something or yeah
yeah look at this you guys people get in
there DB swaggin yes mark so cute okay I
know it so uh you know our like nautical
- oh my gosh that's so funny
hang on focus there there that's cool
yeah so what we're gonna have to do
though is we're gonna have to set up a
day we should do it on our one-year vlog
bursary farewell block over Surrey one
day where everyone puts on their daily
bumps March and Michael goes out and
does something because there's like
60,000 people are subscribed to us yeah
almost like 50,000 in the United States
so that's like 10,000 no that's like a
thousand people in every state Hey so
you bound to run into someone right do
you think ever maybe that's a boson so I
think on day 365 y'all should wear your
shirts
and then we had you given the date is it
January 27th Oh we'd have to give you
the date welcome over 26 because that's
when we started the vlogs
oh is it but it yeah well June 7th
it was up on the 27th but yeah okay
very confusing yeah on day 365 someone
let me know what day that is in the
comments everyone wear your daily bumps
shirts and go out in public and just see
if you can run into anyone and I want
pictures I want pictures tweeted to me
yeah you guys running into each other I
think that would be just the coolest
thing the internet bringing us together
you know we're gonna wear ours right
well actually be we'll be traveling it
will be in another city so maybe you'll
see us in another city we'll be
traveling and will wear our daily bums
merch on that day so if we run into any
of you guys that we wanna be so cool any
babe it's just like showing like you
guys all watch these videos but you are
all like tens of thousands of people
scattered all over the world you know
and I think would just be so cool if you
like actually bump in to one another is
your boyfriend yeah like a bumper hey
bump in I just got that that's really
funny yeah so let's do that let's do
that you guys thank the 13th for you so
tomorrow's the last day if you guys want
to get merch for 20% off use the code
money 20 daily bomb smart calm go order
a shirt so you have it by the time of
day 365 we need a hashtag for this
hashtag well to work on it like go oh
how about DB friend swag cuz we're all
friends and we you're gonna make new
friends by wearing your daily bumps well
any friend maybe friend swag you guys
day 365 who's excited oh my god maybe
you should do hashtag do it 365 in there
no okay fine it's too long the house
really ideas it's too long of a hashtag
yeah you're right
all right but we're gonna go I can't
believe this guy slept for an hour and a
half you're so stinking cool you know
that bro you took a lot of work okay
I've been struggling with him for a
while but it actually worked
oh and don't forget to vote for Brian
the shorter you are yeah the Shorty
Awards and miss you put up an awesome
video today on her channel I'll have a
link below go check it out
get today's video thumbs up and we'll
see you guys tomorrow see you guys
tomorrow so you've gotten
hey can you see by see by waving shot my
wedding
hi guys Missy here last night Oliver and
sleep at all he was just crying so right
now he's sleeping and Brian's out
getting the car warmed up so we can go
to all garden to eat chicken uki soup um
so let's go with that Oliver who's
sleeping oh he's just so cute
um oh my god you guys are just so cute
karma karma
okay guys right now making pizza looks
really good look at it you guys
it looks so Nami right now I mean I
could eat this right now I'm making maxi
making hot chocolate right after this in
my cure egg and oh wait hold on karma
karma hi Karma
hi Karma anyway it just looks so good
tastes so delicious you guys mmm you
should be here hey guys um Oliver wasn't
feeling good so I'm gonna go out and get
me and Missy some lunch did you say
lunch um was that Usami
did you say lunch yeah oh you know what
I like for lunch
I don't know zombie what do you like for
lunch I like brains
well zombie that's not very nice you
know the people and stuff what do you
think you guys know mouths mom have
chosen to live our life to its fullest
and it's awesome and it
I guess we all go to lunch together
Mikey what up dude what up why do you
cheat
he always cheating he's always perfect
right Carla who comes and then food
comes he's like screaming and crying
looking he's trying to steal my sandwich
don't steal my sandwich bro no no Polly
has a french fry what is he doing with
that Papa huh you should get like a
weapon
he's bludgeoning people with it at least
he knows he's not supposed to eat it
yeah let's get that there we go I really
want to hold on it's going to be mashed
potato pretty soon what are you doing
Carla
