just gone shoes and if you get this
happened today her shoe broke they're
perfect one of it's like a Cinderella
Missy yeah look it it's two perfectly
fine shoes why don't you want to put on
the shoes is it cold
are you doing real change type of me
this off Sunday
boy he's gonna do amazing things good
morning good morning Holly pop you
wearing your monkey hat you ready for an
exciting day another exciting day let's
go let's go let's go good morning you
guys and welcome to day one of year two
daily vlogs we just finished year one
you guys can go watch the last day
yesterday and if you guys haven't seen
the year 1 montage you definitely need
to go check that out I'll have that link
below as well please go watch the
montage click thumbs up share it with
your friends if you've been enjoying
what we're doing this morning we are
headed across this huge massive thing
called the Golden Gate Bridge look how
beautiful this is you guys it's crazy I
don't think I can say anything
it's always a joke like I did really
it's just so big like he's don't that's
what she said
I'm so tired of that joke like seriously
though it's so big like I just would
have never thought like
like someone could build this we
literally were the last people on the
boat you guys we're like he wasn't
closing the gate it hounds running
toward it because I kind of these people
possession they was closed in like you
are like I can't believe you made it so
we are on the Alcatraz ferry and we are
at it's unattractive the footsteps of
America's most dangerous criminals I can
are sick if you get cars in future
we're off
as the Bay Bridge
Golden Gate Bridge over here on this
side
clothes gear there's the island see
right there
bitches please do not hey this guy's
been such a bad boy
we're taking you to Alcatraz you're
staying there understand yeah like I'm
smiling but I'm also chewing on the Ergo
while they're sitting up there baby we
could have got on the top of the Pope
yeah heavy nice she was standing on the
benches yeah pick this out you guys kind
of creepy huh
number five Alcatraz prison rules and
regulations you are entitled to food
clothing shelter and medical attention
anything else you get is a privilege on
a climb not thing I don't think they'll
let me go back to that's a guard tower
baby this is really scary for Halloween
oh I don't know maybe I bet they do
freaky this is
oh yeah do you like Al Capone
Al Capone watch this do you know right
so weird when you come out of that like
dark cellar like thing and then you
there's like the ocean they're out there
oh wait I see it it's like there was
actually like families that lived on
this island that while it was a prison
and they would take the boat to school
every day and then they come back to the
island and they like lived on this
island like I mean they claimed it was
like really peaceful and it was nice
because it was like a nice quiet island
but that's like that's freaky raising a
family with like very notorious
criminals you know I mean and I was also
oh look at this babe
it was also political activism during
the 60s and it was inhabited by American
Indians for the longest time look at
that to say peace and freedom welcome
home of the free Indian lands we've got
beanies on he's not too happy about it
though why isn't you happy you look
adorbs look at that so we are now kind
of touring the island let me tell you
there's some major pills pills it's
pretty bad it's just like at the mall
babe this is a actual prison I guess
right Oh in there yeah jail cells and
stuff yeah for the 20 pound baby on me
it's a good workout that water tower
yeah really cool the Indians
climbed that the American Indians
climbed that and tagged that up there
yeah because they wanted to make this
Indian land it's just really cool oh
yeah you know what I mean yeah there's
like old history in there new history
yeah pretty interesting here this is
pretty small babe
they did go crazy solitary confinement
that's crazy
going there imagine like a bad bad man
peeing in the corner here this is
solitaires crazy he's talking about a
game we're taking an audio tour nearing
what a game used to play with a button
and he would throw it and he would
literally crawl around in the dark
looking for the vine and then when he
found it he throw it in and just look
that's how they spent time in here you
guys
it's we're outside now and look at the
city is literally a mile away and never
seen the city look like that that's so
cool get all those those four streets
all right we're leaving Alcatraz and
we're headed back to the city getting on
the ferry it was kind of fun I think
it's like the funnest part though right
yeah
school is huge Humber and that's a lot
bigger than the one we can yeah a lazy
high what are we doing are we going our
boberry I just see Brian's taking over
I'm holding jackets and stuff oh is cool
oh that's cool too
there's the city when you see he loves
it just got off the ferry and it's so
funny because everyone who sees Oliver
instantly like starts interacting with
him and like tickling him and he blows
raspberries at them and honey he's such
a social baby yeah like I don't know
like he did not afraid of anything thank
you he's just like hi yeah actually
headed back to the house to pick up
calcium Corbin and then we're coming
into the city to do some fun stuff we
are on a mission literally we're headed
to mission and the mission district is
huge in San Francisco for burritos
there's like 30 different breed of
places on this one Street and I saw I
heard about the street like four years
ago and I'm like I want to get a burrito
from the mission in San Francisco so
that's what we're doing we got Kelsey in
Corbin and we're headed there you guys
I'm at like burrito heaven right now
look there's even a guy singing about
burritos right there
Oh
you
that's amazing so mean Corbin are
standing outside this burrito place
waiting for Brian and Kelsey get a
burrito and
it's really weird so just to give you an
idea of like the area this place smells
like one the aftermath of the burrito
yeah into
just pee it smells like straight-up pee
oh come on just be yeah I did just know
look at this you guys this is a mission
burrito from San Francisco and pretty
much all of my crazy boyhood dreams are
coming true I totally saw I saw a
special about burritos in the Mission
District in San Francisco and I can't
believe like this is that I can't
believe this real life is this real life
this is gonna last for it it's not gonna
last forever you guys already have we
done so we are in downtown San Fran look
at these buildings you guys could be in
one part town that's like disgusting and
like scary and then you end up in a
place like this where it's like clean
and pretty and their buildings are big
and not falling apart so different but
yeah this big building like that you
could literally sleep anywhere it's
amazing
we had this little window just spy on
him by he's sleeping now he needs to
neither than that yeah look I just found
you guys
that's interesting does anyone know what
that is leave in the comments if you do
it's on this very tall pedal stool these
elevators on the outside of the building
what do you see that just gone shoes and
if you get this this happened today her
shoe broke they're perfect one of it's
like a Cinderella Missy yeah look it
it's two perfectly fine shoes why don't
you want to put on the shoes busy look
at the ground of sparkles oh cool it is
how you do a stroller on escalator
didn't 101 actually you're not supposed
to do this don't do this oh we're at the
mall and we just left Missy with Kelsey
because they're gonna go try on wedding
dresses but look at this you guys this
is the mall and that's the rest of them
all it's not stripping this is all
Nordstrom this is all Nordstrom yeah
what the Frick you guys I just found the
coolest youtuber check it out on this
big screen what who is that more that
let's watch something
get one montage it's already had a
thousand likes you guys we just released
this like what an hour ago
man that's freaking awesome
just say it
look at all your guys's comments look at
that so cool a lot of people crying
which is awesome they're happy to see
you guys happy tears what do you think
Holly baby here he's like oh my gosh I'm
famous I see is still trying on dresses
with Kelsey so this is happening phone's
dead being Kelsey's cousin I'm trying on
dresses she was trying on her wedding
dresses which was so cool it was so cool
gay be like in wedding dresses
it was fun but I could feel like we were
kind of rushed yes I do I do I feel like
we could have had like way more fun if
we had more time but AM pain yeah
champagne champagne it's like on display
we're gonna get on the trolley we're
gonna go that's cool trolley are you
cited is it broken
is that guy literally pushing it
more importantly this is breast feeding
on a trolley it gotta be the coolest way
to murder breakfast yeah what's wrong
baby
oh snap I wanna try
sighing you can't talk now I did I know
returning so
there is a lot of chocolate here amazing
it smells so good in here you guys this
is Ghirardelli Square here deli famous
chocolate oh my gosh you guys
hey cute synchro
do you want to just take a bath in that
right now
yeah that looks good look at us you guys
that is not who
check out this we got a brownie sundae
and we're just gonna split it but it's
got here daily browning your daily ice
cream Ghirardelli chocolate
and all he gets to watch a seated
aftermath alright so we just took a
cable car back to where we were we
literally just took that to eat
chocolate you understand that right but
that was such an experience I know who
are having such an adventure you guys so
now we're going let me just shut up
no there's in the more station we just
got up oh we're headed back to the car
and then we're gonna grab some dinner
a little italy in san francisco a ton of
people told us that we need to go here
and it's pretty much like crazy it
smells like garlic right in the air it's
insane it's just like in the aroma it's
just yeah we got all he's sleeping over
that he's such a good baby you guys he's
just like throwing away my like yay cuz
we're hungry Missy is about to try
something new this is bread and shifted
in balsamic vinaigrette it's sweet
little Ali's awake thing always is right
before dinner comes why are we in Italy
I want to be home we're headed home at
this place called calzone s and I got a
Cal Sonic so I say I think that's
official right come try to be fancy okay
it's actually a Philly steak and cheese
it's so good like the crust in the or
the dough is perfect and I miss you got
this chicken alfredo and it's the second
place they've served like these wide
noodles so we're thinking they're almost
homemade and it's like real like roasted
chicken like amazing back home and
Missy's put knowledge asleep but I hope
you guys enjoyed today's vlog please go
sup to this guy steps to wanna sub to us
anyway go sub to that and they're
awesome they're putting out daily vlogs
from their trip in San Francisco with us
go watch the one year montage video I
think it's a like - it's over 2,000
likes already thank you guys so much for
all the love on that please go watch it
thumbs it up if you haven't share it
favourite it all that good stuff spread
the word you guys are so awesome thank
you for an awesome day tomorrow's our
last day in San Francisco but I think
we're gonna try and jam pack it again
and so we'll see you then bye people
came from as far as Texas
I was crazy cool crazy girl you know we
uh my gosh the years so much for coming
to this crazy
yeah
