about hey Holly Holly Oliver Oliver hey
hey kid
baby baby lollipop
Oliver Holly baby ollie hey cute thing
oh hi of course you respond to that huh
is it cold
are you doing here changes diaper for me
this is our son baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things
good morning how's it going little dude
you trying to bring your foot to your
mouth you wanna eat it
you gotta get that patty out first all
right quit being the lazy bug get outta
bed go on
do you have to go to school or something
look at this you guys
he dropped his binky just out of reach
and he's trying to get it oh oh oh look
at that he was really trying gonna get
it oh oh oh you got it that was pretty
good good money guys guess what day it
is
it's hope dude I ain't coming you pooped
in right making some coffee
and what hi good morning Karma good
morning karma
good morning karma every morning I come
in here and make my coffee and then
jumps on me and gives me a hug just how
it works
this morning I'm gonna put this bad boy
together it's a sounds and lights Walker
that's it it's a walker
we just want Oliver to go straight from
rolling over to walking right no but I'm
gonna put this thing together and see
how he likes it
likes moving grooving they had it cars
one that was really cool those on sell
for the same price but this one actually
has like lights and sound stuff so we
decided to get this one instead I'm not
really digging the green the blue but
that's all I have I need you grab it
come on come got mint take it upstairs
come on you start carrying your weight
in this family no I think all these a
little bit tired so I got him a bottle
ready I'm gonna go I'm gonna go rock you
so you can go to sleep okay and this
ladies and gentlemen is how it's done
got him down for a nap it says it's 21
degrees Celsius in there babe
how do I work this thing this thing is
like complex yo it really is look at
it's like okay temperature oh I thought
it fixed it it's 69 degrees in there oh
it is I think the window might be
cracked a little but he's sleeping away
and now I'm going to tuckle this thing
so when he wakes up I can put him in it
and he can drive around I'd be like his
first car
voila dang I'm just on my game today you
guys that was actually not that hard to
put together karma you want to get it
come here come on get Missy girl come on
get the seat come on come on get the
seat come on get Missy we're actually
gonna put oli in it and then teach karma
to push the back with his nose we can
finish a howl here I think we have a
wake baby
oh he's rolling all over the place in
here ahh are you awake what do you have
over here ah he didn't rolling all
around
yeah did you have a nice nap oh ok
someone wants to say hi hi did you have
a good nap all right let's get up cake
look what I did guys so we were just
putting the monitor in the crib with him
which was annoying because if he like
rolls and you all of a sudden can't see
him and also it's probably not like the
safest to have a monitor in there with
him where he could like grab it and
stuff and so I figured out how to mount
it on the wall so it's pretty stinkin
cool it's really mounted on there nicely
and it looked right down at him and I
can see him basically throughout the
entire crib so if he starts rolling her
all around which he was definitely doing
during that time just move it around too
so it's really cool really happy with
that I was like a little hook kind of
made on the monitor so that it's made to
actually you know mount onto walls like
that so I'm sort of thinking cool and
you find a better way for this cord
though then you get an extension cord to
go to here and then plug it in like down
there so the crib is starting to get a
little too small though
I never I got some mini crib originally
because um we we were in like the that
one bedroom and the bedroom was really
big and so I had plenty of room for him
on his side but it didn't have plenty of
room for a normal-sized crib but now
they has his own room and we are
probably going to start on moving him to
his room eventually pause in the next
couple months I probably do want to get
like a bigger crib a normal-sized crib
for him because it just seems way too
small
what are you doing this let stay small
for you oh yeah look what we found
someone got him actually this before he
was born um and for six months and up
which you're almost six months so I
broke it out and got all kinds of fun
stuff his very first laptop please
playing with his laptop and he doesn't
even know it can you hit the storybook
it's right here alright you guys miss
he's going crazy she started a mission
and now I don't think she can stop I
pretty much can't stop this is a
disaster I don't I know so she's getting
stuff ready she's throwing it away
storing it away what are we doing what
are we doing in here
that's really close to me like I feel
like we never really finished decorating
his room and we kind of finished babe
you were nine months pregnant when we
decorated this thing we couldn't really
do it like what I'm saying is I didn't I
was nine months pregnant couldn't really
finish it finish it and then I had a
baby and I was like got the caterpillar
I want to see him pull it down cuz it
totally fallen him going put gone oh you
would these legs all over you now done
over on e legs all over alley
ah caterpillar hugs look at this
adorable shirt we also got from Sly Fox
it's like this little I don't know what
that is like a deer or I guess it would
be a young buck since the word is young
buck that would be a buck and we is a
deer a buck but like a boy a deer yeah I
know buck is a deer with
antlers does that mean a boy yeah
no dude those have antlers I don't know
every time you do this I say so everyone
yells at me in the comment doing why
you're so stupid
okay well anyways it's this cute little
raccoon head on it so cute all you just
love that you love your binky what you
want to hold this okay he like grabs it
onto it and drops it oh oh oh okay
we're going to stop recording now we
have been like so productive today we
doing so much and getting someone's done
that we actually press you lunch and
it's like 1:30 we are gonna go grab a
lunch and Ollie is being super good
being so so cute yes we're the binky has
given us a new child it's really create
is so calm and I hey what's up look an
you wrapping that fullscreen swag she's
actually you know it's a simple black
shirt but you look really cute in it
it's really comfortable actually I
didn't think I'm not a t-shirt girl I
don't wear a lot of t-shirts but this
one's pretty comfortable so I like it it
looks like it's choking you really Nick
yeah I didn't just cut him me neck in it
my grandma used to do that nah she used
to cut all the necks of her shirts I
think it's an old lady but you're
surrounded Chinese place and apparently
they have to see it's a Chinese buffet
de su she met me I think you okay I
think this one actually has Rafat watch
this I'm gonna go for it you ready
people to dip it
it's a little bit you read even yep I'm
scared
okay okay
never seen him do that before there was
something there something wrong I'm
gonna stick to the California rules no
these are good this is like a it's like
a crab rice and avocado
huh better what was in that it was like
really top and cold and I've never
didn't spit food out like you always do
eat nice this is what I got so what a
Chinese buffet and I have been to one of
these in forever I tell you when I was
little please do all the time with my
grandma
yeah I forget story about house and then
we'd walk home and then one time your
sister she didn't want her life and she
just stayed there I tend to sell saris
multiple guns so I guess I also do like
a Mongolian barbecue gear that's pretty
cool I miss you got like surf and turf
good shrimp and yeah I can watch them
like good makers like normally out of
town I just feel weird when I grab food
that's been sitting off for a while
yeah that's true that's good all these
not enjoying themself he's like can we
play or go somewhere or see frozen you
want to see frozen this he wants to see
frozen
yeah we have a chocolate fountain you
guys suddenly life makes sense
I used to be a strawberry that's part of
Chinese food Missy what's your fortune
say look at Ali's speak the good ones
are like stars of your destiny dreams
are like stars of your destiny lame mine
was really weird to you guys it says do
what is right not what you should I feel
like it's very contradictory it's really
weird
there's a weird fortunes what's the
weirdest fortune you guys ever got let
me know in the comments Tomb Raider it's
where it's at you guys I've been playing
Tomb Raider and I got really really into
it a little dark in here huh huh we've
seen all year it's kind of trying to
take a nap but I've been really getting
into Tomb Raider and it's like it's like
the she's like the female version of
uncharted essentially well he's like the
male version of Tomb Raider because
2-meter came first I guess but yeah
anyway this game is pretty much amazing
and I'm trying not to waste my entire
day playing it already well right day
your first car your first ride bro what
do you think of that I like this in my
mouth DK of course he can't reach yeah
then you can send it come here boy come
here come inside come on wha you're
pushing a Lear a couple big Richie you
want a cheap boy
you can do it Olly I believe in you know
one leg at a time go
he has to move his arms at the same time
one legged one lady one oh there you go
now move that arm Oh most oh you gotta
move your arm rail to your face goes
into the carpet okay I move the other
one we are teaching our kid to crawl
okay ready
look at that shirt it looks like he's a
hipster with one of those really round
next yeah that kick out my pecs learn
the skills that mommy just taught you
about crawling no remember I told you
not to say all right
me not swimming oh he's like I could
roll over that enough come here come
here
there you go yeah yeah yeah I'm gonna
time there you go
reach reach wait you got a sterilized at
first you could just little monkey did
your monkey huh
really is turning into a monkey like he
just grabs on you and you ready here a
fur bed Brian's playing a game he's
playing something I probably would not
prefer but I also don't really care that
much
I usually don't care cuz I don't want to
hear it but I can hear right now and
they just said a bad word and I'm not
too impressed I don't know he just said
are you talking to his friend he said oh
I gotta go get the drugs I was like okay
I'm bad I'm done this is all this kid
does anymore is in his feet he's like
curled up in the bathtub
his feet you look pretty much adorable
he's also actually getting a little too
big for this tub but he's not like
sitting up yet so I'm still I wish um we
could do one of those little like chairs
that you put in the tub but I think they
were recalled so I don't think I can I
get really can't find one so if you guys
actually do have suggestions for other
ways for him to bathe other than and
just this little tub and more using this
tub but he can't sit up yet so if you're
destined to leave that in the comments
but for now he's going to continue to
eat his feet it was so funny he's doing
money like Missy told you guys I'm
playing Grand Theft Auto and I just
learned about the online mode like I was
able to do it and I had to go through
like a tutorial and everything and I was
talking to my buddy John on the phone
because we were gonna meet up but we
both hadn't done it so we had to do the
tutorial mode or whatever and so look at
this you guys this is me in Grand Theft
Auto I'm wearing a v-neck
the messy hair it looks like me doesn't
look like me you guys guys can add me
with my PSN which I'll put in the
description below and then we can play
games together I'll be cool and I think
someone actually might have been in the
game because I heard them say my name
and then I was like wait John is that
you excite was my friend and I think it
might have been one of you guys so if it
was let me know in the comments I'm
gonna go ahead and end the vlog
Oliver is having a rough time getting to
sleep so I'm gonna try and help me see
what I hope you guys enjoyed it be sure
to give it a thumbs up and I put a new
video out on my channel today what's on
my iPhone so go check it out the link is
below in the description we will see you
guys tomorrow bye pull it off you can
pull your sock off oh hello hello thank
you hi okay how about we not walk all
over everything yeah hey go bye
what does this sound here
