look at this nasty bu guys it's like
right outside the window and it's doing
like a dance dancin but really is it
really does look like he's dancing
like secretive um very nice of you this
is our tiny baby boy gonna do amazing
things
good morning guys look look I escaped I
escaped the house I got no wife
I got no kid just me in the open road no
actually I'm added to LA this morning I
have an 11 o'clock call time for maker
studios to film something really really
cool I do really really bad in driving
situations like this I usually miss he's
with me and she's like yelling at me
like get off on this exit no you missed
it good luck bow down we're gonna be
late I'm pretty confident in me driving
to LA you're going to LA yeah yeah
actually you guys see any celebrities
probably not I wonder what Jennifer
Aniston's Brandis one day good morning
everyone can say it Holly
big leagues he can't run smiled but then
he's like oh I'm shy we are getting up
for the day and get ready are we going
to have a very fun day today we have fun
Bryan left this morning for LA which I
gotta tell you I may seem like extremely
nervous this sounds so dumb but it's
like he's my husband and he's a grown
man but I don't know I just I hate when
he has to drive really far and I worry
about like directions cuz we usually are
go everywhere together and then I'm
usually the one they're like giving
directions and so if I'm not there I'm
like well who's gonna give you
directions
he has Siri yes but I don't know and
actually there's times especially when
you're in LA that like we literally
can't get service so then I have to take
like my map in my head and be like okay
go this way go this way but he doesn't
really have a map in his head and he
gets lost really easily I don't know it
makes you nervous but I'm sure he'll do
fine he's been playing with his toys
down there with Karma's been sitting
next to him watching him come here hi
give me kicked it oh geez oh geez II
could tell me kisses say something I'm
giving up on you sorry that I couldn't
get to you
I can song anywhere I would have
followed you I make a pretty good time I
think but I did get off on one wrong
exit I am now in traffic but yeah I
don't know I don't think Missy and I
would ever live in LA we love the town
we live in because it's still like a
small town and it's clean and you don't
go on the roads every day and think I
might die today driving on this road no
to me that's officially time for a nap
it's only 10:30 but he just seems really
tired hopefully you didn't sleep super
long but worst case I just have to wake
him up and put him in this in the car
seat that sound ding dong nurse and quit
Ania correction two wrong exits three
miles yeah I got him to sleep
yay now I gotta get some stuff daya
finish my hair and make the bed and
clean up the room and do some laundry
and these days asleep I just I'll move I
do have a Katy Perry on it just works
everyone small I have to play it luckily
I don't play a lot but sometimes like
when he's just really Restless I swear
it's a it's a lullaby to him as soon as
he hears a he just like oh I'm like
you're a crazy kid but whatever all
right this is Chris you guys I am in a
laboratory right now
as you can tell no but for the Internet
shock was they gotta hook me up to EKGs
and basically make sure I'm alive right
that's right make sure my heart's not
gonna explode exactly when you get shot
for the dog collar feel like I'm
Wolverine or something like in the x-men
transporter right now it's so funny
because um I'm just cleaning up and
stuff but Oliver is sleeping like
soundly I mean he's like he's very
asleep because remember last night he
was like tossing turning how's her he
hasn't tossed and turned it all like
he's he's out like a light
okay but I gotta go and like faithful I
had gone like 30 minutes but I gotta get
him ready so I I think I'm gonna have to
wake him up again and it always like
happens on the day that like I can't let
him sleep that long that's when he wants
to sleep for an hour and a half but the
days that I'm like please sleep sleep
sleep sleep
doesn't he's like 15 20 minutes he is
still in the exact same position and
just sleeping away I do not want to have
to wake him up but I think I'm gonna
have to but I guess we'll see bad things
happen here you guys they hooked this
dog this guy right here he hooks this
dog collar up to me where is it this
thing have you have you tried it have
you pulled what I'm in enough okay all
right shocks okay I don't want that
things happened in here you guys well
look who's awake and just in time
actually sick I missed all mean is
cookin ah good morning
do you have a knife yeah yeah you said
good he's so funny you get out and get
ready you drilled a lot on this thing
all right we're all ready to go huh mr.
new hippo huh you're gonna pull it and
then it vibrates not fun I think he's
probably gonna take the rest of his nap
in the car
stupid baby gate we have big gates
everywhere but mostly kids are the dogs
but I love to take him down all he's
doing crawling soon and then we're just
gonna have to put the gates back up some
anybody had to pull that you gotta grab
on grab on to it I'm gonna grab it
Rhydian ah okay you just you just hit it
that sounds good too that's pretty fun
huh
that is where I got shocked you guys
check it out like crazy it was like a
game show and every time you got a
question wrong they shocked the crap out
of you so I'll let you guys know my
episode goes live but that was really
really fun I did pass by a nice Peter
who's one half of epic Rap Battles of
History but in my head I was like nice
Nick nice Chris I couldn't remember
so I didn't say hi but uh that was cool
experience fun I was just gonna vlog
because he was asleep and he was I was
telling it like I was going to say that
he was gonna probably take the rest was
hey I was saying that he's probably take
the rest of his nap in his car see so I
was gonna show you him asleep but then
he just like looked over at me I was
like nope I'm like all right guys now
I'm headed into Beverly Hills PC it
that's Beverly Hills right there you
guys see the sign even says
I'm actually headed to Sunset Boulevard
in Beverly Hills because they just
opened up the very first ever burrito
vending machine and a ton of you guys
have sent me the link and I've been so
excited and I'm actually closed so I'm
gonna go check it out and actually I'm
gonna do a review for my channel so if
you guys want to see that head over to
my channel I'll have a link below in the
description so you guys can watch the
video and we're basically review one of
these burritos and show you what the
heck it's all about sounds crazy right
how good can a burrito be from a vending
machine we're gonna say wha I got my
hair then it's very curly I really like
it it's like much more blonde you guys
look at I'm going from mondo blender um
but yeah we just want to do it slowly
and I feel like I'm like really reaching
that blonde look that I was like going
for um but then she also curled it for
me which i think looks really pretty and
I think I'm definitely gonna need to get
a I think she was calling it like a wand
oh yeah yeah I think I need to get a
curling one because this looks pretty
cool and it was really easy to do whoo I
just got home my back seriously hurts
from driving so fall from sitting in the
car for like two hours laughs but I had
fun in LA I mean really really excited
to see the show they said it should be a
couple weeks so I'm gonna get some work
done is he still at home she's getting
her her date I guess come on done miss
my son and see my son hardly at all
today
look at this nasty be you guys it's like
right outside the window and it's doing
like a dance dancin but she's really is
it going really does look like he's
dancing this day I can let me see the
stinger looking out of its butt gotta go
here we go beyond for a ride
hang on tight
so we're it's like oh crap oh crap I'll
be taking on yeah you know she's gonna
fly away oh and the red light just let
me thank you hard you know you could fly
right hey , did you miss me oh I shocked
you
yeah not as bad as I was shocked today
ooh
you are dirty Jeff you gotta go outside
cause I kid but you are dirty look out
he's got dirt all over him what are you
doing silly dog he's gonna need a be a
th he's like no I noticed of it no
you're dirty he shook on the couch and
got stuff everywhere all knows Oh nose
look at this little cutie hey buddy I
haven't seen him all day
he's like really out put lip oh wait
good put that lip wait wait get new but
wait put that lip away hey hottie with a
body what are you doing like your hair
yeah yeah
hey good yeah I need a wand a wand yes
there's always something that a woman
needs you guys always something they're
never happy
you're never happy do you remember me
yeah oh yeah daddy mm-hmm now whenever
we change his diaper he loves to roll
around like he literally just rolls to
his belly and I'm like dude I can't
change your diaper
so we always had to give him a toy to
distract him distract him he's spinning
it again again I'm freaking out
not for not I'm so afraid right now like
I literally am like okay all right
I'm like sitting here about to cry I'm
so afraid
it only has teeth now and apparently he
just learned how to bite me and first he
bit me and I like literally was like oh
and I like oh sorry baby he's like
didn't bite you gosh we can find me okay
I'm sorry uh yes I I like freaked out
and I was like I put this outside no not
like okay I'm sorry did I just let me
latch and barely do it I think what I
feel like he's doing it cuz he's like
mad I don't know it's not mad at you
baby he's just experimenting cuz he has
a bit anything yes time he did it I was
like he was fussing a lot and I was like
here just what's the boobage just put
the boob in and then he just laid was
like I was like okay no boob and then he
just did it again
he was like fussing and then he just
aren't he was trying to pull away and I
was like no no no and then he just took
the tip of my nipple this bit
don't bite her son don't bite her no you
don't get it you don't get it
can anyone her late in the comments
baby's biting boobs I've been reading
like how to do it like I think sometimes
people say - just like replace it with a
pacifier and just like basically take
away the boob what happens like punish
him almost but more like I don't do that
you know I'm not and then also just
making him like keep nursing him like by
like almost smashing him in and say like
no we're also just kind of giving him
like a tap like no don't do that and
just release like your your first
reaction is oh my god get him off my
boobs yeah like it's not like okay don't
don't fight me he bit my finger in it
frickin hurt I know I know he can't
imagine exactly exactly bit my finger
early until I was like okay you're not
sucking on mommy's fingers anymore and
now he just bit my boobs he's crazy
look at em he just wants to grab and
kick and push and jump and run on
everything
yeah flour all over my face so we are
getting ready to leave for our vacation
in one we basically have one more day
left for you guys it's tomorrow yeah for
it tomorrow but today we will today
especially over in tomorrow just the
last day and the next day we leave so
anyways we're at Target getting finish
things up rubs bonnibel
oh gosh oh god oh no
okay yes oh my gosh I do I know how I'm
obsessively robed right now right I want
to buy more or find more of those plush
robes but I feel like they're all gone
why can't you be obsessive geez no way
shut up anyways um why are we in this
section I don't need anything in here
sure yeah you underwear how those do
look quite comfortable
am I right mommy's sexy leg I've been
wanting some of those Hey else do I want
to go chugga-chugga chugga-chugga
chugga-chugga do theirs go grab the boat
ollie
no I broke looks away from you to tack
it all he's like a giant sea monster
sees the boat and he goes yeah everyone
died I'm the true captain get get get
get the book get the book get the book
get the book get the book the label it
is you believe our thing you such a big
boy now and he takes a bow he just sits
up is really nice but at the same time
I'm like oh I remember when we had to
support you in the bath now you can do
it on his own
pretty soon he's not even gonna need us
missing I know he's gonna leave himself
in every way yeah physically and and
financially we got maybe 18 years take
it well you get the camera wet anyway I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog I'm
gonna go ahead and end it streaming it
all over to bed busy day busy day busy
day be sure to go watch my burrito box
review I'll have it linked below in the
description and I'll be sure that it's
public this time what's up face did you
hit yourself in the face is that part of
the boat that boat right there where
everyone's screaming for their life
the boat he's like I eat the boat I
didn't want to make a reminder that if
you guys are planning to go to the
meetup please RSVP and please try and
arrive early I've heard that the spot
we're going to can be pretty busy
sometimes Corbin let me know that also
sometimes there's hardly anyone there so
it's gonna be around noon he says that's
probably a good time but please try and
arrive 30 to 20 minutes early so that
you guys can be sure to get apart really
excited tomorrow gonna start getting
packed up and ready to go and then we're
off to San Francisco
Scooby crazy some rice-a-roni and I'm
actually pretty excited for the plane
ride thank you guys so much for watching
and we'll see you tomorrow fine so big
anyways my appointment went seriously
great I really I'm happy with everything
and now hey Ollie pop hey kiddo
what are you doing you're getting ready
to crawl over here to Daddy oh yeah I'm
gonna crawl over to Daddy no I know you
know how to roll over us while we're in
up a storm
