quick when I go sit down in nursing and
he's like really tired he just cakes
like he's like dad like okay
I think some of those okay this is our
Sunday good boy he's gonna do amazing
things
good morning guys I am up bright and
early and I'm pretty much exhausted I
was like so tired last night I barely
got any sleep but I also have a doctor
look Whitman today which I didn't really
want to go to because I was so tired by
the same time I'm really excited for it
so hopefully we'll get some good or
interesting news that you guys would
probably find out like all that
information in next week's video on my
channel yeah I'm headed to San Diego
with my mom and I've got Molly back here
Hey oh wait he's sleeping huh
yes we pretty much fell asleep like the
second we got in the car was just kind
of nice but I'm super bummed because
it's always happens because I get in the
car with my mom and we're in her car and
usually I have a stroller for him
but I have no stroller because I got
kicked out because they're like taking
things or they had to use their own
trunk you know and I don't even have a
carrier so I literally have to carry all
over with me tonight
take this the car seat is that thing is
freaking heavy and I'm not doing it it's
going to be so annoying luckily my mom's
here to help me but it's still going to
be so annoying to cut down my
appointment and it went seriously
awesome you guys I can't wait to tell
you guys all about it of course my arm
is cramping up because I'm holding this
guy forever he's so heavy now so big
this anyways my appointment went
seriously great I really am happy with
everything and now we're gonna hey Ollie
pop hey kiddo what are you doing you
getting ready to crawl over here to
Daddy
oh yeah I'm gonna crawl over to Daddy no
I know you know how to roll over
slobberin up a storm and help you out
I'll help you out with that help you out
with that
oh hey come here just come here just
come to Daddy just crawl come on I don't
know how there you go there you go he's
going up on his knees ah it's all closed
you guys she just got back from her
doctor's appointment and I took a very
long nap I was very much needed so I
feel very good and energized you the
lucky one mad at you for that your bag
is you had to get up early and drive to
San Diego just get up early beat up most
of the night with him like I say miss me
I don't have the boobies that's what he
wants huh Wow no hanging even yesterday
I showed you guys that we were doing the
beef jerky in the dehydrator and it
turned out so good yeah like we used to
have this old dehydrator and it took a
long time but this did not take very
long at all here's what it looks like so
gum this tastes like something that you
would like buy in a store you know what
I mean oh good huh okay good doing
boring adult things boring adult burns
boring adult things
Karma's helping me no he's not he's a
breath doing boring adult stuff boring
adult stuff boring adult stuff the house
longest sounds fun good I think it is
but all my laundry is clean now I got it
full
which is actually like probably the
worst part of it all even though
sometimes it's the part of motivating
yourself to just get it down the stairs
into the washer machine then you gotta
get back up the stairs folds all put it
away
Sparta's art oh but oh that would have
been funny thought of them really funny
but fell backwards was it Garvie see
clean water clean laundry so clean
laundry downstairs oh by the way
everyone keeps asking me when I'm doing
me such as laying bark
I still haven't opened it okay I have a
major self-control but we're gonna do
the video today it'll be up tomorrow
actually it's up today for you guys a
lot of people also asked me when all
about all he's gonna be up and that'll
be up next week for his six money turns
six months it'll be for his six month
all about ollie whoa that really wore me
out bringing this up here karma dark are
you ready to get in your car seat and
you're ready
hey that smile your dog gieok I think
he's might be learning to smile without
opening his entire mouth did you have
you noticed that Brian
so he's gritty like you starting to go
hmm is it a smile without opening your
mouth gritty maybe maybe he's exploring
a grin a venting discrim no me good ah
ah can you smile Vicki it's so cute
we had been so productive day so I
projected that I'll be Brian's like vlog
at all have you blocking it one time get
out of here this cute little toy we
opened up my Fitch's lame box all he
loves it although he's asleep so sleep
alright yeah he woke up from it yeah
just open this and he I will have so
many cool stuff for my citrus light box
I've been dying it to open that thing um
and so I just
on the video and so you guys go check it
out and see all the cute little toys we
got this month which was really fun and
I'm getting so excited about going to
San Francisco if you guys don't know
we're going to San Francisco this week
and I'm in like two days living in two
days oh my god I can't believe it's
coming so fast at the same time you're
like waiting forever for it and I'm so
looking forward to it it's like I don't
know how to explain it it's like the
first vacation that even mean you were
gonna take like a vacation like a
full-on touristy vacation where we're
gonna put on like a visor not really
wear a fanny pack and I'll walk around
San Francisco and I'm gonna sing the
full house song the entire trip the
entire tribe Brian full house is a whole
time maybe going with someone else you
guys should leave in the comments some
family-friendly things that we can do we
are going to be visiting Alcatraz which
I'm really excited about I really really
want to go to Mission Boulevard because
that's where like all the best burritos
is I saw that on the Food Network yeah
it's been a dream of mine to my head
literally can go to Mission Boulevard
and get a breed out telling me hey it
really has been he's been bugging me
about it forever so he really wants a
burrito I kind of a goose visit the
Ghirardelli place cuz that's where they
may get a dully as I say it ghetto da
get it doesn't get it delay oh wow so
fancy my vibe
uh yeah we're doing a meet-up it's gonna
be like crazy cool and I feel like we
need more than four days who's IDC
Kelsey and Corbin I feel like I just
miss them so much because you just I
don't know it's just family has been
forever since we first I know how has it
been two years so yeah leave the
comments below something some little
things that we can do around town or
like like if there's like cool little
treasures that not a lot of people know
about I definitely like that we can go
and visit and if you want to see on the
vlog to some yummy food places we love
food we're eating food up the yin-yang
yo hey kid I can't see you
remove your hippo
good morning come over here you wanna
come look at the fishies Walmart has
fish which I don't think you should buy
fish from Walmart but look at the
fishies cool ha these freaky looking
worms these freaky looking ones these
freaky looking worms
these ones are afraid of me look at
those cute little ones babies are all
different colors hello fishy hello
you're not supposed to tap on the glass
because have you ever watched a scene in
Finding Nemo where they tap on the glass
and they're like what happy place what
out the place time we got there hi baby
guys he's just getting too big it's like
ridiculous like he literally plays with
his toys he grabs things he oh he played
he chews on my leg you're not a dog yeah
like he seriously just like playing now
it's crazy and that's why actually the
stuff I got in my citrus lane box is
like perfect for his age like really fun
you know because you put things in front
of your kids like when they're little
they just kind of like stare at them and
now he like is starting to get
entertained by them like he actually
wants to play with stuff so it's really
cool fun and he really likes this great
stingray
that's a stingray ollie he won't start
chewing on my leg but then every time
you touched it I haven't shaved in a
while I'm gonna be honest I haven't
shaved just spent a couple days but you
know it's like that perk least a oh
there we go
you're like a little puppy dog oh oh
stingrays getting away hang on there you
go hey hey hey you're sufficient clean
hey hey hey you're so fresh and clean is
it okay that he's still wearing like his
winter pajamas it's pretty much it's
still winter technically I think
dates yeah winter it's like 85 degrees
here who weekend but this is so I wish I
had one of these like in my size it's so
comfortable okay baby you're ready for
bed I just got him all on a diaper and
got Amazon but look at this towel you
guys he has this awesome hooded towel
it's got a boat right there and then
it's even got his name on the back
that's so cool and I'm pretty sure a
subscriber sent us this a while ago and
it's so nice we just started using it
because he it's a big towel it's like a
normal sized towel it's like it yeah it
does it it's great because we can use it
now and you can use it amazed me there's
a lot of energy babies he gonna go are
you gonna speak tonight yeah that you
protesting yes who goes this is really
cool I just what that has his name on it
like I don't even have a towel that has
many a babe give me a towel with my name
on it
so there's Missy she's putting the baby
to sleep and I'm just sitting here
spying on hot chicks well just one hot
chick and a cute baby the bad leg doe
dang girl
Oliver is sleeping but basically he just
will not stop like turning his head
moving and stuff he's not in like a
boyish good sleep he has restless leg
syndrome yeah I think he I think he does
have restless leg syndrome actually real
quick when I just sit down in nurse him
and he's like really tired he just cakes
like like okay and then sometimes you
kick off the armrest so I'm like he's
just like flying I'm just gonna fly over
here now position myself into the prayer
position so that if he kicks in to like
kick himself into the other armrest yeah
well he's sleeping trying to get I'm
kind of okay we're gonna do some popcorn
we got yellow popping horn and we got a
couple flavors it's just normal yellow
popping corn and then we have an air
popper
and how much should I do about a half
this is so qui guys whoa wait what the
popcorn in there oh really from last
time it out I don't know guess it just
did I don't pop popcorn Ansem no you
can't hear caramel warm people walk on
no but like I bet you two girls in there
that no there isn't
they'll bail popped see but this thing
on and then my house it sold really yeah
plug it in and then it makes popcorn
there was popcorn AHA being says to
wander oh yeah our friends daily vlog
and they just did this and you know what
it did look really good actually the
next day I was like I'm making some
popcorn it's going look at it it's
activating have this popcorn
think it's really big and then explode
into the ball
fold really six-legged
so we split the popcorn Missy wants
butter so I here sold a little bit of
butter and then use some of this butter
seasoning which is really good my new I
don't know it's not a lot of flavor it
does to it I know you'll see we'll see
and then I got my popcorn here my
drizzle of butter J's a little butter
butter just a little butter butter
drizzle little bugger all right let's
take that and then I got this kettle
corn seasoning is it opening
no telephone is like kind of sweet right
it's like sweet and like I don't know it
always tastes like caramel e this looks
like pure sugar I'm gonna be honest none
not a thing I'm sure shape this baby
home looks so good
whoo you weren't even doing today is
busy doggy today huh how's it mmm good
no no I forgot
chai chai son oh do you like it okay try
hmm pretty dumb so we got popcorn
stopped Oreos family-sized he's
whispering because then if you see Oreo
too loud all the family members come
running check out this spread you guys
we got popcorn we got cookies we got
milk click thumbs up for making you
hungry we got this really sexy chick
what what are you doing Hey look at that
leg with those knees mmm look at the
baby sleeping yeah he's doing pretty
good fathers dad has his head move since
the last time we showed you I think so I
don't know but anyway we're gonna snack
on our grubby grubby snacky snacks and
watch a movie but I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog give it a thumbs up
and we'll see you tomorrow peace hi
love you there how good you guys do that
it's Brian's birthday and and we're
specially going to let you can fry and
would not let me get like 24 candles you
know like that's the thing like I are
twin for candles and it's the last year
that you can use only one box of candles
I think if there's a box of plays or
channels and you can use 24 channels on
a cake I have to all right fine I ask
you got the cake looks like boom there
we go ready to me a really happy
birthday to you happy birthday daddy
no nothing you didn't sing it all I
don't remember that when it's your
birthday
