good morning guys today marks the day
that I turn 24 years old I have six more
years to 30 Brian crazy I came up with
some things that are much different from
being 23 years old so I'm going to tell
them to you right now when I fill out a
form that asks for my age
instead of putting a 2 and a 3 I'm gonna
put a 2 and a 4 that's pretty much it
a bialy like last days oh you have to
get real here in a second huh and
frisbees huh doc you wanted this is our
son baby
boy do amazing things
good morning guys it is a absolutely
gorgeous beautiful Monday and it's
actually Martin Luther King Day and not
only is it Martin Luther King Day but
it's Brian's birthday guys but today
we're just going to like spoil him I
guess going to run and get him breakfast
which he usually does for me he always
goes and gets me breakfast whatever I
want and today I am gonna get him
breakfast he is just like he's pretty
much the best guy he spoils me and oli
all the time constantly so today he's
definitely get spoiled although he still
we're still going to be working and
doing stuff and so that tons to do I
think he's got a couple videos to edit
and we got one to film and so were
suddenly doing stuff but luckily it's
what we love and we don't really mind
doing it good morning buddy
hey hey guy chilling with Sophie he's
chilling with his girlfriend Sophie you
wanna yeah come on go you have my finger
I am watching Oliver and just getting
ready for the day Missy went to go get
me biscuits and gravy because that's
what I wanted for my birthday breakfast
what about you guys if it was your
birthday what would you request for
breakfast I'm not really a big breakfast
person but I love biscuits and gravy oh
I just did my hair with this uh Old
Spice Forge stuff have you guys heard of
this Old Spice is doing like hair stuff
now and it's like a high hold matte
finish and then what it's like putty
says putty but it's mostly like a almost
like a wax everyone always asked what I
use for my hair I'm using this right now
a little bit different than all the
other ones because it has a smell and so
my head smells like amazing smell it
smell it smell it you guys know I can
you're getting ready to send a tweet to
say happy birthday to Brian it's crazy
Brian seriously loves me and Oliver like
so much and that might seem cachet but
like he loves is he like seriously
spoils us all the time he works so hard
every single day just working and to
help support us and like make this
amazing future for us and it's just it's
ridiculous he's like this amazing guy
that I got way too spoiled with and I
just want to say that and say again
happy birthday to him but also I just
can't wait for a vacation San Francisco
because I just want to have so much fun
with him because I think that he
deserves it so much all he's going
through business is gravy no he does
this thing now where he hits the table
ms/ms bad woman that is when we can tell
me sir silence oh my god we are waiting
till after a vacation alright we'll
probably get back in I'm like super
afraid that's like our reward for going
on vacation is dealing with really poopy
diapers today she tweeted this picture
of me to say happy birthday I'll hold a
my there 20 20 years old but then I
realized oh hey we're wearing the same
shirt
it's a grieving v-neck like seriously
the same shirt I'm not funny
same shirt there was a baby in here who
just woke up from his nap good morning
again what's up buddy okay guy odd you
have a good nap he's off for an hour
that's pretty good because you're not
he's giving
mommy's taking a nap - I guys what are
you doing oh this is what we do on my
birthday apparently is take naps hello
oh thank you so much for remembering it
was Martin Luther King Day thank you
cool shirt hey oh who is that it's your
auntie
it's your aunt oh yeah he's always had
this exersaucer for like what how long
have you had it
how are you he's had it for also exactly
a month a month and it's so gross look
at all this stuff in here
not only is there's like hairs and stuff
but there's like spit up like I took
this damp look this you guys
that's all spit oven it's so gross so I
just could like some hot water and like
vinegar and I'm cleaning it up because
vinegar is really safe to use especially
on like baby toys um and it's just it's
so gross
okay so Missy just cleaned this thing
and this kid just ran up everyone really
he's like hey I heard that you just
cleans this so I'm just gonna make it
all dirty again
what are you doing out here is jolly you
enjoying a little bit of Sun playing
with karma karma teaching you how to
play frisbee huh gonna teach you how to
throw that frisbee so we had a full time
frisbee thrower I'm so excited I just
like walked over here to set his shoes
down and there they are
thank you Jesus because I really want to
take those to San Francisco I bought
these at Toys R Us T of the day I'm here
to remember but they're only like 4
bucks I still haven't put them on him so
I'm gonna put them on them right now all
right
officialy shoes going on babies is
stupid I'm over it
I tried for like ever but these shoes I
think they're too small but like like
they're they fit him but
almost to perfect his watch when I this
is what it looks like that seems like
really hard to put on his foot when it's
like the perfect fit kind of thing on my
4 bucks back stupid check this out you
guys we got a dehydrator yesterday we
did like a ton of dried fruits and stuff
I think these are apples but now we have
steak so we're doing like our own
homemade beef jerky so that's been
marinating overnight and put it in the
dehydrator and then it makes me jerky
it's pretty much amazing all of us doing
some major flirting you guys
you're just saying like how overnight it
was that he was like sitting up like you
know just of the day he was like falling
out of one of these now he's like
perfectly cool of this turning around
even having some birthday lunch at feed
up a got what we're getting wings they
actually got real wings I got adult
chicken nuggets which are these
essentially right my mouth's on fire
Jimmy's here by the way he's never here
say hi Jimmy you said how are you guys
that's huge I'm running into our sins
I'm grabbing Brian's cake that I ordered
he weren't a very specific kind and
although I don't think he expected me to
get it I did anyways cuz yeah yeah why
are you here he's giving me some eyes
behind his little pacifier but I'm
trying to get my video done for today
which is up right now go check it out
it's the Bertie Botts every flavour
beans challenge it's on my channel I'll
have a link below Austin and I pretty
much owned this challenge and we totally
tortured ourselves oh man but it's so
funny so definitely go check it out well
dang it I was so excited to get my cake
but apparently I ordered it from a
different Albertsons which means that I
don't really actually have time to go
get it because being me and Brian are
actually going to a movie in like 30
minutes
so I gotta get home and I can't even go
get my cake and I'm so bummed I feel
like such a loser
there's no how I did that funny video
with Siri on my channel like got a
couple weeks ago I asked her a question
gonna ask her again hey Siri do you love
me a Paki oh really
look a puppy she's trying to distract me
anyway we're going to see this movie
I've called her to Spike Jonze film and
I'm really really exciting someone to
see it for a while I just won like a ton
of awards and it's got like walking
Phoenix and Scarlett Johansson and it's
actually have you heard her voice like
it's really unique yeah it's kind of
sexy to be honest it's about this guy
who falls in love with his operating
system that he carries around with him
in his phone and like in his house and
stuff so I'm pretty always loved Spike
Jones films because they make you think
Missy doesn't know that but he also
directed where the wild things aren't
she hated that movie so she might
actually ate this movie and I just want
to say thank you so much to everyone
wishing me a happy birthday in
yesterday's comments and on twitter my
twitter has been going crazy like my
phone is almost dead because my
Twitter's been going crazy so thank you
guys so so much everyone's been sending
me like awesome tweets and like pictures
even like people are doing really cool
edits like like modern birthday cards
isn't that cool so cool so thank you so
much you guys
I love technology saving us from
standing in that huge long line Missy
and I just found a secret way out of the
movie theater whoo you did it
we got a movie theater and she was like
huh can we go this way can we go out
this way
what if this isn't right what if this is
wrong
yay whoo that was good babe you're so
smart okay guys uh here's the part two
of my story of the cake basically I went
to the first one it wasn't there and my
mom went to the other one you turn left
this slight wrong to the other one and
they're like we didn't make a cake for
Missy and apparently it's the one that
is the farthest away that's where your
cake is sitting it's lost we need to go
find it a home it's sitting there
waiting for its master to pick it up
yeah oh there's a cake with your name on
it but it's like really far away look at
all these cool cakes you guys this one's
shaped like a dragon did you get me that
one no okay we're gonna close spider-man
one or the little furry animal
it's so cool but you would never want to
cut into it because it sounds like a
little mini three kid no I'm sure you
did good babe all right how many hours
since did that take Missy three
Albertsons later gosh she has laid cake
oppose worth that much problem she's so
cute you guys look at this little girl
we're gonna run into produce sorry sorry
produce now Missy has to get her cake
well I have to celebrate your birthday
do hey did you guys know this when it's
other people's birthdays if they don't
have chocolate cake which I'm the
frosting Missy has to get a chocolate
cake with chocolate frosting we're
dating it feels so good I missed him I
went to movie my mom watched him it was
just like tripped over that all he got
daddy a little card for his birthday and
I thought well oh okay well actually
thinks of that it's hi it'd be fun to
watch him sign it so let's see how he
does good grab on the MS alright there
you go no don't grab your camera hey ah
into a heart anything else you just
stare at the camera I love you there
how good is you guys you deal with that
it's Brian's birthday and and we're
specially going to let you can fry would
not let me get like 24 candles let me
know like that's a thing like I art
we're candles and it's the last year
that you can use only one box of candles
I think if there's a box of twenty four
candles and you can use 24 pounds on a
cake I have to buy all right fine I
asked is what the cake looks like boom
here we go ready to me hey really happy
birthday to you happy birthday daddy
no nothing he didn't sing at all I don't
remember that when it's your birthday
wanna help me ollie
help me thank you mom hey oh oh no no no
no okay here we go around his mouth
Sarah thoughts we put him right next to
it okay you guys ready make a wish boom
where'd you ask for not telling you this
is to Daddy okay that means it's not
from me to Daddy
Holly calls me daddy so this is from
ollie yep you picked this out you picked
this out and he even used his hands to
sign it
Oh from daddy's little monster daddy at
times I may act like a little monster
but just remember I'm your little
monster and I love you
Oh signature you guy that's pretty dang
good buddy oh yeah good all right you're
good huh the cake yeah well here's the
thing it's only me
eating the specific right no one else no
one want this cake so I can literally
just take a bite it you know what it
could be like your first birthday you
can just you could just smash your face
into it
okay just a little bit okay could you
breathe there for a minute like I
suffocated yeah usually does that make a
great it's like your first birthday okay
can I get a napkin alright guys I hope
you enjoyed today's vlog please give it
a thumbs up and once again thank you for
all the birthday wishes if you guys
didn't know in yesterday's vlog we
announced we're going to San Francisco
this weekend and we're actually gonna be
doing a meet-up
on the 25th at noon if you guys want
more information that or if you're
planning on going please RSVP in the
link in the description I'm really
excited to meet you guys
oh and also don't forget to go watch the
every flavor beans challenge that I did
with Austin it's up on my channel right
now thank you guys
I look at it fast
let us know because if it bothers you
we'll just we'll just find a way to blog
without a kid you know I'm saying I know
and I haven't will say like I've been
going through the year one montage and
it's so crazy seeing like Missy pregnant
in her big belly and like us like
interacting without kids it's really
crazy and the crazy part too is like
those blocks
