good morning hey hey Oliver good morning
how you doing buddy yeah you happy baby
this morning you know wearing any
clothes
where'd your clothes go quit your nigga
mmm don't do that is it cold
are you doing here change side with me
this is our son baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things see
what the real baby Olly please stand up
please stand up I will give you a purple
nurple you keep looking at me like you
use your purple nurple purple nurple oh
you're so cute
he's very full right now he just had a
very good breakfast OOP so my aunt got
me these coffee cups and now every
morning when I get coffee at the decide
which one I want to use naughty or nice
if I choose a nice then I don't know if
people would be like oh so you think
you're nice huh but if I choose the
naughty one I don't know it's like all
red and I don't know it but ever anyway
I'm choosing nice this morning because I
think I'm doing a pretty pretty good boy
huh and I'm gonna use Folgers caramel
drizzle see if that actually tastes like
a caramel drizzle we'll see about that
good morning guys I'm just getting ready
for the day I've been actually doing
laundry and how do you mean breakfast
yet I'm like starting this and I've
already got laundry done makeup on
everything but I am wearing my monkey
slippers do I show you this to you guys
my mom got me some sock monkey slippers
are super cute and I love them
okay I'm gonna show you them yesterday I
don't remember never can remember what
I've already blocked about copies all
fresh and hot and I'm making a perfect
egg we got this pan set and it came with
this perfect egg can so I'm gonna see if
I can actually make it but I can never
make a person put a little salt pepper
and some red cayenne pepper
getting some sausages going breakfast
the most important meal of the day you
guys honk army did you at breakfast did
you have breakfast even if you did
probably gonna tell me this so you get
it again huh alright let's see how this
perfect egg turned out please don't be
running please don't be running ooh ooh
and it's cooked all the way
yay I hate runny eggs and I like hard
eggs but they take forever when you
don't pop the yolk oh that's perfect
actually
alright some french toast is done
sausage is done
and my coffees pretty much gone is that
how it is when you make breakfast in the
morning coffee's gone by the time
breakfast is done okay alley pet in
karma
Oh karma let him put you best friend
everything on you things that you think
it up okay you guys just say it say come
here come here
Timon let me pull your ears off are you
watching curious Joy's a monkey what
more perfect show for you to watch he
really does like this show huh I love
this show yeah you guys I think he likes
all the colors and of course the monkey
we should get some Baby Einstein yeah we
should cuz I want him to be smart I will
say that you were actually really smart
in in high school yeah you you literally
had all straight A's that's true and I
never studied you never said you always
did like even his homework was like so
easy to him I literally I cheated off
everything off him like if we were in
the same class he did my homework yeah
yeah he's like it's easy I was like high
school is really hard for me
I haven't identified them with being
really smart I think you're smart
I was just something that I just did
Oliver has got a 50/50 shot basically
you're not dumb though I'm dumb but I'm
not that I didn't do very good in school
okay I'll just say that spelling was a
beast for me okay so yesterday we got
this awesome package from Sly Fox
threads and they send you a bunch of
goodies buddy hung in buck shirt this
really really nice hoodie that was
really really cool of them bent this one
mommy shadow it's got like a really cool
font it's all like tilted and stuff and
then this one I'm a wild one and then
they actually do like these really cool
bibs that are like bandanas I was so
awesome thank you so much Sly Fox cool
because it's all really really good
quality like this is really nice you're
a wild one all right put it on hang on
hang on
stand back just let him do it put it on
put your clothes on yeah that ain't
happening look at this stylish little
guy
looking good bro oh my oh my
yay you wild one never heard you were
wild one
alright is this too much you guys this
is too much cuteness going on oh my god
he's really good he's wearing those
sunglasses like a bow are you happy now
see I'm mad you don't want to be in the
car look at that face hey I started to
vlog and then you started getting mad so
then I put the camera is facing the
camera is like magic we are headed to go
do some errands and we're also gonna go
look at Hobby Lobby again we're there
the other day
add some cool baskets or some look
around for some cool stuff for the house
and do stuff like errands we're gonna be
productive oh we suppose he's frozen I
was frozen so bad it's not funny I know
everyone has been raving about it and I
think we know what it was until like it
came out everyone's like what so amazing
like I'm not really a cartoon person
like ever but everyone says
you see a baby and I know it's a cartoon
and he probably really enjoy like the
light that is singing right but I bet
the same time I just oh it's not the
live singing when you take a baby into a
theatre what was that weird sound you
just make with your mouth what I do but
I'm gonna seem time I just I really need
something like that I don't know it's
like the weird sound came from your
mouth I notice now that Lia the log make
a lot of weird unnecessary sounds with
our mouth really yeah it goes out that
so so like why don't we do that
something like a sound it's just a sound
because we don't we're like filling
space don't get in my leg thank you fine
yeah we're looking for a basket did not
know that would be that difficult but at
a place where they literally have so
many baskets ah then all that section
over there too we found this one looks
pretty good
oh and look at this you guys gonna get
this really cool sign you're pretty much
my most favorite of all time in the
history of ever
I think as I saw it and then I did that
really cool Instagram and I was like
well we have to have it now in our house
eventually well it's pretty freakin
awesome also frames there's way too many
frames to choose from this is like a
stress case for us right now for like a
year like framework we get pictures on
all the time but you never do anything
with them yeah we found a couple of cool
things for the entertainment center look
at this you guys so blue L that's so
cool definitely love that for landing
bTW you didn't know that's our last name
but yeah now we're looking at frames to
do our actual nice pictures only on
these really cool square frames to do a
couple instagrams on the TV Center so
that should be cool too when we are
outside this is when all his eyes look
the bluest like literally they're so
blue and you can say how much he looks
like Brian but those are his mommy's
eyes my hands yeah look like his dad but
he had his mom's eyes
Oh Harry Potter reference yeah you've
been married to me for like five years
you just need oh my God look how pretty
they are you went a little crazy yeah we
got so much cool stuff that I'm really
excited
the rooms gonna look really good yeah
we're gonna go home and decorate and
he's wanted to do for the longest time
so yeah and it was actually really cheap
so I can't complain
well Bobby lights nice it's pretty cool
yeah let's go stop now time to decorate
karma you gonna help miss a step great
Becca right are you gonna help this
degree you'll monkey what are you doing
yeah you having fun were you playing
with that is a lot of light talk ever
did you see how's that great it's so
ridiculous I got quite a few ol
knick-knack E things so we're gonna
start decorating our room just gonna
start making more homey we've always
just kind of dealt with like little
cheapo things that are on our walls as
you can see like we got these pictures
we've had those pictures for about five
years
yeah so and they're really old I don't
know they're just really really cheap
they're like coming apart at the sides
and so we really want to update these
pictures to be needs are for my
honeymoon ah yeah cute cool she's doing
her pre decorating stretch work those
muscles there you go pull it out pull it
out of the back
you got this cool little blue box Wow
Matt just blows perfectly something is
on here to begin on there I got it oh
good job good now it's a cute little
nest so cute and even
then you want this to go up there oh
yeah we found these cool square frames
we're gonna do some Instagram and do
some instagrams and put those up there
okay I mean are you sure we can leave
the little asian lady and her daughter
in school my aunt she has a tons of
frames in her house and all the pictures
are people she doesn't know they're like
really old picture the people that are
most likely no longer living yeah oh
it's kind of creepy like she would take
these pictures out of these modern happy
people and put in old pictures of like
old stock photos that she has no idea
her they're like sadness like I had 20
minute break huh no you're up like hey a
nap I can relax
good morning 2.0 he's like I cannot
believe you put me down Sonya look at
those you guys I get my very own pizza
all to myself I already ate that that
it's already in my belly
Hawaiian pizza I have this in so long
and just you guys know Hawaiian pizza is
the best cold in the morning
I'm actually really excited to eat
Pete's in the morning as i sad that i'm
excited he meets in the morning it's
Friday so like jofi says it's pizza
party Friday night pizza party Friday
night what are you doing hey watching TV
watching all YouTube watching just led
d-town keep hanging out with Colleen and
I think he's in Georgia so this family
or something and I've been really
enjoying he's been doing daily vlogs for
like a week or so now and they're
actually pretty interesting I really
enjoy them and we're also doing diapers
do you help me do diapers your mommy
just take this one and then you put it
in your mouth don't put in your mouth
actually that's really cross okay it's
okay
it was clean okay so I am headed to go
pick up the pictures I ordered ordered
like 40 something pictures it's like $30
worth of prints and listening to
Christian pop on iTunes radio and I just
want to say I I love Chris as a
Christian
when I'm in the car alone I've always
found that like listening to like
Christian music just totally like lets
me like relax Christian music is just
good even if you're not a Christian it's
so positive and powerful that I think
that it could really just encourage you
even if you're not a Christian it's good
stop failure fill your brain with some
goodness it's good to get a break from
Miley twerking all over the place you
know I'm saying
can I get an amen haha nobody intended
everytime it always works
there ya go think about Katy Perry
almost eight o'clock which means it's
almost time to get ready for bed I tell
you it's like there's one thing I can do
right it's his bedtime routine takes
like an hour to get through it all but
it's relaxing and it's like okay in an
hour I'm going to completely relax and
take a bowl back okay oh oh oh he's like
oh I like this
I was like no do don't kiss his face
nice try though do you like your baby or
your puffy karma yeah what do you think
I was like um he's touching me mom I'm
nicer about that Holly's really starting
to like pet karma and I was just not
really sure what to think about that I
just completely overfilled it I just
like let it go thinking it's gonna take
a while and um it's not gonna take a
while it's gonna take like two seconds
to fill that tub and that was pouring
over it was yesterday our favorite time
of the day and on this low is bad thing
yeah you know it is time for bed when
the bangs go up and my hair goes up that
means it's pretty much done all right
guys I want to show you the final result
before we go to bed but I finally just
got all the pictures in them fingers
hurt this wall under the big ol L we got
a bunch of Instagram pictures this one
which we actually took today which I
thought was really cute and then we got
put all the pictures from his newborn
and then
the maternity session and then this
one's sort of a hodgepodge of all of us
like the way it turned out and I even
had a couple instagrams to put up on
here so we got one of ollie the one of
Missy and Ollie and then Missy and I
when we were underwater with the GoPro
productive successful day I still just
love this all he's asleep so I'm just
gonna get things situated and head to
bed myself but I hope you guys enjoyed
today's love if you did be sure to give
it a thumbs up if you guys didn't catch
the video of all the eye on my channel
definitely go check it out because it
was a good one Karma's hiding under the
table with all the diapers karma huh are
you sleeping boy I thank you guys for
watching we will see you tomorrow
I promise okay bye he's like Xena now to
do it
he's just chewing okay okay why is he
just so disgusting at water it is cold
yeah not used to holding
