you did there you go all of her see I
told you you could do it
hey who rolled over onto his belly this
morning you did
big guys secretive um very nice of you
this is our sign baby boy he's gonna do
amazing things what you already sick of
it I caught you on camera
you didn't see I was recording but I was
recorded Nicky daddy huh job good
morning guys hmm excuse me
good morning guys I'm out running
errands every time I get in the car I
always freak my sunglasses and to be
honest I don't even know where they are
like I haven't seen him in a really long
time so I got some sunglasses every time
I'm like it's freaking bright out here
which is awesome cuz it's January and
it's freaking bright guess what you guys
today is the second 18 more days till my
birthday whoa good morning Oliver what
are you doing he's hanging out is
chillin I'm actually just doing my hair
and it's really nice because you can
just sit up here and hang out with me
of course I stand right next to him but
he likes it huh
sometimes I love the blow dryer on him
doing my hair I actually got a ton of
stuff for my hair I think you guys
probably watched it in my um what I got
for Christmas I got that straightener
and that blow dryer which are like
amazing they actually did get this you
for us like a sculpture styling glaze
and it's supposed to help with like
straightening your hair and stuff um it
actually works really well so I just put
like this little tiny amount and it's
there's like a ton in here I feel like
it's gonna last night forever and I
actually just got this brush too because
I wanted to my hair like when I blow-dry
it it's always so like ridiculously
frizzy and just like out there and so
I'm going to try using one of these but
I heard that do it using this it's like
it's hard like it takes like practice
and if you're not used to it can take a
while to to figure it out but I'm
excited to like do new things with my
hair and see if you know just messing
with it and playing with it see what I'm
gonna do your hair just kidding
yeah I need a girl girls like a deep
dark hair also I'm hiding my mess of a
hair under this beanie cuz I really need
a haircut too so I got to get a haircut
today also as well
further more mr. Beckham me oh oh oh
dang like nine months later and there's
still one of my favorite songs and I
actually got a surprise coming up for
you guys
regarding this song who's excited oh oh
hello to you as well I'm done doing
boring adult things
can we do fun adult things now umm
someone from England
this is oh I love the dogs you're upset
what Missy what's going on with your
hair I think you forgot to do something
is just you didn't sorry you got like a
tail on top of your head I'll they
finally let me get my hair done all the
way done so I had to like stop halfway
through it and now we're getting ready
to go huh um is that right you know
pursued silly sketches silly boy huh I
didn't you guys Missy took down all the
Christmas decorations
and she had this like wrapped up like a
present she forgot to unwrap it and I
was like you know what if I don't do
this she's probably playing a game with
how long can I keep it wrapped so I
unwrapped it see Missy unwrapped her
legs - these are her pants joys of
living with a woman tighter tighter
strap a man
scrubber then it's like a spaceship bro
he can't imagine he just like he's
starting to get so big babe today well
not today well today when you're
watching this but tomorrow there's gonna
be another Oliver born huh Missy's
friend Rachael is having her son and
and his name is Oliver he was both your
both your kids and a mole is not cool
and it's also funny because his name is
Byron and my name is Brian and he likes
to cook and I like to eat yeah like us
dude bro get your tail out of his face
are you ready you're gonna sleep you
look tired you're rubbing your eyes like
you're tired let's go okay guys I know
I've talked about my new Nintendo yes he
is called the right thing I seriously
I'm not kidding I always call it
PlayStation yes because it just comes
out like I got him a Playstation so I
insulin-like oh I got a Playstation ts
not a plagiarist other name with star
Sisu oh yeah he's Darcy sue but it's so
cool because I did it I added a few
people it's my friends list I didn't
know how to how you work it like this
you're like a friend code or something
and then you can like add people and you
can like play games with them and it's
really cool so anyways I have this
little thing right here and goes to my
friends list and then it shows all my
friends so there's an Marie M Lulu Belle
Rachel Samantha Ashley Stefanie and then
these people haven't like except in my
apartment cuz yeah but yeah all these
people and their little knees it's a lot
of fun I'm really enjoying
that's my little obsession that's going
on right now I always seem to have like
an obsession right yeah I must look like
a total addict no I know people who just
get your toes wet
Yeah right in it policy really is true
and it's not like it's like hindering my
life like you're gonna quit anytime
right I can quit anytime
and you know what this might seem weird
to that I'm bringing out but I'm
bringing it because when you walk by
people and they give you things and I
think that's cool so yeah it's all part
of the formula yeah I know right really
is it so bad reunited and it feels so
good it's the best calamari in the world
you guys and we haven't had it in my cow
on like a couple months oh I keep trying
it out of the place I'm not the same you
know how when there's like one place it
got something perfect and then you try
and get it at other places it just
doesn't happen
this stuff is bone so you get to what to
see it is that cool hey listen this up
for you okay you can relax a little
what do you think he's ready to get out
and crawl around guys it's where he's
like look at him box in actually you let
your feet pull them up hold up hold up
you were this one blown up put him up
it's coming
hey love us is it close I'm gonna get
there who invented glass bottles hungry
angry people
Brandon dude like ever let's see him get
any ketchup or mustard out of this mhm
come on I feel like it's teasing me why
you just stick a fork in
no that's so unsanitary I used to work
in a restaurant babe you don't do that
oh really
you mean if you've never used it before
yeah there's something about the angle
Sarnia I don't know my mom could do it
ridiculous they put our fries in the
school newspaper newspaper you know miss
you put in an armful newspaper I'm gonna
read that hey why are french fries
french about french fries all he's
trying to steal my C's drink he grabs it
he puts it up to his mouth you want a
drink so funny how much he's imitating
us now I think I wanna I wanna okay we
got a glass of water and we're gonna
attempt see what he does didn't go swing
from the straw maybe I'm on the scout
himself he's like I don't get it
does he not know how to do it he's just
chewing on high okay why is he just so
disgusting Atwater it's just cold yeah
not used to hold some invisible sorry
kids weirdness try new things it's fun
time you think this morning I got a text
message and it was like really weird at
first I thought it was like like
literally gibberish because I just
looked really like I know it didn't look
like words it also for some reason just
sent with like a language to me and so I
showed it to my mommy my mom started
like googling words like that were like
in it and we figured out that it was
actually finished is that hey say that
finish finish because Miriam
it's like juice juicy 250f on bellies
smooth the 350 and know what I don't
know how to say but anyways I totally
put this into the google translator and
I figured out I still want to exactly
was talking about actually but I mean I
was able to like decipher some words and
so anyways I actually responded with
sorry wrong telephone number and
actually
wrote it in Finnish because I figured it
out from Google it is and then soon let
me if anyways I was so funny especially
because I responded in his language but
he never looked back so I was kind of
bummed I thought he was gonna write back
and be like what you speak Finnish - and
then I'd be like it's not the accent no
right I have no idea what accent I just
did I don't even do accents I just like
spoke you almost got yourself a new
finished boyfriend though look at the
way all he's sitting in this right now
he wants to look forward but I told me
see you can actually flip that around
you know winning - wait he doesn't look
comfortable baby he have you like this
when I said when I put on that night he
starts doing 360s just got my hair cut I
feel like a new man I'm like lighter and
it feels better
so maybe able to last like a month or
two
when you're leaving the mall they make
you go through forever 21 they expect a
brainwashing he'll like I make it oh you
make me okay
we have been cleaning the entire time
we've been home and just cleaned out the
entire garage it was just something that
need to be done and I was finally able
to take a shower and wash my hair should
not have to get a haircut like I don't
know for guys we have to deal with this
but when you get a haircut you have to
take shower right afterwards and
sometimes you don't I mean I've had
really good hair cutters who like can
manage the hair going everywhere but
sometimes they just suck and I have hair
all over me for days horrible but
monthly no hairs all good and it's short
and oh so me and Brian have been
cleaning the garage out it was like a
disaster and so all he was hanging out
with auntie and look what she did
look she broke him he's like out like
Hawaii like this kid does not sleep
unless I miss him to sleep or unless he
is extremely tired and so I think that
means he was extremely tired all right
we're gonna try and put him in the house
this one the hardest one hugging roll
hug and roll
huh you matter did it good job I think
I'm gonna get caught up on some
videogames
I've been Boop been playing a lot of
Uncharted which is a really cool game
and then today while we're at the mall I
picked up Killzone 3 ace for the first
one on my playstation 2 and so I'm
really excited to get to play that so so
I'm like 8 bucks so I was like school I
just still have so many games that I
need to try get through I think I'm
playing like 6 games right now all at
once
somebody went to go grab some dinner so
I'm hanging out in baby Olly and here is
a Daddy tip for you
what's wrong that's right you were
perfectly fine it's all about finding
the perfect position for him to sit so
that you can hold a ps3 controller and
play while holding him up and it looks
like he wanted to play you are
controlling my guy buddy here go this
way oh there you go there you go move
the little thing move it it's playing a
video game you guys oh you just want you
just wants to eat the controller we
don't eat the controller someone just
had a bath you know what that means
it's almost time for bed mmm you so
fresh and clean fresh and clean baby
smells very good
mommy's stuffing you a diaper so please
please do not poop in this towel okay
look at all these cute little robots on
your diaper bro then why don't you go to
sleep now
why in your fingers you don't Sophie hi
I'm Sophie yeah he's like I'll give you
a big hug and I'd pick you up nom nom
nom nom so much midnight and I was like
oh crap I forgot to shoot my video I've
been planning on it all day and I forgot
so I just shot it and it was really cool
and I think it turned out good
right yeah go watch it after you watch
this go watch it cuz it's up right now
ten Brian's gonna edit this and he's
gonna go edit my video and he's gonna go
edit a video on his challenge could just
say and all night it also better than
doesn't in fear to interfere too much
with family time mostly just interferes
with his sleep time yeah pretty much
you know the for you wake me up to
change his diaper for the first time I'm
like four hours and basically get
anything else to say
I fed his ramble for screaming iron bad
yeah I need to go to pay alright um you
have nothing else to say them bye I hope
you guys cut the fog click thumbs up if
you did see you tomorrow
thumbs up thumbs up done so sorry okay
bye no I use like ten at a time
am i ashamed is a honey they like drives
me crazy one big one okay you guys
Oliver's butt is it buck-naked or
butt naked she honestly another net I
he's butt-naked cuz his butts hanging
out and he's like hanging on to his toes
he's like yeah
and Ollie takes a bath this is his
favorite
