good morning everybody and welcome to
our fun daily Internet videos nothing
more nothing less my name is Brian and I
will serve as your host of these videos
if at any moment you find yourself
smiling laughing grinning ear-to-ear or
just feeling the incubus tiny amount of
joy inside your body be sure to click
the thumbs up button and at the end of
the video if you are completely
satisfied and you wish to come back for
more I urge you to subscribe but as for
now let's venture into the lives of
Missy and Brian young parents living in
a world of peril just kidding we live in
Southern California and it's beautiful
inside yet blue skies camera takes a
long time to focus the blue skies
do amazing things
good morning mr. jumparoo what are you
doing in there
apparently you're not watching TV coz
the TV is off and actually we can't find
the clicker huh
you've been looking for it everywhere
hmm this is your box of goodies is it in
here oh my gosh we love you forever it's
actually kind of a sad book and
sometimes it makes me cry and I don't
know if I can really cute but I have to
have it all right let's look for it we
found it which we put on how that God is
bigger than the boogeyman he's bigger
than Godzilla boy the monsters on TV
what's up guys it is the last two days
of the year 2013 everyone still calls it
2013 I was really hoping by this point
we would be saying 20 and then the
number maybe by 2014 we'll be calling it
2014 and not 2014 2014 just sounds so
2001 because you know we didn't say 2001
no we didn't do that so it's 2014 now
you guys not 2014 but we got two more
days last few days Oliver was born this
year I mean so many cool things happen
this year it's it's incredible so 2014
is gonna be insane it's gonna blow your
mind it's gonna you're gonna have a mind
inside your shell let's go
I'm pretty much obsessed with this show
I've basically memorized almost every
song and I sing them to Olly
hair and makeup is done except I don't
have clothes on I'm just wearing my robe
which I love this wrote this is so
comfortable it's kind of like goofy
lucky I guess so it's kind of funny when
I wear it but it's really really
comfortable really warrant but I'm just
going throughout today I'm thinking of
all the cool things that are coming up
in the year 2014 and how it's just I'm
really really excited for the new year
and a lot of times I don't know I don't
know how I feel about the new year like
I'm usually like ah next year I hope I
finally get to be able to do this but
this was such a good year and I think it
was a great year for us and I think it
was great year for YouTube I'm really
looking forward to 2014 are you guys
looking forward to 2014 let me know in
the comments let's chat let's have a
discussion about this but anyways it's a
sunny morning and I'm running some
errands doing boring adult stuff boring
adult stuff so we gotta get Ally your
ass so many clothes it's ridiculous
actually you guys watch my haul I talk
about like all the clothes that he's
gotten past couple days and I know if
says comminute I feel like he had tons
of sleepers and I just want him to wear
those all day because they're just so
warm and comfortable I feel good because
like his feet are covered and he's got
long sleeves on and they just look
comfortable so we got picking up all
right this morning I think I'm gonna try
something my sister sent me to be a
Folgers gourmet you are Christmas
there's a little bit of Christmas left
in our house you guys I actually don't
know what this tastes like so I'll try
some Starbucks Christmas blend she says
the Starbucks ones are all like super
super strong boom and check this out I
just got back from Boston just got back
from Boston and grabbed some Boston
cream pie
Hong Karma you got something black on
your forehead buddy whoa hi hello to you
too all right we went with the sleeper
and I'm perfectly okay with that are you
okay with that ollie
oh no I'm busted Brian calls this lazy
vlogging I'll show you what it is okay
let go hang on
oh okay so this is what lazy vlogging is
it's when I don't put the thing around
my wrist and then it just sits there and
sometimes when I'm vlogging you'll see
it right in the corner and it happens to
a lot of people a lot of vloggers you'll
see their their little string city
things like Oh lazy vlogger so yeah I
try and like swing it back here with my
finger so thank you yeah but sometimes
it gets up here and then you see it and
then I get in trouble I'm supposed to
put it away just put it on your wrist in
case you drop it and as you guys can see
Christmas is put away and now we have
this here which is really nice I
definitely want one though for
downstairs because it's just nice to be
able to put him in he's happy in it and
he likes it I was happy in it for like a
few minutes but yeah I'm thinking about
getting one for downstairs so a couple
things you change that we need change
the chalkboard and I need to unwrap the
present the present on the wall Brian OH
so funny we just need to get one of
those handheld ones we just didn't get
one of those handheld ones I know a
vacuum every new couch you guys I want a
new couch so bad and I found the one I
want and Missy's like I don't know uh
yeah he like someone at IKEA but I'm
just not fan of all of you end up we get
it but I just don't get your thing
missing picture
Missy's had microfiber couches like her
entire life you can only have microfiber
now that's not true though and I don't
like microfiber I honestly think it's so
soft when I sit down like there's
something that's too soft I just think
it's too soft well it's not die I don't
actually need microfiber it's just the
texture that I sat on IKEA I hate it I
am okay with something other than
microfiber but that was just felt like I
was sitting on a pair of jeans it was
terrible a soft texture right there you
see that mean it's definitely not soft
but it has like a soft yeah I know this
is a disgusting hard look at that I'm
being so weird I'm still not sold on it
if you telling Missy - she's like this
is the couch that's gonna go to our
house no this couch will be going into
my main office that's man cave I don't
want that garage in my living room cuz
I'm like the most ultra plush extra
microfiber a couch you want okay and
then when you sit in it you'll just see
no I'll just be in heaven because gonna
be so comfortable and I'll just like
curl up and sleep on I'll just sleep on
it every night without you how long have
we been arguing about the couch now
argument really condescending like that
I love you I smell something yeah let me
cook it in the oven
oh look at you guys no more Christmas in
this room we used to be their lights
used to be there no more Christmas
Christmas is officially over there's
like a puppet
hang on I'm getting hushed up by the
oven got Namie pieces cooking in the
like I said there is two more days left
of 2014 so I got to get my fingers dirty
with some chalk and I erased the it's
beginning to look a lot like Christmas
truck board which was already outdated
because it was past Christmas and I
found a really cool design and so I'm
going to start you guys want to watch
this has been like all day long not like
all day but like the past few days like
he literally he's been pooping so much
and so definitely I just I mean I'm just
talking up to that he doesn't feel very
good but he keeps having blowouts
although I'm not using um disturbed not
using cloth right now just because
they're dirty and it's laundry day plane
just pooping a lot like he's pooping way
too much and it's really nasty you're
both being uh not my best work but I
think it looks ok it says the best is
yet to come
2014 because the best is yet to come you
guys 2013 you thought it was good 2014
is gonna be good can I even show him
that oh my god that is bad
holy crap babe oh my gosh that is Rocchi
babe I don't think you got anything else
in there buddy that was gnarly it was
that the work that was no worse those
the worse like it was literally in like
in his clothes yeah that was a really
bad bro oh no more that cake oh the joys
of parenting
I love the comment that Kathy Conway
said yesterday she's like yes babies are
gross that's why God made them so cute
yes oh my goodness karma you are so
excited so excited what are you getting
around oh that your little squirrel ball
so apparently we have lemons in our
backyard look
so these are actually not our lemon tree
it's actually the neighbor's lemon tree
but these are hanging on our side of the
fence so I'm wondering personally my eye
Wow anyways so are these arms like do we
get to eat these put them smell really
good and you're like big and huge and
big delicious it's so cool this is on
our side of the fence so I think they're
technically we can eat those ones and
look at this one it this actually is an
orange tree and it's actually an iron
obligate isn't orange just one orange
like no other how do you know if he's
ready to come on mmm smells really good
looks pretty bright I'm so excited
mmm like the dead of winter and we have
oranges try to try the orange from our
tree
it's a huge way we have an orange back
there - mhm
how bad is it mmm it was like a nice big
size mm-hmm yeah it's really good flavor
yeah just really good man I know is it
our backyard yeah oh yeah I love
California
friggin December 30th and I thank God it
was delicious
this is Ali's cousin Payton jumping
around and easily what now you're
looking at the camera bro we are having
dinner with the Johnson you guys know
this guy right no I did a couple covers
with him on my channel and we've been
doing a lot of YouTube stuff today so
we're going out and you guys might
actually see some really cool stuff from
him in the future we were talking about
getting stuff going all he ate my entire
steak didn't you piece look at her
nice piece side oh no we got them
together look at that come on
she's got a lot of energy
I will say we ended up losing all of our
woke up first
so you guys want so we just got done
eating dinner which was amazing
California it's really getting a little
bit late but we wanted to run into Hobby
Lobby and our walls are very bare yeah
pretty much exactly whoa I really want
to get Christmas stuff down so that I
could address the situation which is
that our room is really boring you're
looking for like wall decor stuff like
this like things that you can put on
your wall really like stuff like this
like almost like them maybe consider
this like shabby chic kind of look yeah
I think this is kind of like what I want
to go for it's like this is actually a
wire like metal I definitely like style
yeah because I want to do the square
Instagram yeah yeah so we're kind of
going for like and I don't know what the
word is like I know but I definitely
like like the bluish color I want to
like incorporate that blue into our room
a lot but it's like a song from my know
you're pretty much my most favorite of
all time in the history of ever we were
just talking today about how he's so
good with his like nighttime routine and
how you totally like he just fell into
it
we got lucky yeah and those flowers
behind you are very day look at Mecca
Monroe is so comfy I'm like I love how
comfortable this robe is like I cannot
wait till nighttime till I can put on my
robe
I watched her take off all her clothes
and put that robot and then she put it
on she literally sighed she was like oh
my gosh your dork
Booya that's how you do it ladies and
gentlemen
no but seriously that's all whole thing
always freaks me out anyway I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog if you guys
didn't know there's a video up on my
channel I did a video about what I got
for Christmas and through the awesome so
you guys should go watch it it's in the
link in the description below thank you
for watching this video be sure to give
it a big thumbs up if you love us and
you want us to keep doing this and we
wish you guys tomorrow goodbye today
babies are gross
babies are gross guys they whore so I
didn't have a burp right so I wiped his
like spit up and next like oh I had poop
on my fingers today also it's like it's
just things we don't even like it just
like it happens it's so funny once
you're a parent it doesn't but I you
know I didn't flinch I was like
