is it cold are you doing
we have changes diaper for me this is
our son baby boy he's gonna do amazing
things
he asked me Missy welcome to my Dorothy
Fogg we are up I bet you all want to
know how all I did last night
how'd you do last night you just hum
tell them yourself it actually wasn't
that bad he did throw up again like
actually I put him to sleep he threw up
in his sleep um but he stayed asleep he
never cried and he actually slept almost
all night when he did wake up he didn't
want to eat so the only problem I was
having was that he didn't have a fever
he seemed fine he was sleeping fine but
he just wouldn't eat he didn't want to
eat and so even this morning like he
woke up around 9 and he didn't want to
eat then I was like okay this is
starting to get weird like he's almost
gone a whole 12 hours with like no food
then he finally did just eat and fell
asleep took a nap so he seems to be fine
other than maybe a little appetite issue
he kinda is cuddling more and he doesn't
seem as like like he hasn't as much
energy as usual and I'm actually feeling
pretty good - I have like the fever and
like that was pretty much it last
yesterday I just felt like I was like
coming down with like almost like the
flu like a key body but lasted like 2
hours I don't know really strange and
then Brian woke up a little sick huh are
you sick yes like I'm up yeah he's got
like a little nausea so I don't know
this whole house is just sickly right
now I went through his closet and I
found the cutest outfit was still a
little outfit of the day we are very
evening available with the cutest green
romper was a little hoodie and it's got
fishies that say big bigger and biggest
and of course a fish on the butt and
then he's got yellow socks and cute is
that like match perfectly like look at
them they're like green and like blue he
is looking so stinkin cute and I gotta
say him with shoes on is pretty much a
lot of fun be handy but the she ended
but
good morning guys yeah like Missy said I
was not feeling good this morning I felt
it was like one of those things where
like if I got out of bed I felt like
throw up you know like my stomach is
just so queasy and not fun and I'm good
banana and everything love a good fight
there we go yeah I think if I just put
something in my stomach maybe will help
me feel better it'd be really funny if
they see an ollie just passed along
their sickness to me okay I organized
the Cure thing we got a ton of milk
chocolate apple cider coffee chai latte
dark chocolate and I tried diet that
sounds really good I am a huge fan of
dark chocolate actually doing a Mike
milk chocolate I just think it tastes so
like black good morning Karma hey boy Oh
nose right in the crotch thanks for that
so we're off to our party it's an
engagement party and so we actually had
to go get costumes and stuff so I'm
excited and hopefully we can actually
find something the party's in like two
hours
girl you serious I really do you know do
you think you got like the stomach flu
it's there's something in my stomach
that's gross it needs to come out that
is not good maybe eating something will
help
uh yeah or it will just give it a me me
me we've always been so far so good this
morning they say I totally just realized
that New Year's is coming up we're gonna
have a New Year's party do our stuff if
he doesn't know we're going to a luau so
they have grass skirts hula skirts leis
oh they go
oh they have the Hat you're really gonna
make me wear that yeah this is all look
cool yeah okay so you're wearing a
coconut bra then right okay babe lay me
oh wait Lanie didn't work she just got
it she's got the dirty joke oh yeah just
got laid thank you but all our stuff for
a party and making Missy Drive because I
really really don't forgot you guys I
like I got in the car and I just I
suddenly realized that like I'm freezing
so I definitely think I have the chills
now I hate this ballet you're kind of
stressing me out I don't know if I'm
gonna make the party
I'd hate to go there and then throw you
know to me if I have what Missy has
it'll just go away because hers only
lasted like a couple hours huh
was like all Sun better maybe if I just
make myself throw up I'll feel better so
maybe it's one of those things where
it's like if I throw up all the bad
stuff comes out of me
Oliver is good he isn't or not he
usually does yeah we're just all running
on empty you guys haha days like this
cuz usually I mean I like to go do
things and I like to have energy and
being happy and fun and I just feel like
poop
sigue where'd your hair go my uncle the
shaved it dog well that's not cool what
happened to all your hair I guess uh his
uncle went to give him a haircut and he
shaved it a little shorter than what
Mommy wanted thank you she'll like a
blow-up shield and sword you fight not
hippie go on you just bury ya princesses
wear yours alright Missy you got a do
the hula mood I was actually pretty good
babe cool you know how to shake your
hair see Ashley has one she's a whole
skirt and everything I want to wear it
go look at this building you guys it's
wrapped up like a present that's so good
hey you're the one that's awkwardly
open-mouth kissing me the other day
jesse is doing actually also is I'm the
boss that's a baby ally you love baby
yelling huh you give the laser on his
neck yeah I got a lay on CJ's looking
cool in his outfit huh look at it baby
oh my gosh hey let me see your outfit
Joey's rabbit she's got a little flower
um like bra on old
a grass skirt you look adorable
I give him a high five hey my dad dress
that me too he's got you anyway
oh is that the dork he's completely
embarrassing my focus on your nose is to
keep the sun is green fix the Sun for
burning the tip of my nose
oh all right Bryan's got his Hawaiian
shirt on now
Mike drink has a little tiny umbrella
just in case it rains
right I don't want my drink to get all
watered down what up you look like
you're enjoying that croissant dude
calls it a rock on it rustic rustic
out of it for sake Missy's going to play
some mo ice are you stretching up babe
going too easy you got a hula wall going
under it guru I see is seriously the
only adult out there look at these kids
hi be there we go honey there's a little
harder babe
there you go oh man dang Missy this is
really low whoo hey she's got this okay
okay okay Oh wah good job babe oh look
at all the leis on Olli he's all decked
out ha boy okay someone can you will get
Bailey until we get back in line
it's a hundred fish come on Bailey
Bailey Bailey come get the biscuit get
the biscuit you want the biscuit there
you go good job
we just left the party and always passed
out he was getting pretty fussy there
towards the end he really just wanted to
go home I don't know if he's starting to
not feel good again or he was just you
know getting into his mood sleepin alike
but that was actually my cousin's
engagement party usually is a fireman
and he met his wife and she's a fireman
also sleep both firefighter ashes
firefighter run by a woman is a
scientific fact kind of a quiet shy guy
he reminds me a lot about like my
brother my brother's also like really
quiet mellow and stuff and he found
himself like the perfect girl like
they're like perfect for each other
so that was their engagement party and
their wedding is actually in Hawaii so
guess where we're going in 2015
everyone's got they gotta guess time to
all save up to go to Hawaii like cuz
we're gonna try and get like all the
family there um and do like a little
family big huge family maybe we should
turn it into a big vacation yeah first
day a week yeah you want to swim with
them I want to swim at dolphin so badly
it's like a dream that and like holding
like a tiger cub or something they don't
have those in Hawaii I know I know I
would do they yeah are you sure I'm not
in Australia I'm I'm pretty sure why is
koalas right I don't know but I'm really
excited actually you guys should tell me
um what there is to do in Hawaii because
I loved it like just like kind of plan
it out like where we're gonna do kinda
like obviously to like snorkel
and I want to go on like I'm really cool
like hike oh yeah I heard there's like
horseback riding like in the trail right
now riding that I got scenes like right
there it's cuz the Sun is staring I oh
you think so look who I'm talking to
guys its customer service yes we're
actually going with them on our vacation
next month so we're really I'm like so
excited we're gonna do a couple videos
with them too
they actually have a channel I do I tell
you guys this all the time but I love
our channels um kelsey has one for her
wedding planning and she actually just
she's the one who sent me the letter
asking me to be a bridesmaid in her
wedding so if you guys want to watch how
she made it you can and then they also
have a traveling because they went to
like Europe and they traveled like
everywhere yeah you can go in the
description and check out their channels
and subscribe to them because they're
awesome and we're gonna be hanging out
with them in just a couple weeks it's
just a couple of weeks I'm so excited
venture together I know I'm gonna meet
Olly yeah finally yeah they're they're
his they're like his auntie and uncle in
LA kind of deal you know auntie Kelsey
and uncle Corbin so Brian's taking a
little nap
apparently he doesn't feel very good
um he might actually be coming down with
the stomach flu or something but me and
Ali we're actually gonna go to dinner
with my mom and dad Mike family were
Tinley I was really looking forward to
it so we're gonna go get like Outback
and stuff but Ali has not eaten or taken
that like hit me he's eaten a little bit
but he hasn't had like a nice good meal
in like a long time few hours and he
will not eat like he's literally
refusing to nurse I really didn't wanna
risk going out to eat and him like start
screaming and not you know not being
able to calm down by if he hasn't eaten
is just I'm like about I don't know and
he hasn't napped which makes you think
that he's on the verge of some kind of
temper tantrum huh he starts screaming
any minute huh take me and we're going
to take a
Beth I don't know why I keep might as
I've heard sometimes when babies teeth
they sometimes will refuse to nurse so
that could be it but I did I tried to
give a bottle too and he's not really
liking the bottle either I'm still
trying to do a little research it asked
my friends and stuff cuz it I got him to
eat I got him
to take us to go to sleep so yay so good
I'm he actually we took a little bath
and he ate right after that which makes
me happy he had a nice little meal you
look very guilty did you do you just
look so guilty I couldn't die here he's
like like squinting at me like oh I
didn't do it what did you do why are you
so scared
and trashcans good nothing's on the
counters what did you do he looks so
guilty so funny Karma what'd you do so
I've got my monitor right now on oli and
it's just so cool okay watch this I put
all my gadgets down my DS my phone my
monitor
okay so there's oli he as you can see
he's sleeping away in his bassinet and
then I can just take this right here and
I move the camera hang on Carm all the
way around Carmen oh hang on and just go
up a little bit and there's Brian hey
that's so cool it's not just a baby
cam-cam it is really a baby and a
husband cam I can hear them I can talk
to them I can see that it's 73 degrees I
know I've already talked to all this but
I'm seriously obsessed with it I can
play music from it it's like really
really awesome so I can keep an eye on
what Brian's doing whether he's up or
playing a game or whatever and then I
can just bring this right back around
and there's Olly
still asleep hi guys I'm
a four-bed and Brian and baby all you're
still sleeping the been asleep for quite
a while and I'm in but ended bernal
Polly end up editing this in the morning
since it's already really late
so if it's late then you know why cut
and if it's not like then good job Brian
for waking up on time and editing the
vlog I'm putting it up anyways I'm going
to bed I'll see you guys tomorrow
hey or head for it's actually work so
I'm gonna take over temperature okay
ninety eight point eight that's pretty
good so he doesn't have a fever
so he's throw up how many times now like
three four times why do you keep
throwing up dude and it's not like
