God is bigger than the boogeyman he's
bigger than Godzilla and my monsters on
TV Oh
God is bigger than the boogeyman and
he's watching up for you and me
things like thanks for the bum very nice
of you
this is our son baby do amazing things
you got a clean diaper alright now grab
your toasts
now grab your toes oh oh hey let me take
care of that for you Oh Gary Josie's
Cobham Goblin come tight put it in your
mouth
good morning karma you just waking up to
huh what's up boy oh yes this morning
kiss this morning kiss this morning cuz
this morning kisses what about Ollie
King kisses morning kisses there's a
morning get this okay that's enough went
a little crazy huh good morning guys um
today is a cleaning day Oh like every
day is clean gay but today is like extra
cleaning day cuz everything is still a
complete disaster and it's just been it
was yesterday was really lazy and
shopping I guess but yeah so cleaning I
got laundry I got a stuff diapers I mean
you have to stuff diapers are actually
gonna try and clean the garage today
because um Brian wants to set up a spot
in there to do his beer kit that's right
I got him a beer kit I'm best wife ever
hi brain check us out you guys I don't
have anything in my hair usually I just
use like um this molding wax wax works
really good actually um but I have
nothing in my hair I just got out of
shower look uh fluff unit look how
fluffy it is that's crazy I think it's
definitely time for a haircut there we
go
I threw some hair waxy waxy in it and
now it's much less fluffy Missy is
starvin Marvin so I'm gonna make her
some lunch and actually I'm supposed to
go to lunch with my mom today because
she's leaving
but I totally woke up too late and I'm
like kind of bummed because I want to
see her one more time before she went
back to Boise but I talked to her this
morning and look at all the cool stuff
she left with me so she got Boise wild
huckleberry Jam that stuff's really good
Hickory Farms cranberry mustard you
remember when we couldn't find the big
bottles of cranberry mustard because
they don't sell them in California she
brought two big old bottles which is
awesome and then she's also friends with
like the deli lady in her little town
and so she got me a bottle of Boar's
Head cajun mayonnaise which is really
good too so I'm actually gonna use these
on my sandwich right now
turkey sandwich mother trucker yeah
welcome
get out machine cuz you're like a mother
and your daddy trucker hey I found you
guys you guys were under all my laundry
I think you were trying to help me with
clothes but you weren't doing a very
good job
hahaha is my joke today anyways Ollie is
um crying like a lot he's not happy
because he wants me to hold him all day
every day all day earned a bunch was a
major fail turns out that Turkey
we bought it like the day before
Christmas or the day before the day
before Christmas when we because we want
on big shopping trip and got tons of
food and so I made sandwiches for us and
it turns out it kind of wasn't very good
anymore oh I am on strict orders to
retrieve lunch for the missus because
she is cranky you know I mean I get I
get it too though like if I don't eat
for a certain amount of time I do start
to get like cranky I would love some
brings yes zombie I am aware that you
would like brains if ever I come across
a place that is selling them I will get
them for you well thanks it's like
shoving two D'Cruz it's beautiful in
sunny California
are we in locate Perry what do you think
that's good harvest Oh geesh is so
pretty
and on the third day God created cafe
I've got a huge package from Keurig and
I was so excited to open it oh and look
at they threw in some little samples
cool got like a ton of free coffee and
these are the big ones
this is hot chocolate promisee that
these are like the big old packages and
they were really good prices so I got oh
I got um southern sweet iced tea and I
got more apple cider and I got coffee
and hot chocolate just so funny when
you're an adult the things you get
excited over validate and God really did
create coffee on the third day cuz he
created all the plants and trees and
stuff on the third day so thank you
Jesus for um giving us coffee
I appreciate it I had mine that's why
I'm so chipper that's why I don't chip
are you guys nap time I finally got him
tired enough nurse and fell asleep so
hopefully he'll take a nap so I can
Deeks I'm starting to like die I'm
starting to get those shakes like oh my
gosh I'm so hungry I need to eat and I
have to take care of a baby
so good and there's actually not a lot
of food here so Bryan's actually running
to get food well sneak he'll sleep for a
little while because he is just on a
roll today just grabbing some pick-up
sticks or Missy I think she's on a
pick-up sticks fix right now
um and then I also got myself chuck boat
uh Layton so packed it's always so
popular oh and I wanted to say a lot of
people comment about how we eat out a
lot and yeah I mean I think I would
agree I think it's kind of a Southern
California thing but the thing is also
it's so hard to get food for two people
like for Missy and I if I wanted to make
like say turkey sandwiches
oops excuse me if I wanna make turkey
sandwiches I go to the store buy bread
turkey cheese chips it probably about
fourteen bucks and groceries or I grab
myself a sporting nine burrito and a 679
pick-up sticks lunch special for like
thirteen it's like around the same price
so a lot of the times it's cheaper or
the same price
to do it and I will agree like when we
have more kids we'll probably be doing a
lot more grocery shopping and meal
planning and stuff like that because it
is cheaper when you're feeding a larger
family like my mom was upset because she
came to visit and that this week we had
went on a huge shopping trip because we
didn't really want to go anywhere and
she's like I'm so bummed because I watch
you guys and you eat out all the time
and I was so excited to go out with you
guys and eat out all the time
Oh so buddy you my mom was like you guys
eat out a lot
yeah you just give a big ol burp did it
to you that was a good one what's the
say what to say a fun party is soon to
be in your future that is so so we're
going to a party tomorrow we're going to
an engagement party or Missy's cousin
actually everyone's getting married it's
not funny when you have when you're
pregnant
everyone's like having babies and when
you're getting married everyone else is
getting way too so yeah tomorrow we're
actually going to a luau it's not like
we're getting married in but no no I
just mean like like cuz Corbin and
Kelsey are engaged and now you're
cousins engaged you're gonna go to your
first new Wow huh that's okay in my
pocket no I have a shovel oh wait did
you find a shell yeah yeah another
flowers I'm just gonna take these hey
thank you and I take those flowers
yeah I actually planted those there
thanks wait babe are those yours yeah I
got em for Christmas what I don't even
remember that Christmas was a blur was
Christmas a blur for you
no it was like we need to go those are
so cool babe
yeah I really comfy hey what do you
think I mom's pretty pull oh no what do
you think I'm mommy slippers hey hey hey
he's so talkative right now so we pretty
much had like the biggest poop blowout
I've ever had with him he was actually
really disposable his Brian he's putting
him in it and just totally went up the
back on his clothes everything
I don't think I've ever had a people
actually ever so that was fine that was
it was kind of difficult to clean up but
also I'm watching this did you guys know
that they're making us stars like TV
show out of Outlander the book I don't
you guys know but it's like my favorite
book you know how Bryan loves Harry
Potter
I love Outlander like seriously I'm
completely obsessed of the books I read
almost all of them they're just amazing
and they're making a TV show I had no
idea and there's like all these like
YouTube videos about like them at
comic-con and then filming I still
haven't seen like a trailer but like
they have all their like official like
stars like who the who like Klara's and
stuff so if you guys watch it it's
amazing but it's set in Scotland in the
1700s and it's like amazing holy cow you
guys last night I kind of went on a
little gaming binge I didn't count that
so like 2 a.m. and I was stuck playing
due to her there's iJustine I'm a guest
did you guys know I just Dean is
actually on the Grand Theft Auto desk
it's not her it looks a lot like her
though yeah these are the sweet
headphones that I picked up last night
um to like listen to my game so I don't
deserve disturb anyone
and I just I totally got sucked into it
I just like I didn't even look at the
clock until it was like 2 a.m. and then
I was like oh my gosh I need to stop
playing and go to bed oh yeah help me do
laundry although he needs to put on some
clothes of itself I use dilly boy watch
this I get you I get you totally
giggling in this so funny hi baby how
are you doing you feel a little better
now so um I started feeling really sick
earlier like I'm just like not feeling
good like the creepy crawly skin kind of
thing and then um I started running a
fever
so me and ollie because he's been
fussing like all day
sameen only took a nap and who slept for
like ever
um and I have like a fever I don't know
that I think it's like 100 whatever but
then he was just like sleeping he's been
sleeping for like two hours on me and
then he just started throwing up all
over me like what it like like that you
know like that actual throw-up not like
spit up
no guys just been laying here for a
while so I think that we might both be
sick
still scary like when your baby gets
sick it's like yeah so pick me and we're
gonna take a little bath and relax a
little and help to tummy so we were all
supposed to be leaving the house to go
get stuff for the party that we're going
to tomorrow but it's all over sick now
which is really scary
I'm running to go get a baby thermometer
so we can keep up to date on that it's
kind of nerve-wracking when your baby is
sick for the first time mad at myself
thinking maybe we could have prevented
it and I'm I feel really bad for all of
her because he can't be very comfortable
bath time
again it's always interesting when you
take a bath and all baby toys are in
here but he's also getting it with me
though so we worried I hope he's not too
sexy and keep an eye on him make sure he
doesn't get a fever
please kidding relax we had like plans
to do all kind of stuff today and I just
started like feeling sicker and sicker
as the day went on now I just feel like
you know you feel when you get a fever
like here this like dragging and your
body just feels like it's aching and
hopefully this doesn't last long
hopefully it's not like a stomach flu or
something right this is kind of funny
like this are us but good this you could
fill that with anything really it could
be boobies our us and we won't even know
this are us so I got this one it's a
temporal one so all you to do is scan it
across his forehead and it tells you his
temperature so that way it's
non-invasive got a nice focus going and
of course to chocolate
can't go wrong with photograph and
chocolate huh well you don't taste the
chocolate but the bell bass League fun
hey little monkey hey how you feeling
poor girl
Jen's grew up another again Oh Missy did
you see we're just doing it we're just
going ham on the Gatorade there you go
is that big enough for you yeah actually
these ones were this almost the same
price as the little ones yeah so just
our sins so like I was telling you guys
we got this thermometer and all you have
to do I guess is scan it on your
forehead for it's actually work so I'm
going to take all of our temperature
okay hang on
ninety eight point eight that's pretty
good so he doesn't have a fever
so he's throw-up how many times now like
three four times why you keep throwing
up dude and it's not like spit up throat
it's like different huh yeah like a
no-no bashing around with all those toys
this is like the best part of the day
because we just get to watch him like
have fun
he loves the bag like that's like where
he's most content alright anyway I hope
you guys enjoyed today's vlog I didn't
want to say a couple days ago we
announced that we were doing messages on
glide and a lot of people been so sad
they haven't been able to receive a
message back the truth is is that we've
literally gotten so many like almost I
think almost close to like 2000 messages
and the app will only show me the last
100 that come in and we've spent like
hours replying to people but when I go
into the app it notifies everyone that
we're there and then we get like a
million messages and just gets like
totally like the ones that are the
hardest to get to are the people who
first yeah which is just really sad so
totally sad it's like all those messages
are gone now essentially but it served
its purpose because we were able to
conclude a ton of really cool like
Christmas messages at the end of our
Christmas special like my favorite part
of the vlog I know it's so cool be sure
to give today's video a big thumbs up
and if you're not subscribed to our
channel we put out daily vlogs every
single day about our life as a young
couple parent superheroes we're
superheroes
did I mention we're superheroes what see
what superheroes don't make fun of me
alright we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
from Santa huh oh did she okay this is
so cool that he's doing it in the bath
you know because like the warm water
calms him down yeah he doesn't like this
normally when we do tummy time if I want
to catch something
Kramer's impossible just go like this
hang on
