he says I'm JD from California oh I put
I miss you
you're awesome you sent the message that
having you didn't even know we know I
didn't send a message though I just sent
it like nothing no like us you are
flirting with Asian
I think some of those k son baby boy is
gonna do amazing things
morning making cinnamon rolls this
morning I Chi did and I used the
Cinnabon Messick tool is this off let's
turn this I don't think these look like
Cinnabon cinnamon rolls well no I think
they're they're playing games with us
yeah yummy no have you that gate open
you learned that up in the gate he's
very smart I know you want some icing oh
yeah
well yeah hey just to I think a nice
Yankee I set the Christmas vlog which is
a beast to upload last night and then I
woke up and of course I was in error so
I just got it uploaded it's 950 but it's
definitely not gonna process in 10
minutes so couldn't bomb that it's late
but I think a lot of people are waiting
for it it's so good if you haven't seen
the cursor special go watch a so good
actually an opportunity to put some of
your messages from glide I just think
that that part turned out really good
and it was just a really fun long
Christmas day with Christmas joy good
morning guys um we just got up and
getting ready for the day right now um I
gotta tell you I am still exhausted and
I just woke up Christmas just wears you
out plus Lu like house is like kind of a
mess still and so you feel like you got
to do all kind of stuff and it was
exhausting hon dude you slept like a lot
last night huh you slept a lot yeah he
actually slept really good he slept like
seven hours straight I think it was at
least so and he actually slept in even
to like I was like okay you're up for
the day and then he took another little
nap so Christmas wore him out as well so
now we gotta get stuff done today I
don't know if I told you guys I think I
did but my monitor just wasn't working
yesterday with the sound so we're going
to have to return it I really want to
get it done even though it's the day
after Christmas and we all know that if
you go to stores the day after Christmas
it's basically going to be packed with
people returning things and I'm
one of them he was sleeping ha ha what
you doing that again again again oh yeah
that's the whole kind of you
on Sophie's going up the stairs a
munchkin bug I let a bunch Kevin bug
chewing on your new singing my Bobby
it's like a massager you like it you
made out on Christmas what boo ya for
this entire outfit the ice cream truck
just came up oh my gosh yes so this
whole spit thing is like a real deal now
huh it's not it's like it's like friend
from now on you're gonna be spitting he
literally is in my arms and spitting
it's hitting my boots like to spit yeah
I'm like my boots are wet cuz you're
spitting what is that what are those
bubbles Missy went out with her mom and
my mom actually left - she went to San
Diego with my aunt lives so I think I'm
gonna go see her tomorrow cuz she leaves
tomorrow so I think I'm gonna try and
have lunch with her but it was nice
getting to have her for Christmas I've
got some lunch and I'm playing God of
War pretty fixed on God of War it's
pretty much amazing the problem is I got
so many games I don't even know where to
begin so I started playing this and like
I'm gonna I want to play all these but I
just I don't know what I'm gonna find
the time look I got cranberry mustard on
there gum come with my best friend now
he's like you have food I love you so
much if they do to me
he hasn't been sleeping for most of
those trips he's doing like really man
he wants me to like carry him and all
that but I finally fed him he's asleep
I'm trying to not make a lot of noise
and keep walking because sometimes when
he's stopped walking that's actually
when you wakes up so yes he has a
blanket half over his face he's fine
though
but that's how I fell asleep and I'm not
risking anything I got makeup that store
will suck you in and just consume your
wife you're like oh I need makeup egg
every kind of makeup there is how can
make I'm really excited I'll probably
end up doing a video about what I got so
you'll probably know soon it oliver's
decided to use the baby monitor to keep
an eye on his parents they look like
they're okay Oliver so you don't have to
keep watching them but you can see the
temperature in the room they're okay
80 degrees so they really I don't think
you have keep an eye on them okay oh
babe I was supposed to give these you to
you for Christmas
but they didn't comment time but they're
really cool-looking
they're called sticky gram and each one
is a magnet for the fridge so cool and
their pictures that is from I think my
Instagram and then for I also logged
into your Instagram and ordered a set
see oh that's so cool it's a bunch of
like Instagram pictures and they're
squares turn one off
oh is that cool oh cool Holly look at
you yeah these are cool they're called
sticky gram and you can get like big em
or big magnets or little magnets yes is
cool it's like little instagrams yeah I
thought they'd be cool for our fridge
yeah yeah I just love that picture
the first picture you took with baby
Olly remember that dude I don't know if
that's the first one with baby oh yeah
that's the first picture oh I thought
even this one well I take a lot of
pictures
yeah yeah that was that's when we teased
the world with the back of his head
oh my look at that one yeah that's
amazing I'm watching brain I'd be quiet
for a minute what I'm watching Brian put
the stickers on the refrigerator and
karma and hey we're playing right now
and so I'm going to try and freak out
karma karma come here oh my god that's
so funny
karma karma ball tree where's your ball
timer that's the funny thing ever
I'm dying I guess he thinks it's the
raccoon so yeah anyways it's working as
you can tell and it's really really cool
I'm so excited about it so there's the
camera and there's the raccoon so so
Friday is I'm vlogging you I'm vlogging
look what I did with the fridge you guys
I added all our IRL instagrams that
means in real life so cool I love it
yeah he's a pretty cool huh lovers in
the car right now and he's super quiet
and common we don't want to open the
door because I no way God would yell
it's great about us oh oh the eyes are
closing the eyes are closing oh my gosh
it would seriously be a miracle if you
fall asleep before we left I saw ghosts
again come on we gotta go I was at the
mall and I was breastfeeding Oliver in
like the family room area and I was
playing on my DS and
this asian man came in he sat down and
all of a sudden this asian me popped up
on my Super Mario game and I walked in
the room and I played well I basically
walked in and I died immediately because
I was like this is weird and then I just
died and then the guy got up and left
okay so these are the guy hey man and a
sick his Meriden on you
okay so I don't know anything about this
is that pasta so did he just come in the
room kill me and walk out that's really
weird
I'll tell you that the character that
was in on the screen
looked like the man okay it was like
what if he was an assassin that's in
that dude the guy who killed me blue the
blue guy okay yeah that's so funny and
he looked like that in real life he kind
of did like know exactly I wouldn't
least Rita that was like me too but
we're your plate students yes when you
got your do you bring your Diaz with you
oh when you bring ideas with you if
someone walks by with the Diaz then you
like get something I don't know
obviously they can play you on Super
Mario then he says I'm JD from
California oh I put I Missy
you're awesome you sent the message to
him and you didn't even know I didn't
send a message though I just sent it
like nothing no like a you are flirting
with Asian and now you know it's just a
message that goes to everyone
hey you're awesome so that's the light
thing it is national return everything
you got for Christmas - I'm thirsty can
we get something to drink
is there anything you want to return
today babe I would like to return your
wedding ring my ring just ping
I love it yeah I know I'm amazing dog
food we're doing boring adult things we
need to buy dog food tonight so I guess
we're gonna feed him look what I got you
guys orange melon refresher Missy hates
when I do this and I open things can you
open it for me inside the store like
before you buy them I'm thirsty I know
I'm gonna buy it
Oh guys no no it doesn't open it all the
way please you're so weird
thank you mmm more boring adult stuff
ornaments are 50% up oh can we get a
perry the platypus one and the cutest
dog on the Internet boo has his own
owner man that's so cool okay this is
weird
we're trying to find the weird ornaments
which ones do we got got another Fox a
weird looking mouse thing a bird an owl
wait did you say Justin Bieber oh my
gosh that's so funny
do you want to get this this hot dog no
is that a hot dog babe looks like yeah
so I got LittleBigPlanet carding and
it's so fun but this little guy is like
hey your chicken to me clip Brown games
pop pop oh hey hey Nikki baby
you guys can see we have him in a
different diaper because we're trying
out these seventh gen diapers we were at
the store when we saw him and she's like
oh I want to get some for like backup so
that we always have disposable backups
and then I changed him and I was like
I'm gonna try it out it's it's back up
there definitely weird they're all brown
weird well they were so I'm starting to
ask for Olli and I'm gonna try something
a little bit different again this is not
coming out I just bought a new cell
ready to go get it but yeah I think
that's enough my mom taught me this cool
well not me Olli you got all oli people
get for all he's essentially froze yeah
basically
she got all like this cool bath like
pillow I guess you can mmm fits a pillow
but basically you're supposed to be able
to put a minute and he supposed to be
able to sit in it or like do tummy time
in it almost but yesterday I think I was
using her on oh yes I showed it to you
guys disappearing I think I just put too
much water and so I'm gonna try
something different and do like very
very little water
um and then maybe just having like
splashing it almost babe evidence by the
way thing wait can we get a sexy picture
this model and how old are these babe
are very old uh Mickey well I just keep
pulling out my old ones cuz my other
ones keep disappearing all right we're
trying to meet I'm in the bath big Tony
got in the bath that's crazy
so he's got this for from Santa huh Oh
does she
okay this is so cool that he's doing it
in the bath you know because like the
warm water calms him down yeah he
doesn't isn't like this normally when we
do dump each time if I want to catch
something
it's baby pretty much impossible just go
like this
hang on hang on hang on body's doing
hang on people got it oh he did it
rubber ducky you're so fun oh my god I
was very loud I'm sorry buddy let in
last long he basically started screaming
um and was not having it so he gets his
tub and he I mean he really does love
this he doesn't easily complain about it
I just kind of wanted to try something
different I think I'm gonna try and get
something where you can actually sit up
so I'm actually headed to go pick up a
gaming headset and right now it's on
sale and they only have one left at this
game stop so I want to get it while it's
on sale I really want it because at
night it's probably what I'm gonna be
gaming a lot like after I edit the vlog
and stuff and since Oliver still sleeps
in the bassinet next to our bed I don't
really want to disturb him with like
this loud blaring like guns and
screaming and racing and stuff like that
but he playing a student to me Maria
it'sa me Mario I got you a present
yeah Brad some shiny stuff well I got I
got me the headset and I was like I get
Missy something so I got her Animal
Crossing new leaf
cuz a lot of you actually actually
suggested it too so Ashley I I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog
be sure to get a thumbs up if you guys
didn't know Missy put out a casual
Friday video today on her channel and
yesterday I put about put about see ya
babe I can't talk put out a really
really funny video that I did actually
with Siri on my iPhone on my channel
I'll have both of those linked below so
you guys can check it out thank you guys
so much for watching and all the love on
the Christmas vlog yesterday we did 40
five minutes it was crazy if you haven't
seen it go watch that but I'm sure you
saw it right
did you see it did you see it did you
did you did you once you guys smile by
oh yeah dad I have ways baby I said it
look out it's right Pete ready hey wait
wait and open this one it's not
affiliated just open it at the same time
