look how cute this kid looks not only is
he wearing jeans but he's adorable
actually normally I don't like to put
him in jeans because yes you're adorable
to be we all eat like raspberries oh you
have to get real cute in a second huh
geez mom doc you wanted this is our son
baby he's a boy
he's gonna do amazing things
good morning guys I am getting stuff
done um I know I'm probably a lot of you
are like so how did it go how did he
sleep in his crib last night uh he did
it it's loved for like 30 minutes maybe
tops and then he basically started
screaming and I tried to you know
comprehend and leave him in the crib but
in again he was just waking up a lot and
so I just brought him back in here and
put him in the co-sleeper hope he's mad
again Oliver why are you so mad it
didn't go but it was okay and it'll get
better and we'll work our way up to that
point Oliver hey why are you so mad why
are you so mad you want to ride around
on the ground he wants to be out of this
thing and roll around huh okay hey God
it turned out Ollie was just really a
upset because he was really tired so
he's down for his nap and actually I
have a white noise app going on it's
actually just on my phone I probably
should buy one of those white noise like
actual things what are they like
well we're gonna try it out definitely
didn't doesn't really sound a lot like
white noise it sounds more like rain but
I don't know if it really matters as
long as there's some kind of sound going
on so I'm gonna test it out and see how
it works and if he likes it and see if I
can get through more than 30 minutes out
of him maybe he'll sleep for 45 minutes
yeah I gave a little pep talk before I
went to sleep it's like let's try 45
minutes doesn't work we can go back to
30 but let's just try it see you know
try it on see where's Bryan he has
involved
hi hi what are you doing I'm not
dragging - he wants to buy a jacket for
himself so comfortable I want to take it
off I mean we used to buy the same shirt
in high school yeah I read on the same
day yeah maybe we're a band shirts like
Chiodos and stuff like that yeah yeah
thanks
so this is giving me jobs that's why are
you gonna check on it oh yeah Missy's
piling everything out and she's ordering
me around like a slave you guys good
morning guys
starting on today we're just doing some
laundry oh that was probably really
rough getting caught up on stuff mmm not
you consuming me basically uh you know
boring adult thing boring adult things
boring adult Thanks
so every time Missy puts all of her in a
nap she's always like how cool would it
be if he slept for an hour and I was
like yeah that would be cool
except you keep Jinky jinxing ah yeah
good job is he still sleeping
where's he yeah yeah you could hear him
so sleep same position stay there for
two hours jinkx does wanted to be
amazing though parents actually have
kids who will nap for two hours and and
we're insanely jealous Mike do you know
how many videos we'd be able to film if
he napped for two hour but we would
probably be a lot more productive though
Missy is actually trying to get over a
second wind woke up at like 25 minutes
normally we can get 30 minutes out of
him but we got 25 minutes out of him
she's upstairs she's gonna feed him
again and see if he'll take another
short little nap - 30-minute naps that
means about an hour right he's laying on
the ground what up bro
hi karma bye right now I'm making some
lunch I just got some rice going looks
good it's just about done I really love
making white rice and with plenty of
rice cooker because is it the worst way
to do it because you essentially get
like that much rice and then all the
bottom is
burnt on and nasty and stuff chicken in
the oven we're gonna be doing is just
some General Tso's chicken or two Tso's
whatever trying to rock it now welcome
to sleep she sees me see if that works
oh I think she's got him laying downs
maybe we're gonna try him on his belly
mm-hmm come on baby what's wrong with
this kid come on dude I know you're
tired frustrating it'll come thank you
trying
you're gonna keep driving yeah when we
get a nice Drive let's go somewhere I
get my nice Drive let him sleep and then
go into a movie theater I just want him
to sleep in his crib he's gotta learn to
put himself back to sleep and you're
really tired I know that hmm
so there comes a time I think in every
American's life this is really important
when you just have to realize that it's
no longer worth it using the chopsticks
for your rice it's just annoying I'm not
getting any rice I'm switching to a fork
okay I'm over it look at this kid you
guys he looks tired you look very very
tired just giving quit smiling at me
quit quit it quit smiling at me
but yeah his eyes are just they were now
he's all happy Missy I keep looking at
him and he keeps smiling ooh
you suck you look how cute this kid
looks not only is he wearing jeans but
he's adorable actually normally I don't
like to put him in jeans because yes
you're adorable too but that was kind of
weird I'm sure he's doing so anyways I
don't normally put him in jeans because
I don't know jeans are uncomfortable
they seem like they wouldn't be very
soft and stuff but these ones are so
cool they're almost like like I guess
like a jegging texture obviously they're
looser than that but they're like really
soft and comfortable but they look like
jeans even button art or they just have
a little snap and they have belt loops
and they're really cute I think they're
by faded glory we like these jeans but I
actually just pulled them out I don't I
don't think I ever bought them I think
that I got him off Craigslist like when
I purchased a big load of clothes from
Craigslist I think that's where these
came from
cuz I just pulled them out oh my gosh I
can't even I have to film the rest of
his outfit it's just so cute you look
boy I know he's wearing jeans and a
shirt it says daddy's little buddy you
have a crocodile karma loves crocodiles
don't say crocodile he'll run up and get
you he does this thing now he loves to
laugh but he only goes oh he doesn't
know how to laugh the other way huh ah
only well everyone smile let it out but
it's like he like is holding back his
last he's like yeah let you laugh out
ready keke keke keke keke keke keke so
we're filming a video for uh
Missy's channel and we have this really
cool shot um where she is playing her DS
with ollie
and it putting him to sleep I think he's
like uh I'm done I'm done with work he's
really asleep babe that's so funny
maybe you should play the ice with him
before naptime so boring this would be
the perfect time to go see frozen you
know that right
I know it's on in 30 minutes I just I
don't get like useless things to put in
my house
get it why would I put that in my house
just put it in a house it's like this
letter set but it's just like a thing
that sits on the ground no put it on a
desk or something babe I don't think it
goes on like that Holly is like this is
the most boring game in the world
oh go on my bed yeah so you know I'm
really really super excited about
Outlander coming out it's a TV we'll use
me a book it is a book and they're
making a TV show and I'm so excited if
you don't know it you should either go
read the book
we're get really excited cuz they're
about to make a TV show and to be like
the best TV show ever
give me like Game of Thrones but like a
million times better see what I mean
this game is owns the book great yeah so
like this is like the suit anyway that's
on Starz I'm like super excited about it
anyways they are in act in LA right now
and I didn't go just goes on all night
stuff like this but they just put up a
picture and look at that's Jamie and
he's gonna kill cue guys there's Jamie
and he's gonna killed she really freaked
out she was like ooh I'll add her update
and then she opened the picture she was
like be honest baby game find him
attractive this Jamie you the real Jamie
oh I don't know you Freddie some parts
that buck and I hope you don't find him
attractive well how could you not you
can make him any face you want
definitely not how I pictured him but
when are they really how you picture
them you know they just kind of become
the person United mean after you walked
nasty good I'm show you didn't picture
Harry Potter that way at first rate I
don't know I think I know Harry Potter
is completely different and I didn't see
the first Harry Potter movie until after
I read the first book and then I read
all the other books uh-huh
so everyone was how I pictured members
yeah and I actually didn't like for
Twilight I watched the movie before I
read the first book and so I had already
had a vision of what they all look like
you're going to do it it is it is
because I was like I already have like
face it I have to like come up with
faces in my brain anyways we're being
ridiculous and we just watched tosses
back into someone else look they're
clearly behind their other car yeah back
out like there's like millions of cars I
can't not like nice there's like a lot
of cars around here and like before you
back out you should probably look this
is probably someone just literally
standing in front of finally gonna go
see frozen I was thinking about it and
as long as we go like early enough okay
there's not a lot of people and if there
are people it'll be like young kids so
of course they're gonna make noises
so if only makes noises okay but so far
right now he's because lots of music and
colors oh crap oh I know you people have
mine everyone decide to go see it ah no
Josh I bought on the phone I'll fast I
don't know I don't what if I run there
why are there so many people crap so I
thought I was being smart and I was
jumping on my iPhone to get tickets to
beat this line and I literally click
purchase two tickets and then it says
error no longer available
oh no so I don't really want to be in a
very very full crowd anyway then why did
we come at Friday afternoon that's
clearly
this is pretty much a fail babe you
realize how long we've been saying we're
gonna go see this movie I think we're
waiting now until it's out sorry your
copycat that's my jacket so comfortable
I like my color it is so comfortable but
I'm going to say mine so should I not
get the same one no I I don't actually
care that much they have yellow yeah I
got I like the green kind of but yeah I
do I obviously like it since I have it
myself
so this random guy just walked up to us
and grabbed our kid poop what the heck
and now he stopped cut he was literally
like he looked Missy looked at him and
then he like started screaming and I
guess John must have heard him I did I
am running water that's all he's
actually smiling now lollipops so now
that we ran into John we're helping him
shop and Oh John was actually we were
playing GTA online the other day and so
what we sort of both did it so I think
we're planning tonight to do some major
GTA online kind of like craving but I
don't played it in like two days been
playing a lot of Tomb Raider how do you
feel about that Missy that okay
Tomb Raider do you ever play the old
tomb raider for ps1 eight years where
she her body was like totally like out
of proportion and like I'm not you're
playing
things a girl I don't get it haha if you
don't get it then that's great
what are you doing he's like he's
hanging like my hair right it's like a
handle tab do you see that yeah is he
smiling he seems to enjoy it
he's anyone got a binky on it's very
interesting this is the best thing in
the world right now you guys ha fresh
bread grabbing some stuff for dinner
tonight we got bread you want to get
some salad salad sounds good I like the
kind with the Asian stuff and the chick
the cranberries and the wontons this
looks really good come on by the way on
a scale of 1 to 10
leave in the comments below hold
Orville's that's ok we're magic you guys
see that come on words Ollie pop c'mere
Ollie pop dad's a good boy he rolled
over now crawl over here come on
you can do it see we're trying to tire
him out cuz he we don't think he's tired
and it's almost bedtime
you got your body position now roll
toward me no he's rolling toward me come
on there you go
now roll again come on come on
count me you doing it that's right ok
see it's now does it need to crawl you
can just roll toward me of course he
does he's smart
Jamie so Ollie is asleep now and
we're just getting ready for bed and I
just got done uh playing Grand Theft
Auto online it's actually pretty cool
because I played with some of you guys
if I played with you guys let me know in
the comments it was so much fun
games are so much funner when they're
online I seriously had so much fun
playing with you guys tonight
so thank you so much but I gotta go
ahead and end the vlog because Ali's
sleep in it's like midnight
I played away too long but I hope you
guys enjoyed it click thumbs up if you
did and we will see you guys tomorrow
peace out suckas what what what okay bye
oh look look at his face hahaha like
that like a 15 pounder hey wait how much
does he weigh down 17 pounds 5 outfit
yes don't guilt son son son I love you
guys remember this horse but that's the
horse that Bailey played with last year
when we were baby seeing her and she
learned how to like
