how many we can get it on top of your
head let's see how many we can get it on
top of your head let's see how many we
can get on top of your head one more
down good boy
there's a new amazing things good
morning my internet friends how are you
it is really bright outside My Morning
Sun okay so I'm freaking out this
morning because I checked my iPhone I'm
still number one on the Shorty Awards
for video bloggers so if you guys
haven't voted please vote for me I'll
have a link below in the description all
you have to do is connect your Twitter
account and then it tweets it out I'm
following people who do I think it's
just so cool because we're on day like
what like 3 think we're on 349 so we're
like so close to one year of daily
vlogging I don't know it's just really I
think that would be a really cool thing
to happen after hitting one-year daily
vlogs would be actually winning a shorty
award for it that'd be insane hey guys
getting ready for the day but it's
actually time for all his nap and I'm
getting it bot already and he keeps
trying to eat off of it think that means
we're past the hole we don't like
bottles huh you want this bottle right
now so I got a sauce of milk and get
this bottle ready and then I'm gonna
have crying do you need attention is
that what you need it's like glue that
up such a dork he's like my my 3 year
old child
hey Karma hey I think in dog years
you're supposed to be like well over
this this age come on karma we can do
this so much get that did it get this
gets it get the ball and put it in there
mmm come here
here right here right here put it right
in there ah he doesn't know what to do
very good when you nominate you have to
like give like a reason and I've been
reading through those all morning my
Twitter's just been going crazy so ah
thank you guys so much for that it's
just really reassuring when you when
you're doing something like this and
you're putting your all into it and
people start to recognize it you know
what I mean I think that's that's just
one of the coolest feelings in the world
making the bed that's how I make the bed
bTW haters gonna hate he's like yes I
will take this right now all right
time for your yep this is the secret
formula you guys we figured it out it's
feeding him with a bottle in the dark
and locking him in the chair it's like
the recipe for the perfect nap yeah and
actually in regards to the whole like
year-long of daily vlogs I just realized
we've actually been having a year-long
conversation with you guys when you
think about that way isn't that awesome
and you guys have been like
participating in that conversation too
which is really cool making some pizzas
for lines Pizza Pizza Beta Beta Beta I'm
gonna try and make this southern sweet
tea again in my Keurig last time as you
know oh crap
does it not fit ahh Oh like you did a
little dip like that it fits
I put weight to my eyes last time and I
did the fullest one so I'm gonna do that
one this iced tea is actually really
good but yeah last time it like
overflowed in it went everywhere I was
kind of crazy
success I didn't make a mess this time
and this cup worked perfect look at kind
of Christmasy well we did get him for
Christmas
yay he's asleep oh did you want to see
see he's asleep did you care no I'm not
really he's trying some attention all
right well you got it
he's moving babe look at him sleeping
with feet up like that
his eyes are shut though
go back Iceland not like to do more than
30 minutes is that a good nap time
though 30 minutes I feel like it is our
really good two hours that would be
awesome I don't think I was ever a big
Napper when I was growing up though and
that probably has a lot to do with it I
don't know cuz he's got my genes in him
he's got my genes and him you guys by
the way you guys check out this cute kid
on my shirt booyah lollipop did you guys
know there's actually a new code you can
get 20% off everything in our merch
store it's like a really big deal
because they don't do 20% off very often
so if you guys want to get any March now
is the best time to do and actually I
don't you ever think I've seen anything
more than 20% off so I'm probably gonna
order some merch myself because I've
been wanting to send a couple gifts so
I'll have that and the link below in the
description it looks like you went back
to sleep he's like holding the blanket
to himself I'm like he's thank you what
is that big white ball oh is that the
caterpillar yeah I think that's
caterpillar this is so cool the angle
you have it on babe Oliver time for
sleep hey I know you get up a little
while ago he's here like who's talking
to me yeah I swear he was right out the
camera do he's like what are you doing
the keys that found their nap and he's
in a really good mood I don't I don't I
don't know
oh nice cool yeah we can yeah we just
stared at him working on my calves no my
calves are my legs working on my biceps
oh look at his face uh-huh like that
like a 15 pounder hey wait how much does
he weigh now 17 pounds yes
don't guilt Thunder and if you guys
remember this horse but that's the horse
that Bailey played with last year when
we were babysitting her and she learned
how to like get on it and ride it and so
whenever she's over now she loves it but
I'm gonna put alia on it what do you
think of that idea I actually put it on
him on it last night and he was laughing
so hysterically thought it was the
funnest thing ever someone put it on
right now Chris mom you help me a little
higher okay there you go buddy
that's how you do it new outfit after
that spitting up fiasco but this time
don't get like motion sickness like that
volley over look at this guy's down for
his second nap that's pretty cool yeah
started getting really tired and I was
like huh oh let me put you down and I
just lemon this room and he fell asleep
and that was that and he's up aren't ya
I actually just did my video and I
talked about all these little bottles
that I've used and it's kind of
interesting to go check it out and I've
talked about a little dilemma with the
bottle and actually it's up right now so
yeah he just woke up and I got 30
minutes on the die this kids is not
speak anyone ravenna 30 minutes he's
stoned naive you are you're natty yeah I
was like dig he's really sleeping it
like I like 29 minutes I was like oh my
gosh I bet he's gonna sleep longer than
30 minutes is so cool
BAM he woke up he was just like nope I'm
done I actually do miss him when
sleeping I'm like no he's sleeping I
wanted to wake up and hang out with me
and then when he's awake I'm like oh
sure you don't even
I was just looking for a picture to
throw back this go back Thursday today
draw back turned and I was again this
way sure I think I've showed you guys
before but I was like looking around I
was like trying to figure out what we
were thinking in this picture exactly
yes okay so this is our prom oh yeah the
awkward prom pose okay so this is our
prom picture and by the way look at that
dang dress I'm looking us crazy
that's pretty cute dress okay actually
it's so cute I just love it look at my
little bell and I have a red Crisanta
Brian's hair even I was still growing up
he did that and you just looked
uncomfortable and I was like does it
look awkward she's like oh no no it
looks really good and then we got the
photo we're like no that's like the
epitome of awkward yeah oh I'm gonna
mean that I'm trying to think of what I
was seeing here but look at my death
grip on Brian's fingers right here I
think I'm like are you gonna drop me and
like I'm just like I'm looking at him
and I try to figure out what I was
thinking I think I was thinking why are
we doing this so I don't know how I just
learned this but I guess the gate of our
Prius has this cool little handle no and
then you could just pull it down just
like that I'm sorry I saw you do it and
I was like I want to be cool I want to
be cool and pull on the handle all your
sleeping and we're headed into the mall
and MSE is complaining that it's cold
what is it what is it though really it's
54 54 you guys get it 64
yeah I said 64th day it's colder than I
need you I get Brian
Missy's trying out makeup and I'm
rocking out to ha tectonic wisdom
hmm that's Noda man
what is the song oh they're right here
right here love is a battlefield on the
way to go see you at work we'd always
okay oh and then while I was at work we
actually had it on my jukebox my old
hole job we always put it on and we
totally like sting SuperLab yeah
Oh miss you look at this one's called
the orgasm collection that's kind of
raunchy anyway I think no matter what
they get makeup really weird names like
these are shades New Guinea Mac Oh Cadiz
Stromboli isn't that like an Italian
food
this is Stromboli it will make your face
smell like marinara all right so I just
left Sephora and a few weeks ago I
bought a makeup called Maura
so I'm trying out the Smashbox yes let
me know if you guys do Smashbox um but
it looks kind of nice but I don't want
to buy it and I'm sorry I did I did you
nerd talk yet or he didn't hurt I guess
maybe I didn't want to buy and return it
like I did yesterday or just now because
it really wasn't fun to do that so I'm
trying a sample out so hopefully I like
it and then if I do I'll buy it
Missy's been begging me for a hoodie so
rattled maybe they don't have any for
girls so this is a guys small they don't
have extra small I don't think it looks
I don't think looks big babes well it is
a boy jacket I know I didn't like it
looks like baggy
but are you looking about your fun I
know I mean obviously I wanted to be
buddies jacket food
how to get a quick coffee break and I
got this new caramel flan from Starbucks
have you guys heard they're doing this
and it's actually pretty good it kind of
just tastes like caramel that's right
what has copying it now it's just so
funny because as people walk by us in
Starbucks they like go out of their way
to like look at him do you notice that
like the lady was in line she walked
back to our table to sneak a peek just
to look at it and I'm like oh he's a
cutie you can't you see this and then
you're like I want to just stare at this
forever mm-hmm
I mean that's why you're watching this
be honest am i right you're watching
you're watching this video for this
right here all right dude are you ready
are you ready for it to get bad are you
ready to get ready for the night coming
straight up go on just tell me straight
up dude you're looking at the baby on my
shirt that's you that's you right there
little lollipop tonight Missy and I are
going to switch roles a little bit I'm
going to get him all ready for nighttime
I'm gonna give him a bath
Missy I'll take over after that cuz I
ain't got the boobies for the job I
she's got the boobies for the job and I
don't so the day we're out of Hobby
Lobby and we couldn't get this thing out
of our mind since then because we bought
all these little knickknacks but there
was one thing we didn't get we just
couldn't get out of her - were like 10
bucks so we went to Hobby Lobby and we
picked it up and it's this cute little
memory board that's like a cork board
it's like burlap with this cool string
it's super cute
and we put all these cute little things
on it Brian set it all up is to
everything on it is so cool so this is
my letter from Kelsey asking to be a
bridesmaid and then here's a picture of
garment oh my gosh it's so cute this way
to use a puppy throwback Thursday here's
another one actually okay I'm up there's
ollie me I add a while all right and to
remove the bird over that way tell us
what you guys think about it I think
it's really cute though it's starting to
come along like we kind of want to do
like a mismatched wall of like clutter
almost I don't want to look like it's
like a controlled clutter that makes
sense so like Brian said he's getting
ollie ready for bed and well not ready
Fred he's just like giving him baths and
like putting his night clothes on I
gotta do the hard work which is nursing
and putting him to sleep this is what
happens when Daddy
in charge of bath time just throw all
the toys on Olli do all the toys of
Italy which one you want you like that
one what's that
that's a seahorse Missy thinks it's a
hammer it's not a hammer to seahorse
let's see how many we can get it on top
of your head let's see how many we can
get it on top of your head let's see how
many we can get on top of your head one
more one more
oooh oh they all come crashing down get
you off rice to clean let's get you a
fresh egg Clyde what are you doing you
trying to eat the towel got you a dyke
bar we got you a jumper a jumper yeah
that's what they call like clothes in UK
actually I've always wondered they
always say in Harry Potter but I wasn't
sure as a jumper like your jacket
is it your clothes your pajamas your
robe look at this you guys Oliver is
down for the night and he's not in our
room he's in his own room sleeping in
his crib very emotionally hard for me I
know how long it's going to us if
anything just like the first couple
hours because we are still in here at
night and he's bleep around and we do
things and like I have the light on
I can talk at a normal volume everything
is changing I mean it's really cool for
the first couple hours maybe he'll sleep
better maybe I was part of the problem
and he was just waking him up too much
yeah plus alright guys I'm gonna end the
vlog but I hope you guys enjoyed it be
sure to click that thumbs up button it
just lets us know that you like what
we're doing we're almost at a year of
daily vlogs
that's insane hit that like button I do
want to remind you guys you can get 20%
off at our merch store with the code
money 20 I'll have a link below in the
description and Missy put out a casual
Friday video so go watch it what are you
doing go watch it we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye okay I think this one
actually has Rafat watch this I'm gonna
go for it
you ready think was a dip it
it's a little bit okay you ready yeah
I'm good
okay okay
