hey Oliver he did wait what Oh Oliver
Hey just getting up my butt big guys
secretive um very nice of you
this is our son Bailey
boy do amazing things
no nope oh no no market you I'm got you
what do you do now you want some coffee
do you watch em caffee smells good huh
good morning guys you're moving around
but he gave me strict orders to put him
in a diaper and what was the rest and
clothes yeah
I'm Clyde to put him in clothes cute
something cute she said cuz apparently
we have on cute clothes and I put him in
them come on come on
I think I'd like kind of a rude thing to
say because you're saying if I put him
in something cute it makes me not cute
anymore
Hey good morning good morning morning
morning okay I got this cool car
there you go
you can eat it go ahead it's okay oh my
gosh
fill that warm Sun you're naked e you're
naked a you need to close when you put
some clothes on you sir okay this is
cute
move it you in this and grab a
long-sleeve for underneath there we go
let's see what mommy thinks of this huh
Ian's already are getting ready to head
out we're gonna go shopping with my mom
and Wow
I think Bryan did pretty singing good I
told Bryan and put him in something to
you and that's pretty much adorable
although not totally outside been apart
some socks on him and hopefully that'll
help and then also look at this point
are you guys I don't know if you guys
really cow but I did my ponytail I
watched a video from cute girls
hairstyles I love you guys know her and
she was like the perfect ponytail I was
like okay I mean put it in a little
rubberband and found that big of a deal
um but it's like really crazy so you
guys should go watch it and it makes
your ponytail look longer than it
actually is so it's really cool guy
found socks for him that practically
match his outfit like almost perfectly
that's pretty cool
you get matching socks and a jingle so
you can play with them he's really into
playing with his feet so this will be
fun room so at Target we're shopping
we're actually looking for like
organizational stuff for downstairs
found this and it's got 9 cubes in it
and you can put like a few little like
things in here shooting butter books in
there and like things and oh no I think
we really like this one so I think we're
going at this and then we've got this
super cute basket and mother colored
baskets
actually they actually these baskets are
really cheap at IKEA IKEA is so far away
from us like it's like an all-day trip
so we don't like to do that unless it's
like absolutely necessary so
we're just getting these ones at Target
so Missy's out shopping with her Madre
so I'm gonna try and use this
opportunity to get some gaming in and
I'm gonna play the last of us because I
beat uncharted 3 and I'm really quite
sad about it my legs are doing this
thing right now where I was sitting and
they're like both asleep walking like
really quickly I'm drunk ok so I don't
know how much I'm gonna get into the
Last of Us because I want to play a
similar game to uncharted you know what
I mean
look who's awake and you're being so
good like mom I swear every time you go
to sleep you wakes up somewhere
different like where are we now what are
we doing here you look so cute with your
hoodie on and with a binky in it's very
very cute look at this
we only mean Brian always walk by at
Albertson's they have these turanians
that are like real but look at this one
these are fake but they're actually just
as cool and they have they look kind of
like they're real and alive but they're
totally fake and which I kind of like
because I don't like the idea of it
dying so cute they're like a ton of them
probably should get hit some for the top
of our TV stand my mom made me trade
baskets and it's really heavy and I can
barely see over where we're going
plus I think she just wanted to look at
the baby we're gonna try to run it to
people people just move right yeah okay
I'm coming through hi oh my gosh you a
after that camera
come here conceit cuz the eye is the eye
it looks like like oh I like that a
newsie it's baby like huh no it's funny
huh car is funny girl like this faizon
Olli wait ha and I ordered a ton of cure
except I got this celestial southern
sweet perfect iced teas you guys know
you can brew like cold things in the
Keurig this is the coolest thing ever so
what am I do
gonna pop this southern sweet perfect
iced tea in there
a couple of ice and then I'm gonna brew
it right on top and I did this yesterday
and it turned out awesome it was like
not like that sweet so it had like good
flavor and it wasn't like super like
black tasting also I'm feeling very
naughty today apparently okay we have a
small kind of disaster here because oh
it just went blurry my cameras were like
don't look don't look
it's too bad um this clearly is not a 12
ounce cup I think it's kind of slanted
at the bottom so it's it's foolery
missing okay but it didn't overfill
right it's not uh yeah it's kind of over
like making a mess in the kitchen with
my Keurig okay and we're golden
boom weeks ago actually I went through
all his clothes and I got all his um
clothes at normal don't do that that no
longer fit and I put them in this bag
and I was like I will just worry about
this later and so I finally got a couple
of bins I'm gonna start putting them
away going through all that Oliver's
playing with his toes there you go he's
like wait a second these have rattles on
them if you so funny
oh he's gonna pull it off you're gonna
pull your sock off
oh hello hello thank you hi okay how
about we not walk all over everything
yeah hey go bye
what does this sound you're making dude
what is it can you please tell me what
that means what does that sound is he
screaming I think you just figured out
how to like make loud sounds and voice
it's so weird
because like uh what is it you like
singing
he's totally holding it himself I can't
believe that he's so smart
yeah up a little more dude
okay so I gave Ollie a bottle and then I
fell asleep now he is taking a nap yeah
the plan is working what we're trying to
do is when we want him to Nev we want
him to associate the bottle with nap
time so someone else feeds him and then
he gets tired and then takes his nap so
that was a success and I feel good
don't the camera are you gonna be
working into you still it's all just
gonna say you guys I cannot get into the
last of us I tried and I don't know if
it's just like too difficult or if I'm
not really like understanding it but I'm
playing I literally just had to stop and
I was like ah maybe have to like start
the game over because I started it like
a week ago and I forgot all the controls
and like what I'm really supposed to be
doing but I don't want to start over
because it literally was like 30 minutes
until the game started like you have to
watch stuff so I don't know I'll
probably try again I like watching it
yeah it's actually someone tweeted me
and they said her boyfriend is playing
it for the third time and she literally
watched him play every single time she's
like it's movie yeah yeah she's like it
was so cool to watch him play like yeah
I know it is fun cuz it's so like real
looking yeah no games were like that
there so she is not real was on Twitter
and I started getting these mentions for
saying that they people weren't
nominating me and I was like what and I
guess the Shorty Awards just open up
their nominations and people are
nominating me for video blogger which is
really really cool I don't expect to be
nominated for like YouTube star or
anything because I want to consider
myself a YouTube star but I mean we're
like 19 days away from filming 365 days
of like in like a year of the other
daily vlogs you know I mean every single
day every single day and I think that's
such a feat and I'm like blown away by
the nominations and actually let me show
you guys something so this is the
category I'll have this link below so if
you guys want to nominate me um you have
to just connect your Twitter account and
then you type in the username at Bryan
Lanning and then you give a reason why
i but look at this you guys I mean I
mean nominations just started and
granted Charles has no idea so he's not
saying anything but I've in front of
char like I think that's pretty cool and
I got my buddy Austin he's number three
yeah if you guys nominate me that's
that'd be amazing I'm actually following
everyone who nominates me on Twitter
because that is just such an honor I
think so
so yeah this oh you just interrupted my
meal sick really and have your blood
right now look at this lucky you give me
the staredown bro oh my god oh that was
a good burp and it had nothing come out
so that means it's good to good we
hungry karma see we've implemented a
system to know when Karma's e'en so
today is the seventh and it's got one
mark so he ate breakfast and now he
needs to eat dinner because he will
literally lie and be like I'm hungry
feed me
and then we'll feed him and hey like
tricks us into feeding them twice so
there you go and I got a mark that you
had dinner cuz you're a little piggy but
it's getting kinda light and we just
found out we had nothing for dinner we
had chicken but we were supposed to put
it in the refrigerator but it got put in
the freezer and we found this out and
our chickens frozen and so watch waiting
for dinner you guys leave no comment
no actually though if you guys leave
dinner suggestions of like things we can
make and stuff that really helped us cuz
it'll be like where we going for dinner
and then I'll just like I'll just go
read the comments on that one video and
see what people say yeah
tired and I really don't want him to go
to sleep in the car
we got we're out hey hey kit no sleep
bed no sleep and wake up so the mission
is dinner keep dinner and keep Olly away
yeah we all just move the wheel like
that's like rocking Oh can't do that
okay our plan to keep Olly awake was
starting to backfire on us so we had to
try a new plan
oh yeah we're gonna carry you around the
star oh I'm not on the face bro so yeah
hopefully by holding him he won't fall
asleep if we're holding him most likely
itself no he's pretty observant now yeah
but while we're out we're also looking
for something for Olly to sit in
downstairs and like we want will Vaughn
like yeah we wanted to be like the
Walker even though he probably can't
even reach on this when you King whoa
cool let's see if he oh I want to see if
he could touch it was like he could
touch Luke solo yeah no hi girl don't
okay
look at those tired eyes gotta take his
bath but he is so tired huh
hopefully he sleeps good night um yeah
she looked pretty good last night so
it's pretty happy it's always just a
guessing game with you isn't it like we
got like our nighttime routine good and
down
actually I just filmed that so I my
nighttime routine will be up next week
so I'll be really interesting but I got
that down but it's like the waking up in
the middle of night that just kind of is
random sometimes it'll happen like you
know three or four times maybe just once
a night it's like totally random so oh
and I also have a new video actually um
today you should go check it out it's an
ask Missy and it was actually kind of
funny because it's not a the regular ask
me see that I do is kind of more like
funny questions oh my gosh I am so tired
you guys I did a ton although it's not
all the way done things are kind of a
mess Lisa what's the one else um oh
that's there the three-month of clothes
yeah that's falling here no I think I'm
gonna pack it away and that's all
newborn clothes
like newborn diapers and yeah yeah it's
pretty full sounds Devin was like oh my
gosh I believe this so yeah I can't pull
up there so this subscribers in that
yeah yeah it's funny cuz almost
everything in this room is from a
subscriber it's really crazy
what's amazing this whole room is like
like subscribers subscribers if area you
want everything what do you want this oh
good down the hall for now I don't to
put it away until I know 100% for sure
that I put everything in it you know
yeah put it back it was so cute
did being forever to put it there and
like get the legs and stuff that's good
enough right Brett
um no we are gonna go to bed we got Olly
to sleep finally and I'm editing a
really cool video for Missy's channel
next week but anyway okay it's like
today's vlog given a thumbs up you did
buddy he's chewing on it guys this is a
knit midair to not even my new this is
new oh my gosh house is pretty big wait
don't thank me is so all right guys I'm
gonna make the joke I'm gonna make it
ready mmm thank you soup you did the
other day with that diapers your moans
like what are you wasted
