young-kyu camera hey you just grab right
here
how not my fingers there you go and he's
bogging his belly belly
yeah hold it Oh Oh guys is it cold
are you doing here changes bed with me
this is all time baby
good boy
he's gonna do amazing things which movie
dishes oh hey hi are you doing under
there
Delaney are you doing Pam peekaboo oh
hey hi good morning
could eat you guys ah so I am currently
stuffing diapers um and oh my gosh I
gotta tell you guys I am loving this new
soap they really actually work I did
have a leak the other day but it was
really like a fluke so um I'm really
happy with it
um I got laundry do every day I got
laundry to do like a whole load up there
I got a fold and I probably do another
load in the washer Ollie are you playing
see it's mad when he drops his toy huh
new job you're doing here you go
good morning guys so today I was
thinking we always say good morning
whenever we like start to talk or like
say hi to you guys because we see you
every day and that's what you say to
someone when you seem in the morning
because it's morning time for us well
not right now right now it's like 11:30
and we kind of just had a slow slow
morning I realized a lot of people
probably see this vlog in the morning
and in the afternoon and at night
because all people all over the world
watch us so here's what I need you guys
to do leave in the comments below
do you see us in the morning the
afternoon or the night and maybe it's
just gonna have to be one of those
things where I say good morning good
afternoon and good night guys you know
what I mean trying to get some things
done but I'm headed to Baron's market
it's one of my favorite places to get
food and they have like a lot of really
healthy organic food and they have an
amazing choice of hot soups and I'm
feeling like hot soups woke up and it
was cold this morning we got the heater
going and so I'm running to go get soup
for everyone and he's watching more both
watching
um I think tell the real story of puss
and boots or something like that
I'm the cat from Shrek and we've got the
heater on and it's nice and comfortable
in here and we're just hanging out it's
really nice comfortable morning Holly
Oh mad over a car currently says that it
is 58 degrees out so it's cold it was
weird cuz like it was cold and then it
was warm and now it's cold again and I
don't know it's gonna be okay so the
road is blocked no I just go around the
cones I'm going I'm doing it I'm just
going around the car with you guys whoo
feel like a dared I feel like I'm on
like good course I can play Mario Kart
or some i'ma throw bananas at all these
cars look guys aren't you proud of me
I'm wearing shoes today
yesterday I was wearing slippers to the
store what's up you look bored well put
karma that is not you Oh farts
non-players winnie-the-pooh going grab
it grab it
oh it's vibrating huh let's got back
from barons market and this is
the most amazing soup you guys it's a
white chicken chili and it's got beans
and cilantro and chicken and I guess
even a little bit of sour cream it's so
good I totally would love to like make
something like this from scratch but
there's so good then I also picked up a
Boar's Head sing in which that they had
their - humming time ha hey dude get all
these spike you put all the toys in
front of them so you can look at all of
them which toy do I want to play with
today huh that the Pirates who don't do
you anything I think that's more for
Missy though then always she's watching
the cartoon on it and always playing
with toy toys we found this one is
pretty cool it's like at either and it's
a monkey in it makes noise
- honey cool isn't that cool what does
the Fox say what what does the Fox say 9
ding ding ding conjoining what does the
Fox say you will never know the secret
of the Fox is an ancient mystery what do
you think about that dude see we don't
have the YouTube video babe we can just
put it on Siri Sabu Kappa Kappa Kappa
Tau raka raka raka kau her enunciation
is a bit off but that's pretty pretty
good
it's an ancient mystery I'm sorry it's
been hanging out upstairs because it's
much warmer esta it's actually really
cool down here we have that little here
upstairs so it keeps it like super warm
and toasty so just been working and
getting stuff done and karma ash wants
to play huh you want to play maybe I'll
put my jacket on go outside and play I
want to do that around this time I
usually get a hankering for like
something warm which is what I have my
Keurig for so I'm gonna brew some Joe
need a cup though
um I think tonight we're gonna make
Benjamin cookies so you got eggs and
butter sitting out because the most
important thing about cookies is to have
room-temperature butter and eggs
there's then this this cup I don't know
you can really use this unless it's
Christmastime you know what I mean I've
been trying to get it all over to go to
sleep for like ever
I've been working on it for like a
couple hours now um so I could like get
stuff done and now I'm like exhausted
just from trying to like it in bed now I
knew enough I'm gonna try and lamin his
bed and have him take a nap now that
he's actually asleep and trying it some
stuff down I have one more video I
really want to do it's actually my haul
video and I really want to do it because
well not only do I need to do the video
but um I really wanted to wear the
clothes and I don't really want to put
him in the clothes because then I'm
afraid they'll get lost in laundry and
so I've been like waiting and so I'm
like sitting here waiting to be worn but
I do want to put him in it see I really
needed that video he was a little bit of
a tough cookie today and now he's passed
out he was really tired he just was
really fighting it the whole time but
finally got into sleep and now I'm tired
she I was talking to Missy yesterday
that good okay
boom I was talking to Missy yesterday
how I'm really excited because Christmas
is gonna be here in like five days now
right
but when christmas is here like there's
no there's nothing else to look forward
like christmas gonna be over we're gonna
feel like stop drinking hot chocolate
and listening to Christmas music because
I've literally only been listening to
Christmas music like non-stop like when
we're in the car and going places we
have to take down all the cool like
Christmas decorations and it's just it's
gonna be sad you guys I don't tell me do
you guys feel like that too like when
you the anticipation to Christmas is
like awesome but then when it gets here
it's like well now what do I have look
forward to oh this looks so good
a steaming cup of Nam is definitely
nippy out here you guys you got you got
a frisbee all right I got you I got you
covered you ready pull it
oh this big ol Park you got bro hey yo
you being so good today aren't you you
bein happier you tire you wanna take a
little nap this is the perfect place to
take a nap ha me and my mom are actually
at the grocery store we're going grocery
shopping today this has been one of
those days where literally I've been
like battling all over nap time hon he's
a good fella me Mom like I got him to
sleep earlier we're the only slept for
like 10 minutes as soon as I moved in he
was like all right every week smiley
face I see all that so now we're going
grocery shopping and thinking me I
actually fall asleep it
what kind of like good and continueth
being I feel like he's so tired he's
just gonna go to sleep and I didn't want
to get the whole heart or the stroller
out so I just put him inside here he
seems to not mind
so I've got like his car seat Oy his
green flower his Pooh Bear his bunny
you got everything just in case it's
never enough for him I could throw it
once and I could throw it a million
times and he'd still be unhappy with me
let go
drop that but you got to try you just
have to try Oh
trees are all bare and no leaves and
stuff it's gonna look nice around here
I'm springtime though because we have
lots of really really cool plants that
are like planted around the yard Oh what
was done shopping but al he's still
awake still fall asleep but look at it
like
look tired needed
oh he's like I'm not tired I'm not tired
si are getting beef stroganoff for
dinner which is delicious but we're also
craving pancakes and sausage from
breakfast we're gonna get some
pancakes not these pancakes we're gonna
make pancakes Brian ones like banana
pancakes it how many you want and maybe
I can't reach either okay I definitely
went into the wrong door
you go home I know I look open all right
front legs on the back I think they'd
pay I just think they're stealing
sausage links from the back from the
boxes that's really weird so not only
are we in California and it's really not
that cold but we're inside of stater
brothers and our cashier was wearing a
jacket and gloves
she's very gloves mom the cause of food
because she's cat she's in the cashier
she's like using like literally gloves
you would wear in the snow I was like
really confused you've been spotted oh
yeah mount the camera hey you just grab
right here
how not my finger thank okay
and he's fogging his belly belly yeah
hold it Oh Oh God you got it oh all over
the lens so we're gonna make cookies
tonight and we were all out of milk
and Missy you can't make cookies with
Missy and not have any milk so I
actually had to make a special trip to
the store just to give milk and of
course it's me these gingerbread houses
come preassembled plenty of candy and
icing included what's the point that
they're preassembled
that's the best part I was saying
earlier I've been battling Oliver all
day with nap time he's almost like
hasn't stopped at all he's had like a
couple like little few minute naps but
definitely hasn't napped a good nap all
day today I'm going to bed early I'm
going to well I'm giving him bath night
now you be an extra cute um and then I'm
going to try and put him to bed a little
bit earlier but then I have to get up
early because he's been asleep forever
and then he wakes up super early like
alright I'm ready to get up and I'm like
no it's the second time we tried getting
him to sleep he's not having it more
baby having trouble sleeping
I'm beginning Benji man cookies oh
really get inside now go to the fifth
what the fifth one it's like a new
record I have my camera on silent now so
when I press record she don't house take
three going is he asleep of these how
many takes you think it's gonna take I
hold it am i swallow okay I got cookies
in the oven and they're cooking and
there I made them really big yeah are
you kidding me
this is Kenna having nightmares poor guy
seriously perfect every single time you
guys look at those good or that look
about cookie seriously came out perfect
like they do every single time a lot of
people always ask us about the cookie
it's the benjimantv recipe and we post
it all the time so if you guys haven't
seen it yet we'll put it in the
description so you guys can check it out
too
so click that more link button in the
description and you can learn how to
make these moves and cookies Missy still
upstairs trying to pacify Oliver because
he was not sleeping but it seems quiet
so I'm gonna take some cookies to her so
we ate cookies and here's you guys
we're like amazing parents it's 10
o'clock at night we made cookies we
watched a movie their son is asleep but
he's asleep over there on our bed
so we're hanging out on the couch now
this is using her phone as a light
because we don't want to turn on any
lights and wake up ah umm anyway we're
gonna go now so I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog be sure to give a thumbs up and
we will see you guys tomorrow
there's something probably right I mean
yeah yeah we'll see you guys well
goodbye oh my god Oh what the heck is he
ticklish never do
