okay Brian I just pressed record which
means you can't say any bad words and I
hope you have pants on because there's
no stopping now B we all eat like
raspberries oh you have to get real
cured in a second huh
and frisbees huh doc you wanted this is
our son baby
boy she's gonna do amazing things once
you press record it doesn't stop let me
just say one half word no come on no you
can't even let him open nay huh good but
look what I just tweeted something but
look what all I just discovered I
started you started the binky about like
a month or so after he was born and it
was working but it just wasn't like 100%
and that he just liked Queen himself I
know he weaned himself and um now he's
using it again and it's pretty much
awesome making him smile oh I get
enrolled in it okay that's cool cuz I
mean honestly we've been coming home
almost every time and go out we come
home with him screaming like by the time
we're heading home he's done like he's
literally done and he was able to put
the binky in and he actually made it all
the way home without any screams so that
was pretty good huh yeah yeah so that's
give me a lifesaver I'm still working on
the whole bottle thing though we went
out and bought a new bottle some what we
got oh my god she went to buy my baby
are like favorite store ever oh man
break well I forgot I had a 20 bit of
coupon babe is like a whopping 50 cents
well you know me I like to save money
um okay here it is so I ended up getting
the Playtex just so you know a lot of
people give me a lot of suggestions I'm
pretty sure that everyone has given me
every suggestion out there like that
we've tried to yeah yeah I've tried a
lot of bottles and I don't know if it's
really the bottle I really don't think
it's the bottle I just think that I have
to reincorporate the bottle and just
start introducing it more often but um
I've been getting a lot of them so a lot
of people said Playtex and this is
actually the ones it's a the drop in
liners um so I know it's called like
mimics breastfeeding and had a cool
texture it's not like a movie so I know
I really really hope
works because we are going on vacation
and I would like to you know not have to
stress and if I want to bring a bottle
we can bring a bottle and it would just
be real lifesaver so we're starting
reducing it probably like during a
certain time during the day and just
trying it out and stuff so I don't know
what do you think about it he's like I
don't think it's a good idea I think he
should just stop trying just give me the
boobie yeah today I tried I'm just doing
it straight out of my boob um well let
me explain it like cuz someone has
suggested like maybe it's the taste
because he does make a weird face when
you're feeding it to him it's almost
like yo this is gross and of course he
loves breastfeeding so I was like well
maybe it's you know after it's frozen
and thought he doesn't like it so I
pumped immediately put it into the
bottle and he still didn't like it so I
don't think it's the taste I've ruled
that out
so one roll over for our internet bronze
bunny so cake just woke up hi roll over
can you roll over come on come on boy
Lulu Birds like I knew a little puppy I
think it is really funny how like when
you teach your dog to do things you
teach int okay this is I'm not like
trying to refer to my baby as a dog okay
you know I get mad at me but I'm just
saying that like when you teach your dog
to sit and roll over and stay and like
you teach him no I'm sorry but you teach
the baby the same thing okay can you
roll over he literally Brian put him
down here and I just like turned my face
my head and I came back and he was all
the way over here like completely rolled
like three times like he's like starting
to learn that he could get to places if
you just roll so that's fun huh you're
gonna be mobile here really soon oh here
he goes he goes see I can do it I can do
it you're most of it he's like oh I mean
like this come here you roll over
give me your fingers
I was being what I have an interesting
tidbit to share with you guys I just
popped in Killzone 3 cuz I'm gonna do
some get I haven't games been along like
old days and I'm totally jealous cuz you
just get to pull out your GS and open it
and start playing and it's so easy and I
literally have to put in this disc
update 21.0 look at this update 1.1.1
for so then i have to do that and then I
have to like download part of the game
onto the piece update your software you
can ya like the game has updates that it
has to install first before you even can
play it lame like a flaw in the whole
place well it's like the really big
games and I don't really understand it
so today was kind of interesting cuz we
filmed a video for Missy's channel and
actually she has a video up on her
channel today so you guys should go
check it out what'd you talk about uh
are you winning ring oh yeah I really
mean yeah okay have they seen this oh
this scar that she Missy has this scar
here from oh I got a mole removed
yeah years ago and they'll it still
don't freaks me out every time I see it
tangent hello welcome to one take Monday
tangents what to happen
I was talking about something else I've
even know what I was talking about oh oh
your video
Oh oh yeah my video my I did my wedding
ring story it's really interesting in
you as you can watch it wedding ring
story on Missy's channel but those days
interesting cuz we were filming and I
want to film a video for my channel
right and I will have a video up
tomorrow on Tuesday obviously but I was
filming another video that I've been
wanting to do for a while and I was
getting so frustrated like I had I
couldn't get the lighting right I
couldn't get the angle right I couldn't
get like the camera lined up right it
was just like so frustrating and it's
kind of like a I could have to have the
monitor on to see where I'm at in the
let in the camera in the frame and then
I had that my computer going so it could
record my phone because I'm doing
another cool video with my phone and it
was getting so frustrated and then
finally my mic cord got wrapped up in
the tripod and then my tripod fell
forward and hit me in the face tiles are
so frustrated
it and it was one of those times where I
was just like okay God obviously does
not want me to film this video today and
I just had to like let it go and I want
to share this story with you guys
because like I don't know if you guys
know but I can be hot-headed sometimes
and I can be like really quick to get
angry and I really don't like it's
obviously a flaw of myself everyone's
got something you know what I mean I'm
not perfect not perfect I'm not a robot
but um it's just one of those things
where I was like I just have to give it
up it's not worth getting frustrated
over so like I just want to say like if
there's something in your life that
you're like frustrating yourself with
because you want it to be a certain way
sometimes it's easier just let it go
you know and I look at like youtubers
who aren't really like obsessed with
like their lighting or their angle or
like how things look and I'm like I just
sort of sometimes I just need to sort of
like let it go and just be myself and
that's what matters you know what I mean
but I had to just stop it I was like
okay well I seem to film this video on a
different day cuz it's not gonna work
out today so did he just roll over yeah
Hey Dude oh good I have places to be and
he's dead hey kitty oh 20r doin oh he's
getting so big big old guys I'm so happy
that he's taking the pacifier now it's
been like hell in the car and it's not
like going anywhere doing anything it's
always like okay we're done now let's go
home and he decides to scream yeah it's
been really bad there's just nothing
that like seems to help him calm down if
this helps like that's nice yeah sure
nice if the baby can find some way to
soothe other than my boob yeah this
can't always have boobs okay story of my
life can't always have boobs in your
face just doesn't happen
hey huh okay um miss you put on this
shirt just like daddy right and I
tweeted this earlier and I'm just like I
don't know whether to take it as a
compliment
or if I should be like yeah like
offended because either I am balding and
all I do is lay around and drool
and sped up on people or maybe I'm
really me because he's like you maybe
I'm cute I don't get it I don't get it
how he's just like Daddy I never thought
of it like hi like hey you know what you
gonna see me come here come on over get
run over if you let me come see me no
come over here come over here no come
over here come over here Ollie come over
here he's acting like he's swimming
actually I know cutie but today no all
right mommy wins anyway though um that's
all we got for you guys today one take
Monday we did a lot of stuff we just got
back grocery shopping okay healer he
just went back and forth with many times
but I hope you guys enjoyed this one
take so give it a big thumbs up if you
did and go check out Missy's video on
her channel cuz it was baller I talked
about how Brian posed there you go guys
alright we'll see you tomorrow bye the
pineapple it came with your straw right
there this is Missy's drinky guy
I'll bomb that look
you like it I ever trying to shine sushi
I've never tried to see are you gonna
try it yeah come on this is called a
crunchy roll it's got crab something out
I really got them first of all misty
using chopsticks that's pretty funny
don't do that bitch just grab it
first I'm trying sushi here we go yeah
do you like it
I mean it's not - it's nothing too crazy
you know people next to us are eating
