I see good morning to everyone and where
are we
some of those okay this is our Sunday
boy he's going to do amazing things so
we're already out of the house actually
grabbing breakfast and then we're headed
off to San Diego we go look at furniture
at IKEA but yeah he's already up and
saying what the heck what are we doing
up so early
uh-huh
I think he's dropping me I got to beat
him hey ollie I got a moose on your butt
you got a moose on your butt a get it
cuz it's Canadian he thought it was
funny so we've got a busy day ahead of
us and so Oh Missy here good clean one
that one's got always fed up on it so
here having breakfast of champions right
here and this guy just had breakfast
did you like here I'm super bummed
though because I thought I thought of
everything like okay one thing that we
always forget in our diaper bag is the
wet bag this is not really gross but
like seriously we change his diaper and
we have nowhere to put the wet cloth
diaper
so anyways I brought the wet bag I
bought brought diapers wipes clothes
everything and I forgot his blinky and I
really really he has this monkey playing
it that I love it's like so soft and so
comfortable and I want him to like love
it and like make it his blankie you know
you don't I mean you want him to carry
it around yeah forever I want to go to
college with it okay
I also not that I forgot it I remembered
it but I don't have it my carrier and
like super bummed because we're walking
around idea which is like you know I
mean it's like it's like couple files
its long Sweden my sweet dad haha we
made it to Ikea and I'll tell you what
it was a little bit difficult their eye
socket driving uh yeah I took like three
wrong XS you got on the freeway to LA
all the sudden it was really funny like
we were like totally going the wrong way
he's sleeping okay I'm just gonna put
him in the stroller and hope for the
best
um Y yellow Indiana IKEA we're here why
why I don't know
it's very strange IQ is like a big deal
first time we went here remember my hair
was just a few months ago and I was very
very very pregnant good morning good
morning mr. handsome I'm so handsome the
tad narcissistic also don't you think
good morning gonna go on a stroll
through Sweden Hey playing back a little
bit I'm still a little tired
all right this is really cool cuz all I
got to do is go like this wait how do I
do it and you gotta pull both sides
oh is that good yeah okay okay let's try
not to lose your flower as soon as you
walk in all you smell are these cinnamon
buns oh they look so good they're only a
dollar you want one they're from Sweden
that's why it smells good baby they just
came out of the oven
look at that ah it's all good yes good
mmm smell like I smell a tremendous
right so I got this thing it's called a
trick jewel must it's a Swedish festive
drink I asked him if it was like coke
and he said no it actually has like a
bops and heart heart back what'd he say
hops hops hops and part um hop sir is
what is in beer so probably why it makes
it interesting but yeah first thing you
do when you're walking that key is you
grab some food okay you guys I totally
want this light for our living room and
I actually like I looked it up and I was
like oh yes I must have this he's cool
Hobbit it's just like do you think it's
too low what are you catching there I
don't know
Oh a light he's all like trying to reel
it in well it does have this a real real
thing but I was just seeing it to be kid
like you can make it higher as it we had
it going
this is the weirdest one because it's
literally set up like an entire house
like this is the living room and then
this is the bedroom and then dining room
kitchen another bedroom and a bathroom
with a buffalo so this stuff is pretty
dang interesting it definitely has a
hoppy taste to it and it's kind of a bit
like coke but definitely different
flavor I won't miss it a try but she
doesn't like carbonation okay yeah weird
I know is good yeah okay the word
interesting Minnie it's interesting and
I do I do like the flavor know it's
yummy so we're looking for couches and a
TV stand right now and this is so picky
she's like anything she don't like
nothing
ah it's big and plush and stop I don't
know I think this is perfect after
sitting on all the other ones and then
sitting on this one this is the best one
but I don't like the texture of it
okay put Ollie on the cops let's see
what he thinks of this one cut off my
fingers what do you think all right give
me your honest opinion what do you think
he's like oh it's so comfy I want to lay
down on it it's okay hey you think yank
it do you think dude hey you know about
the text return he likes it he's like
I'm not picky at affordable it's
comfortable yeah I went you're on your
finger now thank you daddy
this guy just house walking with all of
her he's like oh is he out with his
little bit his brother and sister you
could totally be know what well I don't
know no 24 years apart more offensively
did she say that me you are believing oh
I didn't think about that yeah that's
that's not cool so this is the TV thing
we're thinking of because it's big and
it's got lots of storage options and you
can actually add like your own little
doors and drawers and stuff so I think
we're gonna go this and Missy really
likes this wood basket it's like a
wicker wood basket but they're a little
bit more expensive
these are illegals six bucks so I think
we're gonna get these cool cool oh babe
can we get some of these like cool like
ball thingies yeah so we picked out
everything we're going to buy and all we
have to do is head over
downstairs to pick it up but before we
go I had to see what all the fuss was
about how the fuss was about but these
meatballs because everyone says their
meatballs are the best i'ma try one
right now
very meaning very meatball e you want
try one
it's like a Swedish sauce this is gonna
be funny
yeah yeah making it
see they give you like this cranberry
sauce on the side it's super weird but
actually it's really good if you take
mashed potatoes a little bit of
cranberry sauce and a meatball to suits
race right now
it's that okay
brian has chosen to purchase this big ol
long thing okay look how much big this
is he thinks and swear that's going to
fit into our little tiny Prius I really
don't think it will but I'm letting him
do a say I'm like whatever
keep on trying go ahead so he's pulling
out the car um I never try and get it
into the car I don't know won't be C ha
it daddy's silly he thinks he can do
anything
you look so cute
hey BOGO bear hey my girl yeah Joe's
brothers doesn't you can we got dolls
out of my dog give me nice cows no all
down now I gotta get it in here just you
know when you when you say I don't think
we're gonna get it cuz it's not up in
the car instantly I'm like no we're
gonna get hey yeah I'm gonna fit in the
car
so he's just going to try and prove me
wrong I don't know
i oh good which one's the this is the
biggest one yeah it's really heavy too
and they come packed them they they
really feel a lot into a tiny box makes
it cheaper
Oh such a little grass a lot fun we're
gonna have a divider between us though
yeah well he got the boxes too thick fit
and everything
Oliver is gonna fit in there which think
he's okay I'm actually right nice sittin
here eatin I was home he's like no daddy
can sit in the car seat I'll Drive us
home yeah yeah what you talkin dad kid
I'm bi Brian just running to the
restroom and I'm gonna feed him real
quick
go on a long ride home are you ready for
home we got all the boxes in here and
now here comes the fun part
Brian trying to put it together it's
always fun out all he's watching Santa
Claus since Santa Claus right so close
oh she's pregnant so maybe like Steph
was 2 or 3 so I'm watching the end of
Santa Claus and look at Santa Clauses
babywearing unfortunately he's doing it
wrong he's forward-facing doesn't he
know how dangerous it is to forward face
your kids yeah he knows what he's doing
I am okay forward-facing forward-facing
look at that and they named him buddy
which I thought was interesting so
Brian's been putting this together for a
while oh no I mean even if like 15 30
minutes Brian let's be realistic here
this little guy's ass for me but so I'm
sitting here and I'm dipping chocolate
peanut butter balls these things are so
good sitting here rollin Peter mills and
I'm actually waiting because Rachel
Talbott if you guys don't want you guys
to go watch her she's getting ready to
reveal her baby boy's name and I
actually already know what it is but I'm
really excited to see the reveal and I
know a lot of people have been like
speculating in the comments and in my
video
um so if you haven't watched it you
should go watch it I haven't seen it yet
but I'm really excited and the last
piece nope that's not in right
duh oh my goodness I did it you guys
today
I built an entertainment center I'm like
the modern Jesus
I finished the entertainment center so
we got these big baskets in here for
organization and then it was cool
because you get to customize it however
you want so we put a cabinet here and
then we put drawers right here got done
rolling all these paper balls and I did
like a little box in there um and now I
have weight a lot more pier balls to do
I've got some sitting right here
chocolate had a baby on my hip
I got a roll with you on my hip huh so
in my excitement over the rice krispies
deal um I kind of just rolled them in
rice krispies but I'm thinking it
probably would have been smarter to
crush them up first and then roll them
so um do the rice crisps people were
saying oh it's blurry yeah people were
saying that um that you should put rice
krispies like in the peanut butter
making like crunchy hmm but now my
chocolates overcooked like really lumpy
my peanut butter balls are not frozen so
I'm pretty much done for today boys are
really good oh man I did good YUM these
aren't healthy no they're not healthy
they are not very healthy but there's a
pound of butter yeah I'll just find
someone comment on Missy's video and
they're like uh these aren't very
healthy the creamery sure went you
poured a pound of butter into it yeah I
did I pretty much claimed at that point
that they were and they're not the most
healthiest thing but they're just a
little treat hey karma I don't think
that's how it works buddy comment you
gotta put yourself on on the front of it
are you that tired
therefore my place
all right you guys so Jeffrey and I Jets
I'm sorry Jeff he wants me to call him
Jeff and I've known him as Jeffrey but
he's like I'm an adult and I deserve a
more adult name so please call me Jeff
right that's right
anyway we just finished filming a cover
of all I want for Christmas is you
the Michael Buble version so if you guys
want to go check it out on my channel
the link will be in the description
below and I'm really nervous because
I've never really sang in front of the
camera and put it online so if you guys
could just go over there right now watch
the video even if I suck can you just
tell me that I sound good in the
comments
no I'm kidding no but really like I
don't know it might be a regular thing
it might not we'll see if people are
digging it Missy was it good did you
like it I sang to you the entire time
you know that right she's sitting over
there looking all cute taking pictures
and stuff and I was just singing to you
the whole time all right guys anyway
it's late so we're gonna go home but be
sure you get the vlog a thumbs up and we
will see you tomorrow bye we're gonna
move the couch over here TV right there
everything's gonna be all the wall stuff
well maybe we can keep it up at me you
want the friends poster above our bed
all right good we can mix it up a little
you mean to update those for a long time
so we not only have new pictures but we
have like three different photo sessions
that we want to put on our wall with
like
