hello to you hello to you hello to you
and yes hello to even you yes you I know
you're like me she saying hello to me
I'm saying hello to you what's up
good morning Nick good morning Carmen
hey hey good morning Hey
oh look at this you guys fresh coffee
the best kind of coffee in the morning
drinking car scary
this thing's scary sometimes starting my
morning off right with a cup of joe
drinking joe i liquefy Joe he's in here
and I'm drinking him that does not sound
Pleasant is it cold
are we doing we're trying to side with
me
this is our son baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things anyway
welcome to today's vlog you guys today
we're gonna do it we're gonna do a
one-take and we're gonna do a one-take
for a couple reasons number one it sort
of lets me get a little break because if
you guys didn't know we now put out 12
videos a week on YouTube so if I get a
one take on Sunday it kind of lets me um
gives me a little break gives me like
it's a lot easier to do because all I
have to do is throw this footage in
throw my intro mentor the outro in and
then boom it's done just like magic and
I say hey look so I actually got up
early enough this morning to get donuts
you guys you you know that if you get up
too late you can't get donuts donut
shops just run out of donuts they just
sell them all and so I actually got up
early enough and someone went to town on
that one and did not finish it what
should I choose mmm what type of donut
should I choose I'm gonna go with an
old-fashioned one you know keeping it
classy
anyway see if I can do this carry both
there we go so I'm doing it for that
reason just because it's a little easier
on me
editing wise and then oh I hate this
gaming on Oh I'm diggin my doughnut now
there we go
it's a little easier on me because it's
a lot easier to edit and then it kind of
gives us a little break throughout the
day and another reason is a lot of
people actually like the one takes
because you sort of get to see a
different side of us because I know you
see us in the vlogs but they're edited
you know and so I think people lose
sight that we're actually like real
people like here's the truth about me
see me ollie
Danny bombs karma I'm talking about you
we're real people not crazy I know some
people actually forget sometimes but we
are real people we fart we burp we pee
we poop I don't know why I said all
those disgusting things that we do we do
real people things too I know we do so
that's why a lot of people actually like
it I think it's cool that you get to see
it's pretty okay this is really hard you
guys I'm trying to do is carry a donut
and some coffee upstairs and I just lost
this private donut run boom but um
nothing it's good
sorry I'm being really rude I'm uh-huh
he's like give me that donut give me
that donut not happening anyway so I
think it's good to show you guys that we
are real people because that's what
these videos are about is to show that
we are real people and we live real
everyday life and Lucy doesn't know one
coming up the stairs here's Missy and
her natural habitat you guys boom what
are you watching Katy Perry yeah being
chocolate yeah as I've talked about
confuse candy bars like the best
chocolate ever which one is it
I'm a toffee it's milk chocolate with
toffee right no chocolate yeah um I'm
really picky about chocolate um
I don't eat her she's very certain cause
I like the cheese is wonderful
oh yeah they like you better how you pay
back gone
well I'm going to freak out on you okay
we're pretty sure that we have a theory
when it comes to this song though people
say that I look like um Zooey Deschanel
and people and people say that Katy
Perry was like Zooey Deschanel right
hmm so he thinks that he's looking at me
that's true uh-huh
children are very with her blue eyes and
her dark hair and her big boobies and
he's like that's my mom my mom is
dancing and singing with a monkey right
now like yeah my mom's always like I
always put that on click thank you
things you don't on my bed mm-hmm what
you're eating a chocolate bar oh I'm
talking about the truth behind the
camera and here we are shoving food in
our face Hey hi why are you so great you
don't be Greg a real boy
he's like running his figured out his
voice like really loud you know I was
doing this really funny thing here hold
this
this morning hey hey see he likes it
again through the girls it's like huh
okay motor engine evil Jesus yeah hi
oh those cheeks were moving like crazy
prepare for landing
daddy I seriously got up early
like what like 7:30 and he was up and he
was so happy and he had the rosiest red
sheet it was so cute me true I'm sure
none true yes true he wanted to wake up
early not one sleep in he wanted me up
up at 7 o'clock yeah I want to be up
early I do that please talk Oh doc did
you just talk oh but yeah he was so
happy and he had these rosy red cheeks
and we just hung out for like an hour
just laid in bed and played and talked
yeah you gave Todd talked about what he
wants to get you for Christmas
- I do getting me a present for can I
tell you
good cuz then you know no surprise we
give me he'll tell me later
he'll tell me later right you tell me
everything and then I also woke up early
because I was having one of those dreams
right remember I was telling you um when
the serving dreams like waiting tables
no really
I am I've waited tables for like seven
years you guys and so I now have this
reoccurring dream and it's not even a
dream it's like a nightmare is maximum
high this reoccurring dream where I'm
waiting tables and I'm serving people
and people keep just coming in and
coming in and coming in I can never get
to take anyone's order like
greeting them getting drinks greeting
them getting drinks greeting them
getting drinks it's just like it goes on
forever oh my god wake up like sweaty
and stressed out my heart's beating all
fast all right yeah I literally woke up
I was like oh thank god that's over and
I go on Twitter and someone asks they're
like hey I knew you were a server did
you ever have serving dreams
I really just woke up from one and I
guess um Katie let was a waitress and
she gets them
being a weird hard like distressful I
could never do it I think it takes a
toll on you well yeah I don't know if we
have any people who wait tables who have
that night or I have that dream let me
know in the comments because I think
it's like I did it so long yeah I know
that feeling so well so I'm I think I'm
gonna have those dreams probably I used
to hang out cuz he worked at like this
diner and it was like a 24/7 diner and
so sometimes my friend would go there
and hang out with him while he worked
all night and I've always used to I
could never do this job like I just
could not like sit there and like take
people's order and then have to like
serve them and it's hard it was hard you
are demanding people are really
demanding but it's I mean and
unfortunately I'm one of them when I'm
going to a restaurant I'm way too picky
and so I'm almost like I need this
without this this is I'm not like rude
or anything but still like it's like
just order a burger you know winter
burger and you get it how do you like it
yeah no get it how it comes yeah oh yeah
you get it how it's Tom's I was being
the nice yeah yeah what yeah you gonna
be a waiter
you know would you ever let a lady a
waiter
um I weird because I feel like the food
business not that it's bad but it
sometimes it has like a weird
environment no yeah like especially with
when we move to California and I was
serving in a steakhouse the environment
behind the scenes was very like vulgar
and yeah I wouldn't want like my
daughter working there yeah for sure
sure
like as a hostess no even as a hostess
yeah I get involved in some weird things
really that's weird
hmm yeah anyway there's some truth truth
coming out you guys were human ha ha ha
I'm an alien
oh well crap what does that make Olly
mixed in a little half alien maybe mMmmm
I even has aliens on him I think that's
funny he thinks that's hilarious
all right what's time I'm putting Hank
we got a go but we love you guys we hope
you've enjoyed today's walk give it a
thumbs up because people like the thumbs
down one takes and that's not nice okay
thumbs it up oh man
light them up like all around you this
the Obama probably abdominal snowman
from
this is great for looking hey babe I
wonder if you could like come here if
you're prone to seizures I know you know
what if you're like watching the lights
right for candy candy oh my god
I see Santa you see Imran no not yet
that's going to be fun when I go over
there I mean it'll be fun we seem it's a
mrs. buzz that's
