good morning guys it is New Year's even
so we are going to go out and grab some
breakfast but I'm pulling all around I
just want to show you cute little face
hi boy think that's a good way to start
the video right baby oli like
raspberries you know what you have to
get real kyoto second huh and frisbees
huh doc you wanted this is all son baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things this is
my view for breakfast just fast like the
crazy
what are you doing the other day she was
playing and all he was next to her and
she was like screaming at her - yes
she's like oh sorry sorry all I saw huh
he was like taking a bath or something
oh oh did my selfish baby
girls in their video games get really
into this game that person is looking at
you missing okay we wanted to see myself
just sit in his little car seat watching
us eat hey we just got done with our
delicious breakfast at IHOP I way too
much this can be honest ate way too much
and I'm really full and ready for a nap
we got all the in this cute little
stroller and he's really happy let me
sing a song yes he is this a song it
might have fell off at IHOP I'm not
really sure he's just so happy he's like
totally content sitting in a stroller so
I didn't really want to put him in his
car seats I knew he'd like start
screaming so we're gonna go to Pet sport
and see what they got there fork I'm
omit males presents that leather sock is
about to fall well the other ones lost
anyway so he needs at least one they've
got kittens look at these little kittens
playing he's not cute they're like
really going it down Oh
they're fighting I got karma toy I can't
wait to show it to him oh he's so fun
alright so I got this um toy for karma
and basically it's like a game for him I
don't know if it's exactly what I wanted
but we're gonna test it out so I put a
treat in here it's somewhere in here I
think it's in there it is and he's gotta
learn to open these up and then he can
also learn to push the little thing like
this like push it and there's other
compartments in here so he's got learn
to open it what do you think karma no
that's not how you do it get your sheet
there is karma lookit look right there
he's like make it two sounds babe yeah
oh don't deny that he's not too
impressed with the tree he really wants
it to like throw something think he
wants it to like throw him a tree oh
okay thank you good good boy did you
find it did you not all of them have
treats timer your deposit gauri there's
no treated not one you'll just find it
by pushing it around and finding the
treat the hope it's in here I smell it
oh there you go look at this sleeping
baby I got him to sleep in his room and
I've got like the camera like right next
to him and he's sleeping away took Wow
though he didn't put up a nice little
fight but he was so tired and I was like
ollie
you're tired take a nap umm so I'm
really hoping he stays to sleep um for a
while oh look at that
hello he said that and he moved oh great
stay asleep
oh my gosh she's been asleep like five
minutes
he's already squirming cross my fingers
maybe Aiden kidding me
alright guys it is the last day of 2013
tomorrow is going to be 2014 who's
excited
well you guys are it's already 2014 for
you guys I hope you guys all were safe
and I hope that if you're underage you
didn't drink and you stayed at home with
your family and played board games and
then when it struck midnight you ran
outside and banging together some pots
and pans and yelled Happy New Year so
that's what I used to do think tonight
Missy and I are just gonna do the smart
adult thing basically what happens after
you have a baby and we're just going to
stay in just running out to go do a
couple errands and grab a couple things
asleep again okay this time I'm not
going to jinx it though if I think about
all the awesome things that we did in
2013 like we started this channel and
that just blew our mind and then we run
Good Morning America that was really
crazy this he was on the moms view we
got to meet Katie glad we got to meet so
many awesome youtubers who are now like
really good friends with so excited for
2014 you guys 2014 oh man
crazy I have another kid in 2014 maybe I
don't know I honestly feel so exhausted
though after that I feel so tired I need
like a nap myself really shouldn't have
well he got hot Brian's gonna kill you
when he sees this on the dog because
you're not not supposed to be on the bed
can't help you Joe cute cuddly right I'm
sorry it's just so so fun to cuddle with
so did we mention that it is 2013 right
now like right now it's 2013 but for you
is 2014 that means that I'm I'm this is
like the last vlog we're gonna do in
2013 that's so crazy
okay I didn't actually realize that this
is like the last one I think Brian is
going Ryan hey you know this is the last
bog we're doing in 2013
yeah whoa no that actually was
yesterday's vlog oh well this is the
last vlog vlog we're making it Jess my
team that's crazy
and did you know that they're already in
the 2014 yeah is that baby sleepy yeah
speaking smaller status right there I
know it took a while though I had to get
him back to sleep Beth these are great
you couldn't wake now are you done being
mad at me I was trying to explain to him
that naps are good because they put you
in a good mood and then you'll be
happier rather than mad cuz you're so
tired because I'm not really give me
that thing oh oh dude the last few hours
of the year you were born you know that
this is the year you were born and it's
almost over your blog yeah okay
that is all him guys he's got you right
now and he dropped you I really enjoyed
this new house I was born and it was
really good I really enjoyed that I
learned it to hold my head up
it's all over now I'm really excited for
next year to found be able to talk walk
wait he's gonna walk yeah yeah don't
play a few months let's do this
maybe I'll get a brother or sister huh
can you do it you like been doing that
for like ever he's just sitting over
here
just blowing raspberries we didn't like
it when you look at it like you
literally have to pretend like you're
not looking at him and then he just
starts doing it it's New Years Eve and
we're actually just going to stay in
tonight sometimes we don't actually
normally do anything for New Year's so
today is not much different but we're
going I'm actually going to dip peanut
butter balls which I just pushed all
these chocolate chips up here so I'm
melting my chocolate now have a few more
paper rolls left that are frozen not a
lot though and I feel like I might be
making it a batch because not a lot of
people got very much this year I don't
know they just kind of went fast and I
have a few out for presents but we
barely got any even here and so I might
end up making it bad
good let ya they are now I just gotta
pull these things out and then cover
them up a lot of people said they had
some problems with that I think the
biggest thing is make sure that these
are super frozen because these are
already getting a little bit too soft
and so what happens is when you dip it
in the chocolate then it falls off the
toothpick and then you got problems okay
so I asked you guys on Twitter what game
we should play tonight and so we went
out and got taboo we all said to watch
tap and play Ted booing I got y'all
weaker yeah likes yeah karma likes this
game you think is fun so basically like
for instance if it's the word is not I
can't say any of these words so we're
gonna start the timer right now go
Oh Brian's guessing um this is something
that happens to when it's hot out sweat
and um need something in your mouth
thirsty this is a um thing that you will
usually carry around purse boom you're a
child and it's a camel it's it's more
tough animal safety blanket that to suck
animal it's a stuffed animal that is a
um
that is why um oh there it is
it's a like it it's a stuffed animal
that has eyes and ears
yeah Ollie has won by Lakeman Vermont
Eddie that I really froze up there was
really hard
check it out guys baby is asleep and
you're not that means time to partay
we're just playing taboo hi Claire bear
Happy New Year's
it's almost 2014 you can take lots of
naps in 2014 - yeah we are watching the
ball drop and here's a fun daily bumps
trip
fact for you do you remember this Missy
the first ever daily vlog we filmed was
on New Year's Eve because we wanted to
start vlogs on January 1st and then we
did it and then we didn't put up the
next day and then we were like okay
let's just wait a while do you remember
that babies crying babies crying poor
Olly here just started like screaming I
came up here picked him up and he
literally threw up like all over the
floor like I picked you up you throw up
here and there and like all over my arm
it's really hard for me to determine in
between throw up and spit up like I I
basically can like if he starts gagging
and like it's like it's coming up you
know from a stomach kind of thing I
consider like throwing up but like I
don't know what that one was there was
like a lot of it it definitely looks
like a throwing up but at the same time
I know and he cried after which made me
think like he doesn't feel good I feel
sick I don't know what the problem looks
I know your eye looks really red really
what the right no the other way yeah I
mean I'm stoned out of my mind right now
yeah totally I'm just token up anyways
oh I was saying no the first vlog we
ever recorded was New Year's Eve it
wasn't yes we wanted it to go up on the
first Bears on January 1st well it went
up on January 1st but we were like
watching the ball drop in them in the
vlog babe really yeah you remember I
remember
that's weird cuz I'm the one and we put
it up and then we didn't put up a blog
the next day and they were like okay
let's try a new day the vlogs a little
bit later so leave a comment below if
you guys actually watch that blog yeah
that was normal so yeah basically we did
it and then we removed it because we
were like oh this is too much you can't
do it yet and then we started later that
month and 26 haven't stopped since the
26 yeah 26 days away hmm
I can't believe I'm vlogging for it you
know that for almost one year now Brian
is sat down on his computer for two
hours in his edited vlog every night
it's not that big of it maybe in the
more
and I also did like 150 videos on your
channel as well I know I'm just picky
about the light - happy new year
so um baby woke up about 5 minutes
before it happened I was rocking him to
sleep Brian's in the bathroom I didn't
even get to see the ball drop and it
just kind of like all of a sudden you
came 2014 and I wasn't even I didn't
even know about it or actually he was my
2014 kiss because I'd a wicked oh he was
my kids been a tough night though yes
it's midnight I'm awake which is not
cool and this kid has just been not
happy all night he might be sick Brian
might be sick I don't know what's going
on in this house so either there are
some gunshots going on outside or there
are fibers
I'm totally letting off fireworks which
is very illegal in California like
extremely illegal
hey guys so it's actually super late now
Brian's sleeping he got sick I don't
know what's going on but I don't know if
it's like food poisoning but ulsan he
just had an emergency like 10 minutes
before midnight and it's just been
really crazy if it's like the flu that's
like running around our house and like
making everyone sick is actually right
now my dad's super sick too and all I
just hasn't been 100% I don't know
what's going on I think we're in for a
rough night because all I just is not
having it tonight and I'm gonna go ahead
and end the vlog um thumbs of the video
because as I was saying earlier um Brian
edits these vlogs every single day it's
almost been one year and even when he's
sick even when it's a holiday or
something fun going on he always makes
time to edit a vlog and put it up every
single day every single day he does it
so I say thumbs up for him today he gets
better by morning and he can get this up
pretty quickly but I will see you guys
huh say bye ollie
samih trying to go to bed now
- come 2014 because the best is yet to
come you guys 2013 you thought it was
good
2014 is gonna be good can I even show
him that oh my god that is bad
holy crap babe oh my god oh my god oh my
gosh that is raunchy babe
