good morning my wild one what's up buddy
good morning guys look what someone just
sent me on Twitter
someone did a face swap and hashtag
Brian's first Christmas that is creepy
baby all day oh you have to get real
cute in a second huh and frisbees huh
this is our son baby boy he's gonna do
amazing things this morning I need some
coffee make some coffee in my Keurig she
probably put a cup there first that
would probably help we'll check on luck
of home joke Hey don't steal mine coffee
thief right here so this morning I have
a Skype meeting and Missy's got a hair
appointment meeting thing she's gonna go
do something with this Mane gonna chop
it all off finally right she finally
decides she's sick of losing hair she's
sick of Ollie pulling on it so she's
gonna just just do a cut just gonna go
are you gonna be like the a-line where
it goes always like the a-line yeah that
joke you know I'm actually getting more
born today because I'm here to tell but
I supposed to have like the ombre and I
don't really see a lot of blonde and the
blonde that was there is kind of gone
yeah there's none there done that
yeah so I'm gonna get it fixed today oh
yeah so this is going to get a hurt on
look at this guy we got in these new
outfits that are like holiday think like
reindeer themed and look at you so you
think you're talking about me aren't you
this is wildly karma okay can you guys
say hi to karma karma say hi say hi all
right guys okay you're crazy
look it says wildly cute and it's got
little reindeer antlers on it and
spittle got spittle too hot Nicky I did
spit a lot of times believe my favorite
so I just got done filming a video with
Ollie I just did my casual Friday video
which is actually up on my channel right
now you guys should go watch it because
it actually explains what all he was
having such a terrible night the other
night huh yeah if you guys remember it
was like the worst night ever
um terrible to her a night I figured out
what it was the problem and it's a
really really important video that I
think a lot of moms need to see and
watch that they can keep an eye out for
their little one um
Pia Bryan is now in a meeting so I'm
about to do my Skype meeting and I got
my coffee and I don't know how long it's
gonna take but I just noticed of course
I like this huge nasty thing on the
bottom of my lip so of course as I'm
trying to be like all business II and
professional some freakin thing pops up
on my face right that's just how it
works okay I hate this guy and I'm
getting ready for my appointment you
gonna come with me
Duke it's just getting so cute I mean
he's always been cute but like seriously
he's just getting like morphate facial
features I guess like his eyebrows are
like starting to like form and you're
the buddies good eye he just like makes
the loudest sounds to me like he figured
out his voice for sure's now he just
starts going ah he's like not crying
just starts screaming really loud it's
really funny so hey karma are you doing
hi busy oh wow you looked the camera
okay okay all right all right okay oh
you found my chocolate ah you find my
talking right all right it's baby
workout time you ready we're ready to do
your reps grab onto my hands grab onto
my hands and one oh one more come on
come on you gotta keep going dude if you
want to be strong and 203 if you want
those rock-hard abs you've been telling
me you want so much you gotta keep
working
two more can we do two more you're gonna
be bigger ball
oh one more push it push the punch punch
punch punch boys in seven good job buddy
get any parts again we push out push out
some parts oh no happy ending I'll grab
your feet if you happy any new ACOG Rafi
if you have PID now then your face will
surely show it if you're happy and you
know it clap your feet of course the day
that I decide to wear a sweater it's
actually pretty warm outside but the
funny thing is it's warm outside but
it's cold in my car ice is so cold in my
car was in the garage so I don't think
it's colder out there anyway I just
thinking about Christmas you guys
there's a two weeks until Christmas holy
cow I wake up grandpa and I like Allah
wakes you guys so excited it's gonna be
baby's first Christmas and I was
thinking we're gonna do kind of
something special with you guys so I'm
thinking of a way to get you involved
for the first-ever daily bumps Christmas
special so you don't look up for that
it's gonna be really cool
all right just go down my hair
appointment and you want to see it okay
so like I said we kind of just wanted to
touch it up that way there was more
blonde and now I think you can see a lot
more blonde in there here asleep mom you
hold it so long more blonde and every
time I go back it'll call yet lighter
the yeah as you can see it's like dark
and get some more caramel so I'm not
happy with it and we always slept
through the whole thing leave is awake
for a little bit and hung out with us
but then um he fell asleep so maybe I'll
put up a picture on Instagram and you
guys go check out her as you can see in
pictures
I just love presents and family and I
love my son and it's just going to be
fun you need lots of food
open presents so me my mom are back at
the mall we shop way too much um oh yeah
we're gonna shop around maybe for Brian
and my brother sister and stuff so all I
feel being super good
let me get a shopping trip without its
ring baby check out all the loot I just
wrapped I have to say Missy is a
horrible gift Raptor rapper Raptor rap
she's a horrible gift wrapper Raptor I'm
gonna say rapper she's a horrible gift
wrapper and I'm not too shabby like I do
the whole like fold down the corners and
and tape it down good I don't know I
just I don't I want to say I'm a pro but
Missy literally will just throw
something and get wrapping like tape the
crap out of it so I took the first round
and got all the presents that we have so
far all wrapped up and ready to go under
the tree mr. Olli is up and he must be
carried and I always forget my carrier
when I go with my mom because it's not
in my mom's cars in our car Bryant's car
so it always stuck carrying him around
really painful so if you have a baby
that makes you carry him get a baby
carrier so that you don't have to hurt
your arms and hips and also whenever I'm
with my mom and I'm out i blog and I
always get the weirdest looks people
stare at me like crazy when I'm walking
I'm applying not so much maybe I just
don't notice it but I'm yeah I just got
like the meanest look like or don't mean
it feel like the weirdest look like what
is she doing screaming over hey Olli
Paul hey buddy boy how I haven't seen
you in like ours where were you he's
thrilled to me me can you see
yes karma Ali's home hey you want out of
this thing okay let's get you out
there's my Ollie pop just let mommy you
don't go too far your women do want it
oh it's a little crooked
uh look me it's kind of late mmm Holly
pop Ollie pop oh oh yeah Ollie Ollie pop
but um boom boom he's doing some crazy
hair thing with her new beau there you
go
looks cool yeah yeah can't see my braids
though i braided it up here I usually
see that a little bit one yeah got the
idea from cute girls hairstyles
oh yeah CGH yeah I did it wrong I think
is a the bun has to go up higher so that
you can see more the braid or is have
like a really small head and you just
can't see it very well you gotta tell me
what would you like for Christmas ho ho
ho what do you want you shoot your eye
out kid
guess what I'm doing shoosh Ari
guess what I'm doing again shopping
hahaha jolly Christmas in case you
didn't hear gosh
anyways um yeah I'm shopping more but
this time with Brian did shop with it
from other people is just never-ending
but we actually don't have Ollie he
wanted to hang out with Cassie with his
AMT so he's hanging out with her
remember so the wobble yeah I pretty
much told her I'm going Christmas
shopping for you that's not really free
now we had to buy her a bunch of
presents
yeah so we're gonna go Christmas
shopping at good ol Ollie marked Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
it's some pretty good shopping great
yeah I got lots of Jeff gear yeah
so of course I'm still not done so what
you're not done I'm still undone no
Missy you're going crazy
I feel really bad cuz Missy it keeps
buying me things you guys and I bought
her hardly anything you're gonna make me
feel bad
Oh relax um there's a such thing as
giving too much okay I just I always
like to get one more thing oh I should
get that always eat this but she's that
oh yeah I I stress myself out too I
really should just relax a little bit
but I just want everyone to have the
best Christmas ever
we can't have the best Christmas ever
every single yeah so you have to have a
crappy Christmas in there so that the
next year it puts some perspective on
you three days we are headed home now
we're gonna go see our baby and eat some
dinner and yes I'm drinking Gatorade
means he's a bad influence guys drink
that Gatorade all about oh wait your
peers on your face why are your fans on
your face you go oh where's Holly
Daria's why have your peers on your face
Oh where's Holly
oh do I know there he is why I have your
pants on your face this happy boy into a
nice clean diaper home and when I don't
want to say that we actually haven't had
any leaks yet since Missy stripped the
diaper so I guess that's all the cloth
diapers were really needed Oh see boy
yeah that better better know that you're
all dry and clean look at the tree look
at the tree that's pretty cool huh look
at the tree look at your reflection you
can see a reflection in that huh who is
that baby would that be me who's a baby
Oh Christmas gee okay doll many
good job
I actually know that song on the piano
okay see it doesn't sound that fabulous
so we're gonna hang up stockings I know
it's really dark but it's really with
the notes external one yeah um we're
just a hang up stockings I think a lot
of you said the stairs so I think we're
you leave some therapist days oh did you
show them this oh yeah so I got like an
advent calendar guys um but it's not
like boring it's just like Andy there's
no cam excuse me
hang on there's a candy cane right here
oh really
yummy put it in my mouth it would well
it's it would and so anyways so you put
candy cane right into the cuz it's the
12th today tomorrow's the 13 hey shut up
hey I made it better yeah oh hey
yeah Jamal's afraid Friday 13th it's
Friday the 13 for you guys I don't know
what that means you got no one
wait twelve out of the thirteen yeah
that's not good well I don't know what
that is that just mean it's a whole day
of bad luck no no like all bad things
about you guys tell us what bad things
happened in the comments to you guys
today because it's Friday the 13th
something about like if I if it's right
as your 13th and I break a mirror that
like double that multiplies your bad
luck by 10 oh okay well anyways colors
docking there's so many of them Karma's
makes noise mm-hmm okay so me and you
are first all right go away Cara no you
can't touch your present
we got him so many presents today have
to have them in order though Brian you
don't you Brian and Missy don't go first
that's what you said alright so this is
how we ended up hanging them got my dad
my mom me Brian
oli Jimmy Cassie karma Cassie's always
matched like why am I always last and
she finds out that you even Ollie is
before her she's me like what the heck
cormaneau perfect level four no that's
not your word you have to wait till
Christmas Kay karma look at me the way
to a Christmas
I must go check on the baby come on boy
how's he doing sleeping now yeah it's
probably a freak out I sat him down hmm
no Carmen yo don't look at your present
don't look at your present he says these
are horrible life presents but I think
that they are beautiful and she just you
are horrible you suck at rapping that's
right
awesome all right you guys so what do
you think we got you guys what do you
think we actually got you guys something
what do you think do you think they know
imperiex prize but we got you guys
something what do you think it is leave
it in the comments don't spoil it if you
would know I got mad but I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog be sure to click like
and we will see you guys tomorrow are we
gonna go look at Christmas lights
there's this place here that goes like
baller status Christmas lights what's up
not even kidding alright we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
right now you're gonna give yourself a
black eye
Oh lookit baby's going to meet Santa
ah
