oh boy he's gonna do amazing things
good morning guys check out this baller
omelet I made it's a bacon and cheese
and there's like cheddar and Parmesan
and Romano and it looks Nami I'm
drinking some cafe mocha and I'm joined
by this little snowflake why'd you spit
up on yourself right before I vlog you
why do you do that because it's funny
dad we actually had to strap him in his
rock and play this morning because he's
a little wiggle but look at him he's
like I'm gonna break free I'm gonna
break free - why is it that all babies
when they learned to like rollover or
crawl or walk it's instantly to escape
huh you trying to escape us I watched um
Deathly Hallows Part one last night so
I've got part two on and this little
plane he loves these little hanging
things now he loves grabbing them and
putting them in his mouth he still got a
snowflake up at home because it's so
like warm and cozy do you see that he's
actually like grabbing them and pulling
them and is not that's so cool
good morning guys oh never I'd talk it's
okay he's really tired so he's getting
ready did take a nap and then once he
takes a nap then we'll probably be able
to film a couple videos but I wouldn't
ask you guys I was on Facebook the other
day and I saw like one of those ads for
an app which I never really look at but
it looked really fun so I downloaded it
and I want to see if you guys play it
it's called mystery Manor Oh Manor come
miss doing Manor I always say it wrong
and it's like a lot of fun at first I
couldn't figure out how to play it
because like I couldn't figure out how
to like get to the next level but yeah
you just got to like fine things and
it's like a mystery thing
is so cool it's someone's finally on
it's kind of like my new addiction
always make fun of me cuz I want to like
game
sorry I don't want to be a gamer but you
came just as much I guess so I mean but
it's only like when I'm nursing or like
gonna be right before I go to bed
especially cuz I don't have my iPad with
me all the time
I don't like game all day every day
collect asleep go back to sleep
you didn't even swallow we had him like
tucked in yeah I know I'm really really
bad at the swaddle luckily he's really
good at it
come on come on do your tag we got it
work just started to get ready to do
something and then he wakes up o
Christmas tree o Christmas tree I think
we're gonna do like a fun video in front
okay you guys look at this this is this
is Missy's hair problem right here
there's even hair tangled in the tree
she's shedding you guys it's the worst
thing ever I literally like I sweep the
bathroom and it's not even karma hair
anymore it's all her hair forgot to grab
toothpicks for Missy's video well for
the peanut butter balls in general
because it's a lot of user do them with
toothpicks so I'm running out trying to
find some I literally hate going to
store and never being able to find
anything that's like story of my life
you guys I can never find every third
I don't see toothpicks here Missy just
sent me a text and she said be sure to
get Gatorade because I keep drinking all
our Gatorade cuz there's nothing else to
drink in the house just say you guys I'm
an enabler I'm enabling the madness of
Gatorade all the way you diggin this
hair
I literally just woke up and it would
like this and I was like well go back if
he's awake he had a nice little nap of
course during the meantime we did not do
our video so that's just great um this
whole story but we got hungry and never
like let's get some of those it's got
that oh and then he woke up so but now
he's not grouchy so he should be good
during the video come on you're gonna
hold him yeah I'm gonna make you up oh
god I just my hair apart uh-oh get away
from my momma my boob sides got that
reach up here ah getting a problem here
you can't look at you why he was doing
it why hmm well I love these earrings I
know historic jammies but like they're
so comfy and toasty and it's just I
don't know I just love it when yous
wearing them hmm I don't like to make
one I'd wear my pajamas all day me tail
boy you're really close to the ceiling
yeah
don't throw it Wow hello camera mm oh my
gosh
my leg is late and I just stopped on it
I didn't like shot up my entire butt
oh my god hair it's really bad whenever
I sit on the floor doing a video my foot
always goes asleep halfway through the
video and I have to pretend like it's
fine it's really people oh my anyways uh
we just got done doing my video for
Monday you're like on top of it you guys
like we've been we're like super
organized now we actually have like a
board so we're super or start completely
talk so yeah like we have everything
planned out for like a long time so we
know like what we're doing and so we try
to say super or maze because we got too
many channels to just
be like let's just do a video like we
have to be organized to make sure that
we're doing it right so but we also are
spending time together spending time
with the baby and not just like totally
devouring our life like you know what I
mean so always taking another nap it
looks like yeah I was hold so like
standing him and he I was moving him up
and down and I could see he was falling
asleep so I just put him like this oh
yeah that's like his favorite like when
you put his arm down like that like I'll
consider it trapped in my arm and also I
think it's kind of like his nursing
position so I think it like reminds my
comfort yeah I gotta hang all these my
whole family actually got like the same
kind of stockings and stuff so we need
to find a spot to hang them oh yeah I've
been trying to debate okay what do you
guys think okay should I hang the
stockings along the staircase like right
there maybe even on the other side of
the staircase next to the Christmas tree
or next on top of the fireplace I know
the fireplace is normally where you hang
them but we like really decorated out
here as you can see and I kind of only
keep like it out here I guess I'm making
hot apples because it's cold and apple
cider when it's hot is hot and it's
really yummy
it smells like apple pie just been
trying to get caught up on videos
because I have a video that's gonna be
up on my channel it's up there right now
so go check it out it's my first QA and
it's kind of a cool video you get to
learn a little bit about me so I'm
working on that I am NOT watching
YouTube videos I'm editing that's what
I'm doing watch what I'm doing I'm
getting stuff done checks out it's gonna
be scary
there's a monster in my Keurig thank you
thanks Kay I should just call her Kay
okay no problem right look at this cutie
you guys I don't think I've ever even
dressed that fancy you're from wear
suspenders what the heck what are you
doing wearing these fancy clothes bro
you showed them this right yeah this
thing is freaking adorable look it's
even got he's got back pockets he's got
bowtie you've got suspenders
he's got belt loops and I'm 500 buttons
me yeah like a yeah that's cute dude
cute he is adorable
that's the perfect outfit to meet Santa
in an elegant coat pockets this is like
the cutest outfit you guys have ever
seen click thumbs up if you think baby
all it looks adorable right now look at
all like guys dude we're gonna go meet
Santa
you see why my tummy won't be a
three-way are you gonna tell him you
want we know him huh
no time I want a straightener boring
what do you guys want to tell Santa you
want leave it in the comments and I'll
relay the message to him okay I'll
travel to the future and read all the
comments and then come back and I'll
tell him for you guys come on look at
he's like you're funny
ah ah-choo thank you I'm so excited
we're gonna take all the way to go see
CNN he's all dressed up looking cute
take a nap wring out he's really excited
yeah he is so excited can you control
himself back though you probably can
hear him Ollie please be quiet
so you're on did you ever go see Santa
from Jericho
oh one year my grandma grandma did take
me go see Santa and they took a picture
with a Polaroid oh yeah it was just like
this big and I was like I picture
everything a good first time I remember
going to see Santa I remember asking for
a remote-control car I remember I
remember very clearly that that's what I
wanted to tell Santa that's so funny
and I don't think I got it seriously
though babe what is that smell it's not
like steak it don't smell like Asian
food smells like a bit old juicy prime
rib okay
you are a daredevil woman look at them
get in there fiction
Santa's like can you please smile you
guys all right guys so we are committed
to this line he better wake up and be
happy
what it'd be like yells and like screams
and cries and it's like I think you'll
still be a good picture at least we can
send that to Alan there's like a little
reminder out there right now going on
saying don't leave your child with Santa
if he's screaming and oh really because
it's like it's more dramatic you're like
okay just stay with this strange man I'm
gonna go over here are you excited to go
see Santa he's so excited oh he's really
happy to see Santa even though we're
still got to go around this big ol tree
what we do for our kids
giorgia picture my wife walked into this
diamond store now she's talking to
someone are you doing it's the baby
everyone loves the baby Olli
oh yeah
quit drooling on your cool outfit buddy
okay pick a sidewalk take a sidewalk
beside the biggest tree is like look how
well it's decorated but guess what
doesn't matter cuz it's big yeah I mean
I'd be impressive it with grille you
know keep sitting himself in the head
with it
keep hitting yourself with it buddy
right now you're gonna give yourself a
black eye look at baby's going to meet
Santa
ah
the song
this is out there dancing
it's really hard to get him to smile I
guess there we go there we go
over there smile yes
on behalf of Santa I would like to give
him his very first Christmas gift oh
this is first Christmas Gabi got a
little a little windier haha nicee play
with it though yeah so let's see the
picture we actually got him smiling you
guys look at that smile
you had Nana buddy those so cute getting
to see him sit there and oh you look so
dapper you can spit up and drool all
over the outfit now we don't care do you
say any give him any words of wisdom oh
he's like why do you wear all yeah he
was looking at my shirt he's like who's
that okay this is just scary you guys
they cut this woman in half and put her
on a metal pole for display
that's not cool is it dude is it we're
just gonna leave mom behind hello huh
Huh What huh what just a huh
what are you know order buddy you're
gonna order a steak can order a big ol
steak yeah he's really happy I know you
just thought Sienna he's in a steak
house what could be better every time we
come to this restaurant this he gets
there boom mac and cheese and then I
pick out it all night and then she gives
me the stink-eye all night she's like
dude that's my macro nature Olly Olly
pop hey what are you doing over there
take a look at em chillin on the booth
next to Missy hey alright guys I hope
you enjoyed today's vlog be sure to give
it a thumbs up but go into bed and don't
forget to go watch the new video on my
channel I did a Q&A I answered a lot of
really cool questions until it learn a
little bit about me thank you guys so
much for watching you guys are awesome
thanks for all the awesome comments you
gave um on yesterday's vlog I was really
cool to see so you guys Rock
and we will see you tomorrow Gabbar a
bar good bone good bye let's get you in
your bed you think you don't have you
sleep in your bed mmm you guys gonna
give karma kiss
terrible morning I will admit there
Vincent tears so you're probably
wondering yesterday why there were three
blogs up at the same time and it kind of
made like our vlogs out of order so
here's what happened I was looking at my
YouTube app on my phone what I did was
here's like all our vlogs right and it's
kind of going through them and actually
had clicked on these three little
buttons right here like that and see how
it comes up with this
