hey guys before today's vlog starts you
know how I like promoting YouTube
original content so I want to tell you
about this really cool cooking
competition show from HLN on the up wave
channel it's called cook your ass off
and it's got chefs competing to change
the way we eat
check out the clip this is cook your ass
off
celebrity chef Richard Blais host of
cooking competition will incredible
cooking and healthy food fight to
coexist everything I learned in culinary
schools has just gone out the window
dishing out the drama home and out the
delicious Wow and the nutritionist so
this show is hosted by celebrity chef
Richard Blais and each week three chefs
compete to win the $50,000 grand prize
and to change lives and what they do
it's really cool they take unhealthy
food and they transform it into like
nutritious food a premiered on December
1st at 7:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time
on up wave on HLN so be sure you
subscribe to their channel up wave by
clicking here it's a really awesome
Channel they're putting out a lot of
really YouTube original content that is
actually really awesome to watch so be
sure to check it out and now on to
today's vlog
who's it called
are you doing your training side with me
this is all Sunday
good boy he's gonna do amazing things
good morning guys
it has been a pretty terrible morning I
will admit there's been some tears so
you're probably wondering yesterday why
there were three vlogs up at the same
time and it kind of made like our vlogs
out of order so here's what happened I
was looking at my YouTube app on my
phone what I did was here's like all our
vlogs right and it's kind of going
through them and I accidentally had
clicked on these three little buttons
right here like that and see how it
comes up with this and my finger slipped
and I hit the remove upload day three
sixteen was gone and I was like oh my
god crap and so I woke up Brian next to
me and I was like Brian I don't know
what I just did I think I just deleted
something so I showed him I don't know
if at that point I had accidentally
deleted another vlog he's all sudden
three seventeen was missing all sudden
it went from three sixteen missing I was
like crap to three seventeen the day
that we decorated the Christmas tree
like a really big day just gone missing
and went freakin missing and I was like
it's so like Brian of course I popped up
he went to the computer he's like course
I started like crying cuz like you work
so hard like we work really hard at
YouTube and like we log every single day
we have not missed a day and all of a
sudden these days were just like gone
not only we're like memories kind of
just like not that our memories are gone
to like are our videos of us like
decorating the tree like a really big
day when I'm like my favorite days is
gone but like it was just like really
really like sucky and like it kind of
messed up the whole order like that we
upload every single day and a vlog goes
up every single day all of sudden like
our credibility went went missing
everything that we've worked for just
like went away kind of thing like not
that it went away but you know I got I
want to be dramatic about it but at the
same time it was really really bad in
the end we found the two vlogs and we
were able to upload them so we had to
upload them all at the same time so you
guys got like three videos all the same
time it really really really sucked and
I was really upset about it and
obviously you guys know that we vlog
every day and we haven't missed the day
and you guys have seen the vlogs go
watch those other two videos and say
a they uploaded this on the right day
yeah yeah so I cried this morning I was
really sad okay but it's okay we'll pass
so I have to go Christmas shopping today
so I really yeah let's do it
let's sign the papers who gets custody
me obviously what I'm talking about this
um I can make I can make me see it's
really eating yeah it wasn't really hard
morning you guys in the comments just
let me see know how amazing she is don't
let her feel bad I was upset at first
and she got upset and bla bla bla bla
bla it happens babe don't need all those
cookies please oh well I was going to
say sometimes we like to joke around
that we're gonna need a divorce again
isn't that funny super funny everybody
sometimes you guys were thought a clay
pair who is this who you sitting next to
hey boy
good morning Claire just came up here
and like almost sat on him I had to move
him over I'm like okay you can hang out
with him but you have to sit next to him
politely and you just wake up from a nap
how was it is the good me up cover no
Claire's allowed to hang out with him Oh
someone got in trouble someone got in
trouble
he's like my dad is working
look what we got a cook in we've got
wild rice chicken soup and I don't want
to open it but it looks really really
good it's got like all kinds of stuff in
there it's got onions in there which we
don't belong isn't like anything but
where we cut them up really big as you
can see so that we can take them out but
it'll still get all the flavor in there
I hope it turns out really good because
we started it really early this morning
hopefully I'll cook all day and then
I'll be really yummy later got celery in
it carrots all kinds of good stuff
wooo carrots mmm look at me I'm in a a
prig so I'm doing a really fun baking
video and you've got oli here I got to
tell you guys we make a lot of videos
and it is it's pretty difficult to do
when you have a baby because he cries
and so either he's got to be in the
video or he's got to be quiet on the
other end of the video and so it is
really hard but we always manage to get
it done being really good right now
um yeah we just got to finished this
part of the video and then we can get on
with our day
he's like hit himself in the face with
this flower you look like Betty Crocker
baby I know I'm even the red fur doesn't
Betty Crocker wear red oh I know her
boxes are right some like applesauce
with her look what came you guys we got
our Ollie pop stuff so I got a white
v-neck and it's got the lollipop and
then we also did iPhone cases look at
dude look that's you you're a little
Ollie pop how crazy is that just got
done with the first part of my video
which actually this video is gonna take
me a few days to do but I'm really I'm
excited about it and in the process I
got baby Ollie to see so he's taking a
little nap um up in his room is he in
that crib um actually no he's in our
room but he's in the co-sleeper I'm
going Christmas shopping which like I
said really sucks because I can't really
take you on my adventures because it
sounds really fun but you guys are just
gonna have to be surprised when we open
our presents on Christmas Day it may be
a really cool blog you think though yeah
I think it's gonna be really emotional
we we always go so crazy on Christmas
Ryan always like like spending way too
much money on each other and get each
other wait we need gifts especially
Brian you always do waiting I'm really
bad yeah I really am
yeah I didn't want to tell you guys if
you want to get a sweet lollipop shirt
like this oh I should put it on huh yeah
put it on take it
laughs buddy yeah
boom holiday Bob no so cool no one ever
no that's your son my son okay okay but
it's not really Ollie it's just a car
cartoon only pop version of him yeah
it's not it's only weird if you make it
weird
no I really like I think it looks
amazing on the white yeah it looks like
a really bright cheerful design yeah
definitely and he he also designed it to
go on the white all right go get your
ollie pops shirt there's only one or two
more days till you can get it on
Christmas 13th is the last day if you
want to order anything from the daily
bombs marcom start to get it on
Christmas good morning again hey Ollie
pop hey buddy you wake Hey Dude are you
gonna go Christmas shopping now do you
want to take him yeah hey you're gonna
tell me tell me where mommy it's such a
nice day out you guys is like 65 degrees
and it feels warm and like now that I'm
used to like 50 degree weather stepping
out on 65 degrees like makes me feel so
much nicer so yeah it's a beautiful day
the sky is actually like bright blue
okay like you gotta understand it's like
mid December and the sky is bright blue
that's really cool don't get ready to go
shopping and I'm actually going with my
mom yeah we go in they lock so when we
go to my mom I have two different car
seats and this is the one that I had
originally purchased it's a great go and
I actually like it a little bit more
well not that I like it more my other
one I like because it's like it's okay
it's like a better brand I guess you can
say because it's a bright X I like this
one because it actually is a lot lighter
I can't even carry that other one when I
try and carry I'm like I feel dying this
one is it feels lighter I don't know if
it actually is it just feels lighter
feels like easier yeah I don't know he's
just different in this one you look like
a bigger boy in this one he just seems
like on a larger I guess I guess it
could mean he could grow out of this one
faster but the other one he like sinks
in more
but you like this a nice soccer ball in
Tokyo I love his monkey blanket he loved
your monkey you look like you're gonna
take another nap and cue for the kisses
I'm Michael I'm get you a present we all
think about it okay would you consider
yourself naughty or nice I didn't wanna
let you guys know that we have a cool
little surprise guest coming to visit us
for Christmas can you guys guess who
leave it in the comments below but I'm
really really excited and right now I'm
actually headed to go do some Christmas
shopping so I'm in the kids section and
look what just fell it's so cute it's
like one piece go die it's like the
coolest thing ever I know it so I was
thinking it's so cute and it doesn't
like your shirt will never come on yeah
which is that I hate get putting shirts
on him because I swear he I just hate
picking him up cuz it sure just flies up
this is like perfect $12 I had to even
send a picture to Brian cuz I was like
this is so cute
so I'm sitting inside target trying to
shop and Oliver sizes eight but he
thinks that he's so funny right now that
he should just play a hundred even one
play ah it's acid or child hi Cara
hi Kelly you happy to see me you see me
as you are
oh no he's Chucky so always don't have
anything that he licks my hand and
nibbled it don't you give me little
nibbles little latinum Missy's still
Christmas shopping the ice got back and
it smells so delish and Nishal Petrin we
got chicken and wild rice soup cooking I
was told not to take the top off but I
really want to precise Oh God yeah I did
Christmas shopping got a whole lot done
I feel good about it I'm the cat I'm the
type person that wants to go out in one
day get everything done so I don't to
worry about it
for for Christmas because we've
literally done the thing where it's like
oh crap what are we getting for
so-and-so the day before Christ nice any
last minute Christmas shoppers out there
he's probably out buying you time to
present saw tons of presents so you can
tear them open and be a happy puppy this
little guy don't bungle laughs it's not
but do you think is really cool huh
you look so cute we've been shopping
like all day going crazy shopping we're
almost done
he's almost you got had it we got had it
up to here with this shopping
shenanigans huh so guys being so stinkin
cute like look at him please anything on
me he wants to be held and he wants to
be on my hip and he I the thing is I
forgot um my carrier didn't Brian's car
so I pretty much have to carry him
because he's not having it in there huh
yeah I'm not gonna like this and he just
learned a new trick where he can flip
his his button air and try and get out
so I had to keep a really good eye on
him huh did you get into strong and big
comfort time oh I had to trick anything
me I just put the thing look at this guy
he fell asleep
holy his flower you just tired boil it's
bath time bath time for baby look at you
guys he's gonna be a sailor he's
actually playing with the submarine do
you want to be in us like you could like
you could actually like control one of
those things in your older you know that
right you like being a submarine you'd
be like 10-4 baby you look at this so
hard thing I don't know again I don't
know and this one it always reminds me
of the fish from Finding Nemo you guys
made me II I never knew my fault oh
thank you guys all so much for all the
love and support on my new video on my
new channel if you guys haven't seen it
go check it out I'll put a link in the
description below but I'm just like so
thrilled I think like after like six
hours I have like 1500 likes which is
amazing
you guys are awesome thank you again go
watch it you haven't seen it it's really
cool do we used to talk about my massive
fail today it wasn't that big of a deal
but it was like really scary for a
second it's not that big of a deal we
still at least we salvage the vlogs I
was afraid we didn't even have them I
know
then like thank you guys I literally
every night when I make the vlog I
download the previous vlog and a low-res
version to put at the end slate for
yesterday's vlog it's like super easy I
just like it it's super easy to hit it's
just part of the part of what I do now
and I actually had those two vlogs in my
recycle bin about to delete permanently
then we're in a trashcan okay and so I
was like oh thank god I at least have
those there's no like confirm you
literally click remove upload and it's
gone little Bambi Gontier app is very I
don't know why it's so easy so major
defect yeah no I need scale see you too
bad what about the sleep one time I
think I'm ready tweeted something I like
crap I shouldn't tweeted bad in the mill
the night like a drunk me except you
have to sleep no I seriously have here's
a confession to I don't know why I'm
confessing is a one time I emailed
someone back in a little the night I
just was up for ambling about something
and I said no God really was that when
you were working did you you no no no no
I I emailed a fellow youtuber and I was
just like yeah so buh-buh-buh-buh-buh I
tried talking all this stuff I shouldn't
in talking about you know obviously it's
okay everyone forgives you
right everyone please forgive me anyway
I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog get a
thumbs up because we saved those two
vlogs that's like a miracle all right
they're Christmas miracle
I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog we'll
see you tomorrow I'm tired I'm gonna go
sleep right here watch this nope don't
why are you doing on what don't do it
that's honorable people sleep don't tell
them your secret I don't suck my thumb
what on me hey dude hey you gonna roll
over oh he did it
Missy he rolled over
you did it you're the smartest baby in
the world okay yes yes he did it so fast
can you roll over roll over
