good morning Karma good morning BB ollie
good morning baby Jesus good morning
baby Ollie's toy that makes noises when
no one even touches that good morning
chai latte
good morning food good morning Christmas
tree and weird ornament good morning
guys hey some of those hey this is our
son baby
good boy he's gonna do amazing things
it is mondo mondo mondo that's my banana
bro I am just eating some breakfast like
I got this cool little like toaster
strudel thingy I've never had one of
these they always look so fun cuz the
kids on the commercials they're always
having so much fun when they put their
little frosting on they're like oh I'm
so arty and educated I put my own
frosting on my toaster strudel cuz I'm
independent that's probably what they
say but I understand what how you can
make it look all like commercial makes
it look amazing I'm just gonna go like
this just go all right there boom good
morning get morning lighting morning
good morning good morning good morning
morning would get money running morning
hey do you guys hear my phone right now
it's going crazy because we announced
that we're gonna be doing some really
cool messaging with you guys with the
new app called glide so if you haven't
done it yet
download the app there's a link in the
description and then I'll put my pin
there also so you can add me as a friend
and send me messages maybe all he's
already been replying to some of them
huh were you saying hi to all the people
who watch us it was really cool huh huh
my phone is oh my gosh I cannot wait to
go through these you guys is so cool
baby all he's been grabbing his pit look
that he like grabs his feet
sometimes I'll hold them he gets a good
good enough grip ha hey guys so I'm up
this morning uh as you know last night
well you might not know actually last
night was a little rough again huh we
just love to be up all night yes we do
anyways this is the that um last night I
was supposed to I always pumped right
before bed I like literally pump and I
usually get like three to four ounces
but because Olly was like having a bad
night he actually ate a lot that night
and so I was like okay yeah I don't have
to pump well big mistake
I woke up like well okay like 3:00 a.m.
and I was like completely engorge and he
and woken up so it put him on and then
he wasn't obviously going to eat that
much and so then um fell asleep and I
kept like going back to bed and then
finally this morning I woke up and my
boobs are completely bruised
like literally bruised all the way
around it hurts so bad so of course
since I woke up I had to pump so I got
like a good 5 ounces I could have pumped
more but when it's during the daytime I
don't want to pump too much because
obviously all he needs to eat so I don't
wanna like drain my boobs or anything
this is all like booby talk so if you're
like a guy or a kid you're like what is
going on I'm sorry it's already a bad
night with all I'm not really sleeping
very well and then the fact that I
didn't pump I definitely just should
have pumped in the first place so yeah
that was fun oh hey Vanessa Larry
doesn't he's have funny he's actually
been doing this thing where he starts
copying us like will stick us our tongue
out at him mm-hmm
you're not gonna be right now cuz I
recruited you huh hanging out in his
rocking play I'm getting some stuff done
oh well we gotta go huh you have your
baby well guys it's come to that I'm so
mad at Bryan and I've made him his own
bed you can sleep in here now
just kidding this is for the guests
coming later you guys probably already
know I've got to do laundry I'm gonna
hang all these clothes it's to karma
what are you gonna do
what do you clean up you think of your
poop in the backyard you poop all the
time and you never clean it up it's very
rude
whoo I had to change my shirt because
we've just been running around and
cleaning up and trying to get everything
situated getting ready to head to San
Diego but I've been trying if you guys
live in the United States you know that
today is actually the deadline for the
Affordable Health Care thing that's
going on that Obama did to basically
force us all to get health care and I've
been trying to do
all morning because last time we ran
into this roadblock as well and I was
like aw crap now I got to do it today
but I'm basically it's crashing the
website every single time I go to login
so I think a lot of people have been had
the same idea as to wait until last
minute but actually I want to talk about
this because the affordable healthcare
act if you're in the United States
basically it's forcing Americans to get
health insurance so it's not only the
fact that there is like Medicare
available or like huge subsidies because
being in California we've always had
access to medical but you actually have
to make under a certain amount and I've
always worked jobs where I know I've
never was really off offered health care
well I was but it was like a ridiculous
amount so I never really saw that the
point to actually get health care
Missy's always have care we've always
made sure that Macy's had health care
obviously because she's got stuff going
on and she we were trying to have a baby
and stuff like that but I never felt the
need to actually pay for me so I've been
to the doctor in a really long time so
the only thing that I'm really grateful
for this is that it's actually forcing
me to get health care and it's gonna
force me to go to the doctor I think
that's something that you need to just
sort of buck up and do and I'm finally
at the point where I'm like fine you
know I have a family and a kid and I
should probably make sure I'm healthy
you know so I don't drop dead on these
people because I guess they're like they
look to me for certain things San Diego
oh I think he's hungry
I care for the exact last time I fed is
I think it's been like two hours so I
think he's like beat me I'm going to
scream the entire way to San Diego
so we have to pull over really let's go
over here
sure look at that want to pull up yeah
we're gonna get the boy out of there
get the boy out of there minutes food
you need nutrients are you a shot baby
oh just that baby so we're on the side
of the road and Missy is freaking hot it
can't be the weirdest place you've ever
breastfed right um weirdest place you've
ever breastfed leave it in the comments
it is kind of weird so you have like
cars going by but you got to do what you
got to do right and got a hungry kid
look how much happier he is now hey
buddy look I got food I'm good now can
we go can we go yeah you got a little
scratch Scarface baby that's okay yeah
you'll be all right
it'd be really hard all fruits are you
finally have a sleeping baby which is
that was a little stressful Mikey seems
happy now and I was sitting here and you
know how I was telling you guys earlier
that my like Kubik busy hurts like it
feels so bruised I don't think I thought
earlier that it's just because like I
was really enforced all morning or all
night but now I'm starting to think that
it could be like the first stages of
mastitis I'm like really freaking out
about it because I probably should have
brought like my pump because I really
need to like train my boob so weird just
talk about you know I'm just really
worried to say it like really hurts like
it even hurts even hold him on this side
of me because it's like she leans up
against it and I'm really hurt I don't
have any other symptoms so yeah a
flu-like symptoms like fever sometimes
you get like a rash on your breast like
I don't have that so like I don't know
if I might have just caught it really
early but Molly just could happen was
that I just did it because I didn't like
pump it just kind of got built up I
don't know I don't know I'm really
freaking out though because I really
don't want mastitis I heard horror
stories about it and I'm really worried
about it of course I'll work my waist or
what if I did have it if you guys
haven't guessed yet my mom is here hi
guys Graham's gonna be here for the
holidays now see I walked into the house
and what Missy walked in front of me and
my mom hugged Missy and then took Molly
and now I'm just like standing at the
door and she's like oh I guess I should
probably say hi to you too huh biggest
blue eyes daddy's here yay yeah baby's
first Christmas present you think you
have it you can go grab it have been
amazing if we did there you go yeah
that's where the wrapping paper goes
come on Paul you could do it I don't
understand just give it to me yeah we
don't got it
rattle and roll Oh balkon wanna be a car
that's perfect
see ya damn it roll details cars shall
always get cars for you that's okay cuz
parents don't need to buy your car now
cuz should give me one can I put it in
my bag this sounds like a little chicky
I'm so cool thank you have you perfect
for him
oh let's take that off he's like a
little dragster babe yeah you might want
to lean next to him and hold them this
is so cool so this is a car that my
uncle Chris made and he designed it all
it's like baby's first dragster thank
you Dave these big old tires that's
pretty cool dude hi Beverly
hey hi I miss you I wish you were here
look at this cute face look at it look
at this yep nice we got two big old
chickens and we are boiling taters and
we're making gravy and we're making
rolls so we got a whole week's worth of
food we actually went grocery shopping
yesterday and bought ton of food so that
we want to have to like go shopping or
go anywhere for Christmas
cuz shopping around this time sucks oh
my gosh I barely vlog today because I'm
so I feel so sick I'm really afraid I
have mastitis
I like really feel like I have like a
fever I am super super warm but I
checked my temp and I don't so I don't
know it's really strange
and also I'm just in a lot of pain I
just feel like I'm getting all you ready
for bed hi getting ready for bed Hobie
we have a good night so I can get some
sleep and hopefully I can kind of kick
this really quickly I'm trying to pump
and nurse as much as possible on this
side because that's kind of where it
hurts the most
hopefully I just kick it
out and sleep it away or something so I
am out with my mom and we are Christmas
shopping the day before Christmas Eve
sorry
bring a bunch of stuff with me back ok
ok this is actually a pretty cool
experience getting to shop mom look at
this holiday lane how about Christmas
joy good
oh isn't that yeah like it's a song sock
monkey lady and that is the scientific
fact
get it this is a weird tree two people
actually put this tree in their house so
baby all I just found his toes I mean he
found them like a few days ago but now
he's like really trying to get those in
his mouth get it in your mouth you need
to tell us if you're like a real monkey
now like a real live monkey come on just
gotta push it up there but there ya go
oh you got your hand you don't mind me
so I got all eight asleep yay this
really weird thing though that about 10
or 15 minutes um after he falls asleep
every single time he wakes up crying
it's so weird it's like a literally like
it's like a thing every 15 minutes after
day like after 15 minutes after he's
been sleeping he just wakes up like that
it's really weird I got them on and on
him I'm gonna keep an eye on him down
here while I clean the kitchen Brian's
up shopping so I guess since I've done
and go to bed am i I'm feeling like a
little bit better I guess but I'm just
worried cuz the pain still there so like
I said she's trying to stay on top of it
hopefully it's not worst in the morning
so I'm noticing a reoccurring pattern of
people who are out Christmas shopping
right now especially around the jewelry
in the perfume have you noticed husbands
oh yeah literally groups of husbands
shopping together who have waited way
too long and they're spinning and
jewelry and perfume like oh uh what am i
doing the doghouse yeah apparently so
funny I was actually prepared
a long time ago I got all my shopping
done wait early so feeling pretty good
about myself I think we did it I think I
got him to sleep um and you didn't wake
up screaming so I think I'm good I
cleaned the kitchen and no wake up so
I'm gonna get ready for bed
how many probably still shopping but I'm
not really sure he's done yet
hopefully he gets home soon cos getting
late and I'm so tired okay guys just got
back from Christmas shopping with my
Madre and tomorrow's Christmas Eve holy
moly tomorrow's Christmas Eve
I am so tomorrow's Christmas Eve right
babe okay trongs christmas eves oh I'm
so excited I hope you guys had a
fantastic Christmas Eve Eve be sure to
give this video a thumbs up please
please did you give anything for
Christmas no give me a thumbs up please
thank you I hope you guys enjoy today's
vlog and we will see you tomorrow bye
bye guys Oh try again are you sure you
want to do it right next to our baby all
right uh right here okay okay oh my gosh
oh good yeah straight as a board Cassie
legs up legs up Cassie there you go
