what what are you guys doing I'm trying
a cool move baby all in raspberry oh you
have to get real here in a second huh
some frisbees huh doc you wanted this is
all fun baby good boy he's gonna do
amazing things where ah okay guys you
try try again I got this way oh are you
sure you want to do it right next to our
baby
yes all right
uh sighs right here okay right okay oh
my gosh okay
okay straight as a board Cassie legs up
legs up Cassadaga oh my gosh you guys
know y'all are crazy
no he's technically yet not in it this
would make it perfect
get all these like uh you guys are crazy
hey buddy hi oh he's dead hide you guys
see that you it smoker hey guys welcome
to today's vlog we're doing one take and
I put the intro in it
so that's how we do one takes a lot of
people are always like you're not
supposed to have the intro in it if you
do one takes that I'm like I like the
intro
why can't I just throw it in there you
know what I mean easy I'm still just
filming one take with no editing yeah
it's just a clapping that I'll say to my
phone uh
lets out of you with our intro it's a
little part of it it's part of us you
guys so today we're doing one tip we've
already had a super busy day I ate a
huge burrito I'm really glad you guys
need to see it cuz you would be like
Brian quit eating every day you're so
fat you don't need any more burritos
so good though I didn't finish it I did
really good babe and I was like I'm only
gonna eat like 3/4 of it yeah you only
ate 3/4 of it man maybe more like 5/6
and we went furniture shopping because
we're trying to get we want to get rid
of this you guys and I really want like
a sofa chase thing to sort of wrapper
actually found the perfect one from Ikea
okay if it's perfect it looks cool but
Missy's totally not for sure but I'm
just going to buy it shake it over all
on her little girl on her okay cool so
we have an announcement for you guys
it's like it's like Christmas Eve Eve is
it Christmas Eve Eve miss Eva how many
eggs do we have there's two weeks I
don't know it's almost Christmas and so
we were trying to think of a way
something we could do for you guys and
Christmas by job we're gonna do
something really cool for Christmas I
have a couple ideas and we have someone
coming for Christmas too which is really
cool we're actually gonna go pick them
up tomorrow but today I want to share
with you guys something that we can do
so a lot of people have been asking for
like a Skype chat or a way to FaceTime
us or talk to us face to face because we
love interacting with you guys it's one
of the coolest things we can do as
creators like when we do the live stream
it's really cool because like we can
read your tweets in real time and sort
of have a conversation but we want to do
something a little different and I
actually been using this app with Austin
back and forth like chatting with him
and stuff if you don't know my buddy
Austin he's from the night Knowles and
so here's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna
have a link in the description and you
guys can click it if you have I believe
is it for Android too
I don't know actually I'm not sure if
you're on Android check it out and see
if you got it too but I know it's for
iPhone um I think they said hi dad
but you guys can go download the app
I'll have a link in the description
click that download the app and then
here's what you're going to want to do I
have a pin it's dhk a ccq so when you
open the app you're going to see this
and then you're going to see add friends
and then you're going to put in my pin
which I'll have on the description and
on
screen and then you guys can send me
live video text messages it's like
really cool Austin and I have been
sending them back and forth and kind of
just here actually I can send one toss
turn right now
you push this you go what up Austin
showing the peeps this cool glide app so
we can chat is it in his ow and then it
sends it to him and then he can like
text back with another video message so
here's what we gonna do if you guys send
us messages we're gonna try and respond
to every single one of them we're really
going to try so please send us messages
so we can talk back and forth it's
really really cool I really love this
app it's called glide and I also have
one more thing for you guys send us
another message using this glide app to
my pin and I want you guys to tell me
what is your favorite thing about
Christmas just really simple ten to
thirty seconds of you saying my favorite
thing about Christmas is blank and then
we're what we're going to do is we're
going to pick our favorites and we're
gonna put them in the Christmas special
so if you guys want to be in our
Christmas special vlog the very first
vlog baby's first Christmas then you
guys got to do that so you like I said
there's a link in the description you
guys can download the app and then I'll
have my pin on the screen so you guys
can chat with me and I'm really excited
because I actually get to talk to you
guys like almost face to fit like phone
to phone you know what I mean it's kind
of like facetiming but it's a little
different so pretty excited about that
in the Christmas special say Merry
Christmas Merry Christmas
hey but it's your first Christmas isn't
it yes it is where he said hi dad
because husband hello look at these big
blue eyes you guys I know they're so
blue like they're really blue like
they're almost as blue as mine yeah they
started out pretty dark
they're definitely lighting up paint
nice he's like oh I see you guys
hmm no closer guys yeah he like broke
the camera now it's all blurry good job
buddy
oh yeah like really blurry yeah I focus
focus focus usually usually this part
gets cut out but yep you're good it's
focused now wait it's still focusing
with the smile that we got okay so you
guys know how yesterday I hung up his
impression ornament thing yeah I don't
know what happened but I looked at it
today it's like all curved and messed up
and I guess it wasn't like completely
dry it's Ted eight hours to dry and then
an additional 12 so it's been like 48
hours and it's still not dry so kind of
it doesn't yeah it feels pretty soft I
don't know what happened
it definitely has character now okay I
think karmas is flattered yeah I think
we should paint it and put like baby's
first Christmas on it or something that
would be cool let's see if Austin glided
me back I think he's at church actually
you guys won another what we should we
should send him another message what
should I say to Austin on Glide ah a lot
of pressure oh how about you say ho ho
ho and I'll send it to him okay
all right three two one go oh ho ho see
and then it says recording live and oh
wait I'm totally doing this wrong there
you go okay so you don't have to hold it
down
like like on Instagram or anything you
just press it record your message and
send it to me I'm really excited cuz
this is gonna be a really cool way yeah
she was downstairs and she could
actually watch me as I was recording it
yeah alive and I was just like and it
didn't seem to have like a time limit
either like she was just like watching
me as I was like taking it around yeah
and he had different effects to you can
like make it scary
like X like an x-ray vision yeah and I
know it also sends a notification so
when you guys send me your initial
message you will actually receive a
notification on your phone when I'm
recording your message and you can jump
right into it and see like me recording
live so it's almost like we're having
like a video phase chat face-to-face
it's party it's pretty sick I'm pretty
loving it pretty much love in it hey
dude you want to glide some people
you're gonna glide people see this guy
he'll be he'll be in the messages we'll
try and put him in the messages so you
could say hey guys how are you he's like
yeah I kind of chew on my hand ring yeah
he's gonna have and he took a nap
he took a nap yes he had a much better
than two like two naps today too and he
did really good last night too so I
think he's he's good I think he was
overly tired the other night and then
tonight he's looked much better oh yeah
yes where he plays this game where he
sees like how much spit can I get onto
my hand it's like gross out my parents
yeah so talkative oh my gosh he really
is got that bigger now you're gonna
choke yourself dude yeah Oh anyway
that's it for today's vlog um be sure to
give this blog a big thumbs up and we
will see you guys tomorrow have you
glided me up have you lied admit would
you guys love me if I walked around like
this still alright you'll fly away fly
stuff
slang you're like Santa's reindeer buddy
huh supid oh are you guys want to give
him a kiss ah he's so good at grabbing
oh oh yeah yeah yeah do they you are not
dropping me fool yeah oh okay
if you see oh my god you guys he's
really in there okay
hey go ahead buddy gosh
hey I just didn't want to get off
