Oh prettier than guys mati
he looks freakin adore him
fix guys feet for the bum very nice of
you
this is our son Bailey
do amazing things
baby all he loves Katy Perry Kevin
opening my little pumpkin my little
pumpkin Ollie pop he's playing with this
boo it's like a Winnie the Pooh teether
and when you squeeze it it vibrates so
he likes it
hmm-hmm-hmm have you learned to squeeze
it yet he likes putting the ring in his
mouth you tweet it ooh that's
interesting huh
can't tell if he likes it or not this
morning
um I was holding Ollie and I did have a
shirt on and he was smiling cuz he's
like I like this story and he sped up on
me quick right into my belly button Oh
didn't it that was funny he was like
he's gonna be a basketball player hey
guys so I am just cleaning up I'm
priming out to get some lunch for us
because I'm starving
think I'm finally over the hump of my
sickness I'm still sick and have like a
little cough um but yeah I feel like I
might be getting better which makes me
happy I really don't like being sick and
Ollie seems like he's gonna come out of
it without getting sick which I'm like
so excited about he might have a little
stuffed up nose because last night I
could hear it um but then you woke up
and he was fine so I don't know I mean
I'd be pretty cool if he ends up not
getting sick and if he does get sick
it'll probably just be like a you know
just like a nasal thing or something but
he won't be like full-blown like nasty
sick like I was it was terrible someone
said in the comments they're like you
he's sick all the time
I don't get sick all the time I haven't
been sick since like last year actually
the last time I was like sick was um I
was like really early pregnant with
Oliver I think I was like maybe 10 or 11
weeks and we went to Idlewild for
Brian's birthday so that was the last
time I was like
I was really sick Brian on the other
hand he's sick I think he has that thing
called um I think they call in the
England man flu it mostly always has man
flu I am out and about in this sunny
Sunday morning it is 61 degrees out but
it is nice and sunny and I'm running
errands with this little guy hey hey hey
can you say hey oli oli hey oli the
camera they hate he's so rude sometimes
I'm really sorry you guys good ol Nessie
here is telling me she's out of gas
I've got four miles three miles but
breakdown isn't that how it works if you
get in the car you want to go make a
quick trip and then you're out of gas
you have a gap you guys to be fair
though I've been loving this Prius it
cost like 35 bucks to fill up the tank
and we get like a good 450 miles out of
a tank so it's pretty sweet hey oh hey
zombie you kid I know right isn't baby
Holly she's the cutest nose brain so
fresh so young yeah hey you stay away
from baby all he's bright not kid got a
good noggin there yesterday out a few
guys watch the vlog put like this snow
around our window or mirrors um it looks
pretty cool but the same time it Brian
actually did all which I was kind of
bummed rocks I was all like excited by
and then Brian just like did it all in
10 miles I'm gonna break down got out of
gas I really hope that the gas station
is right around the corner really good
cuz I'm not around Atticus I'm gonna try
it on the windows but not stand so close
you see how it works just realize what
I'm wearing you guys weapons I look okay
from here out but Express him sweat
patterning hey he's like yeah dad you
look like a bum why do you look like a
bum you're being so good for daddy thank
you for not screaming and crying cuz I
don't have boobies to give you and when
it just it went it
he's thinking really hard about his next
move you guys he's like what should i do
should I roll over should I cross I skip
straight to walking decisions decisions
see I told you guys only 32 bucks and I
was like really empty - all right let's
go dude look at that it literally says I
had one mile left we have fine hey
Carmen stop it Carmen him we're just
like scary oh there it is
Carmen I don't look it up like that is
disgusting
thank you I gotta get you a rag yeah
Carmen him I just like looking at each
other for a few minutes ago when I put
them in here oh yeah yeah hey Mia oh hey
just a little bit Carl away you can cut
your little butter
you think he's free cute Oh actually
he's wearing a shirt that says I love my
big brother karma had me sent you this
is joy dances children really yeah and
I'm my big brother karma karma he loves
you you love him yeah of course they do
he's a kind of annoying carried away
sometimes eight guys dinky dinky so
Bryan got home and then this happened
what are you doing it's really fun I
mean completely crazy he thinks this is
a snowball Mound
yeah it's you know when you're a kid you
mount up snowballs and you make a pile
of all looks cool I guess this is a
snowman just so you know that's not
gonna dry right it's so thick what the
heck is this well I tried to do eyes
with the markers but I didn't work I'm
just
festive okay ICAC yeah well I mean right
here was really sick friend see how I
died like I was clumpy gotta get baby up
beer at me and Brian are outside right
now and we're actually about to play
with some fire and we're doing it for
one of Brian's upcoming videos I'm
really excited about it I think it's
being really fun hopefully we don't burn
down the house Leo Leo come here he's
like come out here he's playing a fire
so we have not burned down the house yet
but look at this you guys whoa my hair
is even wrapped around this camera it's
everywhere we got a karma a Kong frisbee
a few weeks ago mmm thinking that this
would make it so he wouldn't tear it
apart what it is he's not supposed to be
able to do this what the heck karma are
you for real like I don't need to take
this crap I'm just playing my ball
somewhere else
this is ridiculous things are not
supposed to be torn apart they aren't
the argue little poo will base Wu stuff
why's he don't care
all right guys another preview of a
video that's going up on my channel
let's just say it involves acetone and
lighting stuff on fire no that was
actually really really cool and it
worked too and holy cow it's so cold out
here it's like 55 degrees you guys
that's really cold for us you know we
decorated my bedroom but we still
haven't decorated like the main house
part and so I'm in our second living
room area and so we are going to
decorate it of course always here to
help be here to help yeah yeah you know
picked my song so we gotta get the
Christmas music going okay there's a
story behind this picture it's very old
it's um actually been in my grandpa's
family for a really long time like my
dad grew up with it and my grandpa used
to always tell me stories about like the
people that are in it like he would
always say like um this is me and this
is your grandma when we were little and
that's my dad and she would always like
give it it's not really it's just like a
picture that they purchased it's just
that it's very old-looking
it doesn't really go in our house but at
the same time it's like a family thing
for Christmas though I get to cover it
up and make it a present so like goodbye
yali has had a grocer guys
he looks freakin adore him you believe
that right now look at this is this come
on this is probably the cutest thing
you've seen all day right click thumbs
up
Adi can you smile keep smiling give my
stage ID oh oh oh there goes you ripped
it off he's gonna shave every mommy
could put it on teeth there you go hmm
get it done so I'm still working on
Christmas decorations but I've got this
window up here
oh yes in that cool again yeah I did
while you were up there oh and I wrapped
this present yeah so I stopped it okay
the thing is is that everything is so
high like I'd love to like hang
something from here but it is that's
like really high yeah so I don't know
what I'm gonna do what else I'll do but
I think I'm gonna put some around um
here oh I could put some around the UM
staircase yeah that'd be cool all right
I'm gonna do that that's what they do in
the movies oh really like movie people I
did it look how pretty it is
I think it looks pretty cool I selected
the Spanish version for the checkout and
angry sigh I hope pretty senator and it
can be that something else being old
you're good at Spanish look at that
doughnuts in Mexican I mean in Spanish
and English are the same thing
oh really well no it's I don't know it
only puts it in oh we're it's been
English I'm just gonna yell at me in
Spanish they don't put this in here
right go ahead my god I don't know how
to pay okay I'm sure it's finishing
Pacey's of blinking terminada
a pegar yeah except are a little
Chronicle again la o tender possible use
el disputable JPEG or a complete or lay
transfer kitchen did you get guys whoa
don't look at my pen whoa alright
getting all you ready for bed and I
gotta pick out one of these outfits
unless you want me to do by the way his
room is like a disaster mess right now
and we just cleaned up the living room
downstairs and he just had like all the
stuff down there and so we just put in
here so now it's just I'm asking for a
comfy cozy outfit he's got a bath as you
can tell we wit with ahoy there a monkey
that's a pirate this monkey right or
that dog don't say I'm monkey give this
little rash
around his face um mostly just cuz he's
so drooly right now that he's getting
that little rash doesn't look too bad so
far but I keep putting um coconut oil on
it so that it goes away it doesn't look
painful yet but I don't want to get
worse
did he dead yep alright guys baby is
asleep and you know what that means
you know what the parents do when the
baby falls asleep you make cookies so
you can eat them all to yourself I know
there's parents out there that do that
that wait for their kids to fall asleep
and then they make like sweets and stuff
you know I mean I bet you have you ever
done that as a parent way to your kid
fall asleep and then like break out the
ice cream and the cookies and stuff I
guess yeah we are making Benji's
chocolate chip cookie recipe this is
like become a staple in our house now is
this chocolate chip cookie recipe it's
so ballin these chocolate chips from
Trader Joe's are so good
look at that you guys it's not not not
no it's not like thicker thicker my boy
I look good I mean really good oh my god
we did that anchorman add in yesterday's
video did you guys see it go check it
out it was really really funny and
really creative we loved this movie I
used to watch this movie all the time
how many times did I make you watch this
movie with me well one time you made me
come over in my pajamas and watch it in
the morning for real for real skis I
can't wait for the second one it's gonna
be so much fun
holy crap you guys look at these cookies
I think this is the best that they've
ever looked
I've actually outdone myself dang cool
Oh alright guys before I end today's
vlog I have an announcement probably the
cutest announcement ever are you guys
ready this is something that we've been
working on for quite a while now and
working really closely with our merch
shop for we now have shirts in cases
with an Ollie pop design look at this
the all-new lollipop this is all live on
the merch store right now and it's
pretty stinking amazing it's basically a
cartoon version of ollie baby ollie and
it says the all-new lollipop the candy
that smiles back so cute this is what
the design on the phones look like they
say the only lollipop super high-quality
design we had an amazing cartoonist work
with us to give us that picture of
Oliver I really really liked it I didn't
want to let you guys know that Ollie pop
designs are here the 13th is the last
day to order if you want to receive
something for Christmas with standard
shipping so if you want to get something
by Christmas you gotta order it by the
13th and that's standard shipping if you
want to order something after you can
always like upgrade your shipping and
stuff like that if any of you order an
ollie pop design from now until the 13th
after you've done your order send me an
email with your zip code and I can look
up your order and I'm gonna send you
guys a goodie so if you order one of
these amazing cute so cool Ollie designs
which by the way are on kids t-shirts to
other shirts rompers iPod Touch cases
get Samsung Galaxy cases iPhone cases we
have v-necks we have regular shirts you
can change the colors if you want if you
order one of these from now until the
13th and then you email me with your zip
code or your order number then I will
send you something extra like a little
bonus thing which is actually really
cool too so yeah if you guys want to
order an ollie pop design the link is
below in the description thank you guys
so much for watching I'm really excited
about this and I hope you are too
click the thumbs up if you guys liked
the video and as always we will see you
tomorrow bye since the angel that came
to Mary and said hey you're having a
baby what would you do if an idiot came
up here and was like hey so boom you're
pregnant no I definitely prefer the star
over the angel why is that maybe it's
just because that's how it's been my
whole childhood but I just feel like the
star means more for some reason I don't
know why
