how now brown cow
this Justin you guys this mustache is
brought to you by the upcoming release
of anchorman 2 the legend continues
and fandango's premieres super ticket
experience here's Melissa on the scene
with more information thanks Brian the
super ticket gets you an invitation to
see the movie two days early a copy of
wake up Ron Burgundy The Lost movie a HD
digital download of anchorman 2 and $5
AMC concession cash back to you Brian
super duper click the link down below to
see Ron introduce the super ticket
himself and make sure to leave your
favorite anchorman quote in the comments
to win two free tickets from Fandango
see some of those okay this is all son
baby
the boy is gonna do amazing things
hey good morning what are you doing hey
zapping good morning don't eat your
blanket that is not part of a balanced
breakfast good morning guys
uh so this morning Ollie was cuddling
with Missy and I and this happened
apparently his diaper was pretty full
and Sookie got everywhere so this is
happening kinda sucks I didn't imagine
actually getting peed on by my son until
he was like two or three and crawling
into bed with us in the middle of the
night but for months that must be a new
record
hey to all the pops Carla you're getting
so excited over nothing
you want a banana little Ollie pop Ollie
the monkey your shirt says bananas over
mommy so here you go have banana hello
hey no over me
yep it's a banana phone say hi wing wing
wing
hello mr. monkey my name is ally I am
calling you on behalf of my shirt I
think it's an appropriate I love my mom
I would choose her over me on as any day
I think he's smiling cuz it's cold
Karma's hungry breakfast is the most
important meal of the day so I'm making
some yummy breakfast that's a little bit
of hash browns
gonna throw some scrambled eggs in there
gonna throw some cheese on top gonna cut
up this banana throw that in there it's
going to take some pumpkin bread and
throw that in there scramble it all
together gonna take this summer sausage
throw that in there I'm just kidding I'm
not putting all that in there that'd be
gross
they shout cute in the morning he shall
kill ha you're especially cute when you
peed all over us huh huh
you peed all over us like it's not my
fault hey geez you guys ready for this
you ready for this check us out boom yah
breakfast Oh coffee is going pretty sure
that ollie is now reaching for Missy
when she picks him up okay so good so
cute did you get like the third eye read
anything it takes your hair okay we're
just sitting here having a good time
Oh mommy what's become that's so cool
being that's a good that's a thing he
did Oliver did a thing you guys as you
know I've been having some trouble with
my cloth diapers and so I've been
waiting forever for my new inserts to
come and I just got them these are hemp
inserts and I'm really excited about
that because as you can see they're
really thin but they're him and so they
absorb a lot so if you pees a lot which
I think that's the problem is he's a lot
um these will absorb it but it also
won't make his diaper
super super bulky like it's like so
bulky like he seems like he can't like
move his legs and so don't leave my hair
yeah it won't be bulky but it's orbs
like a lot um so I'm really really
excited about it I feel like it's gonna
like solve my problems hopefully it does
um I still have them in cloth but
actually last night I put them in a
disposable any leaked so just say no
just Hussey's in a disposable doesn't
mean you're not gonna see I'm great at
leaks impulse but come with why are you
buying me spy the scenes both cloth
diapers um you know you can fix it so
hey huh you're so cute when you vlog I
just wanted people to see what you look
like
okay think people can see me like this
well yeah but then they can see you from
two different angles same Christmas
lights
oh I could have done it
notice how I say that after she's
already not we I don't get the theme
turn on unplug and plug back in but yay
happiness let's be happy it's Christmas
Day it's most time is you Christmas baby
hi this is your first Christmas dude
needs a first Christmas outfit and an
ornament yeah here's a Christmas story
that I'm probably gonna butcher about
the star on top of the tree do you know
why we put a star on top of the tree
do you know why we put a star on top of
the tree of course I know why okay so on
the night that Jesus was born there was
a really bright star in the sky and the
three wise men they followed that star
all the way to Bethlehem so they could
see little sweet eight pounds 3 ounces
can barely hold his head up baby Jesus
and the little manger and they brought
him gifts and stuff so we put that star
on top of our tree now just sort of
represent fought like guiding to Jesus
no some people will use the angel and
some people do a star yep there's also
an angel that represents the angel that
came to Mary and said hey you're having
a baby what would you do if an English
came up to you and was like hey so boom
you're pregnant like no I definitely
prefer the star over the angel why is
that maybe it's just because that's how
it's been my whole childhood but I just
feel like the star means more for some
reason I don't know why but you guys
should let us know what you put on top
of your tree hey that's a good question
what do you guys put on top of your tree
a star or an angel in my house it was
always an angel oh really
yeah my mom would always find like the
biggest brightest gardius angel I'm not
saying God is g.od at gaawd my God he's
angel and she loved it and we put it up
on the tree every year yeah I prefer the
stars you guys always did a stunt
some people do other things like your
hair please some people do a thing so
I'd like to know what I think many
people put ranging I have for Santa
Claus we
we do you like that boy he's laughing
yeah me yeah that's fun huh all right
this is your last cookie cookie yeah but
I think this one sweet potato or you
trying to shake my hand hang on
it's got like these little crystalline
this is so pretty and cute two mitten
high five yeah shake my hand
yeah see same thing huh all right you
can have it up he's so delicate with it
he doesn't like go crazy he's like I'm
just gonna you slowly look what all he's
got it's official he needs a bib hey
just totally soaked his other outfit oh
I'm sorry why do you always ask for
attention when I put out the camera
actually someone got him this it says
ollie on it like the perfect bit view
it's a little big but he also drools a
lot so might just protect your outfit
huh guess what we're doing boo boo boo
we're going to film my very first video
for my channel if you guys aren't up to
that then you need to go do that cuz I'm
gonna have some really cool content
coming out I'm hoping by next week
actually I'm going to start posting
videos so that should be really really
exciting as you can go to youtube.com
slash Bryan Lanning TV I'll have a link
in the description
we got Olly Oh where's up babe oh no you
forgot him you forgot the baby crop we
should go back now all he's hanging out
at the babysitters I'm really excited
about one of the videos I think it'll be
I think that this channel is actually
gonna be a guy channel that's also for
women to like that either want to show
their husband or just want to want
something interesting because they're
like some really cool stuff on yeah
totes go stop youtube.com/ sorry and
Lanning TV thank you alright you guys
want a preview of a video that's gonna
be going up on my channel pretty
check out this that's all I have to show
you those gnarly huh hey that's a good
cutest thing in the world dude he's
gonna copy he doing some boring adult
shopping at Home Depot and look what we
found a demo table yeah you can like
practice this offic look at this tree I
mean this is really well done I never do
that hmm
snowman I don't do it I remember um one
year my grandma took me to this one
actually oh and we did like wood things
this is it melted no honey
here's a little something to brighten
your day you guys even lights out man
hi cutie
look at how stinking cool this is you
guys okay so I'm running right now a
live feed from my camera that's over
there watching little Ollie rollover
practice rolling over with Missy and
it's because I got this awesome thing
it's called a Wi-Fi and I plugged it
into my DSLR and I could basically
control it from here and I can snap a
picture and it will take it back it's
like the craziest thing hey doing a
stinky monster this guy has not had a
proper nap all day he just refuses to
sleep he's had like little mini naps
like 10 minutes here there um but he
won't take a nap at the same time like
okay well if you don't sleep all day
maybe you'll sleep all night okay
um so so I'm kind of hoping for but I
think put in a bed like really early
today he just he looks tired he acts
tired you mean I know he's tired but he
just doesn't want to do it so I think
I'm gonna go do our like nightly routine
and then maybe he'll go to sleep and
then maybe he'll stay asleep last night
I put in a bed actually pretty early and
he stayed asleep for a while I don't
know if you guys saw it in the beginning
but we were doing an anchorman ad and
it's really funny and well fun Brian's
doing it right now it's just you guys
this mustache brought about a lot of
movies of Adrienne to you I stopped to
do my part but he looked so funny with
there's no job people super duper it's
like what the heck I Love You Man Oh
dumb brown cow how now brown cow
all right now all right this guy's part
Rios scotchy scotch scotch I think I'm
gonna curl my bangs really like big like
pink you know how they do like in the
old days yeah okay that'd be fine right
yeah totally
okay how long can I keep the mustache on
you keep it on for us thanks Brian
the invitation gets you a ticket to see
the huge Missy has a little bit more
trouble than I do
did you show him these big ol bangs you
did look at these bangs the
bings ended up coming in handy don't
look at my hair my hair is just kind of
mess and I still have um like color on
me but we got snow today
it usually what you do in California
when we wanted to feel like winter time
yeah all right let's start here wait my
picture maybe it gets us back when we
were really cold yeah we really work
holden it's really cool that the idaho
it was Christmastime
boom
look at that kinda looks weird is this
going all on our toothbrushes no this
looks really cool you should get the
can't Han gets all color know it's weird
yeah than this you're not even gonna see
in there I know I'm gonna be like oh so
wintery I wish I could do myself to tell
me what you think like it I think it's
pretty cool yeah I don't know about this
though is this thing almost about a man
gone boy it's so wintery in here now in
the house alright guys I hope you
enjoyed the vlog oh I am be quiet cuz
all he's sleeping if you enjoyed the
vlog be sure to give it a thumbs up
her channel cuz we put out videos every
single day and we will see you tomorrow
vis here something since a Mosin say
reminder that if you didn't understand
the whole odd thing that you leave a
comment with your favorite anchorman
quote and you can win tickets from
Fandango the show yeah follow the link
in the description you guys and you can
actually win us it's a super ticket so
it's like it's a pretty sweet deal cool
seeing we especially wanted to do that
ad just because I love anchorman so much
so as soon as I saw that I was like oh
yeah we're gonna have some fun with that
few guys tomorrow chocolate butter
hey sig why snowman are you bye buddy
hope you find your dad bye buddy
hope you play you're bad that's mr. um
oh man
but didn't aim good this you have ending
the vlog and you just want to keep
saying elf quote I know I'm sorry I've
been tweeting us outputs all day all
right bye
King them all - turning a few things and
Brian totally copied me I'm sorry and he
got his hair done it was getting really
long yeah I got it trimmed up a little
bit so that it wasn't so long now we
both got our hair done though we have
this conversation all the time I need
you guys to cleared up Brian thinks that
jaywalking is where you walk diagonal
and I
