he's ticklish now bad
because I think the bomb very nice of
you
this is our sign baby
boy gonna do amazing things
good morning guys guess what
it rained this morning so Californians
everywhere naturally are freaking out
some light in here cuz some large open
these big windows right it is not
morning time until the Christmas tree is
pumped on there's a present right all
right all right all right guy
what's this I ready ooh pretty good
morning karma okay yes we have those
like oh and look I've found some stringy
lighty garland to put on the new
entertainment center so did that and
then these ones need to be lit up three
two one ooh ah all those lights in here
- hey I can see you good morning
its morning time good morning its
morning time
Hey Dude hey yo he sits up so good in
this now come on take it so close Oh
take it so close so close you should
play more video games I'll get a better
hand eye coordination you know that
Missy if you game yeah never heard it
congratulations I'm here to deliver the
keys to your brand-new Lexus and then
he's all bored he's like what's a Lexus
does it have boobies okay
hey Allie ready did you dig it dig it
dig it dig it dig it dude did he dig in
anything did you see did Rebecca oh my
god
Oh what the heck is he ticklish now he's
ticklish now bear
oh my gosh that's crazy
so today was kind of a nerve-racking one
because if you don't know I put up a
cover on my channel and it was kind of
they're still having fun in there but I
put up a cover on my channel and it was
the first time I've ever like sang in
front of the camera or like put it
online or anything and I used to sing a
lot but I haven't seen in a long time
um and so it's nerve-racking I'm like oh
gosh people are gonna rip me apart
um but everyone in the comments is like
yeah it was really good I really liked
it it was awesome and so I'm just I'm
very happy and grateful for all you've
you very nice people oh it's already got
1000 likes that's crazy and if this
video gets three thousand likes I'm
gonna put up another video that Jeffrey
and I recorded we did a Justin Bieber
song and I I don't know which one I like
I think I like them both pretty equally
I think it's clear after watching this
over that I look really nervous um and
like anxious and I think that I can do I
think I can do better if I'm in a more
relaxed maybe like a studio setting I
could do some covers in a studio excited
I know of a studio where we can like
film in and record and stuff so that
would be that would be really cool too
I'm still one of those people who gets
nervous and like anxious and like I
don't know how people are gonna respond
to it but it was cool because it was
like a totally different side of me that
no one's ever seen in so I asked you
that so if you guys want if you haven't
seen my cover you can click the link in
the description and go check it out
this show used to be one of my favorites
me and my family used to watch it it's
Betty tails if you know what it is it's
pretty awesome especially if you're a
Christian it's just like really good
stories about God and stuff like that
but I love this song and all I think
it's kind of cool that's a color and
good music that's good music huh hey you
know those those vegetables so a sneaky
little subscriber you know who you are
sneak to presents to our P o box and
they got karma something huh you want to
so I figured I'd show you guys Karma
opening it open it get Rob Robert get
going done run rabbit come on don't be
gentle with it what rip it open
come on you almost got it he's always
got it he's like I'm taking my tarp
there you go happy early Christmas what
is it what is it karma show us show us
karma what is it what is it what is it
what is it come on bro ah it's a bone
look at that I'll help you with this
side K the Namie pork skin bone yummy so
thank you we don't publicly put our P o
box out there just because things can
kind of get a little crazy but the
subscriber totally sneak this in and we
appreciate it thank you but karma would
not - huh what shut up oh it has a seal
it's like a newspaper yeah cool okay
guys don't know how cuz he's like one of
my best friends and section is a channel
where she's logging and she just got
engaged
and I wonder what this is I'm like
really excited I feel like I'm gonna cry
Hey look at it sealed with like wax and
everything it is it's an S for her last
name dang look how fancy you probably
have a video on her channel about how
she did it huh yeah Missy we have so
many memories together
going on crazy random adventures how
could I go on the next crazy adventure
on getting married without you by my
side huh will you be my bridesmaid love
Kelsie oh crap is so cute open if you
answer is yes there's a legal binding
contract the state of California where
we going we're going to UM organ
actually baller yeah that's in October
we get it I get a meter wordy
oh I just love Kelsey so much she's my
best friend and I have well actually
it's funny cuz Kelsey and Corbin are
both my best friends like they've been
my best friend since high school and I
always wanted them to get married and
they're gonna do it yeah cute so I
actually just instagrammed a picture of
this because it's just like is so cute
and she has a channel like I said if you
want to know how she made these she's
actually doing a video about it and
she's gonna talk about because it was
really really cutely done really well
made and just so special it was like
special you know my days the Holland
reads wait to go to the wedding it's
October doesn't like ten months yeah I
know and we're actually going always
gonna be like a year and a half maybe
yeah I can I went a little like classy
tux would like suspenders and stuff Oh
that'd be awesome
yeah oh he's so cute we actually
wherever we're going in a month we're
going with them we're gonna hang out
with them it's all muggy and boggy and
great
it's 58 degrees outside
what that was my little impromptu what
the hell is wrong with this weather song
where's my blue sky yo can you guys
believe we're like six days until
Christmas
I'm not crazy and I'm just like it's
just really cool cuz last Christmas like
we were pregnant with Oliver all this
Christmas we get to spend it with him
and spoil him yeah I can't believe
Christmas is in six days baby's first
Christmas we're at he's that this is
actually like we get to do this with him
like that's so it's like one of those
things when you know we went
trick-or-treating with him and I was
like I can't believe we actually get to
like go trick-or-treating with our son
like that's something we get to do now
as parents really really cool feeling
I'm cleaning the kitchen right now and I
tried to do something a little bit
different because all I wanted to carry
him um so I've got my air come on but I
got it on backwards and look at this
cuteness I mean look at that
he literally fell asleep as soon as they
put him on him on me and now he's just
riding on my back so adorable like I
just can't talk there now time look here
I'm in the UM in the oven hey just look
so cute so yeah I actually really enjoy
wearing him on my back this is the first
time I try just cuz I was like when
would I wear my back like I feel like
since I can't see him
it would ya I'd feel like oh my gosh
what if something's wrong and I can't
see him you know you haven't asked me
what I want for Christmas
okay I'm sorry zombie what do you want
for Christmas I want brings well of
course you do but I'm not getting you
that you're such a Grinch
it's actually much more comfortable
because I can like do the dishes you
know cuz he's not like right in front of
me um and he's comfortable he's just
like laying and getting back and at
first I was like oh my gosh if I like
lean back it's like I'm afraid he's
gonna fall back but I think it takes a
little bit getting used to but it's
really comfortable doesn't hurt my back
at all and he obviously loves it and
he's extremely comfortable cuz he is
fast asleep I'm not even kidding you
guys I just stepped out on my car to
find that I'm
still wearing long sense that's just
great and it's raining raindrops keep
fallin all muffin raindrops keep falling
it'll soon sum this up
how's that song go kiss yep any other
comments if you know what it's cool cuz
we have this like skylight thing so when
it rains we can learn understand under
hairless in the rain so I just did my
video for my citrus lane box and I'm so
excited because he got like a ton of
really really cool stuff but look at
this one it's like a snuggly bunny and
he like loves it he's like seriously
wants to play with it huh yeah he's
joined him hey mom yeah it's like super
cool so um that video will actually be
up on Monday so you guys have to watch
it and if you want to sign up for the
box you can still do it it's like a $10
off if you use the link in our
description um and it's actually really
cool stuff I have loved each box and I
think Ali's gonna love them too because
there's like two items in here that he
already is like so happy with got this
really cool thing it's called a baby
Prince ornament and basically it's like
an impression of his hand so what we're
gonna do is were gonna lay out this
impression stuff and then see if we can
get all these hand in there and then
make a cool little ornament out of it
and they even gave us like string and
stuff to do it with so she'll be
interesting right Middleton Amish is
figure Sam Oh check it out you guys is
baby always hand prints thank you you're
not next to ours here anyway
uh-huh we had some excess so Missy's
gonna try and make an ornament for karma
which it is I just okay look at that so
good it's actually quite dark and
pouring out we look
guy decided to in front of your store
because after going to a Kia
I feel like buying a couch is like
buying a car like I'm happy there's like
so many different options so many
different types and so we did and then
and then like you're like oh I like that
calendar I like that couch and then you
figure out the price and it's just like
Oh living spaces that is a very fluffy
couch that looks it reminds me of the
big comfy couch you guys it's huge
you're like really thinking wow wow
that's crazy
is that what oh we need him I need to be
drinking my my wine hmm yes yes this is
a very nice couch
oh you should be nestling like oh I'm
getting nothing no nothing I want you to
draw me Jack one of your French women
jeez this is loosely yeah so a little
buddies I'm really loving the furniture
here it's actually pretty well priced um
and really punchy for Giants this is a
chair it looks like a little person it's
cool making me dizzy
Vaness this reminds me of Harry Potter
when they're running through the maze
and he's like ah what are you doing down
there mister
get up here oh I'm there oh come here
give me okay he totally got down there
hey Oliver are you doing what you doing
ah gang on hi hi oh my god nice one
there dude
Wow replay there right
so gross oh but it does get me out oh
alright guys so Ollie fell asleep so I
have to whisper um but I just wanted to
say good night and thank you for
watching the vlog please give it a
thumbs up and as always we will see
tomorrow oh and I didn't want to say
thank you thank you guys so much for the
support on um I posted two covers on my
channel yesterday if you haven't seen
them I'll put the links in the
description below so you can watch them
but just the comments and the likes on
those are outrageous I was never
expecting anything like that so thank
you guys so much for that and be sure to
go check out my C's casual Friday video
because she put up one today too so
thank you we will see you tomorrow
karma what are you doing are you gonna
use a toilet really silly puppy thank
you daddy
this guy just saw us walking with Oliver
he's like oh is he out with his little
business butter and sister you could
totally be know what well I don't know
no 24 years apart more offensive
addition you say that me you are related
oh I didn't think about that yeah that's
that's not cool so this is the TV
