awliyas over here farting it up aren't
you
did you hear that can you hear that baby
oli like raspberries oh you have to get
real cured in a second huh and frisbees
huh
that's you wanted this is all Sunday
boy there's a new amazing things
good morning the lollipop hey dude
mommy's got you in a bit this morning
and I see why it's completely covered
and fat all yeah dad you've been this
morning I was literally like fighting
off the urge to pinch his cheeks and I
was like you know what no I'm just gonna
go for a pigeon cheek but it takes a
bigot kids mommy wants me to change you
let's change your dirty guard for
t-shirt is that you know it's
uncomfortable for some reason all right
so I told you guys a few days ago how
I'm so obsessed with mystery Manor um I
really am sick and tired of running out
of energy okay like I'm really sick and
tired of it right now I supposed to have
a hundred and eighty like energy things
but I used them all it took me like
three minutes to use all my energy done
playing I guess for the day because it
takes like 24 hours to fill up your
energy again that right there is white
girl problem I'll make sure there's no
cotton showing okay I have to tell you
this freaking hilarious story so I was
sitting on the bed with Olly this
morning and karma and Olly was kind of
like laying um like here so always like
laying right here and Karma's head was
here and his butt was right here so his
butt and karma and Olly be right here
and Olly reached over and grabbed
Karma's tail and like pulled it to him
which karma like whipped around it was
like what the heck was that you know and
he realized that it was only that like
grabbed at him and so karma was like
instantly like confused and he's just
like cover like very gently just like
grabbed his tail with his teeth and just
like pulled it away from Olly and was
just like no I clicked Olly on the on
his hand and was like no don't touch my
tail he was just so gentle and really
like nice about it by the same time like
please don't touch me it was really cute
we got clean
huh you were high green baby boy you a
green baby boy pick a new outfit for the
baby we finally got the diapers to not
be all nasty smelly and then the first
one we put on leaks so bummer
mm-hmm absorbing anymore cuz the know
I'd had no fabric softener my babe no we
haven't had a leak in like a good month
and I keep telling Missy
I said don't feel bad if you want to
switch because I will not feel bad cuz
to be honest I don't even take out
inserts anymore it's just gonna get
worse like it's only gonna get worse
when I have to pull out poopie inserts I
keep telling her I was like just do what
you want don't feel like you have to do
anything just keep dealing with problems
and it's not fun washing machine because
it doesn't put enough water so we need
to get what you detergent new diapers
new washing machine new water like I
don't care as long as I have to get PA I
wish my Christmas tree would turn on
automatically in the mornings I had to
do it every morning it doesn't there we
go tada
speaking of your karma chameleon can you
sit he lay down yeah gives you her good
goal boy he's so funny cuz he's like
he'll just like peak walking around the
room and as soon as I press record he's
like wow oh my god oh yeah okay sit down
dork you were just so nice today to all
you remember that he touched you huh he
touched the but the Jews wink he loved
your big brother huh he's so furry karma
thinks of all he is is bald little puppy
it's a bald little puppy huh a little
cured carousels so empty it needs to be
filled suit we got I've been drinking a
lot of that cafe mocha but honestly it
hasn't been doing anything for me
because I think it's mostly hot
chocolate I'm gonna try something else
I'm gonna try this
and my sister sent me a ton of different
one so I think I'm just going to fill
them up on ttis 2 or so curing cell kira
kira kira kira kira kira sale hot cough
and I'm an Amin Amin Amin Amin my time
and way that wakes me up a little cuz I
need it this morning
come on would you do it I heard you were
playing around with a lollipop this
morning I got you - what are you gonna
do what are you gonna do what you gonna
do what are you gonna do boy he's like
get my back
so yesterday I got a ton done I like did
tons of laundry and his diapers didn't
we he's smiling
but I didn't fold us now today I'm gonna
fold it all and stuff these diapers
which stuffing the diapers it really
isn't that big a deal
um but you know it's just time consuming
Oliver you're getting way too big you
can't wait to vageena deficit that the
broken yolk cafe has an Ironman
challenge oh really
mmm did you guys watch his um challenge
video he had to try and eat a huge
burrito three pounds three pound bar
it's really dated someone said Bertie
Botts um being challenged I was like let
me perfect I'm obsessed with Harry
Potter and I love pretty Botts every
flavor beans oh those are obeying the
million every flavor best peppermint and
tripe George swore he got a bogey
flavored one once oh my god Ryan you're
said the door I could keep going but you
may not love me anymore I don't know how
how good was that
English accent all UK people can tell us
and I'm hoping for this same old it yeah
about 20 years it will be folded figure
it out admit it
oh hey it's the worst thing ever you
guys when your coffee goes cold before
you can finish it it's just like cold
coffee yeah unless it's iced and that
funny how warm coffee is gross
hot coffee is good and iced coffee is
good it's really weird
what you can't open this one car man Oh
cuz you don't have thumbs you guys want
to know something funny I just
check the weather on my phone and it is
83 degrees today
it's December it's the middle of
December winter is already over that's
quick I actually have my errand in my
car just a little bit but it's on is
that nuts that I live in a place where
you can run the air-conditioning in the
middle December it's crazy
O'Brien went out today to grab a couple
things I was supposed to roll peanut
rolls so that I could we could dip later
today but I just wanted to snuggle and
so did I so beautiful now I'll show them
you're tired Facebook dude my tired
please so I need to roll peanut rolls
it's funny cuz I roll I had like a ton
of peanut rolls rolled and in the fridge
and they were super delicious and the
other night my dad accidentally spilled
them all over the floor so we had to
throw them away I still have tons Peter
so I just need to roll them all oh yeah
actually today my video is out so if you
want to know how to make it you should
go watch the video you think why are you
talking what are you talking about yeah
go watch my video you guys can find out
how to make them they're super easy
really delicious fun and they're perfect
for Christmas I was just getting gas and
whenever I get gas I clean out the car
because it was a total mess
um but look at this huge pile of clothes
all of these are all of us clothes and
spin up rags
we need a laundry basket for our car I
don't need essentially that's quite
funny I've noticed too that now that we
have Oliver the car just becomes so much
more messier so much more faster it's
more faster that's not correct Brian I
mean so what happens when you have kids
can I get an amen anyone actually if you
guys have tips anyone out there with
cars and kids if you have any tips on
how to keep a clean car when you have a
kid I would greatly appreciate them in
the comment to see is rolling
peanut butter balls company she's
already gone already you guys me rollin
they hey
that's buddy you guys are watching this
there's a video on Missy's channel where
she shows you how to make these oh you
talked about it yeah well I'll just shut
up that missus uh rollin away it's smell
so peanut butter in here you guys every
time she rolls them it just fills the
entire house and I got food because
someone is dying of hunger
I got Missy House chicken and I got
firecracker chicken this is from pick-up
sticks they have like really good
lunches this is so picky she actually
only hits egg and you're right that's so
weird that you only like the egg choose
your destiny I knew you were gonna take
that one Curtis your kind of fortune
we're gonna have mine says an admirer is
too shy to greet you huh the new
relationship is about to blossom
what the hell we woke out relationship
once Meyer is too shy to great-niece so
if you're out there and you're you're
too shy to say hello maybe it's
perspective maybe someone watching this
is too shy to leave a comment if you
never left a comment before leave a
comment today and then we can prove this
fortune cookie wrong Ollie is over here
farting it up aren't you
did you hear that can you hear that
oh you get all your freaked out huh
feels good to let it out huh that's a
boy Ryan's been begging me forever to
rearrange the room because he really
wants to get some new furniture
maybe next year um next year that's like
in a couple days but just cuz I don't
know he's been pick up oh my god don't
show Holly though it's an elephant I
lost what is stalking yeah so yeah we
are going to start with her just
rearranging the room and getting an idea
of what he wants to do he wants to make
like a living area section and a bedroom
section we could have that but it's I
want it more like
I'm gonna try and make it so we can
still see the TV from the bed but
there's one more separated and I just
like to mix it up I'm kind of making it
more oh yeah and also we just like to
change things around or what nice to
change things up around we'll see I have
spit up all over my leg
that's why I'm walking weird and I spit
up on my hands so that's gross all right
so we already started moving stuff and
look at Holly still just laying on here
chewing on his little crab as happy as
can be I slid him over a little he
totally didn't care there's an important
adult tip when you're moving furniture
clean as you go cuz then when your
furniture is everywhere you want it to
be it'll all be clean Hey look at you
ollie
with Santa in the frame nice you want to
help you want to help me move the couch
I need a strong guy to help me I mean
look at these baby guns you can help me
right
all right switcheroo update you guys
we're getting there we have the bed
moved
we got the desk moved now we're gonna
move the couch over here TV right there
everything's gonna be different huh is
the picture is everything all the wall
stuff well maybe we can keep it up at me
you want the friends poster above our
bed all right yeah we can mix it up a
little you mean to update those for a
long time because we not only have new
pictures but we have like three
different photo sessions that we want to
put on our wall with like new frames and
stuff hey little buddy you being a good
boy while we mommy and daddy go crazy on
the room huh the king of the bed ha hey
guys welcome to our new room come on
camera come look at our new room oh well
show you too we completely do this now
the bed is over here at the desk you see
here's now the bed is here couch ace
beyond this wall but there's now nothing
really over here
TV but now the desk is here with the
fridge over here you see our bed but now
we have a couch coffee table and our TV
this is kind of like now like the living
room this is the bedroom over here looks
cool oh we put the Christmas tree right
there in the corner with all our
presents
do-do-do-do-do what do you guys think
new room oh my gosh you guys we had the
best dinner night it is raviolis and
meatballs
mMmmm so I've been looking at this sofa
that we've been wanting to get for a
while and it's a corner sofa that has a
chaise I actually noticed that our this
wall kind of sucks because it's straight
right there slanted right there and then
of course that's straight too I got
excited when I saw the sofa because it
actually has a slant just like that then
it has a nice chase because Missy wants
a chaise um but I didn't know if it
would fit and we'd have to go all the
way to San Diego to see if they have a
unit and measure it and stuff like that
so I just tweeted out and I just want to
shout out Brooke Reinhardt thank you so
much for your help she just bought one
two weeks ago and she she actually
measured it for me and sent me the
measurements and I was just like I was
like one of those moments where I was
like I love the Internet it looks like
the couch would fit perfectly right
there and so that would be really really
nice we could have a nice little setup
what if I show you guys look at new star
the other one fell down and then it
broke I don't know if that's bad luck or
not um but Missy found this cool new
star do you guys see these pajamas that
ollie pops away hey hey he's like see
you filming me I love these pajamas cuz
they're like little shorts but it's like
a onesie you look what are you doing hey
oh let's not do that
oh it just like looks like he's a baby
like right out of the foot look at him
he's so dramatic mommy's making a bath
for you it's that pose why do we have
her men's pajamas if we're giving him a
bath
Hanabi grab those because you just love
them so much
no I just wanted to be comfortable yeah
do we have to take the pajamas off
before we put them in can just go Wow
all right guys I hope you enjoyed
today's vlog we are going to get ready
for bed and hit the hay do you think
people actually slept on hay at one
point anyway we're gonna go to bed I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog be sure
you check out my C's peanut butter ball
video on her channel I'll have that
linked below
yeah I'm just gonna chill on our couch
in our new little setup here I really
love our setup I can't wait till things
start coming together I think we're
actually where it might make a trip to
Ikea in the morning just to go sit on
everything because it's nice seeing them
online and if you guys have experience
with IKEA titta for couches I think
that's the ones we're looking at then
let it let us know in the comments how
you like them because people are saying
that they're like the most comfortable
ones and how was it putting it together
cuz that looks fun too anyway I hope you
guys do the vlog be sure to give it a
thumbs up please and we will see you
tomorrow bar fighting become a gamer
well this isn't really this is like
casual gaming oh it's not like looking
and playing with his toys
he keeps grabbing at it examine pretty
yeah
I'm so good at this fun huh I'm so glad
I got him that he seems to really enjoy
play like hitting it
