we just a teeny bit higher and then we
Sunday
boy there's a new amazing things good
morning guys this is the greatest part
of the day when I get to greet the
Christmas tree and plug it in okay boom
now it's pretty good morning karma you
playing with a Gatorade bottle nope nope
that's gonna get old real fast
good morning what are you doing down
here
did someone leave you here your shirts
all drooled up already buddy is he just
changing that outfit and he's already
actual all over it
baby problems right hashtag baby life
what a we really want to get an Amber T
well we have an amber teething axe that
he's been wearing but we're want to find
one that's got a magnetic clasp but I
think we're gonna try and find one for
him so you can stop all the drooling
because it gets it worse you think new a
like you really get E like kool-aid
morning guys so yesterday we went to UM
the buy my baby and we thought Bubba
baby that's not like a robot and we kind
of a little crazy because of course it's
all these first Christmas if you're free
cooking time and so we're kind of like
super excited but at the same time we
had to buy some things that we've really
been putting off buying and so we bought
this really cool diaper caddy I actually
sold for it yeah Brian is sick of
changing him on me I just don't want to
get up and walk into the cold bathroom I
want to just grab the diaper caddy grab
him and look this is so comfortable for
him yeah yeah so we've got a bunch of
the cool stuff extra show you we bought
some things I'll probably make a video
about but I'll show you a couple things
that we got let's see okay so I got this
swaddle blanket cuz I'm not very good at
swaddling and sometimes Brian's sleeping
and so it's like it looks like this you
can like swaddle and then I can soon
swaddle him with his arms out which will
be nice I want to get him something to
kind of entertain him while he's in the
car so I got on this and it sings songs
it has a mirror and it lights up so I
really like this since we have this car
seat this handle is actually allowed to
stay up while he's in the car so it's
really nice because I can just let him
play with toys and you can grab onto
them and fight them take aim of this
nifty little yes and then it just goes
right in there this thing even comes
with a drawer put stuff in it where you
want to put Nick if we needed to put
like creams and stuff on him do not eat
it don't eat it it'll dry you out
I talked my tongue oh my god this little
guy would much rather be naked Eve for
the duration of the day so I'm gonna let
him he's a baby he can do what he wants
alright Olli it's lunchtime what do you
want you want to drive there you go
I'll leave that there for you to play
with Jimmy grab he was squeezing it
earlier it's the cutest thing
we are making little sourdough si mi
cheese look at the little sourdough see
images oh you guys and these chips purse
oh god these are the ruffles ultimate
kickin jalapeno kickin jalapa know
they're really good news he made a
little sandwich - you're copying me baby
mmm
look at this dude all bundled up he's
got two blankets he's got blanket up
here he's got a little cool light look
at these cool lights and I'll give you
shell on these this morning I saw a few
the lights are on this side yeah the
mirror is on this side I think it's cuz
they want him to grab it and turn it
around
ooh shocked we got electricity between
us you guys okay now press it and now
you got some cool like to stare at not
impressed
damn it daddy I'm off to pick up my
sister from school my mom is actually in
LA hanging out with her sister so I got
to pick up my sister from school and so
we're on our little adventure with Ollie
I thought you'd do better in the car
at home since he's probably tired so who
might just take a nap
is it just me or does it look like all
these closet thing just puked a ton of
clothes on the floor these are all his
old clothes that were going through and
he doesn't fit in anymore and it's super
sad and we don't want to accept it but
whatever and actually we went to
Carter's was having like a huge sale
that ended yesterday so we went to
Carter's and got tons of awesome clothes
oh we got this one for Christmas Santa
leave nosy anonymous it was cool like we
spent way too much money there but they
were having a sale and it's like all of
this I think we got clothes for OtterBox
I know like if we go to Old Navy to
spend a hundred bucks you can do that on
like four things but at Carter's we can
get like 20 outfits so that was pretty
cool literally as soon as I put my
camera down this is what happened Ollie
totally asleep back out so he'll get a
nice little nap for the next hour while
I drop off all Cassie's friends
oh here he is hello welcome to the car
and here so I think Missy's gonna do
either like a lookbook or a whole I
don't know what would you guys like to
see more would you like to see a
lookbook or haul with the Carters -
because Hall is a little easier to film
I think the lookbooks cooler video I
don't know actually they're probably the
same but if you watch me cease channel
let us know which one you'd like to see
she wants to do that but now it's all
bare need to fill this thing with
clothes cons of being a youtuber you got
to film your stuff before you put away
and actually use it but I know she'd
kick herself she's been all that money I
caught Carter's and then didn't get to
make a cool video that's actually like
her incentive for a lot of things she's
like I really want these and then I'm
like do you need them though and she's
like I can make a cool video about them
on my youtube and then I'm like I always
fall for it I'm like fine okay huh
finally got done with
all my taxi driving I'm serious what mom
does this every day no only on Mondays
Oh on Mondays yeah okay so I guess my
mom only has to do it after thirds and
her friends not like should we always
pick up her friends than her friends
moms always pick her up for scrums
to school and so yeah it works out but
it's still a lot of work when it happens
and I'm done with my taxi driving I'm
going home and all he's still sleeping
he had a nice little nap just like I
said he was going to so that's good well
look how cute you are in this thing yeah
from your nap so I found cool new thing
you can do with this thing I don't know
how safe it is so stand next to your kid
if you do it but it's up there I waited
just a teeny bit higher and then we not
fun dude
he was smiling it's pretty funny he
really enjoyed that it's fine ah he's
got fun
yay games boy hey here he comes soon
don't yell he was smiling so we're out
finally we got things to do um just go
things to do
oh yeah you just dropped this I pretty
sure this thing is supposed to be like
up higher
you can't reach it so I like putting it
down here then he pulls on it and then
it falls I also got batteries for his
mirror because I actually has music and
lights also oh but it's got a remote
control right here so I can press like
lights on or music well he's back there
yeah so yeah it's really cool but we
have it it has like two different types
of batteries yeah we're doing all kind
of stuff we're super excited like so
excited because we just booked our
flight to our next vacation we're taking
a little vacation in January right now
is that Virna called a vacation or trip
I guess be like a trip is it it I think
it's I think it's more of a trip yeah
yeah I think it's more of a trip I don't
know what exactly the difference is you
do gonna be I guess the vacations more
like relaxing we are really excited to
just booked our plane tickets we're
going on a plane and we're gonna on
vacation on and we're gonna get on I was
late I know that's like the first time
we've ever like booked a plane ticket to
go on like a vacation type thing have we
ever been on a plane together I don't
think so
we've never been on a plane together Oh
God so we experienced a first for me and
you not only Ali's yeah like all these
first time on a plane - yeah that's
crazy and you never not playing good
whenever we go on claim you have to take
this go alone yeah we're taking only
which I'm really really nervous about
putting him on a plane but it'll be a
quick flight so it won't be a big deal
actually you guys can try and guess in
the comments where you think we're going
where do you think we're going and it's
gonna be like right around my birthday
it's next month and I just realized too
that it's going to be the second we're
gonna start our second year on vacation
Oliver's really yeah we are you okay
Ollie's check it out you guys we smart
it up and got a cool little cargo thing
so now when we're strolling we can
actually put our dreams and our phone
and our cheese and stuff why did it take
us three months to do that
so way more convenient yeah we used to
put everything like right here and then
I'd fold up the stroller and Missy's
phone would crash to the ground
that he's like yeah it was just expected
so Missy's been begging me to play
supermario and I keep telling her you
can't play that on a Playstation 3
or any PlayStation I don't know if I'm
getting a Playstation
turn right yeah so I told her I was like
you can do it on a Nintendo she's like
well I don't want to buy a Wii and I was
like we can buy yes she's like what's a
d/s and so we're gonna come look at the
ds's and see if she would actually play
something like that okay so is this it
no I haven't even seen in a long time
they like got bigger and they're like
dual screen but Missy's like I'm just so
sick of playing on my iPad they make me
wait for lives and energy and stuff and
it's stupid and I'm like well you need
to play real games so let's see if we
can find it hopefully this doesn't turn
into a Alli trippy moment you know and
then I never see you again cuz all you
do is play your DS is not a DF this is a
Wii U wait this is a wii u yes oh we can
you well yeah yes no okay so this is
like your real world it's like that's
where all the action happening no that's
where you're like that green thing and
then this shows like your map and your
stats and this is the touch screen so if
you need to like get your items really
fast yeah all you have to do is click
item z' and then you can assign
something and then you can close it just
like that
interest what do you think hello
I don't think Missy's ever played Zelda
before I like the joystick it's actually
kind of yeah and the games are cool too
and I like I said they have all the cool
Mario games you can't play on a
Playstation I don't know is that a good
night kill him
get up okay I can't do it there you go
ah no you're screaming I don't know do
you think you could play one of these
yeah I can definitely get lost but
really I just like Super Mario I don't
like some I said what do you think you
guys played es what's the what's the DS
to get if you play it this is the 3ds so
it's got the big screen and it's the new
version I don't know if I should I don't
know if I can become a gamer well this
isn't really this is like casual gaming
oh it's not like looking and playing
with his toys
he keeps grabbing at it you got I'm
pretty yeah you're so good at this fun
huh
I'm so glad I got him that he seems to
really and good play like hitting it
he's like oh that annoying song again
so I bought some brand-new laundry
detergent oh I just heard something oh
great I heard always like killing and
I'm Brian yelling but maybe I think it
was nothing I brought some brand-new
laundry detergent for my cloth diapers
I've always just used like it goes free
and clear
I'd like Tide free and clear also the
one thing I hate is that none of these
have smells and so my diaper is always
like yeah they're clean but they just
smell like thick you know supposed to be
perfectly fine lines it doesn't have any
like softener in it so I'm gonna use it
I'm really excited because I think it's
gonna make my diaper smell good what
most people use and they love it because
their diapers come out smelling good we
are going to attempt tide the same way
you guys any let's foamy spit get all
over his mouth
it's really quite hilarious you're quite
funny you know that
there you go looking look you got the
giraffe you got it yeah we're those
parents we're wrapping his presence
right in front of him only that one no
it was too big doing hide and wrap in
the closet I'm telling Missy I ain't
gonna want to put this thing together on
Christmas I need to put it together now
and then put a bow on it yeah they know
I showed him net movin the Christmas
illusion fine I guess I have to cut that
let's get out of here let's just push
this thing down cuz like put it down the
stairs come on
ready what that was a big laugh out loud
laughs is that really coming from him
I'm in love service beds ready Ali I'm
gonna I'm gonna and he's done and I'm
down bathtub that time for baby all I
just means he gets to chew on his back
yeah for good 15 minutes I'm just gonna
chew on that nom nom nom
oh you made me eat
I'm just getting the diapers out of the
dryer and I gotta say they smell really
good you don't smell like nasty dirty
diapers they actually smell like keen oh
these are nice and fresh and they smell
good honey my baby Pete is hooked on
this but mmm nom nom still going to town
on there static ah all right guys that's
it for today's vlog I hope you enjoyed
it be sure to give it a thumbs up and if
you want to see more of us Missy put up
a video yesterday she did a holly jolly
tag ask questions all about Christmas
and she talked about um one of the
really emotional Christmas that she had
when she was little and I put out a
video today where I do the super monster
burrito challenge so you guys should
definitely check out that also and all
the links are in the description but
thank you guys so much for watching and
we will see you tomorrow
that was me taking my bell okay bye
people in urge people say that Cape
Ariel said Zooey Deschanel right so he
and he's looking at me that's true until
my mom Mary with her blue eyes and her
dark hair and her big boobies and he's
like that's my mom
my mom is dancing and singing with a
monkey right yeah like yeah my mom's
always like I always put that on cuz I
think you think
