getting one and Ollie pop can we can we
don't wanna morning money we can eat
lots of food you're depressed okay okay
I think some of those okay this is our
son baby
boy do amazing things drinking some
coffee this morning
Missy's getting ready for her pumpkin
bread we are having Thanksgiving here
that means we have to make everything
everything
Missy's cheating she's using the pumpkin
and a can I'm cheating you know I'm
making all kinds of stuff you know what
honestly I don't think that's cheating
because I think that making it out of
real pumpkins like you usually do is
mental this is way too much work when
they do it all for you and put it in a
can
Libby knows what she's doing this Libby
knows what she's doing okay
great success you guys I got in the car
and it doesn't smell like rotten food
yay it's Thanksgiving and of course we
don't have everything we need tally
would be mental I am run to the store
for my CD I grab a couple things I
always feel so bad going to the store on
Thanksgiving because it's just showing
the store that they need to be open on
Thanksgiving for us stupid people and
forget things even then we could
probably live without it you know and so
they still have to have their employees
come in on Thanksgiving it sucks when
you have to work on like a big holiday
and all your family's at home and stuff
but we need stuff honestly you guys
happy wife happy life
I'm all right can I get an amen all
right all right I got my pumpkin mixture
done and now I got to put it in the
loafs and cook it um I think I'm a
little bit behind schedule but I think
we'll be okay cause he's actually making
friendship bread in the butt she's been
working on this friendship bread
the reason is friendship bread as you
put like different bags um to give the
people away she's making veggie bread
but that's just kind of for her making
pumpkin bread I've also got apple pie
am i answering or pumpkin pie and
cheesecake so it were pretty much good
to go we're how to pull on feast today
there is people waiting for Black Friday
did you see that people are sitting out
there waiting for black rice you should
not be out there waiting to buy
Christmas presents you should be at home
with your family cooking Thanksgiving
dinner hey oh hey zombie I just wanted
to say ah Happy Thanksgiving
oh well thanks happy Thanksgiving to you
too is there anything you're thankful
for this year dad thankful for brains
brains honey brains nope
they uh they don't sell those at our
sins it's like pumpkin bread is done and
it smells delicious in here it smells
okay sounds like nice bread
I'm just kidding it looks really good
Cassie's making nasty friendship bread
where is it he's gonna be delicious
okay that's got like four year old milk
in it from someone else's bread forever
ago and you're gonna make us eat it yeah
it's delicious
it's gonna be really good excuse me
there's a chicken neck in my sink can
someone get that right there's literally
literally a turkey neck in my fig you
guys it's so gross what do I do that no
gamma gamma gamma gamma color just to
boil it mom to the rescue apparently all
he does not like the Jessica Simpson
Christmas album ha hey buddy
hi good morning you have a nice nap
there we go
bright-eyed and bushy-tailed huh where's
your bushy tail where's your bushy tail
where's your bushy tail did we get that
cut wait after you're born take off his
bushy tail when he was born bed they
kept his bright eyes but they cut off
his bushy tail Holly's watching Missy
and Cassie snap green beans hey what are
they doing yeah hold on over him oh he's
like ah green beans mommy
he smiled you are
DeMayo we're making green beans tonight
you guys like real green beans and then
show them what we're gonna put on top oh
yeah slivered almonds I'm following
Byron Talbots recipe he is putting the
recipe about green beans and it looks
pretty you basically cook the crap out
of slivered almonds in butter and then
put them on top of green beans looks
amazing yeah yeah it'll see but if
instead of Turkey we ate Ollie pop would
that be good what that nigga you wanted
to eat you would eat you up yeah no all
right jump jump jump
go on jump let's see you jump come on
let's see you jump you were just doing
it they're dancing around the Christmas
tree have a happy holiday ha
dumpy-dumpy jumpy oh my gosh I love that
he loves this thing huh babe he does
like to spin around and get it like
stuck a little Jericho
jump jump jump for us jump for us hey
babies jumping he basically just jumps
around in circles the whole time it's
cleared hey Oliver I'm over here dude
job job you have up there you have up
there huh I'm changing all these diaper
right now and some of you have noticed
this little amber teething necklace
around his neck which is totally safe
it's like pretty loose and we keep a
close eye on it but when he's sleeping
and when we kind of don't want it on his
neck we can even wrap it around his leg
and I guess what it is is like the oils
in the amber soak into his skin and they
helped a lot with teething and drooling
I don't know if it's necessarily worked
but he literally used to drool like a
ton and now he just drooled a little bit
hardly at all actually huh well he's
like dad change my diaper done flobbit
drink wine oh I did do you Oh
who's in there he said I can
if I gotta laugh me wanna kill thank you
alright Thanksgiving is in full swing
we've got almost everything done my
dad's actually carving up the turkey
right now that thing is beautiful looks
good huh delish let's see we've got
boring stuffing for my family
porn crazy we've got sweet potatoes
which seem to be mostly ourselves but
it's not they're sweet potatoes in there
yeah regular as others yeah okay they're
yams but they're got marshmallow and
brown sugar and all kind of some of that
then we got regular stuffing for
everyone else who likes like onions and
stuff like that I think then I made this
special little concoction roasted
almonds on top of sautéed green beans
that's Byron Talbott recipe hopefully I
know I tried one they're amazing yeah
so then the almond flavors like get in
it's so good all right haters of course
you can thank you ham and potatoes for
the ham in here oh yeah we got hands
we're gonna call dr. King ham oh yeah
yeah turkey hand stuffing mashed
potatoes gravy sweet potatoes green
beans corn we got so much food
assignment oh yeah and the mold
yeah on the mom I got family over it's
really loud and crazy and this is our
living room right now so yeah hey big
pretty much a lot going on today Oliver
just woke up and so now he's being
tormented ribon ribon ribon
looking for a bit of living room that's
what we do when the kid wakes up huh hey
he's not a drum dude what if I did that
to you you like that dude if you keep it
back okay
I heart turkey day cool you want to get
on your horse get on let's see it go on
hop on no you don't want to now all
right Missy's gonna get on the horse 10k
there we go rocking on the horse see how
cool that is
so much fun you want to try yeah now she
wants to do it you do it come on baby
that's all toys work you only want it
another kid has it go Bailey go Bailey
rocking on the horse rocking on the
horse
serene Thanksgiving dinner you know
you're buying your was dirty I'm pretty
much done my almond seems to be ahead
did you like my own
creme de almería they're almost all
gone babe yes who else like my green
beans very good got three tables safe
here right dream okay I did try them
they taste kind of like almonds um yeah
we're I'm pretty much finished up my
meal and everyone so does everyone else
pretty much delicious the turkey was
perfect
the way that you enjoying turkey dinner
is it yummy yeah good
yum yum there's no more right just
cleaning done for the table I think so
Oh chief it like really yummy family oh
I love the game he has right now or if
you got it here it's a real background
behind
hey guy you getting like the cuddles
from everyone
hey CJ what are you doing what are you
supposed to be what are you are you a
dog
oh good puppy good puppy
you put me to Karma's been hanging out
outside while we all eat dinner huh hey
Karma we love you too okay I brought you
a little treat okay you sit good boy
chugalug be happy thanksgiving karma
look at this you guys
we got a homemade cheese cake with
cherry filling on it I don't even know
how I'm gonna eat this but I'm gonna try
oh man you guys it has been such a long
day um but most everyone has left and as
you can see I took a shower I was like
so exhausting I felt like so gross that
I like how's it take a shower relax
but now Thanksgiving basically over and
it's Christmas I just love that our room
is decorated and already and it's just
so awesome we're gonna do our winter
vacation Christmas vacation tomorrow
tomorrow we need to go on vacation huh
so today's Thanksgiving and when it's
Thanksgiving in the United States you
tell people what you're thankful for and
so I was thinking about this earlier in
my head what am i thankful for obviously
I'm thankful for my wife I love her so
much and she's like my best friend I
love my son he's amazing he's a miracle
I can't believe he's here I can't
believe I get to be a father and thirdly
I think we're so thankful for you guys
support that we have from you guys in
watching these videos and and you know
partaking in our life is something that
we never imagined in a million years I
mean when we decided to do daily vlogs
we never would have matched and that
would be celebrating 50,000 subscribers
I mean now we're like fifty fifty one
thousand subscribers like that just
blows our mind I just want to say thank
you guys and for you to know that we are
so thankful for you guys watching us and
supporting us and it's just it's really
really cool so I know some of you
celebrated Thanksgiving yesterday those
of you who are in the u.s. didn't no
matter if you celebrate it or not let me
know in the comments what do you think
for just say I am thankful for blank and
as you go through the comments
if you see something that someone's
thankful for that you're thankful for
also give it a thumbs up and start a
conversation or something I think that'd
be really really cool for today just to
put everything in perspective and just
always be grateful and humble I think
those are really really important things
to have look at all of us little dude
how long was he in there don't you
hey we cannot see your cue fee hello I
am so full you guys oh I just wanna lay
under the Christmas tree anyone else
eat way too much ah this is probably a
good place to end the vlog I hope you
enjoyed it click the thumbs up button or
don't whatever what yeah who went out
for Black Friday did you go what you get
you get anything cool someone didn't go
get me a ps3 Missy I didn't want to let
you guys know that if you are cyber
shoppers online that there is a code you
can get free shipping if you purchase
two more items on daily burps what if
you go to daily bumps merch calm and you
buy two of our items you can get free
shipping with the code to free ship so
get on and do that probably the last
code before Christmas so if you haven't
got anything and you still want to this
is an excellent time to do so we had a
fantastic Thanksgiving hanging out with
all MCS family eating tons of good grub
and I hope you guys had a great
Thanksgiving to let me know in the
comments how your Thanksgiving went and
we will see you guys tomorrow
amazing thing found it you guys oh my
god we found we haven't opened it but
this is food we don't room where it was
a place and they put stuff in here um
was I irritated because they took it
away from the table was it Karl Strauss
oh my god Karl Strauss when do we go
there you guys when did we go to college
as
