what are you doing under the table what
are you doing at evil karma hey it's
like isn't it's not your new favorite
spot boy is just hanging out on the
table yeah you're a weird dog there's
gonna do amazing things
good morning guys so you know how when
Missy went to the horse ranch she blew
into the horses nose and then they
became best friends well I'm gonna do
the same to karma watch now you can
taste my morning breath yeah there we go
we are getting ready to shoot a video
for Missy's channel with the citrus lane
box if you don't know what that is it's
pretty interesting box made for like
moms and kids and stuff and that's
actually gonna be on her channel right
now so you guys can go watch it baby
Ollie is eating right now and we're
hoping that he's gonna take a nap
afterwards maybe cool videos get some
work done clean room clean room if I did
are you guys getting dizzy yet I think
I'm yeah you're late okay kind of like
stuff okay I feel really dizzy actually
so hoping that after I fed him he was
gonna just fall asleep but here yet wide
awake you do not want to go lay down huh
I'm thinking maybe a little bit of
jumping time might um where I'm out just
a bit more so that he'll actually take a
nap if you don't want it like taken yeah
do you know you don't bub you want to
jump for them you don't fit in okay that
sounded way even jump jumpy jumpy yay oh
I just love how he's like he liked
figured it out you know like he knows
what to do in this thing it just like
means he's just getting so smart and so
big and so cute hi
you came back around he sometimes gets
this super twisted on dude you can't
jump
don't be jumpy just finish my video
I basically unveiled the citrus laying
box and this is actually one of the toys
he gots so cute he actually loves it if
you guys want to see what else you got
you'll have to check out the video go
check it out um on my channel already um
please look at this he's like so this
thing is so cool it's like really
flexible so I think he likes it in his
teeth and it rattles and it's small for
his hands like he can like grip it
really good it's good Tuesday and of
course Brian needed a burrito so we're
at Freebirds his favorite place all he's
already quickly why don't you sleep but
I'm in the house but he just what to
have it soon as I put him in the car as
soon as they're like pulling on the
driveway he immediately fell asleep so
yeah probably sleep while we're out get
home
why do they cut it into Joanne's
like your favorite store right yeah as
you know yesterday was a total fail when
I came to our caramel apples and I think
that the promise I thank you I think
that the problem was the thermometer I
think that this is a wrong so I wonder
if thermostat thermometer right
thermometer right yes okay so yeah I
think I need a new thermometer a better
one someone like three book dollars at
the grocery store
sorry trans because they do a little bit
of baking here so we look for a better
one and try again gift boxes people
actually thought presidency I would
never buy a $25 box to put up my
president from up to put my five dollar
president yeah I hate when you go to a
store and you ask for something is and
they go oh it's over there by that aisle
near that thing if we have it thank you
for no help at all like when I worked at
Albertson's they were always like
someone asks where something goes you
take them to it hey you can make your
own Twinkies miss it even has a recipe
for it that's way cool
okay you can even put the Twinkies in
little box oh hello we got it you guys
we got the temperature gauge and
hopefully that might maybe that was our
problem and we can actually do this
without messing up four times in a row
did you guys watch that yesterday's vlog
yeah where apparently not very good
candy makers but we also don't give up
apparently right hey I really want that
caramel apple we had all those like
toppings and stuff and now they're all
gone everyone should ate them all you're
gonna blow away get his cute little guy
it's the old did I wake you
oh look at that face oh man he just gave
the funniest face go to sleep go to
sleep I'm sorry I disturbed him I only
hinted to karma that I might go outside
and this is where he is I'm ready are
you ready oh man he is excited oh my
gosh okay I'm gonna sit down you gotta
give it to me come on we're supposed to
all my gosh are you set and all that
water that's a bucket the whole back
okay we're just gonna sit right in this
chair now oh my butt is soaking wet with
Gracie cold water that's awesome
are we supposed to throw in a squirt
bottle I guess you drag it out here
karma you're supposed to do your chores
I'm here we throw the friends before ya
ready great I'm not very good at
throwing the ball and I have a baby to
hold it feels a little bit chilly out
here but Julie nice it's really pretty
out hey babe I think you got something
on your butt I mean yeah so cool gonna
attempt to make because we're crazy we
can get fairly there right a look you
comments today and some people giving us
some hints and tips and stuff so I
bought a new thermostat may be thinking
that maybe that was it everything is a
thermometer the thermometer out a new
thermometer
hoping this might be the problem also
people said don't whisk it even though
in the video is he was whisking it but
we're gonna try not to whisk it we're
also going to let the UM sugar water
stuff actually like cool a little bit so
that when we put the cool um butter in
it won't like crystallize I don't know
we're gonna try all these different
things but right now we're making the
toffee part of the Carlos so a lot of
you were like confusion like why are you
making caramel that way that's not I
made caramel making the toffee and the
caramel later but if we can't make the
toffee then why would we make the
caramel Brian thinks I should trust him
and fall trust fall okay you ready okay
you didn't actually do it though okay
okay I'm right here I'm gonna catch you
no Billy you're gonna trick me you're
gonna fall and I'm gonna catch you lay
down there you just need to relax and
trust me that's why it's called fastball
fall okay I got you probably never done
this before I got you I got you
let's go got your back
I got hit up pretty good
I told you oh yeah yeah I know what you
fall so the goal is see it mixture to
3:30 oh really I chamonix it's supposed
to tell us when it's at 3:30 it's
looking really brown caramel ewwww yeah
so here we go here we go
well swirl oops very goo that does look
really good look at that looks different
it does look different the sugar and
water mixture here we have brown butter
here we're making the toffee so we're
gonna pour the brown butter are you
laying a cool into the shirt we're gonna
let it cool a little bit yeah okay okay
okay very good now we're using a brown
or a wooden spoon instead of a whisk
we're just gonna stir it okay it's
fizzing it's okay I'm just so afraid of
failure
it's foaming Missy no it's not alright
we're still mixing the brown butter and
the sugar I think we might have did it I
do I'm just gonna say I think we did it
yeah actually have to make the caramel
now looks really nice I just make toffee
oh my gosh
that is so cool it's some cool macro
action going on shall we
I may talk to you guys oh yeah look at
this sweet macro action of the salted
toffee I just made booyah alright so
here is the sugar water with corn syrup
we're gonna add some cream a little bit
of cream ooh don't go crazy on us okay
oh oh
guys oh no what this doesn't look good
I'm done it's okay caramel mixture no no
no no okay still looks okay it's not
it's not bad yet it's looking better
good it doesn't like it when I add the
cream and what if the cream is not
supposed to be cold so we'll leave a
link in the description so you guys can
watch how Byron does it it's really
beautifully done he's just marvelous we
are kind of bad at this but it's our
first try and guess what we finally did
get it so you guys should watch this
video and maybe try it out um but I
think we might I did it
let's make caramel apples so we're gonna
generously dip our apple looks really
good Brian
okay much amazing got our apple am I
gonna set it raw there it's happy yeah
what are you doing dude big day he loves
working out those little legs huh he
doing there couldn't be walking pretty
soon you guys alright he has figured out
that he does not like the binky he likes
his two fingers really yeah I think he's
gonna be a two-finger cuz just keep
going like this is that just as bad as
the thumb and it's not as bad cuz the
thumb pulls it up okay
please thank you baby thank you baby
look it's dark out something smells
amazing Christmas little guys like
really shopping right now it's really
not that late it's only 7 o'clock okay
look how much easier this would have
been we could have just bought these
caramel apples for like $2 and we would
have stayed a lot of time
yeah but they wouldn't have been good
five times I know did I tell you go in a
town on those two fingers does yummy
good down I mean your fingers who's that
boy it's going on you're so cute
who are you over there hey I know you
it's bad time and the public are you
alright we got back toys I gotta let
them play with so these came out of
Missy's uh citrulline box right yeah
they're so cool
what is this shark that looks yes
somewhere it's a marina no it's a Rea
thing really you made me eat when I move
my tentacles go like this I'm actually
really jealous you did cool things every
month in your name yeah it's cool I'm on
the subscription box yeah I just signed
up for the subscription box and it's
pretty cool you can stay up for like any
box you want like if you're into like
healthy food or dogs or guys stuff like
they have different boxes for like
babies you know I got obviously a baby
one yeah but you at Missy's is like for
babies and moms and stuff yeah if you
guys want to I'll put a link in the
description too it's a get you like $10
off your first box cool are you happy no
I mean you just you I'm not talking to
you and I'm more about purse yeah
welcome baby massage yeah baby massage
Kiki you're ruining my massage Missy
likes to put this coconut oil all on him
after he has a bath in him it does make
him like super soft and like smell good
but he's always so I hate like picking
him up after you do it but he loves it
he's so happy anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog be sure to give us
thumbs up if you did and don't miss
Missy's new video on her channel is
actually really really cool so yeah
thank you guys for watching you can
subscribe to our channel we put out
every single day of our new family and
we like to have fun and you guys are a
part of that so subscribe Oh going on it
back now look look at himself again
though is my baby in the mirror you take
care oh alright guys we will see you
tomorrow bye again you're going to are
you doing with me
we put up videos every single day and so
you get to watch my hot wife and my cute
kid in this funny face
oh you're like that way home 110 and I
take you an outlet Raider you were like
okay maybe I should go get no that's
actually not true at all I texted him as
soon as I got downstairs and said Brian
Edie come down here and then about 40
minutes later I finally came up here to
get him don't try and make me I'm trying
to like kill you all right long as your
priority is him and electrification
that's fine
no one cares about me yeah we I'll just
get poisoned no I
