you want to wear my hat here I asked for
my hat bloody hell of that it's falling
big guys think for the bone there very
nice view this is our sign daily
is going to do amazing things
good morning baby boy hey hey baby boy
hey baby boy how are you this morning
huh
you snuggle with daddy all morning yes
you did
uh-huh good morning guys don't let this
bright beautiful sky and Sun fool you it
is cold out gonna run and do a few
errands and may pick up some breakfast
for Missy and I today is Sunday Sunday's
our day we usually clean up the house
and just sort of chill and be lazy and
stuff I don't know what about you do you
guys have like a Sunday routine I find
like we have like a routine like every
Sunday is our day to just sort of chill
and relax and clean up just fine like
we're starting to develop this little
pattern and it's really nice
oh snap check it out I got biscuits and
gravy which is one of my favorites from
her favorite place here in town I got
some donuts and some drinks and I'm
headed back home Sunday morning
breakfast is so important you guys wake
up on Sunday morning go eat some
breakfast and you're gonna feel really
good about yourself don't eat this crap
this stuff is not good for you at all
it's not it's just it's just like it's
not it's not go eat some eggs and some
ham or something I don't know this is
lazy Sunday breakfast is what you do
when you ain't got no more options okay
good morning guys
slept in a little bit today Brian helped
um take care of Olli for an hour so I
slept so that was kind of nice and now
we're getting ready we had a pretty
productive day ahead of us hey you wanna
gonna no I don't look at him yeah minami
don't you had November I've been like
that coffee is called chocolate glaze
yeah yeah not them and I was like I need
to get one yeah and actually all night I
jumped about my cupcakes I literally
just was like I just want one bite
please just give me one bite 5 o'clock
somewhere cupcake yeah um but we are
actually headed to a movie um I wasn't
going to go but to talk sometimes timing
just works and you can do it so welcome
this is excited enough about
think so get ready you can get the baby
ready super quick so we're going to take
all that we're gonna attempt it I don't
know how it work I will work we got a
bottle and I know he's nice and tired
because he's been up for a few hours huh
we have caught we need hot in the fun
easy yeah we're gonna put some cotton is
yours um help drown out the sound and
then maybe he'll sleep and maybe it'll
be a disaster and maybe it'll be really
fun we'll say we are going to go see
Catching Fire did I ever see that on
chunk of I was a nice chunk in that is
that not good it'll probably know it how
do you eat this yeah it's fine it was it
was not that big yeah it wasn't that bad
go ahead to Catching Fire because it was
really good I know you guys wanted to
hear what we thought about it and I
really really liked it I think they did
a really good job all I can think about
the next day really yeah yeah we me and
Brian had a very long talk about the
whole deal like the movie just cuz the
movies weird or the books are weird and
I kind of do hope that they change the
third book on the movie all right you
guys wish us luck all of our sleeping
right now just eleven eleven and so we
made a wish and we wish that well I
think it's when it sellout cuz we're
buying them five minutes before the
movie and that he'll be good but
hopefully we didn't jinx a cute house
was it told a wish
Oh crabby not supposed to tell the wish
uh put that part out if it doesn't yeah
getting changed in the back of good old
Nessie here and look at this if I move
yes thank you baby
we're all making the shade for him I
think he enjoyed the movie though for
the most part yeah there's actually
times when you watch the movie yeah he
was ruined for cut cut nice huh you
rubric itis
oh here we'll put your binky in this
fancy pocket right there
hey I get to go dude you look horrible
yeah you guys guess what I'm freaking
out I just got a really awesome tweet I
don't know who tweeted me I gotta give
her credit um Lisa at just one more
release Lisa tweeted me and she we I
can't believe it
tell them oh my gosh do you guys want to
know okay um well you know that cool
little award thing for youtubers that
was going on um it ended like a couple
weeks we've won we've won you guys look
at this they just released the list I
mean we're on this list with alfie deyes
um Marcus Butler Dan and Phil zoella
Alfie ins oh look at that there's us
best new tuber daily bumps that is so
cool you guys thank you to everyone who
voted I mean I was getting tweets from
people who were saying they had voted a
thousand times that day and I was like
what that's crazy
and I'm so excited I can't believe we
did it I can't believe it
that's so cool they said youtubers we
need to send you snazzy Awards get in
touch we're even gonna get a little cool
little award that's crazy
we were on that list with like people
who had like millions of subscribers
because it's it was for new youtubers
but some of those new youtubers had
literally over a million subscribers
already and we won we've won out of
combos with my two-year-old yeah that's
a good channel oh my gosh I really do
think that we honestly won because we
have such a loyal subscriber base like
you guys are so like that you guys
really care about us you're not just
subscribed to it's just cuz you want to
see a funny video like you really care
about us so I think that's why we won
because we have like personable
subscribers are you excited did you win
we did it dude hey did you win this
youtuber you like smiling he predicted
just like it was my dad's birthday it's
also CJ's birthday they were born on the
same day well not they weren't born on
the same day but born on the same date
but they're like 40 years apart but
we're looking for something for CJ some
kind of toy or maybe clothes he's had a
lot of toys so I'm thinking maybe some
cute clothes but when I get into this
section then I just want to buy stuff
for him oh there's so many cute things
like look at these cute sweatshirts and
sweatpants and oh I really want to get
him some Christmas clothes like
Christmas sleepwear and stuff but I'm
not here for all of it I'm here for CJ
Hollow for CJ oMG you guys because over
spring a beanie so cute there's like a
million QPS right here I'm going to try
them on so a ton of you said that you
preferred the slouchy beanie and I think
I did too and I other beanie was really
tight it was actually like hurting my
ears so I picked up a couple slouchy
beanie actually I got three for the same
prices at one beanie so I don't think I
was looking at it in a good spot let me
show you this looks way better and it's
way more comfortable super loose and not
as tight on my ears but I definitely
like the the beanies - and oh my gosh
look what miss is doing what are you
doing cute and cuddly
is it a sleep sack oh it's a Jamis yeah
oh my goodness wait what are those this
is like a beanie and mittens okay and
then this also has a hoodie yeah that's
too much babe you look super cute here
ain't got no hat you want to wear my hat
hey my ask for my hat buddy how about
that
it's balling hmm okay I'll put it up oh
here we go
he's cool you look cool now dude you're
cool now dude oh oh oh it's funny it's
funny okay so we're getting ready to
leave to go to CJ's birthday
Missy made amazing cupcakes last night
as I'm sure you've been told many times
but I was actually uh I remember seeing
this gif of Tina Fey eating a cupcake
and now that's like the best way to eat
a cupcake so I'm going to show you guys
how to properly eat a cupcake you ready
for this okay
here's how you do it you first take the
cupcake and you split it in half just
like that and
you put it on top of the frosting just
like that and then you eat it like this
perfect
Clark pac-man way not awesome that's
pretty epic way to eat a cupcake go
Lenny Electra like you did the same
exact thing when your mama sitting
places and ever get to unlock the door
that ladies and gentlemen is called
Chinese fire drill wait isn't that baby
do I'm supposed to do it also whistles
the Chinese fire drill everyone gets out
of the car to red light and runs around
and gets no difference I've done it
before I know you have you or a crazy
one that's a cool cake CJ look it's
little cupcakes how do you turn in five
good job birthday to you happy birthday
oh they're cool you just peel them off
it's like cutting a piece of cake Oh
everybody want a cupcake
check out the new hat we got CJ I think
you're wearing it wrong where are you oh
well don't beat yourself up over it yeah
playing with all of CJ's old toys oh oh
oh oh
ask for Fox right lights yeah
oh it's for frog left CJ's and I had a
really good time hanging out with family
and now Oliver is out he's tired and I
feel like like a hot mess right now I
don't know I feel like we just been
running around and I feel like I have
like spit up all over me I just want to
go lay down and like get in the shower
and do nothing for us tonight but this
was supposed to be our lazy day I know
all of a sudden we decided to go to the
movies and then we decided do to
birthday we needed presents and then we
ha ha ha yeah
oh and look who's awake good morning
good morning to the monkey rattle
earlier I set this right here and he
literally grabbed it start it's the
craziest thing look at that look at that
craving something hot so I don't know if
I want hot apple cider chai latte or
butter toffee coffee what do you guys
think I'm thinking hot up a fighter
stuff it's so good a little need to find
my cup there it is Hey mmm dirty move to
washing the wash it dude all right
locked and loaded this is really hard to
do with a baby oh there we go
did it never want
to look at camera huh
should check our fireplace in our room
that'd be awesome
can you roast marshmallows on a gas
fireplace I wonder yeah and get all
festive I'm a boy
what is this what did you do here no
cannot make up for it by hugging me why
are you playing with yarn that's what
cats do put it down give me some we
control our fireplaces bummer well how
do we fix that you just find one uh yeah
I think you can purchase one but just
put it right up there oh wait the gas
comes in from where see how there's no
oh yeah and then you so it's literally
just for looks good do a regular folks
it's not heartless so I guess we can't
start the fire um since there's a
missing pipeline we might not want to
start like an actual fire cause you
could like blow up the house that
wouldn't be going on my car no don't
want B thing you don't want to be a hot
dog haha I made a joke haha you know a
hot dog so I'm trying to kiss me on the
mouth dude yeah what's in the AMAs AMAs
are on it always sucks when like music
awards and stuff like this are on
because everyone gets to watch it before
California like all my Twitter's like
already tells me what's going on and
then California watches it and we
already know who want everything so
we're watching a mate huh but you always
see in these Brian's editing whoo all
right do you hear that I hear that
that's my cue baby always crying anyway
I want to thank you guys for watching
and hit that thumbs up we won the sugar
scape YouTube awards that's really
awesome it feels really cool to be
honored by them and baby always freaking
out I gotta wrap this up okay hit thumbs
up and we will see you guys tomorrow be
sure to subscribe to our channel we do
daily vlogs every single day like a
dailies pick it out
it's okay dude it's okay
oh man oh the Fox I'm gonna help on
minute ah the Fox unusually like well
like calm him down and make him happy
um I think he's just overtired now
anyway uh once again thank you guys for
watching and we will see tomorrow oh yes
no I am NOT she made it so that the
shirt so her hair frames her breasts
that's normal yeah he's smoking right
look at that girl yeah like it here's
someone who's not almost like turn away
from me she's a natural explain the
photographer no you well yeah okay come
on well Theo she found this really cool
beanie though for Missy to which think
she's gonna need one look at this you
guys classic he's got spit up coming out
of his mouth
in this otherwise gorgeous picture look
at that luscious lip plan yeah I do up
the big bottom lab they're gonna get it
right there I'm gonna take that as a
compliment
