say good morning and you figured it out
huh you know how to jump now oh it's so
cute
I think some of those K this is all son
baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things
don't cute I just love it yesterday he
was just sleeping it in today it's like
oh yeah this thing is fine I like this
thing jump oh my gosh you guys it's
freezing this morning it is finally like
freezing yeah so we got turn the heater
on and I feel like the the floor is
probably cold so I'm link link it's down
so he doesn't get freezing cold feet
so it's fun I got it um hooked to the
closet so I can do my makeup and get
ready and he can just bounce and he he's
just getting so big hey yeah fun good
morning guys we've already had a very
productive morning and we're at Target
now and we we know that they sell the
hot apple cider but they actually were
giving away samples of it I'm not cool I
got to try it before we buy it and
pretty good it's it very Apple II my
sister says if you cut it open there's
actually like chunks of Apple in the
little cup things so that's crazy
different though it's different than
like normal apple cider to me yeah cuz
it's not powder okay it's probably a lot
better for you than the powder
thank you guys can I rock a beanie I've
actually been thinking cuz like my ears
are really cold like it's cold okay I
know where babies but I get cold and I
don't know what do you guys think yeah
hey leave it in the comments I think it
makes my head look really round
well not look round my head is very
round right what do you think I like it
you do like it I know it's not with the
shirt it matches a shirt though oh I
don't think about things like that how
about this one don't look like a hipster
do look like a hipster babe
yeah yeah but it's really nice your
beard
I don't think I'd like it if it wasn't
for your beard really yeah huh okay well
it's cuz I like wearing my hat too
because then I don't have to I just
throw my hat on worried about my hair
the back looks weird yeah it's like I'm
at a not the elfing holiday oh yeah
meowy carolyn needs that
no this isn't boys oh really this oh
what if we got your brother that now
that is so cool
I like that it's cool huh yeah it's got
Cali bears on it it is very warm
it's got like other we got other ones
like um that green one that's cool this
one or this one
I think we're telling me I mean it's
snowing where we're going yeah for
winter vacation yeah I I mean oh cool
what do you guys think which one's
better a beanie or like a what is this
called winter hat a winter hat yeah
alright I did it you guys what if
everyone was like it's so ugly you look
stupid and yeah but I bought it and I
liked it it's it feels it's really comfy
on my ears it's freezing out here
well it's not freezing what is it like
58.50 files warmer okay I think it might
be in the seventies whatever it's cold
front where's our car baby
59 there you go do you know our cars
oh it sucks when you have a car that
looks like everyone else's we just ran
home got ready did
hair and everything and we are headed to
get our pictures done we're doing family
photos for winter um I'm a little
nervous though because we do have a baby
you can go so um when you have a baby
it's like hit or miss like he could go
to this thing and start screaming or
maybe we'll get smiles or maybe he won't
do anything it's it's gonna be hard but
he seems okay right now he just ate are
you happy baby
are you happy baby like not really not
right now been using Sophie oh thank you
I really feel like you did a really good
job ain't I kinda don't really fast I
can only do like the top half of it but
I did go look fine but I've been using
Sophie welcome you happy
gonna make you happy huh and the binky
and mommy's ooh baby this first love yep
what do you think you made you pictures
you can put on your smiles your handsome
face headed down the hill I told you
guys this is like the park for pictures
and look at we have one session there
one session there and once there's three
different photographers he was packing
yeah what was packing up so I thought I
was going to be like really hot um
because I got my beanie on like the long
sleeve and pants and stuff but I'm
actually freezing it's actually freezing
here so the good thing we brought warm
clothes for everyone huh
have you heard the spray on your breath
yes yes no I am NOT she made it so that
the shirt so her hair frames her breasts
that's normal like that yeah she's
smoking right look at that girl yeah you
like it is that why he's kind of almost
like turn away from me yeah she's a
natural
which one the photographer no you well
yeah okay come on what the Oh she found
this really cool beanie though for Missy
to which think she's gonna need one look
at this you guys classic he's got
spit-up coming out of his mouth in this
otherwise gorgeous picture look at that
luscious lip man yeah I do out the big
bottom lip area it's right there
I'm gonna take that as a compliment so
you guys this is Emily and she does
oopsy-daisy photography her little
daughter's run around right there in the
pink her name is Daisy and she's so cute
you guys need to go like her photo page
I'll have it in the description below
and if you liked it you're gonna post up
like some sneak peeks or something right
for show wish I was to go check her out
we're gonna go say hi to Daisy oh
there's a bulldog what's your name
Daisy how old are you four high five
there you go Oliver was so happy through
the whole shoot and now all of a sudden
he's like cranky oh I can't wait to see
photos so you guys so definitely go
check out her page and also is gonna say
she has like this really awesome vintage
camera so she actually got this really
cool shot where it looks like we were
like vlogging with it um so that's
probably gonna be a favorite we just got
done I know but seriously there's like
okay now there's 1 2 3 4 5 sessions just
taking place oh and they're all like
competing for like the best space in the
forest the magic photo forest look at
this random cat you guys
just sitting about oh there goes Missy
alright ran right up to her Missy don't
do that come on
Oh kitty hanging out at Chipotle no you
can't have it it's literally just
hanging outside like you sit next to
those people who are eating I know the
pecking and I thought they just bring
the cat yeah I know how weird without a
bed it's a really cute cat to like it's
not like those short ears you know
people are so transfixed by the cat they
don't know what to do look at this you
guys Megan actually tweeted me this
it's the akinator he's like the genie
who guesses who you're thinking about
like with questions and he asked does
your character have an obsession with
burritos
yeah and then it shows me this so funny
that that's one of the clues actually is
that I'm obsessed with burritos and I'm
eating up irelia right now
hi kitty put up dude
well not fixed but you need to be fixed
Hey oh look at this precious kitty Oh
Karma's gonna freak he's gonna be mad at
you he's gonna be mad at you kitty okay
bye oh look at those eyes they're like
yellowy green so cute that you put like
that he is so cute you can honest take
those things look how cute this is
oh hi yeah you know it Danny
you wanted to be there okay I had a plan
on YouTube product placement Oh today is
the 24th it's actually the last day you
guys can use the code with love for 15%
off you can get yourself one of these
cool things I'm smart I calm all he's
like yeah that's a really cool case pic
choice making brand some hot apple cider
and I couldn't find his cup so I'm going
to use this one this has all kinds of
pictures of all of us
no this one's actually my mom's got
karma karma outside me I was with a dork
there brother my sister me out there's
Ryan Leo got all of us her friend um
yeah it's a cool coffee cup that we got
her one year I think for like her
birthday or something oh my dad somebody
just brewed this amazing apple cider and
I really like it and I don't think
Missy's a fan she's still using the
powder crap
I like this has more flavor you're sad
though if you cut open this hot apple
cider you actually see little pieces of
Apple I'm going to show you look at this
it's like dehydrated apples like in the
entire thing and the water like runs
through and gives you this amazing
creamy apple cider goodness no that's
kind of like kind of freaky looking to
be honest
yesterday was my dad's birthday and me
and him love chocolate so I'm making him
chocolate cupcakes I'm actually you
using the recipe that Anna she just did
a video on it like this we can ASSU Kony
from the style diet so if you guys want
to know go check her out how to make
this it's all from scratch again so it's
going to be like well all the flour
baking soda baking powder
we've got like cocoa here and you have
to use like hot water and cocoa and
baker's chocolate for the frosting so
it's gonna be super delicious but I got
to make it all and it's kind of getting
late I'm supposed to do this earlier but
we are super busy should be fine I bet
they're gonna be delicious I'm so
excited
oMG you guys I just made the batter part
for the cupcakes so it looks like it is
so stinking good mmm it's ridiculous so
um if you want to know how to make it go
to Anna Saucony she makes this and all I
gotta say so far the batter is delicious
oli is loving this rattle quick what do
you guys see an O or an eye on a shirt
look II grabbed it there you go
shake it shake it shake it don't make
out what's a monkey be like my body
shaped my body they're gonna know what
you want me to do Mimi you got it
oh he's given a monkey kisses look at
these look at these
those look amazing oh now look at that
she's got homemade chocolate frosting oh
my dad's gonna spoil tonight I think we
all are honest yeah that's amazing
yes I think my mom and dad out for
dinner and so happy birthday dad
and we also got him a card and this one
is from oli and I want him to open it
wait let me see what do you write on oh
it's a really good smiley face
yeah he's really good he's really smart
oh this is Brian thank you got a monkey
that's the number-one thing it's a
grandpa monkey and a baby monkey that's
the number-one thing yeah you really
signed me yes sir your favorite baby
grandchild and monkey Holly Holly Papa
John pretty good for that one yeah it is
a grandpa Holly
how many pictures have you taken my
cousin Billy and I can't get one look at
all these pictures she's taken hey I got
it
- food
oh he did not want to snow that was that
smile I thought let's move yeah hey
gimme good we got four time you gotta
try to get a picture for like 20 minutes
now well here's the final product and
they look absolutely delicious and dad
it's his birthday so he got to try the
first one how is it it's a little tall
but it's yummy it's delicious right yeah
I made like the extra big ones and
they're pretty good right mm-hmm
yeah they're all homemade so pretty
stinkin delicious no Ollie is ready for
a beer pong
ow he got mom care I came those cupcakes
did come at a cost my sweater I did it
again I actually did get that um hot
cocoa that I spilt a few weeks ago out
of my sweater but then I decided oh it's
such a good idea to cook um chocolate in
this beautiful white sweater so now I
have real cocoa powder on this I'm
hoping I can get it out I don't to go
back and read the comments and see what
you guys suggested cos last time I just
washed it but I don't know if this is
gonna be a little more serious because
it's cocoa powder you made for everyone
I always have to make sure Karma's line
here when I say that word because
otherwise karma goes slinking off and is
all scared and so I don't think he's in
here okay so baby Ollie is asleep
finally
and I'm getting ready for bed Brian's
already fallen asleep too
and I did want to say thank you so much
to Anna for putting these out there
because these are amazing
um and then another reminder that the
15% off code ends today so it's with
love and go check out daily bumps birch
calm if you want to purchase anything
and we're gonna get ready for bed so
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye your Q
blog
remember we gotta go yeah go hi see hi
she only likes to do it where she can
from history Oh turn it the other way
and she's like looking over yeah so you
have all this stuff to prepare for no
name
