good morning guys oh wait there's
something on the lens I hate that okay
excuse me
gosh last okay good morning guys look at
this little guy hey dude
playing with your flower actually he's
playing with a lot of toys he's got his
elephant rattle his flower his mouse
rattle or is that an elephant this is an
elephant or a mouse
Ned Sophie Sophie hmm
Oh a car
my
Oh big Pike thing for the bomb very nice
of you
this is our son baby this is a boy he's
gonna do amazing things
Kyra always cars whatever Sophie's in
the room you love Sophie huh you have a
question on Sophie don't you I am just
hanging on the bed with Ollie pop Ollie
pop Oly Oly Oly pop he on the pump oh
Allah Yahya really pop I did it see I
did it but mom boom boom
I did want to remind you guys that if
you haven't yet head over to my
individual channel Bryan Lanning TV
because I put out my first video today
and I'm gonna have it up early for you
guys and I'm gonna try and upload on
like Tuesday and Thursday cuz Missi
uploads on Monday Wednesday and Friday
and I upload on Tuesday and Thursday and
then we do everyday I think daily so
it's pretty big taking but I'm really
really excited for and I have some
really cool stuff that's coming out and
so in that video I sort of introduce a
channel and then I show you guys some
sneak peeks up what we've been doing
what is so funny and then what happened
I go in for that but he loves this
flower thing it's probably a favorite
thing that he's got this is my office
right here you guys I got karma computer
baby remote it's just it's so cool this
is actually my office like I actually
get to sit here and work from home like
I don't ever talk about that a lot but
it's seriously such a blessing I think
it's something really rare for someone
my age to be able doing something I love
and being able to work at home and like
spend as much time as I do with my wife
and kid I think it's really awesome
all you like thank you huh yeah good
morning guys
we are getting ready to film today I
feel like we're always filming well we
are always filming far as my channel
I've been trying to get some really cool
videos out so I'm doing a lot of videos
I do want to show you um my mom and dad
got Ollie his very first what do they
called ornaments and so I want to show
it to you
this one's from my mom Mimi it says
baby's first Christmas 2013
it's really cute we can actually can be
engraved and then my bones on the ground
is kind of speedy razor voice oh and he
keeps chasing like cat under the tree so
we don't know what's gonna happen oh and
then my dad got him this one is so cute
it's a fox and it says to ollie love
Mimi and Papa what does the Fox say
2030s okay that's really good yeah
because of course all I loves the Fox
song so they wanted to get him a cute
fox or diviner
what does the Fox say I just love this
this one's really like meaningful you
know I will tell you that last night was
so much better
I told you I was like the worst night
ever the other night and it really was
pretty bad I think that he was just
funnin either an off-night
he just really wasn't feeling good his
last night was fine of course he got up
but it was nothing like screaming
hysterical crying anything like that
we're not very good at watering stuff
we're not good with real plants yeah do
things like this actually stay alive
sure if you gave a water it might bounce
back the poinsettias bounce back really
good hey hey Ollie pop he hung up
I'm wearing sweatpants I don't feel good
today is that okay if I wear sweatpants
I'm not man flu I just don't feel good
I'm gonna die
cafe mocha it's like half coffee half
hot chocolates really good in the
morning pretty much I figure if I get
coffee I'm gonna put cream of sugar
anyway so if I do that with a little bit
of hot chocolate I don't need any
creamer extra sugar he's just so like
happy right now hey hey bug a blue-eyed
pop now every time I call him Ollie pop
he smiles like that so cute
by the way you guys if you want to order
an ollie pop design you have until the
13th if you want to get it by Christmas
so I'll have a link in description so
you can get shirts and stuff and ours
haven't come yet I think I think it's
going to be here this week though I'm
really excited to see him yeah it's like
the perfect amount of coffee and the
perfect amount of like chocolate and
sweet and it's really really yummy all
day long Kermit aces and ones in the
tree seriously this cat has done it
before word to the cat will climb into
the tree and then climb up the tree and
sit in there bear clava you've done any
form on one year we actually I don't
think it was clear actually but we went
on vacation okay he did not allow to
exist in us that's actually your brother
you know that right you're related to
him and he's the firstborn
I just saw an okay do on my computer of
like Claire freaking out on him really
so funny
Oh
Oh
I think everyone Oh oh my god they are
getting he's not gonna give up his chair
yeah he Claire's going at it you will
not go back oh my god
God is crying Herman get off the cows
Clare doesn't want you on their dick
okay they put on normal clothes I put on
real clothes I'm not wearing sweatpants
anymore so yeah you for dad all he's
getting a snack in and oh yeah I forgot
to mention that we also have family
portraits so we put up the full album on
Macy's channel of all the pictures we
got done when we did holiday family
portraits so go check it out I'll put a
link in the description there's a lot of
links in the descriptions today you guys
just click it so we're doing some
shopping at Target and the weirdest
thing happened before we got here I was
gonna grab some food and so I went to
Chipotle and I got a Chipotle burrito
and I'm actually having so Fritos it's
the veggie option so I guess I'm doing
like meatless Monday the lady in front
of me
she paid and she was like oh the credit
card machines down can you pay with cash
and so she paid with cash then I got
there and I was like aw crap I'm sorry I
have no cash all I have is this card and
she's like oh it's okay I had my card
and I was like wait can you run my card
at all and she's like no we can't but
it's okay and I was like wait what she's
like it's on us and I was like no way so
I totally got free Chipotle burrito I
was talking to Missy I was like is this
like a pay it forward thing like it's
just now do I have to like find
someone's food that I can like pay for
them and I was thinking like well you
know every time we go to the grocery
store I always get one of those like $5
donation things to donate like money so
people can like eat there like looks
like the food bank or whatever and I was
like maybe this is like what comes back
to you and it was just a really cool
reminder you know to give back and you
will receive I think that's always
something as Christians we're told a lot
too if you give you will always receive
also pay you guys I gave me see it
- try try it it's come on what do you
think yeah there's like too much stuff
on it my mom is on fire now we are
ghostly shopping got all the adult
things I have it right oh like an old
like an old person then old person
you'ii just spit up on me everywhere
it's everywhere clearly cannot do two
things at once get it yeah we're making
like a wild rice soup tomorrow with
chicken and stuff so I need wild rice
I'm not sure which kind of wild rice to
give a bleep
see I come to sleep and we're going to
so today is leftover nori and Misty is
eating leftover beef stew look at the
stew all it is is sauce and meat and
potatoes it's not stew just liquid I'm
naked I'd really want dumpling so I'm
making some dumpling and the way I do
this I take frozen dumpling and I roam
in the microwave like two minutes and
then I fry them up yeah it was pretty
good cold
oh yeah that's cuz I didn't check so
it's iron chef general - so is sauce and
it's so good and even Missy likes it and
Missy is Missy
you know Missy she don't like things she
doesn't like anything she barely even
likes me am i right
am i right sabe you're weird you're
weird we're just gonna vlog you
awkwardly ye things
harren your booth happens everyday
really this hair you guys is I actually
wonder on a daily basis how much of
Missy's hair do I accidently consume you
know I mean cuz this stuff is like
everywhere I'm not even kidding babe
it's weird
you have you lose so much hair oh and
voila
dumplings ala Brian Missy hates when I
make this cuz the dumplings I will admit
they kind of stink and pretty much like
stinks up the entire house so what are
you doing duty can use a brutish no guys
up playing with his flour already what
are you doing
you actually likes the cold life yeah
it's the weirdest thing no we were in
Idlewild on vacation wipes for the rice
we're freezing and I was like oh he's
gonna hate this
oh my gosh she's gonna start crying but
nope every time feel like Oh Missy guess
how many wipes I was used fine one good
job but I always use like the most wipes
ever dude I'm just saying I ain't
getting that on me hey dude
hey you gonna roll over oh oh he did it
Missy he rolled over you did it you're
the smartest baby in the world
okay yes yes he did it so fast can you
roll over roll over
said yes I can't I did it earlier you
saw me so now you caught him rolling
over and I didn't see and then I caught
him rolling over and you didn't see
that's pretty funny karma all those is
in here is crumbs there's nothing in it
you can't even check nope see is 7 here
it's just different
I run oh my god ah right here we go
she's sitting on bastard like the
perfect ceiling for a very hospital up
hurt it ruchi it's funny cuz actually
karma is really afraid of it he's just
trying act tough no karma and the
Christmas tree caught it perfectly it's
time to get ready for dad are you gonna
be good again tonight
maybe you need to know see if I feel
like it oh he's so cute
gosh I just can't believe that I have a
baby I still can't believe that I have a
child like I can't believe a few years
or a few months ago he was like he was
in his belly right here well yeah he was
laying right there that was his butt up
there head down there feet we're
basically in my boobs really painful
they were like underneath my ribs these
little feet kicked underneath my ribs
and bruised them I thought you were
gonna break my ribs yeah he's pretty
much an amazing little boy cannot
believe that he's here still I can't
believe that last year we were finding
out we were pregnant with him like last
year around this time is when I tricked
Bryan and in thinking I wasn't pregnant
by using my mom's urine and then I told
him I was pregnant which is really funny
baby all he just had a bath you guys and
look at this he's like totally
supporting himself
yeah and sitting up and look he's so
happy about Exec yeah dude that's so
cool that's like another thing huh he's
probably gonna be sitting up like
unassisted really really soon see you
down next to the tree and you can just
look at the tree
so I'm sitting in front of the little
heater we have in our room but seriously
my feet are so cold I hate that cold
feet cold hands
I want to be like baby Olli right now
he's all bundled up like a little
burrito anyway he's getting to be that
time we're gonna go ahead and end the
vlog but I hope you guys enjoyed it and
I hope you are all enjoying watching our
lives it is now day like three 8:18
youtube.com slash did before 3:18 so
this is day 3:19 that we've been
vlogging and it's really like probably
like the biggest journey that we've ever
been on in our lives but I think the
journey of just being on YouTube has
been so like amazing and like unexpected
I think people are quick to see
youtubers like us and assume that we're
kind of like tension seeking or that we
take it for granted and the truth is we
don't at all and we're not I think it's
just important for us to always like
have a clear goal for our channel on
this channel like this is our daily vlog
channel and we honestly just want to be
100% real with you guys and always just
show what's going on our lives and show
you what it's like being new parent I
hope you guys are enjoying watching it
and let me know in the comments if you
are anyway I hope you enjoyed the vlog
click thumbs up if you did if you didn't
like the vlog just click thumbs up
anyway you know what I'm saying just do
it I don't care you don't care does that
hurt you did to not hit thumb no just
hit thumbs up please
what oh you know my camera's focused
right now it's really dark but anyway
we'll see you guys tomorrow
here have a nice oh it's very blurry
enjoy this blurry blurry fox one a
minute oh there you go bye guys hope you
enjoyed the vlog but when I say it's in
raqqa time or whatever you know it's not
usually too big of a deal um and
sometimes he'll get out three four times
a night
but I already care last night it was
like it was scary every time he woke up
he would just scream be like screaming
bloody murder um and I was like freaking
I just couldn't figure out what was the
problem I don't think I can think of
