you see are you in here was he was in
here changing so I shut the door and
turn off the light and then I hear
anything so I open like the toy
Missy do you guys hear I don't see her
maybe she's under this pile of laundry
mess
boy he's gonna do amazing things look
what we woke up to you guys
rainy Thursday it's rainy Thursday karma
really wants to go out and he actually
already did and then he left this huge
mess we had to clean him up
so I'm sorry boy no going outside today
you're just gonna make so much you're
just gonna make a myth music but wait
like Kong's right there don't come on
don't look at it don't look at it just
don't look at it don't look at it karma
just don't look at it check it out guys
we were on a breakfast kick I guess we
just made biscuits and gravy I got
coffee
I just love starting out the morning
like this I'm now going to bed earlier
and then I'm waking up earlier editing
the vlog and putting it up and then I
have like the whole morning ahead of us
essentially so and this looks amazing
but it is a rainy day outside and we are
not really sure what to do with
ourselves if we should just hang out in
bed all day yeah I know maybe turn on
our fire check that out
maybe decorate for Christmas yeah totes
yeah because we don't really want to go
out in the rain it's kind of cold but
look it Oliver has been playing and he
just grabbed on to a rattle and look at
it grab on it means his fingers are like
rats running and he's putting it to his
mouth that's awesome
no look at Degas that's like a big deal
right yeah that's a pretty big deal
that's the first time I've seen him do
that like he's grabbing something and
putting it towards his mouth so I just
like those things that are hanging I
just trying to him stuck in his hand
yeah it's like he's holding on yeah I
definitely had to hand it to him but he
took it and then now he's kind of like
moving it around still isn't grabbed for
these that like hang in front of him but
he's getting there and karma is like
okay I want to play now I wouldn't play
with the toys so in yesterday's vlog we
did something pretty funny and Missy
told everyone to tweet her pictures let
me just say her and I have been getting
so many tog pictures like way too many
okay look at this
Karma's photobombing yeah tongue picture
tongue picture tongue picture seriously
I cannot make this up you guys yeah oh
that's a really good one - good job
Stacey I think Wayne Tommy hey there you
go yeah again now he's got on to Sophie
and he knows oh yeah is Sophie huh no
car you can't please him just cuz cuz
Oliver done playing I've resorted to
stealing my little baby boys sunglasses
now it's not him bright out it kind of
is I just cried I was like hey I didn't
think they were gonna stretch them out a
little bit but they actually work yeah
they do work they cover my eyeballs
you look like ya like a beetle I look
like a dork we were gonna just lay in
bed and have a lazy day which we haven't
done that in a long time we used to do
that everyone small and he was like a
college and stuff you just like have
like lazy Sunday yeah at for some reason
not only do I not have the capability of
doing anymore we have a baby who's like
oh no I'm not staying in bed all day
people like I wanna do something yeah
here we come baby he's sweating wearing
like a monkey sweater yeah it's like the
cutest letter ever hey hey hi everyone
so we are at Kohl's and we're trying on
clothes right now old friends gonna try
and find something because we have
family photos in a couple days
and so we're trying to try and
coordinate colors hi well I like that
one look okay yeah not too pretty it's
really nice yeah I think it fits good
though I like that yeah and I think even
we should read it - sure let me even see
my belly well are you gonna be doing a
lot of raising your arms no okay I mean
it's not an urge to praise Jesus though
I think it's okay it shows then yeah I
think I don't like Christmas Christmas
polish
yeah like it see how we're gonna look
for maybe something cute for Ollie to to
kind of help match and stuff cool says
the large fit seem doesn't need extra
large which is pretty cool and he is so
cute I love when he's awake with more
shopping because then he's like I know
like she actually knows what's going on
nothing else going on but he's usually
just asleep the whole time we're out
after we do anything look what we just
found to match daddy this is so cool
thank you
yeah look at this oh yeah it's black
though that's like a basic rule if
you're going to do like a photography
don't wear white or black yeah you're
for a while got the shout I don't how
easy why it's really easy oh oh
easy but there's a shout it 43 yeah yeah
yeah I guess I'm yelling it so when
we're in Cole's my phone was on
searching and I figured that it was just
cuz we're inside Cole's but still on
searching and
said why wouldn't work they have to
check by Twitter like hair but I really
would like it to work I hope nothing
wrong with it we said it and it works
yay good job you have a hole to balls
right it's all free to say now when they
later oh yeah usually it's bars and now
there's no signal bars anymore their
signal balls and you haven't have two of
them how many do I have I have three
signal signal ball tonight
so you know I think three is better than
two I just learned a new trick
horsemeat on the camera I can't do it
okay all right
he'll just some skills
I bet that an Olympic talent I bet all
the Taylor Swift fans are like to get
number 22 and then sing the song 29 22
anymore and that's all he put it three
now it is so nice out today you guys
with this rain and stuff like I'm
actually wearing a jacket like a full-on
jacket yes I know you look cold are you
cold it is really nice
yeah and Oliver's wearing his big old
sweater hey guy so even listening to
Justin Bieber's Christmas music we've
been pretty much obsessed with it past
couple days huh it's a really good
Christmas album it's one of my favorites
I love Justin Bieber's Christmas album
and I really love family force 5 s
Christmas oh yeah we haven't won yet no
that's good and I actually that one that
their first Christmas album came out
family force 5 I listened to that big o
year round yeah it's probably a little
weird that we listening to Christmas do
you think because Thanksgiving has even
come yeah I just put you in the mood is
the fashion a couple days we're gonna be
decorating for Christmas even if it is a
day or two after um Thanksgiving that's
next week Thanksgivings next week
Thanksgivings next week for next
Thursday nice Thanksgivings next week
yeah so next Thursday and then it starts
the real Christmas holiday all like the
next month on swing so much fun you guys
leave the comments your favorite
Christmas song Matt song album album
okay yeah your favorite Christmas owl
some really good ones I know there's
some really good ones out there and like
that are like contemporary like they're
still cool yeah
the mountains right now they're really
pretty with all the they look like
smokey almost but it's like a fog yeah
all hid in the mountains I love where we
live art where we live is so pretty
hey guys that is the tape from when I
scared Brian with the scary way to
remember that Brian I was hilarious yeah
I'm gonna do it again
No so me and oli have been trying on
clothes for the photoshoot on Saturday
and look what I found
he's a sock monkey hat I don't know if
someone made this or if they bought it
and sent it to us I know it's from a
subscriber though if they made it that
is some talent but thank you adorable
video Oliver I got it give this jungle
ensemble lookout Gillian ugh he's not
dressed or anything right now he's just
wearing it disposable diaper oh my god
you idiot and that diaper is like
totally falling off him that's not good
cuz there's aren't you Stephanie yeah he
just parted like a done was it fart it
was a very wet fart it was like hey J
yeah trailing it was definitely trailing
yeah you see are you in here busy was in
here changing so I shut the door and
turn off the light and then I ain't hear
anything so I open like the toy Missy do
you guys hear I don't see her maybe
she's under this pile of laundry mess
Missy Missy quick it's really freaky
how'd you do that so good I could swear
I looked in there millions ha ha
who you need to scare me I was scared
just looking for you
I thought first I thought you were under
our laundry pile so what up what up
Brian need some attention there yes you
really didn't think we were gonna be
doing this but um turns out we get to go
see catching fire tonight oh okay uh
yeah I wasn't gonna go because of course
catching fires at like midnight and I
was like no there's no way I'm going
that lady's I guess I'm it's 8:30
and um yeah we found a boobies at like
8:00 8:30 9:15 and so I was like all
right well I guess I could probably
swing that I'm not really sure they
added we're going to 9:15 I'm pretty
sure they added that after everything
sold out there yeah cuz we bought the
tickets tonight like I'm literally right
before without the house yeah so it's
kind of cool so we I'm actually really
excited we were gonna maybe go tomorrow
like afternoon but we're doing a lot of
really cool stuff tomorrow hint hint
make sure you watch tomorrow's vlog yeah
I think this will be better and so I get
to see it tonight and I'm really really
really excited
Oliver is happy and with me me and
hopefully Oliver we're not taking all
he's not yeah he's hot back here I
didn't want to take him so he's gonna
hang out with me me and he seems pretty
tired so he'll be going to bed really
soon and hopefully it'll be an easy
peaceful night for everyone and we get
to see Catching Fire which is so so cool
already just read the books and I can't
wait and Brian Kenny Brian doesn't even
know everything that's going on yeah I
do but I feel like you forgot a lot of
the book no I know I know all of hunger
games and Catching Fire but the last
book I literally read within like eight
hours oh it all is kind of like a blur
so I'll reread the last one yeah the
last ones so I have plenty of time I'm
still confused by the last one really
but oh and so my for my birthday my dad
got me this it's supposed to like charge
your battery but you don't have to have
it plugged into a wallet this is like a
battery basically itself so it's like
yes I got this I'll charge my phone
because it's like at 15% wait let me
guess thi is dead
so now I've got a dead battery and a
dead phone and that's just awesome but
I'm trudging right now in the car so
hopefully we'll be okay but yeah I
pretty much suck check out our suite
going out at night outfits you guys his
outfit of the night right here boom
Missy's got her sweater her hippy bag
which looks like she's smuggling weed
big ol mama pants anyway and shoes that
I can easily slip off use I'm not
wearing shoes didn't
phone rang fullscreen swag here swatc
comfy sweatpants short n out sweat
shorts and some comfy shoes he's
slippery easily too
cuz you're not wearing shoes my movie
and I forgot my jacket so yeah so we got
a blanket thank you
until Durst and really really close and
then if there's someone in the elevator
coming obviously we're Aquifer doin here
this is actually really cool because my
phone knows we're near the theater it
just pops our ticket up oh just pops our
ticket up on the lockscreen and I can
just swipe it and there it is
Catching Fire is he's dancing to Charlie
Brown I make sure that I can to get wet
whoopee shakedown
you sound asleep
hi Karma something seen I just got back
from The Hunger Games
and first thoughts one word amazing yeah
it was really good well tell you guys
bought more about tomorrow we're really
tired and we're in the closet because he
got your typical warrior anyway I hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog
give it a thumbs up and let us know if
you're gonna go see Catching Fire in the
comments and we'll see you tomorrow bye
I'm doing exactly what you're doing hi
why is he it's time to find out and they
folded up body out and folded I just
think your tongue out that is hilarious
though they're being mean to people we
feel bad for ya some people can't do
that you can't just
