Sica ringing over oh so morning guys
how's it going today is it cold
are you doing your fingers diver for me
this is our son baby
oh boy definitely do amazing things me
and Oliver are gonna make some breakfast
I'm starving
I'm thinking bench toast and sausage
we have no pancakes Oh made my decision
easy gotta make me some hash how do it
there's one already in here so fast okay
maybe you thought that fast I spoke too
soon psychosis cooking sausages cooking
and we have my camera here we should
probably check on today Humbert how bit
words here we go what's it look like
yes still pretty blurry well yeah the
video actually has no effect yeah just
the screen so we got to see how it does
with the battery though it's your nan
right away though yeah
a mite might be okay we may have fixed
and that's not what oh I turned it off
and that attorneys off thank you it's
gonna be a little glitchy uh funny it
turned itself egg on I love when you
when your phones or whatever have water
damage and they always send start having
minds of their own
you to die in hands enjoying his
breakfast good morning guys Missy made
me a bomb breakfast look at you me
french toast turkey sausage I got my
what is this butter toffee coffee thing
I don't know okay apparently there's
this thing
Missy doesn't like butter flavored syrup
no weird your cam it's not there's a
more thing than not come on that the
worst you can do to it try and like make
me sound crazy no I'm just saying that
butter flavored syrup is like a gift of
God like a little Indian baby
why are you so entertaining dude ah baby
Ollie's on the poop deck ha dude you got
to find you an outfit k alright that's
one no this one's dirty goes in there
perfect that worked perfect
actually I bet if we set it up like a
little further I could actually get like
a whole thing going on dirty clothes
okay all I gonna do is throw it on the
light if it's is rated it's so cool
chicks out chicks at chicks up hey take
that jig is up
oh yeah looks pretty good I don't think
we'll put that light away today I think
it's got a good spot right there don't
you think okay let's find him an outfit
actually saw this one I was born awesome
it's kind of reminds me of Doug do you
guys remember that show Doug there's
like set in the future and there's like
flying cars his friend was blue I think
he was an alien I don't I never really
put the pieces together when I was
little but this shirt kind of has the
same colors and it's got that lightning
bolt that his friend used to wear that
was an awesome show I used to watch all
those shows like Rocko's Modern Life and
Doug get Rocko's Modern Life had that
cow that would burps the ABCs he was
like a bee oh can only do you see hey
let me try one time babies do it right
now while you're watching this tell me
what number you can get to in the count
or what letter you can get to in the
comments practical use right here boom
that is one to Ted right there you're
like you like your cool outfit that I
picked out for you all right guys I'm
attempting to use my piece one I'm
showing you in the thing but yeah I
don't think camera um hopefully you guys
can see me okay looks very weird on the
screen and you got you have rice right
there person is so good right now
because we have these are orange peels
vennett
it's water vanilla gonna water vanilla
pumpkin yeah all kinds of like spices
pumpkin spice cinnamon orange peels
vanilla water and it's smelling making
the house smell really but obvious you
keep it on like a low boil just like a
little bit dimmer thank your house smell
amazing so here's the couch now that is
it nice so comfortable to do really
comfy huh yeah I love it I don't know I
like the like the cushions on the back
right here these are really comfortable
and it's really soft and it's gonna be
cool are we gonna put the tree right
here the Christmas tree I'm actually
thinking that you go in that room
Oh in the big room yeah can you see me
can see me it's working okay uh so I
just shot my phone and guess what it's
perfectly fine commercial for the iPhone
case with comma space on it it works
Katie Vaughn smart comm youth code wit
love for 15% off there you go Angela
go-sees go to the horse ranch if it is
munchkins so cute look at his head it's
adorable
and comfortable budget watch a pillows
you see look at this no it's so cool hey
there's a monkey one which what is mine
is my Furby kind of excited that sounds
weird
that's so cool this they got a monkey
one remember when it was the pillow pet
and you couldn't just is it a pillow or
is it a pet my gosh oh no peeking a
pull-up pad now look they glow Missy
they keep getting cooler and cooler
every single year that means next year
they're probably gonna dance all the
fixings for butterbeer cupcakes so I'm
really excited we're going to actually
go for it and try them out I'm getting
my hair done in a couple of weeks
and I'm still trying to decide what I
want to do and I've kind of narrowed it
down between two pictures so let you
guys look at them this one is a picture
of Lea Michele and I really like this
hombre look I want to get like really
dark on the top and then do like lighter
on the bottom and I think I'm going to
bring back the bangs you guys I'm going
to do it I'm really debating this one or
oh yeah there's like a bazillion
pictures of my baby there right or this
one this is totally different it is kind
of a purpley like very very offer it
looks really purple I think on the
screen but it's an auburn kind of color
like it's red all right so we just got
home and Missy got herself a little
project yeah we're putting light in the
living room no we don't think that one
light it's like so dark in here so just
setting up this simple little light can
you do this bit it's like a puzzle
I'm making a chai latte cuz I am
apparently obsessed with this Keurig I
like I just love hot drinks now it's
really cool that I can just throw the
little pot in there throw my glass under
there and get a hot drink I know like
that coffee I had this morning was so
good and I rarely ever drink coffee in
the morning Gloria Jean's butter toffee
she makes really good hazelnut coffee -
I say she cuz you know Gloria
Gloria's in the factory fill in all the
Keurig pods with coffee who is hot I'm
not so hot so fast I don't know how it
happens oh my gosh look it I don't get
it don't get stuck now keep going keep
going
Oliver just woke up from a very bad
dream I was so sad like he was sleeping
and he wasn't like crying you're just
like oh like that any weed sup like he
was crying but he was doing that like
that yeah he's doing now actually I know
yeah and then he woke up and he was just
like oh so sad he's having a little
nightmare is that normal for a kid 7 he
hasn't really seen anything scary
oh hey karma oh she got you got your can
freeze be go get it whoop hey you
actually caught he never catches it when
I throw it you never catch it when I
throw it huh let go let go cuckoo let go
karma ball
okay oh we missed it look at this you
guys
the trees are actually turning colors
and like that trees completely gone but
like that tree we actually had like this
one this one's like dropping the
coolest-looking leaves what kind of leaf
is this you guys know leave it in the
comments if you do but these are really
these really cool Leafs and that trees
dropping them just so cool because it's
like cold out here and it feels like
fall oh it
he loves that confi did you guys see his
favorites video holy crap it was so
funny guys have to go watch it on me see
channel if you haven't see it yeah oh my
god turning me in circles alright let's
play someone you just put any weight
ain't you thank you didn't you
I literally we're sitting on the couch
right and he's sitting on me and he's so
happy he's giving these big ol smiles he
literally spits up like a crazy amount
this is half of what it was and then
proceeds to poo in his pants for good
I'd say 20 seconds huh it's funny huh
yeah he's just saying they're like
coming out of his mouth and his butt and
he's just smiling he's like we I
literally had time to go don't open this
uh oh it's not gonna be that bad don't
worry guys very really bad working out
all my issues I think I'm gonna - what
I'm doing is I'm ordering some new
inserts and um so once we order those
and get those that I'll get back onto
cloth but until then I am sick and tired
of having leaks so yeah like cheat him
every single help it's not fun for him
taking a little break we're gonna use
some disposables I'm still using honest
company to use these when we've on
vacation yeah I know
Toby should be careful maybe go back
course the good thing about the fact
that we do have to go through a lot of
clothes is he has a lot of clothes so I
mean I can't afford to go through that
many because I mean I have a lot of
clothes here he has enough outfits
change and luckily I have enough Phoenix
yep she do what's up all over me gosh
Bryan has so many bean oxygen I don't
know if how many people watch that video
that means me and Bryan did like a long
time ago we were like that's the same
sure
so here all the ingredients for the
butterbeer cupcakes like it's a lot of
stuff I don't know what do we get you're
gonna scratch yeah we have to flour
everything coming together is that the
cupcake mix yep
if she has to essentially make the
cupcake and then you make the frosting
and then you're also making a gun ah
it's a butterbeer ganache that goes in
the middle you pipe it in the middle and
then you put it on top - super number
this guy's just enjoying the view
watching his mommy face so for this
recipe you have to use butter imitation
butter flavor and I'm pretty sure it's
like the key ingredient to really make
these taste good so make sure you don't
forget this stuff water beer I mean come
on yeah got it big pressure how is easy
okay he's upset man I don't love my beer
all he was over being in the swing so I
put it in the rocket plate and I have
the swing hitting it to rock it but he
doesn't seem too happy with my ingenious
plan
it's my genius plan dude come on there
we go yes Brian got see very extra-large
cupcake holders but maybe they'll be
okay so we are ready to put them in the
oven I got hot in that big sweater and
so I went upstairs and I was like ah
finds when else am I gonna wear that's
true okay so all the cupcakes are done
these are butterbeer pictures fine I
thought they were gonna be like way too
big but yeah they actually were that
look good so we're gonna prepare this
cupcake and show you guys what it looks
like it's pretty much awesome insert the
tip right into it and then squeeze until
it starts to all come up oh yeah then
she made some buttercream frosting boom
done and then you just drizzle like that
oh man butter beer cupcake from scratch
this is entirely from scratch
hey ready it's gonna it's gonna like get
messy yeah
hmm started going like this with my
tongue hmm like yeah okay cuz that's a
thing okay I guess some people can do it
some people can't and I go Brian can you
do it you guys yeah I can do it he
thinks he can do it do it
I can do it then do it I'm really good
you do it
that's nothing yet I'm doing exactly
what you're doing
mmm-hmm what nothing I'm doing what
you're Joey you're doing hmm
I'm doing exactly what you're doing
you really think though good night why
is it diary like flattened out and like
folded up fly me out and Paul died
you're just seeing you tongue out that
is hilarious up your being me are the
people we feel bad for yeah some people
can't do that and you can't yes I can no
you some people can do that um three
clover thing where they go like they
like can fold it into three things I
can't do that okay I can do it do you
see there you go Oliver can you do it I
can't do that okay
can you guys do any fun tongue tricks
let us know in the comments and then
tweeted pictures tweeted pictures of
your tongue roll and then I'll retweet
them that's not it
that's the tongue roll then the three
leaf clover one I want to tell you guys
um we actually need a channel trailer we
don't have a channel trailer for this
channel and it's basically something
that people see before they subscribe so
if they're not subscribed and they go to
our channel automatically gets played is
the channel trailer and so it sort of
has to tell us has to tell them about us
and who we are and to subscribe and blah
blah blah in basically less than like 30
seconds if you guys want to make a
channel trailer for us I'll have a link
in the description I actually wrote a
post about it because I thought it'd be
really cool for you guys if you wanted
to go through the clips of all the vlogs
and stuff and make your own channel
trailer for daily bumps
and say what you want about it then send
it to us and so we'll have like a little
friendly competition in the vlog post I
do have a downloadable thing you can get
like pictures or like logo like our logo
and like the blue that we use and stuff
like that so if you want to use that you
can but you don't have to you guys can
be as creative as you want thank you
guys for watching give us a thumbs up if
you enjoyed the vlog give us a thumbs up
if you watched us for one week straight
now if you've never missed it for the
last five days give us a thumbs up so we
know who's watching it we'll see you
tomorrow bye remember when you and
winter live we're doing that and I
couldn't do those pregnant yeah now you
can do it
wait let me drag them over here there
you go we're actually filling up the
other room
