we're on the good morning train ha ha
Joker Joker Joker Joker Jupiter 2 2 on
your right you can see a beautiful wood
crafted dresser with a whale there's a
full-size well over there
coochie-coochie-
coochie-coochie-coochie-coo conjugal oh
good all aboard the good morning Express
all aboard the den morning Express on
your right you can see a monkey hello
monkey
these guys think for the bum they're
very nice of you
it is off Tyne Daly
you're gonna do amazing things
and then there is also a helm
you know the helmets it's okay I just
learned what it is do
chacha-chacha-chacha-chow on your left
you can see the handprints of
internet-famous baby baby Olli and a
footprint whoa dude dude staccato
structure and our final stop ladies and
gentlemen is the poop deck there you go
hey dude
good morning you are I'm gonna put this
on you is that okay
hang on hang on
Thomas all the way through your head to
us all the way through there you are
now we're gonna put this orbit oh oh
we're gonna put this arm in ain't her
other arm dude when our baby there we go
what you want a pop your collar you want
to be all tip or no okay
look at this sharp dress baby look I'm
pretty dang good this morning to go
what's up you can't attack dude you're
yelling at me over here you want my
attention you got it what do you want to
look at I'm trying to box me are so bad
come at me bro come on come on hold me
back mom hold me back what I put my
hungry mouth on you
hey baby you should go check on your
camera it's been in the rice all night
okay I'll take on it is it John
Oh how's it looking I don't know me I
can see yeah look at the screen oh man
pretty of that stuff still but hopefully
they can't see those no I don't know
what video quality they're seeing I
guess we'll see later on but yeah Missy
got her camera wet yesterday and so
we're doing the whole rice for treatment
today oh he had it looks better than it
did last night does it yeah it really
does did you see it last night screen is
really messed up I would not be able to
vlog on this camera I just look yeah
yeah oh no it's better than it was last
night though all right we're gonna put
it back in the rice check out guys I'm
doing it side carrying unlike using my
ego but I've got it more to the side and
I'm almost like it just looks like it's
on the wrong way it kind of does it like
goes along but it's really nice because
I feel like I have like more well I'm in
this handle very more yeah I like I can
do stuff more like out here I like don't
have a big bang right here so I'm
actually really liking it hey can you
even hear anything about washer myself
indoors
party in the bathroom party in the
bathroom party didn't know about you
guys something does happen very often
see I really like this side carrying
it's really comfortable also alright
also you guys I'm so bummed if you're a
mom then you probably know what I'm
talking about
I'm officially losing my hair I
seriously I'm clumps of hair are coming
out I mean it's just disgusting it's
really bad Brian's getting really mad at
me cuz my hair is everywhere he says get
stuck down and I'm losing it like right
here it just so happens like right in
this like temple area oh so frustrating
I going bald it so yeah don't make fun
of me I'm gonna have me some Tazo chai
block to try hmm look at this guy he was
like screaming and like the world is
ending and now he's like I never sleep
now
as he is trying to finish her book she's
reading the last book of the Hunger
Games Mockingjay and she's almost how
many pages you got 100 pages baby all
he's enjoying the Sun in his nursery hey
enjoying the Sun with my son patch rah
rah grab it
come on okay have it there you go there
you go that counts
now pull it pull it go like whee I'm
surprised that this is lasted as long as
it has oh yeah it's go well some
something I just don't look at don't
look at that what up dude when's he
gonna start crawling baby I always work
out right now he's practically at the
gym lifting some iron
so we're gonna do the bed we're gonna
clean up some sheets
I'm feeling like so sick right now gosh
fabric softeners we decided that we're
gonna wash everything so they all smell
good and I really want to throw all my
clean clothes in the washer again to
Washington fabric softener so they're
all stop I told him no I hate taking the
sheets off this bed it looks so
ridiculous
okay this mattress is so old it's
probably like the 70s and we got this
beauty off Craigslist 25 bucks
in 2007 how many years of that it's a
long time you guys how old is your
mattress is your mattress as old as ours
this is ridiculous yeah we need new
mattress we're hoping actually we're
gonna get a new bed soon maybe a Cal
King how much wider is a Cal King I
think like okay like think of it as two
no twin right yeah so if we get a big
big bag right and then you get your side
mm-hmm and then I actually get my son
would I actually get aside or does it
still is it still all your side excuse
me did you know that you actually
constantly like roll on to me all night
I'm like sitting right here and you're
like your legs his legs will just like
be like toppled on top of my body
oh I just ripped hair from my scalp the
cow king should be two queens next to
each other is my area and then you get
your yeah look whose leg is asleep this
time completely gone oh this one yeah
this one yeah thank you don't do that
Leo's weird weird okay oh so ridiculous
it's working out we're gonna work it out
we're good look it out wake up Oh dead
legs are the word they really are mine
are so about you
look like came daily bum swag yeah it
looks like when they get I know this is
so cool my pink a shoe oh my gosh that
is so cool cute haha that's so cool and
I will say this is um six-month right
the smallest you can do but it's pretty
small I wouldn't say that six months
actually might fit in now yeah I would
say this is pretty good for three months
yeah you're nice I don't have a knife on
the city boy are you kidding me
really smell really nice I like heavy
whoo
so oh they are nice oh my gosh this is
rook I am impressed this is like really
good quality boom Danny nice it's
actually really like starting yeah it's
really any other sides or like it's sort
of like a rubber almost but really stiff
and the back just feels really good
boom there is oh man that's so cool yeah
this looks slick too this is the other
iPhone case that we have and I don't
want say this is a perfect time because
actually starting today on the 19th we
have a 15% off coupon if you guys want
to use the code with love you'll get 15%
off your entire order and it starts
today on the 19th and it's only until
the 24th and so be sure to use that code
with love you only have until the 24th I
know we launched the store with a couple
designs and we actually have really
really cool the season so excited he's
seen sort of like the first generation
of it but it's coming and hopefully
hopefully we can get it in time
Christmas yeah okay you're all high
phone case oh how crazy is that
oh and even has his bow ties and see
here it's got stripes in there yeah and
then his bowtie right there has
Streisand polka band is so funny if you
want an iPhone that's the case you'd
rock home he's like yeah of myself so
you can go call all your bitches huh so
we're trying to find
some more special drinks for our new
keurig I really want a apple cider we
found chai latte yes you might actually
cuz she likes chai lattes but she didn't
like the chai tea right kind of shy and
it was not good so maybe the latte be
back got a latte one and then this one
always sucks chocolate I think I just
want a chocolate glazed doughnut yeah
maybe just go get a doughnut someone in
the comments today said you're gonna
think I'm so weird but I don't like
donuts like that's like a gross thing
but seriously I don't like gonna say
that I don't there's just too sugary and
too much I don't like donuts oh I'm with
you whoever you are my favorite thing to
wake up in the morning and drink hot
coffee and I don't know not like a donut
in the morning so bad for you as soon as
you leave smells like Christmas look at
all these little Christmas trees these
ones actually already decorated babe so
you have to do anything now it's cool
look at this happy family very Maine
family well staring at ourselves in the
mirror right now Oliver is crying let's
he's right here
Danny looking himself in the mirror
right there
have you met swaggie do what what do you
think no oh you are too cute look at
this this little guy hey you're cute too
thanks little bit who are yo okay ow
I just put your full ear in my mouth and
how about that hair their hair
everywhere okay I got a loose one here I
have enough falling out I don't need you
pulling it I love her now
sorry cutting it okay I'm drinking a
homemade orange carrot karma made these
before this one actually has almost two
cups of carrot juice in it you have two
cups of carrot juice in this thing and
yes that is my son you hear not not my
little girl
this is Bailey's Walker and sometimes he
likes to sit up and so we put him in
there and he's normally happy but now
you're all grunting we lower lower
it's funny is he found this video of
exercising a baby
you got two more babe I love how my room
looks like an actual child is like
playing and making a mess but really I
just was playing and making a mess with
him Brian is at the gym and Oliver is
mad so until you guys I finally finished
Mockingjay it was weird it's a weird
ending I'm not sure if I liked it or not
I finished it which I'm proud of myself
for doing so I think I might take a
break or my try reading a book I don't
know leave some suggestions of some
books I should read because I really
liked it I think I'm again Ally I think
I like a little more romance and like
you guys want to know my favorite book I
shot you right now hang on this one is
drums of autumn I think it's like the
fourth one of this series I like the
first one
it's called out vendor at my closet in a
disaster by the way hello dad hi
your tired boy huh oh my gosh you guys
he is like so tired so we're gonna I'm
gonna give them a bath a little early
and maybe go to bed a little early if
you're happy and you know it kick your
feet if you're happy and you know kick
your feet if you happy I know it and you
really want to show it if you have to
yeah you know what kick your feet if
you're happy and you know it stare
blankly
if happy I know it's Deb link Lee is
happy I'm you know it and you really
want to show it if you're happy and you
know it stare blankly I had such a hard
workout at the gym John I told you guys
before John is in the Marine Corps and
he gets crazy when he's in the gym we
actually did this thing where during our
rest we did um like planking my hair
I'll show you guys this is what we did
after we were like done with our set and
while he was doing his set I had to do
this I had to basically feeling
and hold it for the duration of his set
it was ridiculous but like my core is
like killing me
you guys know we're like less than 500
subs away from 50,000 I it's just like
when you think about that number like
that's a half of a hundred thousand it's
just really crazy to me I just want to
thank everyone who's been subscribing
and you know watching us since the
beginning we've had people who literally
have watched us since before we even put
a video not on this channel which is
just the coolest thing ever to ever go
support and your love and we just
appreciate you guys every single one of
you anyway I hope you guys liked the
vlog if you did be sure to give it a
thumbs up and if you're new to our
channel we do this every single day we
just flawed our lives doing it oh my
cameras flashing I got a sweet this up
um thumbs up subscribe to my channel
links in description subscribe to this
channel if you haven't already and we'll
see you guys tomorrow bye still flashing
is that gonna die I was curious close
look this is crazy
it look at this you guys do I have it
all over me yeah so cooling I don't know
look at it although that's so cool
what do you think buddy hey he might
actually see real snow actually for our
winter vacation huh
