bringing can take away can you say good
morning happy baby happy baby
yeah you are so rude you never say good
morning to them
good morning boppers
I think some of those okay this is our
son baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things so it
is Saturday morning and I am headed to
start stripping dipose I have to clean
dirty diapers strip clean diapers then
strip dirty diapers I got a big job
today yeah happy baby look who's there
bang okay I think looks fine
it's really long look how long it you
can't get a haircut every two weeks yeah
that's what guys have to do they have to
get haircuts every two weeks I don't see
my nipples - this shirt I mean I don't
know if it's inappropriate just doesn't
I mean it's kind of weird I mean oh my
you like okay here take the baby okay
did you plan this oh I did because
you're making good yeah you have gray
stripes today this is what I'm wearing
so get over it I can see your nipples
though I got a change I bet it's got the
dye
absolutely so change it every morning
and I always forget there we go
oh okay hey hey hey thanks first time
I've ever done this holy under you're
terrified out of his mind waiting
colored mm-hmm we are boiling inserts
all this is is water and a tiny bit of
baking soda we're trying to get them
clean oh I think what happened was I
think that there's le nouvel point yeah
I mean I think what happened is that
there's a buildup of detergent instead
they're becoming really crisp and not
absorbent that's why I'm hoping that
boiling them and like and then like
taking him out and then boiling them and
like washing and rinsing rinsing rinsing
tons of that will hopefully get all the
detergent that's built up in these out
it looks really yellow but they're
actually really white so I don't know
why it looked like that yeah so this is
gonna be my job - well I just put it
over there so daddy did something stupid
huh Oliver I'm sorry boy here I'll show
you guys right now we're using the
honest diapers because Missy's stripping
hers but it was a little big so I folded
it and now his complete backside I know
he's standing up soon we'll shake his
complete backside
covered in pee I'm sorry boy so yeah
they're a tad bit big because we about
the bigger size because we're going to
be using that at the end of the month to
look at this awesome tummy time he's
doing right now he's like you go ahead
so what I did is I folded it down and I
guess you're not supposed to do that
so I messed up I feel really bad because
we just put him in that outfit see I
don't know if that's the proper fit but
they just look a little big to me don't
do that big to you yeah okay then they
don't but I mean these are for size when
you're 16 pounds these are these diapers
start at like 16 to 20 something pounds
and he's 15 and a half pounds so he
figured he'd fit in them after change
you're like lady gaga how many is that
now three and cleaning pajamas that's
three I'm sorry this one's cute doe says
jungle fine yay
take two look at I did you guys I found
this sign that my mom got me it says
poopdeck she found this um and she got
it for us and so I fixed it right up
here where we change his diaper get it
poop dick OOP that poop deck oh it's
funny so I just drained this and let me
tell you the water was like yellow like
that yeah it was gross I think I'm gonna
have to sell my washer and get a
different one but we're gonna I'm gonna
go ahead now and do more boiling water
into this and put it for 21 minutes look
at all these in his very first car ha
this is your car it's a fluffy car
oh hello Karma you come to join the fun
hello Karma why don't you pick a toy for
Oliver to play with go pick it to go go
pick a toy he's gonna pick one out one
Karma's really good at picking toys Hong
karma get which one you want which one
pick one that one okay let's see it oh
this is a big eyed monkey look at this
big eyed monkey here look at those big
ol eyes one more time monkey that says
do you know how a monkey this is it's
the monkey that car-mounted shoot no
karma karma let go I told you to choose
this for Oliver not for you I'm sorry
where where where where where
we kind of do you want to roll over you
want to try rolling over
won't we try rolling over this is like
the most comfortable room in the house
right now this window it literally feels
like it's backed up to the ocean or
something you guys feel so good perfect
room for Olli to play in huh and you
grab this one with your hand grab it got
it it's really cool
Lucy hey how are you he did enjoying
yourself how's tummy time cheating yet
you got a dry mouth but behind your head
he's eating your hair dude this is
pretty cool huh like all the shapes and
stuff oh yeah you're sliding off the
pillow you're sliding off the pillow oh
how about that
thank you so we are at the store at
Walmart right now and I'm supposed to be
doing my diapers but I forgot that I
need vinegar
we should get baking soda then build a
volcano ever did that when you're a kid
yeah actually no I didn't that was a lot
I did make bombs of like soda bottles
and stuff like that anyways we're now
looking at we're we looking at brain oh
yes yes threes
look at me so he's determined twelve
gigabytes isn't enough for me why
because it's but what do I do
is it there you just put a game in it no
actually when you do a game it puts like
a certain amount on the actual system so
every game uses like 500 megabytes to
one gigabyte so you're not like it with
Sandy anymore no you still do yeah so
take the CD out shouldn't it take out
the memory oh hey that's no that's
stupid you can end up running if you
like oh look at this room is for nerds
so if you like put certain games in
there and then you can like run out of
memory yeah that's good
what are you doing there's something
there for you if there's something in
there for you Carla what's in there what
is there you want to get it no we get it
huh it's fabric softener so Missy just
dropped me off actually and now she's
running somewhere with her Madre look at
this sweet blanket we got ooh I hate the
new blanket thing where all the little
balls fall out well but no karma don't
chew on it all the little fluffy things
go everywhere super shake it ah this is
going to replace this blank this is just
an old blanket this one's nice though
and hopefully we're gonna replace this
soon - hey guys guess what I just got a
new couch well I'm totally just kidding
I'm not shopping with my aunt and my mom
there they're looking for a couch and
I'm also hanging out with these two um
we named them Tom okay we're here Tom
and Katie doesn't know what Tom Cruise I
crazy
Adamo she actually kind of looks like
the girl from Glee
the main one I don't know it's kind of
funny but now yeah we're looking for
couches my aunt wants to get new catches
and so we thought way to go hang out
with them for a bit all versus sleeping
forever ever since we left the house he
basically has been sleepin sleepin
sleepin bug look at my aunt's shoes
they're so stinking cute they're like
these cute little boots like what they
called like high toss basically I'm not
sure I think they're high tops but
they're super cute but where'd you get
them clearly want something from
mom buy one get one half off we're
reflections
where's reflections at the mom I'll go
yeah there's kept I'm dying you should
do an outfit of the day okay you can do
that on Instagram you know yeah yeah you
hashtag outfit of the day and take a
picture I'm actually thinking about
wearing this tomorrow
so and I wouldn't yeah I wouldn't do
that
you don't prove that you are - these
look at this bed like me yeah okay the I
would totally put my little girl not
know princess I would put this in their
house like this is just weird
there's even spikes on it I mean come on
so if you follow me on Twitter you
probably saw this because I just did a
little Twitter announcement but there's
something that I've been working on for
a while now and it's something that I've
been wanting to do for the longest time
they just officially announced that I
will have my own channel this is what it
looks like right now it's very
bare-bones oh and my camera is going out
on me so if you guys want to go
subscribe please go to youtube.com slash
Bryan Lanning TV I'll have the link in
the description below so you guys can
click it and subscribe so you don't miss
out babies cry unlocking meow baby is
upset I'm driving and he's not happy so
Mimi got in the back to help him I don't
know if it's gonna help though I think
he's just hungry
look what end up working it is it had to
be the Fox songs that's the only thing
that usually calms him and it was he was
pretty upset there we're home and all
he's hanging out now daddy he did he's
got that finger really in there he's my
finger I get so upset without he's gonna
be one of those kids that doesn't like
it when you tell him what to do that's
how I was I was painting the button
entreprenuer you're so perfect and he
can't be like that I always get sad
but in fact I'm now washing these
soaking these I've got more stuff
boiling I need to get my job done that I
started so we're almost done though
hopefully by tomorrow he'll probably be
back in cloth diapers probably later
tomorrow mmm
we're having diapers for dinner I
thought you're gonna sake mmm diaper
soup no it's just soup and then you say
mmm they presume she ruined my jug where
they possibly even fund her job
is he still cracking up about her diaper
soup joke
I keep doing it over I'm trying to think
what percentage of people watching
actually got that joke not many other
diaper soup um it's just soup okay okay
mmm diaper soup dang it what we're
talking about leaving the comments yeah
okay so me and Brian are going on a
little date night look what he's gone
yeah okay so you know hon this summer
I mostly steal what sunglass sunglasses
everyone sunglasses I steal well just so
we know during the wintertime
I mostly sealed jackets right now I have
my sister's jacket super cute I love it
and later I'll probably be wearing my
mom's and actually earlier I was wearing
brilliance that is is it really look
what we're getting you guys but girl
we've been wanting one of these for so
long how long have you been talking
about this like a year forever
they came listen think email and we're
like we really want one we don't wanna
wait till Christmas to get extend we
won't be able to enjoy it and it's like
November and December are like the
coffee and chai and hot chocolate drink
in months right yeah I mean once January
come this'll be warm again yeah
here's the old one and here's that new
one we got our new keurig all set up I
got it I had to do like the filter thing
with the charcoal filter oh and look
what we found you guys we found with
those cool little carousel things and it
holds everything really nicely so we got
initially we bought butter toffee hot
chocolate and chai so we got tea hot
chocolate and coffee oh and miss you got
a cup
I'll turn on just for this occasion and
I can drink my hot cocoa
okay so you go like this okay put it in
there yeah any closer
hey good mmm really good this is really
hot
should you borrow coffee hey good buddy
house we showed you try now I want to
try it now let her talk
okay I got a new mug - yeah it's
Christmas it's all besties I'm a trader
expense right really mine that's hot
don't touch it there oh that's good yeah
it's really good
hi guy Missy have you seen these huge
bubbles he's making with his lips look
at all that bubbles you're making he
literally had one like a big one and a
pot it was so funny we did get him a
what's it called Johnny jump oh yeah I
know we did get him a Johnny jump they
were all out in the store so we special
ordered it and you think he'll actually
use it like jump look what we got you
guys ingredients for cookies we're
making those benjimantv cookies Inc they
turned out so good and so we make sure
to get the butter and the eggs out so
they're at room temperature if that's
really important and we picked up some
of these Trader Joe's chocolate tips
seriously they're just better at Trader
Joe's like their target chips are
amazing
and of course we're going all organic on
the flour and the sugar which is really
important and a lot of people in the
comments last time we're like just
because it's organic doesn't mean it's
healthier
we know organic just is better gradients
so they're gonna cook better these are
just as bad as regular cookies but it's
okay to have a cookie every now and then
do you want a cookie I bet you want a
cookie you drink milk all day and you
don't even get cookies cookie dough it's
seriously the best you guys like quality
ingredients there's a quality cookie
dough if the clean and you know it clap
your feet if you're seeking Him you
never cut your feet ever happy and you
know it and you sure know how to show it
if you're cleaning you know it's happy
feet oh happy and you know it clap your
feet if you happy enough epopee it
every onion I'll be sure to show it be
happy and you know it clap your feet are
you sure you're seeing all right yeah we
all am i singing that right my version
would it just saved them you know it
clap your hair
oh really the Christian way yeah hey Dan
you know it clap your feet if Jesus
loves you and you know it clap your feet
Missy fall asleep early cuz she's just
not feeling good
I've got my cookie I've got my milk and
I'm gonna be a daredevil and balance as
I go upstairs I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog give it a thumbs up if you did
I'd give you a thumbs up but how about a
cookie cookie up how about that thank
you for watching and we'll see you guys
tomorrow okay Teddy got the light now
ever I'm pretty frustrated right now
it's gonna take me a minute to like
gather all this information in my head
I'm like really frustrated I don't know
it was it was a very annoying
appointment basically my doctor is being
real pain but these are our water wife
we get water wipes you order them from
Amazon no preservatives no smell or
anything like that
oh and actually these are our
