they see me stroll in patrolling they
hate and try to catch me strolling dirty
tryna get some strolling dirty look at
that smile he's giving BB ollie
raspberry notice oh you have to get real
cured in a second huh and frisbees huh
doc you wanted
there's our son baby
boy they're gonna do amazing things
good morning karma okay we got the whole
game back together
good morning I pick you guys Holly what
do you think about being back home yeah
it's so nice it's uh nice you can follow
you kiss good morning man you yeah yeah
boy karma give me back my sock I was
just like putting on my fog and you just
rested it's like I'm out of here
karma fine I'm just gonna put this one
on girl
give me my sock right now I don't have
time to play your shenanigans the stuff
karma like I don't have the energy to
run around no don't rip it up time up
don't make me use my mean voice come
here come here
nope don't trick me no we can't play
with my sock karma chameleon just
bringing it karma karma karma karma look
at me give me my sock no you don't like
a pie drop it karma karma thank you
thank you for my son it's no stopping
what so slippery thank you hey guys so I
slept in today cuz I woke up not feeling
too hot my whole hat is like congested
and something's going on - what is he
doing he doesn't like your sock right
there - bright heart my doubt no boy no
is he really not like your sock
welcome for myself you don't want pink
socks do you boy too funny okay let's
get up come on
yeah yeah well karma calm down
so yeah Missy let me sleep in a little
today well actually like I took a nap
does it count as a nap if you wake up
and then go straight back to sleep I'm
not sure who knows I'm starving
and we got places to go and things to do
you had to get some food huh you came
home from vacation you're all dog food
like I would like to eat me thank you
hi Allie pop hi my lollipop we're gonna
hang out today kay I'm gonna go get our
hair done and you and I are gonna
chillax is that cool all right what your
phone what else is new I'm headed to get
my hair did I am I still don't know what
I'm doing which is really funny because
normally I'm like this is what I'm doing
but I have no idea I'm gonna kind of
hope that my hairstylist is like oh I
got the perfect thing for you and then
she just does it because I don't really
know I mean I dunno I don't want to cut
okay guys I neveri ones like you should
cut it a little bit just to kind of give
yourself a bomb like no I'm not cutting
it do that ever do the mom thing no I'm
not doing that I love my long hair okay
you're getting your long hair everywhere
oh shut up I love my long hair that I
know I've had short hair before I do not
like it I'm not doing short hair I want
to be different so by the end of this
vlog I'm gonna look different this e
salon has a nice spread look at this
look this move cookies hazelnut ooh
coffee sounds really good oh but there
is no coffee how do you do this how's
this work
okay my hair done is hey hairdresser
just put thank you little rainy I'll be
goodness like a reindeer you said yeah I
know it's a baby in the mirror who is
that is it your twin oh don't be shy
this is just the inner herons look at
these things holy moly that's like
something looks like something out of a
video game doesn't it is I'm walking
around with him look at their Christmas
tree it's a white Christmas tree it
looks like oh cool they're doing the
thing when I worked at the restaurant we
had a tree and I picked one off and you
it says like baby doll girl's item and
you buy like what you want and then you
deliver it on gifts presents to kids who
probably want to get any presents that's
a good idea I wonder if we should do
like something like this for the vlog
and for you guys I wonder if there's
like a website or something we can do
I don't know if you guys know about
anything that we can do to like maybe
help other families around Christmastime
let us know in the comments cuz that'd
be cool oh look at this Justin Bieber CD
Star Wars Legos Star Wars action figure
I was never really into Star Wars or
anything like that I was a Harry Potter
kid definitely a Harry Potter kid
alright are you guys ready you want to
see the new Missy it's really different
Missy what do you what are your what are
your thoughts she likes it
alright you ready boom alright so I went
with the ombre but really dark on top
like a dark chocolate we've got some
caramel colors in here boom cool Holly
why should I fix my baby step looking
hot mama thank you see how he just left
we spent a couple hours at the salon
I was fun yeah it's always fun right
well it's so much easier when Bryan's
with me anyways because we got the baby
so um yeah I really like my hair so
they're having like this little like I
don't know it's like a special but it's
like if you spend $75 and then you buy a
product there then you get to go in the
running for a like a drawing it's like a
baja cruise like really cool it totally
bought some hair product and so we went
to the dye on it they actually drawing
on like Saturdays so I hope we win
that's what we need to do go on a cruise
so is that gonna be so cool going to
Baja kidding me cool are we crazy
control an adventure they see me stroll
in patrolling they hey and try to catch
me strolling dirty tryna get some stolen
dirty look at this smile he's giving
tryna catch me strolling dirty
hey what up dude look at this I got him
laying down in the stroller strolling
but he won't stop looking at me come on
dude I know you're tired
hey I told you to work
wha-ha-ha-ha-ha my evil plan worked
grace okay Santa's here a halt this
Tanner outfit on him we want him to go
see Sienna but he's wearing like a
daddy's big guy shirt he's not really
he's it's brown and stuff so literally
look good but he's gonna meet him look
there he is there he is I know him so he
King them all - turning a few things and
Brian totally copied me I'm sorry and he
got his hair done it was getting really
long yeah he's kind of got it trimmed up
a little bit so that it wasn't so long
now we both got our hair done though we
have this conversation all the time and
I need you guys declare that Brian
thinks that jaywalking is where you walk
diagonal and I think that jaywalking is
just when you don't use the crosswalk
well that's what you're doing because
you're walking diagonal not in the
crosswalk and so you're all good no you
say we if we're just walking diagonal
no I'm that's not what I mean that I
mean when you're walking diagonal and
not in a crosswalk oh so I can I walk
not at the crosswalk but not diagonal
he's all he tells me is don't walk
diagonal that's illegal
like I can walk diagonal I don't know
what you're saying you're being a crazy
woman right we have this conversation
all the time and like it's not the other
walked ahead now I'm free whatever so I
guess if he means that we can't walk it
without a crosswalk then I guess that
it's illegal okay so I'm just sitting on
YouTube right now and I was actually
reading some tweets and comments and
stuff and people some people have been
complaining that they don't see our
videos in their sub box anymore I don't
know if everyone's having this problem
or I think it's kind of just sometimes
you see and sometimes you don't but I
have a solution for you guys that might
just work so if you're subscribed to us
check this out
go to our YouTube page youtube.com slash
daily bumps and under it on the right
you'll see this thing that says
subscribed and it will tell you how many
subscribers we have open my camera just
went blurry then it focus there we go so
if you hit this little gear wheel right
here
it'll actually give you a pop-up option
that says you can email with new
uploads' and show only uploads and feed
so if you click right here email with
new uploads'
and then click Save it'll actually email
you every time we upload a new vlog so I
know it's not like a complete workaround
for sub boxes because I know a lot of
people sub boxes if they have a lot of
subscriptions they just don't show up
but it means that you won't miss a video
from us so you'll actually get an email
notification saying we upload a new
video hey Carmen boy how are you you
come to say hi hello hello hi combo whoa
maybe you should clean this room please
put our clothes away make our bed put
Carmen put it all these toys away can
you do that he's working on it karma are
you emptying the suitcase for us you're
such a good puppy so we just got done
doing a video we set up all the light
normally we do them during the day
because we hate setting off the lights
we like natural light and everything
thank you Wow you're being so cute right
now yes you are do you want something
but yeah I really wanted to do my video
I just did a favorites video talking
about a bunch of stuff so you guys
should check it out oh wait actually is
that we didn't like super early normally
I do them like super late but I did it
today and it's not me up till Wednesday
so don't even on my channel yet yeah we
are ahead of the schedule only get her
stuff taken care because I tells her ok
today I'm filming for my channel and
then she makes me go out of the house
and do all this crap and we go home we
got to film her video that's QC right
who slept in today
Brian's I did and then I need to get my
hair done so but I planned my hair weeks
ago just switched my prenatal pill
because you know after you have a baby
so take your prenatal for breastfeeding
and all that but I was taking this
prescription one I don't really like it
I first of all I hate the smell and the
fluid is really gross but I found this
one at Walmart it's by Similac prenatal
and breastfeeding
it's a DHA and it's a regular prenatal
pill I don't know if any of you guys
take this and if you like it about any
problems with it I just don't know if
it's actually a good brand of mine okay
I only sleep in I got him a new outfit
today
the cute lo snowflake winter outfit I
can't help but whenever I go to Rome
or anywhere with kids clothes as soon as
I see the pajamas that's what I want to
buy it's like I don't want to buy him
actual clothes I want to buy him pajamas
because they're just so cute and
comfortable and cozy and that's what I
want to buy him so he's gonna have so
much pajamas by the end of Christmas his
name may be funny so there's a reason
why I don't do laundry because I suck at
it so there today I bought like a ton of
white undershirts to wear would like my
new sweaters and stuff and that was like
I got black and gray and white and stuff
so I just washed them all together and
turned my hair really telling the camera
by turning my brand-new white sweater
and my new shirt that I got for my
channel that had like my channel logo
and stuff on it blue essentially they
both turn blue so this is like a bluish
green I don't know if we can tell so I'm
trying to soak these in vinegar and
water to maybe help that this sucks I
got this from Old Navy it was like 20
bucks and I really liked this sweater
and it was the last one of course so
yeah pretty much turn that blue and I
turned all of my white undershirts blue
so I'm bleaching knows that's no problem
but these are problems so I'm soaking
these in vinegar right now let me know
if you guys know of anything else hiking
to know if you accept an idiot sometimes
but like I said there's a reason why I
don't I don't do this
okay I don't know what I'm doing okay
being an adult is horrible thank you
guys you have been so busy we actually
put all a bed literally which always
sucks because if I put into it early
then I gotta get up early and I'm not
going to bed at the same time as him
which means I get less sleep and he'll
be up probably a few hours anyways we
got ton ton because he's been asleep
we actually clean this mess I don't know
we don't really come in here a lot
because this is like a disaster room
just because there's gues we had things
in here that I couldn't move out and so
now I got a lot of stuff out like this
it's great and there's our chest we've
had that thing for a really long time we
got it out of the store and it's really
cool it's like um like really like
vintage looking I guess you say I don't
notice how some scuffs and stuff it's
got two matching little things actually
fit in there
of course there's a lot junk in there um
but yeah we cleaned up all this it's
just been like a really really bad mess
of course or stole this which is a mess
by the way those were just tights it was
weird
um but you know what I got this done and
that's that is something to be proud
about um the I just getting stuff done
get stuff cleaned up and I'm getting
really really tired I really need to go
to bed because I have to take a bit care
of a baby all night and all day and I
should be well-rested all right I got
diapers going hopefully those will be
done in time how to pretty much stay up
and do those because we're a lot of
diapers just checking on my new blue
sweater oh man I really hope that that
gets fixed as well as this shirt I just
worked that shirt are wearing when I
shoot my videos and how it's blu-ray the
socks just got really dark that for a
second anyway I'm gonna go ahead and end
the vlog it's 12:30 - and I'm pretty
much exhausted we've just been trying to
get a lot of things done that we weren't
able to do for a while because we were
on vacation and whatnot on and mmm
Hey
anyone else got a Pinot yeah anyway hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog be sure to
give it a thumbs up if you did and as
always we will see you guys tomorrow
because we do this every single day you
log every single day with me and this
guy hey Kimmy oh dude so Jeff did you
sit can you do a trick them nope
shake no set shake shake my hand like a
gentleman no shake my hand there you go
like a gentleman all right we love you
guys we'll see you tomorrow bye come on
give it to he'll take it yeah you got
that yeah oh you just want to pay you
won
