good boy they're gonna do amazing things
i doing hey good morning hey dude co-op
it we gotta go home today okay the word
planing the wood stuff hey guys so we
are getting ready to go and pack it up
trying to make it so it's a little more
organized so that when I get home I can
do laundry and I can put stuff away
easily so that it's not like a total
mess um but yeah this cabins a little
bit of a mess we kind of kind of made it
a mess but we're getting ready to check
out but we're going to hang out night a
wild a little bit longer depending how
me and all I feel and then we'll
probably head home but only at this
point
are you sick dude oh I don't know if
he's sick yeah he does seem to have a
little stuffed up nose um but I don't
think he's like as sick as I am yet um
but we'll see hopefully he doesn't get
like super sick like me good I would
feel so bad if he got what I have which
is just it's just really bad but I think
right now I just got a stuffed up nose
he's smile I think it you is a little
one hey babe I think your sweaters
inside out I guess is what happens in
your mom yeah hey dude I guess what
Marty loves you so do i okay I should
get some recognition on that sweater too
so you think I gotta say I will not miss
these stairs
these are freakin horrible to go down in
the middle the night um but I will say I
was just uh walking around the cabin and
looking at stuff and look at this piece
of art that's hanging on the wall
that's our cabin it's got a romantic ah
that's kind of cool it's like I think
it's watercolor was done in the year
2000 that's where we're staying right
now
all H try to vlog lots of interesting
art here as that one
here's an old chair uh case you're like
what an old chair look like I still
think the strangest art is carrot on the
wall guard on the wall it was a cure I'm
gonna make myself some hot chili had hot
chocolate once since we've been here
Missy has she loves the Sun shuttle
right well cook cook cook kind of cool
cuz like the whole kitchen came like
stocked with whatever we want to use and
stuff okay so has that oh here's a cool
owl oh hello ah it's kind of freaky
looking
he can do so caroling and dad done down
to down look I'm in this big old chair
babe
Hey look at this beanie says ollie on it
by golly we did he see the big leather
chair
he's like I'm important again i gay -
hey get it off are you comfy right there
as I caught you
that couch employee oh oh he's fallen
you fall it out how he's falling all
right boy he's like a later tower baby
dude oh that was funny
is that more comfortable all right let's
see this application coming down here
this oh my gosh those stairs I really
think those stairs should be illegal
like that does not look like they're up
to code people were talking this is what
they use in Europe really oh dang I
don't think those should be up to code
like I really think that those should
those are ok I honestly had like visions
even though we do not put ollie on the
ground or anything that all
would like roll down those stairs and
like slip between the wolf slots like
it's scary that's not cool
so yeah this works too yeah there you go
so this is one of the things we picked
up last night at the Harvest Festival
its mistletoe yeah um yeah I just put it
over me and then you're supposed to come
over here and kiss me I put myself under
it so even with mistletoe she makes me
do all the work well apparently this
stuff is poisonous did you know that
poison it don't touch it we had it like
laying near Oliver and someone was like
um that's not safe it's poisonous and we
were like okay now we hate this yeah now
I don't want it in my house so like
romantic and what it's poisonous how
poisonous so like if you eat it or if
you touch it eat it why not you guys
here all he needs kisses I'll I hurt my
head from all the drink what I have
someone just not my head when I move oh
I'm like what the heck I'm here max oh
no max the mayor of Idlewild ie9 wisdom
is his style pack his head for a doggie
Smiley's max the mayor of Idlewild all
right guys just in a final walkthrough
and we are leaving our humble cabin our
humble cabin in the woods and every time
I say that I get scared cuz of that
movie cabin on the way okay but yeah
it's been fun peace and now we are off
do we need this he's only making shoes
oh good boy holding the tissues we
should come again like in the summertime
when it's really nice outside there's a
pool I saw it on the map I know kind of
weird in the middle the woods we're
headed into the Red Kettle super cute
I've never been here I'm a lot of people
talk about it's a it's really awesome
really yummy food here we just got this
licious who this place is amazing so
done there's a chicken-fried steak right
there somewhere yeah we are delicious
toast is like what the ingredients
delicious or that Asian MC breakfast
place
so yeah it's pretty delicious and all
he's sleeping through it which is nice
because it's hard when he's awake you're
trying to keep we should get him a
milkshake yeah
oh my gosh you guys look at there's a
raccoon right there go say hi Missy he's
so cute
I've never seen a raccoon that close hey
is that your raccoon sir he's a rescue
never seen a raccoon like that I'm gonna
show he's gonna show him to you guys
Wow
juanita here
guys I can't
get him attacking my phone babe
it's me blondie
no you don't hire you to be out
blondie
blondie okay
okay just give it to him he'll take it
yeah did you get that
yeah oh you just want to pet you one
more time come here if you say them like
that
ah surprisingly not that yeah oh you see
the raccoon hanging out with a raccoon
totally attacked my camera we just fed a
raccoon you guys it's so funny part of
my dreams just kidding
I feel like my camera is like trash cuz
he was like going for it okay I feel
like I should watch it again so kids is
like oh yeah we should probably wash our
hands though it was so cute though
alright upstairs oh look at these guys
okay what are you doing babe you want a
tea party lots of cool little neat look
at squirrel oh hello
there is a picture of Betty White
holding one of these things what is this
I know this is whenever you don't
it's a dammit doll when everything's
don't go so well and you want to hit the
wall and yell here's a little damnit
doll you can you can't do without just
grasp it freely by the leg and place it
that's my system as you whack the
stuffing out yell dammit dammit dammit
just went through some of the shops here
and I got myself some apple butter which
I'm really excited about Missy got a
little something thumb she'll show you
guys go on come on in gain my whole
vacation
I know cool huh and that guy he rescues
that too and then he like rehabilitates
them and then puts them back out in the
wild and I guess he does that regularly
so he's got a raccoon over there but
that one was named blondie right well
we're heading out of town and is so
pretty I just absolutely love it
I will tell you guys um actually my mom
grew up here this is her like hometown
so she always loves coming up here and I
think that's why I've always like I
don't know it just feels so like
comfortable here when we're out when we
are here we come up every couple of
times a year and stuff but look at this
view we did so pretty
yeah they actually just had a fire they
were evacuated during the summer because
there was a fire that was going to burn
down the town it was like really scary
but they were able to save the town and
everything but yeah look at this those
little houses on Owen yeah it's amazing
oh my gosh yeah and then oh I would have
loved for just Nokia Majan this all
snowy huh so much fun
so because the raccoon was such a huge
moment I had to get a soft raccoon to
remember as a souvenir as a souvenir
doctor raccoon Missy just want to live
okay now Katie Anna's a regret Coon he's
so cute and I will name him blondie or
that a girl is blondie a girl I can't
say him but I ain't blonde he sounds
like a girl so this is going to be
blondie souvenir for the time I got to
pet the right courage was so amazing I
just I can't get over it
oh my god I just keep look at this
picture that's a real raccoon right
there
Ollie was a little carsick I think so I
had to give him a break
by the way can you hear yourself at all
oh that's so weird so we just pulled off
on this turn out look at this view
nice my buddy
Oh God mighty queueing company oh yeah
I'm sorry I'm sorry
no it's like Oh bye ollie hi so buddy
okay hang on hang on
okay okay hi we're home and karma come
here I think he's kind of mad that we
left him for so long come here boy no
that's not yours turn on to play with
that you know that come here I got you a
treat do you want it it's in this bag
it's in this berry cheek there's your
treat okay oh this okay you white
squirrel squirrel hang on I haven't shut
them off this one's a peanut butter
truffle looks chewy and delicious you
want this one boy bit okay hang on oh do
you like it it looks delicious
dude oh yeah yeah all these are like
homemade they're like made out of um all
kinds of like I don't think Oh me sweet
potato um okay the good stuff be a
squirrel penguin and a min yeah you want
one more okay now I have to unpack I've
got two suitcases full of clothes unpack
I've already started a load so I'm ahead
of the game but I hate unpacking I love
packing like I'll pack and I love it the
unpacking that I want to freak out about
and I never do and I'll leave it there
for like weeks oh all he what are you
doing hanging out he missed his mean II
mean II was so excited to see him oh man
you guys I've had the most amazing nap
today I was just so tired and I don't
even think I sleep that good at night
because I actually didn't have a baby
and so Brian helped me took over I just
filmed a video actually so if you want
to hear all about oh that's all about
you go check that out on my channel but
now he's a little bit yeah
even bad so we're gonna give him a bath
this fast help and it's kind of his
bedtime because it's natal also I did
mention a huge giveaway on the all about
always video so go check it out so you
can check out the giveaway it's like
huge they've got like tons of prizes
it's always bedtime and it's definitely
mine too I need to get better I have to
rest so I can get better
so I don't sound like I'm going crazy
although I don't know if I sound as
crazy like on the video as I do like in
my head cuz like my ears plugged up my
nose plugged up and I just feel like I
sound ridiculous but I don't think I
really sound that bad ya ready all ready
for bed I'm gonna go ahead and the vlog
Brian's editing like crazy tonight so we
will see you guys in tomorrow's video
bye oh oh Christmas
you can count on I'll be ho
if only
