look what we woke up to you guys this is
our thermostat that's what the heater is
supposed to be set at and the other one
that shows you what the temperature is
in the cabin is stuck past here past a
50 good times all right
is it cold are you doing near change
guys with me this is all son baby
they do amazing things
apparently our heater broke last night
it's freezing we had a little space
heater upstairs though so us and Oliver
warm but then I came down here and I
could see my breath and I was like oh
crap
but I called the proprietor of this fine
establishment and he fixed our heater
apparently our pilot light was out I got
hot apple cider going this morning I'm
gonna make some waffles and sausage I
think miss she's just waking up now with
Oliver make Missy some hot cocoa she
loves this stuff the Swiss Miss turn 20
because the Swiss Miss kind is the
powdery kind in the packet that you like
put in your hot water but now we
actually have K cups of it - oh look at
this you guys this is quite funny I did
the vlog last night the Internet in this
cabin is so ridiculously slow the upload
speed is like hardly anything so I
uploaded it last night I think I started
at like 10 o'clock and we went to bed
and I just sort of watched it throughout
the night to see what where it was going
the whole thing uploaded its
uploaded already but of course I can't
like do like a thumbnail or make it go
live or anything at least the vlog
uploaded like I was not expecting that
that's crazy good morning good morning
my little chunk a monk Hey Dude what's
up there it is good morning guys we're
up it was a pretty rough night I guess
you could say I have like the most worst
headache I I think I just I'm sick and I
got sicker over the night and it didn't
help in a cabin was kind of cold as you
can tell I'm sick but I mean it's not it
wasn't too bad hey good looking for my
socks where is the sauce so yeah we
slept in this bed up here um and we have
a little space here which definitely
helps I made it toasty warm up here
almost a point where like if you to warm
it it turned off and then be freezing
but then we woke up to this this morning
we realized the window I look it's
broken and so it's actually open and so
freezing cold air was blowing on me all
night I know I sound like I'm
complaining but I'm not like I'm really
enjoying it here and everything it's
really pretty
and I was a bit rough so hopefully
tomorrow night won't be so bad and this
is really scary to go down at nighttime
it's so scary
daddy mocking you
yeah just love it hmmmmm he's hanging
out in his little rock and play in the
kitchen I'm cooking so we got good
old-fashioned toaster waffles that's it
there's a mountain breakfast here we got
waffles sausage the knee Anna's hot
apple cider this little guy's keeping us
company hey he did and yes we're sitting
at the table look at this table it's
that just don't sit in that chair
that's chairs kind of funky you ready to
go say where are we going now all right
so we're leaving the house I getting
sicker as the minutes go by so that's
really fun um but yeah we're going out I
love this little area though it's so
cute like there's even a little gazebo
you see over there there's like a bigger
you know it's like netted oh really
well chairs stuff that's cool I imagine
like in the summer you probably like eat
out there yeah yeah like do a little
picnic and stuff super pretty here we
got our peanuts that we picked up
yesterday hoping that maybe we will be
able to feed the squirrels today but
we'll see if we can find the out skinny
around but there's usually big old gray
squirrels uh mrs. don't care I know
funny story last year when we came to
the tree lighting we parked right in
front of this as well I guess baby Jesus
dorable eight pound infant can barely
even hold his head up baby Jesus lookout
cute this is I bundled him up and he's
in here a little bit lighter huh it's
like a big baby yeah I know you're like
a big old baby we're going into mountain
paws since we couldn't bring karma I
think we should get him a treat so this
place has some really yummy like
homemade treats for dogs
look at these two
penguins like this is a squirrels
squirrels yeah we have to get them
squirrels I know if you're like those
ice cream cones gingerbread man is so
cute
they have doggy scarves it's so cute oh
my God look at this a beautiful mocha
this beautiful kid this beautiful girl
and beautiful Internet's
finally have internet you guys we're in
the town square so it's more connected
and so we're at this coffee shop
it's called higher grounds get it cuz
it's like coffee grounds and we're up
high in the mountains did you know that
hey little buddy
he's doing pretty good in his stroller
huh he's like a real boy now
oh my gosh this is like the best latte
ever oh my god you guys okay so if you
don't know the mayor of hydaburg is a
dog who wanted her over there and I
can't see them I'm so excited I haven't
met them yet
I meant there's a new mayor yeah these
are the new the other one passed away
sadly yes and we actually went to his
memorial but that's actually an alarm
you guys can go watch it but here they
are my gosh this time see the kid in
Portugal Enrique MERS really cry and
they are not focused no no no no no
Morgan hey hey good to see you
first time this is meeting the new
mayors yeah this is Missy with a beanie
and then that's my teachers rip friends
beating up his head right on my head
that was so funny
you think any parent leafy like Joshua
mayor back ii it's got a little fail in
school this is the mayor mobile this is
what they ride around so those were the
mayor's they're so cute so it's actually
they were voted in as the mayor's they
get a two-year run after the cheers is
up then they can run again if they like
but they are the official mayor's as of
January I think 13th so that's so cool
politics has gone to the dog just
strolling through and check it out guys
see this tree right here that tree is
gonna be all lit up tonight they're
doing the 50 is a 53rd 53rd annual tree
lighting we were here last year and it's
really a mate that's like the biggest
tree in town we're grabbing some lunch
at this restaurant and look it there's a
train oh that's so cool
no just looking at it and I was like I
wonder if it's gonna start moving and
now it is it goes all the way around
this restaurant that's really cool Missy
how was your lunch it was really good
Missy had a very good lunch um the
waitress forgot to bring my lunch and
then after Missy was done eating she was
like would you like the check and I was
like oh never got my sandwich fine I
dwelled okay it's just amazing yeah whoo
there's music over here you guys playing
the cello the cello yeah it's so cool
picked up a numbing sandwich and a
Triple X root beer back to the good old
cabin here he is he's not feeling really
well so we're gonna take a break and see
if she can get a nap in home sweet cabin
home sleep cabin hey tell me time hey
Olli
hey you so good on you tell me now I'm
just chillin with baby Olli we're up in
the loft area
mrs. taking a nap up there hey hey
and the Internet's actually working
right now that's pretty rare got a nice
little nap I think I slept for like 45
minutes maybe an hour felt like 10
minutes because I was so exhausted but I
think it was good then this guy joined
me hi Hey
you're so funny all right so we're back
down in town but we definitely gave up
our prime parking spot earlier now we're
like Whittle yeah we're like really far
away and there's like tons of cars and
this whole road is now shut down where
we were like parked in town earlier so
but it's not that big a deal is a nice
little walk and this hookup careful with
it there's balls me you know how last
night we're gonna um this C's favorite
is my favorite place well we can it go
last night and so I called earlier try
to get a reservation and they're booked
all today so my calls
even like thinking way ahead we thought
oh we're gonna be super prepared and
call it like four and then maybe they'll
have reservations for like seven nope
nothing nothing nothing nothing the best
restaurant here though yeah I think it's
one of the most popular is on the way
out yeah maybe we'll do lunch there
tomorrow but we're going to find
somewhere else but I mean everything
down here everything here is pretty much
amazing it's so delicious here
yeah oh these are like all iconic for
books you know Whoville camp half-blood
Emerald City this is really famous like
lots of people put this to say where
they live like oh yeah it's like their
last name is out and look at Hogwarts
okay so everyone and their mother is
here to see Santa right now he is right
there and the line goes oh Santa it's
gonna end mrs. Claus mrs. Claus is here
tuna gang I don't know if we're gonna
make it whenever we're here I miss
normal these doggies everywhere look at
that one with a sweater on oh my gosh
look at this way your dog amazing this
is the place to be you guys right by the
fire pit all year yes he's eating some
amazing chicken rice soup huh may you
take my jug ones enjoy it's a good view
of the tree oh say bye to that balloon
guys
I'll be home before Christmas you can
count on me I'll be home for Christmas
if only I really into that for a second
you guys see that hey cutie pie the max
is as we call them as decreed that you
should all have a Merry Christmas and
that all Ricki is freezing up there he's
waiting to flip the switch and nine
seven six
oh my gosh that's buddy
heritage you guys
they are
check it out you guys we are right under
the tree this is what it looks like big
old tree
cool huh oh I didn't realize that
holy moly look at this - guys it's like
a tangled mess that's so funny
it's so cool hey dude
you want to wake up sleeping he's all
like why are you doing out here
hey hey hey isn't this cool you guys
this huge Street this is probably the
streets probably like what do you say
like five stories tall yeah at least
it's humongo I mean look how big that
thing is so we're back at the cabin and
I'm definitely getting ready to go to
Pettit I'm still like tired but first
I'm having some pumpkin bread which is
absolutely delicious I mean I don't want
a couple myself but like I make pretty
dang good pumpkin bread hopefully
tonight won't be freezing cuz here's
fixed and it's actually pretty toasty in
here so that makes me happy maybe I
won't be sicker in the morning all he's
been really liking it lately when I sing
to him silver bells silver bells it's
Christmas time in the CD okay well he's
not doing that face he normally does he
shows off those big gummy got let me see
up everything there is any big here we
go never get a big will you quit kicking
me bro come on alright guys it has been
a long day I'm traveling up the stairs
scary stairs but yeah it's just been fun
just to like relax and vacation vacation
is fun you guys let me know in the
comments you guys what is your favorite
vacation spot it could be a local thing
it could be something you travel to
every year or tradition or something I
know I love Idlewild it's one of like my
favorite anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog please give it a big thumbs up
if you did and I just want to say that
the internet here is ridiculous here in
this cabin it's like a black hole of
cell service and in
so it's actually been kind of nice
getting a little break from our phones
and I'm just getting to like enjoy that
time with each other so that's all I got
for you go hug someone you love and we
will see you guys tomorrow bye Hey so
yeah we um we're gonna be an idol for a
couple days
and we rented out this really nice cabin
it's actually really not what do you
think of the cabin babe it's cute it's a
little not baby friendly I say like
first of all D yeah this okay let's give
you a tour of the house of the of the
cabin okay first of all I left my key in
okay so it's raining
