hey what are you doing down there hi
check him out you guys he's totally
chillin all right you guys are you ready
ready for the tour so first I guess we
should tell you where we are
I think I think the bomb very nice of
you
this is on Sunday me
it's gonna do amazing things
fire fire fire fire there's a fire the
living room you guys
like a like a really nice cute warm
winter fire that's where the fire is
supposed to be added a chief
oh yeah and yeah it's a fireside log oh
snap got some hot apple cider this
morning and I am making the ultimate
turkey sandwich the turkey sandwich is
like iconic in America after the day
after Thanksgiving you're supposed to
make a turkey sandwich and some people
put like stuffing and mashed potatoes
and cranberries and the I I don't do
that this is how I make my turkey
sandwich it's amazing
white bread mayonnaise cranberry mustard
on this half it's amazing this is from
Hickory Farms that amazing leftover
turkey fresh ground black pepper there
you have it you guys best turkey
sandwich simple amazing so go we'll go
north
oh there's karma coming at you of food
I'm the best boy in the world right now
those are mrs. pinkpaws socks all right
guys I'm getting ready yet to go we're
like packing and everything's a
disasterous mess I want to show you I
went out for Black Friday last night and
I got all a couple adorable outfits and
I just can't help but show you guys so
this is what about it's so toasty warm
the hood is like so company it's like a
um like a bear off but I guess you could
say see hopefully it fits him that
figure dude yeah she fit oh my god
you're warm
so are you like that and even the inside
is the same texture as the outside which
is cool and then this was so cute um
he's like a reindeer outfit it's got
this adorable hoodie as well everything
at carter's was 50% off so I was like
super excited so I got this one
and it's so cute you can be nice and
toasty warm wherever we're going and I
think that's everything I hope I got
everything I hate like if I forget
everything anything but I also hate when
I over pack because it's just not
necessary you know
yeah Missy's ready for like a week I'm
in charge of technology so I got to make
sure we have the iPad phone chargers the
vlog batteries the laptop Missy and I
are sharing the suitcase tell me how
this is fair first of all you get the
fat bottom part of the bottom of the
suitcase and I get the top half and it's
not even really hot that's like two
thirds Missy all right Carmen we gotta
go you're gonna be okay you're gonna be
able you gonna be okay without us boy
hey and when you take care of everyone
okay all right we'll see you in a couple
days okay karma will be back karma back
in a couple days you guys gonna be okay
girl up well we're off and um we are
packed I'm hope we got everything of
course so I'm sitting here like going
over everything making sure I caught it
all it's just hard we have a baby and
you're just I just don't want to forget
anything but I've got like a rock and
play is boppy I even brought his bass
there is a Donny jump as you can tell
I'm getting sick well I mean I've been
sick but I say neither getting over it
or I'm getting sicker I don't really
know but here's another clue as to where
we're going
Oliver is playing with it oh by the way
we moved him to this side because um
well we just have too much stuff and so
we thought for now you can just go here
and Brian actually gave another clue as
to where we're going on Twitter and he
said we're going to somewhere that
starts with an i D where are we going
I'm like Oh cute boy I just love this
nobody yeah
so we had to grab a couple things from
Walmart and we didn't only think about
it but it's Black Friday I don't know if
lack Fridays everywhere but in the
United States the day after Thanksgiving
is the worst day ever to go shopping
last night on Twitter
Walmart fights was trending now because
and people were uploading video and
pictures that people liked brawling over
yeah $199 TVs yeah so this is like the
worst day especially when we're not
going there to get something cool we're
going there to get like makeup and some
water bottles and like this is not the
day to go to Walmart and do that but we
need this stuff that went surprisingly
fast look at there's a lot of people
there's a lot even here and the lines
are actually really fast so I was really
happy we got our stuff and right here
liming up a mountain right now
and our ears are popping like crazy and
we're sick so it's probably not going to
be very fun by the time we get up there
but all these sleeping so I'm hoping it
won't really affect him plus he's not
sick so hopefully he's not going to be
crying when we get there really looking
really pretty I wonder if you guys know
where we're going at probably a lot of
you know by now I just can't wait to get
there we got about another 15 minutes
and there's like a there's a big rock
over there
that's like kind of a landmark of where
we're going look how pretty this is I do
love it I love the trees and the colors
and everything I hope it snows I want to
just go so badly I don't know if it's
gonna snow though mostly hey what are
you doing down there
hi take him out you guys he's totally
chillin all right you guys are you ready
ready for the tour so first I guess we
should tell you where we are this is
Mayor max and he's the mayor of this
town but now we are actually in I do
wild now Idaho a lot of you said Idaho
though that's really funny a lot of them
were like so sure we were like
vacationing in Idaho 100% sure we were
going I know it's like that's like a 15
hour drive with a kid in the car um
probably just take a plane there hey
so yeah we um we're gonna be a night of
wild for a couple days and we rented out
this really nice cabin it's actually
really not what do you think of the
cabin babe it's really cute it's a
little not baby friendly I guess you say
like first of all D yeah this is okay
let's give you a tour of the house of
the of the cabin okay first of all I
left my key in okay so it's raining so a
little cold and rainy all right so this
is our cabin and this is sort of like
the place that we're at and you go up
these scary steps hello okay thank you
and so this is right when you enter the
cabin you've got some nice seating over
here this really really yeah there's
orange carpet okay there is on carpet
okay I'm also a really nice desk I mean
that I don't know someone probably died
while sitting at this desk I may be that
maybe that's where I'll do the vlog I
don't know um and then living room over
here where baby Ali's chilling they do
have a modern TV I'm pretty impressed
with that know like DVD players no TV
what we're roughing it babe come on no
this is a this is this is gonna be
really fun to have a nice little living
room section over here we have a
fireplace which will probably start
there's a fire all ready to go
yeah there's there's some really weird
items in this really weird decor then
you walk into the kitchen which is cool
we got a full kitchen let's do it we'll
show you what we got in the fridge we
got some essentials in the fridge that's
Thanksgiving leftovers because you know
we think singing was yesterday
we're not missing out on those leftovers
so this is our dining table these oh man
don't sing sit in this babe really cool
art up on the wall show us some carrots
I know this is a cool kitchen and we did
bring our Keurig didn't come with a
carrot we brought our Keurig so we have
nice hot chocolate obey those cards I
definitely can't do all those puzzle so
this is downstairs and then he's like so
happy right now just chillin on the
floor hey buddy he's like I love
vacation yay thumbs up for vacation hey
we have a closet here which has more
games there's more games up there
he loves games and then this is the
bathroom okay so got a tub we got oh the
light there's a light in here what's up
guys umm sink toilet the toilet did not
come with pee in it I peed when we
entered and she was like uh you peed
right I'm like yeah so check out these
stairs you guys I don't know if this is
even like legal okay guys use a baby
okay yeah they're really scary they're
really close together climb in the
stairs and it's like old fashioned it's
like I know it's really cool you can see
down there hi baby ollie and then up
here we have this cool little loft area
where our bed is Brock the rock and play
for ollie and then this is where we
sleep it's really I really really like
it it's cozy that's what vacation is all
about home we got a cabin in the woods
Oh remember that movie this is our cabin
this is where we're gonna stay for a
couple days we're gonna have some fun in
the town and stuff and getting all
settled in Macy's got our hot chocolate
so I decided to start the puzzle I'm
gonna try and get it done I think puzzle
for if on vacation I get a puzzle done
it's like 500 pieces and all yeah you're
gonna let me do a puzzle though that's
the only thing puzzles are kind of hard
to do when you got a baby all right babe
check out this spread okay so I got rice
crackers and there's new flakes
um ham sausage beef sausage smokehouse
no regular cheddar and then this is like
that vegetable cheese that cheese is
really really bomb yeah we picked up
that um is a Hillshire farms Hickory
Farms yeah pick we pick up that Hickory
Farms locks at the mall and I've been
like looking forward to it forever
because I love me some Hickory Farms I
got like all the mountain snacks jerky
trail mix I've been working on this
puzzle for like ever
okay and I finally got the edges but as
you can see those some missing pieces
so I started counting all the pieces and
after putting it all together there's
supposed to be 500 there's 321 pieces
here that's like a lot of missing teeth
that's not what are you how do you even
see I'm just saying when you pick up a
puzzle is a very slim chance of it even
if all 500 pieces right no I was I was
really into it
look at this fuzzy wuzzy bear you look
so cute a little uncomfortable
okay pretty chilly outside so I put him
in this he's not too happy I just have
one thing to say coldest toilet seat
ever we are just getting ready to go out
to dinner we were gonna go to Missy's
favorite place it's like this little
Italian place but they didn't have a
reservation till like two hours from now
so we got another restaurant though this
little guy look at hey oli bear
he's ollie there now you naughty bear
all right go away so we're headed to
actually I think Brian's favorite places
for your favorite place I really like
this place yeah it's super cute it's
really lit up really nicely
and it's called the gnome so Q you walk
into here it's like pouring rain I know
it's not like this were tomorrow if it
was colder it be snowing
that's true okay see my yeah I know I
know
kid damn what a living here do you live
at the gnome you don't you holly bears
waking up oh hey dude
how is your Nia I cannot get over how
freaking cute he looks babe that was a
really good fine hi what's up hi the
last time all he was here he was how big
this big eating green bean
we like them might actually like green
beans babe they're not gross
come on I think that's what we all about
vegetables and meat that might serve
well it's not gross mostly waitress
tasting salt and butter this is quite
possibly my favorite restaurant you guys
I got chicken parmesan really really
good Missy got a fillet which looks
amazing and karma her I just called her
sudden karma that's why it was about to
happen okay he is getting a little
cranky I think he's a little hot in
there do you feel a little hot pain they
do have a fire going over by the edge of
the restaurant so Warren anticipating
that it might be a little hot
thanks dolly it's like what up headed
into this little tiny market to grab a
couple things
this little teddy bear yeah it's so cute
I literally left the restaurant and I
was holding him on my shoulder and
literally four tables were like staring
at him and they're just like oh he's so
cute
heavy there oh dude this little market
small town markets are always so fun yes
we got peanuts in case we have squirrels
he go squirrels in our cabin not an art
cabinet maybe
in our cabin no that would be
interesting you guys know last time we
stayed here where there were squirrels
everywhere fatum that's when you were
the size of that peanut inside your
mommy's belly do you remember that star
back at the cabin and we're gonna start
the fire start the fire
bye hopefully we don't burn the place
down is what I would do I know okay
I lived on that this is all I lived
actually when I was dying ever tell the
story about when I was young and my
sister put her shoes and for the
fireplace I tripped in front of a mic I
am like this I had like burns on my
hands the longest I was horrible okay
it's supposed to be crumbled not like
strip yeah that's probably gonna no I
don't know we'll see mmm
fire you created fire Brian I have made
fire what do you think of the fire buddy
you make that fire baby all he's like so
transfixed at the fire it's a little
fire going though all right guys I hope
you enjoyed today's vlog it's exciting
because it's all of us very first
vacation you see and I got some ice
cream from the store so we're gonna work
on this chocolate brownie chocolate chip
cookie dough Joe good news we're gonna
have a ton of fun tomorrow um let me
know in the comments who thought we were
going to Idaho me somewhere I guess yeah
I don't I do i but anyway we will see
you guys tomorrow
fine you see there is my gotta laughs
you wanna kill
