get all the way around I don't think
that's really what it is
some of those okay his lifetime baby
do amazing things
good morning guys it is a beautiful
Sunday morning and Ali is there need to
get ready ready get ready for the day I
don't know how long he's technically
allowed to wear the candy corn outfit
but it's just too cute yeah just too
cute not to put a minute I don't know
we're gonna change your diaper and get
you dressed okay yeah yeah Ali's wearing
stripes like mommy oh don't go any stand
up um today I don't know if you guys
have noticed but this sink right here
does not have knobs so we're actually
getting the stink installed on this side
so that Bryan gets his own sink I can
finally have my own space and he can
keep his nasty dirty spit that he spits
on my faucet I don't spit on your faucet
it is it just happens I mean it comes
out like I love it I'm very excited for
my own sink I'm gonna get my own
toothbrush holder my own toothpaste and
I'm gonna get the cap on every time I'm
done with it you know why I've actually
done way better I actually do it every
time he never does it that's not true I
guess now we'll actually be able to
compare because we will have two sinks
and it's gonna be a competition we will
compare we will compare you guys and I
guess we'll know where to put our dirty
diapers sometimes we stick our diapers
that would Brian refuses to take out the
inserts do for a little while and then
yeah so now we're just gonna have to
take them out right away you hear that
Brian you have to take them out right
away and those dirty diapers in my sink
this is becoming like a major like weird
like fight that are like I don't know I
put on a different shirt that's the same
shirt
but you should be wearing stripes cuz
we're going strikes today if you didn't
get that memo
um I only wear stripes on Tuesday
um Sundays we wear stripes new
chalkboard design what do you guys think
let me know in the comments it says it's
beginning to look a lot like Christmas I
know it's a little early I know we're
probably gonna get all hate but it
is beginning to look like well it's
actually we live in California so I
don't know if you guys know but it will
never begin to look like Christmas
because it's sunny and hot here all year
round well not really hot but nice and
sunny so I don't know if it'll ever
start to actually look like Christmas so
we have to make it look like Christmas
oh yeah fine it up line it up boom new
chalkboard yay thank you guys for remote
you guys are great reminders
you're always like when it comes time
you're like change the shot blog we want
to say a new design there you go
also check this out you guys plumber
just left and I got a brand new sink
look how it's way better than Missy's
she's gonna say that out loud this is
missing my sink
they're a little taller and I do have my
own toothbrush holder and I'm totes
getting my own toothpaste and this is
gonna be my side probably gonna keep the
pink blending you right there you know
pretty secure in my manhood keep the
bunny why should we named the bunny you
guys ever think I think the pink bunny
needs a name
leave in the comments what do you guys
want to name this pink bunny he's got
like a purple bowtie and yes it's a heat
it naturally pink bunny is a guy so he
needs a guy named he's got pink tail
white paws white ears I've been walking
around like this and I just noticed it
oh he got me good
did he get you no you just walking
around it Kathy is attempting to go up
the stairs on the wrong side we thought
this I was small try going up the stairs
this way Oh God oh the way hangout I
gotta get a view from down here oh wait
oh wait your knee is scared like
three-quarters of the way halfway
that's how I was feeling
oh my gosh you guys thank you so much
everyone who has been you know checking
out our store and buying t-shirts you
guys are so awesome if you guys don't
know we just opened up a new store so
it's all redone we've got tons of new
designs and different colored shirts and
all kinds of sizes and it's just like
totally brand new but not only do we
have t-shirts but we also have iPhone
cases and iPod cases I think he just
released Android cases right yeah we did
Android cases this morning cuz that was
like the biggest thing people are like
no I want my s3 s4 and wow we are team
Apple team iPhone I was like we gotta
show some Android love it's in this doll
so yeah and if you also don't know all
the Carmen designs which cuz we just
released a carbon design which is so
cute and I absolutely love it and I
really want it but anyways if you buy
anything with a karma design on it all
the profits go to the horse ranch I've
been helping out at so we maybe will be
able to actually do like a daily bumps
horse or something like that and be able
to help out all the little horses who
have been rescued and stuff so all the
profits for any karma designs go
straight to the blue pearl project the
horse ranch that I've been helping on it
if you guys haven't checked it out it
will be in the description below but
yeah it's really cool cuz you know I
mean like I said before we were doing it
all ourselves and now we're not doing
that but it's a little bit easier
because now shirts will always be for
sale faster yeah I just get to focus on
doing
what I like to do which is the design
also and November 12th is the last day
that you can use the code early 22 if
you use that code you get 20% off your
purchase which is pretty awesome but
they actually made a huge order last
night so we got iPhone cases coming from
me and you yeah I'm sure we got rompers
for baby ollie so yeah I know Ollie pop
is already asleep we were in the car for
like six minutes
he's obviously we are running into
tarjay cuz we're actually going to a
birthday party for a one-year-old what
do you get a one-year-old I don't know
like usually be like a fun toy close
close I don't know what are we gonna get
on he's one year old a new car can they
drive in those little car things yet
take the toy ones look you guys
Christmas Horniman I guess our
decorating for Christmas babe yeah we
totes can look at they have all like the
like sweaters and like pajamas and stuff
remember when your we decorated like
really early we did it like almost in
October it was like for Everton or when
it was Christmas we were like finally
and I bet we were so happy the entire
time cuz you're surrounded by colour and
smells and joy yep whoa
look at those all those sexy legs this
is cool babe
look at that's nothing electronic it's
all like tangible they can touch it
mouse mouse what's that kids happy that
kids happy that kids sad why is that kid
sad oh that kids mean oh it's this one
this is a cool big ball look at this
phone say what turn the wheel to move
the ambulance Oh
okay well I can only go there so pretty
sure everyone's gonna die hey baby I
feel like this is the only way that I'm
ever gonna have like a whole beard and
mustache am i right
this is pretty nifty I like the snail
get the snail misty works really hard in
coordinating the tissue paper with the
bag with the toy making sure it all work
is that enough fit in there baby
there we go
you think she'll actually open it yeah I
mean look at this mini little pizza guy
it's like a little mini little alley
it's like an alley size pizza you still
sleep
I sleep like 20 hours day you got a
little pizza - she got boring cheese cuz
you're boring sometimes yeah she's okay
but you've accepted that you're boring
right have you here you go baby Ollie's
very first party hat oh my gosh it's
staying on him even that's so funny
it fits you good buddy it's a good look
for you I think is like the coolest
thing ever or you'd rather play when
he's older though it's just so cute they
got like a big thing area now we're
gonna try and get all these stuff you
gonna do green hey buddy my son just do
that Holly what are you doing in there I
remember I used to play these all the
time all we'd go to Chuck E Cheese may
have a ball thing and I like jumping it
it was like the coolest thing ever
alright Missy and I are gonna play some
hardcore mega four and a line what is
this game call for what four in a row so
I go first
because I said so this is really hard
this is a hard game oh my god hey look
at Coraline and her cute little rainbow
too - she's got a magic wand even
yeah okay yeah this is happening
is that cool buddy oh my gosh there's a
dog Missy really delicious sweet they
have this is actually Oreo we worked
baby Olli out pretty good is a sound
asleep now that's so funny
totally he's got miss cake pretty much
over it you see we got some really weird
party favors we're not quite sure what
this is holds out as he thinks it's a
game I don't think that's really what it
is do you guys know if this is let me
know if you do in the comments today
like it maybe it's candy what is it try
it
no it's just paper I just saw the new
chalkboard it's so pretty
Brian we need to decorate do you like it
yeah it's not so cute I think that you
could do more with it
um you know I was thinking about just
going simple and then you know adding to
it some frosting on the window maybe
some snowflakes big Christmas tree like
so it's like frosted like a window by
the way I've sped up right there and
it's been about me maybe you doing
you guys baby all he is so vain he's
looking in the mirror right now and
totally checking himself out yeah pretty
huh really impressed with yourself there
huh yeah buddy like okay that's pretty
stinking adorable all right guys I'm
gonna call it a night we're going to say
good night good night all you boppers
huh auf wiedersehen goodbye if you
haven't yet go check out our new merch
store daddy bums merch calm we have
iPhone cases Galaxy cases shirts thank
you to everyone who has been sending
donations to the blue pearl project
thank you to everyone who's been doing
to that and buying karma cases all those
proceeds are going to them as well
you're just amazing every single day
like I read your tweets and your
messages and it's just really awesome
you guys you guys are pretty cool do you
know that is it pretty cool uh but
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
give it a big fat thumbs up if you did
and as always we will see you tomorrow
bye that is too much
don't do it Missy
ladies and gentlemen my wife knocks your
door okay
beautiful gonna fall
if that is a glass bottle of salsa that
you are gonna have to clean up
