good morning guys Missy last night
started talking about how she wasn't
feeling well and she was getting a sore
throat and then I naturally woke up with
a sore throat and a stuffy nose that's
just how it works sometimes but she
brought me hot apple cider and it's
working beautifully if you ask me I hate
being sick baby oli raspberries no
terrific oh you have to get real cured
in a second huh and frisbees huh doc you
wanted there's a Sun baby good boy
he's gonna do amazing things
whoo good morning guys it is a really
nice day oh are you playing with the
toys camera button O'Brien told you but
we're sick so sick this is not like the
flu or anything but I just have a good
terrible sore throat and Brian seems to
be more sick than me I think I might
have a better immune system so maybe
I'll be able to fight it off better and
faster but um well basically really
worried about this guy but that's what
breastfeeding is so awesome about he
actually is eating taking it a lot of my
antibodies and fighting off the fire is
probably before he ever will get it and
that's why actually a lot of babies like
their whole family will be sick the only
one who's not sick is the baby that's
breastfeeding actually I may have had
this virus before I even had symptoms I
mean he's been having to fight it off
before I've even shown these symptoms
because I've been I've obviously been
carrying it around for a while hopefully
he doesn't get sick that would be really
really neat I'm having both parents be
sick and a baby that's not because we
breastfeed that's pretty cool
the day before Thanksgiving and we all
have stuff to do not really any breaks
even though we're sick no breaks for you
mom I gotta find an outfit well don't
you look adorable
look what happily picked out and they
wear monster outfits after Halloween um
I'm gonna say yes because you look so
cute I don't really care and it's warm
and it's fine look at all they playing
this little flower
he got that flower in her citrus Ling
box and he's loved it ever since it's
crazy you it matches your outfit your
little monster today you may be always
getting festive he's listening to some
Michael Buble Christmas so yeah good
morning guys I woke up not feeling too
well
and Missy also I guess you got me sick
babe you know that right but yesterday
Missy picked up these cool little window
clings and we got no flakes snowman and
so we're gonna decorate our mirrors cuz
Missy complains that we're not Christmas
yet oh we need to decorate
well that's what we're doing we're gonna
decorate how's it gone well the eye and
his nose came out I can't get him on oh
look at this Missy got her snowman all
set up and some snowflakes was the hot
oh babe that's the top of his hat yeah
this little white ball thing that's the
top of his hat yeah the Missy's got her
so my mother blue cap and I got my
snowman with a green cap Nonie a baby
snowman like surgery my seam would be
good at this she watches a lot of Grey's
Anatomy I feel like I want to eat this
no it's like gummy
we're so fasting you guys there is you
guys what should his name be oh we got a
name my little snowmen so what do you
think my snowman's name should be leave
it in the comments and then what do you
think mrs. snowmen should be is yours a
man or is it a girl it's a girl so
Missy's is a snow woman I almost forgot
to say Happy Thanksgiving you guys it's
Thanksgiving for you well and those in
the US do their Thanksgiving I'm not
like what days it is we're so ignorant
things in other countries I really don't
like it but yeah Happy Thanksgiving to
everyone in the United States at least
that we know for sure if it is
Thanksgiving over there then have
Thanksgiving to you guys to you know to
take you reading the United States Oh
don't speak dude that's not how you do
it
you're doing it wrong check out this
sweet tripod it actually like bends
around stuff so I got Missy's camera up
here she's gonna shoot a casual Friday
video with Oliver I just came in my head
huh
it's casual Friday here on pumps along
the way and you know that means hey we
like dailyGrace can you tell I know this
is really cool so I have her camera set
up here and I think oh it looks good
they move it down it you're right in the
center that's so cool cool all right so
you film your video and I'll get out of
your way okay okay can you see okay um
yes but no you're good it's casual okay
just keep it cash
just keep the cash you know just keeping
a cache here we keep getting our car
every day and every day we get in it it
stinks just a little bit more and a
little bit different it's so disgusting
I don't know what is in your our car is
not even that dirty there's like a few
like little items like all of his items
in the car um like the boppie and is
like maybe a burp rag like nothing gross
in here I don't know where the smell is
coming from but it it smells absolutely
rotten and disgusting and
it's so it's so bad it is weird and it's
like I don't know if it's food you know
or like something is rotting if
something is definitely brought in here
I don't know where though I look
everywhere it looked like onto a seat
and like everything I don't know where
it could be we're just trying to like
tear this car apart and see if we find
it so I just did that a couple days ago
a car got everything out of it I know I
don't know it's really sad maybe there's
some groceries in the back that we never
brought we're trapped like really don't
get deeply especially as we're about to
go on vacation we're taking our car and
I really don't want to have to get in
the car every time and be like oh my god
I'm gonna die oh yeah we we haven't told
them over going again oh when I went on
vacation nope you gonna tell you guys
tomorrow we are driving there though so
there's your clue we found it you guys
oh my god we found we haven't opened it
but this is food we don't from where it
was a place and they put stuff in here
umm was I irritated because they took it
away from the table
was it Karl Strauss oh my god Karl
Strauss when did it go there you guys
when did we go to Karl Strauss this is
the food we just found it under like a
blanket oh my gosh that's so gross I'm
surprised it was smelling more that must
be like wasn't like two weeks ago
that's pretty crazy this is pretty rot
in here I don't even want to know I
didn't want to see it I just remember
what's in there my macaroni and cheese
that had really good macaroni cheese
yeah it was like it's milky and cheesy
it's disgusting
Oh God Oh No
that's so cool look all the Christmas
stuff we're finding already you guys oh
okay okay
we are gonna deck out our place for
Christmas you guys are gonna be those
people I get all festive and stuff
hey babe look it there's a bunch of cool
mugs over here look at this you guys
it's Santa stuck in a chimney that is so
that is weird
oh the things you find at a thrift store
you guys look at this a tequila pinata
yeah weird we just bought a air
freshener so hopefully that nasty rotten
smell rotting mac and cheese from Karl
Strauss smell will go away is somebody
because Missy had to go into the store
approve which air freshener we got take
a picture of it and then show me so I
can go in and buy it
it seems very sensitive smells if you
didn't know this alright so Oliver is
four months old today right four months
old and we are at his four-month
doctor's appointment and they just so
happen to be playing one of my favorite
shows The Incredibles
he's just sleeping well the doctors
gonna have to wake you up so you're
gonna have to get up anyway so he
actually made it 14 pounds 14 ounces
which I told Brian cause they know our
tails a little bit off right swore he
was 16 pounds now and then his height is
24 inches now so I guess that makes him
in the fiftieth person know it in the 25
2015 - so he's a little bit short you go
sweetie
yeah don't be a shorty but his weight is
in the 50th percentile so yeah he looks
good and the happy baby mom huh hold it
no you got to hold it there you gotta
hold your nose there
hold your nose there
no it's gonna be fine
don't aah you chicken out and look Oh
ours Santa's gone you guys he probably
took off I was telling Missy I was like
we need to get him his picture taken in
France Ana but he's wearing like this
light green monster out there he's got
his little Mickey sticker on though he
was I want him to meet Santa so bad I
know you really come on you look at that
face no now he's look at he's doing
three fingers normally it's just two now
he's working on three look we found out
that Coke machine you guys actually has
a game on it a matching game don't be a
tough Fanta pip cope oh yeah you know
what they do they make you play this
game for that by the time you're done
you're in the mood to buy soda good
turtle in that was a good push you guys
we did it we got them all high school
new high score Deborah get your high
score oh man we have been so busy today
doing all kinds of stuff just take
dinner and stuff but we got all kinds of
stuff for Christmas so we are going to
officially degree I'm so excited but
like I said we bought a few things um
from savers um which is the best place
to buy Christmas stuff because of this
time of year Christmas stuff is so
overpriced you should go to the the
Turks garb and you find all kinds of
cool things for sale so yeah
look at these socks Missy got it Old
Navy reindeer
I'm celebrating my feet are you been
celebrating Christmas and we had to grab
some warm clothes at Old Navy
well maybe was having 40% off today
apparently if you go before Black Friday
it's like almost better deals oh yeah I
didn't even I didn't even look at myself
in the sweater miss huh like yeah just
buy it it's good it's but are you sure I
looked okay yeah I like it yeah so we've
got a few things for um because we're
going to bite down in addition we need a
hashtag for our winter vacation like DB
family vacation Phoebe winter vacay DB
winter vacay there you go all right went
to vacate
be winter vacay are you I wish you were
coming we really wanted him to come we
keep we almost got him too but we are
officially starting to decorate I got my
big box of all kinds of stuff that
there's some real treasures in here you
know from like the thrift store from
when we first had like our Christmas
just like us there's some weird stuff
and agate Ellie I think our main goal
was to find the ugliest Christmas
ornaments one year but we'll get to that
later I got Christmas music going and
next I gotta find a Christmas scent it's
gonna smell like Christmas in here
spiced apple Reid I mean that that
sounds like Christmas oh yeah okay
evidence my mommy here yeah I told you
me I will say this though I am NOT a fan
of Christmas trees that come in a box I
am a real Christmas tree girl you don't
go
they don't go everywhere they just stay
in one place no I hate fake Christmas
trees but one year it was like the
cheapest tree we had and so this year I
was like we're getting a real one but it
turns out we're just gonna go ahead and
put up this one at least for now maybe
we'll end up getting like a little one
for our room mr. Oliver dad give me to
my Tenjin guys what's all this about
Christmas okay I'm gonna get man me to
make you Christmas festive okay Han
there we go that's better huh no more
monster outfit now you would like
Christmas yay great Christmas it oh look
at you doing trolls is like look what I
can do we put the tree together hey yep
you look really strong holding a tree
obviously it's extremely light as your
fright flopping it around why
like 50 million look at this we put this
here I think it looks really pretty here
come on again
like a spot it's a good spot for it yeah
yeah I don't like the lace yeah I don't
think I like it either
monk so we have this tradition when it
comes to our Christmas tree what we do
is we essentially put up the tree and we
try and see how much stuff can we get on
the tree so yeah this is what it looks
like it's a little eclectic got lots of
cool stuff all on it but I think it
looks pretty good
we got garland going around the
fireplace Missy wrapped up this poster
like a gift it's like a big old present
yeah that's pretty cool we got some
stockings greenery random stocking right
there oh look check out this you guys we
got mistletoe hanging above the bed what
can I get up what what we're all done
we'll then I mean no no I pick up
something else yeah baby Olli is
enjoying bath time don't you dude hey so
yet tomorrow is Thanksgiving for us but
I hope you guys all had a fantastic
Thanksgiving click that thumbs up if you
ate way too much and as always we will
see you guys tomorrow bye
your father and I we've had good times
and we've had rough but there's one
thing we've known no matter what lies
ahead if there's no roof over our beds
your
Oh
eeep go to sleep I'm sorry I disturbed
them
I only hinted to karma that I might go
outside this is where he is I'm ready
are you ready oh man he is excited oh my
gosh okay okay I'm gonna sit down you
gotta give it to me come on hey
oh my gosh that and all that water
that's it the whole back now
