and now I have to try and get my
soon-to-be two-year-old out of this
bounce house Nev I'm already definitely
not like hair people I think it's gonna
turn out I'm really really excited yeah
look do you remember when mommy prints
me I was thinking about getting money
back and playing a prank on her should
we do that
good morning boys we just caught a cute
moment of them being cuteness you're
such a jerk
good morning guys we just got out of
church didn't we hey Finn he's just
playing with you he wants to go play you
want to go in the bouncy house I'll show
him what you did in in church today
that's so cool and it's a cross
that's so cool do you know what the
cross is for it's a symbol of Jesus
that's pretty cool hey babe we lost our
baby
he just ran into the bouncy house
there's no getting him now it's such a
good morning this morning everyone woke
up early and we got ready and with the
church and now I have to try and get my
soon-to-be two-year-old out of this
bouncy house then what are you doing hey
there mister oh whoa you fell right out
didn't you are you okay yeah okay you
want to go get some food yeah these kids
are probably hungry
he's just toppled right out of the box
all right me and Carolyn are at the mall
today and I did spend most of the day
here yesterday again but I'm Carolyn is
coming to the murder mystery party that
we have tonight I don't know who told
you we're really excited about it and so
we're here to look for a few things for
Charlie so I'm super excited we're gonna
do a little bit of shopping and then
head home and get ready for it all right
we found a bunch of really cool stuff
and we're so excited to try it on we got
to get all ready now you guys do our
hair makeup it's gonna be a we have got
a whole setup here we've got a few
different dresses that I ordered on
Amazon so I wasn't sure what I would
like we've got all kinds of accessory
this I am so excited and we were
definitely going all-out some boys are
playing I think we're gonna go ahead and
start on our hair it's gonna be so cute
we'll see how it works out though all
right so we do not know exactly what
we're doing we need my mom right
definitely not like hair people so we're
really trying to like do it how we did a
little bit of research on like YouTube
and we're trying to be authentic we are
so basically we were like taking these
little tiny curls curling them toward
her face then wrapping them and then
pinning them you know to her head and
gonna let it cool completely before we
let him out I think it's gonna turn out
I'm really really excited to see how it
looks or how it turns out but oh I think
it's gonna be fun oh my gosh you're like
a little pin-up girl I really hope it
turns out we still have no idea I think
it will we've got its braid and it's
gonna like put some heat on it before we
let it out gonna be cool I'm excited
hey oli do you remember when mommy
pranked me with a snake and I got me so
good
I was thinking about getting my back and
playing a prank on her what do you think
should we do that so I really want to do
something with the snake can you help me
all right Olly where should we put the
snake to prank mommy in the bathroom
where in the bathroom to it what that's
your idea you really think we said I
actually think this is genius
Olly because when mommy goes to the
bathroom she's gonna open the toilet and
the snake is gonna jump out in her
should we do it
we should probably use a fake snake for
safety purposes
hey Finn are you excited to prank mama
yeah do you think she's gonna be scared
what do you think she's gonna do when
she sees a snake no all right well we
have tape and string we need a snake do
you boys know where snake is yeah do you
know where it is Olly
okay let's try and find it
oh yeah there's the snake this is the
same one that mommy pranked me with huh
so now it's payback time all right Holly
I think we should use this bathroom okay
and we'll tape the snake right in on the
lid how about like right here so that
when she opens it it like looks like
it's attached to her hand would that be
crazy okay let's set it up and set up
the camera we are taping the snake to
the two little ads all right so I
grabbed a couple extra cameras you guys
getting ready for the party Tara and
looking snazzy we did that that's so
cool yeah scary here
isn't that crazy Olli you got it it was
all his idea
good job dude
dude we did it
feeling you excited to watch back that
but did your mama it's really really
bloody hot toilets will never be the
same in our house again that's all I'm
thinking nothing is sacred
okay okay
so basically mommy and daddy went to a
Halloween party
right so me me a pop out here so right
before
what kind of Halloween party was it's a
Roaring Twenties like a murder mystery
oh yeah you got a look at their
Instagram yeah so yeah watch the
Instagram so you can see all the fun
stuff I don't think they've logged it
but they aren't instagramming it so make
sure you follow them on Instagram and
we're gonna get our calendar and then
we're gonna go take our bus and go to
bed okay can you tell me why it that
counted oh it's so scary it's a no
that's a nice one okay so what do we do
all right so what's today I think it's
the 15 okay so can you get that one Papa
will help you all right there we go
let's see what color we have so open it
up and get and get Finn one say Popeye
help me thank you for you Finn's not
very out of picky you bumpkin range one
wouldn't look at all he's got for you
what do you say thank you all good job
okay so real quick before we eat our
candy can you tell them what they need
to do
