I think I found something to get a
giggle out of Oliver ready see with you
is it cold are you doing me a change
side with me
this is our son baby
boy there's gonna do amazing things good
morning guys we're having a breakfast
making party in the kitchen this morning
but seriously like we all want to
definitely miss you wanted french toast
I wanted hashbrowns I'm gonna throw some
eggs in there I got muffin in the
toaster and what what what what is this
what is this little gut hello hey what
do you do is watch it ice I would like
my hand for breakfast you want a side of
toast with that hand No is that it now
they have me some try lot tighter
morning because that sounds pretty
amazing too voila Namie hot chai latte
this morning oh it's hot yeah we flew
through that hot chocolate so fast
there's none left on there Missy how
many cups were you drinking a day like -
hmm allows delicious okay so here's what
I'm doing you guys I'm making the
scramble thing let me know if this is
different in other countries but here in
America we just put the hash brown and
then we just throw the egg right in
there and just like scramble it all
together I think this is an Idaho thing
I'm not sure but we definitely did the
salon it really and yeah if you like are
really craving to throw some bacon or
some sausage in there like some green
pepper or something but it's just like a
really hearty breakfast looks kind of
funky now but yeah I don't know do you
think they do this in other countries
like I was just thinking the other day I
was like I bet if we go to another
country like every food that they have
there it's gonna look weird to us you
know we're gonna be like what the heck
are you eating but then I think about
people who watch us in other countries
and are like what the heck are you
eating you know that's so weird
hey guys so we are getting ready for the
day and look at my room it is like a
disaster the laundry I've got a messy
bed with friends working on I've got
more laundry to fold but I gotta say
it's like all a controlled mess I guess
you could say like okay this is the
laundry that's the dirty
eat like like garbage trash your shoes
she was nineteen put like yes so like
everything is like controlled via a
complete disaster we have to get things
hey cuz we are not raising I clean
that's what Colette always says she's
like we're not raising a clean house for
raising kids look at it this this
exactly why I phoned that fifteen
percent
I had a charge in any way see you had it
plugged in all night and it wasn't
yeah I wasn't then hey I woke up was
like is that guy fifteen percent was
like what it was turning all night what
are you doing
why are you sitting like that hey give
me an eye on the front door that what
you're doing you feel funny
so we woke up to a little bit of a scary
situation this morning it was freezing
so we turned the heater on which we
hadn't done yet if you don't know yet
where people were the kind of people
that like to save money and we don't
turn the arrow when we're close to we
don't turn the heater on what we're
supposed to but we try the heater this
morning and we woke up a few hours later
to a really really terrible smell so
like the whole upstairs right here all
down there and in all our bedrooms and
stuff um was just like it smelt like
poison like just straight-up poison I
don't know what is going on we had
obviously turned off the heater
immediately and we aired out the house
and we went downstairs for a while but
yeah it just stunk
we don't know I don't think it was like
carbon dioxide so obviously that's the
first thing is like carbon dioxide which
is really scary in the winter I think it
might have been an issue with like a fan
in like rubber or something I don't we
still have no idea we're gonna have to
deal with it but it really we won't come
we're like oh my god we gotta get out of
here so get this Missy and oli leave and
then I'm little still in bed and then I
got a text maybe an hour later uh-oh hey
you should probably stop sleeping in
that room it's not true that's not true
I'd say Brian we have to get up let's go
you're like away didn't come with you I
texted you an hour later you were like
okay maybe I should go get him no that's
actually not true at all I texted him as
soon as I got downstairs in sobriety
down here and then about 15 minutes
later I finally came up here to get him
don't I make me I'm trying to like kill
you ever as long as your priority is him
and a like a situation that's fine
no one cares about me yeah we I'll just
get poisoned no I
oh my gosh you're making this sound
really bad but it really wasn't that bad
baby oli is sound asleep in his crib in
his nursery so that's cool he was just
really tired we actually had him in the
bouncer and we're about to vlog him like
bouncing and being all happy but then he
fell asleep so we were able to put him
asleep check out these guys I don't
think I ever showed you these these are
two little elephants that my grandma had
and my grandma actually had an entire
collection of like elephant and like
jungle themed things like when she
picked a theme she really went for it so
we have these two elephants and I guess
it's actually customary or good luck if
you have like an elephant something in
the room that the trunk faces the
doorway so we have these up on our TV
and the trunks are facing the doorway
just to give us good luck maybe baby oli
will sleep for a while we'll be able to
get some stuff done so I just stuffed a
bunch of diapers and all of them have
now double inserts or a pre fold in them
so I'm hoping that might help otherwise
we all start waiting for hemp inserts to
get in I'm really done using these
puzzles I don't wanna use this Wuzzles
anymore I want to go back to cloth I
just need to find a better way so they
stop leaking think that my problem is
that they just weren't absorbent enough
and that he was peeing a lot and they're
leaking like every 30 minutes to an hour
I can't change diaper every 30 minutes
or every hour but we're gonna test that
out so I just did a bunch of diapers in
the middle of doing my hair but I just
I'm gonna try and give him the binky and
see if that helps think I gotta go back
to sleep but I don't know how long it's
gonna last
god I like to sleep yeah but I don't
know he looked like you is kind of half
asleep half awake so we'll see I got I
finished my hair though if I can finish
my hair by the time he's ready I feel
like I feel like I've accomplished
something though it's not a few things
of laundry to do well I made it to about
the point where I got my hair done and
then you woke up like nobody's keeping
from me I'm done I'm gonna be awake so I
got about almost an hour almost an hour
ha oh yes now it's time to get him ready
for the game I think I found something
to get a giggle out of all of it ready
video hmm this day can you grab that
thank you
ready hmm I actually heard like a little
giggle it was super cute hi well oh you
got your citrus Lane box sweet it's such
a cool box like it has cutouts from
moustaches oh dang who picks for happy
babies would you do it okay this is
actually really cool too
this awesome company called X s XS x
rays x rays they do on like accessories
for cameras and stuff they actually sent
us a wire why I Phi Y why I say okay you
plug this into the DSLR and then we can
get into lit with our smartphone or the
iPad not for you cool like a lot of
stuff in here a cool tripod oh they're
wanting one of those I know I'm a
monopod another model
it's a monopod it's awesome shout out to
accessories for hooking us up with that
they literally just sent it to us for
not they just we're like you guys are
doing a great job and we want to send
you cool stuff that's so cool
no okay look at this you guys hey like
this hand like monopod thing and we were
like oh it extends so now you get like a
really wide view like riding horses and
I could just be like hey totally wait
let's see if we can spy on baby Ollie
it's maybe Ollie doing a little baby
Ollie that is really cool
Bryan should I get some of these no why
are those here oh they didn't know why
are you associating anything sold at
Walmart as being an okay good stuff
Austin and Brittney just tweeted that
she was four centimeters dilated so
maybe by the time you guys are actually
seeing this she might have her baby in
the hospital right now so cool we know
we know his name we knew forever go yeah
I guess a total coincidence too because
there about the Hat baby whyne oh and
we're about to make caramel apples get
it oh they're gonna have a little
caramel baby it's gonna be so cute oh I
can say that cuz I'm so cheap
don't Brian Athenian he can be the daddy
sock monkey it's so cute you have to be
a reindeer that okay I'll be the
reindeer here for the Grinch Grinch did
you hear that sound that was the Fashion
Police
all right guys I never understood this
but around the holidays people like to
put antlers and stuff on their cars and
I checked that there's no there's no red
nose which would have made it cooler
about misty things that we need to put
antlers on Nessie
I think it's kind of weird I want a new
or recent or everything
somebody wants reset listen no a reef on
the car look at these sweet new comfy
socks miss you got what are they made
out of ooh what that really nice well
your foot feels like butter all right we
got our apples all skewered up with
these big ol skewers look at this little
skewer now we're gonna put these in the
fridge and then we're gonna make our
homemade toffee and our homemade caramel
is it caramel or caramel what do you say
no my mom says caramel you say caramel
caramel I say caramel what do you guys
say in the comments let me know caramel
or caramel see it's funny cuz you write
it out and then I'm just gonna say it
the way I say it Brit and Austin just
had their baby boy Thailand and they
just put up a picture look it I know it
just happened all so fast crazy that's
so cool big adesh cute little baby
wicked buddy make a new friend
Thailand Austin Knoll
I knew it Austin yeah that's cool so
that's awesome
congrats to Austin and Brittney can't
wait to meet him when can we go meet him
I don't know I mean come on it's really
tough and I know I guess what you have
to do is get like the sugar water up to
a certain temperature and we bought this
fancy dancy see and it actually works
yeah I guess it does it emits a beam of
radiation we learned that after we
tested on this is for hey yeah that's
awesome range 225 was about 235 now
there we go that's the toffee just two
guys no this thing did not work in the
end it just couldn't get up to the right
temperature our thermostat or
thermometer oh look at this
it's getting all super sick and stuff
candy is really hard if you like don't
do it right then
oh that looks weird okay cake to fluffed
up did I again what are we doing wrong
did you see that it just like it turns
him like a caramel and then with here we
go three times to try we tweeted Byron
he said we might have stirred the UM the
sugar too much and it like crystallized
we're a little worried look at all he's
already out he's like you guys can't do
it I'm going to bed just buy me a
caramel apple almost eleven a brownish
caramel ish okay and the brown butter
okay
there goes too much I don't know so you
look at Nancy pretty into mush and there
it is ladies and gentlemen look at that
what the Frick oh my god what oh you
guys what are we doing wrong sighs okay
here we go
can I add the brown butter no no look at
there it goes there it goes again
there it goes again right and we're done
so yeah that was pretty much a disaster
four times in a row I don't know what
the heck we did wrong we followed the
recipe exactly as it called for I know
Candy's hard and of course we're not
professionals we're just trying to have
fun and do caramel apples you want to
know who the real losers are though
these apples in here sitting in here
just waiting to be caramelized now we
have all our toppings this is how we get
to eat them now butterfingers I'm an
amateur over always like I could have
told you guys that you obviously don't
know what you're doing
he's like you guys should just chew on
this carrier thing on me huh Karma's
like oh is a good night cuz you can I -
damn boy I take for watching anyway I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog be sure
to give it a thumbs up if you did as you
know we put out videos every single day
so subscribe to our channel so you can
see what's going on in our lives and
and how we're handling being a new
parent and living our family and all
that and you just leave the reason you
want me to sleep in the bed tonight
don't you thank you guys we'll see
tomorrow by the cupcake and you split it
in half just like that and then you put
it on top of the frosting just like that
and then you eat it like this
perfect Clark Iceman would not often
that's pretty epic way to eat a cupcake
go let me laughs just like you did the
same exact thing when your mama sitting
places and ever get to unlock the door
