karma can you say good morning and give
me my rubber band right now give it a
good to me
I told Cassie this morning I needed
another rubber band and so if you gave
it to karma to give to me and now he
won't give a trick give a drink
ah ha hi good
whoo yeah baby all he likes raspberry oh
you have to get really scared in a
second huh some frisbees huh duck you
wanted this is our son baby
they're gonna do amazing things
now you might owe magaz the game is over
good morning guys we are doing a bit of
babywearing today um Oliver just wants
to be warned thank you
you do oh you're shy today good morning
my friend little friendly yes friend
what that's not the right log yeah
that's what Joffrey says no how do we
start this vlog we go good morning guys
it's a beautiful day here in sunny
Southern California that's how we start
our walking but I always want to say
that every time I said the blog good
morning my friend Leah's friends cuz
that's how he starts every single blog
so I know I know we probably have a
couple friendliest friends in the
comments right let me know I'm gonna go
hang out Jim's house and you know lift
some heavy things and you know run a lot
no going to the gym but I got my banana
blueberry green smoothie which actually
is blue this morning not very green but
still very nutritious really is a
beautiful day here in sunny Southern
California I get stuff done and I really
wanted to put this baby to use and I
really really like it's definitely
really easy on the background was I'm
don't even think I'm having any pressure
on my back like say Harry took a little
nap in it didn't you all dude did what
you want what you go with the body which
one would you want with my body what you
want what you want with my body I feel
like her musics getting weirder and
weirder
it is diaper day this comes every three
days I gotta do these diapers I gotta
step out here the grass is wet and I
have socks on my chest don't bad
neighbors and Mama is so beautiful out
today like the most amazing weather
I wants to play you want to play hi I
mean throw that for you hang on diapers
alright hang on me so hard to bend down
on this thing
mmm here we go
Eddie great oops this thing completely
just ridiculous we yeah I don't know if
that's really my fault I think that's
your fault you chewed it up too much it
doesn't fly ah look at this is what
happens when you have a green smoothie
glass and you leave it in the car for an
hour while you can work out it makes it
all growl picked up a post workout buddy
Oh some Chipotle I know I feel like I'm
cheating on free birds but they're
nowhere near me this he's going out
shopping but he's being rather fussy and
this seems to be the only thing it's
actually putting him to sleep don't I go
empty Kassie going because when we put
him in the car he's actually quiet and
he falls asleep hi buddy post-workout
burrito time karma thinks it's his
burrito but it's not no this is my
chocolate burrito so I did something a
little bit different this time I
actually got um what Chipotle calls so
freaked us and it's a tofu option it's
the same like calorie fat protein wise
actually like made with roasted like
vegetables and spices and tofu and it's
actually really really good flavor from
the tray I'm back at Singers and this
time I have my stroller that has cup
holders because when I take yeah I don't
think today but when I'm with my mom we
take the other car seat in the other
stroller so I get to have cup holders
I'm looking for boots and I'll tell you
why later
surprise yeah this has a lot of flavor
you guys so Freitas at Chipotle super
good it's like really really spicy a lot
spicier than the chicken would be and
there is karma
whenever there's food there's Karma honk
ah ah he's like I'll just sit right here
and yet when you dropped something I'll
nibble it up real fast Kate go back away
back away bro back away from the burrito
the post-workout burrito
well savers was a bust I couldn't find
any boots especially the kind that I'm
looking for mommy's trying to film a
video and this guy is just too grunty
huh and we don't have the greatest mics
in the world so they pick up everything
so he was just wanting it up well the
mics weren't Jack you'll go back and
when it's time to demonstrate kay come
on Syd you might be nice you know okay
no more look at this nope good dirt it's
okay guy yo grunty here's maybe not some
farts check for farts okay we have some
parts in here so squeeze it down just
like that
hey you think that's funny Hey left the
legs
uh-oh got some Sun oh there's one the
funny then the one-legged Oh
got a big one there he thinks it's so
much fun
don't eat your feet don't eat your feet
don't eat your feet don't get your feet
all right you got all the far top oh
there's the big one that was funny huh
yeah okay so I just finished my video so
that should be up go check it out but
now we are headed to a top secret
location
I'm really excited about this I've been
looking forward to it for a really long
time
and so we're gonna go there right now
it's kind of like one of Missy's dreams
right it is so a dream I want I want to
live in a place like this you guys know
where I'm going in here we go guys top
secret location where are we going
she's figuring it out do you need help
there we go putting her to work thank
you ma'am
look at all the horse what does the
horse say MA I guess you're just talk to
him in Morse code anyways so yeah we're
at a ranch right now I am gonna hang out
the horsies and maybe actually start
like like volunteering working here and
like getting to ride the horses and
stuff it's actually a rescue horse ranch
so these horses have come from either a
situation where they've been hurt or
maybe they were starving so this is kind
of like a rescue where they kind of help
save the horses and bring them back and
where they live happily and I want to
have horses one day so badly so yeah
this will be a really great experience
and I'm excited to like get to vlog
about it and talk about it maybe you
guys will get to get get to know the
horses with me so that would be really
cool really beautiful out here and
there's like chickens running around the
Sun setting so it's kind of bright over
there I don't know if all he's ever seen
a horse oh and look at this one sticking
his head out thank hello is how what you
do
you're gonna get their hand Oh what do
you think Olli that's a big creature huh
pretty horse that's what they sound like
that's what well he was I sound just
yeah is that his name we forgot we
forgot hey we forgot you munching away
so is there anything like story along
with them like over y'all got a story
well in this case the the woman was
infertile until just this year had two
babies oh so then she and her husband is
in the military and he just got deployed
to Japan so she would be alone taking
care of four babies yes he's missing
children
so she's thinking of moving to Japan
with him and so she couldn't keep her
horses so they're well taken care of
those are inside it we've got it but we
got others you know like another one
that would be good to sponsor is this
little parable over here she's a good
little rider going in the back here yeah
she was going to be added by Animal
Control Riverside they called us up
we've got two horses that have been on
death row for about four months and if
you don't come and get them then we're
gonna have to put it down so we wouldn't
got in that day that's so great that you
guys have that opportunity to rescue
horses like when we rescued 13 from a
rescue in LA Wow and those 13 days we
put down by animal control
sorry I like the light-colored once I'd
lost you
you guys got a lot of volunteers or you
guys me more we get we always need more
lucky dog
hey there look at these eyes you guys
she's got like one albino uh-huh she's
half half Husky half Shepherd
oh hey puppy interesting huh look at the
little chickies ollie they're little
baby chickens Oh
all the horses got their own little
signs so this is gunner I really do like
the light it's so cool this is Roxy look
how beautiful you are
oh my god oh my gosh she's so precious
roxy is beautiful though no meetings I
look at all the horses oh yeah they're
all eating do it take it take it take it
oh my gosh lookit they're all underneath
they're all under there the pony why
people think ponies are just baby horses
but they're an absolutely different kind
of horse come here pony my mom used to
have a pony when she was younger
hi you're pretty we're gonna bring some
carrots next time yeah for sure look at
the coloring around it that's so
interesting I think these are big
creatures this place is massive to it
like reaches all the way out and it goes
over this hill into like their own
little reserve and stuff so 12 acres
yeah lots to do lots of work and help
that need to be done too and it's
expensive to take care of basically I
think that you said there's like 75
horses here yeah
75 horses nuts that's a lot of money per
day to have to
take care of courses and all that just
like need love and attention and you
know yeah oh all he needs love and
attention so I think I found my horse
you ready Missy this one is Missy hi
Missy there's a Wolfman so nice to meet
you
my name is Missy oh gosh these horses go
from about to be slaughtered to then
being rescued and winning a war yours
yeah I guess they have three champion
horses here that um have just been like
going to competitions and winning and
stuff that's and they're like they were
about to be killed it's just so sad yeah
that's nice babe that's title so tiny oh
my gosh I'm so excited about this like a
new little adventure I get to go on and
obviously it's hard Oaks I have a baby
so I have to find like certain times I
can actually do it but I'm really
excited I mean this place sounds like a
really great place and I mean it's great
to have your own horse but I mean if you
could help a horse that's pretty cool
and I mean they have this great program
where you can actually sponsor our horse
and you basically get a horse it's
basically it's not that it's yours but
it's the one that you come and you can
ride anytime you want great to still
come down and volunteer and help out and
it's just such a cool thing you to do if
you can't afford your own
you know place with land or if you can't
afford to take care of your own horse
but you can come down and help a horse
that I need to be rescued and help and
thing is that I just I have just loved
animals and I wish I could like I really
seriously when I was a kid I always
wished I could like have my own pound
where I like take care of all the dogs I
go home off dogs you know and so it
doesn't matter what kind of animal is
but I love horses I mean it's just a
cool thing to like go out and like go
writing and like go on trails and that's
just so cool anyways I'm really really
excited about this at little adventure I
can't wait to take you guys on it and
let you guys get to know each of the
horses with me it'll be really fun
zombie no it looks good okay but it's
not even cooked I'll eat it
I'm just happy pants happiest boy in the
world is happy pill oh it's look at the
camera hi Missy happy dance happy
patient making a delicious rose there it
is Oh Yama looks delicious I'm starving
- the turn to be Oliver and potatoes are
cooking
Karma what are you making are you making
for dinner look at that make a logs good
yeah please getting a bath and it's the
cutest thing ever
no guys huh yeah what's the sign you're
doing for that yeah rub yourself it's
like you're scrubbing yourself
essentially yeah how many times have you
been trying to do um three I'm doing
that reel and all done we have figured
out a date for the live chat so it's
actually going to be this Saturday at 4
p.m. Pacific Standard Time during the
live chat we're actually gonna make a
little announcement but we don't know
who you're announcing that there'll be
an announcement yes
don't miss the live chat cuz we're gonna
something really cool that I've been
working on for a while now I hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog give it a big fat
thumbs up if you did oh I have a
challenge for you guys put the mouse
over the thumbs-up button and then click
it with your toe just go pick tell me if
you did it in the comments so what if
they're sitting at their desk then they
need to bring their leg up okay and hit
the mouse over the thumbs up just make
sure you click thumbs up okay
alright we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
easy he's like Daddy went bananas Tony's
a baby so warming comfy oh it's like a
perfect Halloween outfit so comfortable
now banana now I have to be the monkey
and then we can see monkey damn banana
no Ian Ian and Benitez I actually have
to make my
