are you happy baby out of there
okay get you oh oh please put a little
something now huh is it cold are you
doing here change guys with me this is
our son baby
boy there's a new amazing things good
morning everyone
um me and my sister already out and
about and workship picking my brother up
are my brother my dad up because he
dropped off the car somewhere to get
worked on and so I'm picking him up I
did want to mention that a lot of you
were like the vlog was late because
yesterday our vlog was late well not
late but everyone thinks it was late an
hour late because we had a time change
admit it who slept in an hour because I
forgot that there was a time change okay
yeah basically it's fall so we have fall
back in our time so at 2:00 a.m. it goes
to 1:00 a.m. a lot of you in like other
countries thought that our vlog was an
hour late but that's actually the new
time are now our vlogs go up an hour
later than they used to
if it probably was late again that this
morning huh if it was and that's because
that's our new time Cassie and my dad
are off to the movies I got her a hot
chocolate and we weren't thinking she
can't actually take it so now I have two
hot chocolates
Oliver you haven't said good morning yet
me and Ollie are now hanging out bring
that home doing chores and stuff I had
to get stuff done and I thought I'd run
by savers I'm trying to push a cart and
vlog and that's all my hot chocolate oh
my god on my new sweater got a love that
daylight saving time am i right guys
actually it kind of sucks because now
it's gonna be dark at 5:30 I was telling
you guys yesterday I was like it sucks
it gets dark at 6:30 and now it's gonna
start getting dark at 5:30 which really
sucks cuz it's like weird day go you
know we need more sunlight to finish our
day but I did get an extra hours sleep
so that was nice Missy's off running
some errands and she put me on diaper
stuffing duty if you don't know what
that means means you take this cover
here which is empty and you take an
insert such as this one and you stuff it
in this little pocket and all the pee
goes there and the poop another stuff
it's not very pretty
officially you cannot push solar hot
chocolate and blog that's official I'm
looking for okay alright hang on hey now
we can do this okay
I like really mad about this okay guys
that sucks
I'm looking for a frame because we're
doing a photo shoot today and I want to
do a cool frame for the little girl to
hold that thought I come here and look
at frames this morning I am having
brownies for breakfast doesn't that look
amazing you guys know I'm just kidding
I'm not eating brownies for breakfast I
wish uh-huh this is making brownies
because tonight we're headed over to
John's house I'm gonna have dinner and
we're in charge of dessert so we're
doing brownie sundaes what hungry though
I have no cup holders that's why I have
to hold this so what's awesome I'm just
gonna hold down here look what I just
got you guys
who knows what this is okay Brian can
never do it but if you look at it you
can see a picture inside of it let me
see what it is it looks like it's a
planet with rockets there's a rocket and
a planet and a satellite right there you
can't see it but it's in there
and Brian can never do it but I love the
right me my dad used to do them all the
time and you'd always get them and make
me try and find it this morning it's
$4.99 but where would I put that kind of
lame but it's cool to find Brian susan
has me running things I'm making it up
when I tell them there's a picture in
there Halloween stuff is 75% off and I
found this cute outfit this is got a hat
and everything it's like two dollars I
think I'm gonna make right make it me so
I think I'm gonna get it I'm gonna make
Brian wear it yeah art we're gonna make
daddy a cheetah oh so I got that cheetah
outfit it cost me a dollar fifty which
I'm like cool even if it doesn't fit him
that's pretty awesome but it didn't just
cost me a dollar 50 it caused me a
sleeve and I'm so upset about it I can't
believe I spilled chocolate on it I
figured out that every time I blog
I seem to spill something on me the day
I spilt that soup on me I don't know
what it is but I'm really boned about
this length is that chocolate stains I
don't know how I'm gonna get it out I
know that you guys don't know but I need
some ideas to get chocolate out of my
white sweater as good as the shake was
it looks like sludge just did not turn
out nice looking so cannot like stomach
finishing it big grimace we doing boy
I'm so excited I put up a Instagram this
morning of all I waking up
it's so cute he's like with opening his
eyes and being so cute
and mated to the popular page well not
me technically all I made it up to the
popular page but it's so cool I think
that's the second time you did it he did
it when he was first born
oh it's like the fourth time really yeah
I was right when he was born we had like
a ton go to the popular page oh well I
mean cried when he was born there was a
few and then yeah and then I put up a
video of him and it made it we go cutie
is his eyes open and his eyes are so
blue in that video so yeah I made it to
the puppy okay I'm super excited about
it so if you're not following me follow
me cuz I make it to the popular page
are you happy baby out of there okay
kids you 200 boys put a little something
out huh
okay get something out yeah we got
pictures going on friends taking
pictures of Coraline and her now I know
it's so cute oh my god you this is hey
I'm gonna get you oh like okay I'm gonna
get up and go away then this is Brian
taking pictures I know hey hey Paulie
hey loves all the balls and she's got
like the cutest little tutu on yeah
we are off-roading with this little dude
bro most everybody we're almost there
this stroller works perfect okay gonna
get out of here we're gonna get out of
here we're gonna go okay
hmm and we're onto the grass she's
technically still off-roading thanks for
hanging out buddy you did good boo boo
boo look at this beautiful piece of
merch this is a pork shoulder and he's
smoking it what do you got on there wood
chips well there's some hickory wood
chips there and guitar phone do dogs
baller come on since 10:30 this Wow look
at that juice a making it happen Cap'n
you guys remember when we bought this
grill this side is gas and then that
side is charcoal so he can actually use
this side to smoke it to hell so good
what are you doing to me it looks
delicious
hey buddy hey why are you staring at the
camera do you see this Hey oh no puppy
sorry puppy hi puppy this is brownie so
I'm staying here Johnny I gonna watch
football and cook the meat you're
leaving bye love you
have fun shopping girls day now get out
of here
big deal man um Christine are supposed
to be clothes shopping but I had this
drop but or drop by Bobby baby and by an
Ergo baby I'm so excited I'm buying this
one it's like a tan brownish one and I'm
really excited about it I'm spending on
maybe walking around the mall with it um
but we're supposed to be shopping for
clothes and we're shopping for baby
stuff so we really need to stop doing
this we have 150 ladies and gentlemen
160 ladies and gentlemen oh we got
stuck at 160 couldn't land and watching
some football all day oh and check this
up I told you guys I got that out I
tried this as you guys know I love shock
top it's like my favorite and I know
it's like the manliest of bears but I
really like it but I got the Apple wheat
kind ones now they have this cool three
packet has pumpkin we in it too so beat
all festive over here and John's got all
the fixin's for brownie sundaes - Missy
actually left the brownies with us look
at that hohoho
yeah not the smartest idea me and
Christina have been shopping like crazy
I think she won't show you guys it she
looks so cute like everything and they
give it to RV so good aren't ya I have
in the Ergo but then he fell asleep so I
put him back in the stroller but come on
Christina show them one outfit let them
vote yea or nay yay oh my gosh the boots
of our purpose of this scarf - yeah come
on go go go
whoo next all day khaki bum happy huh is
he always did oh the joys of having four
children
so we just loved them all we went like
crazy shopping and she even put on her
outfit she looks so cute and she's got
like tons of clothes we like we totally
went crazy but there's a lot of fun and
all of her why is that over your head
okay
he's getting cold are you cold buddy I
can't see you guys
I can't see you oh I almost bought
cupholder a cup holder today but I
didn't but I really need to because it
really makes it a problem when I want to
hold a drink
so now I got to get drinks with tops on
them so they lay in there such a pain
I'm in the military now started the done
as it does if that is it done I was done
smells so good looks so good
he wants to be in my belly taking this
baby off careful fragile look at the
bottom you see bottom good oh oh it's
like dripping looks amazing
he's like ugh had to go shopping with
the girls all day I could have been here
watching football
thanks daddy
hey buddy hmm hey you want to see a
minute okay the new air goal baby so
fancy I'm gonna call it ergo ergo baby
so those legs are out right there okay I
love it I love the pocket
Scott and it's got little zippers I do
like this I'm like good stuff it's like
really big too like I put my phone in
here man oh hey he looks comfy too
the only thing I don't like is when he
try relax his face goes into this oh but
maybe mine
it's comfy ER now yeah good deal babe I
was in charge of dessert and so I made
brownies we got ice cream whipped cream
chocolate and it makes this beautiful
concoction way to call me out Missy yeah
so pretty delicious right son
this is just for looks I don't actually
eat it I just put it in the bowl and
then scoop it up in the spoon he's going
pretend
mmm days you guys like your brownie
sundaes how are we doing dessert is a
pretty mommy see well she's like because
I huh huh you like it good job that we
had a really good time we had awesome
dinner was pretty good they are a little
worried about the pink part of the pork
which was really scary but in the end I
think they cooked a little bit right
that's a lie
we did really good it was like our first
smoking experience okay okay but it's
pork and it's really scary but anyways
they cooked it all the way in the end
and I stick and yeah it in like three
hours we are like running for the bath
because of the time Jase now it gets
dark like even early remember yesterday
you're really complaining about it
outside the park for now just I get 5:30
you guys it's not so bad
so our cars it's 11 o'clock but just for
the record our car will probably always
say it's an hour yeah well never I tried
I tried to do it but I can't
yeah
so anyways it's not it's only ten
o'clock but Oliver was eating forever he
like he was fussing so I fed him and
then he just literally wouldn't apply to
just eating forever so I had to let boy
eat as long as he wanted these past
couple days I've been shooting a lot and
so I had a ton of pictures on my camera
and I've just been putting them in the
computer and going through things and
editing and and just trying to catch up
on picture stuff but today we actually
took pictures of Oliver in his costume
because we weren't able to do that on
Halloween this picture that I just found
you guys is so freaking adorable okay
you're gonna freak are you ready look at
him he's so happy do you see this
picture Missy look how cute he looks
even the ones next to it like he was
just so happy thumbs up if you guys
think this is the cutest picture ever
alright guys so the time has come we
have to say goodbye do I say goodbye
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog give it a
thumbs up if you did and leave a
friendly comment in the comment box
below we are seriously planning a live
chat soon and I wanted to ask you guys
your opinion about doing like some sort
of game maybe like trivia from the vlogs
or like a scavenger hunt
like what vlog did this happen let me
know what we can do to sort of have fun
in the live chat and to give away some
merch also so let me know in the
comments below be sure to head on over
to Missy's channel because we put up a
really fun video on her channel today of
all the pictures of ollie cuz he is now
three months old and we did a little
three month portrait session and we've
also got some adorable pictures of him
in his Halloween ghost room so go check
that out and get monkey food oh yeah
thank you guys so much for watching and
we will see you tomorrow bye Groller
gonna die I know when the sun's is eyes
his face was like
and so we're like oh so sad Oh laughter
that's for that was very nice a stroller
normal yeah we don't look Billy hey for
not look at the silly Macy's been so
adventurous with food lately look at
she's eating a cheeseburger you guys
