don't even think about it it's the
answer to the age-old question right can
I touch you belly can I touch your belly
can I touch your belly hi hi I'm taking
your belly
I think some of those okay this is our
son baby
boy they're gonna do amazing things
good morning beautiful wonderful amazing
people of the Internet
does it sound like I'm sucking up to you
guys show of hands who's hit the like
button already I am running errands this
morning with zombie hey buddy
he's pretty mad at me he's really moody
you know sometimes he doesn't even talk
to me it's really weird it's actually
like a really nice day here in sunny
Southern California I know I always say
that but it really is I love this time
too because it's not like 90 degrees
it's like 70 and breezy and yeah it's
nice
good morning guys Oliver says good
morning and then he wants to go back
tired already again do be nice wake up
then go back to bed we cannot sit down
Jude yeah said no more counting dollars
we'll be counting stars we'll be
counting stars it's one of my favorite
songs right now this whole album by
OneRepublic native is really really good
you guys should check it out if you
haven't all right getting ready we got
lots to do today is a busy day I feel
like every day is busy I don't know if
it's just me I feel like we're not
normal
every single day we're running and we're
doing something and we're just like but
maybe that's normal maybe everyone does
that but I just feel like we do a lot
more than normal people would do like
normal people would probably organize
their week so that they don't have to do
something every single day like get out
of the house I don't know I'm just
talking right now okay guys I'm gonna go
back to bed okay
and tired oh I I had to run some errands
today and I ran into the bank I had to
do stuff at the bank I had like a
question about something and I went in
there and I they like sent me with this
banker guy and he was just such a jerk
he sits behind his desk in a fancy suit
and like sit sit like I walked in there
nice that down and he's like so what do
you what do you need to do I'm like holy
crap you are not the right guy to deal
with me I've had to work in crappy jobs
where I had to do customer service and I
always like I always tried to be the
best that I could be in something like
that
because you always want to have a really
good first impression and I mean that
guy doesn't even work a crappy job he's
basically in the top of what he does he
was a jerk so I'm gonna have a good day
today whenever anything bad like this
happens you guys just tell yourself I'm
gonna have a good day I'm gonna smile
I'm gonna be happy do your thing you
know what I mean don't let people or
crap get you down sometimes headed home
I'm gonna go pick up my hot wife and
then we're gonna go do some stuff get
ready get ready get ready to play around
with Missy and nollie a boy in and harm
you um something like that that that
karma I got you something I got your
present are you ready it's better than
that stinky ol nasty beat-up frisbee
what do you think look at it he's got
like a stick hanging from you you got a
stick hanging from your chin dude just
let me get it okay let me get it let me
get I got the stick okay I got him up
right now friendly living the rough life
cuz you know karma lives the rough life
he just has this whole yard out here to
just play and frolicking stuff he's like
are you gonna throw the damn frisbee or
not there's a coin watch this one will
eventually look like that one just give
it like a week no give it like to the
end of the day you ready boy whoo it
flies nice oh good boy you like it like
oh my gosh
you broke it already karma huh holy moly
dude
what the heck happened a dog is lethal
you guys look at that all right guys so
we just sent out the last of the
international shirts so if you ordered a
shirt last time and you're international
which does include Canada then your
shirt is on its way so get happy whoo
this is how we push our stroller
I know when the sun's in his eyes his
face was like
and so we're like god it's so sad so
that's what that's for that was very
nice a stroller normal yeah we don't
look silly
hey for not looking silly Missy has been
so adventurous with food lately look at
she's eating a cheeseburger you guys
kind of sad that that's adventurous for
her but really she is so picky lately
actually now I go to places and I
literally can't decide tell you that's
the job when you love everything it's
hard to decide I never I usually if I go
there I usually might like one thing
though away he was sleeping and then
they sang happy birthday to someone and
they woke them up they're ready I got
this awesome burger it's got these
little jalapeno things and it came with
this on top the knowledge that I think
it's a jalapeno what kind of what kind
of pepper is this you guys
I think it's all you want to try it
smell it just smell it oh it's all about
yo and it's got something all over it it
looks gnarly though when it came Missy I
was literally like why is there a turd
on top of my burger hey what are you
doing up this was to be a sleep in him
are hanging out well Brian goes in to
the Apple store it's the weirdest
weather like I don't know if I'm
supposed to be cold or warm but it's
like 75 degrees and mmm and it's really
breezy so it's kind of chilly but it's
kind of warm and it's really weird
haven't jacket though look at this shirt
you guys it's my attorney shirt don't
even think about it it's the answer to
the age-old question right can I touch
your belly can I touch your belly hey
that's your belly hi hi I'm touching
your belly so I just went to Motherhood
and I got a new bra but I also got this
cool nursing scarf it's so cool really
big it gaps around you but then you can
also use it to nurse yeah cuz we were
finding baby Ollie's pretty comfortable
he's under like a blanket or something
and I've been nursing a lot in public
lately like in the middle of yeah like
while walking yeah this will help this
is really nice day yeah it's good on you
bed you and it's also call time so it's
perfect and I think Heidi can was just
talking about it too so pretty good so
I'm finally getting to read The Hunger
Games and me and all I are just sitting
here hanging out together reading it
together enjoying this beautiful
afternoon with the window opens super
nice outside
I definitely love it I know mommy okay
yeah with her she's already on chapter 4
I told you it's good huh like every
chapter is designed so that you like are
like oh my god and then you go into the
next chapter huh it's awesome
Catching Fire is coming out the end of
this book so you need to read at least
this one and then the next one no it's a
lot of reading so we can go to the
premiere and we should take Ali to the
premiere oh geez no yeah that worked out
really good last time long look at this
you guys he's my future play maker huh
what with you like your big gate let it
go
alright guys eat over may be over but
I'm still headed into the gym I actually
ate a huge burger for lunch and it was
way too much I shouldn't have eaten it
so I'm gonna go in there and work it all
off Missy actually fell asleep while
reading The Hunger Games I don't think
it's like because you didn't enjoy but
she was already pretty far so that's
kind of like when she starts something
she usually finishes it so she started I
think a good chunk of it today so should
probably be done with it maybe like
tomorrow on the next day I'll be really
cool because I really want to go see
Catching Fire
in November that's this month I really
will see this month who else is gonna go
see it tell me in the comments yeah I'm
gonna go into LA Fitness and get my work
on I got here got here it's dark it's
not even seven o'clock here and it's
dark what time is it get dark for you
guys I really hate this part of the year
when it's like dark at 6:30 I'm like
it's 6:30 we got like tons of day left
but the sky just wants to be dark in
Idaho we would literally have summers
where it wouldn't get dark until like
11:30 and it was awesome because we were
like 16 17 years old running around in
the daylight when it was like 10 o'clock
at night it was pretty pretty awesome
you know I just woke up from her nap
think well not just woke up that was a
lie like that was like two hours ago
and I'm actually talking with my friends
Kelsey in Corbin there in Oregon
I should check out the channel I shot
them out before but there's the channels
so cool and next week he's gonna propose
with that goes up second week uh-huh so
they like they like traveled the world
for like how like a week and then filmed
a ton of vlogs and they're putting up
some really cool stuff so yeah they've
got like seven different episodes of
like different countries that they went
to and it was it's so interesting like
that disappointed that you didn't pet
that bird Corbin I'm kind of
disappointed in myself
that's why guy that's my biggest regret
of my whole trip is that I you should
have gone we need to go back and do it
bit off that would've been a bad trip
that would be dad we would have
remembered it yeah yeah the day Corbin
cam was bit off that would be
interesting we were talking about going
to San Francisco this we were gonna go
meet them we're gonna be them we are so
glad that they didn't go because that
was awful
everything we were both gonna meet in
San Francisco and have a good time but
we decided not to but yeah well I have
mixed feelings about it because I still
have been super fun by water but so
going to meet some yeah yeah and we
don't mean
don't meet for the first time like we've
been friends like forever we're not
really meeting where am I like meeting
up yeah yeah we've been friends since
high school and so they live in Oregon
even though they're supposed to live
here everyone come here yeah move to
California go check them out it's called
steps to wander and we'll have a link in
the description and next week they're
gonna propose or we're gonna watch the
proposal and it's it's so cute I can't
wait to see it so almost as cute as
always yet almost oh I'm hanging out
with John all day while missing shops
tomorrow and so we're gonna do dinner
and dessert and so far all we have is
one huge ass bag of M&Ms I just dessert
okay Missy's just really craving
chocolate so cute his hair is starting
to like stick straight up the funny
can't really keep it down anymore so
he'll be sleeping while we're at the
store so we are responsible for bringing
dessert and I don't know if you guys
know this but that's kind of like
Missy's territory
she loves dessert and baking and sweets
and chocolate this is actually Missy's
favorite aisle whenever we go to the
grocery store even if we don't need
anything from this aisle she comes down
this aisle and she just is like oh I
want to bake something filling inside of
the Charlie coos more cupcakes Missy can
I have some more cupcakes no you're
supposed to say how can you have some
more cupcakes if you haven't had I need
to begin with
let me know if you guys know what that
movie is from in the comments do you
know don't say it don't say it don't you
say don't say don't say it whenever I
see you don't say are you say something
stupid I do not say something stupid you
see I say what you're supposed to say
what it's more what we did it we made a
decision we are gonna have brownie
sundaes I think I'll be fun for the kids
I made sure to get the extra large can
of whipped cream look at this you guys
Oliver was getting almost too big for my
fake changing table I made he's feeding
off huh yeah you're too big for this
thing he's coming off like at two inches
what are we gonna do when you get bigger
where am I going to change you hey I
know Mom hmm for those of you wondering
um Cassie did not win homecoming
princess she did
no but she really wasn't expecting it I
was more expecting it than she was she
was like I'm not gonna win Missy I don't
know why you're so excited um but she's
still a lot of fun and of course there's
next year when she'll be a senior and
maybe she'll win homecoming queen
I'm gonna I'm gonna start a hashtag
Cassie for Queen or something so that
she wins next year that'd be really cool
okay all you guys he's so out of it
right now
Xena Mel coma yeah he's so happy alright
I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog if you
did do this and put this on your mouse
and then position it over the thumbs up
and then click it just doing this isn't
going to do anything I'm sorry I wonder
if a lot of people knew that if we say
thumbs up the vlog and then after
they're done watching they go that's not
you gotta click the thumbs up do it if
you guys aren't subscribed to our
channel you can subscribe cuz we put at
subscribe you typed rap rap you come to
cry wolf out my dad ever died hmm okay
anyway it was you guys tomorrow bye
look how thin it is you guys
it's so white still okay Billy which one
do you want wonder why I don't care I
don't I don't like the chrome in the
back you like look how thin the side
bezel is - yes like different if you
don't know where you should tell them
were using something different
oh yeah we're using my phone because I
forgot my vlogging camera I'm so fed and
mrs. hammer died so
