good morning guys you want to start out
your morning with something cute yeah
anyone show hint look at this
big guys think the bum very nice of you
this is our sign daily
boy he's gonna do amazing things and now
the moutains I don't know how to get his
thumb into that little men like come on
dude could you stop yeah he doesn't they
the mains pay him perfectly though look
at you think maybe days are crazy
actually a little chilly out today's the
first time it's been cold in California
and so we got to bundle them up and
we're gonna go to the horsey ranch and
he's gonna show me how to ride a horse
but I'm not gonna actually do it if you
guys don't know Miz he actually got her
camera wet and we've had it sitting in
this bag of rice for I think like 36
hours now and it's still pretty messed
up do you guys see the screen it's like
completely warped and also the battery
is really finicky like I put it in it
says charged battery when the battery is
fully charged and then I have to like
adjust the battery and then it will
actually work that's not good that that
that part worries me if it was just a
screen I think oh yeah it's gonna get
better but the fact that it won't even
like register the battery it's probably
not a good sign so worthless back into
the rice that's a little bit later than
I was hoping but I also don't really
want to spend too much time I just want
to go hang out and ride a little bit
leave Brian checked on my foot on my
camera today it was bad
so I guess my camera is bad is it sick
forever will it get better
should I take it to the camera Hospital
they have a camera off the screens kind
of messed up but yeah battery yeah I
feel like the screen will definitely fix
itself because it has before right we
one time it was aired out at alarm oh
hey your old it got a little like wet I
think and then it seemed to it fixit's
out because it looked kind of like the
same thing um but I don't know I
remember the last time I we saw that are
you scared and I was like oh it will
happen to your camera babe and you were
like nothing I swear I don't know to
happy about that I still didn't know I
still have no idea what happened to it
good morning lucky new puppy smells like
a whole farm you know I know the smell
of horses is mostly like poop right is
it mostly poop poop and hey but I just
say it is kind of refreshing breathing
in all that poop you got a bit
got all the horse stuff thing actually
thinking about getting a saddle that
Missy can use while she's here I think
she'd like her own saddle though that
horse or Greece I don't think you guys
can really appreciate how massive horses
are from the camera but like standing
next time you can see they're just like
huge like really when you used to call
them a dinosaur I was like yeah so big
careful are you okay in there got the
thing over oli so maybe he sleeps Hey
Dude hey think he's trying to sleep
breakfast I mean I had Froot Loops for
breakfast but this looks this looks good
too okay so this is a cool way that you
can actually bond with your horse you
blow into their nose hmm
yeah I'd react this I'd react the same
way if you blew in my nose I do care
Missy brush Duchess and now she's
picking out her feet and look at that if
that isn't a daily bumps merch calm
commercial I don't know what it is okay
buddy she's got the blanket and pad up
there and now she's gonna load the
steering mechanism or saddle so
frustrated you guys come on Duchess good
good good okay so I spent all this time
saddling her up and doing all this stuff
and I just could not get it tight enough
I don't know what I was doing wrong no I
there's no one here to like really help
me or anything obviously it's been a
while since I rode and so I was hoping
like last last week I had like a little
refreshed nur so I was all like okay I
can do this and then they come here and
I'm like what am I doing wrong now I
don't know so I'm going to take her on a
walk I think she's really mad at me she
was getting really like come on figure
it out let's go yeah I'm sorry see I'm
kind of really really just quiet but huh
yes they've been just hanging out being
good so he'll try again next time he
always I always put this carrier on and
then he's in it for like maybe 30
minutes and he's done so then I look
like a fool I'm wearing this carrier
around and he doesn't want to be in it
like you think it go in it now that
you're walking around I don't mean he's
pretty happy now and you
yeah he was um pretty hot in his little
hat so we had to take his hat off I said
guys mittens done okay mm-hmm
some of that fresh air wears me out
Bruin one of these chai lattes in the
Keurig I'm gonna see if it's different
from the pazzo chai tea looks different
way different
it looks like creamier yeah I think
you'd like this kind oh no where'd you
put out the medium remember when you and
wind terilyn we're doing that and I
couldn't do if those pregnant yeah now
you can do it wait let me try from over
here there you go actually filling up
the other room it's an empty for like
ever
um but yeah we are getting new couches
not really no I'm more like my aunt's
giving us hearse and this one has more
light that other room has no light I
still had a rough at night you can't
there's like no light there's only one
left
baby hey karma ball where's your how are
you oh he's oh no oh oh oh no oh no oh
no he's trying to talk for my hair yeah
hey guys how's it going I got love I
don't know if that would work babe you
think so JP Singh hey carrot we doesn't
distract him with a tree like the entire
time this is trying to think of a way to
do her favorites video but have karma do
a video what do you do really could we
not do it so yeah this just happened you
guys
Kharma did you do a video on Missy's
channel time 3 freaked out like this is
still bad out here that was really funny
no Missy was gonna shoot a favorites
video and then what happened well I
realized car was a spoiled little brat
this month God took more things that I
did so he did a favorites video he did
really good too
what are you enjoyed it huh so the
moment cool stuff if you guys want to
watch the video be sure to click check
the link in the description yeah sure
and I pretty much done all our oxygen in
there you feel a little lightheaded
okay come sit oh I did not ask you to do
that little roll over good boy hmm can
do what I do
yeah you makes the funniest noise ever
we literally just shirt him go oh yeah
and then he Missy was kissing him and he
said okay okay yeah you flip you're the
most annoying pants ever
my actually work didn't work
Oh Brian was having like the worst he
goes he's like good like every five
seconds and I finally flipped on the
cameras like okay we got to catch some
of these yeah now I have no hiccups
that's the thing if you guys want to
know how to get rid of your hiccups the
Parana camera vlogging yourself they're
painful they were they started baby with
ever hurting me it was like ah those are
the worst
removing my aunt's couch out and into
the truck I mean all are just hanging
out head back you know I used to play I
don't know that many songs except for
now I play like you enjoying songs you
know you're outside Vienna that's
annoying song that I know Oh
dramatic I know I use another feather
song but I need the sheet music and I do
a Maria if I can find the sheet music to
the feather song and go goes something
like that something something like that
they call these ganks getting annoyed
for my piano playing it's not good your
sheet music is very tiny
yeah no I'm tired
sounds good babe what do you have
playing right now that was pretty good
but I've had a piano I bet I could get
our new living room what do you think
it's kind of dark right now cuz like I
said there's only one light in here and
it's dark out
is this a like a thing for your feet or
a thing like a table it's mostly for
your feet I like this
do you like it all I likes it it's
comfortable huh
hey Leo Leo what are you doing everyone
owes us where's video he's right here
hey you guys leo
good nice fight usual to buy my head
look at baby all you guys season his hay
romper hey what do you think you like it
it is a little big for him but he
actually just has room to grow oh oh
hello hi now you're gonna cry
stand up it fits him pretty good but I
feel like he can like totally grow into
it too so if you're thinking about
ordering a romper this is a six-month
romper and he's three months old and he
fits pretty dang good in it he's almost
four months old you guys you gonna eat
on my shirt don't eat my shirt
oh good morning Carla hey you supposed
to be sleeping on my bed or your bed huh
which one my bed your bed my bed your
bed he's like I'd prefer this one dad
thinks I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
be sure to give it a thumbs up and if
you haven't already go watch the video
on Missy's channel of karma because it's
seriously hilarious and something we've
never done before to check that out if
you haven't yet subscribe to our channel
because we're about the hit dude hmm
is that okay hey how do you do okay is
it this like this up oh yeah sick dude
cool thank you guys for watching and we
will see you guys from but more to the
side and I'm almost like it just looks
like it's on the wrong way he kind of
does is it like goes along but it's
really nice because I feel like I have
like more well I know this handle
blueberry more yes I like I can do stuff
more like out here I like don't have a
big like a baby right here so aren't you
really liking it hey you're gonna hear
anything without washer I shut the door
potty in the bathroom potty in the
bathroom
potty them about you make some noises
nothing very often yeah I really like
this side caring it's really comfortable
also right
also you guys I'm so bummed if you're a
mom then you probably know what I'm
talking about
I'm officially losing my hair I
seriously on Plum of hair
