I don't know what's going on something's
going on with Brian he's he's been
acting he's acting so weird
happy Halloween guys I am just getting
ready home did I need my makeup but I'm
wearing my fancy tights today which I
think we're just cool and I'm just gonna
wear them all day even though Halloween
isn't necessary until like tonight for
whatever I'm currently working on an
elaborate plan just go to Brian and
working all morning I think you might be
suspicious but I don't know but I'm
gonna see you guys up in the garage and
so yeah done done that is some scary
Halloween stuff right there what's in
here is scary your hand you're the baby
here she is in all her glory we're gonna
have some fun ninth week
I did not realize how many Halloween
outfits baby all he actually has Hey
he's like just put me in one please I
don't want to be Niki no more think
we're gonna do the orange one orange one
kay I told Brian there was a Halloween
outfit in the car that I wanted to put
them in Susak all right I'll go get it
but I got him good that was pretty funny
I'm gonna show you what it looked like
because you guys we have eyeballs in our
fridge spooky all right I'm gonna eat
one you guys ready for this this is a
vampire this is is this Edward's eyeball
if I eat his eyeball no okay this is
really cool actually look at go mm-hmm
yeah really good and it looks so cool
inside okay this isn't scary this is
just pretty freakin cute actually
snoring
and here we are
your hairs off oh yeah rinsed it out so
they be all fluffy let me help you I got
my cat it just kind of fight so yeah but
you really fluffed it back there I'm
sorry
happy Halloween guys what do you think
about costume yeah that's a really
that's a good zombie costume did you see
my glasses zombie you didn't need to
dress up it's Halloween and you're a
zombie okay yeah that was pretty funny
and I would admit I was a little scared
but you really don't need the glasses
you're pretty scary enough as it is
yeah you can even see your bones happy
Halloween we're headed to lunch are you
starving so we're headed to lunch oh you
know I'm craving what I'm craving
something like like a burger like a nice
like but like a burger where it's like
you know they do it like medium-rare and
it's like all red and bloody in the
middle
again we're gonna get some subway and
then actually we're headed to well I am
headed with my mom to go to this
prestige oh she's getting that an
epidural again in her back and I know a
lot of you are like an epidural is she
you got to have a baby
no this epidural is basically where it
goes into her spine and they inject
something to help with her back pain
supposed to work last time
it did not it like put her into such a
severe screaming pain she had to go to
the ER and it was horrible
but we have a new doctor and he's like
look I really think that it's gonna work
this time and this is a better option
than surgery so we can put surgery off a
little bit further so she's gonna go for
it and so I gotta take her down there
she's got to get it done and I'm a
little bit nervous I'm like actually I'm
really nervous about it
snow white is driving in the car next to
us
dungeon Snow White
no way no way we gotta go I think she's
got some doors in the back could you a
snow white drove a minivan the comments
what floor is being ready yeah so I'm
trying something new at Subway I usually
just get Turkey and mayo that's it yeah
so that now I'm trying this this
is a testing testing chicken with like a
ball stomach something I would never eat
before but I tried it the other day and
it was pretty good
my favorite finds really good I got mine
with extra blood I mean why would you
here you are
DUI oh I'm boring I'm sorry my not
entertaining you enough so this car
right here just bumped us we were like
in stop-and-go kind of traffic and we're
just like saying that all of a sudden we
feel like a push like a bump
it was fairly light but we're like what
the heck that guy just bumped us so
we're like alright well we gotta pull
over we start to pull over cuz we're in
front he's like oh no really let's just
see if we can get up to him so we got up
to him and told him like pull over
hey man you bumped us and he's like oh
yeah I saw there was nothing I didn't
know if you wanted to like it I'm like
well yeah you bought me so we just need
to gotten luck yeah and so I looked and
there's nothing but he was super weird
he's like it's okay he's like I have
insurance it's okay yeah you can check
it why are you telling you how much sure
of course you have insurance it's
illegal you bring it up you don't have
insurance so we're back in that building
with the big tree in there in there like
Boyer my mom's doctor's appointment
she's getting that procedure done hoping
it goes good but also brights are acting
really weird I don't know he's just
being super strange so hopefully he's
okay
check out this freaky demon baby you
guys hello hello hello I'm at John's
house and he's putting together like
this crazy thing for Halloween this is
what he does every year in his garage he
puts up these huge tarps hello and
there's like people they jump out and
they scare you there's strobe lights
going their spot I'll show you at all
when it's all together oh my god I'm
going crazy you guys i sat in that room
like an hour and a half and they told me
and be like 10 minutes and then they
told me I could come around to the back
and pick my mom up and they said be 10
more minutes I was like 30 minutes ago
I've been here for like two hours and I
feel like I'm going crazy and I don't
understand why it's taking so long and
they got me a little anxious and a
little nervous and I hope she's okay
holy cow guys it is sunny out today I'm
still waiting for Missy to get here with
ollie oh it's really nice out from here
this view you can see like all the
houses that I decorated for Halloween
okay I don't know the Sun is like I feel
it's like it's like burning me like I
feel like I feel like I'm being burnt
right now okay I was doing good she got
out and they hurt her but I think it's
kind of supposed to hurt and then it's
supposed to feel better I'm really
excited I'm really cold did you know
that I am you feel really really cold
like ice cold yeah feel fine look how
sticky these things are you guys yeah
that's scary
oh okay it's a handful of eyeballs right
hey guy can you see he wants pictures
done with mommy yeah he's a kitty cat
you got a doggie and a kitty cat here
and me I'm just a boring human you think
that we're enemies what we're best
friends ah best friend you're joking me
I have like the worst toothache all of a
sudden it's crazy what's wrong you guys
something is seriously wrong with John
look at him look at this cool lantern I
made basically I just put my phone on
flashlight mode and put it in the thing
and look at dude hey he's
trick-or-treating for the very first
time how come you don't guys ears
I think really there you go
he my name is karma karma boy took a
cheat all this candy he got from his
very first house Heisey is he enjoying
himself hey you having fun buddy this is
cool whoa hello I'm sure he was not
traumatized from that Oliver is a hit
everyone thinks he's adorable which if
it looks handfuls of candy we're giving
it to him when he's ready for solids
thank you so we didn't even go to that
many houses and I feel like we got a lot
of candy you guys look at was not meet
Annie we got we got a full thing of
blackboards gummy bears Thank You T
alright guys I'm gonna show you John's
setup okay this is in his garage so
friggin scary we got lights
we got fog we got strobes
that's kind of freaky this guy
apparently lost his hand and then a
ghoul
everybody how you doing is that your
cupcake Wow cool what is your is that
yours we've got scary eyes on there you
need the mouth I'm easy no one died cool
let me see yours whoo that's creative
it's such a guy first Halloween Oliver
had a lot of fun he actually was really
good and like totally hung out and he
totally enjoyed it it was really fun
now he's passed out did you have fun
right
right yeah so we all I find I'm really
excited to see all the pictures I don't
know what's going on something's going
on with Brian he's he's been acting he's
acting so weird
something something happened I don't
know what's going on you guys
I'm I'm like really really freaked out I
know this is sound weird because I know
it's Halloween I'm so weird but he's I
don't know I feel like he like went
crazy I don't know what's going on I
think he might be coming oh my god did
he bite me
happy Halloween okay bill pretty legit
any hard
what do you guys think of my fangs I got
blood on me you but all over you oh do I
do have some blood on me
no but that was our very first Halloween
special so I look creepy you guys look
at that yeah it's all fake
I was not turning into a vampire all day
that was fun
well it's not what you thought of it we
had a lot of fun today it's our first
Halloween as daily vloggers so yeah
again look at me he's like what are you
doing anyway I hope you guys had a
fantastic Halloween I want to take it
out now ha ha
it's like vampire dental surgery right
yeah but I hope you guys have a
fantastic Halloween if you're watching
this right now click that like button
because I know you guys had a lot of fun
and let us know how your Halloween wet
in the comments and what you thought of
our very first daily bumps Halloween
special should we do something like this
again I think it was just so much fun
and all I was so cute it is first time
trick-or-treating home anyway thank you
guys so much for watching and if you
don't if this is your first daily bumps
video can follow our daily life if you
subscribe to us so be sure to do that
and as always we will see you guys
tomorrow
good bye Nicky look at him staring at me
he's like okay dad dirt cheap smell my
feet give myself and go to it
I don't care I'll put down your
underwear
something's wrong with Missy Missy is
doing a vampire one now family right
this is no more right for two parents
after the kids go to sleep
