yeah good morning guys I was just going
through my clothes because I'm picking
out something to wear and I ran across
my collar on shirt yeah it's completely
white you don't know I sprayed it with a
ton of vinegar and stuff cuz it's that
oh there's a little bit of color right
there can't really tell but yeah
completely washed out I was kind of
bummed I really wanted the color to
stick good morning bumpers you really
used to call you that it's been forever
since we called you guys bumpers huh I
bet some of you like the new ones
they're like why is clients bumpers we
call you these bumpers if you're like if
you're someone that like watches us and
likes us then you're a bumper it's like
so late in the action well not like
afternoon but like late in the morning
and I've barely done anything I've been
on the phone like all morning dealing
with insurance stuff because I had
called like multiple times my insurance
company to make sure that Oliver was
covered while we're in the hospital and
now I'm getting bills and they're saying
he wasn't covered and I'm like oh that's
not happening so I actually went on to
the Davos Facebook page and I was like
all right guys when was it that I talked
to the insurance coming because we'd
actually like we were of course record
it like vlogging that day and I had said
like I have to call the insurance and I
have to do this
and I remember that day is the day they
were like oh yep he's covered no worries
don't worry about it
gotta get him covered you know for once
he leaves the hospital so I was like
when was it I've been on the phone with
them it's been kind of ridiculous now I
gotta get ready I do stuff my sister's
got homecoming so we got to find her a
dress
he's 64 degrees out you guys it's chilly
okay I'm actually wearing like a
long-sleeve shirt I'm not wearing it
like a long-sleeve shirt but and yes I
know
it's not a v-neck it's okay you guys
sometimes I wear shirts that are v-necks
not really no I don't but I'm headed
into the
I haven't been I'm supposed to yesterday
I didn't go yesterday but I'm still
going for it um I got you know a couple
more days of Shh over but I wanted to
say like even though she tober might be
over like tomorrow or today I'm when
you're watching this this is probably
something I'm just gonna continue doing
haven't stepped on the scale in a while
excited to see what I've lost I have a
feeling it's not much though because I
have talked to one of the trainer's here
at LA Fitness and he was saying you know
I'm lifting a lot but I'm doing also
doing lots of cardio and I'm eating
right so I may be losing fat but I'm
gaining muscle and he's like and you
will be under 200 you can make yourself
under 200 pounds but it's just gonna
take a little more work than it would be
if I was just you know eating right and
like doing my simple cardio and stuff
like that I'm crossing my fingers that I
may be close to 200 but I don't think
I'm gonna be under 200 but I'm still
going for that so um you know this is
something I'm gonna continue to do it
might come to a point where I actually
will weigh more than I did but be so
much more healthier and even look better
because muscle weighs more than face
it's just stupid muscle you know weighs
more than fat but everyone goes by the
weight you know everyone you look at
your scale and you're like that's how
much I weigh I don't want to weigh that
much that means I'm fat but that's not
necessarily true because muscle actually
weighs a lot look how happy he is just
sleeping away in his little swing just
good because I got laundry to do I've
been I've been doing some longer days
past cold days I did like three loads
yesterday I got this big ol load here to
fold waiting for my sister get home so
that we can go take her shopping I'm
actually she's actually really excited
because she got nominated as homecoming
princess not cute I was never nominated
but I also wasn't like popular I don't
think unless she's popular but she is
well-known in her school's small whereas
I was I was always just a nobody in
school you know my pothead Tippie wife
requested I get a free burger yeah hi
I'm chocolate boy you know shuttle and
mommy
gonna get a prom dress is that what
you're getting homecoming dress you can
get a tux do you want to take him he
could be your date he'll be my date I'll
take picture Oh that'd be so
it's smoothie tour gonna make a smile
are they a whoa
my my you do that weird chomping cheese
thing and then everyone always screen
grabs it and sends it to me and says how
scary you look it's actually a sign of
submission means that you love Josh fine
at I do some spine a CH spine a is
really good for you maybe an apple
headed to Ross we're just gonna try
there first hopefully we can find
something cuz Ross is actually a pretty
keen theme is actually old Hollywood so
I was thinking like like a cute like
almost slinky dress did you think about
that and then like maybe a cute headband
that goes around her head they're just
talking about because she did get
nominated for homecoming princesses dude
so cute and she doesn't think she's
gonna win now I think she'll win did
they vote they voted today did you vote
for yourself no really buddy I've yet to
do Apple in my green smoothie so I'm
gonna try it I kind of just cut it all
up but here it's good to do it with all
the skin and stuff on to try this it's
actually green you guys yeah look at
this beautiful shade of green that's the
best spinach working pretty hard right
there beautiful you guys mmm and
delicious as always Roz you ready and
you guys gotta help us out we'll put a
little number in the corner for you to
choose k so here we go ready 1 2 3 4 & 5
we just showed you 5 different dresses
two three four or five choose wine and
put it in the comments below let us know
what your favorite one was my favorite I
think is two PF Changs hook horses pink
it's so cool
it must be for breast cancer awareness
but it's really cool like things I just
had a mini freakout I thought this was a
spider it's not it's just string
actually looking at all these glasses
and we decide to put this one
they have no prediction and though
they're just like put it on all over
them you're gonna look so cool trying
less like early this morning haven't
seen him at all today you can see me all
today
you've been gummy Kaena look at this
little guy wearing daddy's hat ah thank
you
he knew it stop stop stop Joe Joe Joe
yeah Missy just found Gatorade for 79
cents dude a little happy dance you just
dead
you're a dick dead
I'm addicted to Gary oh no oh no we
gonna fire today we gonna fire here
oh and this lid is broken okay hey hey
fire
get off my burgers not really working
it's okay I am a trained hamburger
professional you got okay okay yeah
getting out of hand you grill burger so
you got to have like water nearby
normally I use like a spray bottle I
can't find it put out all the fires
Missy's is done - done he comes bearing
cheers hey guy hey guy are you gonna
help me grill hey buddy
huh yep watch out for the fire don't be
scared oh oh you got one piece on oh
okay
had a very nummy dinner and sort of this
little guy huh why are you trying to eat
your hands you already ate dude he loves
his hands now he like just discovered
them so now he chews on his little hand
huh do you hear that you guys just said
hello can you put your whole hand in
your mouth put your fist in your mouth
just like let's go see if you can do it
go on try it I bet you can do it they go
use your other hand help go and try it
there you go
giant giant jack Fishbach Jones you can
do it hey what you doing we are looking
up here at the toys well playing huh
he's always going somewhere in doing
something so he really gets time to like
just sit and play I'm doing so I can put
it in a new intro okay I'll be like
you're so cute just kidding this is real
life there is a giraffe in my face this
drop is molesting me messy cat
hahaha we took them in 2000 put it on
stick just kidding that's a box we're
making eerie eyeball cake pops for
tomorrow cuz tomorrow is Halloween karma
what you gonna be for Halloween you're
gonna be a scary dog
so the inside of the cake pops is red
velvet and they're made of velvet cake
but as soon as I put um the water on it
it turned red it's so weird looking
actually looks kind of bloody yeah all
right miss he's got a beat this butter
so all he just learned a new thing
during bath time tonight it's called
splash and get your parents wet how much
moving he's like it's like going
overboard it's really funny
oh it's so cute because the first time
he's ever done that huh he's making the
cutest noises get in so we set up just
app what's it called baby monitor 3G or
something like that and so we have
Missy's phones set up where Oliver is
it's got the camera pointed to him and
we're watching and monitoring it with
the video and I can even close the app
and it will run in the background it
will notify me and it will even like
vibrate but it says Oliver is sleeping
well and you can turn the light on right
yeah if I want should I will that weaken
it I don't know actually I might not
let's go to see it open okay
it got really bright please
there you go he's still sleeping it's
not like the monitor we want I'm using
my phone very nice but right now our kid
is upstairs sleeping and we're both down
here that's pretty cool
Oh his eyes are open he's like what is
this Kara will get any more go to see
think how many times go see Oliver is a
waste
Shh it's okay baby go to sleep go to
sleep baby like oh hell no you ain't
talking me through no found time
pour beer easily and you did it he's all
happy now all right here comes the fun
part
okay so you really just made this is a
perfect little cake right yeah next up
is you tear it apart cut it so it in the
bowl it's just so weird it's like this
does not feel natural just like this yep
yeah interesting
mmm crumbling it by hand look at our
perfect little cake balls now we get to
put these in the freezer and I'm not
sure where I'm gonna put them on top of
the ground beef patties is that okay
stick it in here did it all nice and
covered punished there's cake pop in yes
the first for me ever made oh yeah and
because cake pops apparently weren't
enough we made cookies too
yeah it's just that time a year you know
I'm making these and then acne one yeah
miss you probably won't eat these I
baked a lot of stuff that I never eat
because she's so picky but she loves to
bake I wanna make all all big pump tons
upon my back
I don't eat one sticky pumpkin pie now
we're decorating on and it's actually
pretty fun I thought I was gonna be
really hard but Brian's decorating his
I'll show you mine
mmm it's kind of like my eyes right now
bloodshot cuz I'm really tired Brian's
recommend his and oli is really good
this is hard I know that this piping is
really hard bo wait look I was not all
the way around but that's my father so
we look better
mine are Missy's alright Brian's there's
mine okay you guys I think something's
wrong with Missy
funny Missy is doing a vampire one now
apparently right this is no more right
for two parents after the kids goes to
sleep and eat cookies and watch monsters
University and we're watching Davy ollie
- he's fun to watch - look at you can
like see him breathing and stuff anyway
I hope you guys had a fantastic
Halloween for us tomorrow is Halloween
and I have to tell you we have a really
cool Halloween special plan for you guys
even have like a special Halloween intro
that we're gonna do for tomorrow's vlog
if you liked the vlog give it a thumbs
up and if you aren't subscribed to our
channel then subscribe because we put
out videos every single day
we're gonna watch monsters inc and go to
bed we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
yeah we did some pictures upstairs - on
the bed and they turned out really good
so I'm really excited about these she's
very photogenic ain't ya can he get you
he's Mya
