can't roll over roll over oh my gosh I'm
so close babe oh man come on you don't
frustrate it come on
he's so close he we all eat like
raspberry oh you have to get real here
in a second huh for bees huh
duck you wanted this all son baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things
good morning guys this morning we got a
cranky baby huh you been cranky it's
okay he's just not very happy - morning
- trying to make him happy didn't make
him happy
this has got a doctor's appointment
today so I am packing the diaper bag for
her got a couple diapers all ready to go
and another outfit I love the fun says
daddy Seligman and I love this color red
- red looks really good on Holly
compacted diaper Berg and she told me to
pack it but there's like there's a
diaper there's an outfit kitty Oh Ollie
I look at this good morning guys me and
my mom are headed to my next appointment
this is the appointment that I'm going
to talk to my doctor about the results
of last week's ultrasound which I did a
video on so you guys can go watch any
and watching yet but this is not
basically in the talent like I want
surgery
give me surgery and if he's like I don't
know it'll take you sure that I have to
go find a new doctor and I really really
wanted to get it done before the end of
the year crossed my fingers on it that's
even possible they are
I'm pretty much so sore I can cry my
eyes out like my whole body hurts so bad
I wanted to send them but I had to get
early get ready and stuff got Oliver and
he's sleeping he's being a really good
boy so far he wasn't being so good
before we left but then once I got in
the car you totally knocked out and good
so hopefully he's good once again the
appointment okay I finally just had to
get off the computer and stand up and do
something
all my work I do is on the computer so I
if I find I've been doing it for too
long I just I get I'm like I gotta get
up and do something I made the bed
I think Missy left me with a load of
laundry that should be fun and we got
dirty clothes these are clean bingos
I'll put right there for me see you
later dirty clothes - starts right there
Oh me also this morning received like
this we just fine
let me just find Gatorade bottles now
it's Missy's obsessed
oh I've got two packages today so we got
tempers calm this is our wipes because
we use um water wipes and then we also
got foam is co do an honest unboxing
right here how about this this isn't
something normally that I partake in but
whatever we're gonna go with it horrible
horrible horrible chemist and honest
honestly I'm not kidding you guys this
is this is from honest yeah are you
getting I'm pretty fussy you're kind of
done sitting in the car seat thank you
mom
I went out of here we haven't seen the
doctor yet but he's just starting to get
a little mad aren't you
I'm I stick my boy in my house they gave
us this huge box for two little things
of diaper so funny their boxing is
really cool I wonder if Jessica Alba did
this too but yeah we got two packs of
honest diapers and we're actually just
gonna be using these while Missy strips
the cloth diapers cuz I don't know
that's mommy talk go watch our new video
we're going to be using honest when we
go on our winter vacation at the end of
this month so we don't have to worry
about cloth diapers and what's cool
honest is they're still like there's no
chemicals or super absorbent they're
hyper allergenic they don't sit in
landfills forever so we really make the
packaging really hard oh yeah this is
what we went with it's like a green blue
plaid these are pretty cool I don't know
if I just totally stole Missy's under
there just now doing an honest unboxing
so I pretty much just got out of
probably the most annoying appointment
ever I'm pretty frustrated right now
it's gonna take me a minute to like
gather all this information in my head
like really frustrated it was it was a
very annoying appointment pieces my
doctor is being real pana but these are
our water wipe we get water wipes you
order them from Amazon no preservatives
no smell or anything like that
oh and actually these are our
totally putting those in there not very
much these are the honest I pers that we
got before look how tiny they are these
were the newborn ones we ordered these
they didn't come in time and we had
Oliver and then by the time they got
home we were already using cloth okay so
now that I've had time to like really
process the appointment basically my
doctor is just kind of giving me the
whole I still don't really think that
it's necessary for you to have this
surgery we still don't really we can't
really determine you know what caused
really two losses he wants me to come
back though and see a perinatologist
with him which is a high-risk iris
doctor and that way because he doesn't
she basically his job is to just get
people pregnant but he has actually take
care of people that are pregnant so he
wants someone who takes care of eye
disease to actually say what do you
think basically I have to make another
appointment sit down with him and my
iris doctor and like talk it all over
and figure out what she thinks my
opinion is that she's probably going to
be like duh you need the surgery you
know but at the same time that was these
doctors but
irritating me I don't know it was
definitely a weird appointment and I I
just I can't imagine getting pregnant
again with the uterus with the septum in
my uterus you know so is that my future
play maker yep he's left like the whole
way hi hey hi Mike oh sorry hi am i no
ma'am I do judy man without any luck he
was so good it was a doctor came in the
doctor was like wow your baby's really
pretty you're like really cute well I
know whatever he just got a hover was
super super cute and all just sat there
and stared him the entire time and he's
like laughing at him he's like hey I
like you ya know it's just like who's
like laughing I couldn't even pay
attention the darker I kept giggling in
the middle of him talking about like the
severity of my uterus and I was like
he's just being so cute so funny thank
God look at you you get your whole bed
you super small in that bed these are
the most adorable diapers in the world
what do you mean come on that is so cute
I mean they practically look like like a
cloth diaper but they're disposable I'm
gonna put them in these and I'm gonna
start doing some dripping up my cloth
diapers and also kind of testing with
them you don't know I'm talking about I
just did a video about it they don't
tell you about yeah okay cuz my diapers
are being really annoying he doesn't
have like a big fluffy but it's like out
to here does it have a fluffy bottom you
got normally he's like yeah look at me
look at me and oh the little booties
look at baby Ollie he's watching a lad
and you guys this is my all-time
favorite Disney movie oh my gosh I love
Aladdin I watched it all the time when I
was kid
and I even loved watching it now it's so
cool you're gonna be a little Aladdin
sorry
do you like Aladdin is a lot of your
favorite by the way Missy's pumping so
hashtag awkward not my favorite but it
might be too dark for him to really
enjoy he needs something like bright and
like colorful yeah what's your guys's
favorite Disney movie let me know in the
comments I think Aladdin is definitely
my favorite do you like it boy
Missy boats Beauty and the Beast okay so
it really seems like Oliver is just done
being in that thing he wants to like
stand up a little bit so I'm debating on
getting him an exersaucer I don't know
if he's quite big enough but I decided
to put him in Baileys Walker
okay Bailey's a girl it's my little
cousin she used to use this I just
wanted to see how he likes it and look
at this of course it's girly but look
how happy is he gets to sit up his feet
I put a little something under him so
you could kind of stand a little bit but
he just wants to like bounce and jump
and lift himself up and so I basically
just stuffed this in here so it kind of
fits a little bit tighter around him and
he seems quite happy are you gonna roll
over come here over here oh oh oh come
on no further oh god I just want to help
him so badly come on I'm wearing my
Gryffindor shirt because this little guy
was like hey I'm gonna puke and I'm
gonna get it all over you but I'm not
gonna get any on me is that okay I'm
totally okay with that as long as it's
not on him wait so he's in ravenclaw I'm
in Gryffindor and you're you're a
Hufflepuff where the wild things 20%
it's a it's a new version
corduroy I hate that books are like $20
I know they're really expensive it's
easier to buy them on the iPad they're
like 10 bucks but not the same is this
seriously the coolest part I know
humpty-dumpty yeah and you look it he's
drinking tea and then he's broken
mm-hmm this is so cute okay like okay
like a five little bit we were just
trying to figure out the five little
piggies member this little piggy went to
the market okay and then that little
piggy stayed home
he's still looking at this like he's
like he's going on here this little
piggy had roast beef and this little
piggy had none
this little piggy went and look at the
itsy bitsy spider went up the waterspout
and then down came the rain and washed
the spider out and then out came the Sun
and dried up all the rain and so the
itsy bitsy spider went up the spout
again really like that is just a lot as
a full of wife huh oh yeah this is where
it's at Harry Potter section David of
wands
here's your scarf oh hey totally mad
really does matter
oh yes supporting Gryffindor right now
when we go to Florida
in March we're gonna get one night we're
gonna find a one that shoes that someone
that's gonna get a warrant like I'm
gonna make you do it you're gonna do it
and all he's gonna get one well he has
to wait toys twelve if they days twelve
yes you get your wand when you're no 11
it's 11 I've seriously never seen a
Starbucks with this many food items this
is awesome okay rustic apple tart always
good ma'am pumpkin cupcake we got rice
krispies bar I thought it was one giant
rex Krispy bar it's a bunch of little
ones so lookie here we got two different
butterbeers mine's cold and the missus
is hot and I guess it's got caramel
toffee nut and yours has like a cinnamon
Dolce thing in it try
it's a lot of I stopped phone very sweet
you feel like a wizard yeah I try this
cold ones oh it's so good though I feel
like a dirty little muddled yeah I feel
like I'm sitting in Three Broomsticks
just sipping on a beer you got a
mouthful caramel and then look at we
also got some sweets I got a cannoli and
Missy got a rice krispie treat club more
hard it tastes just like the one we had
in New York I never really try you gotta
try the outside is amazing
try the come on just try the inside low
it's just like a creamy swimming thing a
hive deja vu from your super caper video
you're done and I totally forgot I
haven't even asked miss are you team
Gail or team Peeta that's like a thing
right you know I am team Gail or team
Peeta hey Gail she's taking kale
oh it's gonna be interesting we're
rocking about a baby in there it is oh
it did I know it's like below I think
it's like there's like a fan and they're
blowing baby powder and it's just going
oh there's all kinds of cool bath stuff
here but look at this you can just buy a
bucket this bucket is probably pretty
expensive and you can just bathe your
baby in a bucket what yeah there's a
baby sitting in a bucket so it's
European
oh those Europeans over there you've
been working on that for a while now and
I think you got this in it Brian
oh my god I'm glad
Oh your hands are always look what we
just found for when we're on our winter
vacation it's gonna be really cold where
we're gonna be at so we have to get them
a little hat with little minted and it
fits them so good and this is a newborn
and it fits him he's so big after all I
guess so huh look who's all fresh and
clean hey dude hi you just have a good
shower yeah you trying to pull down the
the towel and show everyone your little
baby bits no you know any you know we
haven't done in a while I'm done in
YouTube magic in a while and this guy
needs a diaper on he needs pajamas on
you need to be in bed okay so let's just
get on do you mind if I perform a spell
on you right now here we go one two
three wah wah there you go baby boy hey
now you got your jammies on granted
their Halloween PJs but that's okay
you're cool with that huh yeah you are
come on roll over roll over oh my gosh
so closely
oh my come on dude don't frustrate it
come on he's so close you can do it
buddy come on
on your belly on your belly almost
almost oh my gosh let's get on your
belly move to your belly lift your belly
move to your belly move to your belly oh
it's assistant Oh time to say goodnight
huh say bye bye guys get the bonus
thumbs up with your dumb get the bucket
AHA and we'll see you tomorrow my trying
to get the hang of it good getting
the brains down it's this is definitely
I think a different way that I've used
the rain so I'm kind of have to practice
and remember how to do it again but I'm
getting there and I'm a little bit
practice maybe I'll be better soon
hon Duchess I'm the problem huh what
there's a shadow
hey yo Brian the
