were you ever afraid of clowns we all
said oh you have to get really cured in
a second huh huh son baby boy he's gonna
do amazing things
good morning guys it is sunny this
morning
I really wish actually that there was a
place I could drive through and just buy
sunglasses like for the day like I mean
I only spend like a 1 to 5 dollars on
sunglasses drive-through sunglasses
would anyone do that
and he went let me know in the comments
I'm actually headed this morning super
early to go help my cousin move because
he just bought his new house and I'm
pretty stoked for him
I'm also sort of jealous because I just
I I was talking to Missy and I was like
I cannot wait until we can buy our first
house this next year of our lives
probably gonna be the most important to
us so morning guys I mean I are getting
ready right now it is like my free
birthday day you know Ali's ready to get
up and get moving huh let's get moving
mom Saran take showers having me and
Brandi go you'll get massages and
Karma's outside cuz it's my birthday huh
he's my fake birthday huh yeah did have
fun today if you don't know we're
celebrating Missy's birthday her
birthday actually is tomorrow on Sunday
but she's planning her grandpa's
memorial on I dig so I was kind of the
only day that worked for family and she
was sort of really bummed about it I'm
gonna take off to lunch and then we're
gonna go get some massages she deserves
it she works really hard being a mom
probably a lot harder I would say she
works a lot harder being a mom than she
would at like a full-time job and she's
awesome at it so she definitely deserves
it
choosing cards for a guy so hard okay
there's too many options I don't know
whether you're funny or like romantic
and Missy hates cards on top of that so
doesn't really matter what I get you
actually go to this
huh who are something with a monkey on
it monkey buds yeah I'm getting this one
Oh favorite time of the day late I'm not
not all of his favorite time he like not
for most you know this is your favorite
one honker they all take it I'll take ap
doesn't like it karma you garden
Oliver's toys making sure no one get
some boy come on Kyra got my name all
he's getting some food in and then we're
gonna get some food in in this thing
this this belly right here needs some
food hungry I get my girl massage Oliver
you eat you got a monkey in your face
that can't be very fun it's like come on
guys sometimes monkeys don't always win
sometimes I gotta do everything one hand
and like try and find his mouth with
this hand ha ha ha
sometimes you get the binky in the eye
that does happen that does happen
sometimes we are getting something to
eat
Oliver I just looked in his car seat and
there's a card in here for me and
apparently he put all the things that
describe me and one of them is fake like
you know he's like you're fun you're
awesome you're sexy you're hot you're
baked even though that means exactly
it's not fake oh babe ah make more
thanks for your bacon like okay yeah
bake me something please
everything for your birthday cake ice
cream punch monkey fat look at like pops
got it's like three dimensions don't do
I love it and you see it's from Ollie
and me
Holly and I happy brought in chalk Ollie
helps pick it out yeah he was like just
get anything with a monkey on it so hey
so we're trying farmer boys
Missy's never been and I've never been
either it is huge burger isn't
all-natural for her no more
biotics johan gun rings
holy moly you guys let's wrap it so good
it has this huge like chunks of bacon in
it and avocado and chicken is worth that
you had a massage at one o'clock and
we're super late
well it's 1:30 and we called it we were
like okay we'll just change it to 1:15
so you call again the second time and
say you're gonna be late yeah pretty
much
I'll just massage your face for you oh
yeah no tip for you and the nose ah
really that's the second time I'll touch
my nose we're here we're gonna get our
massage on ready boom forget relax relax
looks right look what we just found you
guys it's a candy corn was it yeah we
just got out of our massages how you
feel baby are you relaxed I've been good
yeah it felt really good one weird thing
she put her fingers in my ear this both
of them at the same time it was really
weird Missy she didn't do that to you in
them well I felt like it your massage I
didn't get like a no like in the ear
canal we found a mummy one is this one
too big babe it says three to six
oh yeah they look great on em no I got
batteries so the swing is going to be an
operation baby Olli hasn't been able to
swing a swing huh much we're pushing it
with a foot yeah so I'm gonna put some
batteries in here and of course they
make it complicated yeah is it her oh
are you having some trouble there brain
no make it work
look how handy you are together get and
go I just found this anything really
fast
is that too fast he seems to enjoy it
well it's all the way out should I turn
it down
okay there's halfway yeah he's like uh
why am I on an amusement park ride
Ian Brian are headed to Knott's Berry
Farm really soon and this little guys
staying with Mimi and Papa tonight huh
are you gonna be good for them it's like
they'll see they'll never agree to watch
me ever again
hoping he's good I've got lots of milk I
even got a new bottle hoping that maybe
new bottle will help so I think he's
pretty much good to go but I'm
definitely nervous I'm gonna be leaving
him the longest I've left him so it's
kind of like Sirians dad and I'm going
like far away I'm not just gonna be down
the road so it's like really
nerve-wracking but it's also nighttime
love you oh don't you even yeah have fun
with Mimi and Papa look at Missy's eyes
you guys they're all fancy fancy
schmancy minutes we are on our way to
dinner you're on the Outback now yay my
favorite going out back tonight and
we're hanging out with these cool cats
you can't one that's Christina that's
John you guys know look at them they're
wearing jerseys like what it doesn't but
it's not like a real New York dieters
isn't Missy just as is that a real team
okay they're doing horrible this season
but they're a real team okay Jon's got
himself a cherry stem and he claims that
he can tie it in your mouth do you put
it in your mouth and then you tie it
right yeah it's gonna knock all right go
how long's this gonna take a long time
if you do it we sit
didn't go all the way almost whoa
that's pretty good so we got $20 belt
okay Mitch John says that it's mine if I
can grab it okay so you're gonna turn
right here okay and open my hand over
yours okay you can grab for I do stores
no after I got a move I want you can't
touch it until I go to touch it ready
yeah
sorry guys Oh get the twenty whose
birthday is it you guys get it even got
you a card
all right thank you happy birthday to
you ducks nummy dear mr. Lee
but load up load up load up but up yeah
rat it in the North story forearms you
ready I'm ready
did you bring the diapers for us trash
no we're - oh my gosh look at this huge
fog thing there go in there first scare
babe so much fog oh okay thank I was i
feel like normal people are scary Missy
freaked out
we're traveling through this fog right
now
ooh spooky fog we can miss he's dancing
in the fog dancing at the fog there's so
many people here you guys it's crazy we
definitely didn't pick the best day to
come but we're doing trapped which is
really cool so look up here we got a
seance going on up there oh my god baby
what's up oh my god we got just getting
look at this guy you guys okay hello
this cool thing we got skeleton keys to
make things a little easier
eyelets actually do stuff yeah we are
hanging out at the who y'all who loaned
you guys you guys understand what VIP
right now worse than that
yeah VIP check it out check it out we're
waiting to go into this thing called
trapped and it's more like they they
have like real-life reptiles and spiders
and like this place I bet they have
snakes where I would die I would soon as
I die and they like say things on you
and your to do like puzzles and stuff
are you so it's really fun I think we're
going into a foodini seance now so cool
oh my gosh good there's someone in the
water there
chase after the scary calm is he Key's
up to the scary clown
oh goody
there we go I have a feeling that you're
gonna squish me right about and now I
feel sick maybe see look there's your
friend the clown gets he loves clowns
you guys a real
don't piss them off don't look at him
there's one there too okay
lakes around
they're kidding Missy
don't you see what they say okay thirsty
oh my oh my gosh it's surrounded
oh and here there's three babe okay that
was scary a lot of people are afraid of
clowns and I guess Missy's not one of
them
were you ever afraid of clowns she's
like a magnet to them it's the fog do
you guys see this fog they all come out
in the fog and they freak you out pretty
sure that's not safe there's a cinder
block above that door you know just
walking okay okay
it'll
as the whole park you guys that clowns
carrying gasoline let him know where you
can get some gasoline okay
you just keep getting scared babe what's
up with that
that guy's seen better days huh walking
all right guys we are leaving not scary
farms we are headed home but we had a
lot of fun we got the crap scared out of
us many times were you scared are you
still scared you know
are you scared we won't make it home
what if something happens is he crazy
driver yeah John can you get a scent
alive please we saw a lot of scary
things today so here's what I want you
guys to do in the comments leave a
comment with what is the most what is
the scariest thing to you is it clowns
is it chainsaws is it like spiders
spiders axe murderers it's funny to me
because we live in this culture where we
like love like the adrenaline rush of
being scared and stuff and that's sort
of what Halloween is now centered around
hit the thumbs up if you guys enjoyed
the video and subscribe to see if you
haven't already we put out videos every
single day we're headed home now it's
like what times almost 3:00 in the a.m.
I've seen my little boy and I did what
is iam but is he doing good is he
sleeping I am sleeping cool did your
manga and your mom fed him with a bottle
okay yep good alright guys I don't know
how I'm if I'm gonna even get this
edited on time if I do then you better
definitely hit that thumbs up and we
will see you guys tomorrow bye
you
and again the sign says exit quickly get
out of there oh come on
