amazing things just woke up to this you
guys chocolate chip pancake and she said
she even weighed everything out for me
what do you think about that buddy
tuck it to pancake I think you can swing
up this one ooh chocolate chip namah
namah namah namah namah and I mean I may
know whose club good morning karma who
is that oh I just walked into a building
there's a build Reno was a bit of palm
tree in the middle interesting um we're
headed to the doctor because we're still
trying to figure out her back now we're
gonna try and see if we can get some
answers and maybe figure out something
to help her get out of pain for a little
while since we can't do surgery right
now
yes this morning I am playing mr. mom
look at those big lips you guys Wendy's
gonna have my lips what do you think all
right
setting up tummy time mat whether you
like it or not baby oh yay going with it
oh yeah I am so smart SMRT oh yeah no
not me don't mess with the baby's fine
that's not yours not your toy boom did I
actually put those on the right color I
didn't know karma back way dude
you're right in front of my camera karma
thank you boy now okay I totally forgot
that I was supposed to dress him he's
already happier you guys is this a
giraffe you know that touch it hit like
this oh oh it's tummy time it's gonna
get real pee out in a second but look
how good he's holding his head up you're
so strong buddy see where's your toy box
uh-huh something in there is making
noise this is what's making all the
noise hot Karma I can't wait till I can
do pictures with him when he's like can
fully like push himself up with his arms
I think it would just be like the
coolest thing ever it's like one of like
a big old milestone in China over yeah
let's try roll over
let's go roll over roll over I helped
you with that one hey listen into some
Tory calories and playing a little over
Hey come in like why are you playing
with him with my tour
that guy seriously scared me as we left
the doctor's office and we've been here
for like ever and I'm ready to feed my
baby because I kind of was I'm
inappropriate alright he's refusing to
nap so you're up you're up boy are you
happy this is the only way I could get
him to relax hey buddy you're okay now
think he's okay now
trying to hold off on feeding him with a
bottle as much as possible so I really
want to wait until me as he gets back
because when he uses a bottle he just
spits up so much and just like makes a
huge mess and like we have to like deal
with it for like hours afterwards making
myself some lunch ooh
it's like chicken vegetables pesto sauce
smells really good actually
come on I can't do mm-hmm I can't even
reach it it's not going over there it's
going over there
so I guess Oliver's gonna finish it snap
out here
you pick
thank you I can't wait to see Oliver I
miss him
been here for like three hours in the
three hours got here at 10:45 it is what
time like 1:45 playing some cheesy pop
music trying to get him to be happy do
you like um fifth harmony are you a new
fan of fifth harmony is that a good
thing I don't know mommy's almost yeah
mommy's almost yeah I just walked in on
this
apparently this is the only networks big
mom and not kidding Phoebe now what is
this like his fourth nap today he's just
he's beetle uses little feet out here
like tickle me tickle me please I am
currently planning part of my grandpa's
memorial we're actually doing another
thing on Sunday kind of like a memorial
service cuz that was like a um Tuesday
was the burial but we're gonna do like
something special like kind of another
get-together and another time to just
kind of remember about a year ago I
actually planned his 80th birthday and
we did this huge thing actually made
this really beautiful slideshow with a
ton of pictures of him growing up and
him getting married and having kids and
was like seriously amazing
okay it was amazing and I was like
really excited because I was totally
gonna use that for the memorial service
but we just sat down and we can't find
it it's lost it's gone and I'm so sad
about it Brian
but whatever so I do have a col photo
zone I thought I'd shown to you cuz
they're really cool I mean you may have
known my grandpa but these are just
really cool old old photos
so here's a photo of my grandma and
grandpa when they first got married they
went got married at like a courthouse
and this picture hung in my grandma's
house and it was always like the most
amazing picture I feel like it still
tells like this story or something but
here it is that's my grandpa and my
grandma look how skinny she is really
goodness no shoes I just love her dress
and like that like how they're looking
off and I don't know it's just such a
cool photo I've always really loved this
photo of them Peyman his Fez instead he
caught so yeah we're definitely gonna
have to hang some of these photos and
that's my grandma actually with my uncle
my grandma's dad his name was Louie and
they named my grandma after him Louise
and they would call him caller Lou so it
was always Lou and Jer cuz my grandpa's
name was Jerry all these wearing this
cardigan onesie which is really funny
but it's a little too small for him so
when he wears it you get a little bit of
diaper peak
what kind of echo and it's got
spaceships and aliens and stars and
rockets are you sucking on your hands
he's been sucking on his hands a lot
more does that mean he's teething I
don't know let's go girls come on
waiting on a woman oh my gosh how is she
gonna text your friends thank you for
that
so if you don't know is my birthday week
my birth we both died we party like it's
good to be pampered for like a week
straight
the bummer thing stop it the bummer
thing is is how am i stop you just let
me pick your nose just let me go
but everything is that my actual
birthday is on Sunday which is when the
memorial is for my grandpa and I'm like
really upset about it really we're gonna
technically celebrate it like tomorrow
so we're gonna do a bunch of fun stuff
tomorrow real easy on Thursday when
Brian puts a flashback or the throwback
Thursday intro in the Thursday it
totally wasn't intentional I just I go
through five different intros and that
first intro like keeping any way I saw
it and I realized Brian was jumping on a
trampoline I never got to do that cuz I
was pregnant really wanna jump in the
foam pit so badly look at all these
trampolines oh yeah oh it's all rushing
back to me she looks like a total dork
that's what you fine
ouch the hurt did you burn like a
thousand calories when you're here no
it's a thousand it says a thousand on
the door this is a thousand go check see
thousand businesses first jump into the
phone text whoo come on come on
the sign says exit quickly get out of
there come on
almost got it there you go is this a
workout or what hey guy you want to jump
to when you're older for sure okay when
you're old there all right here you go
you guys first-person view you ready
ready Foam everywhere whoo
this place is a total workout okay
covered in sweat
it's like major cardio and then I didn't
go to the gym and I probably not gonna
go after this is pretty good all right
this is gonna go all the way
and back come back come back there you
go
go go go go go go go go
yeah
since his favorite song just noise and
she's holding him with her arms late
late at night
that employee is behind you and he's
staring at you you're pretty much making
a fool of yourself my sister I cannot
get over these things new trick
say no it looks it looks really lame
again here we go hi hi hi how are you
how are you he said hi he said I you
don't know look we got today baby this
is baby all these costumes you we had to
go through so many hoops to find my
costume I ordered it online boom here's
what I want you guys to do should we
give him three options okay here we go
his costume is either a monkey a doggie
or a monster did I just give it away
that it was the last one for today's
video leave a comment below which one do
you think it is and then we'll let you
guys know but I'm so excited for
everyone this day as gods daily it's got
a like so much country yeah we are for
me and you yeah is that that's what you
do right yeah I like big butts and I can
alright guys I hope you enjoyed today's
vlog give it a big ol thumbs up if you
did
tomorrow we are actually going to nuts
dairy farms and we're really really
excited are you excited boy he's not
going it's the first time I've ever been
have you ever been an Oscar Farms man
you've never been we're gonna get the
crap scared out of us he's really tickly
all right guys we will see you tomorrow
goodbye say goodbye Mickey Thank You
benefi dancing baby yeah like what's the
harm in just putting a little pizza yeah
I'm not
