hello good morning mate how are you how
are you doing this morning you doing the
go oh yeah when I got morning are you
you just watching a little buzz flap
around that's pretty cool hey he's like
obsessed with those birds no you have to
talk in an English accent so that he has
an English accent am i right mate
how did the floor come into play
this is our son baby boy gonna do
amazing things some of them wanted I
don't know
Oh Nate Australian I thought it was
Irish
who is our happiest baby any will put
that lip away put that dipper way but
Dad lip over there you go thank you make
it wet in lip away thank you thank you
they time to get up anger go to prove
you're not a fool good morning guys
Oliver and us already we're actually
getting ready to do a video I always
talk on my Monday video because it's
like the weekend I should have done it
during the weekend but it's the weekend
so I don't and then it comes money I'm
like wait I need them video
so anyways I'm doing diapers real quick
I got it
take these diapers downstairs on our way
out because I'm doing a um a fall tag
and of course to do a fall time you
should definitely get Starbucks look at
everyone we're all fall down all wearing
our long sleeves on we walk outside like
85 degrees portrait here we are both
family portrait I think you should be
wearing brown cuz we're all we're rain
brown I'm wearing I go baseball team
bailiff all right do they have fault do
they play big spoonful football I don't
even know I'm literally wearing a
baseball cap into me yeah no yeah
thought that thought that this is so
gross it smells so bad like burns your
nose and stuff just gotta get it in
there get it over with
and then you're good look at this you
guys he looks like a karate baby he's
like look at that cop Iran
you get the red cops babe
yeah we went to Starbucks and then the
whole family is like gimme one day like
ready to go dude y'all carry this hey
sure yeah so I got myself a pumpkin
spiced chai tea latte I really hope I
like it
are you sure you know good I really yeah
I got it okay step I'm got a caramel
Frappuccino with extra caramel it looks
really good too but has the coffee in it
I wouldn't like it I got myself a skinny
peppermint mocha apparently these things
make you skinny this I don't know but it
means it's only a hundred calories for
this whole drink so I was like boom I
don't know I guess peppermint mocha so
it's got peppermint
it's really good did my thing off cuz
anything else cool different red cup
there's like this iconic thing I don't
know if it's like this everywhere but in
America like the red cup is very iconic
for Starbucks and they start on like
November first huh okay so this is a
pumpkin spiced chai tea latte yeah one
of you guys actually suggested that she
tried this cuz Missy found out she
really liked the chai and but she wanted
to try pumpkin spice yeah so I ever
since someone said that was like I have
to try it and Cassie thinks I sound like
a white girl why I'm like I need the
pumpkin spiced chai tea latte no the
grande peppers and whatever happened
that is a lot of different flavors
definitely has a lot flavor it means
good i'ma try again
I'm trying trying so much too much
what's going on and I'm a too much spicy
let me try
holy moly that's good yeah that's got a
lot of good flavor is it too sweet yeah
I did try it's very good you should be
able to drink it I'm gonna do my sweater
weather sweater weather
cuz you're wearing a sweater yeah
oh he's being so we talking it right now
like he's literally having a full-on
conversation with Missy over new he
seriously has been like so active and
talking of it talking to me like he
makes new sounds every single day like I
seriously think he's really close to
like full-on
laughing yeah what do you guys think
yeah he's ready but like talking hey
buddy that's where you can read yeah
yeah which one to go straight to talking
just having fun in your enjoyment day
with my mommy yeah another I'm getting
did you did you ever uh with that uh -
take his tongue out at you uh why you
soak you did okay so we totally figured
out what this is memory yesterday Missy
was like hanging around we're like even
you've licked it babe huh maybe Danny
okay
but people like honest were saying this
is it oh it's a Chinese yo-yo so this is
how they yo-yo in China is that right
yeah they said it's like casting a spell
it's to boy boy it just goes out like
that I'm pretty cool oh no weird and
it's not cool that's not let's be honest
that's kinda lame to me
I'm literally chewing on his leg oh yeah
yeah he just got done eating so he's
like kind of out of it and it's like uh
it's a drug did you not eat me please
Yes Doctor wear your glasses all day you
warm in your new video on your channel
by the way go check out Misty's new
video it's super cute
but yeah look at this now she matches
her little fox my foxy has won has
glasses and so do I look at they got
pineapples out here Missy now we're just
talking in the day how dare it looks
about pumpkins outside the grocery store
wait these little plain apples Missy I'm
a better guy ooh
you wanna get one yeah I don't know
these are actually even ready as it gets
oh my gosh that's what sucks right there
so guess we'll just have to get one if
this is a version of good look at this
huge pile this is literally like a pile
of baking stuff those pumpkin spice
cupcakes ah their pumpkin spice in the
middle Oh actually you know what musi
makes the best butter beer cupcakes song
I get inspired by Harry Potter they're
so good do you remember how to do that
can do the shine the recipe again
oh my gosh our meats just like homemade
chocolate chip cookies no we should do
the way Benji does it yes yes we should
do that Benji has the best chocolate
chip cookies it's insane well they look
amazing anyway
oh my gosh Missy just through this box
of onion dip mix right on top of the
chips and she know you know I don't have
a problem okay but it is my pet peeve
when people cross on our trips don't
don't crush the chips like I get so mad
at checkers and like baggers when they
throw my chips and I can hear em
crunching I'm like that is ridiculous
that this is me up and I used to bag
groceries okay so I'm very careful about
my chips
Missy thinks I'm a weirdo though oh look
out kids are we hanging out your daddy
we're headed down to the local park and
because they have like a huge thing
going on because today is Veterans Day
all these flags actually represent a
person who's died from like our area and
there let me tell you there is a lot
soul but it's actually really
cool-looking we're gonna walk through a
little bit this is really interesting
because each flag actually even has a
piece of paper on it too
well not all of them a lot of them do
well Riley
they have like a name on it and like
maybe a little bit of story look at this
is crazy yeah this is a lot really cool
I love this it's really interesting it's
just cool it always you know I think oh
technically there's Memorial Day and
Veterans Day where you can just kind of
sit and remember you know all the people
who have given their life to like
protect us in this country and just
really cool to get to see and kind of
like puts reality to I mean look how
many there are the number of people yeah
like imagine just like all these men
standing where the flags are yeah
this is really and I love that our our
city actually does it really recognizes
people look at this cool wall over here
really cool this is like a wall monument
hmm
just hanging out whoa
roses generally supported to the
Daughters of the American Revolution
these are vocal who gave their lives in
the Iraq and Afghanistan since 2003
Ronnie hello
thanks here's old
23 so 28 Holly has been so Julie lately
he has like drool all over sir so we put
on this uh amber teething necklace and
it's said to it's said to help Oh nobody
wants to sit up okay just hang out with
Daddy okay I know I know you can't get
up and walk around my cousins are
actually coming over you know Jessica
Randy CJ Bailey I don't know a lot of
you may not even know them because they
haven't been around actually for a while
they just been busy busy they actually
moved and so it's been kind of crazy
so the code overnight we're having a big
old dinner and I'm making dip if you
want--if wondering what I'm doing is
basically I'm straining out all the
nasty part of it my long diet we just
don't like onions okay we got a whole
set yeah we like the onion dip part but
just like the flavor of it but we don't
want to eat actual onions
so we strange the what is this like oh
there's Reggie hi your dinner yeah we're
training training out the onions that
are dried up so yeah and it makes a
delicious
um dip I gotta tell you pretty good me
and Bryan had this long conversation in
the store about which chips to get for
the tip for the dip and when you're
doing chips and dip you have to have
usually ruffles and I have to be like
wavy you know like fronts like calm
ridges yeah so we had this big long date
but it would debate because we got here
is it's really hard peeking on tips and
Bryan gave me a job picking out two more
tips but we just finally decided to just
go with an off-brand Kroger we want to
get these like get to our boxes well
guess what I did wrong you got the wrong
chip is gonna get a wavy dude you had
one job still tastes the same they just
break it but they don't have widget the
bridges were nothing and we a dip and we
already went off because we didn't do
the ruffles we went Kroger
never
ow ow ow let's go I will not cut my hair
okay so I just cut up SpongeBob's house
I mean the pineapple and how's it taste
really good nigga yeah I just had some
of mine I don't I think you're supposed
to core it but I've never actually like
sealed a pineapple or really eaten at
Amy keeps Peter on before it's actually
pretty good
TJ I love your sweet pajamas check out
sweet pajamas you guys
he's got spider-man and what's he say
right there come on you know um that's
not what it says says I'm amazing I'm
amazing
hello ha hello kitty high five come on
high five high five
oh there we go high but Oh high five
uh-huh
do you see how big you got you guys are
so big we were just watching the video
where you said Missy's name for the
first time and now look at you you're so
big boo you are you ready for this are
you ready for this are you ready for
this we're not quite sure what the kids
are doing is it like a train
oh my girl oh she's a gorilla and you're
a zombie
I taught him what a zombie is you
remember that remember when I taught you
at a zombie is what are they what do
they do they eat brains
so Lunas Orencia actually commented on
yesterday's vlog and said that the
bunny's name should be swag and I love
that so I want to introduce you guys to
swag the bunny I don't know if he'll
talk back to me maybe in the future but
I think he's pretty think he's pretty
swag he's got that got that bony swag
got that bony swag will got that bunny
swag anyway I hope you guys enjoyed the
vlog we are getting ready for bed if you
enjoyed the vlog be sure to give it a -
didn't wanna let you guys know that
today the day you are watching this on
November 12 is actually the last day to
use the promo code early 20 so if you
haven't taken advantage of that yet go
do it at daily bumps merch calm and
today is actually a really good day to
do it because I just added hey cases so
we have the sweet hay design with the
gold color that we use it's available
for iPhone 5 5 s iphone 4 iphone 4s
galaxy s3 galaxy s4 and the
fifth-generation iPod Touch so go check
those out and we will see you guys
tomorrow bye ha ha ha this is cool
hey buddy
did he put in my son just do that
basketball superstar Olli what are you
doing
