all right good get all the way around
don't like I don't think that's really
what it is
Oh
some of those okay this is our son baby
boy we do amazing things
good morning guys it is a beautiful
Sunday morning and Ollie is there you
two get ready right here ready for the
day I don't know how long he's
technically allowed to wear the candy
corn outfit but it's just too cute yeah
it's just too cute not to put him in it
I don't know we're gonna change your
diaper and get you dressed okay and me
yay all he's wearing stripes like mommy
oh don't go any stand up um today I
don't have years of notice but um this
sink right here does not have knobs so
we're actually getting the sink
installed on this side so that Bryan
gets his own sink I can finally have my
own space and you can keep his nasty
dirty spit baby spits on my faucet don't
spit on your faucet it is it just
happens I mean it comes out like I love
it I'm very excited for my own seeing
I'm gonna get my own toothbrush holder
my own toothpaste and I'm gonna put the
cap on every time I'm done with it
you know what I've actually on way
better I actually do it every time he
never does it that's not true if it is
oh filthier filament I guess now we'll
actually be able to compare because we
will have two sinks and it's gonna be a
competition problem oh we will compare
we will compare you guys and I guess
we'll know where to put our dirty
diapers sometimes we stick our diapers
that would Brian refuses to take out the
inserts do for a little while and then
yeah so now we're just gonna have to
take them out right away you hear that
Brian you have to take them out right
away I'm gonna move those dirty diapers
in my sink
this is behind like a major like weird
like fight that are like I don't know I
put on a different shirt that's the same
shirt but you should be wearing stripes
because we're bringing stripes today if
you didn't get that memo um I only wear
stripes on Tuesday um Sunday's we wear
stripes new chalkboard design what do
you guys think let me know in the
comments it says it's beginning to look
a lot like Christmas I know it's a
little early and
we're probably going to get all hate but
it is beginning to look like well it's
actually we live in California so I
don't know if you guys know but it will
never begin to look like Christmas
because it's sunny and hot here all year
round well not really hot but nice and
sunny so I don't know if it'll ever
start to actually look like Christmas so
we have to make it look like Christmas
oh yeah fine it up line it up boom new
chalkboard yay thank you guys for remote
you guys are great reminders
you're always like when it comes time
you're like change the chalkboard we
want to say a new design there you go
also check this out you guys Plummer
just left and I got a brand new sink
look how it's way better than Missy's
she's gonna say that out loud this is
missing my sink they're a little taller
and I do have my own toothbrush holder
and I'm totes getting my own toothpaste
and this is gonna be my side probably
gonna keep the pink bunny right there
you know pretty secure my manhood keep
the bunny why should we name the bunny
you got them I think uh I think the pink
bunny needs a name leave in the comments
what do you guys want to name this pink
bunny he's got like a purple bowtie and
yes it's a heat it naturally pink bunny
is a guy so he needs a guy name he's got
pink tail white paws white ears thank
you
unique a guy like you buddy I've been
walking around like this and I just
noticed it oh he got me good did you get
you know that's how you know your mom
though I think right you just walking
around with sucrose Kaffee is attempting
to go up the stairs on the wrong side we
thought this I was small try going up
the stairs this way
Oh God oh the way hangout I gotta get a
view from down here I wasted all the way
all the way you're gonna get scared like
three-quarters of the way halfway Carrie
scary before that's how I was feeling
that's really supposed to do that just
let me flip you over okay come over oh
my gosh you guys thank you so much to
everyone who has been you know checking
out our store and buying t-shirts you
guys are so awesome if you guys don't
know we just opened up a new store so
it's all redone we've got tons of new
designs and different color shirts and
all kinds of sizes and it's just like
totally brand-new but not only do we
have t-shirts but we also have iPhone
cases and iPod cases I think he just
released Android cases right now we did
um Android cases this morning cuz that
was like the biggest thing people are
like no I want my s3 s4 and while we are
team Apple team iPhone I was like we
gotta show some Android love it's in the
stall so yeah and if you also don't know
all the Karma designs which because we
just released a karma design which is so
cute and I absolutely love it and I
really want it but anyways if you buy
anything with a karma design on it all
the profits go to the horse ranch so
I've been helping out at so we maybe
will be able to actually do like a daily
bumps horse or something like that and
be able to help out all the little
horses who have been rescued and stuff
so all the profits for any car designs
go straight to the loop roll project the
horse ranch them and helping out it if
you guys haven't checked it out it will
be in the description below but yeah
it's really cool cuz you know I mean
like I said before
you are doing it all ourselves and now
we're not doing that but it's a little
bit easier because now shirts will
always be for sale faster yeah I just
get to focus on doing what I like to do
which is the design also and November
12th is the last day that you can use
the code early 22 if you use that code
you get 20% off your purchase which is
pretty awesome but if everybody I
actually made a huge order last night so
we got iPhone cases coming from me and
you yeah sure
we got rompers for baby Olli so excited
for our own order to come yeah I know
Ollie pop is already asleep we were in
the car for like six minutes
he's obviously we are running into
tarjay cuz we're actually going to a
birthday party for a one-year-old what
do you got a one-year-old I don't know
like usually be like a fun toy close
close I know yeah I know what are we
gonna get on he's one year old a new car
can they drive in those little car
things yet click the toy ones I know I
know
look you guys Christmas ornaments I
guess are decorating for Christmas babe
I know can we do that yeah we totes can
look at they have all like the like
sweaters and like pajamas and stuff
remember um one year we decorated like
really early we did it like almost in
October it was only forever to wear when
it was Christmas we were like finally
and I bet we were so happy the entire
time cuz you're surrounded by color and
smells and joy yep
whoa look at those all those sexy legs
this is cool babe look at this nothing
electronic it's all like tangible they
can touch it I'm undoing all I hope they
had an M for monkey Palace malice what
that kids happy back is happy that kid
sad wise I could sad that kids mean whoa
it's this one okay it's hired title in
this is really cool Tobin ball get his
phone
say what turn the wheel to move the
ambulance oh okay well I can only go
there so pretty sure everyone's gonna
die hey babe I feel like this is the
only way that I'm ever gonna have like a
whole beard and mustache am i right yeah
this is pretty nifty these are okay look
at this one I like the snail get the
snail so cute right Missy works really
hard in coordinating the tissue paper
with the bag
with the toy making sure it all work is
that enough in there baby
yeah you open it there we go you think
she'll actually open it yeah I mean she
is pretty little look at this mini
little pizza I got it's like a little
mini little alley it's like an alley
side pizza
pack ice looks like 20 hours day you got
a little pizza - you got boring cheese
cuz you're boring sometimes yeah she's
okay with you've accepted that you're
boring right have you here you go baby
Ollie's very first party hat oh my gosh
it's staying on and even that's so funny
it fits you good buddy it's a good look
for you you match your turtle buddy I
got a limp
take that off thrown a birthday party
and look at all these bubbles everywhere
they're glowing and they're all playing
uh what is that fine they threw a bunch
of coins out there all the kids are
running and getting it and then they see
bubbles look I think is like the coolest
thing ever you want to play or you'd
rather suck on his head yeah
I'm definitely taking only hair play
when he's older though it's just so cute
they got like a big slide and all kinds
of fun look I caught one ready who are
you laughing at right now we're gonna
try and get all these stuff you gonna do
green yeah
there we go bingo boy boy this is cool
hey buddy
did heats food in my son just do that
that's good stuff Holly what are you
doing in there oh my gosh very
comfortable I remember I used to play
these all the time Oh we'd go to Chuck E
Cheese they have a ball thing and I like
jumping it it was like the coolest thing
ever all right Missy and I are gonna
play some hardcore mega four and a line
what is this game call for what four in
a row so I go first because I said so
this is really hard this is a hard game
oh ho I got three hey I get Coraline in
her cute little rainbow too too
she's got a magic wand even yeah yeah
okay yeah this is happening
that cool buddy oh my gosh there's a dog
Missy who's that who's that my boy who's
that waiting here
well these delicious sweet they have
this is actually Oreo we're ki I know
cool we've got six and a pickle cake
with a cup mmm this is just really cute
little Greenberg
yeah a rainbow I get it
we worked baby Olli out pretty good is a
sound asleep now that's so funny totally
he's gonna miss cake yeah it's pretty
much over it you see we got some really
weird party favors we're not quite sure
what this is this folds out to really
want okay I can't do it you know I see
things at the game hey forget all around
like I don't think that's really what it
is you guys know what this is let me
know if you do in the comment should I
look it maybe it's candy what is it try
it no she's paper I just saw the new
chalkboard it's so pretty
Bryan we need to decorate do you like it
yeah I just done so cute I think that
you could do more with it um you know I
was thinking about just going simple and
then you know adding to it some frosting
on the window maybe some uh snowflakes
hey you're born Christmas tree like so
it's like frosted like a window
by the way I've sped up right there and
I always been up on me what are you
doing
Kharma guys baby all he is so vain he's
looking in the mirror right now and
totally checking himself out yes yeah
I'm pretty ha really impressed with
yourself there huh yeah fighting again
that's pretty stinking adorable all
right guys I'm gonna call it a night
we're going to say good night
good night all you boppers huh
auf wiedersehen goodbye if you haven't
yet go check out our new North Shore
daily bumps merch calm we have iPhone
cases Galaxy cases shirts thank you to
everyone who has been sending donations
to the blue pearl project thank you to
everyone who's been donating to that and
buying karma cases all those proceeds
are going to them as well you're just
amazing every single day like I read
your tweets and your messages and it's
just really awesome you guys you guys
are pretty cool do you know that is it
pretty cool but anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog give it a big fat
thumbs up if you did and as always we
will see you tomorrow bye that is too
much don't do it Missy
ladies and gentlemen my wife knocks your
door okay your folks gonna fall hang on
Hank
if that is a glass bottle of salsa that
you are going to have to clean up
