and we're a half Tori Kelly's live
reaction for buying and Missy landing
and baby oli baby always dancing honest
I had a Brian and Missy I'm doing
nothing random Missy yes and baby oli
baby Olli I love you guys
oh my gosh that's so cute that B we all
eat like raspberries oh you have to get
real cured in a second huh
and frisbees long doc you wanted this is
our son baby
just gonna do amazing things in my
bicycle riding my bicycle
my name's baby Holly and I'm writing my
vows like are you doing to make some
happy is so bad like 10 seconds ago
man I buy ooh I'm gonna go fast you're
right we're going on
look at this mommy multi-tasking get our
makeup dizzle while baby Ali sleeps yep
it's hard to do hard to do when you're
let me see far away wait let me see let
me see
yeah you look hot and then wondering why
there's a bright pink bunny here I think
we got this one a subscriber huh you did
get it a bunny you want to buy a bunny
now just hang down on her sink
boom you guys are wondering about the
little clip I put the beginning I was
actually sent to us by a fan who
actually hung out with Tori Kelly and
showed her my little Instagram of baby I
like dancing to treasure that was so
cute I really love Tori Kelly she's so
cool she's so talented if you guys don't
have her CD go get it I actually met her
out of hunger games premiere I don't
know how many times I told you this and
Missy's cousin actually used to play in
her band and like knows her really well
and stuff like that but I was cute
though baby oli jamming out to her child
oh look at me he is like flooded in hair
we're gonna find hair in his diaper now
huh yeah do we any boy you look like
cousin it when you do that
or poor baby get them out of that now
you definitely look like cousin it guys
guess what Missy finished the book The
Hunger Games book I didn't really give
them a chance to guess guess what you
finished it huh yep and now I'm on the
second book and now you are you do like
reading on your iPhone more cuz your
iPads literally right there I was
sometimes because it's like smaller and
since I have to like hold him yeah
people asking about that basically she
has iBooks on her iPhone and her iPad
and she has all the books loaded on
there like we just have like the e-book
for it and it syncs up like when you
read it and stuff so you can she had her
phone and all right just go straight to
that day and read the same page
hello who's walking into our house did
you literally just walk in darlin thank
god you're here I'm starving you guys
I'm totes jelly terilyn got the gold
iPhone I'm so jealous it's really black
you can barely tell it's really cool
it's so cool oh it's so sweet
cry oh so this is the old this is your
old one you're going from a four-door 5s
that's pretty dope girl yeah oh and
guess what we just did um iPhone 5 cases
so now you can buy one of our nifty
iPhone 5 cases for it oh that is slick
terilyn so basically you just brought me
a project I get to set that up for you
we have a live chat in like three and a
half hours but we're gonna go we're
hanging out with my cousin Carolyn and
she's hanging out with her birthday
buddy she's like making him smile she's
like he's like pinching his cheek I used
to
hi-yah
so he thinks he's pretty cool cuz she's
sitting back there with him and he's
pretty happy he was like why is Danny
back here no one suspected he just
stares at her open Hey look at this
sweet v-dub we just parked next to it
looks like they're from it's a that's
like an ink like a London plate or like
I say London but no but I mean you know
what I mean like Europe but it's not
white that is so cool and of course
apart outside of Freebirds
what up babe he's got glass bottles of
coke in there that's how legit hipster
here we were just talking about how
weird it must be to watch someone eat
all the time that's all all he does is
just watch us eat everyone now sing hey
hey dude
I'm boring him with you guys Missy likes
free birds now her
barber to do with rice and meanness
that's a taco that mean I like free
birds that means you like flipper it
does Missy what do you do okay no no
that is too much that is too much don't
do it Missy
ladies and gentlemen my wife quick knock
your door guys okay your folks gonna
fall hang on if that is a glass bottle
of salsa that you are gonna have to
clean up because I'm not making that
poor girl clean it up
missingno they say no Missy I know I'm
still recording but no no okay you're
done you're so crazy
come on
Oh baby all I just spit up ten minutes
for the live chat come on dude can
you're like together what's wrong with
you team are you so sad babe make them
better fix up the channel but he's in
his bananas or mommy shirt you know now
that we have baby clothes on our merch
store we need to get him one by the way
that's what we're dancing on our
livestream that's pretty cool
well there's also something else hey hey
but I really do like the rompers let's
say hey or iheart DB check it out guys
this is all the merch we're gonna be
giving away for the livestream well
let's see these are our options okay
there's like 30 shirts here okay but
yeah we have a nice list of trivia put
together we're gonna be giving away some
merch we're gonna be tweeting some
people some Starbucks gift cards it
starts in how long are you not ready did
you your hair 15 min just 15 minutes and
all she wants to do is watch Colleen
come on we are live streaming it up with
you guys look at that's us this is you
Oh everyone should say hi now okay wait
yeah let's go to the comment I have like
a million tabs open right now it's nine
funny I to yourself everyone's saying hi
on Twitter hi from England New Jersey
Oregon best thing ever first like chat
but loving it Shan yeah maybe all he is
so cute Springfield Massachusetts here
look at everyone saying hi to themselves
show Q ok Oliver's gonna say hi to you
guys ok this is the first time he's ever
met you Hey hi are you going ran in
tashkent baby ollie
oh he's so cute
we're having such a fun time you guys
during the live chat we have it we have
it given our announcement away but
that's coming we are giving away some do
boosts word and people are getting
excited and we trended you guys we
trended on Twitter how crazy is that
okay let me show you this I have a
picture that a viewer sent us look at
that you guys hashtag DB like cat is
trending that's so crazy thank you guys
so much that was just insane
I I'm freaking out about it still cuz
we're currently in the live chat okay
we're gonna go back cuz we want to talk
to you guys okay bye
hey buddy whoa
oh no it's okay right as I start walking
there we go now we're gonna move this
case gonna move this going for a ride go
for right Oh give bouncy bouncy men do
you see how much that bounce babe oh my
gosh also put like this shocked face on
him you're okay
you okay did you have fun at the live
chat if you did me the cool announcement
about helping out the horsies with our
new merch store huh
yeah of course I forgot to mention if
you use the code early 20 you'll get 20
percent off your order until November
12th so that's pretty cool
guys go check it out in the description
excited to get him a little romper
wanted a little romper that says hey so
you can match daddy yeah oh and I did
want to say to um you know we we wanted
to get this merch store going because so
many people were like you should do this
you should do this I want to buy this I
want to buy this so we added a lot of
new products and a lot of new like
customizable things where you can change
like the colors of your shirts and stuff
so if there's something there that you
guys see and you want then leave a
comment below and let us know what we
should add because there might be things
that we could add in the future as well
hey hey you happy baby you hey baby he
was so cute on the live chat he actually
smiled at you guys ha if you did put
that tongue away put it away
you get to do it you can't do it yet
you're almost there though are you
playing playing with all your stuff okay
I'm practically playing with that stuff
this thing is so funny okay sing a song
on here that says cake up picture please
share a smile save it in a file this is
weird
I know it's funny because we're teaching
our kids to like save things on the
computer anyway don't print it out and
put it in your saving a file this is a
kid's toy I like take a picture and save
it in a file so weird you're gonna go
how to say things and files before you
even know what a computer is huh hey
check this out I'm Shana reasoner um
after the live chat today she drew you
huh that's me and that buddy yeah that's
that's my shirt and I guess me holding
baby Olli she said sorry baby Ollie
looks so funny that looks like a devil
doesn't it but that's me that is so cool
how can you draw me draw me too I'm
easier to draw obvious cuz you're so
pretty I love your oh you did I look so
cool
man after that live chat I was so
exhausted so tired and now I feel I
don't feel good at all I feel like
really sick I mean tummy hurts
hey chocolate on me I would always
really shirts Pass he actually is
watching baby all day I'm gonna try and
take a shower and relax a little bit
brains working and all that so I don't
know I just don't fo'get I don't know
what is up hopefully maybe I just need a
little bit of rest and then flutter has
just brought big y'all in look at this
he's asleep you guys
it's like it just leave it's kind of
good like my hair aunty put you to sleep
didn't she oh you guys look at Missy's
hair it looks all cool is it oh it's wet
yeah this is what your hair looks like
when you don't do anything to it
yeah dang you're like a lion guy haha
thank you to everyone who watched the
live chat I'm super stoked I got tons of
shirts and we're gonna be sending out to
some to the winners but I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog give it a thumbs up if
you did and go check out the new marsh
site it's seriously awesome and be sure
to leave in the comments what you guys
want to see in the future don't forget
to use that code early 20 to get 20% off
your order I totally forgot to mention
that during the live chat so look at
baby Olly and as Keo Bayon AK how about
you could ever see his mean egg because
it is chubby hey no there it is
there's your B night alright guys we'll
see you tomorrow bye yeah like food got
here like I can't
look at all these bottles hey babe did
you hug a brewer did you hug a brewer
before we left
I think we left Oliver's binky inside
the restaurant so I have to go and then
he doesn't cry but as soon as I stopped
doing it he cries we need that dinky
come on Brian find that binky
