okay so this looks like an electric wire
right here and one of these girls has to
touch it boy he's gonna do amazing
things good I mean good morning haze
happy baby yeah these little guys
reacted this morning he just wants to
bounce and like play them bad that's
totally him if he was big enough for the
exersaucer that would be so nice cuz
then he could just sit and play and
bounce in it watching the crew - baby
Olly he's seriously watching really yeah
we tried to swivel me too but I think it
was too quiet oh yeah this is a lot of
action going on lots of different colors
down good morning guys and happy Friday
well it's ready for us it's Saturday for
you which means that the live chat is to
do so if you're watching this at the
time that the vlog goes up at 10 a.m.
it's actually going to be in 6 hours so
that's pretty awesome look my hair you
guys do you see how long it's getting
already when did I get this cut like
maybe two weeks ago the sides are
already long and the top is getting why
haha I don't know what to do with it
anymore I think it's time for another
haircut what do you guys think let me
know in the comments
should I do something crazy for the next
time like maybe like some like lines
like cool like lines what do you think
babe come on let me shave some cool
design of my hair we so hip though your
initials I would not be cool Missy is
reading The Hunger Games he almost done
yeah 100 pages left read it do it so we
can watch the movie okay this is gonna
finish the book my battery's flashing I
got to change it as vloggers in the
morning you got to change your battery
every morning
so I am taking off again to go to the
ranch with my sister and all her friends
and vidyalay staying here hi he's fed
and happy and gonna hang out with Daddy
huh
you beautiful yeah go away mom uh yeah
actually he's pretty much tired so he'll
probably not but I'm good cuz I had to
edit your console Friday video and I
just can't do it with him right here
yeah I don't cute you staggered your
longer we go cuddling my stuff up high
falls lady he's so happy and I got me
this one got fun
I know well good luck with that just one
fun fine Oh babies just wanna have fun
let's go you guys take forever
really I have it take you forever I'm
like an hour late right yeah bye Carla I
wish you could come with us
Ali and Daddy hanging out he's staring
at you guys
she's just the cutest thing ever
watching them eat your stuff drink
things for them leave Paige
she's got our friends here to help right
now we're cleaning that poop with the
horses hi dude how are you
this horse is hilarious it will not get
off this what is that they don't love
it's gonna eat the gun gonna eat you it
must just like colorful things I think
it likes the yellow and it likes the
think it would like to eat oh no no no
no okay grab the string he loves this
like this should be touching back I
can't leave a pet it's so pretty I love
the colors going for them what do you
want you want the yellow I think he
likes the color hey teach baby endo how
was your nap ah did you off good luck up
did you did you did you have a good yard
do you feel refreshed did you do huh
okay so this looks like an electric wire
right here and one of these girls has to
touch it do it stir really fast just
grab onto it and crab kasi and they show
it together do it come on someone do it
tap it real quick go here
Oh baby Ollie's getting some play time
in looking at all the cool little
colorful things I'm telling him dude you
look at you can grab this one grab it
grab the hippo grab the hippo oh sad
story about the hippo the black Western
hippo no Western Rhino oh I guess not
hippo that went extinct I read that the
other day in the news this is a hippo
toe working yeah rhinos have horns right
hippos don't he's a little hippo I've
been doing so good with his schedule
lately he just took a really good nap
and now he's gonna do some playtime I
was actually able to edit Missy's casual
Friday video which was just really
really insane you guys like she
explained it to me yesterday
I'm and showed me the picture and I was
just like oh my gosh like first of all I
can't believe all of her made it as far
as he did that's insane
Karma's gonna what are you doing he's
sniffing the baby
he's just playing hi it's seriously a
miracle that that that kid is even here
right now it's it's insane when I look
at him and I'm think about everything he
had to do to come into this world you
know we got pregnant two other times and
we ended up losing those pregnancies and
it was really rough for us and so now we
sort of have answers and it's really
crazy now we can sort of move forward
towards surgery look toward fixing this
so we can have more kids
- awesome should we should we have more
kids you guys comment below how many
kids do you guys think we should have
the Olly is a miracle and we also I mean
if you guys don't know the song that
plays in the intro and the outro is
actually called miracle in the making
and it was written and produced just for
baby Olly so if you guys want to go
watch the video we put together - that
song and listen to the whole song I'll
have it linked below - alright I'm gonna
watch baby Olly play I've got this sweet
one right here we are brushing hey now
huh
Cassie's got that one over there
oh hi I don't know so that these both
need names and so yeah I think that you
guys should name this one is really
sweet but shy she's really beautiful all
white hunched up and this one you are a
talker I'm gonna eat roll camera that's
gonna do watching Curious George with
baby Olli let him grab onto the hippo
you doing so good buddy grabbing on all
right we're all done brushing yeah he's
ready
what's my angle to be on on the left
side on their left side good luck now we
got to take you back huh
she is extremely strong and does not
like to go where she's supposed to he
likes to go off and and eat stuff so I'm
gonna try and do it when she sees Hey
she just takes off for it and doesn't go
back my wife seriously reeks did what
you do like Rumble around in the dirt
with them
you guys I can't even explain like I can
smell it right there babe it's bad you
need a shower
she needs a shower you guys look at my
hot wife y'all Oh check it out check it
what I kind of with this elegant cowgirl
a little bit yeah great thank you here I
like it and I just don't haven't had
matching shoes I wear these too many
training shoe number yeah she was at
talk to the moms view and she was on the
Mount did you guys know she's on the
moms view I wasn't on shoot so it's fun
ally what do you think I'm mommy you
like her outfit you approve
he did not just say that did he say that
hey he's told me multiple times that I'm
his favorite right that was for realism
we got full screen shirts fullscreen
swag check it out shout out the
fullscreen thank you that's so cool
six baller yeah I really like their
shirts if you don't know fullscreen is a
network partying youtube I don't even
know what it is oh my god is so funny
trying to
it's just our YouTube network
essentially are you dude Network so
basically we're partnering through them
and so they're just kind of cool company
I guess they hook us up with free swag
yo we're just running around doing
errands and stuff all these sleeping
Yoli sleeps in the cars are you doing
the car dude
check it out and see 47 days till
Christmas that gives you 47 days to give
me a ps3 okay
who or what are these gentlemen's Jack
rare Tennessee whiskey I could be like
one of those fancy old guys who drink
whiskey what do you think no yeah
some at DIA
Wow Bolin we needed a car he said no
don't you depart we're just getting this
now he's got to carry that I got some of
these spiced apple wreaths
it smells like spiced apples basically
then there's a glazed cranberry pumpkin
hey where did my husband go oh there he
is where were you doing what were you
making faces
what and I got a warm-up hazelnut I
don't want to interrupt you because I
know this is like really really riveting
uh-huh but we got to go okay okay but I
also got a warm hazelnut today today Oh
toddy nothing today
can you guys see me I don't even care
I'm so excited we're going into Cairo
straws it's a new micro is it oh did we
consider a microbrewery
I think it's considered a micro brewery
and restaurant they have amazing food
and they just opened up and so I'm so
stoked we're gonna go in a try okay
Missy that's where they brew the brusque
are you oh I just got it brewski that's
why it's called Brut did you get that
because they brew it in this place right
you guys it looks like we're in a barn
doesn't it it's like a big ol barn so
cool we got a big ol growler says Carl
I wonder who has Strauss apparently you
can just get whatever beer you like and
they'll put it in a growler for you and
then you can take it home so I got the
November flight and apparently give you
four little taster beers of all these
different kinds I don't know if that
means anything to you guys I only tried
this one and it's really good look at
their little glasses it brought me this
random taster and I'm not even kidding
it smells like a pine tree and it tastes
not weird it smelled like pine it's so
weird this he's trying really hard to
finish Hunger Games and I told her it
syncs up with her iPad so she can just
jump right on her iPhone pretty handy
huh are you gonna finish it tonight I
really think so I'm really trying you're
so close yeah yum I got the sirloin
Missy got a burger let's just have
really good mac and cheese here actually
did you try it back on tap back on tap
now having fun well more seemed like
some has we're eating yeah he's left as
soon as our food got here like okay
look at all these bottles hey babe did
you hug a brewer did you hug a brewer
before we left I think we left
Oliver his binky inside the restaurant
so I have to go and then he doesn't cry
but as soon as I stopped doing it he
cries
we need that binky come on Brian fine
not binky nothing okay so um get this
there was a pacifier and they threw it
away
they threw it away I know and now I'm a
screaming baby and I lost my mic my
everything like even the little trip why
would I throw it away I don't know I
know I told him I was like we literally
just laughs she's like yeah I was
digging through the trash um to get it
for you but then I realized you know
it's in the trash and I was just like
wow okay that's my stuff I'm going about
me right now I'm getting one even though
I can't use it right away but I only I
don't even have any I can only have two
it's okay buddy
let the smell of baby powder calm you
look at those poor little eyes look at
those daddy wanted binky back I'm gonna
have to get him another pair these ones
go in the dark though are you sure all
right gonna give baby Olly this fresh
binky no karma soft for you and it had
no Karma he just touched it with his no
I wanted to give him the one with the
monkey on it all right he's got no one
with the moon on it this one's saying
you stay away from this one karma he's
having horrible luck with binky son it's
okay babe the jokes on them
I took their pen
good Hey all right guys live chat today
don't miss it we'll see you guys
tomorrow
fine don't eat them okay all you eat
that Ramon eat them open your mouth
dad you forgot to tell her thumbs up the
vlog thumbs it up guys
that's it up with your fingers yeah okay
you can't say who is that who was a
person is there a person in May it was
free I was totally free yell is like
about to cry guys I was really like
upset that they're not supposed to be
pregnant and yeah so and this is not a
good thing to do I mean obviously it
wouldn't be good if that you weren't
part I felt I felt very confident I
wasn't pregnant but she really scared me
when she said who's that who is that I
mean you
