hanging on online Oliver that's the
cutest sound we've ever heard from you
is it cold are you doing here changes
driver for me this is our son baby boy
she's gonna do amazing things
good morning this little guys eating
well not really what's he doing he's
sucking no no I don't hear in swallowing
sighs he's just bored relaxing is it how
he relaxes this he's headed to go to
appointment and she's leaving me here
and she's taking all the lollipop fun
with my boy good morning guys so we are
off to my doctor's appointment that I
tried to do last week but there was this
big ol problem with the doctor not being
there and so this time hopefully I get
it actually done but I really have to
pee I drink like two bottles that were
17 ounces so that would mean having
outside ring for 34 ounces plus I'm sure
oh I also drink a little bit of Gatorade
and I'm sure my bladder is about to
burst cuz it hurts really badly but me
my mom are often hard to Ollie while I
get my ultrasound and hopefully isn't
her I was really nervous last time and
then I told you guys I'm really nervous
and you guys were like it doesn't hurt
that bad don't worry
don't stress so now I was like calm down
but I'm still scary I mean they have to
like stick a catheter in there and like
oh that's called in s sis so it's a
saline infused sonogram they actually
put saline into my uterus and then they
do an ultrasound
Wow it's kind of weird and they
determine whether I have whatever I have
a bi corner is septum both whatever I'm
still nervous but hopefully it goes okay
good morning karma how do you like your
new bed you like it you like a better
sleep and not on our bad huh it's so
comfy got karma this new bed yesterday
because trying to keep him off of ours
as much as possible but he left his keep
in here huh
see Deb don't look at our bed I haven't
made it yet
that's probably I'm probably will see
that before I start vlogging I was able
to get some work done this morning and
now I'm headed to the gym
Missy's at her appointment and I think
it's gonna be a while kind of feel bad
for her because she's telling me some
things they have to do and it just
doesn't sound very comfortable and uh
I'm just really glad that I'm a guy
girls have to go through a lot of crap
let me tell you the always gets on me
because of the way I make the bed
I literally just grab the sheet in the
comforter and pull it up it's probably
not oh she wants me to make the bed but
it's like I'm not gonna spend like
forever making the bed look all perfect
when we're just gonna sleep in it
no I'm saying anyone else lazy bed
makers out there don't even care
watch boom bed made alright so he just
left and I was trying like I want to
vlog in there but it's always just rush
my fresh doctors are pushing around
doing stuff so there's not really any
way to do it but do you guys are liars
I'm just gonna call you out okay that
was really painful like really really
uncomfortable I was I was about to cry
and I don't cry al haaj when he comes up
but I don't know if I was just like
extra sensitive or not but I didn't like
it at all they did they'll just and we
got a lot of really good information so
I'm probably just gonna do a video about
it that way I can kind of explain it all
to you but I will say there was a time
when I had a mini heart attack so um
you're not supposed to be pregnant
during this procedure because they stick
fluid into the uterus as she's doing the
the ultrasound she says who's that and I
was like what and like me my mom like
buh buh buh heart attack right yeah and
she's like and then she looks at me and
she goes when when was your last period
that's what she's getting yeah yeah okay
and I was like oh like 15 months ago and
she's like okay I was like did you just
say who's that
and she's like yeah that's just what I
call like little things and I see like
little bumps like okay you can't say who
is that who was a person is there a
person in me I was free I was totally
free gala is like about to cry cuz I was
really like upset it
it's not supposed to be pregnant then
yeah so and this is not a good thing to
do I mean obviously it wouldn't be good
that you weren't pregnant I thought I
felt very confident I wasn't pregnant
but she really scared me when she said
who's that who is that
I mean you kept referring to the bump
says him yeah uh yeah then can you
measure him
yeah can you measure him measure him yes
I was I really thought I was gonna cry
but in the end she was just talking I
guess that's just
she says that those things usually wreak
havoc so she could refer them as boys
because boys wreak havoc like they do
nothing but they cause problems yeah
that's exactly what she said so I was
like okay well that's not funny that's
not funny joke look you guys Oliver and
I are both eating lunch together mm-hmm
I'm having a battery dog post-workout
burrito I was really bad today I'm all
out of spinach so I didn't make my green
smoothie and I didn't eat anything so
the first time I'm eating today is not
one o'clock I know it's really bad yell
at me I'm sorry but this little guy he's
drinking out of a bottle he's like
that's not a boobie I want this bottle
to go to waste I want to show you this
to you guys our fridge right now is like
Pat with like a ton of good stuff well
miss you have like water balls in here
too we got um squirt root beer vitamin
water shock top yeah I don't think it's
ever been this full babe and there's
lots of milk if you're ever feeling you
know a little adventurous just some milk
up things ooh that'll work I've lately
been hooked on power sea dragon fruit
vitamin water though so good hai-yah
always gonna stay here and hang out with
Brian while me and Cassie go play with
the horsies and so Oliver you're gonna
be good you can be a good boy look at
that mysterious look hey I never you we
are headed to the ranch today just me
and Cassie this time and we're gonna
volunteer thank you Cassie look how
pretty that one it is there's like a
pink over there I still haven't been
able to like to meet them all there's
just so many horses it's crazy
they have like 75 horses on this ranch
that's a lot of horses do some good time
what do you say oh that's not what you
say what is cool look what these there's
a moon there's it to where there's a
hippo look it's we need to poo I don't
know what to do piling he's not happy
he's mad play jeez he got picture please
might be enjoying it now me and Cassie
are hanging out we are also filling up
water hanging out this one's name is
Louise and she's really sweet
hello Louise how are you like uh why do
you have a camera and why is it in my
face Hans being over there they pee a
lot I'm good yeah then we're gonna take
him out now and go brush some are you
ready he got a very cranky baby on my
hands so trying to walk around with him
how come here everyone want me to vlog
you you always looked the other way he's
happy if I hold him and bounce him and
come outside nice fresh air huh it's
nice out here how hot is that let's see
it is 80 degrees that's not bad it's not
bad at all probably hot if you're
working on a horse like Missy as though
tsehai what do you do I can't throw I
can't dude I'll have enough arms sorry
bring the frisbee reads me bring drop it
drop it drop it alright you ready
Oh yep he's destroyed that frisbee we
gotta get him one of those Kong ones a
lot of you have been suggesting Kong
it's a very good brand very durable and
stuff hanging out with this one again we
still don't know her name he actually
just holds me like a little earlier
I cannot remember what is your name you
guys like the camera don't you oh I
think they're all hungry it's dinner
time so we're gonna leave you to eat
okay he likes you what's me Rio just
came inside the house and the curtains
the curtains are closed how do we get
out boy how do we do
turn turn huh there we go hello Rio Rio
and this one did not get along very well
do you
he's like me hopeful didn't want to grab
the camera
how's it give them kiss I just want to
grab the camera huh little big oh I am
getting some work done Missy is still
hanging out with the horsies hey got
baby Olli in the swing he's swinging
away enjoying life some people are
asking about the comments how did the
comments change on YouTube so if you
guys don't know don't have a Google+
account I would get one because YouTube
is pretty much meshing the two together
we kind of have we're forced to do it a
couple months ago and now commenters are
forced to do it if you want us to reply
at all to your comments essentially now
when you leave a comment you click this
little box and and it says also share on
Google+ if you don't have that checked
then we can't reply to you so it by
default it shows the top comments so
it's going to show like our comment for
with all the replies and then like the
top most voted comments and stuff but if
you go to newest first you'll see the
new comments at the top and then the
bottom comments are obviously older
comments and stuff like that so I think
they just sort of revamped it up a
little a lot of people get really mad
when YouTube where Google changes
anything and then they sort of get used
to it and then it becomes the norm and
stuff so I leave in the ranch
Cassie's closed it up and she just
closed yourself inside of it she all
just closed it I'm like Cassie rocks
eyes like oh god what do you think golly
are we sick of the Sun yet I know I'm
sick of this song what do you think we
do fine huh catchy little bird that's a
little son with a little mirror yellow
monsters on your feet huh yes you do
have little monsters on your feet gotta
work about half man just talking like
crash that's gone Pema hey boy are you
doing down here
doing down here oh hello okay he just
jumps right on up here none none that's
almost a giggle Oliver that's the cutest
that we've ever heard from you so this
is our baby he's pretty cute
sometimes he smells good and sometimes
he smells like throw-up but that's okay
because he loved me anyway how should
you mmm we put this kid in the car seat
for five minutes and he's out at the
store looking at Christmas stuff popcorn
balls
these are faller mmm so good
peanutbutter cups babe they're too huge
peanut butter cups look what I found you
guys fresh fried flounder oh I dare you
to try it no way you try no you try it
okay I'm gonna try it here
it's flounder
oh that's so good babe just really got
like I would like it yes you would like
it it tastes a bit like calamari
no beating the addiction the Gatorade
addiction that's too many babe 115 I'm
on page 196 up how many 350 so she's
more than halfway you guys that's
exciting and you like it you actually
like it yeah I'll probably finish it
tonight I decided to put him in this
cute bathrobe adorable I don't often put
him in this because why would I put a
baby that can't even walk in a bathrobe
I mean it's kind of pointless but it's
so Chad looks like we're almost out of
pajamas we got to do laundry this is
what you're wearing to bed okay all
ready for bed funny these pajamas say
war for the lion snap for the crocodile
and for the elephant what does an
elephant do apparently it trumpet I mean
isn't trumpet like an instrument doesn't
seem like an trumpet can you trumpet
you're going through comments from
yesterday's vlog and bokade said
sometimes I noticed you guys sneak
footage in like you put footage from two
days to one vlog haha it's not a bad
thing because I noticed that too from
other vloggers it's not hilarious
Jay Carl just talked about doing that on
the Shaytards we've actually never done
that and let me tell you we have
absolutely no problem filling a 15
minute vlog at very minimum we will we
record like 30 minutes but it's becoming
a norm for us to record like 40 minutes
of footage and then I have to cut that
into 15 minutes I'm not sure what she's
saying but yeah we never do that I think
it's so cool how you can have like a
thread of conversation like you can
start a conversation and then like talk
and reply under the same comment I think
that's really cool so here's what I want
you guys to do go into the comments
below
find someone who looks nice and friendly
and happy in and cool and reply to them
and just get a conversation going and
start talking to people about the vlog I
want to see your guys conversations
today and maybe I'll jump in on some to
morrow is the live chat it's on Saturday
at 4:00 p.m. Pacific Standard Time you
can RSVP to the link in the description
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
if you did give it a thumbs up I have a
challenge for you guys too today the
other day I told you guys to push the
thumbs up button with your foot on your
mouse
today I want you to do it with your nose
make it happen a lot of people actually
did it and it's really easy if you're on
your iPad or your iPhone because you can
just touch the screen to notes and it
works all right guys we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
