good morning good morning from this
little sock monkey are you are you gonna
put smiles on been putting me on today
huh we got a busy day today
I think some of those K this is all son
baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things I got
all kinds of stuff to do I am gonna head
to the rent today to go and work with
the horses a little bit daddy's gonna be
in charge for a little bit I'm getting
so far my book I'm so excited I'm
starting to like really get into it and
maybe I'll actually get to finish it I'm
actually thinking that maybe it'll be
possible I will say though little dude I
gotta get you ready for today how are
you here to help when you help change ah
like diaper come on yeah you help I know
he's ready he's ready he's ready to
clown around I can do Oliver thank you
all handsome in your guilt walk outfit
we can have a good day yeah Oh knows I'm
all out of spinach Holly I'm on a
spinach to Juiz oh did you eat all my
spinach Jonathan spinach he wants to
suck on that blanket is what he wants to
do you supposed to be doing there he's
getting ready to go work on the farm and
she wants to give them baby carrots kids
we have baby eye baby carrot baby
carrots gonna batter up I hear they
don't even have anything good right
there just a normal carrot they make I'm
gonna into a baby carrot really pretty
yeah I need some real cowgirl boots yeah
I have somebody I only have no are you
gonna like go up on the horse and like
get a rope and then like cleaner and
then like go prayer and then be like
you're just gonna go shovel poo maybe I
can't wait I just wanna like brush them
and talk to them
mommy's gonna go work on the farm today
huh
blew an apple there you go you need a
couple more apples you need about 74
more apples babe you win over here I
have to win over all the horses you
would agree to fight he would have so
much fun with all the chickens I don't
he's not eat chicken tomorrow crazy we
just eat them he went totally eat the
tuna okay Judy's young all right so I'm
off to the ranch and I can't believe I'm
going to a ranch and I'm gonna go like
work on it with horses I'm just
excited guys I know you probably don't
really understand it but I'm just I'm so
excited this is like a dream thing for
me and I never really thought it would
be possible and although it's just like
a volunteer thing and it's not like I
have my own horse my own ranch it's just
so cool that I get to actually help out
other horses who have had maybe a tough
life and stuff it's just really cool I'm
also like really nervous because it's
been a long time like I grew up with
horses for a little while
um and then I had horseback riding
lessons in high school and I've had you
know my little con every time I come in
contact with a horse I just I always
feel like I have like like I can just
like talk to them or something and then
I just like jump on their back usually
if and I'll just I'll just ride around
on horse bareback like it's just so much
fun and I really enjoy it and it's just
something that I've always like how to
passion for and now I finally feel like
you know I can go here and I can just
you know get to know all these horses
and just really exciting but I'm nervous
cuz it's just been so long since I've
done something like this and I hope that
like I still have it or I can still like
you know just I don't know I I'm just
really excited I'm also just nervous the
ollie fell asleep just fall while I was
just watching some YouTube and now he's
sleeping that was easy
I'm I got this in the bag hey karma off
the bed you supposed to be on the bed
come on get down off the bed come on we
got to get you your own bed today kay
went your own bed today it's gonna take
a while to like get into the swing of
things again and like remember how
everything works and stuff I'm almost
there so we're gonna see what we're
gonna be doing today might be put might
be shoveling poop okay so this is
sapphire sapphire you're beautiful hey
guy you okay got a look that's a girl yo
so we are picking up poop that's what
we're gonna do we're gonna muck this
stall this one knows me oh it's cool cuz
like these horses they have a
personality and
they're just they're so sweet no
precious I don't know how I'm gonna get
you worked on when all I want to do is
just cut them and of them just want
enough on you yeah okay let's get some
work done okay let's clean up your poop
I found out what this for clothes
you had a good nap ha
now he's farting up a storm yeah yeah
there's something going on in down your
junkie GUI dude it that's gonna be fun
to clean up let me tell you
sapphire really likes me gonna eat them
you're gonna
so I'm changing baby Olli but now that
he's so big I have to lay him sideways
paw on the counter but now looking now
look you can look at yourself who's that
who there's another baby in the mirror
where's another baby in the mirror okay
you can look at yourself now you want me
King you're deeper you can put this cool
one on with the robots and the
spaceships yeah karma wants to help so
this is roxy and i sharted you guys
yesterday and she's super beautiful
really sweet she's a little shy I feel
like she's like sad or something I don't
know I'm actually thinking about
sponsoring her maybe getting to ride her
and stuff and she's she's really really
sweet I'm gonna go out take her out and
maybe brush her and talk to her and
stuff huh there you go if you had that
boy he really loves this little camera
thing sit it feels like this is coming
nice file well Roxy will not let me take
her out he's just a little bit of
stubborn horse but this one she's really
sweet aren't you yes you are I love her
banks they like come way down I kind of
I feel like they should be cut or
something it's like going in their eyes
you're really sweet maybe I'll take you
out this is actually Roxy's roommate
um they were like they've been together
for a long time but we don't know this
one's name alright so I got no name
guess we'll name this one hashtag no
name huh we're gonna go for a little
walk
maybe brush her and hang out huh sorry
Roxy I really wanted to take you girl I
don't know she write this one might be
available to sponsor too so we'll have
to see see what your story is
hey that better to position yourself
think that's better
he was able to take a really good nap
daddy actually got some work done huh
that never happened or mommy's still out
playing with the horses yes he is
you miss her but well it's fun when she
gets back we'll just take care of that
little trouble so happens when you're a
parent no shame
look at these two cuties what nope karma
careful trying to do some tummy time
over here look at these big old blues I
just left I had a lot of fun I mostly
just you know cleaned up the stalls and
stuff but still have fun getting to you
know meet all the horses and hang out
and stuff I definitely want to go back
and either ride or like brush them I was
able to like do one but I didn't
understand their setup because the
people aren't there that usually tell
you how to do it also I was just kind of
going with it it was a lot of fun though
I really enjoyed myself I am filthy
though I got to go home take a shower
before I can even hold my baby bacon
peanut butter and nanner sandwiches for
lunch and I've also got chicken and
dumpling soup going mommy's on her way
home so baby all he's getting excited
not really he's jamming out to Paramore
and just possibly kind of quiet
he just possibly Karma's like you smell
so good where'd you go you came back and
you smell like animals it's like mom
what did you do you got your boots all
dirty I don't know if that's a good
thing or a bad thing no they didn't make
pretty boots you know mom's home when
you find pants in the kitchen cuz that's
what she does she just take them off
everything anywhere let alone her Ryan
was earlier wearing his blue
long sleeve shirt and he's changed why
because it feels weird on him no okay I
was wearing a long-sleeve shirt whenever
I wear long sleeve shirt I always roll
the sleeves up and they get all
stretched out and then I want to I want
to like wear the sleeves down and then
it's all like big and stretched out oh
my god it makes perfect sense babe
you're ridiculous when it comes to
clothes seriously he is ridiculous I'm
not ridiculous I just want to feel
comfortable got a new shirt on but he's
kind of crazy okay when it comes to his
clothes it's a little weird
he looks comfy he's doing here we put
the blanket in there he's dressing his
arms on it really okay this is work this
works we're shopping for a new bed you
think this is big enough you think
that's big enough for you I need a new
bed there you go it's sleepy enough I
love that looks so nice
karma needs a new bed because keeps
climbing on our bed I don't want him on
a bed anymore okay just um his dog likes
me I kind of dirty bit yeah I thought
that it though seems like a good size is
this a good size I mean he'd fit in that
too
don't have a pillow fight I swear I knew
riding boot these are nice there I'm
wearing them right now and they make my
feet kind of hot I don't know if I want
something like that but they're really
nice you want short ones you need these
oh yeah that's work out with the horses
yeah God they'd probably be scared of
those yes I'm looking for some cute
cowgirl boots I have I have a pair but I
can only find one so that doesn't really
help me you don't have a pair one yes Oh
proving to be a little difficult to try
on shoes with Oliver huh try a size
smaller yeah yeah those are cool very
cowgirl II you're gonna be a cowgirl now
does that mean that I have to be a
cowboy
you do I have to save a horse
and ride a cowboy I'll take it look at
my wife ladies and gentlemen she's
wearing two different socks what
happened this morning babe
I knew that parent know was supposed to
see my socks Karma's banging on the door
he wants to probably see his new bed
there it is here we go
karma karma look good a guy you could I
got you I got you a bed that's your bed
come on good boy yeah your bed lay down
lay down
do you love it do you love it yeah love
it Oh get this thing off of it okay I'll
take off look at him you love your bed
don't cha this is all yours okay no
longer is good you didn't good boy you
two are you know this means karma you
can't sleep on the bed any longer I know
it's sad I'm sure I'll sneak you on
there sometimes so we can we can cuddle
okay so I just got done with my workout
at the gym and I come home and sit on my
computer and this is what I see he's
like breast pad wrappers really under
another computer is that really how it
goes
no Missy and I actually just switched
essentially I ran to the gym and she
watched baby Olly and now she's running
to do yoga and now I get to watch baby
Olly so frustrated right now
I drove like all the way out here to my
yoga class which is not an easy drive
it's it's traffic and I have to leave
like a good 30 minutes before and I did
I walked up to the door at 6 o'clock
which is when my class starts and the
door was locked like like she started
the class and it's just locked and
you're not allowed to come in or out or
something I don't know I'm kind of
frustrated because I drove all the way
out here and I'm really sad I was really
looking forward to my yoga class and
plus it's it means to drive I mean I
have to take actually plan my day so
that like Oliver fed and like I mean it
takes me like planning to do something
like this I'm not even late but she'd
started the class I guess and locked me
out and
like super bummed right now yeah I got a
drive back in traffic because usually if
I had gone to Yoga traffic would be out
by now I didn't go to yoga so now I
gotta go sit in traffic that sucks
someone's gotta get up ah you okay with
that remember earlier today when you
peed and I got all over me
we both have pee on us you think yeah I
remember that so you need a sack alright
guys I hope you enjoyed the vlog if you
did give it a thumbs up please why
haven't you thumbs up the vlog already
leave a friendly comment below if you
didn't see the comments change YouTube
changed how we do comments and it's
actually really really cool let me know
what you guys think about it in the
comments below also don't forget to RSVP
to our DB live chat which is this
Saturday at 4 p.m. Pacific Standard Time
thank you for watching guys are awesome
stay golden face miss Britney legs
oh there's one the funny and the
one-legged Oh got a big one there he
thinks it's so much fun don't eat your
feet don't eat your feet don't eat your
feet don't eat your feet all right you
got all the farts out oh there's a
