go you got this you got this you got
this you got this you got this seriously
Sunday
boy they're gonna do amazing things
I see who's right there
you're pretty flexible babe no no you
should not you know I'm just continuing
to film this and the hopes that you will
fall and then I will have a viral video
okay I'm gonna do a handstand I'm ready
do it
wait why do it just lift your legs in
the air come on do it on the ledge I'm
into a cartwheel along okay
she's a pro you're a dick
good morning my little buddy hey hey guy
how you doing look at this belly button
you guys that is a beautiful looking
body button mm-hmm he's so unimpressed
right now like just changed me mm-hmm
mind your diaper hmm your neighbors in
there huh that's us it'll have to do
what are you doing in that you are Vinny
Anna your banana involved in this banana
costume the other day and yep I put baby
Olli at it it's crucial mommy
yo show mommy
he gave me orders to change his diaper
and put him in an outfit so pretty sure
I did all those hey babe look at our
baby oh my gosh hey yo my baby you think
daddy went bananas
ready don't eat the baby banana oh so
warm and comfy oh it's like a perfect
Halloween outfit so comfortable a banana
now I have to be the monkey and then we
can see monkey DNA
in us look symphony in it we're getting
vanina's I actually have to make my
green smoothie so I'll just throw you in
there huh threw you in agrees woody Oh
tip tip tip tip top look at this little
hat like it's like Quentin and like
these like can go up and then they can
like okay here let me peel the banana
yeah what do you think about that buddy
he's like I'm not amused oh now he's an
a I'm just monkeying around when Z huh
that's all you're really doing I'm just
oh I'm just thinking you know hey babe I
love your ever love lasting sweater I
know why it's so cool everyone says
everlasting love but I still think it's
love everlasting it could totally be
love everlasting although I date both
mean the same thing why did you just do
that to your hair you look like a mad
scientist they want to look just clean
my wife is going crazy look a hauler is
like mom huh fix your hair it'll take
you into the market this little piggy
did Sunday I don't know what this one
day okay this little piggy had roast
beef this little piggy had none
and this little piggy was either a pen
you still know what that one thing he
did what the one piggy do yeah okay this
one piggy went to the market this little
piggy stayed home
stayed home maybe no this little piggy
had roast beef this little piggy had
none
this little piggy went wee-wee-wee all
the way home
is that how it goes you guys what's what
does the second piggy do I don't I
seriously camera one
okay first one goes to the market in the
second one goes to the movie theater
those are the movies yeah like that's
not how it goes mom Mimi knows how it
goes haha look at these layers in my
strawberry banana green smoothie you
look so cool and actually packed like
four cups of spinach in there so bomb
you guys want to see this thing turned
green
ready sometimes this happens and it gets
stuck and you gotta give it a good shake
shake shake shake shake
shutaura shake your body right work work
work work Shannara work it out the time
it's like 62 degrees outside like really
chilly so we've got pants on today a
little sexy which I love those socks are
super warm and cozy comfy they might be
a little girly I don't know you seem a
little girly I think I could get your
jacket
I do this one I like it cuz it's really
light and we're not jacket is on he's so
cute has - I love this jacket
it's just like some jackets can be a
little bit uncomfortable and like stitch
and this one's really comfy oh I'm tired
huh huh
getting me suited up that little guy
he's gonna be in here we're actually not
gonna take the stroller which we've
never done we're gonna take him right
out it like I'm the unbuckling yeah boom
babe I don't think you'd fit in here in
the car seat so though we're traveling a
bit lighter not only do I not have a
diaper bag but I got my purse on so I
can actually just carry my purse now and
not a diaper bag he's in the carrier
which is a bit more convenient than the
Moby Wrap I will say because the movie
perhaps you gotta like wrap it all
around you and gotta get snug not all in
there and he's not going anywhere
yeah I like that we can kind of travel a
little bit lighter and just take a few
things and we're good oh great
that's water
ah it's like flashing me
like that Elmo's guy we don't define the
nearest elevator we can just take the
escalator oh so much more freedom to do
so many more activities he's looking for
some active where cuz she's gonna be
active now you guys she wants to start
doing yoga more so classes tonight and
she wants to sheets new clothes really
especially cuz it's hot yoga you got to
wear something like this babe like you
her and stains are on it gross all you
need is like a top and then like some
booty shorts it's hot yoga babe you
can't wear a whole lot of clothes at hot
yoga it's like a video game to buy it it
makes you want to buy like coca-cola
music it's like the size of me okay I
can turn the bottle oh my god so if I
want to like read it oh my god yeah
that's so weird there's no Nazi so they
do now Antonio Christmas more everyone
loves video games I just put it all over
yeah it makes you want to buy it crazy
how this generation yeah always coming
up with something else that's crazy
hang on wait for it
oh my god money
his hair got a little wet now I can
style it style the little bit of hair
that he had is he going bald you think I
think so he's going bald ball on the top
though because the back this one
actually has a lot of hair
mm Freebirds now I want burritos I told
you guys I was creating Freebirds
actually I just have to take Missy to
her yoga class and she really can't go
anywhere and this is closest place so I
was like all right this time they were
on a corne though so my burritos not as
colorful Missy just tried this try it
again tell me what you think
to try new things you guys some alfalfa
don't like applesauce smells like
applesauce
it's like alpha saw how I don't know it
does that I do it is sleeping he will
not wake up so it's 540 guys 542 it's
dark in Italy its pitch bar it is pitch
black out and it was actually dark at
5:30 - okay not that this is not good
for a vlogger my life depends on lights
yeah this depresses people right yeah
they're not getting as much sunlight as
they used to so we all start to get
really down and then we start to eat
that's why that's bad
I mean that's why winter is known to be
the time when people get get depressed
so I'm headed to my yoga class brains
dropping me off and then he's in charge
of the baby I'm gonna be in the zone I
can't I can't worry about the baby as
long as he doesn't cry I'm fine
yeah that's we told me earlier as long
as he's okay as long as doesn't fuss and
I'll hold on I'm like okay you want to
explain your little workout fail thing
so yet I didn't go all I just started
crying and I just didn't plan properly
obviously Ollie comes first calmed a bit
like yeah mom thinking you're gonna go
worked out well we were hoping this to
feed him but it just like sleeping when
I want to defeat in and so then you woke
up right before is time for me to go in
I just couldn't send them off crying
yeah I'm looking at all the big shoes
you couldn't even breastfeed he is just
like - in the pictures look at buddy
it's a monkey a monkey in the past I
looks just like you monkey Monday boy
monkey hey froggy thank you look at this
oh you like light they're light
not the elephant
good nothin pretty cool huh
me any camera camera thank you to stop
by the byebye baby room because he's
just wouldn't have it it was just a
disaster
oh what a disaster please hapter now get
that change Jim yeah we just need to
make it maybe we just don't bring him
out of the house when it is after it's
dark you know maybe we try and get
things done before 5:30 now it is hard
but it's gonna be hard but we have to do
it hi hi enemy always happen now let's
go look around look what we just found
the moustache pacifier that's adorable
you can get brown you can get brown or
black you look so cute with that baby my
god
he's a volume knob panic big ol lips
goatee oh look the cowboy and the ladies
man oh my gosh that's so cool so finally
we're home you were out way longer than
we thought we were gonna be but I still
gotta go to the gym and I'm really lucky
because my gym on the weekdays is
actually open super super late a lot
Fitness um and yes I know it's actually
LA Fitness I say laughing this cuz
that's funnier and it makes it fancy
it's a fancy gym I know we got that
birudo we're gonna ruin my hair it's all
crazy was in a hat all day flood just
misses
how's that oh good cool all I just got a
dad a happy boy so engine ready for bed
I think I'm gonna make him a pumpkin for
bedtime you can be a pumpkin for bed
time to use YouTube magic to turn you
into a pumpkin hocus-pocus
pumpkin spice turn this boy into
something nice
oh there is a pumpkin I turned you into
a pumpkin so he's had a nice bath and
now he's ready for bed I think I'm gonna
try and read a little bit of my book
some more I really want to finish it
it's just it's hard whenever I get the
time read then I fall asleep because I'm
like alright I'm gonna lay down and
relax and I read and then I just fall
asleep determined to finish this book
read the next one so that I'm all caught
up for catching fire than moving though
this happened I was looking at on the
bed I was like I want to try it on so
then I put it on and soon I have my
sheet outfit on and we have a kitty in
here and I thought I'd see if he likes
my tail well come your clothes and get
you so I got this for Brian but
apparently it definitely would only fit
me I mean it like barely fits me so I do
believe I have a tail
pretty funny Brian's gonna think I'm
such a dork when he sees this
post-workout brooch guy pose my eyebrows
guy karma hello karma are you laying on
my bed checks out you guys I just found
a new special for Aziz I'm sorry I love
Aziz Ansari it's on Netflix but look at
this you guys super HD do you know that
means misty yeah their test Netflix is
actually testing out 4k which is like
humongo it's like blu-ray for digital
you okay you turn in pink boy your turn
on orange actually you turn on orange
like his his jack-o'-lantern I know I've
mentioned this the last couple times
that I've ended a vlog we want to do a
live chat we were just sitting here
thinking about what's the best day in
time to do it because we don't really
know I was actually gonna leave it up to
you guys we're gonna give you a few
options would you rather have it on a
Friday or a Saturday and would you have
rather have it closer to the time that
the vlog our vlog actually uploads which
is 10 a.m. Pacific Standard Time or
later on like in the evening we're gonna
be tweeting people coffees and we're
gonna be giving away some merch and
we're gonna have a good ol time just
like we used to like the good old days
you guys and baby Ollie will be there
aren't you boy you'll be there you guys
need to follow our Google+ page I'll
have it in the description below because
that's actually what the live chat is
powered through summer we're gonna go to
bed
are you allowed to be on my bed are you
getting hair all over my comforter you
don't say anything to them hi guys I
love you oh he winked at you do you guys
see that replay
all right guys thank you for watching
give this vaga thumbs up can you give me
a thumbs up oh you ain't got no thumbs
alright we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
this little dude you are
we are off-roading with this little dude
for almost everybody we're almost there
this stroller works perfect okay gonna
get out of here
