ah right in the mouth
see some of those K this is all Sunday
this is a boy he's gonna do amazing
things
morning guys so I'm standing outside the
hotel waiting for Brian to come
this little guy is not sure why the heck
we're up Bryan here of course were once
again 15 minutes late why don't we just
plan to be 50 things behind Allison I
don't know we really should everyone was
snoring at like 11:00 and then I'm off
like doing the blog here that careful
about that tire school Oliver is so
confused as to why we're up so early he
just keeps looking at me like what's
going on and why am I wearing this
adorable outfit that's pretty much what
he says all right guys I'm all swagged
out a lot of people wearing white today
I don't know why
look at this pimped out car baller and
to the madness you guys woo got two two
people doing choreographed dancing and
she's gonna put on my sign for me don't
poke me okay Oliver the chipper check it
out dude I'm totes jealous of your socks
oh you've got the glasses to look at her
off IRA now you guys we got big showing
up hi dude I'm diggin the house you guys
pop whoo where you guys from here oh
really oh that's so funny
Oh weird I have a glide hey watch your
kids and my baby July 26 yeah the day
before oh my gosh it's so cool guys look
all right down look at you even the
leggings rockin it guys
more peeps showing up what up homies
found it found it holla
alright now what's your name daddy I'm
here Maddie my daddy
what's your name I'm Connor Connor what
up Mady and Cara here we're gonna get
color for you guys you ready whoo you
even got did you think about me I
thought about I have a Persian I know
maybe I come off one day what's your
name rip yeah oh you made those awesome
shirt Viraj high-five whoo are you
running today look at this you guys
she's repping daily bombs smaller
are you so excited I'm gonna take him
you guys on the color right now he's
like no please that's all we're doing
yeah I didn't know I didn't know I
didn't know okay oh this is my first
color is me I know I thought it was
really got none y'all got color so
you're lucky just I am we're in the
middle of meeting everyone and of course
all he gets like really fussy and he
wants to eat so I have to go behind the
porta-potties
there's literally nowhere and I'm not
wearing like a shirt that is easy to
breastfeed in so I have to like kind of
discreetly feed him and I'm standing
behind a porta potti you found up hey
guys um I'm I'm Brian nice to meet you
I'm Ashley hi Ashley hey Heidi
what's up girlfriend hey now
hi Allison so pubs look at all of us you
guys we look so good
let's go cheer like
hiding gravy from you blog she boxes
well you guys and they're very funny she
made an awesome rap for us can you do it
on the spot I know I'm putting a lot of
pressure on you I'm putting a lot of
pressure on you all right
daily Bob's you are too cool it's like
you want you to finishing school yeah
baby Olie
your miracle from above and now will
subscribe show ur love hate diapers legs
person we love how you showing your
highs and lows your blog is awesome
anything by the honor x marks nursing
sleep deprivation oh boy you rock what's
your name Lacey let's see where you're
from East County San Diego actually you
guys ready to get your run on oh yeah I
can change your shirt you want to wear
that shirt do we all form around you so
you can change yeah everyone put your
backs good alright so make a chicken
change
no no one look here I should probably
stop so we assembled as a team YouTube
magic I know
my favorite color I love you and we're
excited I'm not quite sure
you're on the brink of pink color oh
look at this girl
we're just watching them I'm all come to
the finish line
so all these all bundled up trying to
stay warm it's not too cold but his
hands are getting cold and he's taking a
nap now dude okay you look awesome now
well they come back around the stadium
come back here
pass the spit the star line when they
started I lay back where they fit it
feel like we're totally missing out but
the mud run was a lot of fun whoa whoa
look at the boom Wow right in the mouth
did you get in the mouth - these are
owning it
all right you guys we were out the last
color the color run my crown
and look at where almost all still here
we're stoked and we are gonna get it
this is so cool are we filling you guys
how was that it wasn't as bad as you
thought look at you
high five huh you guys did it you guys
are very blue they have a lot of blue
going on because I'm Blu's I was green I
would die
hiding Allison
I look wow you guys look crazy we loaned
out 5k we owned it we finished a 5k not
fair we did it and we look amazing right
I don't like do I have anything on my
face nothing on my face you guys you got
purple not yell you got one little buddy
right there but you have a heart around
your eyes welcome you look awesome thank
you look at you guys
okay you got they put these two booked
it okay they were like I'm gonna show
them what's up and they did it oh so
they're getting ready to do a big color
pencil where they throw the color in the
air and like so much going on and look
at this sweet sleep leaving away
get it
comes
oh my god
all right guys all right guys we just
got out of the Color Run and we're
heading over to a friend's house to get
all showered up and clean cuz this is
like this is not good for a person who
has OCD like look at my hands right now
you guys they're insane like my hands
are green and like disgusting I know and
you didn't right look at you get she did
get colored a little bit so much fun and
I loved our team like everyone who came
to the Meetup and like hung out with us
that was so much fun thank you so much
you guys probably gonna have a tumblr
post up on our website daily bumps ITV
and you can I'll write about it and I'll
put a ton of pictures that they send me
up and stuff it's so cool that like I
have this blog now to look back at this
awesome moment and like all the fun I
had you know and John isn't going are
you honking I'm someone else crazy City
I know it's so frustrating to drive
alright we're gonna get all cleaned up
Emily who I did that was so much fun
baby you're doing it next time with me
okay yeah just got home
karma hasn't seen us in two days well
thought well I guess I saw Jesse he's
already excited I got right here kisses
he just gave you the biggest hug oh hi
hi Cara boy this is for everyone this is
for everyone look at our stuff we have
to bring in from the overnight State we
had one overnight stay we have like six
bags it's crazy you know how it is
though I'm gonna go ahead and end the
vlog it's just we're just so tired we
have so much to do we gotta do laundry
and clean up and organize and stuff like
that but I hope you guys enjoyed the
vlog it was a super super fun day be
sure to check out the website for our
pictures from our very first Meetup
Oh today for the comments I think it
would be appropriate busy is changing
colors diaper never put his paws up
there like what's going on um today I
think in the comments it'd be
appropriate
what is your favorite color leave it
below hit thumbs up and we will see you
guys tomorrow
bye alright I guess you have to see
ollie one much hey bye buddy
but look at both the girls on the white
bones of all the guys at the Black Hawks
just we're not racist
am i racist we got all the phones on the
table just for bragging rights was the
first person to grab their phone loses
okay no need I'm no candy crush no
Twitter
what
