you guys look at my kid right now look
at him he looks like it's his first day
of school and mommy said go dress
yourself is it cold
are you doing me a favor for me this is
our son baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things
he's got a dinosaur hat on he's got this
awesome bib thing I really love this
babe this bandanna bib little onesie
with monsters on it and little munchies
on your feet your monsters on your feet
Oh karma wants to say hey be careful
with the baby careful with the baby we
just woke you up huh that's why so angry
he's angry starting into a monster yeah
pretty sure this is the cutest up but
I've seen him in yet you dress him up
like that yeah good job wanted me wear
this so badly and the only thing I could
think of to put them in is like a
monster outfit yeah we are getting all
packed
we are staying the night at San Diego
and then tomorrow I'm doing the Color
Run which is a 5k and they throw color
at you it's really really awesome
there's always like specific things that
Macy and I both pack for when we go
somewhere like I'm responsible for all
like technology and chargers and my own
clothes and then Missy packs all of our
bathroom stuff all of her stuff and then
her own clothes but now I have a baby
and I gotta be now I have to take care
of myself you guys I had him in his
cutest outfit ever and then it got
ruined and now I have the kingdom so sad
hopefully I can find something else
that's cute because I packed like every
one of his kid office just in case I
seriously almost forgot the technology
baguette I have one job and I almost
messed it up lights we're only 15
minutes
for us yeah we could never be on time
yeah flip 50 minutes come on we got a
baby there he is he's happy to be he
loves car trucks he certain loves the
car he always is completely chill the
entire way it's amazing so I would be
really ugh oh wow yeah that's funny bug
you see the color never played that game
before all of a sudden we're gonna start
hitting each other
are we there yet no are we there yet
no we're not zombie oh yeah yeah why'd
it literally does not matter for you you
are always in the car
I just wandering geez all right guys we
made it we are at the Color Run just
kidding
this is check-in though so I'm just
gonna run in and grab my shirt and check
in they're gonna throw that color at me
they're gonna throw this color at me see
the Color Run it's the happiest 5k on
the planet
here we go I mean they go all out this
is just checking you guys got my color
run swag is it on that side yeah I got a
run swag collar on swag I got my shirt
and I'm all checked in jealous I want to
do I know right Missy really did want to
but we do need someone watching all of
her and she did you got to do the muder
on baby I was so jealous when she did
them on her on seriously yeah but that
is so cool look at like they have the
whole place like decorated and like
music going and stuff so pretty stoked
we are on lucky floor number 7 I like
this room I think we should go this is a
very nice room oh hello gum meters on
the top hello even watch it go up yeah
fancy oh my gosh I obviously don't take
this woman out not calm this is baby's
first hotel stay yeah all right we're
gonna show you our room tour the
official room check it out well as soon
as you walk in you'll see the lovely um
closet closet with a safe
check out this safe yo ginormous
bathroom and the tubs really nice this
is where we go potty
yes it is this is where I wash my Oh
what they pull the toilet paper
fancy yeah and this okay man we doubling
you to Instagram right here okay there's
a long mirror and it's not you two makes
me look right then
but and we've got beds which I because
alright guys here's the thing um I need
my space and I sleep I see we'll be
sleeping on the floor Oh important two
beds because our friends are joining us
for the collar on the TV yeah big ol TV
look at this LG it's got a little
winking man there what is that this is a
desk but it'll probably most likely be
the changing table no this is where I do
the vlog okay you can find a different
place for your changing to it and when
they asked what we wanted they asked if
we wanted a city view and so Brian shows
the city view it was either that or the
mountain view I didn't realize city view
was just a view of the freeway so we get
to look at all the different cars yeah
and you know what you do when you get a
hotel room that has two beds you know
what you got to do anyone anyone so when
you have a double bed you must jump from
each one to the other and then slo-mo it
and put it in the vlog what's up
sorry gotta stand up this is their bed
huh are you ready yeah I really don't
want to hit my head okay ready
I'm preparing for the collar on you guys
hey come on
oh my gosh you can print the bed that's
what that for okay now you go missing oh
my gosh
try again jump from that one to that one
watch out for the baby
yeah that's what you do
hey guy he waved at me do you guys see
that when I said hi waved at me and
she's watching youtube videos youtube
videos he looks so cute
every time you look so cute swear a huge
thing a sped-up is coming am i right am
i right guy
oh yeah mind you Missy's watching
YouTube on the hotel internet which they
charge us part you guys they charge us
for parking they charge us for Internet
they charge us for the room obviously we
think fine
yeah you only get on like one thing so
we're like okay obviously we're just
gonna do the computer so we can upload
the vlog tonight hey he's like looking
at me he's like you're talking a lot
they charge you for everything here you
guys and then we're like well I'm sure
we'll get a continental breakfast I know
you have to pay frickin $20 for like ham
and eggs or something probably not my
favorite hotel room that we've stayed in
the can you had yours got a double tree
or what's the one where they always
leave the light on for you
oh and they do have a gym they probably
will charge me to use it I gotta go work
out I have to burn some of this off you
guys chunka Lukey you think a bunch of
that off fatty no all right well how
about we push the button again the
correct fund there we go it'll reopen
yeah okay apparently these elevators are
pick and choose II about with a letter
this bit on your hair hello
look at this dope little terrarium you
guys you totally put like a lizard in
there or something or tarantula Ryan's
checking out the gym oh my gosh look at
this it was a something specifically for
wait so are those the scented towels and
are kept at 47 degrees Fahrenheit
what yeah weird so are though is that
like chilly yeah come that's cool look
at all the mirrors okay yeah yeah yeah
all right have fun you'd hang out while
daddy works out yeah there he is getting
ready for the Color Run I don't know if
they can hear me it's like this little
guy passed out on our little adventure
so mama might take this time to awesome
take a little nap bed just looks too
comfortable Oliver wants to jump on the
bed too okay now make him jump from that
side to that side okay my gosh all right
I just had an awesome workout at the gym
in the hotel you don't good do oh I
wanted to go through some of the things
that they gave me when I checked in more
the Color Run here's my number I am six
six eight five one that's significant I
also got a color run t-shirt they gave
you a headband too which is cool and it
looks like some sticker polly says happy
5k I bought this for a buck it's just a
wristband that says the Colorama it's my
favorite color green
I got a fanny pack a color on fanny pack
what what is what what why did you say
that Bryan well I'm actually going to be
holding the GoPro then I also bought
some Color Run shades these were five
bucks and they just say the Color Run on
them then they also give you color this
is color this is pink so we got pink
green and red color says save it for the
finish festival so at the end if you
guys don't know when you're done running
everyone throws color in the area air
airy the air and then you just like have
a huge dance party essentially everyone
just like gets crunk and a lot of people
been asking what is this made out of
here is what says cornstarch color dyes
and flavoring agents it actually has
like a flavor
he's really exhaust I don't know we're
displaced away you tired buddy random
fact of the day hotel art is weird case
in point
seriously the place we're going is going
to be Oliver's favorite place where are
we going hey you guys know what could
his favorite thing be what do you think
all of us favorite thing is leave it in
the comments below this place is full of
them look at this sick chandelier you
guys that's the kind of fanciness we're
dealing with here here's a fun travel
tip for you guys if you're ever in like
an uncomfortable place because you're
traveling and you're this isn't like
your normal place where you go go
somewhere where you're familiar with
like a target right Target Walmart
McDonald's all those things are the same
in every place you go to so if you're
like oh my gosh I'm totally gonna get
knifed or something just go into a
target and then just breathe and relax
and it'll be okay
this is the weirdest thing ever there's
an escalator in Target how weird is that
I have a place for that you just put
your carts and then go down
this is so weird babe we're on an
escalator and Target okay so
there's little duckies oh we were
probably supposed to take the elevator
there's a whole other target up here you
guys this is where the electronics
section is Missy it all makes sense it's
awesome this coming out of one more
speaker yes here you buy me this shirts
definitely $300 sure oh hi mmm you smell
that one mmm smell it smell it that does
not look yummy um have you read these um
these are okay like if you're into the
whole like good versus evil like Boyd
Reiji rising from the bottom sort of
thing are these like these the real
books what are you talking about is this
Harry Potter okay what I'm just asking
because they look different Missy these
are the Harry Potter bugs you look so
different
no they don't what is this doing on the
ground why would you do that day Harry
Bible Missy he has been through so much
in his life you will treat him with
respect
there's just so many good books right
now what book do you guys think I should
read leave it in the comments below if
you have a really good book suggestion
and then maybe the one with the most
thumbs up I'll read so guess where we
are
see cannot stand s4 and built Ocean
this is her first time here at
kut'rs get it it's his favorite place he
loves scooters he loves owls he's a
really big outfit I should be able to
breastfeed in here right I think you
should be able to breastfeed in Hooters
- galaxies - I'm from two galaxies
crappy Android phone listen to I but
look at both the girls on the white
bones and both the guys at the black box
just were not racist
that way look at my wife I'm dry racist
we got all the phones on the table just
for bragging rights for the first person
to grab their phone loses okay no need
on no candy crush no Twitter what you
enjoying yourself like it here mom
really enjoying the view
Becca I keep getting all the girls
ah look at him he looks very cute you
see all those girls you got to hang out
with just now did you see them again
Oh sick alright guys we just got back to
the hotel room we are friends to come
back we are getting tired this low guys
tired we gotta get up early tomorrow
collar on I'm so excited I'm excited to
meet everyone that's gonna be there and
to run and get colorful and he's so
happy and talkative right now huh kind
of bad guys leave you up all night bye
guys and I do hit thumbs up alright guys
thank you for watching and we will see
you guys tomorrow and some of you we
actually will see tomorrow so bye anyway
my face is peeling off you guys oh my
god it's reggae ah oh my gosh my face is
peeling there's no idea so crazy oh my
gosh oh my gosh oh thanks it's be like
so
