oh yeah boy there's gonna do amazing
things
good morning guys I was just going
through my clothes cuz I'm picking out
something to wear and I ran across my
collar on shirt yeah it's completely
white you don't know I sprayed it with a
ton of vinegar and stuff cuz it said oh
there's a little bit of color right
there can't really tell but yeah
completely washed out I was kind of
bummed I really wanted the color to
stick good-morning bumpers you really
used to call you that it's been forever
since we called you guys bumpers ha I
bet some of you like the new ones are
like why is clients bumpers we call you
these bumpers if you're like if you're
someone that like watches us and likes
us then you're a bumper it's like so
late in the action
well not like afternoon but like late in
the morning and I've barely done
anything I've been on the phone like all
morning dealing with insurance stuff
because I've called like multiple times
my insurance company to make sure that
Oliver was covered while we're in the
hospital and now I'm getting bills and
they're saying he wasn't covered and I'm
like ah that's not happening so I
actually went on to the day box Facebook
page and I was like alright guys
when was it that I talked to the
insurance coming because we'd actually
um of course record it like blogging
that day and I had said like I have to
call the insurance and I have to do this
and I remember that day is the day they
were like oh yep he's covered no worries
don't worry about it
gotta get him covered you know for once
he leaves the hospital so I was like
when was it I've been on the phone with
them it's been kind of ridiculous now I
gotta get ready to do stuff my sister's
got homecoming so we got to find her a
dress these 64 degrees out you guys it's
chilly okay I'm actually wearing like a
long-sleeve shirt I'm not wearing like a
long-sleeve shirt but um and yes I know
it's not a v-neck it's okay you guys
sometimes I wear shirts that are v-necks
not really no I don't but I'm headed
into the judge
I haven't been I was supposed to
yesterday I think yesterday but I'm
still going for it um I got you know a
couple more days of Shay tober but I
wanted to say like even though Shay
Tober might be over like tomorrow or
today I wake when you're watching this
this is probably something I'm just
gonna continue doing haven't stepped on
the scale in a while
excited to see what I've lost I have a
feeling it's not much though because I
have talked to one of the trainers here
at LA Fitness and he was saying you know
I'm lifting a lot but I'm doing also
doing lots of cardio and I'm eating
right so I may be losing fat but I'm
gaining muscle and he's like and you
will be under 200 you can make yourself
under 200 pounds but it's just gonna
take a little more work than it would be
if I was just you know I'm eating right
and like doing my simple cardio and
stuff like that I'm crossing my fingers
that I may be close to 200 but I don't
think I'm gonna be under 200 but I'm
still going for that so um you know this
is something I'm going to continue to do
it might come to a point where I
actually will weigh more than I did but
be so much more healthier and even look
better because muscle weighs whether
it's just stupid muscle you know weighs
more than fat but everyone goes by the
weight you know everyone you look at
your scale and you're like that's how
much I weigh I don't want to weigh that
much that means I'm fat but that's not
necessarily true because muscle actually
weighs a lot look how happy he is just
sleeping away in his little swing just
good because I got laundry to do I've
been I've been doing some long days past
cold days I did like three loads
yesterday I got this big ol load here
two fold
waiting for my sister get home so that
we can go take her shopping I'm actually
she's actually really excited because
she got nominated as homecoming princess
not cute I was never nominated one but I
also wasn't like popular I don't think
I'll know if she's popular but she is
well-known in her school small whereas I
was I was always just a nobody in school
you know my pothead hippie wife
requested I get a brownie from Freiberg
yeah yeah
hi I'm chocolate hi caramel boy he's
like welcome back from the gym I love
you oh my goodness hurry
you know shovel and mommy's gonna get a
prom dress is that what you're getting
oh honey
homecoming dress you can get a tux do
you want to take him he could be your
date he'll be my
day I'll take picture that'd be so cute
it's smoothie torn gonna make a smile
are they
whoa karma you do that weird chomping
key thing and then everyone always
screen grabs it and sends it to me and
says how scary you look it's actually a
sign of submission means that he loves
Josh fine at could do some spy nach spy
Nash is really good for you maybe an
apple throw an apple at this time headed
to Ross we're just gonna try there first
hopefully we can find something because
Ross is actually pretty cheap theme is
actually old Hollywood so I was thinking
like like a cute like almost slinky
dress did you think about that and I'm
like maybe a cute headband that goes
around her head they're just talking
about because she did get nominated for
homecoming princess it's just so cute
and um he doesn't think she's gonna win
now I think she'll win oh did they vote
they voted today did you vote for
yourself no oh really nice Oh buddy
I've yet to do Apple in my green
smoothie so I'm gonna try it I kind of
just cut it all up right here it's good
to do it with all the skin and stuff on
- let's try this it's actually green you
guys yeah look at this beautiful shade
of green that's the best spinach working
pretty hard right there look look look
look look beautiful you guys mmm and
delicious as always Roz you ready you
guys gotta help us out we'll put a
little number in the corner for you to
choose k so here we go ready 1 2 3 4 5
whew we just showed you 5 different
dresses 1 2 3 4 5 choose one put it in
the comments below let us know what your
favorite one was my favorite I think is
2 PF Changs horses pink it's so cool
it must be for breast cancer awareness
but it's really cool
I just had a mini freakout I thought
this was a spider it's not just string
actually we're looking at all these
glasses and we decided to push to look
at this one
they have no prescription and though
they're just like put it on all over
them you're gonna look so cool what
you're doing broken nose is like no
thank you
they fit and they would have been super
cute big ho mean I did with my buddy
over time left like early this morning I
haven't seen him at all today you did
see me at all today you've been gone Oh
scary pictures of me okay look at this
little guy wearing daddy's hat ah thank
you
he knew it sup sup sup go go go good
luck oh yeah what some gangster Missy
just found Gatorade for 79 cents
dude a little happy dance you just did
you're addicted I'm addicted to Gary oh
no oh no we gonna fire our day we gonna
fire here and this lid is broken okay
hey hey fire get off my burgers not
really working okay I am a trained
hamburger professional you got okay okay
yeah getting out of hand you grill
burgers you got to have like water
nearby normally I use like a spray
bottle I can't find it put out all the
fires
Missy's is done - done he comes bearing
cheers hey guy hey guy you're gonna help
me grill hey buddy
huh mm yep watch out for the fire I'm
scared
don't be scared oh oh you got one piece
on Oh
okay had a very nummy dinner and sort of
this little guy huh why are you trying
to eat your hands you already ate dude
he loves his hands now he like just
discovered them so now he chews on his
little hand huh do you hear that you
guys just said hello can you put your
whole hand in your mouth put your fist
in your mouth just like let's go ahh
see if you can do it go on try it I bet
you can do it cuz they go use your other
hand help go and try it there you go
giant giant Jack for small jobs you can
do it hey what you doing we are looking
up here at the toys well playing huh
he's always going somewhere in doing
something so he really gets time to like
just sit and play on dude I gotta tell
you in time so I can put it in a new
intro oh okay
be like ah I mean you're so cute yeah
just kidding this is real life there is
a giraffe in my face this drop is
molesting me messy get it solve it
hahaha we took my dolls and put it on
sticks just kidding
at the box we're making eerie eyeball
cake pops for tomorrow cuz tomorrow is
Halloween karma what are you gonna be
for Halloween you're gonna be a scary
dog
I don't know so the inside of the cake
pops is red velvet another made red
velvet cake but as soon as I put um the
water on it it turned red so weird
looking actually looks kind of bloody
yeah all right missus got a beat this
butter so I'm not funky
so all you just learned a new thing
during bath time tonight
it's called splash and get your parents
wet okay how much he moving he's like
he's like going overboard it's really
funny oh do you like that Jeff I'm good
it's so cute because the first time he's
ever done that huh he's making the
cutest noises look at him Oh looking so
cute
so we set up this app what's it called
baby monitor 3G or something like that
it's we have Missy's phones set up where
Oliver is it's got the camera pointed to
him and then we're watching and
monitoring it with the video and I can
even close the app and it will run in
the background it will notify me and it
will even like vibrate but it says
Oliver is sleeping when you turn the
light on right yeah if I want should I
will that wake him it I don't know
actually might not let's go to see it
open tinleigh oh okay oh it got really
bright sleep there you go
he's still sleeping oh it's not like the
monitor we want yeah I mean I'm using my
phone right now
but right now our kid is upstairs
sleeping and we're both down here that's
pretty cool
Oh his eyes are open he's like what is
this Cameron looking at me for go to
sleepy show me Tommy go see how Oliver
is a waste
Shh it's okay baby go to sleep go to
sleep baby like oh hell no you ain't
talking me through no phone 'she's turn
poor baby so she odd you did it he's all
happy now all right here comes the fun
part
okay so you really just made this is a
perfect little cake right next up is you
tear it apart
cut it throw it in the bowl this is so
weird
it's like this does not feel natural
just like this yep there yeah
interesting hmm
crumbling it by hand got our perfect
little cake balls now we get to put
these in the freezer
mmm I'm not sure where I'm gonna put
them on top of the ground beef patties
is that okay
stick it in here boom then you stick it
in here get it all nice and covered to
nish first cake pop in yes the first one
we ever made oh yeah and because cake
pops apparently weren't enough we made
cookies too yeah it's just that time a
year I know I'm making these and then
Acme one yeah
Missy probably won't eat these I baked a
lot of stuff that I never eat cuz she's
so picky but she loves to bake I love
eight all all big punk tons upon my back
I don't eat one stitch of pumpkin pie
now we're decorating them and it's
actually pretty fun I thought it'll be
really hard but Bryan sec reading his
I'll show you mine
mmm there's my eyeball it's kind of like
my eyes right now
bloodshot cuz I'm really tired friends
working on his and Ollie is supposed to
be sleeping I'm serious Ryan when I'm on
here that looks really good this hard I
know I'm not the this piping is really
hard boom wait I look I look not all the
way around but that's my father so who's
better miner Missy's alright noted
Brian's mine okay you guys I think
something's wrong with Missy
there's because your eyes are actually
blue ah funny Missy is doing a vampire
one now apparently right yeah it's
pretty good
this is no more right for two parents
after the kids goes to sleep
mm-hmm degree eyeballs and eat cookies
and watch monsters University and we're
watching Davy ollie - he's fun to watch
- look at you can like see him breathing
and stuff anyway I hope you guys had a
fantastic Halloween for us tomorrow is
Halloween and I have to tell you we have
a really cool Halloween special plan for
you guys even have like a special
Halloween intro that we're gonna do for
tomorrow's vlog if you like the vlog
give it a thumbs up and if you are
subscribed to our channel then subscribe
because we put out videos every single
day we're gonna watch monsters inc and
go to bed
let's see you guys tomorrow but yeah
happy happy yeah we did some pictures
upstairs - on the bed and they turned
out really good so I'm really excited
about these
Tuesday photogenic aren't Jeff can you
get you Keith Maya and Jeanne
