comments with keeping guard he's
watching dolly play like so cute say no
bad guys better come over here i getcha
protecting my little brother is it cold
are you doing mir changez ride with me
this is all Sunday boy he's gonna do
amazing things
Ollie passed out during playtime I got
him old dress set him down to play and
he's like huh no I'm tired I'm going
back to bed guys
I think I'll just leave him there I
won't make him I don't want to move him
he's good
I'm bid hey guys so I'm gonna be making
a green smoothie and I got all my
ingredients here I want to show you what
I put in there so I use this light
Minute Maid orange juice a little bit of
ice squeeze in about half a lemon that
actually might be a little too much
because this is like a single portion
and then I'm also going to use banana
because I love bananas I got frozen
strawberries which are good because they
make it like a little more chunky
because they're already frozen and then
frozen blueberries same thing and I love
blueberries and then the main ingredient
which is raw baby spinach kisses organic
full-circle baby spinach and this stuff
is awesome for you and it's raw so you
don't really taste anything and it's got
a lot of really great stuff in and it
turns it this really really cool shade
of cream which I actually think is
really cool but a cup of orange juice
squeeze in some lemon cut up my banana
here so we'll just look throw that and
then blueberries love me some blue bar
so I got my big chunks of strawberry
just threw about four in there and then
I'm going to start packing in spinach
and really I think you want to get like
try and do like two cups of spinach so I
don't really have much room so I'm gonna
have to add more after I mix up
father-tsar allurement pop I eat spinach
right think so chicks like you can see
all the cool layers so there's the ice
there is banana there's blueberries or
strawberries spinach and we're going to
mix this baby up
and voila it did not turn green and I
think it's cuz of the blueberries I
don't really don't use blueberries and
so pretty much turned it like a brown
purple color which is kind of funky but
I think it's all give it a good shake
make sure it's all mixed good I think it
is alright let's try it
holy cow that has so much flavor
definitely taste the banana the
blueberries the strawberry now I get to
enjoy this awesome green purple smoothie
okay I'm up guys I'm up and I'm ready to
hang out wearing my culet off it yeah
Oh gotcha
look over here so done ready I've been
doing like tons of cleaning I've just
had like so many loads of laundry and
just all going to start just being
pushed to the side so I've been doing
all kinds of stuff but today and we're
going to take all of his three months
pictures only we're gonna do his um
costume and then maybe like a cute
outfit he's gotta good oh yeah that was
fun anyways I just want to put on my
shoe and I was like wait why is there
blue stuff on my shoe I didn't wear the
shoes in the collar on yeah turns out I
stepped in gum yesterday uh I hate that
it's like one of the worst things ever
you know like people say like paper cuts
are the worst thing ever or nails on a
chalkboard are the worst thing ever
I hate gum on shoes that's the worst
thing ever
what's your worst thing ever you guys
leave it below in the comments off not
gonna throw up no consider what look at
Missy camping out here and turn Holly
snacking on a Nana karma really wants
your Nana by the way y'all ready to go
buddy
I got to get the final things to
Oliver's costume and stuff
but I just noticed that our car is so
clean looking the floors the floor babe
that has not had a long time ever since
we had Oliver Brian just lets the car go
Emily I let the car go well it's funny
because in high school he was always
crazy about his car like he would always
be cleaning it and my car was always
trashed I mean literally trashed I can't
even tell you so my gosh we can tell you
one of the stories one times she left uh
a chocolate shake spilt in the backseat
and she literally just threw a pillow on
Cochran and her car reeked like forever
I don't know been thinking ever came out
no it smelled like rotten milk and
finally we were so like mad we just we
sold the car for like 400 bucks yeah
seriously
my friends they get so pissed when they
have to get in my car and like have to
go somewhere they'd like barf the whole
time it was really bad I was not a very
good car keeper all sadness clean look I
got a little low up here oh and I found
the other zombie I was hiding under the
gate I really know this but he means
this one Bob for and then this one's
Jerry that was original names yeah and
they didn't like them yeah so he like
zombies
he's our zombie and that one just forgot
forgot about him
and a couple times he called him Bob and
I was like no that's Bob yeah he got
really mad like I'm calling on the wrong
man so that he's like just call me
zombie okay how's the conversation we
had off cam I see I see
konichiwa so we're looking for face
makeup for ollie something that's safe
we can add for his costume don't know
where that is
do you see it anywhere oh babe look at
this this is cool you put this in our
room uh I got glitter now it's gonna
look like I went to a strip club rock
this big matter of eight you know what's
with the legs going crazy me right out a
little bit
oh I see he's coolican hey guys what's
up
Missy's got herself an appendage I have
a little friend here just hanging out
with you that's weird it's like a
backpack yeah this one's grabbing your
back oh you're such a good shopping cart
ollie I didn't stuff we happen to he
doesn't even care
actually got a tweet a coffee from
Ashley Barrett and I just thought that
was so cool because they like Starbucks
announced yesterday you can send people
coffee via Twitter I just thought that
was so nice so thank you so much Ashley
and so we're gonna run down to Starbucks
I'm gonna try something different this
time I don't know I want to get I wish I
could do pumpkin spice but I don't like
coffee so I don't think I can do it
without coffee yeah I'd be weird with
the espresso good
maybe all he's still sleeping we got him
lots of cool Halloween stuff and we got
like treats and stuff to make to so he's
gonna have fun it's all good try it okay
quit being a baby just try it
for Apple even now then yes Apple II
what I just got my name wrong b-t-dub
nobody's like char baby you like try now
I love it really I told her she would
have liked I forever go oh look at this
we happened upon a Halloween store we
got a pretty skunk it green dinosaur kit
place text here it's an interesting cut
cut costume it looks like some kind of
cat costume though babe place text here
that's funny they messed up okay boy
hey oh are you sad don't be sad boy it's
always scary music playing in here this
music excuse me so I just like one right
and I got a new sweater
I keep staring my mom's sometimes and we
share our sweaters and everything good
where's all the same stuff as me my
sister and my mom
so we share everything which is pretty
cool but I thought I should get so I
wanted something like different than
when I was very earlier so I got this
and it's really kind of nice it's like a
cool little texture so alright Walmart
for like 10 bucks it's pretty cool get
all the stretches out stretch stretch
curls a little body up like that it's
all the stretches around
hey y'all stretch all right we're headed
out to do some pictures we're actually
just going to do them right here in our
yard cuz we got some cool leaves and
green grass to me we could go to a park
but it actually seems kind of like
easier so I got a manicure I got him a
couple outfits head quote because toy
different than his newborn picture now
you can like hold his head up and smile
and response we're getting a smile out
of though you know it's gotta like work
on cue Han dude we're over there
mmm your 80 pictures in a good mood
you're fed you're happy everything's
good
it's actually pretty chilly out here so
I don't know I've won like a bit of a
timer look at all these leaves around
you are you happy happy happy
yeah we did some pictures upstairs - on
the bed and they turned out really good
so I'm really excited about these
he's very photogenic ain't ya can you
get you key smile
I'm getting a kick you get a good hey
guy
hey buddy when your big bad left I
actually would love a picture of him
right before he cries you know be the
cutest picture ever come on good so we
just got done doing a ton of pictures
for baby oli if you guys want to see him
head over to my photography page I'll
have it linked below in the description
and I'll probably have a couple up but
we're actually about to do a video from
Missy's channel where we're gonna
announce him show off his costume so
that video actually went live this
morning so if you haven't seen it go
watch it now so you can see his costume
and Macy's costume actually she did like
a little outfit of the night thing on
her channel he's getting tired he's like
oh man I'm working so hard working so
hard for you guys mmm she's over there
putting the finishing touches on her
costume and she looks good yeah you look
cute babe she's got a tail okay you guys
ready to see baby all these costume it's
so cute let me know if you guys guess
correctly he's a little puppy so cute I
guess he did a little bit of makeup on
him so he's got a little brown on his
nose meow the kitty cat yeah got a tail
and all he's got a tail shop all these
tails tails cute watch this he's very
happy oh he's still learning to roll
over but we did do uh a really cute
video for mises channel so definitely go
check it out cuz he looked dark gerotor
okay and so many people guest monkey and
I know you're all like what wait is he a
monkey monkeys always win they really do
always win but I really want to see him
walking around in a monkey suit and if I
do it on when he's three months old he
won't be able to do it when he's like
one of the would be he'll be 15 months
next year and he'll be like walking
probably and like who can he'll be like
that ah he could actually do that this
year he's a puppy he's a puppy
Missy wanted a puppy for her birthday so
yes exactly
and now go
out to dinner at our favorite place all
garden of course so many people been
tweeting me pictures I'm checking out
soup it's not fat hey guys if you I get
at least a picture a day of yeah at
least once a day
yeah and I'm like yes it always always
makes you crave eggs I'm like oh they
got it I need to get some now and then
my mom and Missy opens the birthday card
for my mom and she's like we feel
something human in an Olive Garden gift
card bell and she's like yeah yeah are
you at our forensics sauce and Brian
Logan I fancy being fancy trying this
Moscato Moscato it's so good it tastes
like juice it does not smell like juice
it's really good I you guys know me I'm
not a wine person I'm a beer guy
well this is really good I don't know if
I'd like it I mean he said it tasted
like you yeah this is our friends had
this at their wedding a couple years ago
and Missy tried it and she did like it
this he wants to be a wine person but
she can't too quick I know I try this
smell don't like but it's not bad it
tastes nice it's not as bad as something
smells so bless you buddy yeah it looks
very deep right guys we got to carve
this little pumpkin are you ready are
you ready
we got a carve you buddy here we go take
the top off and cut it right down the
middle little punkin guys you know
pumpkin got pumpkin guts pumped anger
you know let's make your belly talk oh
yeah
Alvers gonna get that thing we're gonna
get ready for bed I think Missy and I
are gonna watch Fright Night DOS did you
know they released another one it like
went straight to video so it's probably
totally cheesy and like not that good he
loved watching the first one yesterday
it's like the perfect Halloween movie
what what what what my first full whole
movie in like a long time yeah I think
since Oliver was born that was like the
first movie that she watched all the way
through which was kind of funny cuz I
kind of just it's what happens when you
have a kid it's hard to watch a movie
all the way through am i right can I get
an amen
yeah anyway I hope you guys enjoyed the
vlog give it a thumbs up if you did and
if you didn't know I put these really
nifty annotations in the vlog so I think
on this side this side if you wanna
watch yesterday's vlog is over here and
tomorrow's vlog is right there if you
don't see one right there then
tomorrow's vlog isn't up probably it
hasn't been tomorrow yet but I just want
to let you guys know that I've been
doing that lately if you want to
navigate to the vlogs a little easier
thank you guys for watching we'll see
you tomorrow is it okay that I'm in my
pajama shorts why don't you get dressed
today did I promise shirt and I have
your help I feel like that too oh it
does yeah she's like home it over
I've seen it combed over like that looks
very classy Wow hey are you going to
Starbucks
uh yeah Missy and I are actually gonna
get some drinks at Starbucks I'll take a
double towel why
