good morning guys I'm watching this
little guy hey buddy he's sleeping
is he like totally drilling I feel like
a warmth on my shirt I'll spit up is it
doesn't spit up you guys I really love
just like getting up in the morning and
then like having him sleep on me it just
it's the coolest feeling ever I know
it's like super cliche I woke up early
this morning and I was watching him all
cuddled with Missy and I was just like
oh that's my son and that's my wife and
like I just feel so lucky you guys
you're moving around a lot oh oh it's it
baby ollie like raspberries oh you have
to get really cured in a second huh and
frisbees huh doc you wanted this is our
son baby
boy they're gonna do amazing things here
sir morning farts oh oh there's some
more Oh oh my goodness
he is exploding he's exploding down
there yeah it happens
your little gassy yeah just a little
look at his cute little face out you
can't be disgusted by that oh oh I just
yeah there comes a time when you that a
line gets crossed and you're like oh
it's you got a long one good morning guy
you're all awake
you should be empty I don't know
anything else coming out of there
morning he was doing a lot of grunting
and stuff so we gave him this gripe
water
it's like this all-natural stuff that
really used stomach discomfort and gas I
think it's mostly like ginger yeah it's
like a ginger stuff that he he drinks
and then it probably relieves all his
gas it's probably why you're far enough
a storm hog guy I'm gaining weight daddy
can you pleasure
oh my Karma good morning oh you got
major ibook äj-- does he get his iBook
äj-- you gotta get it for him baby now
I can touch his eyes just get it get it
with a towel oh no oh oh it's gone you
got it
no more i buggin jump can't you just go
running over oh okay okay
hmm ah in the mouth really when I teach
karma - when I say like certain word
that he like just hits this with his no
in rocks it for Oliver we started we
were doing it and I like he was sitting
right here and I like I was like door
because he knows when to hit things with
his nose when we say door ah and he like
turned his head he was like looking at
it like he was trying to figure it out
karma door that's door good boy good boy
we begin to rock the baby door go boy
okay door go boy oh my gosh I'm gonna
teach in the rug the baby maybe I should
give you a different word he keeps going
my hand for a treat
like I'm learning something you look
super cute in the shop babe okay go ooh
that oh my goodness ah that is not good
you guys
okay I just got like a million things on
my phone we're trying to film something
very important okay go hmm okay good so
good this whenever Missy messes up she
literally like does something totally
random it's the weirdest thing ever I
don't I really do not get it I think it
just goes to show that you're like the
hardest-working mom in YouTube okay go
so click the screen finding mom on your
TV yes I'm Ron Burgundy so we just
finished up this cool little ad that we
get to do I don't know if you guys
remember when Brian did the commercial
for Verizon and he liked ember he like
took the camera right when you start
vlogging
he like oh go I get to do something like
that it's for Nick mom's show and so I'm
really excited about it we just finished
it and I think it's gonna be super cute
and now I gotta go to a doctor's
appointment I've been trying to do this
doctor's appointment for like weeks I'm
trying to like figure out like my
universe and stuff like that and I've
been like wanting to make a video about
it and I keep having to put it off and
like it's been really frustrating but
I'm going today again
you know they're gonna go huh oh my
goodness
oh geez life is so hard
that's eat and then we're gonna go okay
I told Cathy to pick out a normal outfit
not an outfit that said auntie's the
best or my auntie's cool and she picked
that outfit I was like that's so funny
and then she also picked out this bib
and she's backstage I don't like that
one it's too big five eight bibs I don't
want to use a bit but he's starting to
really drool prom is like can I have
that can I have that oh wait are you
limping Carm are you limping
no you're just prancing around like a
reindeer huh did you have a good grade
we're here huh
like why are we always here mom oh he
just had a long drive he's so confused
just look so good here
I already here Mimi look what came you
guys I got my new computer a lot of
people were confused cuz I listed or I
said on Twitter I was selling that bad
boy my iMac and people are like Oh
finally Brian's getting getting away
from Apple he's not gonna do the whole
Apple thing anymore false so we always
seem to go to doctors equipments like
right around lunchtime and we're
flipping starving so we're in Wendy's
and you can't grow any is about a frosty
so good who did serve french fries in
their cross
it's lowered but pretty good I actually
just needed a laptop and so I got myself
a new Apple laptop and I'm really
excited you guys don't know this is the
retina MacBook Pro it's a 15-inch it's
super thin I love this computer as you
guys know it's the same computer I had
for work - this thing will be going with
us everywhere we go because we want to
travel and go do things but I gotta have
a place to do the vlog you know so I
figure it all right well I guess it's
just time to sort of go from the iMac to
the laptop so I can be a little bit more
portable but I'm excited fresh Apple
gear woohoo while we were out here
because we're kind of like in San Diego
and like our way I actually picked up a
co-sleeper I don't know if I've ever
seen it it's actually all packed up so I
don't know why I showed it to you but
it's like it's one of those Cosi verses
that attaches to the bed and it's really
cool but we wanted to get one because
Oliver has now he's almost that point
where he's growing out of the rock and
play and the rock and play also I want
to have it on Brian's side so that in
the mornings when Brian kind of takes
over and stuff and he can help he can
kind of have a spot to put Oliver and
then the co slipper can be on my side so
I just picked it up and I'm really
excited about it I hope that I can
figure out how to put it together it was
kind of complicated but I'm also excited
to like attach to the bed and have a
co-sleeper for the favorite uncle sister
Oliver has had it up to here with this
shenanigans of driving in a car Han dude
he's done just have done oh I'm pretty
sure he's hungry even though um I fed
him like about two hours he's probably
hungry
I remember Lucy eats did a video I don't
know if you guys know her but she's on
YouTube I did a video about her
breastfeeding in the car well she asked
if anyone had done it basically your
seatbelt in it he's in the car he still
is
if she breastfeeds how do you do it guys
I guess she just swings over and give
him a boob I don't know I was thinking
about I was like I don't know if I can
do it dude I don't think I could reach
that far I don't think so it's kind of
funny that would be did being super
super super mom if I couldn't do it
though
hey boy oh hey guy I like this onesie on
him
yeah just like simple you know simple I
heard mommy attempted to feed you while
you were in your car seat got creative
there huh I did try guys I tried it but
it just didn't work it was I really had
mercy Bowen and he had his sheep along
and I leaned over it he's like and he
was just like no this is not how it
works
you don't get it he was not having it so
oh hey guys hi mm-hmm
sandwich olly olly sandwich game it's
like hot so annoying thank you
Oh got it miss he's throwing my gym
clothes up up the stairs anyone wants to
know why you're not in the videos tell
him because I like to go hunting all day
party all night Oh
ferma don't scare him we were hanging
outside because apparently Oliver wants
to be outside inside he cries outside
he's happy looking up at the stars again
thank you yeah when I'm in the house he
just starts like ooh ooh powerful I stop
it outside he's happy and it's actually
really cold out here like 68 degrees
that's like really cool did I get
outside huh let's go inside though it's
good
you guys I just saw skunk crossing the
road it was so good a little it it was
like scream
across the road in California I see way
more wildlife like that than I do like
when we were living in Idaho you see
like foxes and rabbits and squirrels and
skunks apparently - all right guys just
got to the gym and check it out I get to
use a mini water bottle today I didn't
show it to you guys but it's got like a
gel stick like built in and you put it
in the freezer and then it keeps your
water like super cold so I get to use
that but look I just got here
there's an ambulance out front and
there's also a fire truck in front of it
so I hope someone's okay he's almost
have been going too hard for Shay tober
right oh I'm always so afraid actually
to get hurt I Jin I knew it it so I was
afraid I'm gonna do something that
sounded like totally hurt me but this
kind of freaks me out now I told you
about how I bought the on Rico sleeper
so I'm gonna try it me my sister gonna
try and put together apparently Karma's
gonna help I did it I think that's
really good oh this is now here I like
it and then I'm gonna put the rock and
play on Brian side that way when Brian's
doing anything during the night or if
he's watching him in the middle night
then he can put him in the work and play
Oliver can have that and you can have
this Oliver has been such a sad baby
today haven't you well not today just
like for the past hour just seven
o'clock I don't know what it did he just
gets so sad during that time huh but
finally actually wearing him in that in
like the new position with his knees up
high he's no longer like curled up like
a newborn or anything he's like it's
actually even more comfortable like this
with his legs spread to the side like
that I haven't been born in a while but
it definitely was not going to work to
put him with his knees tucked up anymore
see just getting so big
he's so cute oh those won't do those
aren't ripe at all just got on my
workout and I gotta grab some things for
breakfast and I am drinking this thing
it's actually really good and it's good
for after your workout zooms are a
little better but still look at all the
green bananas can't eat a green banana
guy
is a neat banana here we got getting
closer actually these look like neon
green
he's look like radioactive bananas right
now you guys the car just got in big
trouble because he always runs in like
freaks out whenever he hears me open a
drawer to get the foil out and so I was
like that was not you go lay down and
then I'm going to show you how a real
quick so we have I couldn't get him
without I'm freaking out he is so sad
right now because II got in trouble
I feel so poked like oh you're vlogging
okay good and then we can play that
right he hast you in trouble sometimes
and then he gets so sad that it makes me
want to cry and then I have to hug it
and kit them just to close whoa
it's not gives you pause don't you hate
when you pull up to your house and then
a good song comes up on the radio what
just happened
this is what I'm having for dinner light
Caesar salad with clickin is anyone
getting sick of this Sh lickin whoa
there's new furniture in our room you
guys karma this is your new bed come on
come on coming
this is your new no no okay sorry hi was
this full to do that apparently karma
can have the rock and play oh I want to
see that where is it oh my gosh she
loves it you rock and play okay so in
yesterday's vlog I told everyone to
comment with where they live and so many
of you guys commented they're so cool
okay
there's Victoria Australia Georgia
Mexico Texas Australia a lot of people
from Australia actually this person saw
gravity thank you for not giving it away
New York Texas New Zealand New South
Wales Israel babe there's someone from
Israel so so cool all right guys I hope
you enjoyed the vlog thumbs up if you
did it just lets us know you liked the
vlog and it helps it helps bring more
bumpers to the daily bump nation I know
is that bumper nation daily web nation
I don't know thank you to everyone who's
been still been voting for us to win
that best new tuber on the sugar scape
Awards it's still going on I think it's
going on until like the end of the month
which is crazy
so if you don't know about that you can
check it out in the description and as
always thank you guys for watching and
we will see you tomorrow
am i making anyone dizzy yet I'm making
myself dizzy okay see you guys tomorrow
bye easiest way to get and go downstairs
hmm what's alright you don't like that
they scare you boy what it's easier than
carrying it throw the clothes down I'm
sure we'll be fine go ahead
well babe are you okay
