throw the clothes down I'm sure we'll be
fine good
do amazing things
hey good morning oh we just got a
bathtub not smell very good
he was just like spitting up a lot this
morning and so you definitely needed a
little bath
don't worry Connor I'm not going to give
you a bath relax I'm like afraid to say
the word even to my son because of my
dog it's really weird getting ready for
the day huh he knows I'm recording so he
wants to just be on his best behavior
like I don't want to do anything okay
they're gonna be putting me in the
comments if I do something funny or if
I'm not acting like a normal dog I'm
just gonna sit here with my nose in the
air like not let him know that we're
recording and show what they what he act
like once we turn on the camera no
Karma's like a completely different
beast off camera okay oh gosh on camera
he just gives me tons of kids where you
going what are you doing you put all
your hair on like that's not fair I
ain't got no hair to put all over you
high five yeah why is he so grumpy is he
smiling I know is he laughing like he's
going on hey okay you guys I just
realized I get so excited when I realize
that I haven't taken my multivitamin now
cuz if you don't know I'm taking these
sour gummy adult multivitamin things and
they're so good and I just wish I don't
know maybe you guys know what what are
some good like okay like like candy that
you can eat like that isn't like really
like super bad for you I love gummy
candy
I love sour gummy candy but it's like
a lot of it's not very good for you it's
love sugar I just love sugar no why do
you guys best day ever guys I was so
bummed because all I have is this much
Gary barely anything and then I went in
the refrigerator
there was this I was so excited love
Gatorade so much our finally woke up
today yeah and he's finally in a good
mood - he's like really in a bad mood
all day like just wants to like cuddle
and stuff and now he's happy baby get up
now you're gonna be just like your daddy
and want to sleep all day huh he's like
I wasn't ready to give up he is I think
just like me in the morning yeah so it
takes them like thirty minutes strap
know whenever I say good morning to him
he's like yes all of these yeah he's
been difficult it's been really
difficult trying to figure out the
International shipping but I think we
did it and I think these are all ready
yep Ali's do you want to go to Australia
New South Wales we have a lot going to
New South Wales
that's probably will you'll end up you
know I do I get my brother away a make
my brother here are the packages I need
to send Carmen sitting at the bottom of
the stairs
this is the easiest way to get them go
down the stairs what karma you don't
like that they scare you boy what it's
easier than carrying in throw the
clothes down I'm sure we'll be fine
good
well babe are you okay what'd you do
funny okay you need help you need help
oh you know what I do that all the time
you want a mock next to the rail because
there's a rail but look how skinny the
sterics so you want to walk over here
because there's more there but there's
no rail I'm not vlogging you going the
rest way down in case you fall
maintenance required means I have to set
an appointment and get actually well we
haven't had an oil change on this car
since we bought it so I guess it's about
time and actually funny story is Missy's
mom had an appointment today to get
their Priuses oil change and she ran
into one of you guys shout out to you
she said that she had her baby two days
after all of our so congratulations
that's really awesome and thank you for
being really nice to his mama
but that's so cool that there's actually
like bumpers like around where we live
it's like puts in effect like where you
guys all here's what I want you guys to
do today in the comments leave your city
state country wherever you don't put
your full address you guys but I want to
go through the comments tomorrow and
just see where is everybody out where
are you watching us from there are a
couple local people there are people in
LA San Diego all over the world I would
love to get an idea so leave that in the
comments below
coming to get my clean white diapers
pretty good a lot of people were
confused as I did a video the other day
about how to wash cloth diapers and
people were still like how do they do
that it's the Sun that's blazing hot
thing does it it's amazing it's like
magic it it really does amaze me every
single time I do it I am not clean just
buy you a new one and you're already
tearing it to pieces
give it up well kiss
it's gonna be laughs gonna be them love
me some ed Chiron I don't know if that's
a friend's name
I actually gifted this CD to my mom
because she's been listening to a lot of
musically running on the treadmill and
she loves Edie also I've got liquid gold
here and I gotta be really careful
because I'm holding a baby
vlogging and walking and try not to
spill my breast milk I'm going to
attempt yoga again tonight but this time
I tried different class I actually went
to this teacher before and I really
liked her and so I want to try again
which means I gotta leave room with my
sister again she's just the best auntie
he's good and he just ate too huh that's
why you got the hiccups I can't ever
vlog you we hold you like this guys look
who it is it's Claire bear hey Claire
bear hi come on you be nice
they literally have like the whole
cliche like cat versus dog thing it's
quite funny hi thank you you all ready
to go to the gym sweating for my buddy
to pick me up I got my all my stuff
packed but karma wants to play huh come
in here Jupiter here yet so many toys
out here
got that one he's got that one he's got
that one out and that one that one that
one now and that one that one that one
what are you doing boy would you guys be
really really still oh my gosh I cannot
believe there are actually two baby deer
do you see how still they are they're in
shock they're in shock you guys I've
caught them in their habitat and I think
it's best if I slowly slowly walk away
I didn't get it they're actually fake oh
my god you guys fell for the thumbs up
excuse all for that how can I leave this
thing I'll be back in a little bit okay
hey little guy hey okay keep going up
with shake tober you guys and we are
headed back into LA Fitness LA Fitness
that's how you say right it's we're
going to it's very it's a very fancy
place they serve you cheese and wine and
stuff and that guy over crackers
crackers - yes oh my gosh you guys I
just got out of yo guy and actually this
was a hot yoga class so basically what
that means is the room is like 102
degrees I don't know it's really
freaking hot in there and you do yoga
and it's crazy cool and that was the
first time I ever done it and it was so
much fun
I'm definitely gonna have to go back
definitely new experience and I gotta
tell you guys I have never sweat like
doing any kind of workout I'll stay in
the sauna for like you know ten minutes
and cut nothing
I can never sweat back class made me
sweat beads like I couldn't believe how
I was sweating which is cool like I
always want to like get that stuff out
of me and like like detox and stuff and
it was just like it was really cool so
I'm really excited but I gotta get back
got you back and I got a baby hey Oliver
look at your parents are back he's a big
deal you guys he's a pretty big deal
okay what'd you do was the craziest
thing you did
craziest pose yeah do it I want to see
it I wasn't there so you gotta show me
oh yeah that looks painful
Wow look at that balance oh but this was
a cool one yeah baby deal okay
okay dang look at my hot yoga wife you
guys I just found the coolest ones of
you guys I did not know he had this take
it out I was born awesome been like
craving calamari like all day long and
all day yesterday you like oh this is
amazing
and Brian saved up his calories he's got
1,300 calories no we are gonna go up and
we're gonna get something yummy I really
want to go see I want to see gravity so
I do too really bad but guess what it's
eight o'clock at night and I got a baby
he sleeps but I know he does sleep it's
not that hard to take him out this would
be our second attempt to a movie but I
wouldn't be so worried about it just
because I'm more accustomed to like
breastfeeding I feel like I'd be able to
handle it better I mean the baby really
I would fall asleep but everyone's are
talking about gravity they're like hang
out it's like crazy it's so cool you
seen it have you guys seen it
leave in the car would it though Missy
took the last of the calamari you guys
giving me the evil eye
by eating rabbit food okay guys I've
seen a lot of as-seen-on-tv stuff but
this is really the weirdest one have you
heard of this babe my pillow guaranteed
the most pillow yeah but for how long
uncomfortable oh really I don't know
okay it's open I wanna feel it it's just
a stupid pillow
it's a stupid normal pillow you guys why
is it $60 all man babe these are freakin
in right now can you please do that to
your hair who wants to see that in mrs.
hair right now just a little pink and
blue check it out you're not serious are
you yeah this is his new you guys like
try to figure out which bottle I want to
get there's so many different kinds and
a lot of people recommended the dr.
Brown's when I talked about it in my
last update but I don't know just look
so calm I guess sometimes colligate I
just I don't know I really like the man
because it's the same nipple as this
pacifier so I think I'm gonna do that
one and it still has a venting system
and you know to help reduce colic it's
better than stuff so normally what you
do is like you find out which one they
like and then you just bite it apart by
everything man I like the nuke - oh I
like the nipple and stuff so I don't
know
dori
is he entertained he is not impressed
you're a bleep actor bedtime huh are you
Fanning him we that the color run is in
like what six days Saturday you guys
it's this Saturday I'm so stoked if
you're coming to the meet up that we're
having be sure that you're following my
Twitter because I'm gonna make an
announcement there and on the event page
on Facebook of where we're gonna meet
I'm gonna try and find a place to meet
beforehand and then also a place we can
go afterwards and if you didn't know
yeah we're meeting there so if you guys
want to run with me like this you run
you guys can find the information for
that in the description below and also I
will advise to show up early we're gonna
have to be early I think we're gonna
have to get a hotel and stay the night
before so we don't like drive
Eiling from I have the morning oh it's
suck this camera makes it like you have
like stains on your hair with um
actually I think I have is you see this
yeah that's what I'm I'm pretty sure
that to spit up Spain oh damn is it like
stain right sure yeah so we're sure that
this shirt has like it's clean yeah oh
my gosh I suck it long do I guess
alright we're going to bed I'm exhausted
tired and I gotta watch Dexter so
goodnight there's Missy's here this is
how Missy really wants to end the vlog
I'll see you next video bye like this
video if you did subscribe my channel if
you haven't already and I'll see you
guys in my next video are you literally
ended every single one of your videos
get your twerk on did you work on your
twerk now are you gonna twerk hey okay
bye guys the YouTube
with your cameras outside vehicle Thanks
I'm not drunk my wife is from you guys
it's just that's a lazy Sunday I want to
take another nap I mean I just woke up
for one I don't want to take a nap two
on my bed right here
that's not your bed oh geez
