dang you guys we messed up right yeah
we're stupid
Oh
I think some of those okay this is all
son baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things
good morning guys so we are already up
and about and we're actually headed to
breakfast with my mom it's um her
birthday I'm sitting in the back right
now because all her was fussing but now
he's happy he's the only just mom he's
like yeah I'm happy now guys it's my
mom's birthday so we're headed to
breakfast and maybe to do a couple
things and hang out with her we are
actually headed to the nivel favorite
place I hop they really should give you
guys like a brand deal by now don't you
think I'm sure that you guys send just
as many people there as we send to all
of garden CJ your whole thing little
Holly yeah really awkward it's getting a
stretch on huh are you like that when
you wake up you know right oh you just
go like this look
ah
good job Bailey you have him right okay
I can't do it I have a lips you have to
get him to if you go I'm good
oh yeah we tried to hide it but we
didn't really do it very well I'm gonna
go get your massage on he's going crazy
on this era like how I just watch her do
it and then you're like freak out let's
just move everything away from Bailey
how do you do it
can you do it you got uske like that I
don't think I didn't think you can do it
with these spoons I can't do it do it
can you see we got a blow hot air onto
it
that's hard how do you do that you guys
yeah it usually does this thing is like
slippery hey look at you can see you
guys yeah you're upside down and now
your right side up now you're upside
down and now you're right shut up
go CJ you can do it oh because he did it
oh wow look at this pancake CJ not
that's crazy look at that funny face
proud eat whipped cream for that is a
breakfast of champions and you know you
guys CJ actually scored his first goal
in soccer you deserve it yeah we're at a
5th so right now and Cassie's running
around on that that's good right yeah
soon Oliver is going to be on one of
those riding around
here's Cassie being Miley Cyrus she get
love she gets up she stands up yeah
that's harder than you think
keep the change you guys it's Snow White
she's here it's no white ears where's
the Beast no wrong one The Doors droite
where are the dwarfs yes Cathy go poopie
there you go puppy go buddy there we go
I'll let him up you can scroll that duck
he'll heal it's really really weird
seriously like mess with my head
could you like is it there it just I
didn't understand how it worked now I
understand there's a dog there good
doggy
I bit me you get me you guys is floating
in mid-air puppy all right guys you got
to be on my team this time okay please
do this for me
look at this cool vest do you guys think
I could rock it
yeah hey leave it in the comments no I
don't know it's sooner what it doesn't
go especially with that sir and I'm not
sure about it with us with I wouldn't
know where I'm with a collar sir I kind
of think so to be like ironic like I'm
dressed up but I'm on the casual you
know I mean what's mommy doing
Oh
let her sleep I'm up and for my mom's
birthday I actually got her a like foot
massage at this place so of course that
means I get one because you know she go
alone so smart thinking I know right
so forever then we're gonna go do that
and so Brian is driving us me and he's
not staying here I just didn't want him
to like be too far away because I didn't
pump any milk and so I fed him just now
but I don't know what only an hour I
don't only are but I just wanted clothes
in case Oliver's like I'm starving give
me milk right now if he says that then
definitely contact me okay if he says
those words yeah okay Oliver and I are
scoping out the mall while moms getting
her feet done huh hey you don't know
this guy we'll enjoy the walk though
won't you boy no smoking in the elevator
okay the sign right there says it no
smoking
okay you're just gonna have to you're
just gonna have to not smoke I'm sorry
rush probably at the number huh see
house won't be no smoking no smoking so
I might have ended up at the clearance
section at Old Navy not sure how that
happened but look it these shirts are
cheap $5.99 $2.99 and it's 30% off Missy
so chillax ok you'll be thanking me this
is like the coolest thing ever you guys
Old Navy for little one let's see
okay yes see that little boy in the
middle the little boy with no head he
has no head
that's kind of that's kind of weird I'm
sorry ah don't look don't look that's
graphic oh yeah
that kid is a good dresser that's gonna
be you buddy
it's gonna be you okay you guys would be
so proud of me right now
Ollie has been like super like calm and
quiet sleeping the entire time and now
on the way home on the way to go pick up
Missy he's like getting all fussy but I
totally just did the one hand on the
wheel and one hand fishing for his binky
and I put it in his mouth while driving
I was like what that's awesome that's
like a total like if there were like
awards for being a parent I feel like
that I'd get an award for that you know
what I mean
hey higher feet all relaxed oh we're
going to talk oh no I did I couldn't
vlog at all okay
know that it was gonna be like seriously
black dark dark they're gonna like
literally rip my clothes off do they rip
your clothes off to the massage your
feet I had no idea that it was a full
body massage eggs but they like focus a
lot on the feet okay literally like okay
close off and stay sorry like I post up
and we're like wait we're just doing our
feet yeah yeah okay you're taking your
clothes off and then they put like yeah
take off your pants
and then like they put a towel wrist and
she starts taking off my bra like good
you're like I did not sign up for this
package but it was really nice I mean it
was nice right yeah we feel super
relaxed a little bit like I had times
when I was actually in a lot of pain
yeah because they don't understand how
much pain I'm in so I'm like okay we
hang on just wait don't you can't just
be lifting me right back yeah sometimes
even I was like oh like oh okay that's a
little yeah yeah that's weird look at
babe I found the clearance section I Old
Navy
I got good I got three shirts for nine
dollars and they gave me this free tote
bag
oh I love totes not just that I'm away
look he's like funny I'm free-balling
every hey you need your diaper changed
yo have you guys noticed he's sort of
being a little bit more drooly he's got
like a little more drool coming in are
you like that I think you wouldn't be
with your nip I don't know what that
means if that means I teeth are coming
in I don't know when do teeth usually
come in I don't even know that mean that
all right guys guess what Missy and I
are going to the gym I'm dragging her
there yeah well what'd you just do go to
your hair just went like all decide to
go hey my ponytail
Missy's all ready for the gym and we're
gonna go you know what they say you guys
the couple that sweats together stays
together
right never heard of that I don't think
that's ever been said actually dang you
guys we messed up right yeah we're
stupid
I totally forgot that my gym is really
weird
on the weekends it's actually open like
only until 8 o'clock when it's open till
11:00 on all the I don't really get it
yeah we showed up at like 807 we're not
gonna get to work out and I'm kind of
bummed because I really wanted to run I
really wanted to run I was really all
geared up yeah I was pretty excited but
know this have to try it tomorrow she's
like all signed up for like a guest
thing so she's gonna see she can sort of
work it out cuz I think she really wants
to get back into yoga start doing that
major fail and I guess I could like run
like in real life who does that and also
it's like dark outside so pretty sure
we'd get mugged I ready for bed thank
you everyone these karma looks so weird
do you see that
he doesn't come he does I mean it's not
my favorite look but it's really easy
because his hair is so ridiculous
sometimes it's so long and it just sheds
and so when he gets this it just not
only is easier on us but I think he
loves it because he always like runs
around like hey I swear he's like I can
run fast again nothing's holding me back
now can really do it like what every
like for four to five months yeah and
it's just like a little break and they
definitely didn't do a very good job
this time I will say because like I
don't know he's just like all fluff here
and then like fluff there they're
supposed to like trim up his tail and
stuff but they didn't really do a very
good job I smell like oh man yeah
no more smell like I did have to give
him a little shower last night he was
not happy always getting ready for bed
and this does not look like your best uh
swaddle no it's like super loose I mean
it's okay but doing the old rule I was
talking about how he's been drooling
lately yeah it's really weird like I
don't think he's teething but it's just
like all of a sudden you started like
drooling and Cimber what if he's
teething oh geez I'm scared for my boobs
really I'm making you eat too much every
time I turn the camera on you you stop
smiling someone was actually counting
about how um they thought it was kind of
interesting that I actually swaddled him
and I put him in his rocking play and he
goes to sleep
it is super weird I'm I definitely see
that I'm super lucky in this case when
it's bedtime he actually goes to bed I
don't have to like nurse in the sleep I
usually I have like my little routine
that I do and he does eat before eat
right before he goes to bed but he
doesn't like need a nurse to fall asleep
or beat a rock to sleep
I just swaddle him and lay him in here
and then he just kind of drifts to sleep
which is really cool I think the bath
helps too yeah I gave him a bath I just
I had like a routine and he loves it and
if I don't do the routine I can
definitely tell it's a it's a little bit
more difficult to get him to sleep but
it's really nice because I think I'm
really lucky and I definitely plan to
like nurture it like don't let it like
go away I want to like keep up with it
that way he always just is
need to go to sleep he loves it huh he's
such a good little boy huh I wanted to
remind you guys if you don't know on the
12th of this month we're doing the Color
Run
oh yeah we're doing a color run in San
Diego it's a 5k run and we're doing like
our first little Meetup and stuff so if
you guys don't know about that I'll put
the link in the description below you
guys can check it out so cool to see you
there and the sugar scape Ward's are
still going on we are nominated for Best
new tuber you can vote for us in the
link below as well that would be super
awesome if you guys could do that cuz
it'd be awesome and because with what's
going on what's going on over here you
guys oh oh no where's karma
where's karma come on where are you
karma where are you fall you want to
play with your ball park you go to the
park he's little he's not moving at all
this is my new Halloween costume
squirrel good to scroll come give the
scroll oh my gosh I'm sorry boy I'm
sorry alright anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog give it a thumbs up if
you did and as always we will see you
guys tomorrow
barn Missi Lanning had been trying to
get pregnant for two years when I
started my pregnancy journey I decided I
wanted to get on YouTube and like find
other women who are doing the same thing
so when Missy thought she was pregnant
she turned on her camera being on
YouTube we sort of have two families we
have like our family who like our mom
and dad and aunts and uncles and stuff
and then we also have like our YouTube
family and so it was kind of like a
thing where we filmed it for them
you
