get them down monkey boy monkey boy
she's gonna talk big benefit dancing
baby is it cold
are you doing me a change driver for me
this is all Sunday
boy they're gonna do amazing things
ah good morning mr. Oliver say hi hi
good morning good morning good morning
whoo angel baby there you go kukuku
good good I'm gonna kid you
yeah happy baby hell yeah happy baby
happening this is so singing cute oh
he's just sitting here watching the
computer and daddy work bless you he's
like literally watching the computer and
yeah not even doing anything
yes I'm teaching him like Twitter and
you they go yeah you just saw click
right here kind of white you set up
there with them oh no karma that's not
your toys it's like nyan oh there's my
tail good morning
um don't mind the hair I haven't done it
today as you can tell
oh come on me good morning nibbles my
ear it's very creepy I'm sorry it's very
creepy okay oh my gosh you caught my
mouth right now Oliver is doing tummy
time he is gonna roll over any day now
he's just working those muscles got it
perfectly aligned so he can push awesome
binky and then back onto his binky it's
just hard work huh good morning guys
look at it it's like it's really bright
out here cuz it's super foggy I don't
know if you guys can really tell it
feels like fall you know like it is fall
but it takes a while for it to feel like
fall in California
check out that fog yo crazy spooky out
here we're gonna try and start like an
actual schedule where there's like nap
times and playtime and all that and I'm
really excited about it because I think
it will help with maybe his times of
moodiness because maybe he's just overly
tired because he you know because he
just takes a lot of little cat naps I'm
gonna try and eliminate the cat naps and
do like naps like nap time I'm excited
about it I think it'll help also um
having like playtime and tummy time and
specific times during the day where he
gets like a full you know however many
minutes of doing whatever he's working
on it he's working hard at trying to
roll over
alright headed off to go ship off this
huge order of shirts that's every shirt
that's in America well that it's being
sent in America being sent today so if
you ordered a shirt the second time
around you should have it by this
Saturday but I'm gonna go do that I'm a
gym bag packed and so I'm gonna go
straight to the gym afterwards and get
my workout on ah I work out so it is
finally nap time and he's exhausted he's
already out actually and we just did
like tons of playtime and everything so
I think he's gonna be pretty tired
unfortunately though I do not have a
monitor yet I haven't bought one so
we're gonna use FaceTime to keep an eye
on him just because this is the first
time he's gonna sleep in his crib for
reals
his first nap time in his crib so baby
is actually asleep in his crib I feel
quite proud of myself right now I
actually found myself a cheap little um
monitor that was just like in the garage
and it's just the sound there's no like
um video because FaceTime was not
working especially because obviously we
want a dim and dark in there and it
wasn't working so I can't do the whole
FaceTime idea that I was gonna do which
was a pretty genius idea if you ask me
but it didn't work
so um I'm gonna definitely have to
invest in some monitors if I want him to
take at least naps in there but this
will do for now and they seem to be
working pretty well so now I can
actually maybe get some stuff done like
laundry laundry hair
we'll see so Oliver's been a nap ever
been sleeping for like almost an hour
now and I barely got my hair down which
I actually still need to do a little
more it's weird like I have like all
this time my hands but yeah I don't know
to do with it I mean I dunno what to do
with it I just don't want to do anything
with it but he's already starting like
make little noises like he's starting to
wake up just so cute he's just sleeping
in his bed napping can't I'm you're so
proud of him hang on ringing stick that
out oh okay I wasn't happy
did you have a good nap little dude hey
yo you look happy you look kind of tired
so so kill much I just got back from my
workout and I'm cooking some Asian style
yoza dumplings also known as chicken pot
stickers I love these things and they're
like super like natural there's no trans
fat no MSG if I want msg but I'm
actually spreading these now down and
then what I do is um I take two
tablespoons of this stuff it's a general
tso sauce by Iron Chef this stuff is so
bomb on pasta cause you guys I'm not
even kidding it's like probably one of
my favorite foods is this is this thing
right here I've only been able to find
this out like a window it's really
really hard to find and voila there's my
dumplings I don't know if this is
normally how like you eat traditional
dumplings I in fact I'm pretty sure it's
not but these are so good the cool thing
is I can actually eat eight of these for
240 calories so they totally fit in with
my diet I do and they're good to eat
after you work out eating outside with
Ollie hey boy dig in the pants
babe thanks they're in they're super
popular right now see all the chalk
drawing still and that crazy whenever we
have kids over at our house they just
like go crazy on the chalk Casey there
you go there's like five Frankenstein's
Missy hashtags
why did my with haze weird that's
left-handed that's pretty dang good so I
just found out that sharzad the host of
the moms view is actually pregnant I'm
so excited for her
Ethan who was actually pregnant when I
was there cuz she's about 14 weeks um so
I think she was just waiting a little
while before she announced it and so
excited I wonder what she's happier
having I kind of hope is she's having a
girl that she would like to be so cute
with a little girl but boys are just so
much fun Han doing boys are actually a
lot of fun I was like oh boys dirty boys
want a little girl but now I just
couldn't imagine having a little girl
like this little boy is just perfect
he's perfect huh except when you're bad
that's when you're not perfect then
you're just not perfect just kidding
you're always perfect huh yeah how did
you guys know Jeff a good kid doing this
whole schedule thing it's actually
working really well I'm really happy
with it you know I did what I was kind
of wondering because I know everyone
starts their schedule differently some
people want to start it right away
students are born they start some sort
of schedule
I waited till these about three months
obviously and some people do it sooner
some people wait till later so I'd love
I've actually like to know you know when
did you try and start enforcing some
sort of schedule because yeah I feel
like three months seems to work pretty
good for us especially because he's just
kind of a the kind of baby that just
sleeps a lot I guess or not a lot but
you know what I mean he's not like a up
all day he kind of does his own thing so
it's gonna be nice actually being able
to keep him up and trying to put him to
sleep that way maybe he's not as overly
tired at times so yeah I'd like to know
when you guys um actually started
enforcing some sort of schedules leave
that in the comments below so I can kind
of read through your guys's comments
tomorrow but should do an eating a
pomegranate looks good you ever find
that sometimes they taste like leaves no
but I always feel bad you say look like
you know in Finding Nemo in the
beginning your legs and I'm just like
remind you of a fish
I've never had one can I try a little
bit never had a pomegranate eat these
little don't yeah you just suck on it
basically and then spit out the seed
Nick stains no that's a lot of work for
not a whole lot of nothing
so me and Kassius got done filming a
pretty funny video huh yeah yeah the
first thing she's actually been on my
channel right yeah yeah um and so I
think it turned out really good so you
guys should go watch it I think it
should be up right now yeah right now go
watch it check it out I don't like that
youtubers react yeah you never watch
like youtubers react on the fine
brothers channel it's kind of set up
that way me and Cassie will probably try
and do like a Q&A and like do little
things every once somehow cuz everyone
loves her for some reason you know I'm
like wait prettier than her kidding yeah
lovely going to get my diapers which
because it's no longer summertime and
totally sucks because I'm definitely not
able to get them dry like I would like I
could set them out here this summer time
for like 30 minutes and they'd be dry
and now they're just they're kind of dry
look pretty dry it'll still probably
fluff them up a little bit in the dryer
for a few minutes just because I hate
folding like really cold diapers this
one's gonna be like warm and fluffy and
feel like I'm putting fluffy diapers by
the way I did not bring a hamper so
we're going to attempt to just grab them
all guys right let's hand these ones
more there we go
I got him this is telling you guys mommy
talent up up up
when you're a parent you learn you have
one of these you at all times
look at me sure you think about that
 he does this little smirk thing you
guys see he's like hey you can do it
ready we are headed
to bj's because they had this delicious
amazing crazy cool awesome delicious
fantastic heavenly form toasteen
mouth-watering chocolaty creamy crunchy
oven fresh goodness I can't think of any
more again it's a bouzouki the proper
pronunciation is Hazuki puzzle piece
wookie okay um so I mean actually okay
gross I'm very yellow right now look at
this Cali girl I've got a sweatshirt on
flip-flops what are you looking at
get off your phone don't
Miley put it that away all over it out
to visit buddies welcome outlook doing
your cute little sock monkey is here it
get some help monkey boy
markup on she's gonna talk I think you
better put dancing baby I hear we're a
little hungry we got a little beat that
yeah like what's the harm and she's
splitting a little pizza yeah I'm not
nursing know if I was nursing my god
what if I could do it Oh get in it
universe I'm just saying yeah so Brian's
like uh can I take him out of like I
wouldn't think about because now you're
holding all night and now I don't find
well hi I'm gonna eat
no way okay
right now yeah good yeah you're set
right here and you're working with
it's hard to get out of here the main
attraction has arrived
what do you how do you feel about this
babe sorry to feel like a major fatty
yes there are three of them but there
some are a little bit smaller than the
others and we got - oh that's hot don't
touch them metal it's metal and it's hot
we got two chocolate and one original
dig in babe
you're driven on Holi Nami baby all he
is in his brand-new diaper
look a even yeah every button is a
different color something it's not girly
what do you think you think it's girly
like NAT kou pretty cool super cute if
we had a little girl you guys think I
want a little sister
I guess belly button you guys looks
perfect getting so good huh like yeah I
did that I'm amazing baller status I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog give it a
thumbs up as it did oh all he just he's
learning quick huh give the vlog a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it you guys it
lets us know that you like what we're
doing if you're new to our videos you
can subscribe we put out videos every
single day we're less than a hundred
days away from one year daily vlogging
and that's just so cool a week left of
voting if you want to vote for us to be
best new tuber on the sugar scape
YouTube awards I'll put the link in the
description below and definitely be sure
to go check out Macy's new video because
it's so funny and I think the fine
brothers would be really proud the fine
brothers do the youtubers react and we
kind of tried to film it and edit it
sort of to fit that because it's like
there's talking about a video while
watching it and there wasn't really any
other way we could have done it to show
you guys from really cool home movies if
you guys liked it it'd be really cool if
you could like tweet it to them because
I'd be so amazing if they saw it
do you want me to read this book babe
you see says I can read them whatever I
want
can I read in my Twitter feed we're
gonna go to bed we'll see you guys
tomorrow thank you for watching bye you
want to give all of our kiss go
to the horse oh hi you can hangs up a
duck going by we're reading Oliver his
very first book you can think about day
a day in the day the water is blue and
the bird
