good morning guys baby all he's getting
is tan on homebodies why are you keep
interrupting it
I think some of those okay this is our
son baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things I'm not
interrupting he's just so cute I just
want to squeeze his little cheeks of
polka band coddle Evan stuff his hands
are freezing keep your hands under the
blanket buddy babies have really poor
circulation when they're little so his
hands and his feet get cold really fast
mmm-hmm King Jack you dead what do you
think mmm
I think it's been washed too many times
looks a little saggy then you need to
pull it up a little more five years ago
wearing a beanie was just really simple
you put it on your head but now it's
like you got to wear it right or you're
not cool dogs cool babe I am mopping the
floors we're gonna have like a ton of
family over later today and look at this
cool mop it's like a steamer so I hope
this little button you see Steve yeah
there's like steam coming out the sides
and it's very hot is he's feeding Oliver
so I get too much fun
Gordon yeah I did um all right so we
again ready right now we're headed to
the cemetery today to bury my grandpa
which is obviously like a really hard
thing to do but at the same time it's
actually like a really like therapeutic
thing to do because they do like a
really nice service because he actually
was a vet and they do like a really
special like ceremony kind of thing so
it'll be really special in a really just
nice way to I guess say goodbye Oliver
is going to be wearing the super cute
outfit actually all the guys are wearing
blue jeans and a white shirt all he's
gonna be wearing this soon being on dude
yeah for grandpa for papa papa
we're also cleaning up like crazy
because afterwards all the family's
coming over and we're gonna have like a
big get-together and eat food and that's
just what you do someone's knocking at
our door
hello oh babe
would it it's a I'm still today kind
couple who live in the upstairs
apartment I can look like this care for
baby please take him and love him his
name is Herbert because he really likes
my hello Herbert well we'll give you a
home no problem Hey
oh he's sad cuz his family left him oh
this is our new son his name is Herbert
I will raise you and as my own
yeah how we fun about that name though I
mean Herbert
I'm cool with it if you're cool with it
I mean it's kind of cute
seize him looks like a little Herbert hi
Vicky a new family Oh about to blow I
found a new beanie and it has a bow on
it so did another it's another baby yeah
this one old and this one's new and cute
and I'm also wearing my grandma's pearls
she gave them to me a long time ago and
they're really special I don't think
they're real but doesn't really matter
to me because they're just really
special it mean a lot to me so somewhere
um today you always tell people it's
real okay fine there's super real and
they're like super expensive and I'm
like really rich it was like super I can
pay when you get ready Robert you want
to take Herbert so I'll take Herbert and
I'll see if I can find something for him
to wear look at this little neon he's
just so cute he's even wearing shoes
today
and cute jeans and I'm not a happy face
let's put on a happy face put on a happy
face all right all right
Oh fun right now
my pearls that are my grandma is just
broke and like really upset about eggs I
really I mean obviously they're they can
probably be fixed but I want to wear
them today but I'm kind of really sad
about it so we're actually headed right
now to the cemetery for the burial right
now and we're going a little bit early
because we're going to go see my grandpa
on my mom's side so my mom's dad grandma
I'd love to go see her her spot but
they're actually burying my grandpa on
top of my grandma so it's kind of
special because they're gonna get to
like be together like I'm kind of in the
same spot we're going to go see a couple
tombstones that we haven't really been
able to see cuz kind of it's the kind of
a long drive plus you're going to
cemeteries isn't like something our
family does because we don't really feel
like I don't know how to explain it I'm
not like that's where we go to remember
because we remember them all the time
yeah it's like that's not them in the
ground yeah that's their body but that's
not who they are and who they were yeah
because they're in heaven and so it's
not really it's not somewhere we would
go regularly you know but I've gone
there and it's always really special
when I go see my grandma because I was
really close to her this is a huge
Cemetery you guys I don't think I've
ever been in a cemetery this big I
haven't been in that many cemeteries
actually
anybody lost his shoes
why'd you kick off your shoe fancy look
fancy no oh that one's barely on anyway
what was take the lucky so we just went
to see my grandpa my mom's side and that
was really nice to get to see his spa
we'd never seen it and it was just kind
of cool dude has she seen it no those
are first time my mom and seen it yeah
beautiful misplaces yeah it's really
pretty like there's like you like
butterflies flying and like yeah
fountains and it's really nice really
nice he's a baby yep Bailey I love your
outfit where'd you get your little skirt
from where's that from
pretty pretty princess hello she afraid
of you dude you got your white shirt oh
I jump over here
jump CJ whoo baby Bailey look at your
hair blowing in the wind but what's over
there or whit
Oh
United States Army Installation except
this class or appreciation your levels
army Athens
so we just left and it was really really
nice that was it's always like really
cool to see like a bet like the way they
like honor them we didn't get a chance
to see my grandma and grandpa's
headstones it's not there and the field
was like totally torn up because they're
redoing grass and stuff like that so
I'll definitely want to come back and
like see it in everything but it was
just really nice to just get to do that
and it was really special and really
hard but yeah but was really nice that
we got to say goodbyes now we are headed
to the house and we're going to eat some
food I'm starving like seriously start
being hit check out this sweet
Frankenstein CJ what are you gonna draw
okay a circle
let's get starting okay a stick all
right six all I see are those legs good
job
arms cool cool is that the eyes what
about the hair I draw the air quick
those you guys I just picked up six
pizzas and the Prius is freaking out
because it thinks there's someone
sitting in the seat but really there's
just six pizzas but just keep that on
the pizzas put your seat belts on the
pizzas oh and no we did not get another
base this is the parent and laws parent
in lawns mother in law's yeah they
called in-laws and I guess you're saying
this is the in-laws Prius because mine
bought boxed in because there's a lot of
people at our house right now and we're
all about to Mack into this who saw
we're all gathered outside eating and
look at us we put the kids to work you
raking leaves
I think you missed some there's some
over there in the corner right there see
him are you doing buddy fine chew on
your hands
you got it he wants to know who all
these people are who are all these
people Jessica that's cus you're still
I'm putting this on the blog it doesn't
matter if you look away close she's
funny huh hello Bailey Bailey Pete's in
ships and then getting crumbs all over
me huh so we're having a big ol
get-together we have a million kids over
a campfire they've created a campfire
night bag yeah what are you guys doing
that is hilarious how are you gonna get
the fire started
you gonna you gotta rub the sticks
together right
now they need a lighter yeah I'm making
a video diary okay where are you gonna
get a lighter from you guys okay I think
that this game should be over now it's
not work I told them they gotta use
their imagination with the fire do you
see the fire CJ you see the hut yeah I
know
jeromy whoops Ally okay there there's
the fire it's going I'm warming up are
you guys warming up real tired people
there you go more fire CJ we're CJ he's
got the best imagination say mini
matches TJ you're the caveman yeah and
we got to get the bunny okay the little
girl has the bunny little girl put the
bunny down so we can eat it for dinner
no good ahh CJ take it oh oh no oh we
have a hippie here on our hands a little
girl who does not want us to have bunny
food what are we gonna eat then get
Missi hanging out with the kids just
playing with them it's so pretty
okay thanks alright let's go find the
deer the little girl wants to keep the
bunny for a pet so
I see the deer like cavemen I am
Blizzard's the dinner grab it take it we
need to take it dinner okay you have to
take again it's one thing this one's
real that's what first of all come on
you are hit this girl huh what's getting
for the little girl gets it here she's
just a hippie okay ready okay take it
home take it home take it home
hurry hurry hurry okay you go until you
have to now to have to take care of
those because we're cavemen are we
cavemen
yes gateman oh oh my gosh today has been
so crazy and long and exhausting and
tired it was actually a lot harder than
I thought it was gonna be um cuz I don't
know I felt like I was saying goodbye
not only to my grandpa but like to my
grandma all over again she actually died
10 years ago it was just it was really
hard like just talking about all the fun
times we used to have with both my
grandpa and grandma today we actually we
I mean we didn't just say goodbye even
to my grandpa and grandma we actually
buried Gabriel in the casket with my
grandpa so it was just like double way I
mean so many emotions really really hard
today and it was hard but the same time
it was nice to get to spend it with
family and like old times and do a
really big get-together and of course we
have Olly which is really cool and
really exciting to get to have my little
baby join in all the fun and so wait a
day like days like this makes you want
to go better like 8 o'clock cuz it's
just like done it's just a lot I was
also gonna let you guys know that if you
don't know we were nominated for Best
new youtuber I think that was what it
was for the sugar escape awards it would
be so cool if you guys go vote for us
the link will be in the description and
you can just go through and vote it's
pretty simple pretty easy
then we just be super nice but only if
you really think that we're the best new
youtuber okay but we are I mean duh just
get me hit so exhausted so tired I feel
like there's so much I want to like tell
you guys and talk to you about I feel
like I'm like like we just didn't do a
lot today because we just spent a lot of
time with family but I feel like you
guys missed like things I want to like
talk about and stuff so hopefully
tomorrow will be super fun and we can
catch up but me and all I are gonna get
ready for bed Brian's at the gym
actually it's actually pretty late too
but he's like I gotta get into the gym
got to do the gym huh got a workout
daddy's got a workout C workout I work
out all right guys we're going to bed so
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye okay
that's rev enough I can't see it what do
you think babe yeah
yeah that's all good you ain't further
than that okay
look at it's a completely different
color even crazy
okay it's really just decided to do this
last night I was like yeah yeah I'm
gonna cut my hair she goes back
