I was like what are you doing your hair
dad when are you doing breathing human
like you and he's done y'all bone baby
Ollie like laughter oh you have to get
real here in a second huh
some frisbees huh that's you wanted this
is all fun baby
boy there's a new amazing things going
over hey good morning say happy Monday
Wow
bless you oh you got that all my face
how much energy he has right now you
guys and he's asleep
good morning guys check out my fluffy
hair check out my fluffy hair I'm gonna
do something quite different with it
today because I'm pretty due for a
haircut look at the light and I'm gonna
do something a little different think
it's gonna get pretty short so and I'm
glad to do this morning gotta get some
diapers and get Oliver in an outfit come
on come on
I hate make it all the way success this
baby wants me to hold him all day every
day I have to do my hair so today is
gonna be a ponytail because I can't do
my hair because he wants me to cut a
little game all day are we gonna take
her head like me Missy no I'm thinking
he's gonna shave his head I'll just
shave my head too yeah
how would you like it I think I look
good go with like the whole Natalie
Portman look or Miley Cyrus oh yeah babe
you should we're gonna go on an
adventure
yay it's mr. I think there's gonna be
pancakes involved I love you boo I love
you
I pretty much starving
it's always extremes with you I know
it's either I'm starving I'm gonna die
or off so fall I'm gonna die but that's
just my thing I just I do that on
purpose because that's just my thing
okay I will go craving I hop I'm having
cravings
I literally have cravings all the time
that's why I never could say like what I
was craving when I was pregnant because
I just always crave things who's calling
you what's your knee I don't know who
was that it was wrong number no no no Oh
miss Ibbetson tears at dinner
something like that uh it was kind of
funny anyways yeah pretty much starving
I want I hop so that's what we're
getting boom
hello I think I know the wrong but again
my apologies no problem I think that
there's some something going on here and
she keeps calling you older Mexican Li
and she's like trying to hint you about
something you keep telling over on them
for phone numbers now calling me why is
the car B is the car expecting us to go
inside I hop it's still on I'm sorry
it's so quiet I don't know how do I get
out of him likewise B y'all get so that
he's like why is it beeping at me yeah
he didn't turn off the car baby all he
gets to sit up here on his little throne
and just observe us it looks painful
hey Terry stable he's happy he's happy
now that he's in his car seat and he got
a little Drive so he fell asleep
what what - well what am I supposed wear
my shoes do me dance she's not sure if
she likes hi hot pancakes so here we go
never know with her good yeah
welcome you got pancake and princess and
you got what coming egg oh my muffin so
we're headed into the mall Brian's going
to get a new haircut and I always have
mixed feelings when Brian like switches
his hair like I'm usually really
stubborn about it right it's not that
big of a deal babe it grows back I know
so I'm at this point I'm like whatever
when he had like his long hair was like
long was like like this nine had that I
was totally freaked out about him
cutting it off because then it would
take like forever to grow back if I
wanted him to but now it's like it'll
grow back in like two weeks you know
just a little bit weird oh my gosh the
world-building closed that's kill yes
you really like this shirt and like this
shirt and this shirt is really weird
oh my gosh okay fair enough I can't see
it what do you think babe
yeah that's not good too in shorter than
that okay look at it it's a completely
different color even I totally just
decided to do this last night I was like
yeah I'm gonna cover hair back yeah
that's like figure you know it goes back
actually chemical really yeah oh I'm
really excited now all girls like what
are you doing your hair dad when are
your doing breathing human like you he's
done y'all bald
hey that cute guy over there
ready any radium
areas I'm gonna close up like what do
you guys think I can see a little bit of
your scalp here oh and you can't really
a little bit that's so funny
yeah hi guys think we actually really
like it yeah she was like very surprised
she's like I hate change okay guys and
it's not that different basically this
is just shorter so it no like build up
like go like this I know it's weird
so we're like I haven't had that since I
wasn't like yeah normally I can like
play with his hair was like like grab it
now it's just like a sushi machine third
grade my hair used to be that short my
mom would just like buzzing yeah well
it's not bugs up here yeah but I like it
guys I think it's good brush it's
different what do you guys think leave
it in the comments I don't care if you
say you hate it yeah I mean it looks
good please any covenant it does make it
make you look quite pointy is it like a
faux hawk no it's actually called an
undercut and they like yeah it's like
really short on the sides and back and
then the head this is supposed to grow
out really long hmm so like you know
like McLemore does it like he has it
really long and he was just saying that
name who is that he's the rapper the
white rapper who sings same love
oh yeah I didn't know what it looks like
though I don't know if I'm gonna grow it
out and slick it back but you said she
said she liked the top the length of the
top so you look like a rock star do I
really yeah I love this look
can someone please screenshot this and
tweet Missy this we're gonna do a photo
fun strip we haven't done this in a long
time I think they've done this on the
blog before we haven't done one with all
of her do you really think I wasn't
gonna put a little I mean
he's sleeping but like oh he's not hey
buddy
move into a photo fun strip with your
parents always hiding all averse party
okay okay yeah maybe this drug phone
there's no time to be camera shy
I really over here I love it love's good
could all relax kind of can't forget the
Disney Store for the whole hello hope
will he fit in this yeah oh we totally
didn't tell them yeah we did get a leave
a Halloween costume and it's super cute
oh she's dying oh no oh it even has a
hat you guys ruined put it on I still
have not babe we still haven't seen
monsters University Holly wants to see
it too
look at this you guys it's like a tree
cut out and it's playing The Nightmare
Before Christmas
well now it's playing something else so
crazy
Winnie the Pooh on this one this is like
a muggle honeydukes right here muggle oh
my god I'd stop using Harry Potter
references around Missy because she
clearly doesn't get it I kind of
understood the muggle pervading
honeydukes is a sweetshop
everything looks good world's smallest
jabra teeny tiny they are gummy brains
hmm cool is he wants me to get her a
rose you will literally never eat that
she's so picky about her chocolate look
who we just ran into guys this is
Allison hi Allison who's this little guy
Jesse hey Jesse he's little too how big
is he too much so he's like just right
around ollie
look at him with his little poo
he's like grabbing on to it Holly why do
you grab on to cute stuffed animals you
don't do that yet oh that's cute I
surprised you recognize me because I
just did the whole hair thing notice
that oh my god don't be a fan of yours
sure it is really short but I'm actually
I'm digging it and this he likes it too
which was a surprise so we were walking
by this bridal store and I always like
to look at bridal dresses true if I ever
get married again just kidding wait if
me and him ever have another wedding
which is I guess a possibility what if
we decide to renew our vows I'm gonna I
mean but then if you remove a little
thank you wear with a wedding dress no
you wear like something yeah well anyway
so um this I'm gonna get married again
ever to do it all over again I would
want this one look how pretty this is
oh wait let me go I get how much do you
think it is he's gonna check the price
right now
called the Maryann how much do you think
it is
it's 1759 almost 2 grands I dress my
dress was gorgeous you want to know how
much do i owe my $100 mmm that's how you
do it bottle of ebay are you have to get
it tailored but it was actually really
pretty insane the dress I wanted it was
a more of doors
I can't pretty you walking that's the
perfume is everywhere its surrounding
big we need to get likes like this for
our room that's really big I don't know
I don't know one that sorry ladies look
at this cute eh hey buddy
hmm you got a clean nappy on and he's
all happy and red baby it's actually
really convenient having this byebye
baby near us because whenever we're
driving around and shopping and stuff or
just like oh sure let's just go in here
and change him you know feed him change
him hang out and of course shop for you
every time we come here we try and grab
a bump genius because we really like
these it's nice if you just grab one
every once in a while
sort of build up your stash which one
should I go kind of like this cool
colorful one or Boop's go put it in
there and I'm still in coupe sees this
is a 20 pound baby a little mountain
buggy if you will it's very heavy okay
Harry we've got Oliver on one hand this
would be this would be all older Oliver
will be our little bit look can you do
it can you do it I hope you can do it
because I'm not helping at all okay I'll
just grab him by his handle and then
there's this yeah look at this little
monkey
hang on Nick a monkey he actually really
likes this yeah he's very come join um
you know like yeah just hanging out at
me daddy hey what is going on here
nicely this thing got really big pink
gorilla gym time I'm headed back to the
gym I think this is Jim Monday through
Friday for how many weeks now is this is
this the third week anyway I've been
doing it a long time actually I'm going
back I'm gonna do a quick workout we
have an awesome dinner plan tonight so
I'm probably gonna be like drooling
while I'm on the elliptical I'm gonna be
like burgers YUM murder it's a murder
you guys so in today in the comments let
me know that a group of crows is called
a murder
there's murder taking place right there
learn something new every day I'm all
right
II are craving burgers tonight so I'm
gonna go to the store I'm actually
hanging out with my brother gotta get
the gear ood oh oh crap ya know me my
brother were just checking out and the
lady was like are you guys together and
we were like yeah we like we said yeah
cuz we have figured it's like together
like our stuff but it was awkward but
like dudes asking if we're together did
you feel like that I felt like she was
just wondering if we're in the same car
oh okay so I was like oh my god get in
the car oh okay yeah I was like why is
she asking that is it pretty together
you look like brother and sister look at
her blue eyes okay boys new eyes you
guys oh my gosh you guys look what I
just walked in on okay this is really
buddy
Papa is wearing oli he's all snuggled in
there
I'll kill Kelly I guess he only wants to
be facing the TV and he wants to be
facing forward just to watch storage
wars make to what's for dinner
popped up in that grill and I kid you
not there was a spider this big you guys
it was who mugged oh wow look at the
moon I know it just looks like a dot but
it looks really cool
what kind of moon is this did you guys
see this oh man those burgers were so
good I'm so full that was just like an
awesome dinner and we are gonna call it
a night today was a good day
today was a really good day Jim good
babe what are you doing in there anyway
I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog give it
a thumbs up if you did and I just want
to say thank you to everyone on Twitter
and Instagram who's been sending me like
awesome comments about my hair I'm
definitely diggin it definitely like a
sort of like a fresh new me you know you
know that new feeling you get like when
you change something about yourself
thank you guys so much for watching
tomorrow is the burial for Missy's
grandpa so I'm not sure how much we're
gonna vlog and we love you guys and
we'll see you tomorrow okay okay you
ready yeah okay you're standing right in
front of it okay then remember swish and
flick and Wingardium Leviosa you can do
it I believe in you mean Guardian
illuminosa my god it works yeah holy
crap it's moving
