oh my god baby
good boy he's gonna do amazing things
good morning guys good morning Carla hi
Kermit okay you gotta give me morning
hugs morning as in kisses hugs
and kisses what are you gonna do today
huh what do you wanna do
All Right see you later hardly Gliss you
guys the family went to El Pollo Loco
yesterday and apparently we decided we
needed 300 tortillas right
so I'm gonna put these two does use one
package has two tortillas it's like 200
calories so I make two little mini
breakfast burritos with this awesome
turkey sausage that I picked up from the
store this stuff is actually really
really good overlooked you can make me a
burrito I'm not gonna make your burrito
I'm sorry
scramble then that like an a tornado
whoo-hah warming up tortillas this is
how the real Spanish people warm up
their tortillas you guys right on the
fire sometimes this happens that's okay
you start over scramble please scramble
please
the more turned into like breakfast
tacos but he's still look nummy covers
like yeah did open ami I was trying to
Jack my breakfast no I'm sorry sorry boy
q so we are up for the day
and all he's already passed out again he
did a little bit of work out earlier he
was trying to roll over now he's just
passed out tired exhausted I need to get
some cleaning done so I'm gonna show you
what it looks like and then I'm gonna
show you it all clean ready all right
here we go and there it is look how cool
it work I just went a circle and it was
all clean oh now I gotta go clean this
room maybe I can just do the same thing
thank for change in time say hi have you
given them a high proper high today you
were kind of fussy earlier huh but even
he got a good long nap and now he's much
happier uncha I know I say this every
day but like I just cannot believe how
much bigger he's getting and just like
just so much like more mature to me like
he just looks around and he's interested
and before we know it he's gonna be
crawling and standing up pulling himself
up huh you're almost gonna roll over and
yeah so close baby diapers it's washing
day blue and stucked alright did you
guys catch that I just put my diapers in
and you're like they didn't do a rinse
before sometimes I do that I totally
forget I'm supposed to the rinse but
usually I catch it before it does it and
I just take
so pout and I rinse them before I wash
them
this is cloth diaper talk I guess and I
have 11 min left and they are washing so
I don't know how it's gonna turn out
they have supposed to rinse all the poop
off before you wash them and I didn't do
that so I don't want to do now
Ollie and I have been watching that show
I told you guys about yesterday flat out
on YouTube and all he really likes it he
actually really likes the NASCAR parts
because like the car is really loud
keeps him focused but now if you didn't
see in yesterday's walk I sort of gave
it a little shout-out because I
genuinely liked the show I don't know
what's going on over here
hello what are you doing oh come on yeah
hogging oh you are but that's so weird
that you're vlogging and I'm vlogging
it's like we're in a vlog it's like
we're vloggers come on crow crow oh my
gosh okay that mate reminding me I
really want to sign up for the mud run
in April who thinks I should do it
April of next year are you sure you know
what if you're pregnant by then I'm not
what if she's pregnant you guys okay
come here
crawl to your son grow grow watch the
laptop cord
what's the laptop cord sorry I'm sorry a
significant thing he did a your mom see
my mom's a troll the control and you're
under the bridge hi he's like what are
you doing Maci Ollie and I are just
chilling on the couch and we're talking
with our good old YouTube buddy Ashley
Mardell say hey Ashley hey everybody
how's it going
Ashley is so cool and she has the cutest
YouTube channel I'll link it below but
you guys definitely need to go check her
out and subscribe to her we were just
coming up with some cool ideas to be
featured on her channel and she has like
this really awesome idea and I can't
tell you but I really want to and it can
be so much fun don't say I'm gonna geek
out what I watched this on your channel
so you know that's okay as your your
next to like this disgusting bed thing
it's our life it's the parent life so
yeah you got to show everyone your sweat
look at the sweater she's wearing you
guys okay yeah it has an abominable
snowman on it and a what and it used to
sing but it doesn't now why um I used to
sing at one point events of electronics
in it that made it sing but then one day
I might have had a couple too many
drinks and accidentally brought it in
the shower oh my god that's Sophie
that's the kind of like hilarious stuff
you find on her channel so go subscribe
to her because we are gonna be on her
channel say it's like our worlds are
gonna be colliding Ashley it's good I
love it I love it I'm all about it you
got to do the cool like IP sign thing
good
okay night I make her do it every time I
call it where's Oliver oh hello mr.
Oliver you sit in your throne I gotta go
peace out
Oliver can you come back oh hey you have
a conference call coming in yes I'll
take that I'll be right back
oh my goodness they guide you I get you
I get you what are you doing is he
sucking on his hand he loves sucking on
his hand now I like his thumb he'll try
and find his thumb I'll take whatever
you can get really look at you guys we
made it down the stairs safely we just
finished filming Missy's mommy fall halt
so go check it out on her channel her
channel she looked all hot and fall like
you know I'm saying we have leaves
there's actually well it's actually fall
okay what are we doing
I'm I really want someone to put I can't
dude I got one hand on the baby one hand
on the camera okay let me just set I'll
just set baby Olli on the swing girl
fast so I can so I can do that I'm just
kidding I wouldn't do that you guys look
at all these crows you guys it's so
funny this time of day all fly over in
this area it's the craziest thing
do you see that I swear sometimes I'm
like God's the end of the world
cuz there's crows like flying everywhere
and I don't know why I don't know if
crows like gather when it's the end of
the world is that something that happens
we're gonna take a trip outside huh you
like to be outside make you look up here
no kind of pumpkins these ones are what
been so bad I'm gonna spray them down
while you've been telling me I'm like
bleach and water and stuff because yeah
they're definitely growing moles
we totally booked our winter vacation
for next month so I'm pretty stoked
where do you guys think we're going
leave it in the comments I think it's
gonna be a really nice little getaway
we're leaving after Thanksgiving we've
been there before but I don't think
we've ever really vlogged it I think
we've been there before we started
vlogging so be cool to get to like show
you guys parking spot oh it's a good one
too you guys oh yeah
knowing you get a good parking spot got
to do the good parking spot dance black
mmm mmm what what mmm what got a good
parking spot yeah I did yeah don't ask
you look what my dingo did to the
outback see you guys remember when we
first moved in he kind of started making
this his little place he literally made
this his little bed it's ridiculous
looking he's got all his toys gathered
around his little bed we call you the
little dingo huh so I'm at Walmart just
grabbing a couple things and look what I
found
hey it's a Gryffindor shirt and there's
a cape is either gonna love me or hate
me I got your present
hey breast pads which I needed and I
told you to get at the store okay but
still I mean it's in which I also told
you to get pack Missy I wrote Missy
then I added I added the hot in is next
to you
this guy I got is next to you oh my god
no no my god what do you mean no I'm not
wearing not to fulfill some weird
fantasy okay I didn't think about that
the shirt it's got the tie it's got the
symbol and it's got a effing cape on the
back
what is it just makes me like her Mandy
Hermione no gosh just stop just stop
while you just stop while your head babe
oh my it's so cool right okay put it on
we get your little cape I'm gonna be
honest right now he look very hot in
that we we should add this to your fall
mommy haul what um is a spell tell me
what you want to do and I probably know
the spell I want to make the couch float
okay that would be Wingardium Leviosa
yard okay do you know how to hold a wand
okay no you will hold it probably about
like that okay there you go that's good
and now what you want to like what's up
you want to be like when Guardian
Leviosa
got it okay yeah it's a swish and flick
sushi look yeah just like that thick
swishing but quick so Missy's gonna do
the swish and flick and Guardian Leviosa
we're gonna see if she can levitate the
camera okay it's gonna be really cool do
you think you can do it oh you just
limey that's a new one you gotta break
it in babe okay I'm gonna set the camera
right here okay set it right there
stand back and something it might
explode okay okay are you ready yeah
okay here stand right in front of it hey
hey hey
networks swish and flick and we're
Guardian love you'll see you can do it I
believe in you I mean Guardian 11 know
stuff oh my god it was Travis moving
okay it's actually moving okay wait
listen don't drop it don't drop it don't
drop don't drop the camera okay you got
it
I got lifted up a little higher okay
little higher make it look a writer that
see if you can make it look right at us
okay
like angle down toward us like angle a
little bit okay there you go oh my god
oh my god dizzy I can't believe you did
that
why why do you wait to be the witch you
don't even like Harry Potter was that
crazy or what thumbs up if you guys
thought that was totally crazy I can't
look this must be like hey let's not
give that to you you can do very
powerful things with this hi boy hi
ollie he just said hi to me you guys I'm
not kidding
I really would hey hey baby wait I
really would those biggle smiles oh my
god I'm dying
kneeling laying next to Daddy you
kicking me he's so like happy and like
energetic and like looking around right
now it's crazy oh my gosh I love this is
like the craziest coolest feeling ever
what's the problem what are you so
afraid of are you afraid of this trash
can right here he's seriously so afraid
of it we just getting ready to take out
the trash please break it out I'm going
to attempt to make some sort of like
cinnamon a policing I called it like
inside of an apple pie but I don't know
what
actually is I'm just gonna do something
cool we're Oliver crying again not going
to be easy to cook with a kind baby
alright baby is finally you resting oh
my gosh he's finally happy and so
basically what I've done is I peeled the
apples and then I've cut them up into
like small somewhat small by the way
it's like really hard to do if you don't
have one of those things that like cores
it and slices it I have to do it with
this knife and this peeler oh my gosh I
didn't know we hardline alright I've
been doing it like the most hardest way
you could possibly think of
alright now that these are all cut up
you're gonna saute them for about six
minutes or until they're nice and soft
now include the best stuff of all brown
sugar and cinnamon and now I can't eat
it hey I think it's all I'm done it
actually looks pretty good it smells
really good I don't know if there's go
as I was hoping and I even made this
little tumbly top little tiny dessert
meal there was no cuing yummy delicious
for my child right now you gotta
Instagram that baby okay Instagram that
I was pretty sweet BAM I have seriously
worn so many shirt different shirts
today I bet if you guys went back and
you could probably count how many
different shirts at work today it's like
a lot and since I did a haul video my
room is a disaster I had no idea that
when you do hauls basically your room
becomes a disaster because you're
throwing clothes off me throwing clothes
around and doing this and doing that I
got hangers on the ground and clothes
everywhere so guys ready to bed look up
look at least sleeps with his hands up I
yours is so cute hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog be sure to give it a big fat
thumbs up even if you don't have a fat
thumb that's okay use your skin thumb
skinny thumbs fat thumbs we don't
discriminate yo thank you to all you
dope people I think like almost 50 of
you retweeted yesterday's vlog I totally
appreciate that all you guys are amazing
beautiful people thank you guys so much
for watching you're supporting is like
the world to us and we love you guys and
we will see you tomorrow purse
I can't believe that one of these days
Oliver back to me like
and like doing the little maze thing I
know but not too soon okay big guy
he really likes all the lights and
sounds and stuff it's actually like
really stimulating for him look at this
big ol look at this big ol monster babe
I'm gonna
