hey guys so before today's vlog starts I
want to tell you with this really cool
reality show I just found on AOL on
originals called flat-out
it features d-link Wisniewski I guess
he's called the Justin Bieber of NASCAR
check it out I'm thinking snorts you're
thinking like a teenager because I'm a
teenager
Dylan is only 18 I guess and he's
already a rock star on his show flat-out
there's actually like a ton of hardcore
racing they even show you like the
NASCAR lifestyle with crazy training and
some pretty funny behind-the-scenes
stuff too you guys can click here to
watch episode 1 and be sure to subscribe
to them too while you're there now on
with the vlog good morning ah ah
is it called
are you doing me a change bed with me
this is our son baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things
good morning guys or should I say
afternoon my body was not filling up
this morning and he was like go back to
sleep
I didn't March sleep that's how my body
talks but I definitely feel a whole lot
better and I scream guys can tell even
like look at my face remember I have a
huge mark on my face it's pretty much
all but gone I can't seem to find Missy
or Ollie anywhere I mean this is his
bassinet and that there's her vlogging
camera um did I see them do I see them
anywhere oh hello didn't want to get up
this morning either apparently you
didn't either look at I'm more dress
than you are score for me hmm hey guys
guess what I'm actually dressed I did it
I finally got up it's I was just really
tired and lookit I'm wearing a shirt I
haven't I have like a million new shirts
and I know you guys are like asking like
where did you get it where's that from
ah and I really want to tell you what
I'm gonna do a haul so that'll hopefully
be up Monday with a video of like all my
new shirts and clothes that I got but
this is one of them I really like it so
comfortable and cozy and I can just do
this like I don't know why I do that
hey little dude he's so happy yeah I
usually just take a shower with him at
night because it's I really just don't
like giving babs every single night so I
just put him in the bath and the shower
with me and he just sits in this and he
loves it as like the waterfall today huh
but he's got this outfit on today which
actually he also has a funky Lincoln
that's not it where's Oliver where is he
where'd he go where'd he go I see a head
but no body before we hung arms where's
Oliver you see him can you see him yeah
step over don't step on him you almost
stepped on because you can't see yeah
dare you hey damn me nothing okay okay
oh my gosh yeah it's like for a really
tall baby subscriber sent this to us and
I think it might be from another country
he's like fishy oh my oh my
she's got all these little tray Hey look
at this one okay I put okay Paulette
that did not hurt watch this
hmm
can you do it me with that tongue huh
he's just getting so big
look at my little Frankenstein don't
cute is he a Frankenstein yeah oh he's
like a pirate frames a pirate oh he's
got a hook in a in a wooden wow you're a
pirate because you download all those
movies and music illegally oh so you're
a pirate
uh-huh okay so my dad's doing something
with Oliver that he used to do with all
of us kids and it's quite funny so he's
doing right now here we go in the hand
to the legs okay
already you smart look at our pumpkins
you guys they still don't have little
candles in them and they're getting all
rotten and Idaho they literally last
forever because it's freezing there and
so like they just get preserved these
are already they're not lasting very
long we may have to redo these this is
baby I'll he's pumpkins oh hey little
booby Oh karma we got you a pumpkin
we're gonna carve it okay I promise
someone said we need to put um Vaseline
on the exposed pumpkin it won't rot as
quickly okay you can do that
I had eyelashes did anyone notice that
Missy's has eyelashes she wants people
to notice the work that she did look at
those eyelashes look at him big big baby
peach pear just wants me to throw this
he's like you can't come outside and not
throw things with me okay so me and
Brian are having an interesting
conversation I asked Brian if I he
didn't have me how would he choose to
pick up a girl would you like go to the
bar and pick her up and this is what his
answer is never had to pick up a girl
they've always just flocked to me it's
true maybe instead of yourself babe yeah
I mean okay some reason all the girls
he's ever dated before me he just wanted
him for some reason yeah I don't know I
don't know why hey you weren't with me
what would you be doing
I've never been good you know that I've
never asked to like a thing when I've
never asked anyone out No
so all the boys flock to you as well
yeah so I'm just beautiful you guys I'm
so excited right now I looked online how
much a free birds of perrito would be
like calories it's like less than 600
calories so I'm like yeah I'm having
that for dinner so we're going to my
favorite place free birds but misty
always this what she wants she does not
like free birds for some reason and I
don't know why cuz it's so amazing
please just can I say I don't like it
doesn't mean it's bad plate I don't like
anything she's actually going to the
five guys before we go in to free birds
that's that's our life you guys you kid
bar guy women that burgers how much
either get it like really greasy it's
not my favorite place but I definitely
don't want that place do you want some
peanuts babe
you can't do they give you peanuts
member look at this greasy goodness
is it good
let me see it it looks boring huh I'm
one you can get that I McDonald's for
like a buck you know why I don't like
very much foods because I don't like
flavoring but I want to buy things that
taste good but I don't like that taste -
laughs you're so funny so she's got her
840 calorie cheeseburger love you when
you're on a diet it is fun on oh I can't
wait to dig into this thing tube of
deliciousness right here this is
seriously still good babe
so how many goes done this is 540 this
big old burrito
it's got steak it's got beans it got
rice cilantro corn that's pretty much it
it's pretty basic burrito
let's all go fry all righty come on we
had a family friend come over and look
at this beautiful blanket she made us it
she actually made this and it looks so
nice and it's big too
you can cover even Brian do I look manly
what I mean it can cover giving Brian I
do is hear her oh my god was that like
two days in a row now
oh my god he's really kind this actually
even smells good
this really made it sweet are open no
there you go you keep it away it's not
that funny
I was talking to see I was like I always
forget looking at you guys okay my last
like two instagrams are misty and I'm
like my Instagram pictures of you all
the time how can you never Instagram
pictures of me it she's like okay I'll
Instagram a picture of you I understand
why this is so humorous
yeah first of all the monkey just go
Gilligan oh I'm going to tag it I'm
gonna say cure Brian
good morning hey buddy
he's like uh why are we hanging out on
the patio of a Freebirds
Louie here the motorcycles oh there goes
you see this transformation of the space
like hey hey Oh cranky face baby we did
it boo wait what did you poop wait take
an ollie to his very first pumpkin patch
he's like already really interested in
what's going it's like what is that he
already got him it's pumpkin so this is
just for looks just for fun we could
have a go octopus stuff to be so much
fun yeah it's like a slide she wants to
do with more than the kids
oh hello farmer Olly oh my gosh you guys
are cute there's goats in there whoa
whoa okay looks like chickens attacking
that little girl oh that's so sad
looks like a disco party in there it's
like a disco petting zoo babe going into
the pumpkin patch with little all leave
please go pumpkin there you go buddy
just sit right there hang out hang out
with mommy
he's cute
you didn't
I can't believe that one of these days
Oliver is actually like learning
and like during the little maze thing I
know but not too soon okay hey guy he
really likes all the lights and sounds
and stuff it's actually like really
stimulating for him
oh look at this big oh look at this big
ol monster babe I'm gonna guess the
weight okay I'm gonna say 30 pounds
that's it
the big guy but it's pretty hollow your
other one was 21 pounds
no it's pretty Hollow Oh that'd make a
baller jack-o'-lantern huh yeah it would
all right let's see how tall all her is
this fall I'll call this fall
he's almost to the - babe we'll have to
do that every year we'll put him on the
little ruler and then one day he's going
to be above the sixth babe one day lead
us you'll be above the six good on a
pumpkin a little track they're writing
like tractors you want to go down that
guy's his animals literally like rocking
his head to the beat he's totally
getting into the music oh there's that
Missy there's a turkey that attacked
that little girl Rudy
I know that little boy needs to be
careful that thing is evil okay guys I
finished Karma's pumpkin karma come look
at your pumpkin check it out
it's our pumpkin family bitch karma so
we got me you got me see baby Ollie and
karma do you like it karma oh the light
is finicky there we go
touch pumpkin man yeah touch it turn out
the light we're gonna better feel there
you go guys
there's our pumpkin family if you don't
know my phones in there yeah we
apparently don't have candles so we use
to misuse phone and blacks light and
those are flashlights these pumpkins are
not gonna last until Halloween you guys
they're like already rotting I can't
believe it the whole this is already
like yeah so sad but that's up again yay
but that's our pumpkin family pretty
sweet you like Karma's leave a comment
below which pumpkin is your favorite is
Karma's Ali's mine or Missy's your
favorite remember mine eyes eyelashes
Missy's has eyelashes she wants people
to know that okay alright Missy your
phone back we literally just put her
phone in there with the flashlight it
worked good look at Carmen's freaking
out beautiful is like come get it lookie
the link it's like it's got a little
pumpkin stuff on it but it should be
fine all right you're freaking Carm out
but what you don't like this is big yeah
I let my sister borrow my sweater it was
like this big deal like she really
really want to borrow it and I not even
boarding it and I was like you're going
to Knott's Scary Farm it's gonna be like
a dirty maze and you're gonna get a
dirty and she's like no I won't I
promise I promise I won't
finally okay fine you can wear it and
she takes it a scary farm and guess what
happens she gets fake blood on it okay
like literally someone like I guess like
spray her with big blood she's pretty
much freaking out but of course it
washed out so it's perfectly fine but
she was totally free on I gave her such
a hard time back I told you I told you
we're gonna do that I told you I'm gonna
get Jay just like I do
do what is going on with this little guy
Oh broke em I hope you guys drive vlog
there's probably like eight of me how
many how many how many Brian's are
behind me right now how many other now
anyway I give the vlog a thumbs up
please it lets me know that you guys
like what we're doing and subscribe to
our channel if you haven't already we
put out daily vlogs alright single die
and we will see you guys tomorrow bye II
keep going dig it in the corner I see a
really good one right there babe that's
too big
gotta be smaller keep going there bugs
in here there are bugs in there what
about that what about that one that that
one
good grab it grab it
