good morning guys it is especially good
morning because I just be level for you
on jelly splash
hey baby boy those nice hi this is our
Sunday
boy he's gonna do amazing things I've
been working on this level for like a
couple days now and I was even watching
videos about it yesterday I could not
figure out how the heck are supposed to
be dis level and I did it well oli is
waking up how you doing this morning no
I'm feeling so good again you woke up
with green boogies in his nose so I
think it was the suctioning thing to get
a mountain he was not happy does not
like that so he's kind of resting it's
mostly like you know the mornings always
the worst and as the day goes on you
start to feel better I think it's what
Brian has Brian's got a little bit of a
head congestion cold kind of thing and I
just got to keep an eye on him make sure
it doesn't get any worse like a fever
and stuff like that good morning guys
look what I found out this morning my
belt it now is on the second wall I used
to be on the very last hole and now I'm
over here progress that's awesome hey
buddy hi boy hi boy hey boy hey boy hey
buddy look at my boys you think that's
funny
shake your hand like a gentleman no no
men don't hug sit shake my hand
there you go true gentleman looking over
cute the sworn in those big ol eyes you
guys ah you shook you and I love you so
much digging this look babe what do you
mean go out like this yeah you look
pretty cool date I would totally take
you on a Delia bacon you look like you
showed to like a ward show like that I'm
gonna get you some clothes on you get
some clothes on let's go good scuse me
door room and now we're in the nursery
what should he wear today what should he
wear oh I love the mr. crabby pants all
the v-neck I don't know how long he's
gonna fit nice let's put him in this I
want to put this on you Kay it's really
soft fill it
is that okay moving to the next level on
the size de fer gettin bigger boy look
at belly button you guys it's awesome
happy your belly button going normal
size
ah no bellybutton yes
yeah that's pretty that's a really big
improvement actually right there look at
these dude so cute Oliver - and his
v-neck they look so cute together this
is my first time having cereal with my
almond milk did you guys know that stuff
has more calcium than regular milk how
do they do that they just slam it with
calcium and it really come from almonds
how does that work that's so weird to me
that it makes this milky color and I'm
adding some nanners because who doesn't
love Manor okay they don't want to go
there like no don't make me go in the
studio don't make me go you have to go
come on down got punched ollie
what are you listening to gorilla by
Bruno Mars that is not appropriate no
you cannot listen to the song bad song
it's a bad song don't listen a song you
guys it's a bad song okay so we carved
pumpkins last night and we saved the
pumpkin seeds and I soaked them all
night in this really salty water and so
now we have to get them ready so I could
roast them so we have pumpkin seeds
preheat the oven to 325 right after it
is dry as you can get it you put a
little olive oil in here and make that
all right now you just coat it in salt
lots of salt this is where the flavor is
and now you let them roast for about 10
minutes yeah I'm so mad this always
happens to me
I put the pumpkin seeds in and I started
making cinnamon or snickerdoodles which
are delicious and so I've got the
shortening and the butter and the sugar
I'm getting ready to mix it all together
all I need is eggs
we have no eggs Brian we won't get me
some egg Brian Brian right Brian
so is he started baking without checking
to see if we have all the ingredients
and I'm sitting here at baby Olli now
she needs me to run to the store I'm
taking care of the baby right now I have
something to do and you have to go get
the eggs she's over there with a whip
right now she's like look at me ain't go
get eggs I die your way to the store
just for eggs I did then watch with all
the bags
I don't know that's just what happens
yeah when you're a fatty haha
why are you is such a jerk zombie I
don't know it just him well it's rude
what oh really that's what you're gonna
do now oh hey that's what you're gonna
do now you're just you're just gonna
copy me
you're gonna copy me stop it stop it
stop it Sambi stop it zombie real mature
real mature get all these delicious
snickerdoodle ball coverage cinnamon
look at them smell it smell it well you
guys smell it he's got this grumpy look
on his face like what are you doing hey
I did a new thing where he's a chimp on
my ticket I don't know if I so much took
over a Missy's cooking job or if she
kind of just pushed it to me but she
just sat on the couch with the kid and
then beeper went off she's like hey go
get those so I guess I'm making so I
made all these um and then this is what
I did with the last ones we closed here
go Dez I made six billow cookies and I'm
not sure how many calories one of these
is so I'm thinking I'm gonna eat a
cookie and then be like a really like
really good dinner
lots of salad Missy Missy we're having
salad for dinner okay
how many cookies you eat in ten you're
eating salad later Oh cause you guys OH
oh yeah all right I took the big monster
cookies out is what they look like I
don't know if they're gonna turn into
normal cookies or if they're actually
even cooked on Louie they actually
already look like they're flattening and
we tried to give them all fluffy and
stuff but that don't really work so
Missy made pumpkin seeds and I actually
just learned today that you don't like
open them you eat the whole thing so
when I first got it I was like breaking
it apart right and then I was like
fighting me and then I was like fighting
the seed and I was like well okay yeah
apparently you just stick the whole
thing in your mouth I didn't know that I
thought that was kind of weird I mean
this is pretty good and also it just
tastes like salt right I just grabbed my
phone and look what Missy downloaded on
it
jelly splash
I need to get to the next episode
Nordica me to do that he has to send me
stuff I don't want it on my phone you
can delete it after done I'm gonna start
playing it though and then I'm gonna be
addicted and then who's gonna take care
of Olli hmm who is that good that good
they get it you clean you do that do
that again oli impression okay you okay
you're good quit whining you're ready to
go look at you guys you've got these
little milk bubbles it's now all wrong
I always know after you fed him cuz he's
like foaming at the mouth with milk oh I
need to go he's ready get ready get
ready get ready to clown or he's so
simple with mommy and ollie oh boy and
his mommy mm-hmm in the big bright green
car so we are a mission to find Ollie a
costume costume impossible we just don't
know what he's gonna be at this point
I'm just like I just need a costume
so we're also headed to the mall because
my grandpa's burial is on Tuesday and
someone is staring at me asking why is
she talking on camera right the 21st
century YouTube yo yeah she's like why
is it great looking on Turkey
hey we are gonna purchase a bear too
put in the casket with my grandpa just
says something nice I wanted to just
give him something do you guys remember
one of our first daily vlogs we went
here the baby shop and it was when Missy
was pregnant and we were like looking at
the cribs right we were like oh look at
this cool mini crib and missus like no
we're not gonna have a mini crib because
that means that he's gonna get mini baby
like we need a regular business trip for
our regular sized baby yeah and now we
have we have a mini crib now all this
place is like so cool at all the beach
look at the big old block yeah I have
costumes oh this is happening you guys
what up
which one you want all the bunny look at
this guy he's styling oh my gosh
all I really wants I met you guys
Ronna revenue has been amazing wonderful
combination shopper event equals lots of
customers I am so these behind I mean
let's rub it against Oliver so you have
lots of love doctor love from Oliver I
want to close your heart close your eyes
and make the specialist are you all
right now Missy's gotta give up a bath
actually blows air that's so funny
I can't wait to you can do this Oliver
we caught us we did we got our dare you
so he'll eat in there you can anything
Oh first build-a-bear so cute hope I
like smile give a huge smile oh my gosh
watching little kids do that was the
most adorable thing ever like I just
can't wait for Oliver to go there and
pick out his teddy bear and like hugs a
little heart and then put it inside the
day baby my baby it's so much fun Missy
really hates it when I do that alright
you guys we listen to you in the
comments everyone thinks karma needs a
pumpkin wow is there like a lot less
pumpkins here than there was yesterday
yesterday this was like fool he's a
little bit bigger than Ollie how about
this look it's got all warts all over oh
it could represent his um umbilical
hernia he's gonna get a pumpkin for
karma keep going dig it in the corner I
see a really good one right there babe
that's too big
gotta be smaller keep going there are
bugs in here there are bugs in there
what about that what about that one wow
that one oh my god
grab it grab it
that's the one I feel it all he's like
wait where's mommy
mommy's in the pumpkins I stuck
my wife ladies and gentlemen of course a
trip to the grocery store is not
complete without her go-go juice oh my
gosh you guys know it's embarrassing
thing just happens not embarrassing is
actually very funny so we're paying for
groceries and we got to the end we
realized we forgot our debit card we've
got the one we're gonna pay with and
Winco is like weird they don't do any
credit cards because I have like I have
like at all these cards and they won't
take any of them transfer money on my
phone from one account to the other one
and it's like taking forever and it's
not working yes Brian's like at the cash
show that the ATM and I'm like staying
there with Oliver and it's just kind of
buried you know if you've ever been like
standing there if you forgot something
in your car it's just a little
embarrassing okay so luckily for win
code though there's two lines and so you
can people can still go you're not like
holding up the entire line because we
were staying there for a good like ten
minutes okay and then all of a sudden we
had tried to process the card but it
didn't work all of a sudden the cashier
walks up to me and she's like it went
through have a good night I was like
that's weird and then as soon as we like
walk out we look at our receipt and the
card number was not our car I like wait
a minute that's not our card number
someone behind us paid for our food
which is so nice like oh my gosh like
that's like the nicest thing ever they
obviously just saw these two young this
young couple with a baby staying there
trying to figure out how to pay for
their groceries kind of embarrassing but
the main time is so nice and we clearly
know someone in this universe something
like we're not to pay for someone's
dinner one of these nights or something
that was a really really sweet gesture
and it just shows like it's all about
karma you know
good things all about my doggie it's
really nice Thank You random citizen yes
if you're watching this thank you you
guys want to know about our glamorous
and like luxurious lifestyle check it
out sorry yeah it's just four days you
got this babe oh you do it I'll take
care of it mine can take it over look at
I'm holding everybody's nut yo you're
screaming you guys want to kiss him hmm
okay so in my last favorite things video
I talked about my ring which if you
don't know is totally fake
so many people were like you wanted to
not turn your finger green then you have
to paint it with clear nail polish so I
had no idea that's pretty cool
suggestion I had no idea
and like everyone told it to me in the
comments and so I did it and it actually
worked my finger is not green thank you
all to gate who gave me that suggestion
it worked well and I painted the inside
of my my ring and now it looks real and
my fingers not green and now I can just
be like yeah it's like a three carat
diamond ring my husband's so amazing and
he's so rich oh yeah hey buddy
he's totally just chillin I'm mama so
you gotta get I'm ready for bed so I
just gonna have to wake him up battery's
dying so we gotta go but I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog give it a thumbs up if
you did the sugar scape YouTube awards
are still going until the end of this
month so you haven't voted you can vote
for us and if you have voted keep voting
for us for best new tuber it's on the
last page links in the description we
love you guys and we'll see you tomorrow
bye wow look at this
just done mine too oh good mrs. pumpkin
lost his head so did all these pumpkin
ah get them gosh babe hey my down and
dirty
almost all I'm not unpacked now he's
gotta empty it yeah boy
I don't get the whole pumpkin seed thing
I don't do it do you guys make pumpkin
seeds when you when you do your
