just like his morning song Lissie what
does the Fox say
take some of those okay this is our son
baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things
who are you making french toast mom that
sounds good I'm hungry good morning guys
good morning
say good morning car wash take a water
get out driver you listening to the Fox
- you kind of look like a fox what do
you say what do you say Papa you go woof
right look at the scrum she little
breakfast sandwich I get to eat it I
think it shrunk Missy
well I'm buttering up my french toast
yeah got like a Canadian style turkey
bacon
they're tricking me oh my gosh it's so
bright out here I'm gonna relax and
throw head back and forth
I totally slack yesterday I should have
done the diapers like yesterday and then
I realized last night oh my gosh I have
like no more diapers left I stuff like
put them in the washer and now they got
a dry superfast we could only have like
a couple diapers left gotta get this
little guy riding today he woke up not
feeling so great I would I don't think
he's sick yet but I'd definitely tell
he's I don't know he has like a little
bit of a runny nose makes you really sad
I don't know if it's anything sometimes
he just kind of gets a little stuffed up
and then it goes away I hope he's not
sick Brian I really hope he doesn't have
Brian's immune system because branded
sick all the time and I'm never sick
like I get sick maybe once a year I
guess if I get like a cold I'm gonna get
him ready for the day you gotta do stuff
I didn't have a fever or anything so
maybe he's okay
it's Friday Friday gotta get down on
Friday he's actually fun it's Thursday
Thursday it's not Friday it's Thursday
it's funny for you guys I guess it's
definitely not Friday for us looking
forward to the week
and we again everyone has that song
stuck in your head now sorry not sorry
headed to the gym if you guys can tell
I'm like kind of plugged up I'm very
tired out of just fiddling very under
the weather the past couple days just
like with us sniffly nose and like
congestion crap things you know on the
commercial as little guys who are like
me and they have like the googly eyes
and they're like invading your body I
feel like I have a bunch of those inside
of me and I have to like spit them out
and stuff but I'm gonna try and work out
get those endorphins moving
apparently there's a parade going on in
this truck is at the front yay
me and Oliver are headed to go pick up
aunty from school actually taking her to
her friend's house Cassie's here what
are you wearing uh yeah if you don't
know that's obviously the shirt I bought
the other day see look at your wear the
Fox
yeah it's my shirt though that's my
shirt this is my sure I can wear my
shirt there was some major bartering
going on and it wasn't easy to get to
wear that shirt wait took a lot of work
addition she has to do like three dish
days for me so ha joke's on her how was
your day at school it was good one the
nuts good it sounds so fun you might
just go this week oh my gosh I don't
know if I could do it and Cassie and
it's gonna be my parents and I'm gonna
be in the middle and they're gonna go
after me so you don't have a buddy we
have a bird targeting Alissa oh my god
it's so scary last year we went to like
a haunted hotel and we were in an
elevator and someone jumped out in the
elevator and we fell to the floor me and
Bryan focus like there's like 10 people
trying us at me and Bryan just fall to
the floor it was really funny so I just
got on my workout and I got out and I
read so many cool tweets from you guys
cuz I I tweeted that I needed a little
pick-me-up before I went to the gym and
then I was on my workout you guys sent
me like a ton of cool tweets and like
cheered me up so thank you so much for
that that's why I love Twitter follow me
on Twitter you guys it's awesome if you
don't have a Twitter you need to make
one got on my workout and I was totally
craving one of those orange carrot
Karma's from John Medusa it's actually
really really good
whatever my sister get
in the car she always like puts on the
craziest music she left you in panic at
the disco you guys remember that that
was like when I will they were like
really popular when I was in high school
and that was one of the first like
concerts me and Brian like really met at
it was pretty crazy cuz it was the first
concert I ever went to and it was kind
of weird their concert was a little bit
weird risque I guess you could say hi
karma how are you I love you okay
goodbye
watching someone beat level forty on
jelly splash because I can't figure out
how to do it that's cheating babe okay
how this guy's going to get five red
ones in five moves oh my gosh you're
really into it I know pumpkin he's not a
pumpkin actually he's a jack-o'-lantern
we'll call him Jack hey guy he's very
happy like this he was not happy in any
other position except for this one
he's very particular baby Gamow what are
you doing can't even go out there just
going
oh I keep forgetting about my shirt you
guys I sprayed it with vinegar and then
I left it house like shirt for the Color
Run
I wonder if I should try and wash it and
see what happened yeah I think I'm just
gonna throw it in the wash because I
prayed it with vinegar probably plenty
of times this is the gross one getting
it all in your mouth you to pee
did you guys see that the easy with his
mouth oh oh oh I'm always afraid I'm
gonna throw it over the fence hey Olli
what does the Fox say you to be cute I
don't I can't do the whole what are the
parts it was that song we are gonna go
pick up pumpkins because we still
haven't carved pumpkins and it's almost
Halloween two weeks I know and I still
have decided what all our skin to be for
Halloween
like we just keep going back and forth
with you skin side what we want they
want to go to a pumpkin patch but did
you know pumpkins at pumpkin patches are
like expensive like really dollars for
one pumpkin yeah it's so stupid but I
kind of want to go there for the
experience you know put Oliver and some
pumpkins take some pictures and then go
to the grocery store and buy one for
like $5 yeah Oliver needs his own little
tiny first off sweets
oh sweet off doughnuts Oh miss you look
at turnovers oh my goodness so much good
stuff smells very cinnamony over here
ooh they're very strong it's like in
your mouth you smell it get a bag pick a
bag out okay it's seriously really
strong I like this one this one's my
friend hello I'm holy crap look at these
pumpkins you guys holy moley
let's get Oliver one like this can you
carve this okay I don't know because I
don't judge pumpkins by their colors Q I
hate the flat one yeah how do you choose
a good pumpkin you guys
by its size watch it you want to get a
really big one like this that's really
big here's what I want to do Missy okay
I want to cut a hole in the bottom and
then put it on top of my head I think
you're gonna need a really big one ah
you're gonna need a really big one there
rude dick in a few minutes okay so this
guy weighs 21 pounds another really big
line I know babe this is my pumpkin this
poor Apple tried making a run for it you
guys I'll save it there we go he wants
you to eat him I'm really upset right
now
I've lost my privileges this de Parque
yeah babies arise who can only be
pregnant so I lost those privileges so I
basically the only thing now is that we
just need to get pregnant yeah I need to
knock you up that way so that I can have
the front row at Babies R Us oh I guess
we totally dropped the ball
can't find any huh there's no sizes for
the monkey no sizes for the donkey no
size for the giraffe or know his sizes
for this cute little dinosaur little
deser the thing on his head I'm sorry
buddy we messed up look he's really
upset they found a really funny perfect
way to piss off Missy you should go like
this oh I lost our baby now we're gonna
try a Halloween City to see if we can
find an outfit look at this is my new
friend you guys want to give him a hug
do you think I should give him a hug
thumbs up if you want me to give him a
hug oh I can high-five
I need a standard size 2 pewter cauldron
for when I go to Hogwarts for 25% off
it's spooky you guys oh yeah this is
what if you guys didn't know in America
when you're a girl and it's Halloween
you dress as as you can like
boobies hanging out and then you put on
animal ears so you can either be a mouse
or a pig or a cat a Mean Girls reference
yes it was no shame ah you know you just
need to wear like a bikini and your guts
see bad kitty
hey that kind of looks like ariana
grande done that yeah it's grande grande
yes
she's like a medium drink at Starbucks
okay these guys are creepy okay so they
don't have his size either we really
like we really messed up I feel so bad
this is his first Halloween and we don't
even have a costume for him oh he's not
gonna be a cuddly wabbit no thank you
okay stop it take it off look at all
these cool masks they have they're
really quite okay hello that one's real
lock your children up that's actually
pretty good thanks Obama
cuz monkeys always win right gonna get
you oh excuse are you sick yeah getting
sick actually better he slept through
our entire trip we went to the grocery
store and the Babies R Us and Halloweens
are here I remember anything nope so
tonight I attempted making chocolate
pudding out of almond milk and I don't
know if it's working I found like this
sugar-free fat-free pudding and I was
like oh I'll even use almond milk to
make it even better for you and it's
still liquid don't know if maybe I did
it wrong I maybe you can't do pudding
with almond milk I don't know mrs.
designing her pumpkin what are you gonna
do babe can we go baby all right pumpkin
we got something really cool special
plan for that little guy did you know
what you're gonna do I'm just gonna go
for it she's just going for it you guys
baby Holly's in the background
joining us time to open your pumpkin I
think I got it all let's see you without
fail Wow look at this
you should've just done mine too oh good
good
mrs. bumpkin lost its head so did all
these pumpkin huh get them gosh babe hey
man gallon dirty almost all I'm not
untouched now he's got empty it yeah boy
pumpkin seeds I don't get the whole
pumpkin seed thing I don't do it you
guys make pumpkin seeds when you need to
do your pumpkins well yeah it's like 50
calories it's really nummy yeah
okay it's really knowing you guys okay
that's good I'm telling nah man nothing
no take them out you just dump it out
she just go crazy okay okay there we go
that good pump kick like a noodle Oh
people don't eat it got stuck in my
mouth I don't do this part I just Missy
really likes it so I just let her do it
I love this part it's like the best I
hate the carving part that's my that's
where I come in I love the carving part
row this is what happened to my carving
knife but look I'm getting there huh
sorry and then there was a face check it
out you guys I don't I don't even think
we have any candles to really show this
off but this is my jack-o'-lantern got a
pumpkin guts and Missy is working oh
don't show it are you sure okay
doing babe I think there's something on
your head some clothes why it's good
it's really good for your hair oh my god
finish mine look she has eyelashes and
Bucky
she's like a pretty redneck yeah Brian's
working on a super secret extra cool
baby one baby Ollie's pump baby always
pumpkin look at all these seeds you're
gonna bake all these babe yep you're
having way too much fun see ya is this
your favorite part about the pumpkin oh
no I remember used to love getting your
hands in this alright dude I like
getting it out but then like pickiness
II know Oh time-consuming yeah all right
guys here's baby Ollie and here's baby
Ollie's pumpkin look again it is got a
little padding a little dimple huh
he's like yeah that's cute dad but you
can't even tell which one's the real
ollie huh is this one or this one that's
not this one like your twin it's like
your pumpkin twin buddy I got all the
pumpkin seeds out and cleaned off and
now I'm just going to soak them
overnight in some salty water and they
like get all salty and delicious and
then I'll roast them to baby always
hanging out with his homies you like
your bears buddy
here's something really cool someone
told us in the comments that they
googled for daily vloggers and they
found us so I put in daily vloggers and
look who it's the fifth one you guys
that's us beauty bumps that's so crazy
also the guy who commented was a guy and
he's like another mail subscriber which
is awesome so I know you guys are
leaving comments like crazy on this
video have you not left a comment yet
leave a comment below but definitely
today
I want all you male subscribers to come
out of the Woodworks let me know who you
are because I've seen art we have a
little pie chart of like the women
versus the guys and the guys little
pizza slice has been growing and growing
so I know you guys are out there don't
be afraid leave a comment and let me
know who you are so I can see it but
that's it for today's vlog I hope you
guys liked it click thumbs up if you did
this guy's still what what am I not
vlogging you enough thank you guys for
watching subscribe if you haven't
already we put out videos every single
day or a single day
alright guys we will see y'all tomorrow
I just said y'all you know and she said
y'all wants on Twitter is really funny
okay I said Nessa another gangster
Twitter makes you like talk in different
languages just hurry back then just just
for her
alright we gotta go boost Ollie you like
Scarface baby right now Theseus its from
Missy sweater yeah I looked at it and I
left I literally did that was like I was
like what's wrong with his face oh my
gosh nice tiger stripes boy that's what
happens you got
