baby Ali's getting his tan on huh hi
buddy every morning Missy and I get
ready we come into the bathroom and we
bring Oliver in here to get his daily
tan that's why you have such good color
huh
thank you pretty much a rock star baby
all day oh you have to get really cured
in a second huh and frisbees huh morning
there's our Sun baby boy it's gonna do
amazing things and I'm kidding you guys
I've seen Missy's hair change like four
times this morning first it was like all
down and then she had a bun and now
she's rockin pigtails these pigtails
these are brains but aren't they pig are
they pigtail braids I guess you could
call that I mean let's get technical if
we're gonna be technical let's get
technical Missy okay karma yeah come on
he's like wait we've locked you in here
I want to come and see you hi you want
to come and see Heidi everybody we do
the park yeah let's go to the park Ark
let's go get away you need to get a
haircut you look like a hippie go dirty
hippie go get a haircut you if you're
living under my roof your hair cannot be
this long go smoke some more doobies
hippie I mean with a name like karma
he's for sure a hippie so last night
when our friends were over and their
youngest daughter Leah lost her shoe so
I put karma on the job karma
it's a pink shoe you have to find it kay
it's a pink little shoe go get go find
it they spent like 30 minutes out here
like searching our entire yard
it was also pitch dark so hard to see
and they never found it so I don't know
maybe karma will find it hopefully isn't
chew it up if he does and look at all
these paintings we have Wow
- shoo - shoo the day has come you guys
this is the last of Missy's pumpkin
bread that she baked literally two days
ago two loaves gone I only have one
piece so I'm going to take this is that
fair I'm gonna wrap it up in my little
foil all right this morning we are gonna
put oliver in a alien cloth diaper and
stop texting and change me onesie okay
so that way for texting and you need to
be changed you can just look at us and
we'll just read your shirt and say stop
texting and change me and won't be like
oh okay that's good that you
communicated that well go ahead and do
that for you look at this I have all my
wife set out when I was hanging out with
Austin I was telling are we were we were
talking about how we both before we
start changing the diaper we bring out
like a ton of wipes we had the diaper
ready to go on and stuff and ry oh you
think that's funny yeah and our wives
they literally take off the diaper then
they go and pick out which diaper and
then they pick out the whites and we're
like what that is way too much time I do
not want that much time passing with the
possibility of poop getting everywhere
essentially huh he's like I'm gonna get
it all over you anyway friend what's in
your back pocket um I see maybe I should
get one of those wow we are getting set
up again to do all the shirts today
hopefully what I'm sent out really soon
on dude so he's our little helper again
and he keeps us at work but more really
distracted more more distracted than
work
more distracted distracted dinner did it
every time we do this we get better and
better at it like um I am reading off
what we ordered here printing off
invoices here and then we have the
printer over there by Missy I
she I call out the order she grabs it
stuffs it in there with the invoice
essentially I'm doing nothing but I feel
really bad but I'm like well I am
watching off does that count
she's doing all the labor I'm doing all
the mental I'm doing all the mental part
yeah I make her do all the labor all the
time this little guys not happy when
you're happy let's spin around some does
that help when we spin around does that
help you with your unhappiness to help
you with your unhappiness but yeah the
shirts are dwindling away you guys
almost all the youths are gone boo break
karma is so mad at me right now I walked
him out of the room karma I'm sorry
sometimes you can't be over here he's
like super hyper right now and he wants
to play on on the shirt so I had to lock
him out of here and now he's looking me
like what the heck mom let me in let me
in our water play so this is the first
shipment of shirts you guys they're
crazy and we're gonna send them off well
we're gonna take another post office and
see what they say I'm really afraid
they're gonna be like yeah we can't do
numbers that big you know I don't know I
don't know really how this works so this
sort of a test run so if we take it
there and they say no you have to
process all these online or I don't know
so we'll see what they say is best but
hopefully they'll just take them and
send them all to you guys cuz I want to
see pictures so bad I was telling me I
was like we don't have the stickers yet
to send the 50 will probably do those um
probably by tomorrow but I was like but
we have to get some shirts out there
because I need people start side of you
pictures so I just like itching for them
to send me pictures me and my mom are
headed out can I do a little girls day
before with mom's view because I'm
actually gonna get my hair done by our
friend like friend hair stylist lady if
you wanted to like straighten it make it
look kind of actually cute I know it's
the day before but I think it'll be good
and I just like touch it up the next day
tomorrow is actually coming did I tell
you is that because she's gonna help
take care of Oliver while I'm actually
busy and Brian's gonna be helping me too
and so she's gonna there to just kind of
help take out take care of Oliver plus
she loves Katie left so so yeah it's
pretty much a win-win situation for all
of us I'm like super girls yeah I know
I know we love all the Carly and sharzad
and all themselves and of a little
girl's day to get really prepared
sweet-looking so we're looking cute
tomorrow all right you guys we just sent
out a ton of shirts that could not have
gone any smoother I don't think the lady
was so nice and I was really surprising
because usually anyone I've ever done
without the post office has just been
not that my you know they work for the
government not so nice but she was so
nice we got him all sent out so um she
said they should all be there by Friday
- so by Friday people are gonna start
receiving their shirts of course it's
not she keeps interrupting me so when
you get your shirt on Friday if you do
please tweet me a picture because I want
to see him I'm gonna be retweeting I'm
gonna be sharing them I'm gonna be so
excited I just wanted to see people
wearing em so bad all right so here it
is I this is like really like curled up
but obviously I once tomorrow comes
it'll hopefully relax and be more of
like a wave so I really like it and he
looks super cute we're looking for
and just stuff just shopping like girls
that girls do I don't know if this he
showed you this but check it out
chalk everywhere from last night when we
did a poker night karma karma wants to
play though it's so nice out here
homeboy what are you looking at what's
up there what is it some up there go get
it go get it go get it boy there's
something up there there's something up
there go get it go get it Wow
yeah buddy yeah buddy let me see him let
me see him let me see him let me see
them oh ah
you broke it no he's upstairs like my
toe a broken it okay okay oh alright you
ready
nice you got one end go get it Boop
I'm just looking for another nursing bra
because I seem to be a nursing bra
connoisseur um but me and Oliver were
just in the bathroom and I was changing
his diaper and I picked him up and I was
like trying to do stuff and all of a
sudden he has his passing his mouth he
just drops it and I swear it like
happened in slow-mo and I was like no
here I'll demonstrate what it was like
Bryan slow-mo this
seriously it was like it was still
dramatic the way it happened because now
I don't have any pinkies and he's
fussing and so this should be a fun rest
of our shopping suite well this will
just add to our shopping experience
really ha ha woman he said very might be
key I need my pinkie now
well it's down there and UK anyways on
the bathroom floor so there's no just
rinsing that off okay this is not fun I
just keep telling him that's the
decision you made you chose to drop it
on the ground there's nothing I can do
about it now
sorry BZ he's not happy I was I'm I just
need to go by but no I can't just buy
one cousin you to sterilize it sucks
look much maxi wipers home and this
little guy hey guy he seems very unsure
of himself right now Paul I'm gonna be
so sad him on the way home and I
couldn't just sit there for 30 minutes
if he is but I just had to give him a
little snack and oh I've never been
given a snack usually a perilous what I
was not done lady karma when a noodle oh
he really wanted a noodle join another
noodle oh you really wanted another
noodle look at this adult dinner I just
made and by adult I mean I cooked it
myself
urban butter rice and chicken cordon
bleu should I tell the story about
slicking again should I should I look at
that look at that smell it smell it
smell it mmm all the way up here he's
done he's so see schools see you have to
get him over there you have to get him
over there sorry
hey-oh high-five that's like 10 points
at least yeah this is happening now
what up sorry if you were hungry and now
you are more hungry look at that look at
that look at it look at it look at it
look at it look at it smell and I'm
drinking milk with ice in it Missy hates
when I do that she thinks it's so gross
naughty naughty yogurt or ice in your
milk you're not controlling babe you're
just very particular but really I don't
care what you do okay
so if you don't know I'm gonna be on the
moms view technically today for you guys
so if you're watching this on Thursday
September 26 then go head over to the
moms view because it's live at 2 o'clock
Pacific Standard Time and I'm getting
really really excited I'm gonna try and
go to bed early I asked my hairdresser
like what do you suggest about like
going to bed at night she's like yeah I
don't suggest it like oh okay
she's like yeah I mean you're gonna be
nervous anyways just don't sleep I was
like okay but I don't know I'm I'm just
hoping that they say in my hair is
really good with curls so I kind of
think it will stay and I'll just do like
some touch-ups for leave and then when I
get there I can kind of fix it up too
but and I gotta get I gotta do like the
finishing touches like do my nails and
you know girl stuff
so hey am the makeup artist is gonna be
here yeah Brian's been offered to do my
makeup so I'm really excited about that
- grab it scrub it scrub it I'm next
what you do me sure wait what is that
smell
what is that it smells like old lady
perfume Oliver a shoe being high bodies
um but I'm gonna head and say good night
I wanted and early so I could edit this
cuz we gotta get up early in the morning
and I you know me I'm not good with
early mornings so wish me luck and yeah
tomorrow's gonna be a crazy day which
everyone miss wish Missy luck in the
comments right now she needs it she's
nervous so nervous you guys you're gonna
do amazing she's she's gonna do amazing
I'm gonna try and do good no amazing you
don't sell for anything less than
amazing
tomorrow's actually a big day - because
it's Missy's one-year youtube
anniversary hey I started YouTube one
year ago not crazy that's so crazy so so
I think we're gonna try and do like a
special video while behind the scenes at
the moms of you hope you guys all had a
great day I hope you enjoyed the vlog
thumbs up if you did thumbs up if you
didn't also if you didn't enjoy the vlog
thumbs up anyway I want to remind you
that you guys can still vote for us in
the sugar scape Awards link is in the
description gonna go hang out with mommy
tart and all the other ladies of the
moms Bo
maybe Shay will be there maybe we'll get
a burrito together maybe I know maybe
we'll do that thing where we both run
toward each other and then jump and then
like touch bellies midair oh my phone
just went off maybe that's him maybe
just texted me anyway I hope you guys
had a good day we'll see you tomorrow
bye I'm doing why I'm on the floor why
are you on the floor I'm busy
you're never gonna get to see you my
yogurt breath yeah um I'm going to have
Brian step on my back what hey ready oh
my god really jump on it no not like
that he's good at geography someone's
talking you don't like it when I do this
I will do this since last year it's been
almost a year since I've done this you
ready yep
