this morning something super duper
exciting happen you want to tell them
Missy okay
oh wait wait what's the date today
Wednesday the 21st of August okay and
what what what email did you get this
morning I got an email from somebody
from maker studios which is a big deal
in YouTube and they want me to be on the
moms view the moms view is I'd say tour
what
yeah I'm pretty much ready I'm so
excited is it really so cool mommy tards
gonna be there
yeah and Carly and all the girls there's
just all so sweet yeah a lot of our
viewers um suggested it and and like
tweeted them and stuff so thank you guys
because that was really sweet that
people just thought about thought of me
and we're gonna be in LA next month I
maker studios shooting Michelle be on
the moms view it's like crazy so nervous
is that you guys know me I'm just more
like the casual girl like I don't really
I don't dress up very often so I'm gonna
like get to do my hair my makeup would
be all pretty and so excited he's like
oh
Sunday boy he's gonna do amazing things
good morning guys so I went to grab my
toothbrush toothbrush this morning and
there's like all this Brown crap in it
and I was like all right miss ease up to
something
what is this brown crap I'm praying is
actually for me able to is origel yeah
what okay so you did that yesterday then
right but it didn't work no it works
because my mouth was freakin numb and
but she's a even said like what's wrong
like toothpaste and she was like playing
along so well so I wasn't going to give
her the satisfaction capably
and so I thought you just asked me it
would you do to my toothpaste like
nothing I needed to do over and then I
did it did it work
well you fail cuz I saw it now this is
happening every time every time I don't
care every single time I brush my teeth
now I will be pushing out the top of the
toothpaste it's a pink color so you
can't put it in that right no totally
see it well I should we should do it
anyway because if someone's gonna kill
us it's gonna be through our toothpaste
PS check it out you guys rocking my
deadly bomb swag would I really like
this shirt this v-neck is so calm I
think it's like my favorite v-neck now
too and it says yay just kidding it says
hey weights backwards when I like I
think it's I think it's right for you
guys right okay when you guys get your
shirt make sure you take a picture make
sure you tweet it to me okay cuz with a
hashtag daily bumps swag because I want
to see it and I'm gonna be posting them
everywhere so I'm really excited about
that maybe Oliver boy are you doing kid
how you doing good aw kid I like it when
I call them kid babe say what's up kid
you're so cute it's ridiculous you know
that so if you guys didn't see from the
beginning of the video I'm gonna be on
the phone
Oh most you guys did kind of guess it
and you guys are calling it all month
but I couldn't tell you guys until today
so I'm really sorry and I shouldn't have
teased you so early on in the in the
month but I really just was so excited
and I was like I just like let it slip
and then Brian just like put it in there
and then you guys were like what's going
on for like an entire month so I'm so
excited like I'm seriously so excited so
I'm gonna be on on Thursday so I'll be
tomorrow for you guys so you guys will
have to watch and I'm just can't believe
like thank you guys I think that it was
mainly because of you guys like
contacting them and and letting them
know that you wanted to see me on there
um and that's why I think they chose me
because I'm like how did you guys why oh
my gosh and I think that they just felt
like a lot of viewers wanted to see me
on the show which is crazy so I'm gonna
be on the moms you and I'm so excited
like I'm so nervous I have my cute
little outfit which I should have a
video out on my outfit of the day today
actually yeah I can't believe it I'm
actually gonna go meet um Colette and
chars at or sharzad um Carly oh my gosh
it's gonna be crazy day look at this
little boy hey this is what I do he lays
on daddy ball daddy tries to work and I
go could you be the guy Effie is he
ticklish dick like ticka ticka ticka
ticka ticka ticka ticka ticka ticka
ticka ticka ticka he'll like like movies
for like oh really I don't think he
knows how to like giggle yet oh he's
like take it to get to get to get it
exactly how do you took all the baby you
guys do the Ellen are ticklish they
tickle on your chin
did you get it do you think they can
take it drink it to you on your armpit
digga digga digga digga digga digga
digga digga ticket what yogurt should I
have this morning Missy mmm pick one for
me this he hates the yogurt no pick one
for me hey I'm really hungry
Annie but it's really not me piggie
yogurt for me what kind do you think
that wash
you wanna use have to eat outside oh hi
I bet you're wondering why I'm on the
floor why are you on the floor I'm busy
you're never gonna get kissing you my
yogurt breath yeah get away from me um
I'm going to have Bryan step on line
back are you ready Hey look at me jump
on it no not like that he's gonna see
some exciting you don't like it when I
do this everybody will do this since
last year been almost a year since I've
done this you ready yep yeah did that do
anything oh yeah check in okay I feel it
it pops under my foot it's so weird
better okay you just stay down there
okay
boom boom boom so good but don't don't
try it at home guys do you see his hot
girl in my blog right now look at this
hot girl in my blog I'm still really
upset that I didn't get Bryan
it really was excited about it I've been
like cringing about it about pranking me
yeah I might get me baby you got me no I
really wanted to prank him I was like so
I was like a Maggie and I kept like
bursting the laughter like randomly
throughout the day cuz I would like
think of how hilarious it'll be when
he's like what happened when it moved
it's known nothing I got nothing I just
had to find something even better just
got an invisible shield on my phone I
was really sick of rocking the case so
yeah check how slick this thing is you
guys they didn't I used to I got one
when they first came out and they were
so like smudgy and like they discolored
and stuff these new ones are nice it's
not right here no it doesn't go on the
sides it's just on the front in the back
cuz I'm not I'm not a drop person I
don't think I've ever really dropped my
phone but I really want it protected if
I set it down on like a surface because
it might have like scratches or stuff on
it this is just going to protect from
scratches really it's not actually it's
been known to protect against Falls too
but it's not gonna protect the sides no
I just love showing my iPhone up I hate
hiding it it's just it's so pretty like
I love the back as parents we're getting
really creative with where we change our
son huh so
right on messy lots of room his diaper
even matches her how cute is he doing it
clean diaper get it viva la scary so we
are at the fish store right now because
I'm super excited but on Saturday we are
going to a mud run I've always wanted to
do a mud run well we are going but I'm
doing the mud run and so I'm going to
try and find something like a costume
super cute but yeah I kinda I'm gonna do
is like a nerd like a cute nerd or
something I don't know because you're
supposed to dress up it's must be like a
crazy fun thing though or if we don't do
a nerd what do you guys think she should
dress up as well it's gonna be getting
really muddy she needs to be comfortable
or she's got to look funny leave in the
comments below
yeah I want to do something that I can
like run in the mud with I don't want to
like go singing like a cute - - but it's
- - we just get annoying and like have
metal over children would be so cool so
cool
alright Oliver do the scary face he's
like I'll have to be scary I just have
to poop in my diaper that's scary enough
okay baby look at Missy like coconut it
sure is that pretty short short this is
relaxed on the butt just relax guys just
relax
sure this is something that I've always
wanted to do was like do a mud run I
don't know something about running in
mud and getting like super dirty just
hums
really fun this is a 5k race well I
don't know it's actually in the thymus
but it's a 5k which is actually three
miles it's really weird that they do it
in kilometres why do they do kilometers
I don't because everyone else in the
world has got it together except for us
okay
sweet help I'm miles I came means
nothing to me somebody's like obstacles
you'd be like go through tunnels and
there's like it's like muddy water too
and you like get like like do like
what's up body crawl yeah you like crawl
through things and like it's gonna be
crazy and guess what guys you guys are
coming with me cuz I'm bringing the
GoPro so yeah buddy it's guys so the
camera will actually I can carry it with
me and you guys will be in the mud with
me too so that's gonna be really really
exciting I'm just excited for the
experience because I have always wanted
to do a mud run and I've been pregnant
every time I see I'm like I want to do
this so bad so I just felt like a couple
hours trying to set up both of our
YouTube channels on to Google+ pages and
so if you don't know YouTube is run or
is pushing out like all these branding
features for channels and stuff but you
have to connect to a Google+ page and I
haven't been wanting to do that and so
now I'm finally like okay maybe we'll do
it so I figured it out if you guys are
on Google+ and you want to follow our
Google+ page I'll put the links below in
the description what are you doing in
there babe your mommy's gonna be on the
moms you Oliver in that awesome ki desi
with his left amazing gig oh hey he's
talking to you guys what do you think
he's saying leave it below in the
comments
daddy
ooh very diverse Berg korma drop it
squirrel did I get misty over there
she's recording a video sorry I mess you
up you're doing great babe I just
haven't go watched it go out to Missy's
new video because she looks
chassé she talks about her office she
was going things my friends are coming
over we're gonna play a little poker
outside and so I'm just cleaning up the
backyard and karma
he is so ridiculous with his toys he
scatters him everywhere it's the
funniest thing but he totally tore up
his little duckie getting Q so that's
not cool and look at all these toys
she's got them everywhere I look there's
more back there oh there's another one
you just got way too many toys you have
too many toys so tonight we I guess are
hosting a poker night I love me some
Texas Hold'em you guys hey fun night fun
night plan look at the Sun going down
Sun going down in Southern California
you guys blind it yet he blinded can you
see can you see okay should I show you
stop recording kids are anywhere ham on
the char car what is that supposed to be
that an octopus looks like an octopus
come and what's that hey that kind of
looks like a heart good job I erased it
oh you didn't he raised it really good
tissue you pretty much just bathed
that's it and look at you you got pink
and ha ha Ricky Martin Missy's raisin
what are you doing crazy girl you folded
what do you got only bet if they have
something you can't just start taking
money babe or you fold so we're outside
playing games and I am burnin cookies
apparently because I always forget about
the cookies I also forgot to set the
timer but I think I'll be fine they're
good for me I like my cookies overcoat
he's like some undercooked I'm a weird
one though yeah look at her she keeps
going through the diadem yeah
what are you raising John no couple of
animals like it just keeps going hey my
veggies NAB you change imagine size
every chance we got to clean this one
gotta clean this one I got cards on the
table poopy in the diaper
cards on the table pooping in the diaper
whoo this is a bad one buddy
Oh bless you I must say that was pretty
good timing look I got him in his pj's
and a fresh new diaper huh it's not fair
that you get to hang out with mommy tard
only hang out with Shay well yeah I
should ask her what how I can get him to
like go to lunch with me
I'll totally biased burrito every words
I don't like that place yeah so we're
pretty singing excited about it almost
what a lot of the comments were either
that I'm pregnant or that I'm gonna be
on the moms view and so people that said
mom's view win all right guys I hope you
had a good day I hope you enjoyed the
vlog give it a thumbs up if you did and
now I'm going to go to bed but not
really because I never got a bed after I
in the vlog cuz I have to edit the vlog
you see right do for you guys do you see
what I do for you guys I gotta go I'm
obviously getting really tired um but
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye college
guys little Papa he had a little trouble
but you think you did okay so we are
packing this up now I'm going to Ashley
Ashley in California you know who you
are actually get excited this is coming
to you here like I'll rub it all over me
so let me go be like you can hug it and
it'll be like you're hugging me I'm
going to get sweat on so we are filling
orders and Olly is in charge he's
