is this saying anything to you is it
like hello I was ripped from my home
healthy please don't eat me baby boy
fine
he's our son bowling
you have rolled
do amazing things
good morning Oliver good morning buddy
good morning he does like him Wayne good
morning he had so much fun with little
Audrey bear and Britney in Austin and
yesterday's vlog if you guys haven't
seen it they pretty much adopted him and
then we were like well we kind of got to
take him home I'll sing the song my dad
this isn't me it's time to get out there
to school get it don't wanna be food
don't wanna be able get up and go to
school holding your head up like a big
boy huh yeah oh good he's holding his
head up you guys this is like our whole
morning we just stare at him and are
like amazed by him wow he's me walking
in no time so we pretty much just
skipped breakfast altogether we stayed
in bed all day and now I am trying to
get going with my day so I don't
completely waste it but I'm absolutely
so starving now because I didn't get
breakfast that I had to just make
something really quick so peanut butter
and jelly it is the glass of milk I
don't know what it is about today but I
was just itching to watch some football
and as you know we don't have TV so I
actually found it on my computer and I'm
streaming it through my Apple TV so I
can watch it I'm watching the Green Bay
game and I pretty much just watched it
get taken away from them so this is kind
of interesting huh buddy well Ollie and
his daddy are watching football together
I really need some wings right there
and a beer right there some feeling
today I don't know what it is about
Sundays I just want to like chillax with
my little man Packers are probably going
to lose huh
I lose look at my glorious collection of
yogurt some of them have this weird pink
lid Oh save live to say I think this is
for Breast Cancer Awareness Month
October is Breast Cancer Awareness huh
yeah but I like I totally went on a
yogurt cake I got pina colada
apricot mango orange cream my favorite
which is blueberry I think I'm gonna try
pina colada and getting caught in the
rain if you're not in yoga if you have
half a brain sister and her friend are
watching your video why are you guys
watching this
it looks so stupid that's the point so
bad yeah that's me auntie mom didn't
auntie time right now look at this
adorable outfit he's wearing this is a
Sunday's baby Ali's outfit of the day
he's wearing a skill a monkey hat with
ears and his onesies on Daddy's big guy
and these adorable socks that have
little like doggies on them Oh rattle
that one has a head and on his loose
like the hot brick and it like rattles
so if you like mooses Fiat rattles Oh
any else has on Montana's but you're a
monkey on your butt the monkey hat did
not make it to the car did it buddy all
right I'll take it you're headed to the
store cause guess what guys it is the
first day of fall I'm going to make
pumpkin bread I'm so excited that we
were do this so much and so I'm going to
go buy a pumpkin and all the ingredients
and we're gonna make pumpkin bread it's
gonna be delicious and everyone's going
to eat it eat it
oh maybe we right pumpkin bed oh maybe
like a couple thing can you put raisins
in it what about like like little nuts
like almonds slivers no what about baby
okay have I making your own loaf and you
know whatever you want it really yeah I
don't really like that stuff it's slim
pickings here parking at window I'm a
burger that's okay Missy hates it when I
park far away huh
she's like I'm walking it's like a game
you have to find the best parking spot
you don't then you fail did I fail you
good actually
that's about what with what you were
given this was good
I don't know how do you pick up good
pumpkin baby
does it work I think it works is it
saying anything to you is it like hello
I was ripped from my home healthy please
don't eat me no I don't enjoy it the
biggest of the small this is actually
making pumpkin bread out of real pumpkin
that's just weird to me with you know
they put they do this for you and they
put it in a little can I don't want that
that has preservatives in it look it's a
little pumpkin for Oliver okay yeah okay
now you're a fall baby look at you ready
for fall this is the best candy ever
look at this selection you guys Snickers
ballin Twix amazeballs
M&Ms nom classic look at they even got
some salted nut rolls this is where you
get your Halloween candy right here
actually I should just come
trick-or-treating right here whoo this
is interesting
caramel apple treat Missy it's got a
half a cup of fruit in it look that I
got you guys do it we made the deal we
had to do it really I had to like give
him the money
and stuff but we got our ha just kidding
YUM
we are gonna sit in bed and watch movies
and eat our brownies nobody was really
paying them since yesterday we got about
free birds we were so good okay the
first wife I think they were not that
good I don't know maybe I just wasn't
craving chocolate but I am just in a
bacon sweet kind of mood it's just it's
fall okay get over it it's all time
where you eat like a ton of food I was
typing in the search box I would go to
search on like pumpkin bread recipe and
the next words healthy I'm like no he's
got done watching World War Z which was
intense look good little Oliver he just
woke up a mini ow hi guy good morning
good morning
always with the good morning good
morning you're so cool mom you're too
curious yes you were maybe watch World
War Z and I'm totally not good with
zombies like every time we used to watch
The Walking Dead and I had to stop
because every single time I'd watch it
I'd have nightmares all night though I
don't know what it is about zombies but
they like it get me uh he would like
wake up from like nightmares every night
like I'd wake up screaming
it was just like there's something about
zombies to terrify me yeah kind of been
a lazy Sunday huh Holly was 10 go make
pumpkin bread in order to make honky
brother I have to turn this pumpkin into
pumpkin puree first is we are making it
from scratch it could about like a can
of pumpkin but I wanted to do it from
scratch so normally I usually do it on
the oven or I'm sorry on the stove and
like boil it and let it steam and like
gets it all soft and stuff but I'm gonna
- I'm gonna do something new and bake it
and try and get all soft so first I have
to cut this up finally I got my football
and I'm a bar and this actually is he's
brownie don't I'm streaming this again
this time it's from like UK source so
it's so funny if these two UK guys are
like comment doing commentary in between
the commercial breaks and it's I don't
know it's pretty funny come in
shouldnÂ´t Missy's making pumpkin bread
downstairs and I'm really really excited
for that all right
I've cut the top off and the bottom off
and let me tell you my hand root so that
these knives are not sharp and they are
really hard to cut homeboy so I just got
a really good workout and I'm pretty
sure I'm going to be sore after that I
think I think it was Heidi Kim's husband
when he day what came over told me that
one of like the most reasons why
accidents happen in the kitchen are from
dull knives so I really should get new
knives or sharpened blades
oh but I totally forgot to tell you guys
I've been tweeting about this our vlog
channel the daily bumps has been
nominated for Best new youtuber of 2013
I was tweeting he would call what yeah
we're nominate someone nominated us or
enough people nominate us to get us on
the list and we actually are so you guys
can go in the description if you want to
vote and the link is going to take you
to like a series of pages and you have
to vote for each section so you click
the user and then you click
next and we're on the very last page I
think there's like 10 pages so you can
vote for the previous nine if you want
or just leave them how it is but get to
the last page click daily bumps and
click vote and submit your vote
we're on there with some huge youtubers
like all I know Ollie white TV is on
their combos with my two-year-olds on
there like it would be insane if we won
this I'm totally not expecting this
but I know that the bumper nation is
crazy and you guys can make anything
happen and you guys have like totally
been there for us before and you've made
things happen so I'm just I'm gonna
leave it up to you guys if you want to
vote you can vote and I think voting is
unlimited I'm not sure if there's like a
real limit but it lets you go in and
just keep voting and voting and voting
and so that would mean oh my god that'd
be so pretty see if we won like I don't
know I don't even know what I would say
really cool it's really really cool so
and you guys have been so good to us so
if you want to go vote click the link in
the description and go check it out I
would love for you to vote for us please
please please please
okay so I just scraped all the guts out
of the pumpkin and now it's going in and
we gotta wait 45 minutes I gotta find
something to do I'm definitely thinking
I need to get karma a little apron cuz
he loves to sit in the kitchen while I
cook huh
he's just sitting at my feet and now
well I got foil out so now he's all
excited oh you wouldn't play with the
poyo okay so while the pumpkin is
cooking Gregg making also horseshoes
chocolate premium cupcake mix I'm
telling you when I get crazy I get crazy
and the cool thing is that our house has
two carbons so while the pumpkin is
cooking in here I can cook my um Oh
cakes in there I have this love which I
wear if I can control myself not to eat
it
Brian I'm gonna wake up I mean I'm gonna
go to the store kay
Brian I've been sitting here for like 20
minutes trying to wake him up Brian wake
up Brian Brian Brian what what I said
your name like like 50 times
oh yeah yeah it's impossible to give up
looks like these are done they look
awesome there's actually a little bit of
goo coming out too and I think the
pumpkin is done
look do close all right these look done
because they're starting to peel away
some of these cool and I'm actually
going to run to the store because as you
can see Brian's sleeping and Karma's out
of food he's out of food me so hungry
anyone's eat dinner huh obviously I
didn't get Brian like I could have I
could have done something really crazy
okay Brian but I did because I'm
planning the most epic prank ever
and so y'all just gonna have to wait but
it's gonna happen right Walmart and I
just realized I have pumpkin on me a
hashtag mom like that's tech fall I'm
just gonna blame it on being a mom I
don't know I'm raising its do I bring
her to carry the dog food Wow look at
your ombre cast that is all-natural guys
that's a natural ombre it's officially
time to bake so one and a half cups of
sugar 1/2 a cup of oil stir 2 eggs
lightly beaten and a cup of pumpkin yeah
1 3/4 cup of flour teaspoon of salt
teaspoon baking soda 1/2 a teaspoon of
baking powder 1/2 a teaspoon of nutmeg
1/2 a teaspoon of allspice 1/2 a
teaspoon of cinnamon quarter of a
teaspoon of cloves mmm all right we're
ready to bake bake for 30 minutes at 350
now the cleanup look who's up
Hey Oh me yeah so tightly that's gone
yeah where it is not sock monkey outfit
he's got a sock monkey outfit on uh-huh
guy done it smells so good you guys I
really think that it might just turned
out perfectly look at that oh my gosh
it's perfect I cooked it perfectly
tastes just like pumpkin bread let's
bring back memories uh-huh
mmm gosh yeah yay seriously this reminds
me of last year when we ate like 20
loads of things
gone upstairs gonna go to bed go dr.
Goldberg hey hey I love you that's to
get look at this little guy even is it a
rocket play you want to go to sleep now
I have a little sock what you got here I
feel like today has been like all about
food huh it was a lot of food oh it was
the first day of fall huh everyone
starts to bulk up around this time Boop
I'm gonna say goodbye um don't forget
you guys can vote for the sugars capable
ward cuz we're nominated for a new bit
did you know we're nominated for a new
youtuber that's so cool I know and I
know you guys can make it happen
so gold in description and vote for us
cuz that would be amazed balls if we
want we would totes appreciate that oMG
anyway I'm gonna go to bed anyway little
family leavin kilo family okay so I hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog thumbs up if
you did and we will see you guys
tomorrow bye okay see this look at it
yeah he's real he doesn't just exist in
my computer screen everywhere well right
now I'm in your computer screen that's
true I guess he's not real to you so the
jury is here is this like the universe's
exploding now that we're like both and
your computer to bloggers up with this
what's going on crazy
yeah okay good
sweet wait is that dog
