morning good morning good morning good
morning good morning hey baby boy nice
tie this is our son baby
boy there's gonna do amazing things this
little guy is quite active this morning
she good morning karma good morning who
did that is it you Rudy cameras keep
getting you careful he's funny yeah
isn't he a funny puppy
good morning guys so I just got out of
my third shower I've taken three showers
you got I still have look at all this
blue around my armpit it's also really
funny because last night I posted a
picture of my side it was completely
covered in blue and it looks like this
giant bruise I was like I totally biffed
it I actually fooled some of you guys
but a lot of people were like nice try
which was even funnier getting your tan
on this morning yeah I know you you
might notice to my voice is a little
raspy I didn't know it until after I was
editing the vlog but apparently I yelled
a lot right did I yell too much so yeah
I have a sore throat
I still got color on me I'm trying to
get it out but today I'm going to figure
out actually how to keep the color in my
shirt because I want to stay so I heard
a couple tricks and I'm gonna try that
day is normally Sunday lazy day but
today we have so much to do I had to
unpack everything which is like the
worst thing ever
I hate unpacking I love packing I'll
pack everything I'll pack everything
that you could possibly need in a day of
living I said I probably packed like a
week's worth of clothing usually but
then I got to put it all away it's like
the worst but how much got all that done
now I'm gonna do laundry bed all kinds
of stuff it is seriously an amazing day
outside we have all the windows open we
need to get a pumpkin spice smell in
here hombre yeah we need to like totally
deck out our room yeah I want to make it
fall so badly in here I just not very
good at decorating I'm really not all
right check it out you guys this is my
Color Run shirt that I wore yesterday
did you know I was in the Color Run if
you didn't you can watch yesterday's
vlog but yesterday I did the Color Run
very very dirty I love it I love the way
this sure looks down I want to keep it
this way
so what they recommend is actually
spraying it with vinegar and then
ironing it a couple times so I've got
some vinegar in my little spray bottle
and I'm just going to spray it oh guy
hate the smell of vinegar
baby you dancing with baby Olly sleeping
huh Karma's been so deprived of playtime
homeboy we've been so busy drop it drop
it no let go no let go you want a bath
so I thought go get oh we got it you
said to give it up up hey hey guys what
if I did my hair like this all the time
and I just left it this fluffy first of
all that's just legs retarded yeah it's
really really fluffy guys and this is
what happens if I leave it curly yeah
it's cool-looking
curly for about an hour or two and then
this is what happens this is why I
straighten it like every day straighten
the crap out of it and voila look at
that
15 minutes later it's perfectly straight
and much more manageable and easier to
handle because that hair is just
ridiculous I know it looks cool for like
two hours and then I want to freak out
because my hair is freaking out -
alright what's up they'll do you hungry
looks like guy is hungry seeing you can
look up baby what do you think it at
think I think daddy is silly
you guys have to see this it's amazing
always working with that yeah they're
like hanging out together like hey we're
just doing our work just getting stuff
done we having fun yeah IATA it's gotten
so cute oh dude I tried to get karma up
here but he mostly just wanted to play
there yes
yeah here get up there come turn around
oh what a good boy sit thank you oh
we're like um drew dog just like licked
me dere there's all my boys the three
students wait
which one oh you curly hey Jonah is him
Oh moe
yeah he's the other one I only know
curly and Moe okay we just finished a
super funny video of me and Bryan
so tag video is we don't do tags by
often we were trying to put all over an
input he was just not happy so he's
hanging out with auntie don't want to
talk video yeah go watch it cuz I think
it's gonna be really funny it we were
laughing through it so let's see how
Oliver is mr. Oliver's hanging out with
auntie she been good yeah it is Ellis
Lee what you doing fine is doing the
one-handed food making trick to be the
new YouTube challenge prepare a sandwich
with a baby oh my gosh that's such a
good idea actually
right we should make a tag video and do
a challenge but then people would have
to find babies I am killing babies yeah
I just probably would not could be
feeling you two moms though hey guy you
all bundled up you will pulled it up
with you later you need a puppy blanket
warm just to get together here I could
always tell and he's like smiling behind
his pacifier he can see smiles and then
spits it out oh you just look so cute
huh and we're actually using this
blanket like it's not just for looks
it's actually kind of chilly outside
it's actually really cool because fall
is here I'm gonna grab that because
Missy probably lost it is he ready to go
phones right there hi guys so we have a
huge announcement to tell you we've been
keeping a little bit of secret you know
how we are girls and we moved into a new
house just me and Brian we just thought
it's time so we did it big old house so
this is the kitchen
and Missy's gonna give you that's got a
big ol room
it's got like three bedrooms yeah okay
let's go look here's the upstairs
it's just so exciting you guys I can't
believe like we finally got our own
house like how crazy is that
so this is like our room we got a brand
new bed
we got a nursery set up guest bathroom
we have an upstairs upstairs laundry
which is awesome and the coolest part
it comes with children whoa oh wow you
can't hear this
this one's hiding another house another
child so yeah they were like you guys
can have the house but it it comes with
some stipulations and that's that there
are kids so we're your new parents okay
guys are you excited what's your name
I'm your new yep Brenda baby random baby
we found another kid in our house you
guys random baby yeah untitled yeah um
the house also came with a German
Shepherd for security obviously we need
good really good security no I'm kidding
obviously this is not our house thumbs
up if you were really tricked I can't
even think there's too many kids going
on this is actually my buddy's new house
John and they've just been giving us the
tour and yeah where's our room John it's
outside oh yeah bro you guys look at
this TV he got he got 65 65 inch
television it fills the entire like
that's the fireplace it fills in a king
it's like I can barely fit it in my lens
bro it's too big no that's awesome I'm
totes jelly so I am at Home Depot every
time I say Home Depot I think of the
movie the rat race the guys like I do
not want to work at Home Depot you
remember that we are grill shopping
we're just doing manly man stuff you
know I'm like yeah I'm just gonna I'm
gonna pick up a you know a Brinkmann you
know set then
I'm just gonna buy some charcoal and
some grill and we're just gonna do some
grilling and stuff do you is this what
you like Webber they're good right
Oh gasps no - gasps I guess so wide
widen why no gas I have a thing okay if
you have a gas barbecue grill why would
you go outside and cook it why don't you
just stay inside your house and cook on
your gas I guess that makes sense
I don't know what's better you guys
leave in the comments gas grill or
charcoal plus charcoal gives an awesome
flavor is that really true though it's
true under fire I mean would you not a
piece of chocolate chips to it okay you
can add everything to charcoal I guess I
guess that makes sense
whoa this is get our cold smoker gosh oh
wait till one sides charcoal oh this is
charcoal charcoal and this is gas yeah
well that's cool best of both worlds
like Miley Cyrus even Oliver as transfix
is a huge TV look at him he's staring at
your TV bro he cannot resist the 65-inch
he's addicted already you guys son
showing the girls yoga moves are doing
the child pose and all he's watching are
you gonna do it - okay we're gonna do
another one they're doing the Cobra hey
you guys are pretty good at that okay
they're gonna do the tree pose look at
that how good you guys are that these
girls look good at Yoga try try again do
again Wow
I know it's hard on takes practice yeah
hey so Jumeirah how john was talking all
that smack against propane okay I guess
it wasn't all the smack but he wasn't
sure what to get but we ended up getting
half gas half propane you literally did
get the Hannah Montana edition you know
that right so now we got some I know we
got primo burgers on there look good
those are like oozing cheese bro ah we
don't know what we're doing
where's Benji man when you need him
alright Missy's going ham on this
chocolate bar look at her phone you guys
look at her phone how did you get
chocolate on your phone you're going
crazy babe you got to take it easy it's
just chocolate good really those discs
what is it that's what it's called a
magnum double chocolate bar yeah pretty
good you guys might have noticed I have
something on my cheek think you can see
it it's a little red right there last
night um I was taking like my third
shower after the color run to try and
get all the color and I had all this
color like in my pores and it was
freaking me out so all I did was like
scrub it and I guess I scrubbed too hard
cause like it really hurts like misses
telling me I have like the worst pores
ever because they're like huge I don't
know what I can really do for that I
think it might is it just a guy thing do
guys just have really big force every
guy I know Oh fix it this he is a wiping
Oliver and he is quite party look at
this little dude he's been so tired
today like he fell asleep really early
tonight
and has not wanted to wake up since I
had to like change his diaper and put
him in his night clothes and he is just
sacked out while they were napping which
is Heidi who I met at the Color Run
she vlogs the entire day too and she put
the video up and it's super cool it's
like it's I think it's just cool to like
get to see us from like another
perspective I'm so bummed I did um I
washed our comforter and I always make
it a big deal to make sure I wash my
comforter early in the morning because I
hate how long it takes sometimes to dry
the comforter
I actually set it outside today so it
could dry on its own because I always
seem to burn the comforters I totally
forgot about it and I left it outside
and it didn't dry because it's just too
cold right now it was freezing cold we
got home from John's house and it was
wet and now I'm trying to dry it and I
really want to go to bed okay so I want
to tell you guys something that I
actually wrote on our tumblr blog at
daily Bumstead TV you guys might have
read it I wanted to tell some of you
guys who haven't the color run yesterday
was just so cool because yeah that's my
wife Missy she's taking a shower
uh-huh but the color burn was so cool
just because like it had such a focus on
being positive and happy it was just a
really really cool reminder for us
because you know being on YouTube we get
a lot of scrutiny um you know we get a
lot of really awesome positive comments
from you guys and tons of love and
support but lately I mean as you grow
and stuff you get a lot of negative
comments on a lot of people being
downright mean I don't know I would say
I myself sort of like lost myself in it
last week and I just sort of like really
let it get to me when I really shouldn't
have and the Color Run was just such a
great reminder to start to focus only on
positivity and love and support because
that's all that matters you know what I
mean I'm done giving my time to those
kind of people who just want to come
here and and say you know mean things
are nasty things or scrutinize the way
we live our life you know just not worth
it focusing on those kind of people and
problem but it was just a really cool
sort of a cool reminder that I think is
relevant to a lot of people you know if
you're living your life every day and
you find yourself you know in these
negative situations try and focus on the
happiness that you do have in your life
and support that you do have from people
because that's so important you know
like happiness and love and family and
support that's what life's about I want
to say that um before I in the blog but
I hope you guys enjoyed it give it a
thumbs up if you did and if you didn't
know we put out videos every single day
of our daily life with my hot wife she's
mine on that curtain and my cute kid
who's sleeping over there this is me
tickling his cheek ticka ticka ticka
ticka ticka - anyway are we of course
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
the other case you're on the brink of
well look at this girl
really watching them I'm all come
through the finish line
bill all these all bundled up trying to
stay warm it's not too
