previously on daily bumps Brian getting
ready okay I think I have an idea
sorry to say though cuz paybacks
baby boy hi
Allen baby
you have way
do amazing things
good morning everybody look at what a
beautiful day it is here in sunny
California hate car my boy I'm gonna
throw you a little alien drop it drop it
beat guys to your little alien you gotta
be nice to the aliens real so abduct you
can you say good morning to everyone say
good morning and I'll throw it say good
morning and I'll throw it all right I'll
just throw it yeah oh good catch boy Oh
top it drove it bulk or I don't think
this thing is said Oliver since we got
it Oliver
that's better
hmm you guys think I should bring her
I don't mind making him out
we twist
did you enjoy your nap baby I'll get
Oliver he's so comfy
well now that you're up what do you want
to do what do you want to eat do you
want some french bread
that's some good shit
who or what about some french fries
there's some french fries hey what do
you say oh yeah I can so weird
I'm not asking so weird inch fries do
french fries sound good no what do you
want to eat what do you want to do you
know what we should do Missy we should
visit France okay I feel like you'd
really fit in there I'm not acting like
anything I'm just saying if we visited
France you'd fit in really well there oh
I don't know Brian
what I didn't do anything I really
didn't see how can i here's a quote from
Missy a couple days ago you will never
be able to get me back I am unprintable
is what she said we go to France you'll
fit in thank you good morning buddy
good morning I hope this comes off who's
that who's that
I'm unprintable you can never break me
she looks pretty
yeah no I was nice I didn't do it out of
permanent marker although I had a hell
of a time figuring out how to work your
eyeliner that's pretty fancy and just
twist no we're even this prank was
brought to you by Twitter I actually
tweeted out that missing landing is
napping and I need suggestions and so
many people send me suggestions so
that's awesome
I chose the first one obviously it's
drawn on her face thank you at not dead
just yet I used your suggestion that was
quite funny so we are getting ready
today and look
this guy god there's a door of a little
bowtie on e oh yeah yeah you think
that's funny yeah he's just getting so
like just so like active I guess you
could say like he's just starting to be
like really aware of what's going on and
yeah aren't you
I think he's getting ready to giggle or
something me and Cara just had a little
talk he brought out one of all of her
toys I was playing with it and then I
was like no karma that's Oliver and so I
put it on his little like swing he just
like run up to it and like grab it and
look at me and be like this is not karma
- I know that's Karma's oh no there was
another toy Missy just collapsed if he
does collapse what's wrong with you get
off the floor
get off the floor no help yet oh yeah
why I'm actually gonna help you up
psych sorry I hope you understand I
promise sorry you're a baby crying in
the background over here come join the
fun yeah what the heck what
okay karma can this can this lobster be
Karma's okay obviously let go let go
like this thing must die I love this new
delivery system we have Missy just calls
me and says I need it there you go
well get these guys oh hi he's been
napping today on doing this is the only
way he he stops going no if you put him
in his it's funny cos like I said he
doesn't cry a lot but if you put him in
his little rock and play when it's not
bedtime he will sit and just crunch he's
like Daddy time yeah
we're tired again this is normal right
look great nice out here how am I not
know we're gonna break your senses yeah
as you can tell they broke I'm super
bummed about it so I really like you I
try and then just fall down actually the
sad thing isn't that my mom's okay
I still like everyone sunglasses we
always do this when we gonna type it you
just start shopping and we realize we
need a cart got a whole train thing
going on now realize we didn't even
bring any blankets or diaper bag in what
bad parents Missy forgot everything and
he is hungry he's a lot like me when you
got to eat you gotta eat am i right is
this how you're moving a stroller
shopping and breastfeeding at the same
time Oliver has newborn diapers and new
one clothes that he's not wearing so we
picked up some storage bins you know
your parents when you get excited about
star
ooh that's cool they look like that whoa
you okay you just had a knack be happy
you guy likes not that rough this is
supposed to be a chair we're not sure
how that works
Oh is it comfortable no not at all down
straight out of it your bow is the
ground really in there now look at all
this amazing headgear that's like made
out of foam it's just like big the
eighties 50s hair what are they called
Chris marches big fun oh my gosh yes
yeah
that looks so cool yeah busy that
seriously looks so cool miss you got her
hair done you guys know looks like
Johnny Bravo okay yeah that looks funny
yeah we should be like foam hat family
totally yeah that is awesome babe look
at this fat bird ah
wait do birds get pregnant I thought
they lay eggs but do they get fat before
they lay eggs we have no idea how birds
work you guys all we know is this one is
fat I'm a pro at doing this now watch
this used to be super high okay
this is not working you just need to put
it at the bottom Howard place called me
and we're gonna look at some samples of
the shirts you guys I'm so excited for
time I've ever seen it on an actual
shirt so the spherical all right guys so
this is the women's v-neck and it's the
anchor design Belk so cool looks really
cool and then this is the men's V with
the hey design those turned out so good
what do you think babe it looks so good
huh really soft really stoked
that's the isn't this color awesome yeah
that anchor looks so good right and it
says daily bumps TV
I know I'm bored too look what we found
you guys adult capri-sun
I hate grocery shopping it's so stupid
we go in there because we're buying
dinner for the family tonight we're just
gonna cook dinner tonight and we
literally walk out with like 50 bucks
what do we spend 50 bucks on babe no
Missy just found Gatorade for 50 cents
each and she was going crazy that's what
you do when you in the grocery store
you're like I'm never gonna see this
deal again check it out this is actually
Cassie's shirt because it's not as small
so it's a little snug but it looks
really good babe your daily bumps v-neck
oh it's so cool look what we got we got
new bedding yes we thought it was time
for a change and we also are looking at
probably doing some cool pictures and we
wanted to like start off with a brand
new bed
very adult it feels like we're upgrading
our bedspread yeah our bed is growing up
look at it it's like yes so this is
actually pretty full like and we've been
using it all summer and so now we're
gonna switch it and go to a prettier
kind yeah is there a fast way we can do
this yeah I really don't want to just
sit and make the bed like I just sounds
like I take you forever supers because
YouTube magic hey you're right let's use
YouTube magic okay let's do it you do
this I do all the time I'm glad all
right here yeah yep I like it it looks
very purpley on the camera but it's
actually a really pretty blue yeah movie
eyes like it really really pretty blue
and doesn't that look comfortable and
sexy so a lot of people in yesterday's
vlog were given Missy a lot of flack for
waking me up in the middle of the night
to change all of her diaper the routine
is Missy will breastfeed and then she'll
wake me up to change his diaper and a
lot of people are like why do you wake
Brian up to change his diaper when
you're already up well the truth is is
I'm his parent too and we don't want
Missy doing all the work like that would
not be fair at all and I want me to see
to wake me up because I want to change
her sight but I want to help I don't
want to be one of those dads who just
sleeps through the night while my wife
has to get up like two or three times
you know
to breastfeed and change his diaper so I
want to get up and I want to do it and
she doesn't wake me up every single
night it's like she a lot of the times
if she knows I'm up late and I've been
working a lot so just let me sleep and
she'll go do it but some nights she will
wake me up to do it and I appreciate it
because I want to help out and stuff so
I just want to clarify that I also did
want to clarify a lot of people have
noticed I'm not filming at the office
anymore well I quit doing the office and
I'm now working solely from home so
essentially we have to stay at home
parents which is really really cool
obviously I do a lot of work from home
still I just wanted to help out more I
think and it worked out perfectly for us
so I'm super stoked about that
that's exciting huh Oliver it's like
yeah I like having you around but anyway
I'm gonna go ahead and the vlog just
because I gotta get things ready we're
gonna shoot a video of mrs. channel and
get it up and then I am running to the
Apple Store to go get my iPhone and I
still don't know what color I'm gonna
get I think you should get gold you
really think I should get gold they're
all so pretty I don't know what to do
you guys here's what I want you to do by
the time we're watching this I will have
already gotten the iPhone so leave a
comment below with what color you think
I got gold white or black wait it's
actually gold silver or grey that's what
they call him now but I saw no idea what
phone I'm gonna get but I'm excited I
I've stood in a lot of Apple lines and
of course I'm gonna take you guys with
me probably gonna watch a movie read a
book and be bored out of my mind
passed out on the line for an iPad for
like how long I was doing good eight
hours yeah it was a long time not fun I
hope you guys had a fantastic day I hope
you enjoyed the vlog give it a big fat
thumbs up and as always we will see you
guys tomorrow bye bye guys can you take
this what routine is diaper
Oh
yes newspaper
