I'm on the rocking duty otherwise you
get a very angry baby I did it
oh look it's so fun he's like seriously
dad you suck
I think some of those K this is our son
baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things
good morning guys or is it morning hmm
not really we kind of took the morning
off
we were really lazy we slept in chilled
out with that cute little boy and that
cute little boy oh hey Kermit
why do you smile like that it's so scary
it's just here in Burma actually when he
shows his teeth like that is it what
does that mean
it's a Sun it's actually submitting he's
submitting to me it's like a smile it's
a real smile like he's like imitating us
like giving us heat we can I won't wake
him karma don't do that on camera this
little boy has been sleeping like all
morning I actually tried to wake up with
him at like 8 a.m. he was not having it
he was like ah and then he just like
fell back to sleep on me I was like all
right I guess we're sleeping so that's
kind of what started the whole let's
sleep in today but he still doesn't want
to get up huh he's just growing he's got
to sleep when he so he has to hisses
sweet so he can grow it is diaper duty
day I thought yesterday was it I got the
day off so now I got to do them today
and it is very another gloomy wet day so
I'm probably not going to be able to do
my fun little Sun bleaching because it's
just too wet out there and they could
get rained on relax don't do it when you
wanna get to it relax it's okay oh look
you liked it a little bit bigger lunch
today so I'm having a blueberry yogurt
these top chips which these are so good
you guys have you tried these some super
low powered baked they're not fried
they're just pop I have no idea how it
happened these are awesome and then I
just made a really simple turkey and
have already sandwich
oh you love your monkey huh I'm off to
gyms just kidding am i hey um double
voice just started to come out I bet
just kidding
I'm not going to hang out with gym I'm
actually going to the gym guess what
guys we got TV we actually broke down
and we got some uh cable TV because we
were just like really tired of not
having the like news like we literally
couldn't even watch the news so it's
just like a super base eggs like $20 a
month for TV and so yeah pretty excited
about it cuz now we can keep up on
what's going on in the world
oh man it's actually really sunny out
here oh hey I'm also nerd haha check it
out we scored nerdy glasses from the 3d
movie last night and they're blue sixty
five degrees out and sunny this is
actually really awesome fall weather all
I want to do is watch hocus pocus and
curl up with my babe on the couch
hocus-pocus anyone it's like the
greatest Halloween movie in the world I
don't know I'm sure there are a lot of
great Halloween movies what's your
favorite Halloween movie mine is
definitely hocus-pocus or I guess it
doesn't have to be Halloween it caalso
be like a fall movie
Oh Harry Potter I have to watch Harry
Potter lots of Harry Potter this month
you guys so someone had said that I
should check out the manual release and
so I started looking at all these videos
and basically it's the way to like get
your baby to fart like but you're like
kind of helping it come out and it's so
funny every time he farts he like smiles
so big he thinks it's hilarious
maybe
huh probably already squeezed all the
farts out of them are we doing yeah well
that's how you do it and it was really
funny it's like how hot have really big
fart out of here just like ah but I
think I got all the farts out of them ha
and it's actually pretty cool I think it
might've worked oh hey look what I'm
wearing I'm a gravity nerd yeah we got
two pair are you feeding the little guy
what are you watching is this your new
obsession earlier today she was watching
someone cut someone open like how do you
watch that she's like it's not a real
body well it looks like a real body huh
I know think gimme some lemon please
blue engine revving please head oh okay
you really hurt me your nails are too
long look at that he mutilated me
humiliated me puppy why'd you do that
why are you here kiss it better
kiss it better thank you are you ready
to go to the store yeah I'm ready mom
watch every time I do this you spit it
on smiles late but you want me to have
that ready is this this is a dork so my
phone is dead right now because Brian
tweeted out that he that everyone should
tweet me and tell me to stop watching
Grey's nanny and then everyone tweeted
me to someone Grey's Anatomy thank you
guys
oh my phone good minute I've been
candy crush like all day so have you
really read you are doing this today
nerd it out yo put your glasses on I'm
not gonna be the only one walking around
in public like that there you go
I didn't ask you to I'm nerdy she's
nerdy what are you dreaming about what
do you guys think he's dreaming about
what are you dreaming about
hello oh babe lookit see karma did get
me good dad he was really sorry though
we're gonna have to get rid of him sad
news he attacked me so we have to get
rid of him yeah you know I was just
thinking of myself the other day I
really need something to hold my toilet
paper how about an alligator what do you
think I think that would scare Oliver oh
hey look he's awake he's wide awake he's
a case where are we put on your glasses
it's green no I'm jeez haha fail hey guy
yeah I'm gonna get you he giggled Mizzy
I found the perfect thing for Missy
first of all put your glasses on you
little nerd nerds are cool oh look at it
look at the Hat so funny
Zima see we're cool okay you need you
just I really did you get over this then
it makes sense you look so cool Missy
did the right thing we left Walmart and
they actually like gave us someone
else's stuff and yeah I walk in there
and they're like oh she just left I'm
like dang it
I can't literally just walked away at
leave asking for her stuff and she
didn't get her stuff he's probably not
gonna come back either Oh at least she
did the right thing though Nick ollie is
freaking out yeah he's like I need my
mommy some when we're at Walmart I
picked up a couple of masks and I got
one for Brian I'm gonna make him do it
it's evil there's like a man it's like a
man one I don't know it's dick
it's supposed to look dry on its face
you
like peel it off dead sea mud enriched
this one is a avocado an oatmeal and it
just you would think that there's
avocado and OB on this right no what
could these ingredient that's a lot of
ingredients and I don't think any of
them say oatmeal one says per SIA Greta
Samia which supposedly is avocado which
is weird I really should just make it at
home but this sounded fun so I did it it
looks like a minty color there it goes
over with your mommy doing look at mommy
but good mommy's doing no funny look at
him standing up you guys
you got this you got this he's almost
dancing you're almost dancing you know
what you remind me of is um the mask oh
yeah
Jim Carrey there we go check it out
miss swamp monster mom I looks like
Cillian loving oh it's all minty Oh what
are you doing today
haha not very blue oh this feels weird
you guys okay my eye smells buddy it's
like rubbing toothpaste on you
Oh seriously they like I already started
oh man my eyes are burning feels like
it's in my eyes hey careful okay my face
is seriously burning okay my face is on
fire
holy crap really my face is on fire take
it off oh okay keep going
oh looks like something from the inside
of an alien it like burns if it goes in
my eye I'm gonna go blind
okay come fine
we get room here he knows oh wow my face
is on fire is this normal babe I don't
know you guys my face is really on fire
I don't know this stuff burns though
didn't take it off
Oh chuckles a sound until it dries like
five to ten minutes cuz that's the only
way it comes off you gotta like peels
off yeah I really want my pores to be
closed you guys all right Missy show Ali
scary you're not gonna scam oh you like
that made him giggle
you don't looking at the camera this is
no more right you guys husband and wife
doing face facial masks facial masks
everybody tried to kiss him she got some
oatmeal avocado on me oli boy what's
wrong are you rocking him yeah you could
probably take mine off now you want to
try to peel off can you grab it
Oh Oh weird like you're really oh my
gosh my face is peeling off you guys oh
my god it's a gate aah oh my gosh my
face is peeling has no idea so crazy oh
my gosh oh my gosh oh this is big so
we're okay Oh Oliver I'm sorry when it
really grabbed your hair I didn't think
you're gonna do that oh my gosh you guys
look at this this is crazy
ah this is just freaky you guys who's
freaked out hit thumbs up if you're
freaked out oh my god
ah so weird
nothing is gonna do that how crazy is
that so weird near your skin ah this is
holding my skin Missy's is boring you
just wash it off oh yeah what do you
guys think about the face I think it's
better it definitely it's like softer
and smoother I don't know if it did crap
for my pores though and he did some
shred of masculinity back Missy so I'm
having a beer I'm still a man okay ders
he's totally mesmerized by these bears
you're watching this on Friday tomorrow
morning we are actually racing at the
Color Run it's not really a race it's
more of just like a fun walk and run
Missy's gonna be there all he's gonna be
there I'm gonna be there and we're gonna
have a lot of fun and we're just going
to get colorful and walk and run hey hey
guy it's okay I'm sorry I'm carrying a
bad gun yeah if you're going or you want
to go check out the link in the
description please today's the last day
to check it out okay so I am packing
right now because we're gonna try and
leave tomorrow morning like early that
way we kind of get to spend the day in
San Diego and hang out we're going away
for the first time with our little baby
so I got a sniper's and yeah I'm super
nervous I did all the cloth diapers
today so I'm just gonna like bring like
a lot of them you never know never know
how many diapers you're gonna need we're
gonna get ready and go to bed you know
mom bye bye
on you think you right now way come back
I like cutting up do you think daddy is
this all I wanted I just wanna come with
you it's cuz my face is so soft
thank you alright thank you my only
night only when you're a Californian and
it's raining driving stops and everyone
drives super slow because everyone's
really scared of the rain is never done
race I'll draw a California yeah he does
but yeah we did end up leaving Oliver up
we were going to take him but it sorta
had said that it's like really loud like
one of those really intense movies so in
the end I was like maybe I should it and
my mom kind of wanted to hang out with
him anyway
