let's go over here where mommy is she
being I do this I'm like the most
clumsiest person and you bump everything
every family Eddie - good morning guys
thanks for swinging by get it okay goes
it look we're just you know monkeying
around aren't my puns the breasts baby
boy time
bolli
you have whoa
amazing things drag him in he has no
idea what's going on you just put him
under this tanning thing that we have in
our our room comes with free tanning we
can just like lay it in the middle of
the bathroom totally I mean I don't know
Missy I'm just talking on my butt I I
wonder if it's like somehow filtered
through the things obviously that can't
be as bright as the Sun right we don't
be able to look up yeah it's true
there's a lot of monkeys right here
there's one monkey there one monkey
there one monkey there one monkey there
one monkey here big monkey behind them
monkey yeah burger market hair anything
monkey cloth diaper on to the few really
bad made Booya good morning karma how
are you what are you doing today what
are you going to do today dredge come on
be high I can avoid do you love me
are we best friends are we best friends
ha ha ha it is it is it is it is it
oh okay he was like smiling so much I
thought I was like the funnest thing
ever
oh there you a little bit it's really
fun but you're still dropping yeah so we
just got done filming a video we were
supposed to do that yesterday and we
just didn't do it
so we did it just now and it should
hopefully be up already on my channel
because it's supposed to be up
technically yesterday for you guys today
for us but I basically did a video on
why we cloth diaper because a lot of
people asked me all the time why are you
cloth diapering it's so weird because
it's not normal for people to cloth
diaper so I did answer some questions on
that so you guys should go check it out
Oliver slept through the whole thing he
did so good he just napped through the
whole thing and didn't even fuss or
anything I was really good yeah yeah now
you're like I'm done done being good
guess what guys
I am actually tweeting now it's actually
kind of fun I've gotten into it it's
kind of hard though it's like it's kind
of like social media is a full-time job
adding Twitter in there but it it's
really fine and so yeah you guys should
definitely follow me because I am
officially tweeting my good at it brain
you're okay at it I'm okay she's good in
it they're unlearning and trying to
figure it all out you're definitely not
where I was when I sent my first tweet
really well I'm really trying if you
guys liked it
tell me if I'm I'm kind of good at it oh
you're making me yawn everyone else
check out this cute kid hey buddy hey
we're going to go run some errands and
get some food cuz this guy's been eating
all day but I am starvin Marvin Oh
mini grapes
oh they're even look how fancy we are we
buy Welch's graves he looks old
he looks like an older baby it's just
weird because you guys and we see him
every single day so he literally does
not change but if you go watch the video
go watch the video of the day we took
him home
and then come back and watch this and
look at the difference it's like it's
pretty insane how much he's grown
already you know before you know it he's
gonna be Wow he's gonna be walking he's
gonna be going to school oh yeah we're
gonna lock him up here forever you can
never leave the house no I think we are
gonna homeschool though and I guess
we'll cross that bridge when we get to
it only got to worry about it
something that actually did tweet about
was the fact that last night was pretty
funny I woke up Brian again to have him
change Oliver's diaper it wasn't even
that late I was probably like I mean it
wasn't that early it was five o'clock in
the morning which isn't like the middle
of the night I mean it's kind of time to
make up that a few I know the night for
me I usually have super late editing
yeah sorry guys I was like Brian Jonah
changes diaper and he's like mmm I'm
like Brian he's like he's like hey nine
let's find his address
and I was trying to find something funny
to say to him like uh he lives with us
I'm like Brian are you gonna change his
diaper I have to know where he's at
before he changes died when I was like
Brian are you gonna change his diaper
and you're like yeah and I was like well
you just asked for his address I thought
you was like this obviously know what I
meant
do you even remember changing his diaper
by the way I do make sure that he makes
it to the pet room wait did I change a
cypher yes you Dave I don't remember I
don't remember I did nothing he said
he's like here give him to me and I'm
like get up and go get him like when
he's trying to ask him to get some
drinks cuz I had a free one this stuff
amazing w but Missy ran in to pick up
sticks to go get food and she's like
running to a an p.m. but you can't
really run into am/pm when you have a
baby so I do like break out the stroller
put a minute he's still sleeping which
is amazing we did it we survived a trip
to am/pm fungi huh hey what is that all
of her what do I told you about selling
lottery tickets geez well I guess since
he took one I guess we'll go ahead and
play it
I've been sitting here for like two
hours and now I'm trying to figure out
what I was going to tell you guys
this will probably drive you guys crazy
definite do this since we left the house
Michael like I always tell him I'm like
oh I need a something oh I forgot just
like no maybe you have pregnancy brain
stop can you have pregnancy brain
two months after you give birth no I
don't think so anyway no I'm sure you're
guaranteeing a baby for him favorite is
definitely a thing
takeoff is ready he will smile oh oh oh
Eddie what's that yah yah you're boring
him no ready what they do like he's got
a definitely not upset again action is
okay I'm not mad
so Missy's dad was just blogging on
playing with ollie and yeah he was
holding the camera outside completely
upside down Tim I look good that's okay
I can turn it around as long as you
weren't filming it like this I'm okay
but you know what I mean he's not really
lovable yeah I'm sitting in the living
room with hanging out with Oliver I've
been listening to my sister giggling and
laughing I finally decided to come over
and I realized that she's watching
several movies of ours
sister would never take off her tigger
outfit she bored figure out that like
all the time there's a Tigger outfit
that's Kathy and Kathy adorable I am not
showing you got its myself because I
look like a dork okay kind of trying to
figure out what photos we have and
hanging up all these photos we're going
to exchange all these for hang on
exchange all these for some current ones
that we have I've been gettin all throw
boxes these past couple of days mostly
cuz we're just going through stuff and
unpacking and all that so we are out of
the house again ran back home because I
had to finish uploading a video for
Missy channel but of course when I was
uploading it YouTube is doing
maintenance so it just keeps rejecting
my upload and so Missy was like well
let's go to the PIO box office and of
course she says that like ten minutes
before they're closed
look at this you guys it is 554 they
close at six o'clock and I don't know if
I'm gonna make it I don't know this is
like a challenge my phone said that
you'll be there at 558 oh my gosh
you see that's like you gotta go in the
parking lot I gotta find a parking spot
oh my goodness okay oh my gosh I really
have to
this is how dedicated Missy is to her
subscribers she really wants to Mel this
oh okay oh no sorry okay screaming I did
it you guys with three minutes to spare
Missy's gonna jump out who's the best
husband in the world huh Oliver how
about best dad who's the best dad in the
world
how about driver who's the best driver
you are daddy I'm sick oh my god
I seriously love our P o box ladies
there seriously nicest people ever they
will they first of all they love us he
loved Oliver because they're like
alright so many packages so popular
popular and it's like they already knew
him before I even came there and it was
like we hadn't like introduce them to
Oliver when he was born cuz I mean they
see so much stuff coming for him and so
it's just so funny I just love them so
much they love us up going shopping with
Daddy don't look at the Barbies cover
your eyes
do you want Gatorade do you want some
chips do you want some milk
who do you want some beer do you want
some scary Halloween guy I'll buy you
whatever you want you want some
chocolate do you want some magazines who
do you want candy
look you guys Twinkies
you remember that they went out of
business everyone freaked out a bunch of
people killed themselves just kidding I
actually did make some money selling a
box of these on eBay
which was fun all these are my favorite
you guys hohos I don't I never really
liked the cupcakes ooh I think I like
them frozen actually I take that back
what's your guys's favorite hostess
treat is it cupcakes is it
ho ho's which are kind of demeaning
because they're pretty much calling you
whatever
then there's Twinkies who the fruit pies
I know them you like the chocolate ones
and then it's donut don't know if you
guys have ever noticed this but
sometimes when you're checking out
there'll be like a sign at the cash
register that'll say like if we don't
ask you for this then you get this free
or if like for instance like I think if
we don't give you your receipt then you
get five dollars off where you get it
for free or whatever at the cash
register it said if we don't ask you if
you would like putting petitions
would you like in Oreos cookies and
cream bar then you get it free and
someone like sitting there and I'm like
waiting for him to like ask me and he
never didn't like oh my god he's not
gonna ask me and they're like Brian like
interrupted him and I was like oh my god
he's gonna remember oh my god he's gonna
remember and then he did it and I was
like how am I gonna tell him I feel like
such a little brat like I'm gonna stay
here and be like did you ask me for my
Oreos bars so then he didn't ask you
yeah yeah I was like I'm sorry but did
you ask me for these he's like he's like
no I didn't actually I was like okay
like see like yeah like give me my Oreos
please thank you I heard those yeah I
didn't know how to word it and I still
feel like how it word it was like did
you ask me if I wanted Oreos bars you
know he thought you were a total bitch
oh I really think he thinks he was just
like he seemed to irritate it to me but
he was like nope it's okay that's why I
put the sign up I'm I'm supposed to ask
every time and I'm like okay so you're
hoping for the side of at least three
Oreos cookies and cream so we picked up
some packages and this little one was
sitting back there and I was like I want
to know what's in it from Angela in
Florida and it's this it has an anchor
on it has an infinity time and I just
love it so I absolutely love the color
it's so pretty it actually matches my
color right now that I'm wearing so show
everyone your boobs I did no that's one
more good than that okay look at this
little guy you guys
Missy's been carrying her around for how
long now a long time exact killing me
maybe like an hour and he's just so nice
and content sitting right here he's so
comfortable get more clean and I'm
actually debating just a quick little
shower rinse often he actually loves
showers it's so fun Killa glit the water
his facing is like this like he has like
this cute little smile on his face he
yeah he loves it like the water like
sprinkles damn initially I didn't want
to say a lot of people are asking about
shirts and yes we will be doing shirts
again in the near future this shirt
thing was totally like an experiment we
had no idea what it was gonna do and it
was a great success so great there was a
very less great success and so we will
definitely be doing shirts again um
probably with some really cool designs
coming up I was also thinking about
other things that we could do but really
I wanted to ask you guys what do you
think we should do cuz people suggested
like keychains or lanyards hoodies mugs
a poster I don't know what you guys want
to put a poster of us on your wall I
mean I feel like it would look it would
look really cool but definitely let me
know what you guys want to see in the
near future as far as that
hey I've been ready for good for an hour
your majesty
alright guys we'll see you guys tomorrow
bar
what up
