yeah sorry to say though cuz paybacks I
have to get you back Missy
you can't just do something like that
and then expect to be sitting all pretty
for the rest of your life
sighs hi
his own baby
you are old
amazing things good morning everyone we
are getting ready for the day Sunday's
usually a kind of lazy day but we're
gonna get some stuff done and we're
going to take family photos because we
have not done family photos in forever
and of course now we have a lien so we
definitely want to include him in some
family photos and maybe get a big
portrait and put it in the living room
and stuff so probably going to do that
today and Brian's getting ready for the
day good I think I have an idea come in
I'm gonna fill it up with my water
bottle
oh my god water
I usually filled it up with Thea with my
really cold water bottle what's up I
filled it up with my really cold water
bottle oh my god this time comes day but
you know yeah you started a war baby
what do you think about that Oliver what
do you think about mommy prank and daddy
not nice huh not nice alligators he's
repping the v-neck ahead look this
little chubby smile he's giving me their
ear not funny laughing it up I guess it
was funny and I now I'm like very very
awake so that's good but yeah sorry to
say though cuz hey max I have to get you
back Missy you can't just do something
like that and then expect to be sitting
all pretty for the rest of your life
something's coming and it's coming soon
so be prepared
you look all white like a ghost there
you go what do you guys think I should
do to get back at Missy leave below in
the comments some suggestions and you're
not allowed to read you're not allowed
to read the comments on this video so
I'm gonna get her just saying hit it
back off
so guys on my side huh hashtag team
Brian yes giggling no he was nice do not
even don't even do that Jeremy Jeremy
teach kabi kabi cheeks hey look at all
the cool new stuff hanging up you did
this cool mirror there's a mirror right
here you guys know I can walk in the
mirror
right here what do you think he's not
happy huh
yeah pictures above there that's cool
it's pretty cool I'm not gonna lie this
music is hella anoying I don't know how
he's sleeping through it right now
so we are getting ready you okay
we're gonna do like a bluish grey theme
so I picked out for Oliver this cute
little um it's like a collared shirt
it's kind of long sleeve which it's kind
of hot out there homebody oh but I think
we'll be okay he's got some cute little
jeans I'm gonna put him in mall right
now
oh the seasons right now you guys oh man
when I have the sneezes I literally will
sneeze like tens I'm time zero I get it
from my grandma my grandma would sneeze
like at least ten times in a row and not
the same as me
I will sneeze at least ten times in a
row it's the funniest thing wait no
one's coming on but whoa whoa oh and of
course it's a requirement to go Oh after
you sneeze period looking snazzy look at
the butyl outfit he's in jeans oh man
that's too cute you look too cute buddy
he's like a too much cuteness huh yeah
this is adorable little collar shirt his
sleeves are rolled up and his pants are
a little long so and I actually we just
got these in the mail and obviously
they're a bit big but they're super cute
so I have to put them on them so this is
what he's gonna look like look at this
cute little guide is little gap with his
little jazz you didn't want shoes Missy
yeah oh my goodness what are you doing
but they're too cute to pass
hey guy he's placed and sheeping and he
looks so comfy in this little Cadillac
those are my sunglasses give them to me
now I have mine yeah I just still
everyone's actually I think we did my
mom you hot in those babe thanks kick
yourself out look at you ooh fly super
fly you seem okay that was me is all
weird
tsunami ah spider that's a spider on
your ear I'm sorry I'm scare me oh my
gosh
apparently I need to try again you guys
okay why must you be so immune to it
here's the thing you said check yourself
out and sounds like I didn't so I was
like that's weird and then I kind of saw
you were still recording I was like
riding Cooney I was just like whatever
so we decided to do family photos this
part and this is really pretty Lake here
we're actually here last week and it's
actually not too bad as long as we stay
in the cool shade my family is all
freaking out over something uh-huh hi
guys what is that thing very orange eyes
he's very tall is that really guys hey
just go ahead literally flew in and
literally are you owe me catch it yeah
okay if you go oh I'm sure he's gonna
let you catch it he's like alright see
you guys later this little turtle just
keeps coming back and climbing up on the
rocks it's so cool
turtle turtle oh I do see it right there
that turtle is just chilling chilling
like a villain getting some Sun look at
the major cuteness going on in this
picture my little family look at that
little jungle monkey in the middle
ooh cute duckies my gosh
no I want to play with your doggies no
don't go anyone no I want to play with
you talkies come on gang or so now I'm
getting close to you guys good luck
there you go just say hi say hi to the
bumpers just a Hina my blog say hi say
video wow you got in the mud alright so
we just finished and I just thought this
was funny I was looking through the
photos here we all are like our whole
family and there's Brian and then also
bags disappeared
pretty funny he often gets upset because
he's not in a lot of photos and he gets
left out and cuz he's the photographer
that just kind of happens
that's the price you pay I go yeah a
photographer you know always it's yeah
it's funny because there is and then
hey it take me to your master commas got
it to it where'd we get this babe cool
it's so cool coming on a play he's like
uh you have to ask me really do you
really have to ask me I wonder if it
flies good it's a little alien on a
little spaceship doesn't take me to your
master get oh oh I get it like master
like because aliens have masters and
dogs in it and humans have met like I'm
I'm his master maybe he wants to be
taken to his master because he wants to
take over our brains
okay well this toy is clearly a bad
influence
let me see it drop it let go whoo we
just did another picture and get this
you guys we got every one in the picture
including the heart hog and Missy's
parents dogs and they're crazy yeah I
can't believe that we did that it was
not an easy feat kamas like we I thought
we were playing playing with the alien
as he is changing Oliver's diaper in the
nursery and we're headed out to go meet
up with some friends but she's like grab
the diaper bag so I'm walking down the
stairs and I'm like I got the d-bag babe
the ticking can't get it yeah no we are
headed to dinner with some friends when
you show up
there's a possibility because she hasn't
responded so she might have forgot but
and Oh get off I was this dead I was so
close babe oh my gosh I would have been
ridiculous anyways okay so I mentioned
that it was pretty much hilarious that
the video was up for like an hour and
basically Brian was diagnosed with it
definitely appendicitis I can't really
have the most likely gallbladder yeah
nobody I feel like it I think it's
really cool because I can now look those
things up and say like maybe was that it
so you guys don't know I was feeling
pains yesterday and I never really
updated but that night it did go away
and I don't think I haven't focused on
it and so I don't think I feel it
anymore it was just so funny because
like it's it's almost worse than like
Google you know how like sick you Google
your symptoms yeah you're like what's
wrong with me and then you find out you
have like a list of like 10 different
deadly diseases that you could write
like I have this pain in my stomach and
then all of a sudden he's got a pen
decided is probably cancer and oh my
gosh it would suck if I had kidney
stones I cannot I hear that's like the
worst may never forget my dad has done a
couple of times oh my god it's not fun
he definitely he usually names them
because it's worth naming them oh you're
giving person yeah it's like a total 80s
thing to have a dreamcatcher in your car
right yeah can we get one for our car
sweet I was looking into am i cute
they're young and in love they're like
us you see definitely people watches
when we drive I people watch all the
time like we'll watch in the restaurants
as we're eating dinner I'm like
alright Missy what's the probability
that we got stood up by our friends um I
would say we're gonna study 5% chances
that we got stood up I would agree with
those odds
we need bread just keep bringing more
bread please
they're coming this is where it's at
this place has the best calamari
it seriously is like you can't compare
it to any other place okay babe so we
got our drinks we got our appetizer we
got our bread and it is 20 minutes past
the time now what's the probability that
we got stood up pretty good I think it's
pretty good I get texts here you don't
call people babe that's rude
is it rude to call people nowadays I
think so
he wants to come out and see what's
going on hey guys you want to try some
calamari no oh we actually just texted
me into like oh my gosh I'm here I'm
coming so they're coming yeah we didn't
get stood up so we just got home from
dinner and it was super delicious we had
a really good time but I just noticed
people getting really creative with the
blocks it now says or live what what
we're live or live what's the first
option no he'll change this every single
day if you don't know it smells Oliver
Alfred Z no my troubles got an orange
light that means I have to replace that
drive soon which means I'm Chad I
brought I got its face life is a vlog
are you guys little guys so cool look at
the way he's sleeping anyway I want to
go ahead and end the vlog but I wanted
to say thank you to everyone who ordered
a shirt you guys made that a huge
success
like it was insane turns out we sold out
our initial supply in like four hours
and added a ton more we had a ton of
orders coming it last minute so I'm
going to be super busy this week getting
those all sent out to you guys and I'm
really really excited about that so
thank you everyone who made that a huge
success don't forget to leave a comment
below with what you think I should do to
get Missy back for throwing cold water
on me hope you guys enjoyed the vlog hit
that thumbs up button if you did
subscribe to our channel if you haven't
already because we do videos every
single day and we will see you guys
tomorrow bye little guy started crying
so I had to show you hey hey buddy are
you awake now
you wanna see I love you okay bye guys
okay sit no karma come here Dharma I
don't want to do that one I don't know
where I am but on the side of the road
there is a man on a horse drinking a
coke see not lying
that is
