throw the clothes down I'm sure we fine
Sunday
boy they're gonna do amazing things say
good morning
I'll we just got a bathtub he did not
smell very good
he was just like spitting up a lot this
morning and so you definitely needed a
little bath
don't worry Connor I'm not gonna give
you a bath relax I'm like afraid to say
the word even to my son because of my
dog it's really weird
getting ready for the day huh get
getting ready yeah okay sure no you are
he knows I'm recording so he wants to
just be on his best behavior
like I don't want to do anything okay
they're gonna be putting me in the
comments if I do something funny or if
I'm not acting like a normal dog I'm
just gonna sit here with my nose in the
air I really like tricking like not let
him know that we're recording and show
what they what he acts like once we turn
on the camera no Karma's like a
completely different beast off camera
okay oh gosh on camera he just gives me
tons of kids where you going what are
you doing you put all your hair on him
so bad you bite it the guy's not there I
ain't got no hair to put all over you
sit sit
high-five yeah why is he so grumpy he
just not have a good day is he smiling I
know yeah is he laughing day he's going
arm Hey
okay you guys I just realized I get so
excited when I realized that I haven't
taken my multivitamin now because we
don't know I'm taking these sour gummy
adult multivitamin things and they're so
good and I just wish I don't know maybe
you guys know what what are some good
like okay like like candy that you can
eat like that isn't like really like
super bad for you
I love gummy candy I love sour gummy
candy but it's like
a lot of it's not very good for you it's
love sugar I just love sugar know what
you guys best day ever guys I was so
bummed because all I have is this much
Gatorade
barely anything and then I went in the
refrigerator
there was this I was so excited I'm so
excited for day trade she barely shouted
I struck gold
I just love Gatorade so much July our
finally woke up today yeah and he's
finally in a good mood - he's sitting
like really in a bad mood all day like
just wants to like cuddle and stuff and
now he's happy baby get up now you're
gonna be just like your daddy and want
to sleep all day huh he's like I wasn't
ready to give up he is I think just like
me in the morning yeah so it takes him
like 30 minutes
strapped know whenever I say good
morning to him he's like hi yeah sending
all of these yeah we have been difficult
it's been really difficult trying to
figure out the International shipping
but I think we did it and I think these
are all ready yep Ali's do you want to
go to Australia
oh my god going I see New South Wales
live a lot going to new South well
that's probably where you'll end up you
know I know I can't send my brother away
they make my brother here are the
packages I need to send karma sitting at
the bottom of the stairs this is the
easiest way to get them go downstairs
hmm what karma you don't like that did I
scare you boy what it's easier than
carrying it throw the clothes down I'm
sure we'll be fine
good
well babe are you okay what you do what
is up with us bringing clothes down the
stairs now that's funny you can't you
need help you need help
I like this oh you know what I do that
all the time this is the thing that
sucks okay you want to walk next to the
rail because there's a rail but look how
skinny the saris so you want to up over
here cuz there's more there but there's
no rail I'm gonna blog you going the
rest way down in case you fall oh
maintenance required means I have to set
an appointment and get actually well we
haven't had an oil change on this card
since we bought it so I guess it's about
time and actually funny story is Missy's
mom had an appointment today
to get their Priuses oil change and she
ran into one of you guys shout out to
you she said that she had her baby two
days after all of our so congratulations
that's really awesome and thank you for
being really nice to its ease mama
but that's so cool that there's actually
like bumpers like around where we live
it's like puts in effect like where you
guys all here's what I want you guys to
do today in the comments leave your city
state country wherever you are don't put
your full address you guys but I want to
go through the comments tomorrow and
just see where is everybody out where
are you watching us from there are a
couple local people there are people in
LA San Diego all over the world I would
love to get an idea so leave that in the
comments below
coming to get my keen white die buzz
look pretty good a lot of people were
confused I did a video the other day
about how to wash cloth diapers and
people were still like how do they do
that
I'm from yellow to white how do they do
that just you guys know it's the Sun
that's blazing hot thing does it it's
amazing it's like magic
it really does amaze me every single
time I do it I am NOT clean just buy you
a new one and you're already tearing it
to pieces you did
but kiss me like I'm gonna be laughs
gonna be them love me some edge Charan I
don't know that's a friend's name I
actually gifted this CD to my mom
because she's been listening to a lot of
music lady running on the treadmill and
she loves Eadie also I've got liquid
gold here and I gotta be really careful
because I'm holding a baby
vlogging and walking and try not to
spill my breast milk I'm going to
attempt yoga again tonight but this time
I'm going to try a different class um I
actually went to this teacher before and
I really liked her and so I want to try
again which means I gotta leave room
with my sister again she's just the best
auntie mostly he's good and he just ate
too huh that's why you got the hiccups I
can't ever vlog you like I hold you like
this guys look who it is it's Claire
bear hey Claire bear hi Carmen
you be nice they literally have like the
whole cliche like cat versus dog thing
it's quite funny hi thank you all ready
to go to the gym sweating from my buddy
to pick me up I got my all my stuff
packed but karma wants to play huh
jump in here Jupiter here yet so many
toys out here
got that one he's got that one he's got
that one out and that one that one that
one now and that one that one that one
what are you doing boy watch you guys be
really really still oh my gosh I cannot
believe there are actually two baby deer
do you see how still they are they're in
shock they're in shock you guys I've
caught them in their habitat and I think
it's best if I slowly slowly walk away
I just get it they're actually fake oh
my god you guys fell for the thumbs up
is he's all for that hey didn't even and
he's my mama how can I leave this thing
I'll be back in a little bit k me good
forget in candy thank you hey little guy
hey bye guys huh a little guy
keep going up with che tober you guys
and we are headed back into LA Fitness
LA Fitness that place it right it's
we're going to it's very it's a very
fancy place they serve you cheese and
wine and stuff and that guy I'm going to
go over crackers yeah crackers - yes oh
my gosh guys I just got out of yoga and
actually this was a hot yoga class so
basically what that means is the room is
like 102 degrees I don't know it's
really freaking hot in there and you do
yoga and it's crazy cool and that was
the first time I ever done it and it was
so much fun I'm definitely gonna have to
go back definitely new experience and I
gotta tell you guys I have never sweat
like doing any kind of work out I'll
stay in the sauna for like you know ten
minutes and got nothing I can never
sweat back class made me sweat beads
like I couldn't believe how much I was
sweating which is cool like I always
want to like get that stuff out of me
and like like detox and stuff and it was
just like it was really cool so I'm
really excited but I gotta get back
got you back I got a baby hey Oliver
look at your parents are back he's a big
deal you guys he's a pretty big deal
okay what'd you do was the craziest
thing you did Crazy's pose yeah do it I
want to see it I was in there so you got
to show me this oh yeah that looks
painful
woah look at that balance oh but this
was a cool one it isn't just this isn't
really that they do a deal something
okay dang look at my hot yoga wife you
guys I got I met I missed you so much
how much huh huh I just found the
coolest ones of you guys I did not know
he had this take it out I was born
awesome thank you I'm pretty awesome a
little bit this is a little bit awesome
just a little bit been like craving calm
or like all day long and only yesterday
you like begging me to fish oh my god
this place is amazing
and Brian saved up his calories he's got
three hundred thirteen hundred calories
no we're gonna go out and we're gonna
get something yummy I really want to go
see I want to see gravity so I do two
really bad but guess what it's eight
o'clock at night and I've had a baby he
sleeps but I know he does sleep it's not
that hard like to take him out this
would be our second attempt to a movie
but I wouldn't be so worried about it
just because I'm more accustomed to like
breastfeeding I feel like I'd be able to
handle it better I'm having the baby
really I would fall asleep but
everyone's are talking about gravity
like saying I was like crazy so cool you
seen it have you guys seen it leave in
the car would it though
Missy took the last of the calamari you
guys mine she's giving me the evil
I'm eating rabbit food look at it like
leaves like they're actual leaves okay
guys I've seen a lot of as seen on tv
stuff but this is probably the weirdest
one have you heard of this babe my
pillow
yeah have you felt it guaranteed the
most comfortable pillow you'll ever own
yeah but for how long uncomfortable
pillow oh it really I don't know
look it's open I want to feel it it's
just a stupid pillow
it's a stupid normal pillow you guys why
is it $60 all man babe these are
freaking in right now can you please do
that to your hair who wants to see that
in mrs. hair right now just a little
pink and blue I'd do that check it out
you're not serious are you yeah I
totally good this is his new you guys
he's like I'm gonna get you oh trying to
figure out which bottle I want to get
there's so many different kinds and a
lot of people recommended the dr.
Brown's when I talked about it in my
last update with all I'm just chillin
hang one but I don't know just look so
cool I guess nothing's complicated I
just oh no no I like yeah I really like
the man because it's the same nipple as
his pacifier so I think I'm gonna do
that one and it still has a venting
system and you know to help reduce call
against better than stuff but normally
what you do is like you find out which
one they like and then you just buy them
apart my everything man I like the nuke
- oh I like the nipple and stuff so I
don't know but I just the nipple on that
one you guys thanks the nipple
hmmm this is a dork
is he entertained he is not impressed
you're at way past your bedtime huh are
you Fanning him he's such a dork watch
out okay we that the Color Run is in
like what six days for this Saturday you
guys it's this Saturday I'm so stoked if
you're coming to the meetup that we're
having be sure that you're following my
Twitter because I'm gonna make an
announcement there at on the event page
on Facebook of where we're gonna meet
I'm gonna try and find a place to meet
beforehand and then also a place we can
go afterwards and if you didn't know
yeah we're meeting there so if you guys
want to run with me like this that's how
you run hey you guys can find the
information for that in the description
below and also I will advise to show up
early we're going to be early I think
we're gonna have to get a hotel and stay
the night before so we don't think like
Drive I like my the morning I would suck
this camera makes it like you have like
stains on your hair would mom Ashley I
think I have is you see this yeah that's
what I'm looking at I'm pretty sure
that's a spit up Spain oh it's stained
like it like stain right sure yeah no
we're sure that this shirt has like
toast it's clean yeah alright gosh I
stuck it laundry I guess alright we're
going to bed I'm exhausted tired and I
gotta watch Dexter so goodnight
oh yeah there's Missy's here this is how
Missy really wants to end the vlog I'll
see you next video bye like this video
if you did subscribe my channel if you
haven't already I'll see you guys in my
next video
hey are you literally ended every single
one of your videos
did you twerk on get your twerk on get
your twerk are you going to twerk no I
just wanted to do something cool okay
okay bye guys the u2p
this your cameras up side example thanks
s right
I'm not drunk my wife in front you guys
it's just such a lazy Sunday I want to
take another nap and I just woke up for
one I want to take a nap too on my bed
right here that's not your bed oh Jesus
