good morning are you saying good morning
to everyone you have to get really po2
ii huh
baby boy sighs hi
bolli you are world
new amazing things um today I am super
excited because I'm hoping this is the
last time I have to vlog on my camera
although I do love this camera actually
Bryan got it for me for Mother's Day I'm
gonna get a brand new one that is really
nice and all of you guys seem to really
love Bryan's new camera the quality and
hung everything's wicked in space um so
I think we're gonna go pick that up
because I got a text saying that it's
here so I'm really excited and we just
announced the winner of this cover well
it's not this cover because he just spit
up on it so I'm not gonna make you have
this one this one of the spit up people
prolly spit up you want oli spit up on
your cover
so he started fall asleep that's really
comfy though yeah he's like hey actually
karma was laying on it's like karma what
are you doing good morning you guys just
getting ready for the day baby oli we
have him positioned on that Bobby still
but he literally would like not be quiet
or go to sleep and then I turned on Of
Monsters and Men and it seems to work
he likes good music with his good me
little onesie here's a cute buddy
there's this vial in his little
spaceship he's ready to fly it's here
I'm so excited
so excited to see the color I think it's
gonna be different
hey guys this color is like a light pink
on it silver no I didn't want this
silver one
Jesus pink it's pink oh my goodness look
at the difference you guys that's crazy
yeah you like it though yeah it's really
pretty I have a new camera how do I look
can you believe this is what she used to
shoot on this is it it's going bad bad
every single
Oh time we left out that way right right
okay sorry left every single time I'm
not kidding you every single time I
order the same thing which is a
chocolate cappuccino all you guys told
me say cream base that means no coffee I
do not want coffee in my drink
I say cream base and I still get coffee
in my drink okay and they're like no
there's no coffee we made it with no
coffee I'm like yes there is there's
coffee and a why are you calling me a
letter if there is try it try it I got
my drink no coffee now we've yet to get
anything pumpkin spice I know I would
love to try them vitality I like it
I got a caramel salted caramel
Frappuccino so instead of chanting PSL
we can chant suit
oh-oh-oh-oh get a birthday cake pop and
then it's instantly a birthday actually
I'm eating this in honor of Austin and
Brittney Knoll they're the youtubers the
night Knowles go subscribe to them if
you're not subscribed to them this is
for you you guys thank you for having
your birthday so I can eat this
do that in slow motion I am I wasn't so
much no joke you guys are car so quiet
sometimes I walk away and I forget to
shut it off they need it should like
have like some sort of I don't know but
I shut the door and it's like beep beep
beep Nessie's aw hey you need to shut
the off before you go somewhere I think
it's off now yeah
sir booth oh oh oh seriously whenever we
go anywhere this kids like in an
Escalade now like you see me rollin you
look so comfortable easy buddy
spooky check out this crazy rat he's
like yeah that guy's cool looking June
what's Friday the 13th it's like the
scariest day of the year when there was
the last Friday the 13th we had I don't
know what you did proposed to me on a
Friday thinking oh my gosh she's never
gonna let that down is she can I get a
little school it's only a dollar
give me a skull for ollie no you don't
see that ollie
let it be it Missy there's a flag on the
play baby Ollie is getting a little
fussy so he needs his mama so red a red
light hurry huh go go go go go go she
did it Hey
is he okay Oh time is so funny the
things we do for our kids you guys Hey
looks like he's already better too
I know I think I was literally the red
light just helped she have to do
anything
me and Ollie are napping well I so I'm
just relaxing he's taking a nap Hey what
yes
in the bathroom okay yeah I promise you
promise you won't listen
mm-hmm really loud okay it is really
awkward that our bathroom is in our
bedroom well it's awkward for you
because you have to go to the bathroom
in our arms huh you go to the bathroom
right now not even kidding you guys I
went to go take the sheets off the bed
cuz we got to clean the sheets tonight
and Oliver he ran into the room and
jumped on he's like nope my bad
that's what's happening true story you
guys true story hey guys I have to we
have to clean the sheets can you get up
can you get up come on I'm gonna take
this shoot I'm gonna take the sheet up
do you guys see like he just rolled over
on his own
are you sleeping now come on little
buddy if I didn't know better I'd say
that you are enjoying this aren't you
oh my god me Missy what are you doing
dude you're supposed to keep that inside
your belly he also was not letting me
take the sheets off the bed I went to go
do it he jumped up on the bed and was
like uh ain't happenin you can't use him
as an excuse you have to do your
children her name is Nicole and she got
us another wet bag oh my god cuz I think
you guys know what a dilemma it is when
we have weight when we're washing our
other wet bag and then our diapers just
similarly stack up on top so now we have
another one thank you so much
I don't know why when we do diapers he
can't just like hold it oh I can use
like six hours dude when he's afraid of
you all day literally not that'd be the
D take Oh Oh chatter balls pretoria
look a different boy oh gosh okay bye
all right let's we look so pretty now we
go up little marquee cuz you're a little
monkey aren't you boy
friends like Usher with a hoodie on him
and says road trip off to Grandma's oh
now we got a road trip I would love to
go on a road trip with you where do you
want to go do you want to go to Mount
Rushmore do you want to go to the Grand
Canyon do you want to go to Disneyland
do you see how bored he is right now
Haemon this is really cool it's like a
bird like duck like wildlife thing
what is this Kermit hey is this a birdie
this is a pretty you want it get get the
part get yeah let's cougar is grilled
habla like real hunters he seems very
perplexed
what do you think Carm you like it you
want to get your ball you'll go for a
walk
where's your leash John a bath no I'm
sorry I didn't mean it I didn't mean it
we got a supertaster test from Stacey if
you guys don't know Missy is like
extremely picky like way picky like she
doesn't eat anything this is a test
strip and it has something on it and
depending on what she tastes we'll tell
her whether she is a super taste tester
so put it in your mouth okay
the whole thing ah it's on your dime I'm
not a dog you guys uh-huh how's the
paper taste that it depends on what you
think it tastes like what does it taste
no I guess it just tastes really better
E or something but it's like really
nasty my mouth and down my throat not
put it okay none of that bad just I
please are you gonna throw up no so
super chasers we'll find the paper
extremely bitter so you pretty much thud
it keeps going going through it but
you're like literally gagging it's
really gross so your super taster it's
official in keys and then I tasted it
and it tastes like nothing but it is
like nothing I don't like tasted nothing
take two of you making something for
dinner huh guacamole
please making guacamole look at this
meat you've had this meeting the slow
cooker all day it's like a looks weird
what did you buy look weird it said it
was carne asada wakisaka sauce I am so
happy I like guacamole now I used to
never like guacamole and then I got
pregnant and for some reason I craved it
which was super weird and I didn't even
like it in the first place and then I
ate it all the time maybe because you're
a super taster you can only like try
things when you're pregnant so I can be
pregnant you're gonna be eating a
buttload of stuff and you'll like it
after you no it wasn't like that check
out what I got all you guys
boys least a it's where daddy
College huh huh Destry daddy went to
college they're playing tonight I tried
to watching it but you have to have a
service provider when I don't have one
cuz we don't do TV we do YouTube and
YouTube don't livestream the Boise State
games do that he's really upset about
he's like I really want to watch them
play but my mom's watching right now and
she needed me to send her a picture of
him and this because this is what she
got him
so this is a picture we took I send that
to Graham Kay I know you're upset
because you can't watch them I'm sorry
I'm sorry I can see you got my keys this
is what you want
go look okay you gonna say yeah love you
bye
okay so I'm at Target I am shopping
again it's like every single day I don't
know yesterday and and bought milk and
now we're all looking at Cassie it was
with you I'll did it twice my god Brian
is working music butt off using to get
all these t-shirts together that we can
get those out for you guys cuz we're
really excited about it I'm not try to
stay away from the cookies only because
I already have cookies damn I can't but
don't see daddy's gonna buy you a
diamond ring if that diamond ring don't
shine you're a spoiled brat and you
don't deserve anything why am i spoiling
you cuz you weren't gonna sleep and it's
a didn't I do good job thank you okay so
as you guys might have guessed from the
title of this video we have a awesome
announcement right yes we do
what is it what is this little
announcement Missy what is a little
announcement you want to go ahead and
just tell them yes
brian has finally finished all of the
designs
oh yeah so we're gonna start selling
we're gonna take orders now you guys
it's official everything's done I've
been working on the site for a while and
I basically just added it to our tumblr
page which is really awesome you guys
can actually find it at daily bums TV
slash merch and I'll have put a little
link down at the bottom of screen and of
course the links always in the
description Macey and I are going to
actually do this 100% ourselves I made
the designs we have a local shop who's
going to be printing them and then we're
going to be shipping them out and we
actually have some really really cool
rewards for you guys so every single
person that orders a shirt I'm going to
direct message you on Twitter and after
you complete your order it's going to
take you to a page where you can click
to send a tweet I we have absolutely no
idea how many of these we're going to
order we can order like we can get like
one or maybe like 100 how many think
we're going to order babe you think
we're going to get 10 shirts Macy thinks
we're gonna sell 10 shirts prove her
wrong
uber on you guys the first 50 orders
they're gonna receive a free daily bumps
sticker
I have not designed it yet but I'm sure
that it's going to look amazing and then
the first 25 orders they can actually
special request signatures so if you
guys want us to sign them and the funny
thing is is that we're gonna have baby
Ollie and karma sign them too so if the
first 25 people if you want us to sign
your shirt then we will do that and you
can let us know in this special
instructions part after you order if you
do want us to sign and wear on the shirt
you want a society Oh a comic strip
we are gonna probably do that but
that'll probably be later this is
seriously like a test you guys cuz we
have no idea how this is gonna go like
we're shipping worldwide did I mention
we're shipping worldwide yes you sitting
there watching from Germany you you're
sitting there watching and Italy you're
sitting in there watching from Australia
we will ship you a shirt it might cost a
little bit more money but we will ship
it to you and we will make sure it's
worth your while maybe we'll throw in a
special note to all the worldwide people
because they have to pay a lot for
shipping but I don't think we're going
to sell any more than 100 shirts because
we want the first batch to sort of be
manageable a sizes range from youth
small to triple-x large so we have lots
of sizes on this is for men and women
you guys so these are really cool shirts
we kept them really cheap at about 15
bucks and
then we go into some premium v-neck wolf
designs as well
we have the hay and we have a men's
v-neck which is a dark Minton it's like
it's called a midnight navy and it's
like a cool dark vintage blue and then
we have a ladies which is on a teal the
color of this isn't really
representation it's more it's like a
greenish blue kind of like this
background it's a really sick color
though sick means good bTW let me know
in the comments what your favorite shirt
is though which one you're going to be
purchasing and hopefully you'll be one
of the first 100 to do it the future is
endless you guys there's so much we
could do so I'm just really really
excited and I'm so glad that we like
brought you guys on this journey with us
because we couldn't have done this
without you
all right guys well that's it for
today's vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it
give it a thumbs up if you did and if
you aren't subscribed to us then you can
subscribe we put out videos every single
day and yeah we'll see you guys tomorrow
but it looks pretty dang close I don't
know if ours has that little button on
it but he rocks it and look at this he's
got like his rice all lined up it's like
this is like MTV baby cribs right you
hit right here
he's got all his different strollers
he's like which one do I want to choose
I love a luxurious life I get to choose
my car seat huh
