okay so I just got back from the gym and
a ton of you keep saying to do an ice
bath so we got a ton of ice and we have
a bath going so I don't know about this
you guys look great this is just great
look what Brian Hill do
hey baby boy cuz ice hi this is all
Sunday
he's gonna do amazing things
good morning mr. Oliver is still
sleeping he was up and then he felt like
to sleep you want to say good morning
look at this you guys it is face so cute
it's so yeah thank you you have to watch
tomorrow the big all a happy family
I'm trying it Missy to make me breakfast
I'm very sore you why would I need your
breakfast how how would I make you
breakfast when you can't hold the baby
this stretch strap the baby on the karma
okay then go downstairs and make me two
eggs one yolk slice of wheat bread eight
ounces of orange juice yeah maybe I'll
just go buy you breakfast hey that's no
that won't work
oh good mr. Garr my love did cuddles he
needs a haircut he does can we take him
down to get one maybe are you gonna make
me breakfast maybe tell her to make me
breakfast you guys behind me and then
maybe tomorrow
Lois sore all right I am back in
bachelor mode apparently because missing
refuses to make me breakfast that's sore
muscles okay but I made myself some
scrambled eggs two eggs with only one
yolk and then I also I love this bacon
it's like that bacon that you just
microwave for 15 seconds it's so awesome
speaking three slices and it's only 80
calories and it's Namie see you don't
even eat turkey bacon although I do like
turkey bacon actually someone do for
breakfast and I got my little Clementine
oh my darling oh my darling you're my
darling clementine ah he's gonna gag all
he's got a gaggle you guys he's like hey
I throw up on that rag it is diaper duty
day oh I gotta do this today not a fun
job and usually start late and then it
makes it so it's more difficult to do
carry it we just touched it because I
like to dry them in the Sun you don't
have to by the way a lot of people ask
me my cloth diaper if I don't live like
in a sunny state you don't have to do it
them to sound I just like to because one
it saves energy and to the Sun that
bleaches out any color that could be
stained onto the diaper okay I really
hate to sound like I'm whining you guys
but I am in so much pain oh it hurts the
vlog but I'm doing it I am out of the
house I am running to go pick up
stickers they're finally done and then I
can send out the last shipment of shirts
from the last order because we've been
getting a ton of orders already so I get
to put those in this is fun you guys
like I totally by the way you guys I
want you to know you don't have to buy a
shirt if you don't want to this is
totally for fun it's totally if the
people want to and we're doing this
because people wanted us to don't feel
like I'm only going to add reply you on
Twitter if you send me a picture of you
a t-shirt or anything cuz I always talk
on Twitter I oh I love to talk back to
you guys on Twitter so if you follow me
on Twitter you tweet me I'll probably
say like hey what's up you know what I
mean curve are you ready go make a video
let's go make the video alright guys I
was actually about to go do my laundry
and I was like please I can't I should
make a video on how I do my laundry so
now I'm doing a video and Brian is
finishing up packages where was down
there he's so tiny over there Brian you
look so tiny I could just just squish
you sorry fish funny actually
and um I don't know if you're wondering
but where's the baby
babies in here these girls are watching
him
they're my they're my personal
babysitters you doing okay you doing
okay I got a video to make so he's like
really fuzzy on what's wrong we did a
Love Bug like mom she's being mean
yesterday I made this bomb.com sandwich
and I'm going to show it again to you
guys today because it was so good I'm
like craving it I'm using the lose it
app for calories altogether the sandwich
is only like 440 calories and I love it
it's awesome it fits right into my diet
it's got everything I love but I use
this nature's own 100%
whole-wheat bread which is only 60
calories a slice I got my avocado
this is Boar's Head salsa Lido cookie
which is super good and super low fat
I love Havarti cheese this is only 90
calories a slice and then I do some
cilantro one tablespoon of light
mayonnaise and then that fake bacon I
showed you guys I call it fake bacon
it's real bacon it's just it's weird
that you can put it on a shelf probably
not like the healthiest thing in the
world but I'm going by calories so three
slices of this is only 80 calories and
it works perfect cilantro avocado
Havarti cheese good and then the salsa
leek don't torque Oliver gets so
confused by these things like why are
you doing nine so I know just going over
handed around realize I'm totally
watching them yeah
bah missed sandwich in the world this
thing is awesome
it's inspired by a little deli that I
used to go to when I would visit my mom
in Idaho so good and the cilantro is
just perfect it's funny because cilantro
is one of those things people either
hate or love and it's actually like
scientifically proven that people who
love cilantro they taste the cilantro
Irby flavor and the people who hate
cilantro actually tastes like a soapy
flavor not the weirdest thing ever and
it's crazy like Missy's brother actually
he tastes soap but I love the flavor
cilantro like I love like the spicy
urban flavor so let me know in the
comments you guys do you like cilantro
does it taste like soap or does it taste
like cilantro cuz I'll be really
interested to know how many people
actually think it tastes like soap
that's like the weirdest thing to me I
opened up the drapes for you that way oh
it's very bright that way we could get
some light in here let's turn it on
again the cutest thing ever watching and
watches bears
where they go they like the fear I
gained a kidney I have been totally
slacking all day today guys I just I've
actually been making a video um on my
channel about cloth diapers and so it's
actually been taking up like all day of
my time so I just keep waiting for like
the load to end I can just been slacking
anyways and okay beds not made like it's
a mess and I really don't feel like
making it even now okay so shout out to
the two random girls in the van waving
at me I am headed to the gym shake toe
board egg three you guys I am gonna take
it really easy today really need to soak
in the hot tub
Missy suggested doing an ice bath and I
just don't know if that helped but after
the gym I'm probably gonna go pick up
some fish oil because I hear that's
really good for the citric acid I guess
when you guys are working out your
muscles your muscular muscles it
releases like this oil call or this acid
called citric acid and that's what makes
them hurt so much and so I guess when
you take fish oil after your workout it
helps to sort of relieve that but it's
really unbearable I can barely pick up
Oliver I have to like hold him like in
my left arm like barely and I feel so
bad room is because she's gotta like
hold him and take care of him all day
yeah so she's probably begging me to
stop once she sees the guns though you
guys and my abs and mortar I'm gonna
real Bluff she's gonna be like oh yeah
I'm happy you did not
little blue eyes guys those are some
stinking blue eyes I don't know if
they're gonna change obviously they get
still change but I can really see that
they're gonna be like super light blue
like mine you can kind of like tell
underneath they just definitely don't
look like green or anything this is baby
cam you tell them all about it
give me a camera come here
okay okay dead go boy and kill him kiss
get much better my Kelly give me a kiss
give me a kiss give me a kiss
so just got done with my workout and I
ran into Walmart and tell me if this guy
this has ever happened to you guys but I
walked into Walmart and it was daylight
out and then I walked out and it was
dark so yeah those times where I'm like
what am I doing here I know there's
things I need to get but glad I might be
here but yeah I had a really good
workout I swam a couple laps I did
elliptical for like 10 minutes and I sat
in the sauna and the hot tub so I really
just try to take it easy but still sort
of push myself a little bit hey Missy
has an idea that you guys have been
commenting about so we're gonna put that
into effect tonight and let me just say
I'm a little bit scared everyone in the
comments I think they're pranking him
that's what I think but every one of the
comments wants Brian to take a nice bath
no I made him get ice he has to take a
nice bath tonight and I can just say
thank you guys thank you for conducting
the best prank okay so I just got back
from the gym and a ton of you keep
saying to do an ice bath so we got a ton
of ice and we have a bath going so how
about this you guys are great this is
just great look what Brian will do get
in the ice guys
all right Brian pinging it into a cold
bath right now all right
oh no sir this is not what I ordered
hold the calls really cool got ice Nick
oh I'm not too bad thank you bad put
your legs in there beginner all God has
the best impression is it's very cold
that's good hey are your muscles better
um you can't feel them Kenya is this no
people do this for voluntarily
why's Nick oh yeah roll over
we got your arms in my arms in and it's
cold it's really cold he can't I mean
his muscles aren't hurting right now
because he can't even focus on it I
didn't really okay I gotta be honest I
didn't I didn't really understand the
ice bath thing I thought it was a joke
pretty sure that they all pranked you
I'm pretty sure that there was a some
website out there that they're all
pranking you on what it's not a real
thing you guys cuz this call it's very
cool I think they were all pranking you
cuz I don't get it okay I don't know it
maybe they all were serious but I really
do think it's a joke and frozen Missy I
talked him into doing it and okay so I'm
not sure if that even did anything um
were still like freezing ah but my arms
were pretty sinking cold and red so I
feel like they were in there for a good
amount of time so I might actually just
do like a hot bath also later on tonight
apparently Missy is going to get all day
he's paying attention I have the vlog
and Mitch's in the shower she's naked yo
I want to show you guys what I got at
Walmart I don't take vitamins and I saw
this and I was like I need to start
taking a vitamin can you guess why cuz
they're sour gummies love these and like
I just think it's the funniest things
it's like if I take an adult
multivitamin in the form of a sour gummy
does it still make me an adult the
questions that life gives us you guys
but yeah these are actually really good
I had oh hey little guy how are you how
is your shower with mommy why fit fine
did you get all clean look he's like
looking at the camera like oh hey guys
how's it going all right guys we're
gonna call it a night baby Ollie's all
swaddled up hey guys yeah we got to get
up early cuz we're gonna see if we were
on Good Morning America
you guys know where are we where we on
Good Morning America did you watch it
are you gonna watch it are you excited
are you totally excited we're getting up
early how about time we getting up babes
oh that does not sound fun I don't know
I just really hope they did put our
segment in there I think would be super
cool but at the same time if they didn't
we understand things like that get cut
all the time I don't know you guys are
probably like it wasn't cut you were in
there it was awesome
but I don't know cuz I'm editing this
vlog like eight hours before it happened
huh alright guys thank you so much for
watching click like if you liked it and
we wish you guys - bye bye no picture of
you this is really cool though I'm Good
Morning America is coming into our home
and they're gonna shoot some interview
and some b-roll you guys will have to
check it out on Fridays oh and I'm gonna
try and get a video up to you guys in
the blog as well to it this is exciting
lot going on
we're not really 100% sure what we're
talking about either because we haven't
talked with the producer on the phone
yet so but we're pretty sure it's about
YouTube it's probably about YouTube
right I think you do
