all right guys Cassie's about to attempt
something super dangerous ready so
dangerous okay and action hey peewee all
raspberry oh you have to get real cured
in a second huh for bees huh doc you
wanted this all son baby
boy he's gonna do amazing things
good morning guys so today we woke up
and we were just gonna have a normal day
I was just gonna go to the gym and
probably just go to Walmart and macey
was probably just gonna like do laundry
and normal things and then Good Morning
America contacted us and they want to do
an interview
mrs. freaking actually doesn't know how
to do for me we can talk we can call the
makeup lady again to do it if you need
to yeah anyway I guess they're doing a
segment on um lie pregnancy test videos
on YouTube and they're going to be
featuring ours and so they're gonna come
and shoot some b-roll and do some
interviews with us and little Oliver I
think it'd be really cool it should be
fun oh I just can't believe that I know
it's it's quite crazy for us we are in
no way like famous or celebrities or
anything I mean we're youtubers but it's
just cool to get recognition from like a
large news network like Good Morning
America all right guys here we go
day two to 13.5 progress yesterday I was
to 14.5 and I'm to 13.5 that's one pound
we got how many more to go I don't know
you guys tell me I'm really I'm really
bad at math oMG it's such a beautiful
day here in Southern California blue
skies and green trees and black roads
and traffic you guys have to know I
tweeted this earlier but you have to
know it's like this is literally just as
exciting for us as it is for you guys we
don't take anything like this for
granted like when Missy was on the moms
view or anything like that you wake up
and you think you're gonna have like
this day and then it just gets turned
around like this you know and I don't
even know if it's gonna make it into the
show but it might end I mean that would
be really really cool for our viewers to
actually see us on there alright so I am
getting
I gotta get ready I have to get ready
because someone is coming over to our
house to film today which is just crazy
it's just crazy okay I definitely didn't
like see like things like this ever
happening and so it's like it's crazy
it's not like it's normal it's not
normal and you know I think some people
think that like oh when you get big on
YouTube you know things like just just
happened no doesn't just happen it's
crazy and I didn't want to say it's
actually gonna be on Friday morning that
actually gives you guys more time so you
guys will see this tomorrow on Thursday
and then Friday morning will be on it
would be crazy but I will say yes so you
guys know things like this always get
cut so there is always a chance that it
just doesn't make it on there or you
know for whatever reason you gotta make
sure you remember that is that nothing
is guaranteed until you see it on the
television but I do hope it makes it
that'd be pretty cool that'd be pretty
fine huh maybe on TV yeah also it's good
because it spreads the news of YouTube
you know like we want YouTube we want
more people going to YouTube because the
kind of quality content and real content
that you find on YouTube versus
television is just it's staggering and
people need to know about YouTube
because it's changed our life it's
changed so many of our viewers lives
just watching us and watching all of our
be born and us telling our story know
about losing our sons and like getting
to where we are today it's helped so
many people I just feel like it's such
an amazing I love YouTube it's no good I
love YouTube we don't have TV we
actually have to go to Missy's aunt's
house to watch The Good Morning America
so I mean it we don't have to because
we're so obsessed with YouTube um I
gotta get my workout in today my arms
are killing me you bored look at they're
gone they're killing me you're killing
me the killing me the armband I got for
my phone doesn't fit around my arm I got
two bigger guns
alright you guys wanna take us to the
gun show click like if you want tickets
to the gun show
what up what up what up what up hey so
I've just been cleaning like crazy and
doing my hair I didn't want to do it
obviously I'm not gonna go all crazy
little curls and stuff say I figure out
what I want to wear waiting for Brian
get home I still can't believe he's not
home yet they're gonna be here very
alright guys just left J 2 at the gym I
came to the conclusion that really good
workout music is anything by Macklemore
or remixes of Lana Del Ray it's all I
listen to all running I ran two miles on
the treadmill and I actually went into a
buddy and he he lives and so he sort of
helped me out today and we did chest so
now I got a rock on a Ernest actually
I'm just super sore my arm is shaking as
I'm holding this camera cuz I'm so so
are you guys that feel so good and I got
to hurry home and she's telling me hurry
home cuz film crews gonna be there soon
hey guy hey guy you like what is all
this equipment doing in our room look at
this you guys we got Jeff we got Jeff
setting up for Good Morning America two
big lights big ol light look at this
light you guys this is like what they
used for like a huge production is this
this national TV this for real has no TV
dang look at this camera you guys okay
Missy what if when you did your bump
dates what if we set up lights like this
and a huge game like this that would be
a huge pain in the butt oh my goodness
check out this lens hollow lens Good
Morning America lens now are we gonna be
miked are we using a big boom mic my
Sonya okay each of you wireless so you
can get up and move around him cool
this is doing pictures show me your
picture right here this is really cool
though Good Morning America is coming
into our home and they're gonna shoot
some interview and some b-roll you guys
will have to check it out on Friday
though and I'm gonna try and get a video
up to you guys in the blog as well to it
this is exciting not going on we're not
really 100% sure what we're talking
about either because we haven't talked
with the producer on the phone yet so
but we're pretty sure it's about YouTube
it's probably about YouTube right I
think invited Ali's chilling with me me
during the interview look at me they're
all crowding around
even mrs. NK bed cuz she really wanted
to see it's exciting this is the hot
seat you guys
right here yeah good that middle lens
when you're right at us we were going
through some struggles trying to start a
family
a young couple both 23 and we were going
through some things and we wanted to
really share it with the world because
it was kind of sort of an unspoken thing
and so we started doing
Missi started doing like pregnancy
updates about her trying to conceive and
then it sort of grew into like okay now
I am pregnant and then it sort of
spiraled off into life okay now we just
created this huge audience who wants
more of us we were doing like weekly
videos and they wanted so much more of
us and so what we were like we know a
lot of other vloggers who do daily vlogs
and we were like let's do it I can do
this you know yeah I wanted to share
what I had been through and so I did
that and I also wanted to show the
encouraging and the fun things that can
happen which is finding out you are
pregnant they are visas or near seven
apartment we had or did a bigger look at
this cute little guy are you ready to be
filmed on that big old camera okay how
much does this thing weigh about 22
pounds
that's insane how and this way is
probably like quarter of a pound that's
crazy all the times my son
dude this guy's working hard you guys
he's gotta lug that thing around he's
got to look at our faces all day I'm
videoing us and we're sitting here with
Ollie yeah hey can you make him giggle
again like last time like he's got two
big old cameras on him now so we're
actually just sitting outside and it's
so nice and they're getting some footage
of actually us vlogging so you might see
this in the Good Morning America segment
huh guy and he's this is like the Cuse
Alfa ever babe I'm so happy you put him
in this I'm making noise he's making
noises hey those cameras are cool they
do a lot of stuff yeah they can't go
wide though you know yeah oh my gosh
sure I'm gonna show you how oh my oh
uneri I feel I'm a rocker now this thing
whoa okay now the zoom action on puts
awesome it's hot you have to focus it if
the focus yourself and you have to Irish
yourself up with the Irish oh my god but
look how wide you can go wow that's
quite is that a great white oh no it's
like compared to a 35mm camera how much
like 10 this is okay you can go really
close without its fisheye
yeah I'm literally just zooming in and
out oh my god is so great
nothing far away okay it's an amazing
could you ever do that um no this is
different it's a different channel but
it's such a cool like experience I
probably would have never
so cool okay not take it alright I got
your rule arms again today you guys so
Brian is up taking a bath I think he's
just super super sore it really sucks
for me because now I gotta hold this guy
24/7 lift it up what are you gonna do
now wait for it to like turn the other
way hey what are you doing
you didn't frisbee is it that you're all
day long and then as soon as we get out
here he's like so excited that he can't
control himself come here come here boy
come here what are you doing oh my God
look what did happen honey your hair is
literally twisted in there oh my god I
was really being forwarded hey help me
we're gonna have to cut it turn the key
we gonna cut it oh my god oh my God look
at that let me just tell you my sister
cries when she brushes her hair she just
doesn't really really not try any more
yeah I know she's always been a baby
though if you brush your hair it's just
like I even like pull my hair I don't
feel anything
yeah your friend Reid you're breaking
her hair way like the Ducks of it keep
your hair away oh my gosh that's kind of
like have you guys watched apart with
Rachel and Ross when she like goes on
the swing and she's like so pretty she's
like whoo she's so afraid her hair is
gonna get stuck oh my gosh you guys I am
so stinking sore I got my arm I can't I
can't even like this is how far I can
bend I can't even make it straight
because it's so sore it hurts so bad I
took a bath with super super hot water
and it didn't really seem to help kind
of bummed about that I don't know if
maybe I need to go sit in a hot tub or
something I don't know do you guys have
suggestions for like sore muscles leave
him in the comments if you do because I
am like filling it and I wasn't even
supposed to I wasn't supposed to do
weight training today but I ran into my
friend and he knew how to do it and so I
was like okay
I'll train with you my God my God and
then naked
okay we're being really bad influences
right now cuz kasi jumped up your enjoy
karma gargling way you can see I can do
all right guys
stunt number two cats can jump over me
oh god I'm really scared this time can
you make your - are you sure you can
land that like that that's kind of a
there any truth I'm gonna roll
oh yeah no but you're gonna roll what I
can't live in my ankle do her you're
there so
okay that worked good job
Polar's got a little bit of lip so ways
that our he gets like an hour during the
evening that he's just like upset and
then he usually takes a bath and then
goes right to sleep and he had like my
lip really hard he was like pulling it I
didn't ever show you guys my sweet new
run KITT oh okay hey he's like look at
me pay attention to me oh you guys I can
barely hold the camera I don't want to
complain but I'm in a lot of pain yeah I
forgot to show you guys my cool new
running shoes Walmart 20 bucks y'all but
these are pretty kick-ass and they're
red red shoes are just cool I don't know
I'm I might start buying only red shoes
you got this pin that Armand bring it
all the way in nice and tight wrap it
around get the burrito baby tuck it in
there you go you're all nice and tucked
in you guys don't know I am the master i
swaddling i did a video on a vincey's
channel if you haven't seen it you
should go on to pants are on the ground
pants on you can can't die on the ground
looking like a fool with your pants on
the ground
do you hear all that crowd do you hear
the crowd go out they went wild for you
boy
you're gonna be on national television
almost ten weeks and he's already on
national television you guys there you
fall asleep oh it's my big time guys I
gotta go to bed
everyone say goodnight to Oliver
everyone say goodnight to Oliver
can I go Ollie pop we love you if you
don't know we release posters on our
swag shop you can check it below in the
description so if you want to pick one
of those up you can and if you guys
didn't know we're doing a meet-up this
month at the Color Run I'm gonna be
running a 5k hopefully I'm not gonna
feel like this really excited about that
if you want to come run with me and meet
up with us links below in the
description as well cuz of my hot wife
look at her you guys sit in there
pantsless being all hot hey babe but I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
thank you for watching thumbs up because
you know you want to I think I've
already used that one what should I say
just do it please and the Good Morning
America segment will air Friday morning
it's like 7:00 to 9:00 our time I don't
know you got to figure out when Good
Morning America airs in your neck of the
woods and then just watch all about it
sedation line your neck of the woods is
oh I use your wrong show Brian alright
but that we really cool PC on as you
know we don't really know 100% if we're
gonna be on it and make it cut the
producer was pretty promising right yeah
I mean she made it seem like it was a
done deal but you just never know I mean
what if they go over on an O segment and
then they just cut ours yeah totes we
don't know but that should be super fun
to watch um yeah we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
he is twerking in the kitchen what are
you doing baby got a you got to do
that and shake your butt no do it and
take your butt you don't think you can
do it I try actually
good oh it takes a lot of like but hip
muscles he's hard trance guy oh my god
you doubt it you got it
