thankee I still can't get over how
bananas Niki's and bananas Merkers and
banana monkeys and bananas monkeys and
bananas
it's like is it so weird
baby boy hi
his awesome bowling
you are old
new amazing things someone's got a poopy
diaper dish morning don't you boys hey
guy
I've been trying to do more raspberries
with him but I just don't know if he's
digging them as much as he was high
wakey-wakey
he's the high Scott
Oh big is like hold up what are you
doing to my belly you need to swim we're
gonna put a little froggy diaper is this
the last clean diaper we have babe
empty I guess we have a few look at this
you guys at the bottom of our stairs we
have these little nook things and
there's a nook thing above that one and
it has Missy's shorts look at it those
are shorts funny thing too is I hate
those shorts
they're like ratty and dirty and old I
think she's had him since she was like
10 years old and she puts them on and
I'm like you what are you doing you look
homeless yeah it's usually like the most
comfortable shorts or the most
comfortable clothes are usually like the
dingy as' is that right is that how it
is for you guys let me know in the
comments
but that's so funny that they're up
there ha ha ha ok so for those of you
who don't know I instagrammed a picture
today because God Oliver was like
seriously farting it up it was
ridiculous and karma was sitting on the
bed with him and he was looking at him
like kept turning his head every single
time Oliver would fart here he hit up
and karma just be like hey stink it's
funny and so I told people like caption
caption the picture and they're actually
pretty funny oh you guys gotta read them
but some were like seriously bro
that's not cool hey someone said where's
the off button on this thing
did you somebody's I'm in crack cam but
these all day long anyways yeah you guys
got to go read these because they are so
funny and you shall see follow me on
instagram i used a beautiful mess on
this and
I got it to say toot right there this
morning Missy and I were kind of just
like taking it easy and we turned out a
movie we actually turned on Harry Potter
because Missy has not watched them all
and she still hasn't because what did
you do while we were watching it Missy
you fell asleep you fell asleep and then
I was rummaging through the closet and I
found this it's a ps2 game Harry Potter
Quidditch World Cup what you were gonna
throw us away no this is a classic this
is like one of the coolest video games
ever but it's for PlayStation 2 and I
didn't have one but yeah really I only
have like one ps2 game because I used to
be a big gamer I had ps2 ps3 and
everything and this one just hit it like
I never got rid of it and then I asked
Jimmy if you had a ps2 tu just have one
laying around and I was like sweet
I'm gonna get my Quidditch on oh yeah
this is happening so seriously so cool I
I do hate the part where you have to
play as like Hogwarts when you get to
play as the actual teams on the fast
broomsticks it's so cool go go go go go
get the Quaffle get the guava I'll get
the guava now you suck nope this is
really hard to play and vlog
got it stole it away pass it uh I'm so
close Oh got it seriously this game is
so much fun like eight years later three
years later oh my gosh you guys I have
the funniest story to tell you in the
whole wide world
it is so funny basically last night I
fed Oliver and then I woke Bryan up do a
diaper change like we always do and it
took me a few more times to try and get
him up it usually takes me a couple
times of asking him very nicely do you
want to change his diaper about thousand
times and then he'll finally get up then
so I was like Brian you want to change
his diaper you on change diaper
finally he gets up he walks to the
closet he puts on his shorts and then he
just walks out the door and I was like
what the heck and I was like holding
Oliver I'm just like waiting for him to
come back and I hear I'm like stumbled
down the stairs
and then I hear the gate open go to the
kitchen and then I hear it closed and I
hear open and closed probably like five
or six times okay okay and then all of a
sudden I hear I'm coming back up I'm
just like waiting for him to come
through that door
he comes to the door with this on his
head and carrying this yeah I'll show
you what he looks like
was daddy really that crazy last night
I seriously I remember Missy telling me
to get out of bed okay I remember that
part and then the next thing I remember
is literally standing right here in
front of this TV tray and blanket going
what am i doing I'm I slap walked and
I've never I don't think that's ever
happened before but I had no idea what I
was doing
nobody see I kissed I wish I'd followed
him I would have followed him with the
camera because I was like I should get
up right now and get the camera cuz I
just assumed he must not know what he's
doing but he probably opened up the gate
downstairs like five or six times I'm
try studying I don't even remember I
remember at all then he just comes in
with that he's like what am i doing like
I was the laughing hysterically I'm just
like you're changing all over his diaper
he's like oh yeah oh good I was like I
followed him said like where are you
take my baby see I'm starting to
sleepwalk now because I'm getting up so
much to mill the night
your daddy's weird he's like hey he's
like really is that a true story is that
a true boy
hey you talk or today you talking yeah
yeah what are you saying look Sam my
hair is too heavy guys just too much
yeah what's up say hi to all the people
Oh
always makes every time huh
it's Grandparents Day so happy
Grandparents Day to all the grandparents
out there huh hey thank you baby
pick me I'm gonna eat you any chapter
you like that that's okay
I'll meet you I'm eating a corn on the
cob if I dad it's not you do it you
gotta butter and salt me first we need
to close on for today home look papa
gasps look good we got it's a banana
super Karma okay we gotta put this away
because he's a freak about it aren't you
this is what's happening this is what's
hat it's going up on the deck damn it up
on the deck stuck now you can relax come
here come on come on it's like wait a
minute the plan of it up there
here is banana boy ah it doesn't quite
fit oh I don't even know if it's really
for a doll I mean it's got a tail hole
okay got to but it when I've got an hour
span he it's been like a net really
funny no no no actually maybe this thing
is for humans because it's got the face
that I taught the tail hole is actually
a face oh oh my god that's actually
really funny if it's you good now I can
be the
Nannan Oliver can be the monkey there
you go there you go look at this little
monkey and banana chili with the monkey
oh my gosh okay so the hilariousness
just keeps escalating and escalating we
found a outfit for ollie that we've had
for a while and so this is happening
look at this little monkey for real now
you are a little monkey and look at this
little monkey tail nothing he's got Dale
on
oh my gosh oh you love your mama with
him banana suit on huh big ears is hope
buddy he seriously looks so cuing that
baby so cute a little hair after four
years and your tail we are going out
tonight with Ali's grandparents since
it's Grandparents Day and so here is an
outfit of the night ollie edition first
of all you'll notice Oliver is using a
man pacifier with a little baby blue
with a heart outline on it and it's kind
of - this handy-dandy ma'am clip that
has no it's a whale a dolphin our
penguin but it's super cute super cool
tank top romper that says captain
adorable we went with this design
because Papa which is Ollie's grandpa
always calls him captain adorable it
also has a cool little non-working
pocket I just learned that's non-working
so that's cool to have it also has one
right there also non-working don't
really understand the point of those do
we so there you go guys
that was Ollie's outfit of the night
Grandparents Day edition
these parents are copying us well mom
walking us more likely okay seriously
guys we do not do that we're taking them
out to dinner and they're mocking our
vlogging we do not look like that you
guys we don't look like that oh we don't
look like that okay
I'm just talking to my camera that's
right so like I was saying earlier it's
Grandparents Day so we're taking my mom
and dad out for Grandparents Day and yes
this is my winner she is nursing Oliver
you were okay wait we really need to
clarify she's not I really really need
to clarify people will go crazy right
like coming here yeah so Oliver we get
cranky and so Mimi decided to hold him
and rock him and she looks like she's
taking it I think it's very confusing to
the waiter when I was nursing a few
minutes ago and now my it's pretty funny
but did you guys notice what he's
wearing wearing this captain adorable
romper and Missy was telling me how you
like to get you like to switch the name
up where is your attitude according to
his attitude as who needs a lieutenant
or she gets knocked down yeah and then
what's under that if he's really super
cranky he's private driving a dorm
private adorable okay video and then so
what is your role in this whole thing
and you're the Admiral Admiral adorable
okay there you go
Missy's been watching so much Miranda
sings lately she pretty much binge on it
for like two hours now and now she's
like she can do it really good do that
do the Miranda sings impression yeah
right yeah right yeah is that head her
back off that was really good that's why
the best one I did
do another one just saying and I do that
I do this mouth and I think if you look
at it that's so good that's really good
right every time someone says something
like hit her back home I love these
socks because they're seriously like
really slippery back a slide house they
make you better
compasses little little - all right yeah
are you ready for bed here you for Baker
you are getting big boy can't do that no
more whoo all right guys I'm gonna go in
the blog Wow Wow how do you but I hope
you guys had an awesome day I didn't
want to say thank you guys so much for
all that love and support that you gave
guys gave us today yesterday's vlog was
a little bit emotional and we are very
vulnerable and I just appreciate all you
guys being so awesome and and cool to us
in the comments I'm like really winded
we did until one day guys thumbs up for
that because I know a lot of people
don't really like the one takes a lot of
people do I think we're just gonna do
them like when we feel like it and I do
want to say happy Graham
and stay if your grandparent happy
grandparents date to my mom I love you
I'm thinking about my grandma and I miss
her let me know about your grandparents
in the comments though because like my
grandma was seriously amazing and so was
Macy's too like we had such a tight
connection I sort of grew up with her
and she taught me a lot of stuff and I
feel like she had a big part in you know
me becoming the man I am today too so
but yeah I'm sorry I keep getting all
email with you guys but I hope you guys
had a fantastic day and we will see you
tomorrow bye he would totally fit in it
huh no that's a little big bitch no but
when he's two months old when it's
Halloween you cannot tell me you don't
want any wear bit I think it's a great
costume yes it might it might be a
little hot for him in California though
Oliver what do you want to be for
Halloween your first Halloween
