on the treetop I think you're pretty the
other 100 she had heard I got this idea
for the Danny Bahat YouTube he's gonna
get a new boy don't get it teeny tiny in
the laundry basket keep like see the
moon fit did you guys with that doodads
are the best oh my gosh that's so funny
Navy boys long time
he's our son baby
amazing things shake up morning Oliver
say good morning miss you know one of
these mornings he's actually gonna say
good morning we're just waiting for that
time Shay I'm six weeks old today I'm
six weeks out today hey he's gonna say
that too what he's gonna be older than
six weeks imma eat your belly ah
my joy ah some of you may know and say
some may not know Brian had mentioned
yesterday that today was going to be
kind of a harder day um and the reason
is is that today marks one year since we
lost Gabriel so for those of you who
don't know who Gabriel is I had a
stillbirth on September 7th 2012 it's
been a whole year now and it's today's
you know just one of those days that
just can't wait for it to get over I
guess luckily I have all over here and I
get to love him extra hard today and be
extra thankful that he's here but it's
also a day to like kind of remember and
say yeah but it's an interesting because
last year this time I was pregnant with
another little boy it's also day to just
kind of remember um you know who we lost
and they probably is gonna be one of
those days where I don't vlog a lot and
I probably won't be responding you a lot
of things and instagramming or anything
like that smell it on me yeah everyone
has that day and we try and we are
really positive people and so this isn't
a day where I'm gonna be mourning or
anything it's just a day to remember and
just not as you know don't forget be
thankful for what we do have which is
this beautiful miracle and oh I'm lucky
that I get to hold him today even though
today so hard I get to hold this little
baby it would have been a lot harder
yeah if we didn't have Oliver I think it
would be even more aching every day you
guys I am so addicted to yogurt now this
is
my second one and I found I had a
strawberry banana and then I have
another my last one is Boston cream pie
I don't know I normally don't like
yogurt but it just it's so Namie
maybe I'm just like my taste buds are
growing up and I'm going to start liking
adult things
Shh sleeping and shirt says argh
change me buddy okay by the way hi you
need to do this I've had this here for
like four days now I don't know if you
guys have noticed it but it's a pile of
trash I have until him take it down for
like ever
okay yeah take it down and there's also
trash in the bathroom this isn't even
hashtag stuff anymore stuff in it this
is hashtag man life yeah I've literally
been like stuffing that thing down I'm
like I keep staying here again I wonder
when Brian's gonna take the trash out
hinting that he should get why say
anything or respond cuz it's usually
pretty like clear indication that I'm
listening it's taken baby to Babies R Us
and we have to kill him with our hand
right now he would totally fit in it huh
no that's a little big babe no but when
he's two months old when it's Halloween
okay you cannot tell me you don't want
him to wear this I I think it's a great
costume yes it might it might be a
little hot for him in California though
Oliver what do you wanna be for
Halloween your first Halloween okay
Muniz will leave you six weeks
today's sweets all my little babies or
not look what we found mommy hug even
thinking about getting one of these for
a while oh I'm sorry am i boring you
it's super durable super big it'll carry
what I mean yes it just seemed so big
and bulky like no I don't just fall to
the side you don't even notice a if
you're not using it
no there's so much stuff you can buy so
much stuff we hold that for us thank you
I'm gonna buy this too because it's so
cool good right now he's got his toys in
the bathtub and I know he doesn't use
them but it's cute because we get to
take baths with his toys yeah Oh Lena's
gonna be using toys pretty soon so yeah
they'll have lots of toys in there this
is really cool because you can like
scoop up all the toys and then just
stick it up and then hang it up Booya
Missi splurging a little and Babies R Us
I'm gonna let her I love babies are too
big what are you doing so cute but it's
too big for him still a little hot and
it's my day oh Sh one yeah these are
like the fancy rich people baby clothes
Luka baby you can't even get a pup that
kit so you can teach him how to like
care for animals and comes with a dirty
inside because it's so cute Oh oh my
gosh it's a little pocket square he was
born with no head no arms and no legs
sad day
we got one that had them all so we were
like okay I'll take him
Missi went to the bathroom and it's kind
of funny because she actually left her
phone she mentioned it earlier today but
she's actually she brought her phone but
she literally hasn't unlocked it since
this morning so she has tons of stuff
and I'm sure everyone's talking about
today and I think she wants to be sad in
her own right when she wants to be
instead of having to look at her phone
and constantly feel it all day you know
what I mean after we're done here we're
gonna grab some lunch and go to the lake
and do something a little bit special
with all of her and just celebrate him
today
my baby say can you please get other
stuff off me actually he doesn't even
mind that we're using him as a shopping
cart leg I'll stop I love the girl stuff
look at that she can spin it spin it
spin spoons lets me oh I got the light
to go brighter all that poor little
pirate look at the duckies what this
kind of looked like an Oreo cookie huh
and she's teasing the Ducks there's
nothing there you're gonna get you babe
we are at a little park that actually
has this big ol lake gonna find the spot
to sit sleeping soundly you didn't sleep
for it a lot of time huh we've marked
our territory but the Ducks have come
that's right it's our space go on keep
walking I'm gonna sleep the whole time
that's cool with me
he's like ooh a picnic those are the
best shoo shoo shoo shoo shoo this
delicious Jersey Mike sub is ours nachos
go find some other picnic to crash
seriously go they're scary babe those
beats are huge
oh no he's not working out you guys come
on
Go Go
got their mean I'm being nice they're
just trying to Mack on our sub got dry
spittle on him I just use my finger
that's how you know you're to mom you
guys just had lunch out in front of the
lake and those guys are still still on
our tail waiting for something but it's
a beautiful day here as you can see we
got a balloon
it's a supposed to be like a baby blue
balloon but they ran out and so I got
this color of course we're famous for
this color essentially it's like the
color of everything in our life right
now and I brought a sharpie and I think
we're just gonna write some stuff on it
and let it go and honor of Gabriel the
sudden we lost a year ago today so it's
kind of just a really peaceful place and
just gonna spend this time and sort of
try and remember him and let the balloon
go so we just wrote some just some short
messages is that we wanted to say and
now we're gonna just let it go and the
computer for it is right now it's really
nice out right now have you gonna pray
what I pay you just bring peace to those
that are here and you calm our hearts
Lord and just show us that good can come
from things like this and we thank you
for what you've done with Gabriel short
life and the love that you've shown that
we're capable of and thank you for
Oliver because he's perfect and we love
Him
and we'll always love Gabriel
it's just something I think that we'll
never forget and I think it's something
that we don't want to forget I think
today is not like a dated spell on his
death but they dwell on what he's what
his small life has done yeah to
celebrate our new life I mean look at
all the lives that he's touched mm-hmm
it wasn't for him when you start at
YouTube yeah we wouldn't even be where
we are today or have met people that
we've met today and have gotten the
messages that we've received from from
our viewers and stuff like that and
that's really important to us yeah I
think I said it like in my that I what I
always wanted like there to be like a
purpose or I just wanted something good
to come out of this really bad thing
that happened I think something's good
did happen this guy's just basking in
the Sun know where we see him so much
and I think so much more because we know
what it's like to lose even when he's
cranky like this we love him
hi guy look at this you guys the Sun
just came out it's been like cloudy dark
all day and now it's starting to get hot
look at this you guys we're leaving and
they're like no don't leave they're like
we had so much fun tormenting you this
guy's like stop playing on the Ducks and
take me home let me see Who am I um
Oliver yeah I'm gonna make cookies
cookies we'd never go wrong with cookies
and I'm going to use um it everyone
keeps asking me what recipe I use I use
the Toll House recipe no no no it's not
tool house it's Nestle Tom who's
yesterday two houses oh my it's my
grandma's recipe I'm just kidding I'm in
this lace yeah
but he's asked me I just use the back of
the Toll House cookie thing Oh
he was not happy a few minutes go and
then he passed out yay folk man were you
gonna do bad guy this little monkey the
Feliz spit of you have oh yeah I'm look
at you dad I'm Carl I'm current but er
brown sugar sugar mix it up okay I can
do it mix it up big smash oh my gosh
alright I'm sorry I'm trying to end
totally just threw off your thing okay
got egg all over me guys
vanilla more vanilla because you can
never go wrong so our secret ingredient
just kidding it's just salt the best
part chocolate chips and now I have to
decide whether to make cookies or just
eat it when you think Chris yep it do i
tatted you up homie
now you a fish what what is it it's just
a smiley face okay I wanted to show you
guys something
this is actually his footprints so he
weighed six ounce ounces he was 9 inches
long and these are his little feet look
at that you guys how amazing is that
like I every time I look at that it just
makes it so much more real you know
those are little feet so I don't want to
like bomb any of you guys out or
anything but I just this is just such an
amazing thing and I don't think a lot of
people see this or would be willing to
show something like this I figured that
you guys should see it hard to believe
that was a year ago alright guys I'm
going to go ahead and end the vlog baby
holy still health this is a cute thing I
did want to say that it's kind of
different when you're on YouTube
obviously this is our YouTube blog it's
confusing because when you're not sure
how to sort of act on days like this
this is a sort of a different day and so
I know people sort of expect us to act a
certain way the day it was definitely
kind of a confusing day for us but I
will say that when we were out by the
lake we were very real that's hard
because you're making yourself really
really vulnerable on YouTube
I think we've done that a lot with our
draw my life and our all our other
videos that we've done we've were pretty
good at making ourselves vulnerable but
I just wanted you guys you know to know
that today was not like a bad day or
like a sad day it was a good day I just
wanted to sort of portray that to you
guys that today is a happy day and and I
want the comments to be happy I don't
want people to be sad or upset or
anything like that because we really are
happy people you know what I mean so
here's what I want you guys to do right
now I want you to flood the comments
with just happiness and positivity any
what makes you happy right one thing
that makes you happy and leave it in the
comments I just want the comments to be
like a really positive place so just
spam all your happiness down there but
anyway thank you guys so much for all
you know all your love and support I got
a ton of tweets today and I totally
appreciate it but as always we will see
you guys tomorrow hello
