Lizzy hello baby boy
he's on baby
you have rolled
amazing things good morning everyone we
are getting ready for the day I chose up
anything I was a long night Oliver was
actually pretty fussy he's been doing so
good at night he is almost to the point
of sleeping through the night and he
just last night was not letting it
happen he just wanted to be up on me as
you know Brian's taking a shower and
singing Oliver seems quite annoyed
you're getting weird
he's so weird there now he's happy help
huh you just have to be held by your
mama he's not necessarily like a fussy
baby I say saucy but really he's like a
noisy baby he's more just like the kind
of baby that just likes to talk and
that's his way of expressing himself
isn't it I want to be held and so I'm
going to make sure you know it are you
tired
we both had a long night huh oh hey guys
I am gonna make me some breakfast hey
carb good now make me some eggs for be
fast oh here's a joke for you guys how
does a promiscuous woman like her eggs
in the morning unfertilized get it
anyway yeah gonna make me some eggs and
actually yesterday we went to the stall
and I got some yogurt and a blueberry
Boston cream pot Boston cream pie calm I
got Boston cream pie yogurt but I think
I'm gonna try that blue beret Simon eats
and blueberry yogurt and some scrambled
eggs toast fail take two
oh yeah make toast what up and found
this blue berry Jean yeah I guess I'm
like on a blueberry cake I just I love
blueberries I love them want anything
you know that cliche they sing they say
that breakfast is the most important
meal of the day well it really is
breakfast is Oh karma this is not your
breakfast go
go lay down go you had your breakfast
breakfast really is the most important
today it's hard for me because I do not
like breakfast I have to train myself to
get up and eat and really you're
supposed to eat within the first hour
that you wake up to maximize your
metabolism so that's really hard to
because I usually takes me like a long
time to get up I just started liking
yogurt I'm not allowed to eat this
around Missy because she hates like she
hates yogurt obviously because she's
super picky but it's got like a weird
texture to her and she hates the smell
so I'm not allowed to eat this amazing
blueberry yogurt around her this is not
your food I said go they do
where'd of the day is Rawal is that a
real word you guys is that's a real word
put the description or put the
definition in it in the comment below
that's really weird Rahul mama bears
taking a nap so I'm gonna still baby cub
huh
let's until you go downstairs okay well
go on an adventure down here okay okay
don't look at the block so they're
supposed to say your name but they don't
I don't know why they don't ever say
your name come and look it's your BFF
Karma's BFF is this little guy huh you
want give him kisses give him kisses cuz
it's me there you go give him little
kisses cuz you guys are BFFs okay so I'm
up for my nap I was like really really
exhausted although I still am and could
definitely take a longer nap but all of
it is just so particular together moving
on the word particulate myself uh see
let's go see cranky let's say particular
dish wants a certain position and a
certain thickness it's just he's like
he's very he's always been a particular
baby someone said in the comments they
were like boys tend to be more fussier
than girls cuz they're practicing
becoming um I know it's interesting
because yeah the cases like he will not
lay a certain way if he doesn't like
that position he will let you know and
as soon as you find this position he's
just do not move do not move but now he
hate you has a clean diaper on
there is no reason really no excuses
no excuses okay it says Garmin's BFF
it's so cute and on the butt it has a
little pop right oh yeah I did show them
this I have shown the popper
oh yeah so O'Neill you know what karma
did city huh hey if you guys didn't see
yesterday's intro and yesterday's vlog
you need to go watch it now because it's
hilarious everyone's like freaking out
about it I'm pretty sure everyone's
gonna notice this little yeah I got Ken
totally like jinxed me when he came to
visit and now I started hearing at
little spots cuz Rosalyn she throws OH
she spits up so much all the time
and I mean it's pretty gnarly too and so
we were like oh Oliver never spits out
it's so nice he's such a good baby yeah
and then BAM Missy is wearing her holey
pants so you know what the best thing to
do for that is fill it in with a black
sharpie this is happening seriously babe
this is what you do
you can tell I think oh my god you can
totally tell that's what I always heard
you do is you fill it in with marki I
don't know you did it this you guys I'm
going up 40 because the speed limit is
40 I just hung up the little monkey sign
this is caution baby inside and then
this guy wants to tailgate me he thinks
that's gonna get me to go faster when I
have a baby inside oh look I really
pissed him off like I'm gonna go that
way people in California are really
crazy drivers I'm a baby in the back and
I just put the sign up this has
cautioned baby inside they want to take
a little monkey do it so cute all right
I think we got our new camera that he
bought without price my promotion hey
I'm not really mad oh okay okay let's
see it I'm looking it's like a real life
on unbox I know we're getting really
nerdy here right now is it you didn't
get a green one no they didn't have
green but this is very similar it is
very similar except it's got a
microphone on the front which will see
how the audio sounds yeah you guys don't
have to tell us if it's because right
now our mics are on the top and so
sometimes like you'll hear wind and also
we tend to sometimes accidentally cover
them well me son has no buttons on it
because it's all touchscreen touchscreen
I mean it's probably not like a super
good touchscreen but I'm sure to be fine
but the really cool thing it does have
Wi-Fi so if I take a picture on here and
we're on about I can send it to my phone
and damn it that's pretty cool oh so I'm
recording with my new camera
how's it look it actually looks really
good do I look good in it you look very
good and we'll see how I look and sound
cuz we don't really know if I know this
is like the new the first thing I've
ever shot with my new camera so we'll
see if it is any better if it's not then
I'll just take this thing back is this
normal for the back of your car as a new
pair to just start turning into like
mayhem
I feel like we need to clean this out
ain't nobody got time for that so what
is the audio sound like and now does it
still sound muffled because wind filters
on so we'll see if this sounds better or
if it sounds muffled I don't even know
what is how effects I'm not near my
computer look at this you guys hollowing
dog outfits what could he be uh-huh he
could be a rougher re I think you should
be what like you should somehow worked
with all these we haven't decided what
Oliver's gonna be by the way even if
he's if you say it Harry Potter oh if I
even say monkey Harry Potter then what
can karma be Oliver can be Hagrid
what's the elf thing called Dappy don't
be Missy there are some times when I am
just ashamed to be your head
Dobby he's not Dobby the house-elf hi
Fran into that car you can watch the
movies okay shame so we're in target and
she's getting really excited about
laundry detergent you guys hash tag mom
life right how about this cool stuff
seventh generation
it's like it's not sixth generation its
seventh generation whoa this comes in a
weird bottle let's get it make us look
like hippies I should let me know if
you've used seven generation four cloth
diapers and tell me how it works
oh my gosh Missy that was so
embarrassing I just I just got out of
the bathroom to change him and he's
literally laying there and like farting
up a storm and all these like teenager
boys are like walking in and he's like
I'm like oh whoa it just kept coming I
didn't understand it okay this is how
much of a pro Missy is right now she's
breastfeeding right now while walking
through Target okay that I've heard a
story where Heidi Kim was breastfeeding
and you think taking her shopping cart
and like walking around really that
takes skill like way older than and way
heavier than
him at this point there that skill I
don't know about this that's so funny
he's like farting and burping and like
making noises all at once it's so funny
like it now she's texting and
breastfeeding at the same time
oh it and shopping that's like a lot of
multitasking babe hair getting in your
face alright so you just let us target
and actually bought some makeup I
committed to a purchase and I went with
it and look at their clothes here and I
can always what's a walking by the clone
mommy's trying on clothes and we're just
relaxing rocking out to this song I
could I don't that was probably really
bad fat huh oh good quote hope good
sports PHP SL
because it's pumpkin spice latte see the
latte you get a pumpkin spice
Frappuccino yeah I guess so why you just
yes I don't know because it sounds
better for yourself it sort of had
something isn't coffee - guys I bet
you're dying to know what the new word
is the new word is this was this is
definitely a creative word and it's
something my brother came up with so
here we go the new word is violet he
said he had to improvise with the Ken to
make this block a tea so a new word for
today is violet so I'm totally bummed
you guys cuz I just got home and I
slipped the SD card from my new camera
into the computer to check out how the
video was I'm on my old camera right now
but the sound is so muffled you guys
probably noticed with the clips I put in
the vlog the sound is like way muffled
and totally like not usable that is not
cool for me so probably already had a
ton of people who are like I don't like
the sound the sound is muffled I'm just
I'm literally predicting the future
right now but I don't think this is
gonna work and I'm so sad because I
really like the nice big screen the
touch screen is actually really fun and
easy to use and and I just got it I
don't care you know I don't worry
stupid stupid do it can do it can I
don't like it the thing is too is like
my hand is programmed to know where the
on/off button is on this camera without
looking where the record button is
without looking and to know how to focus
without looking at it so I can literally
like pull this camera pull my new old
camera out of my pocket turn it on focus
and start recording within like one
second and with this camera is so clunky
and big and the buttons are smaller and
the record button is a touch screen no I
can't I have to hit that little record
button i oliver will have already been
done smash yeah he would have already
done the cute thing that i needed to
record so that's way more important so
um I don't think this camera is gonna
work which I'm super bummed about and
I'm just going to order a new version of
these you win some and you lose some I
guess huh today I lost some boom oh ooh
ooh oh it's a baby workout it's good
friend
oof oof oof oof
usually it actually makes him fart ooh
you're gonna release any good farts
there see stuff and fluff dude seriously
you were totally fine and quiet before I
was recording and now you're like like
oh you they need to know me as the fuzzy
baby you're not a fussy baby so just
relax please
thank you stuff that fluff stuff that
stuff huh what what stuff that fluff
all right guys Oliver's getting sleepy
so I'm going to go ahead and end the
vlog I didn't want to say tomorrow might
be a little rough for us so please
appreciate if you guys were praying for
us especially Missy but you know I hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog give it a big
ol thumbs up for Missy walking around
target while breastfeeding
I was pretty epic she surprises me every
day just how amazing of a mom she is
that's all for today though guys I'm
using Missy's camera because I'm sukima
her mom I'm excited for a new camera
again and I'm a little bummed that my
other one didn't work out but whatever
um it's easy fix anyway okay guys
enjoyed the vlog and we will see you
tomorrow
oh look at me I'm gonna go touch the box
yeah let's see you get closer okay
