I know
baby boy hi
baby
you are way
do amazing things
good morning guys
how about that intro huh I was just like
I was playing with Oliver on the bed and
he had his butt in the air and I was
like look at that big baby butt and it
made me think of that scene from Finding
Nemo which I love and my mom loves
Finding Nemo - so mom that was kind of
for you
but if you guys like the intro give this
blog a big ol thumbs up because we got
more exciting things coming this again
do we do this everyday
really I thought you were kidding the
first time I've heard that a little bit
of a smile
got some lullaby music on for baby Ollie
he's like oh yeah that's my jam what's
up give me some twinkle twinkle little
star yo oh love that track I love my new
haircut now you guys cuz I literally I
just get it a little wet and then just
throw a little bit of my hair wax in it
I use like this ruffit putty by Gagne
and then it looks cool I think I look
more like a dad when it's longer or with
a shorter huh hashtag dad live what up
mrs. getting all purty
today's word is oiler I still wear
whatever my dad gets home that's when it
changes it is the weirdest thing
what should I change it to Russ I love
you courage you do that one I love you I
love you I'm putting baby Olly in the
car right now and his positive R is
glowing in the dark that's so cool
you're such a cool hipster baby yeah
it's like oh yeah you're still in there
show you guys
I've been wearing this little bracelet
for a few days and it's actually a kick
counter bracelet it's got these little
feet on it and you move it across every
time you feel your baby tip obviously
I'm not pregnant anymore so have been
using it to keep track of which boob I
lost that off of working pretty good the
only problem is that I tend to play with
it so sometimes I get ready to feed him
and like wait I get I thought I already
did that one did that side because I
even like switching around when I'm not
supposed to be so that's kind of the bad
car just like I tend to play with it I
don't know I don't know if it's really
working but it's cool okay I know I get
to wear a crazy little bracelet and I'm
really bad with jewelry so don't I don't
wear a lot of jewelry I remember that
necklace I bought her when I was in San
Diego she's not wearing it yeah I'm not
wears it
I am obsessed with Freebirds you guys
this cannot be healthy but actually it's
a lot healthier than eating crappy fast
food and what's cool about three versus
the burritos like fill me up I feel full
horror
superloft look at this it's like coming
out at the seams you guys yeah Holly you
want something that's not my burrito
buddy
that was amazing do you see that
it just like disappeared and look at
they have these little sculptures like I
showed you the other day it's a cool
like little mining thing wearing the B
is where in the V you look stylish Buddy
Holly just let out like a huge burp and
he's in the middle of eating that was
quite funny they look it I know it's
throwback Thursday and I just put up
this picture and it's me and baby Ollie
like the first time I held him look how
small he is he has gotten a little
bigger
it's just crazy these are like pictures
that I never even really looked at
because we just took them you know I
cannot believe that it's been like
almost six weeks why Sir there's a cart
in the nursing room is that in case we
forgot our stroller we could just like
lame in the bottom of the car I love our
little 93 max it's so cool just like
Daddy huh you're just like Daddy baby
all you likes this song you gonna watch
it
thank Katy Perry's hat no not a lovey it
was just a little spittle I seem to be
obsessed with this store like every time
I I get to go to this store I get all
excited I wish I could buy like
everything so have another wet bag I
really I don't have one wet bag it
really makes it very convenient for days
when I do laundry also wanting to buy
some gripe water I think I've told you
guys like he does a little bit of
grunting it's not like terrible but it's
just like and I'm wondering if gripe
water would work I don't know if that's
what it is or you know it's great water
helps with like gas and upset tummies
and stuff like that so look for some
gripe water - good all the fluffy fluffy
fluffy fluffy found this color I really
like this color this color actually
matches the theme of like our banner and
the colors that we use for the vlog it's
a cool huh probably but be nice to just
add some every now and then you know
what I mean
are we allowed to put I never know like
can we set things in his stroller I was
like a cart always afraid things are
gonna like get left behind and then we
steal and then we have bad karma coming
our way and you know when karma is bad
and he runs after you and bites you in
the butt I found it and I also have
heard that bran is actually really good
we're gonna try it and see if that helps
with your thumb penis definitely using
our baby as a shopping cart right now
no it wasn't this is a bad baby that's
pretty dope this is nicer than our bed
I'm gonna test out some bassinets with
this how do you like this one or this
one you like this one whoa or this one
this one's pretty cool this one huh
this one's got a Romo ollie this one's
cool now changing tables you like this
one what about that one
or this one or that one you like that
one better I'm gonna go out on a limb
here and say that that is probably not a
safe place to put your baby
one day we're gonna have one of these
and our new babies are going here and
here but but when this is having some
trouble in the bathroom hey what
happened in there no what happened you
wouldn't even in there that long you
been in your way too long this is a
funny babe oh my gosh can you believe
that baby Olli is he okay I can't really
he was he is this is a very
uncomfortable position for my arm right
yeah this guy's it's been so miserably
hot these days we just got back to the
car the cars been sitting in shade sheet
so it's not just sitting in the beating
Sun okay this is the temperature 104
what's like ridiculously high okay the
thing in about California early in
Southern California is that it's
supposed to like cool off at night it's
supposed to be 100 degrees in the day
and then like 80 no it suppose me like
75 70 at night and lately it has not
been a miserably terrible no no I'm like
maybe it won't be so bad if we visit
Heidi in areas yeah it's only ten degree
difference and what we're dealing with
now I will say that really our heat
only a couple months out of the year and
then the rest you have a beautiful
amazing perfect color October October 2
today is like perfect weather like 75 80
and it's beautiful
yeah and so we just gotta get through
these terrible days these terrible
months and really this hasn't been a bad
month bad summer just got out of the
bank check out Missy chillin with her
feet up on the dashboard you look comfy
you always know I'm coming because the
music starts playing it always gives me
away it's good you yeah cuz when I get
into the car my Prius automatically
detects my phone and so it starts
playing music like automatically so I
always try and sneak up on Missy but she
always knows that when the music starts
I'm coming up close so he can't really
hello
so we went by the post office box and we
got lots of goodies to show you guys and
we got this amazing gift it's a cross
stitch she asked me not to share her
name so I won't go ahead and do that but
this is just so cool look at the detail
on this you guys it's not insane yeah
that's so cool we also got a package
from Caitlyn and she sent a really cool
pal set and it says Oliver on it's me
yeah it's really actually I kind of okay
let's open it it's like a hoodie no oh
my god so cool I could see him like I
was like a kid using something like this
you know it's really cool boats Oh
bowtie ones this oh go she even gave us
a cool whole diaper bag goes all this
awesome stuff and I can't stop texting
that's so funny
today yeah chicks are all over me that's
good oh my gosh she spoiled us it just
stuff keeps coming in it's like the
magical diaper bag of goodies look at
Oliver chilling on antique I see Oh what
is this Superman outfit
every time you move like just a little
bit he goes dad never don't breathe he's
like you or my bed now you took up this
position and you need to commit to it oh
hey mama what you doing
karma Oh Karma's like I know I got a toy
karma he's like where is it you guys
hiding it in one of these boxes papa
karma it's a Putin Barkley little
squirrel you want it what oh my gosh you
guys look at this super baby super duper
Ollie pop I'm loving your outfit dude
and I'm loving your cape although don't
you know the first rule about being a
superhero is you don't wear capes
because they get caught on things and
then you die like that when I blow on
them
hike I'm blowing you okay obviously he
needs a super new name you guys need to
leave in the comments what is baby all
these superhero named Superman he's not
just Superman super baby he's a super
cool all the superpower thing what would
a superpower be also you guys okay or is
out this is just you like who's not
happy right now
this kid is boiled look at all this
stuff and he's still not happy put a
good off fresh cloth diaper on this
gorgeous little boy hi
you got some stuff on you I got you I
got you boy look at his belly button you
guys it's the weirdest thing ever it's
like it I think he's gonna have an Audi
what do you guys think below the surface
right there
you're always being him smile is weird
oh boy like we don't have clothes on him
he's so much happier and when I go to
change his diaper as soon as I take his
diaper off
he's like calm he's like God loves his
diaper off we thought it was gonna be a
never-nude but now maybe he's gonna be a
nudist she's like I'm very comfortable
with no clothes on thank you it's so
cute when he's like this he wants to
lift his head up and look around and
chat with us he's like hey he's so good
with his head you see that hey he's no
cow the Karma got a new toy today look
good someone got you a toy okay we're
gonna stop with the broken frisbee that
doesn't even fly right it literally just
like flies into the trees so let's play
with this thing okay okay ready right
yeah bring it back
it loves squeaker toys don't ya speaker
toys are the best excuse me was that
well when he started prancing around and
jumping up and down
yeah baby all he loves bad boy he's got
a little floaty toys which we played
with this morning and had a ton of fun
so fresh so clean so fresh so clean huh
he's even got his Finding Nemo hooded
towel which is kind of funny because we
were playing Finding Nemo for you this
morning remember remember when we were
playing Finding Nemo with your butt
haha alright guys I hope you enjoyed the
vlog I'm gonna go ahead and end it now
if you haven't seen Missy's gonna be
putting up her video with Heidi Kim
today on her channel a little more
personal
Missy talks a little bit about some
things she hasn't really talked about
before in detail about the stillbirth
that we had with gabriel to meet heidi
and sort of hear her story and so it's a
really cool video I put together really
digs in deep into the whole sort of
situation so I'm gonna check that out
I'll put a link in the description so
you guys can see it when it is live as
always we will see you guys tomorrow
thank you for watching and subscribing
and commenting and we love you guys we
love all the support you give us or for
you tomorrow
because we do this every day do you guys
know we do this every day this your
first time watching we do this every day
so click Subscribe alright we'll see you
guys later bye Bobby here so I don't
know if you guys maybe hear me but I'm
officially talking if you guys don't
know what I'm like when I'm shopping
it's basically I don't know what I'm
doing I don't know what I'm longer and
this is a teenybopper store but I want
something super cute super stylish
it is not like this so I'm really bad at
shopping and I'm also really bad at me
