you guys know how on Magic Mike when all
the guys like ripped their clothes off
well I think Oliver wants to wants to be
a magic Michael gay you gonna be little
stripper huh
is it cold are you doing here change
diaper for me this is our son baby
boy he's going to do amazing things
today we are going to Ali's next
doctor's visit he's two months old I
don't think had an appointment since
when
this is two week appointment it's a two
week appointment so he's gonna look over
you real good make sure oh we got to
choose which one you want to rock which
one you want to rock today you want to
do the Lamborghini or the Mercedes which
one Boyle which one okay if you could
sit in there great that beat
there we go okay father of the year
right there huh I always know when Missy
drove last because she doesn't pull up
very much and so I have to like squeeze
to get over and then also the seat is
like all the way up cuz you're shorty
make short short huh we are headed to
all these appointment and I don't know
if you guys notice but I'm wearing
sunglasses yeah where'd you get those
these are my sisters
um no I'm pretty much known for stealing
everyone's sunglasses but I just
couldn't pass it up I'm wearing mint um
pants today and these are like cute that
is so cool they're like the same style
as these I know steal all the time
exactly at solar super Q and Casio you
Instagram to picture them and someone
even said like I wouldn't be surprised
if I see Missy in the next vlog wearing
those did so here I am I'm wearing them
and she can't stop thank you so oh my
god she's gonna be so mad if she sees
you and these I better go get my own
Missy you are addicted to Gatorade
where'd you get all these look I gave
you buy one for a dollar or nine for
five dollars nine you bought 98
what oh my gosh Missy look at a hospice
Gator HD bought last night she went to
the store to get milk and she bought a
ton of cake Missy you have an addiction
and it needs to be addressed
hey guys brette the doctors now they're
gonna poke you and prod you and squish
you and touch you is that okay okay
they're gonna look you up they're gonna
look you up okay
obviously I meant look at you gosh
it's calling me not the scariest fish in
the world it is a duty whether it feel
you like a back 11 9.5 he's getting big
12 pound youngster getting canoe all
measured buddy see how big you are how
big was the last name Oh
nineteen and a high five for 20 so
twenty three and a quarter
zing buddy think yeah that breaths monk
really works
hi hi Holly oh hey good we're gonna get
this little thing checked out we're
pretty sure it's just an umbilical
hernia um which is normal and goes away
but make sure yeah they're like does he
smile more like yes
is he vocal yes does he kick very hard
boop boop I slept poking him he likes it
just got done and he did so good I can't
believe he's Ola he's basically like
alone and a half pounds so almost well
not almost two pounds but that's that's
pretty good he's in the fiftieth
percentile so that's like super average
so anyways he did really good they did
confirm it is I'm bill for hernia but he
said it's not a big deal and hopefully
it will go away if not I'll have swapped
off surgery but I suspect it will go
away on its own
that's what most most babies they just
go away he's pretty much a perfect beaky
it's got this cool package from Ryan
what's even more cool than the stuff
that's inside the package was bubble
wrap so it covered in bubble wrap and
now we're going to do we're going to
play that scene where Ross and Chandler
are support notes it's Chandler and Joey
where they're supposed to be packing and
you're a bubble wrap around their face
and they start punching her or him okay
hold it did you feel that no oh no oh I
I don't like it I don't like this on you
that was pretty fun but I will say Thank
You Ryan to your actual gift all the
presents were lovely and karma loves
them too
karma look at the gift you got it's all
it's probably really tough I wonder I
wonder if you can get it there's a
squeaker in there yeah it does seem a
little cottony so it's possible he could
rip it up but we're gonna give it to him
and see how long it lasts
hey Karma he's doing his laps come here
Carm
come here ready okay
you saw a bird we think that he likes it
he says he likes it and he's gonna blow
play with it now he'll take anything
that he can that we can throw for him
look at Missy she's holding her vlogging
camera and posing with the hey shirt we
had to get some shots of us actually
wearing the shirts to put up on our new
merch page which I'm going to call swag
now since hashtag daily bumps wag it's
kind of taking off and yeah we just want
to get some promotional shots with all
the shirts we're gonna send these out
and then we should be starting another
shipment really soon with some really
cool designs and I think we're actually
going to retire the anchor design but
give people like maybe a week to order
it before we're done we found this this
thing manikin doing a yoga pose
Missy says she can do oh no you can do
it do it you got it
balance
there you go that's pretty good babe so
I got my t-shirt for the mud run and I'm
so excited I can't believe that we
actually are gonna do this me and my
sister actually doing it and you did you
for sergeant she voluntary it was a bit
of a force I didn't want to do it alone
and so I just made her do it and she
actually was extremely cheap so I was
just like just do it come on we boot
we're just gonna have fun
I am runner seven four nine four so you
guys can group for me 749 for Co seven
four nine three okay so we are running
together and I'm so he's gonna get
really really messy I know I don't even
extend how this doesn't tear yeah it's
gonna get pretty beat up yeah should be
fun I never thought I'd be saying this
but we're looking for a fanny pack for
her Missy's mud runs tomorrow and she
wants to have a place where she can keep
the GoPro when she's not vlogging confer
fanny pack I mean we don't know what
they sell them the 90s sells fanny pack
but I figure I still so people still see
people in airports wearing fanny packs
20 years you really think so they're
candy
look at this cool cat you guys chillin
like a villain he's like my parents are
looking for fanny packs I'm just sitting
here looking cool Missy do you still
have sunglasses again no I didn't yeah
no we just ran across him these are cool
oh I think those a gun you ban right the
way oh wait she did check out these ones
this is like the style now people are
wearing glasses with nothing like what
clear lenses but you gonna get the blue
ones yeah how much are they 5 bucks
Bhalla
we are literally all wearing the same
exact sunglasses
tomorrow is the mud run and Missy and
her sister are going and this is how
they're going dressed yeah this is
happening polkadot tights which we got
for the thrift store for like $3 Oh some
orange EP I mean orange a yellow shorts
check that by hey relax
look at that nerdy but look at that
nerdy but you guys my daily bumps
t-shirt
what up looking snazzy in the DB swag
and these awesome renders you can like
snap them wasn't for these my campus and
of course my nerdy glasses from the
theater those 3d glasses boom they were
free
you look good babe Thanks so you're
going for like this cute hipster nerd
thing hey Matt yeah you're gonna be
totally unrecognizable by the end of it
though cuz you're gonna cover it in mud
no no that right head to toe that's
gonna be crazy I'm Cassie she's got same
thing going on weird to get a little
creative here because we prepped these
without they didn't have any click on we
didn't know we are lame so we came up
with this great idea Cassie's gonna get
some nerdy glasses too and she's got her
nut here you can see her outfit what are
you gonna look like gonna look like a
nerd thank you those glasses just pull
it all together they do yeah without the
glasses we just look skip it we don't
find a fanny pack what are you gonna do
with the GoPro when you're vlogging
during this mud run when you're covered
in mud
I need suggestions they're really tight
actually you probably just put it right
there and it's they know what I'm gonna
be running crawling in mine you're gonna
lose that thing you'll be fine I need
something and she's just gonna have to
vlog the entire time you guys she gonna
block the entire time she's right yeah I
love carrying you are you gonna carry
her if she collapses yeah here we go
Oh Missy is preparing supposedly what
are you doing stretching
um I've never stretched like that before
in my life look at you got your butt in
the air that's pretty good babe hey
where all our bed stuff go strewed look
at her toes are touching the carpet you
guys dang you are bendy yeah I'm really
good at yoga I get back to me yoga hey
do you need a diaper change do you need
a diaper change little boy look at his
little belly button you guys it's really
not that bad it's just um it's herniated
and it will go back in just like the
doctor said but it's like weird cuz I
always just want to push it I just push
it in he's like oh please don't change
my diaper it's okay it's okay
just a little spit-up no use crying over
split up huh could you walk clean
Darlene I just hanging out on the bed
hole on the mattress it's just a
mattress right now but we'll make it a
bet later huh we're just sitting here
and talking about life and thinking
about stuff what are you thinking about
my little Ollie tard
speaking of Ollie tart we just watched
yesterday's vlog of the Shaytards and
they we were in there for a few minutes
which was really cool it was really cool
that's his shaped our name it's gonna be
all e tard ha maybe I'll hang out with
the their new little guy huh you want to
make some new baby friends baby YouTube
friends
he really likes doing this sitting up on
Daddy's chest huh look at her move her
head around what are you looking at
what's so interesting you're looking at
the chalkboard I need to change it huh
it's been a while the monkeys been up
there for a while oh not in the mood he
put down whatsoever and there's dishes
is babywearing mama I don't think they
can hear me so I'm going to be doing
dishes while I wear him which is our
pipe kind of tough check it out you guys
all the shirts are now packaged and
ready to go most of them are ready to go
actually all the international orders
still need custom forms and then these
ones are waiting for stickers a lot of
people should receiving be receiving
their shirts by the end of next week
so really really exciting I'm glad we
finally we just buckled down and just
did it and it worked out pretty good
look at this kitchen is clean and she's
asleep
it seems housework is is the key
it's what puts him to sleep so that's
good news but now I'm exhausted oh my
gosh I have like a splitting headache
and just tired I'm so tired and I gotta
go run three miles tomorrow three miles
awliyas all clean and we are getting
ready for bed but I wanted to remind you
guys that you can still vote for us in
the sugar scape Awards I'll have links
below in the description also we were in
the Shaytards vlog yesterday so if you
missed us I will leave a link to that as
well and go in there and thumbs up all
those bumper comments and leave lots of
daily bumps loved in the comments
section hey hey that was so cool um that
we got to be in their vlog if you guys
got your shirt please tweet me with the
hashtag daily bumps swag so I can see
I'm gonna put a tumblr post together cuz
I want to see them all and a lot of
people should get them but a lot of
people will have their shirts by next
week which are so exciting and we're
probably gonna announce some cool things
coming up next week as well
so get ready he is like okay daddy you
need to be done with this whole vlogging
thing this happened anyway hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog give it a big ol thumbs
up and subscribe to us if you haven't
already we do daily vlog so we put up
videos every single day let me know in
the comments if you guys came here from
the Shaytards that would be really
awesome but we will see you guys manana
for the mud run Missy's gonna get messy
she's gonna run and make full of herself
all covered in mud flash be fun don't
miss that one
all right we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye me get me drinking out of the
molecule code it's not failure there's
really stuff in there
it was like can I drink this this is
angel it's me
angel that you gotta do y'all get ready
to start camera I love it are you doing
