come on nice and clean and I'm creepy
where'd the baby go
baby boys nice tie
baby
do amazing things
good morning I just closed this and I
slammed my finger for some reason it's
quite heavy and when I go like this it
just runs right into my finger and I
smashed it I think that's how I smashed
my ring and my hand was like this when I
closed it and I went BAM and I just
smashed my ring but we are getting ready
to go to the beach what do you think
about that dude I am in this little
carrier I don't necessarily like it I
definitely like my rap but it is so hot
and I did not want to wrap a wrap around
me right now and so I just put them in
this which she's sleeping in but it's
just not very comfortable it's it really
weighs on my shoulders and stuff so
excited because we actually haven't gone
swimming in the beach or at the ocean or
anything since like at all this year
which is weird we love the beach we
always going to be tough and pregnant
and then with a newborn and so we're
going to attempt the ocean possibly even
some snorkeling today so it should be
exciting we made it out of the house you
guys I did not think it was gonna happen
but we did I gotta say it's so stressful
like going on trips like this because
did you get the diaper bag did you get
his pinkies did you get your bathing
suit and I literally spent all morning
and all afternoon getting Missy's new
video up pushes on her channel hopefully
it's up by now if it is it'll be linked
in the description and everything is
good and it's up and stuff I'm just
waiting on permission from a special
artist who lent a song to use in the
video which I'm really really excited
about because it's a great song and it
matched perfectly and this little guys
hold in my hand while you sleep in oh
and the tables are totally turned I'm in
the back seat and Missy is driving for
the first time in a long time ha
yeah let me have driven little places
but his super sir I'm like driven along
trip in a while and I'm a little bit
nervous for sure because I'm driving him
and we're on a long trip and I just I'm
out of practice
she asked me she's like so how fast can
I go on the freeway even I didn't like
his Brian is like he goes a good
speed that's not too slow I tend to go
too slow I tell her if the speed limit
70 in California you can go 75 but if
you see a cop you just obviously have to
slow down but it's like a general rule
of thumb and if you honest I've seen
cops go pass me going like at least 15
over so you're good this little guys
like yeah I'd like to be there in one
piece please sleepy baby oh oh I'm sorry
I'm like the 21st century husband of
everything and I finally found parking
it's probably like an hour away from
where Missy is we made it we're at the
beach a little bit of a fiasco Ryan
dropped me off because Oliver was
screaming and Brian didn't have very
good directions so he pretty much got
lost and oh look there actually is
I don't know Kaizen scam buddy coming
down the stairs he had to like carry
everything so I just grabbed like a
couple things all of us happening out
cause he was eating so but we're at the
beach who did it I would say that it's a
tad busy do you think any of them are
here or any of you guys over here is
this any of you could be Missy look at
Missy's little setup you guys she's cut
a little Tang she gets their way from
the Sun and she's actually wearing a
bikini which is pretty dope I know
pretty gutsy I know you just had a baby
five weeks ago and you're wearing a
bikini I don't know if I'm gonna be
going out in the water it's like a
little it's a little hazy look dark this
definitely doesn't seem like Labor Day
 Labor Day be like warm and sunny we
live it was it was nice and sunny and
then we came here to spend at the beach
ten thousand other people had the same
idea Missy got me off the towel we're
venturing to the water it's probably
gonna be cold oh yeah Missy's little
sister and her brother are out there
snorkeling somewhere
waters here is it cold
oh that's ridiculous
that ain't happening uh-uh look hazy
people are out there swimming right now
I gotta take care of a baby
you look amazing right now babe you
really had a baby five weeks ago birdie
birdie birdie pretty pretty knock knock
is anybody home hey little monkey there
is a fish stuck in that tree right there
do you guys see it it is a blue fish it
jumped from the ocean and landed in this
tree things must have been pretty hard
out there Missy hi hey this is Oliver's
pillow it's not it's not for sleeping
yeah we got out of the sand and now
we're on the grass and look at ollie
he's so cute little kursi hey buddy hey
buddy we wanted to bring the new one
that we just won but the base for this
one is like in the car and it's all set
up and perfect but you know what your
head has been tilted like that for a
while let's go the other way
the doctor said turn his head every once
in a while so he's not facing one way
there we go
see that wasn't so hard so excited right
now I just found out that my best friend
Kelsey just got engaged I've been
reading for them to being get engaged
for years they have been together almost
as long as actually highschool
sweetheart they were high school
sweethearts and then her and her
boyfriend were me and her friends and
we've all just been like best friends
together and they moved last year to
organs we haven't been able to like hang
out or anything but they're in Europe
and he proposed to her and I was so
happy she just said that it was a
Tuscany sunset proposal
yeah and he even designed her ring I'll
see if I can show it to you guys that's
kind of what it looks like it's hard it
but it's like it's actually his mother's
stone so it's like really sentimental
and then it's a beautiful ring way to
make me look bad this little boys given
the birds food and they're like all
attacking and you see how excited he is
he's super brave wow he's so excited
though
this guy's got chips on his head and
there's birds all around him that one
gonna go for it oh he's thinking about
it
he's thinking about it he's thinking
about it oh hey we ain't got none we are
stumped we don't know how to get this
thing back into this little tiny circle
on the collapses I think they make these
things easy as parents we have hard
enough jobs as it is these things need
to be easy okay manufacturers if you're
making things like this I got to be able
to push a button and should go back sure
doesn't turn as you do it oh oh
there you go high five ah it puts the
shade in the bag and suddenly life makes
sense again we're watching the scenery
this is B it is really pretty this is
the ocean you guys for all of you who do
not live on the coast this is what it
looks like it's a little stinky in this
park right it's a little stinky let's go
see if we can find some sea lions come
on buddy no sorry Multi ran over that
guy you almost ran over that guy this is
so cool right here these little cliffs
you know the water like run down
really pretty those reminds me of our
honeymoon when we honeymooned in Dana
Point I know I was thinking about it
earlier I was like that II suppose we
get that same picture that hangs on our
wall with oh yeah a little view there
though there's some on this little
island out there and that over there is
still beach but I don't see any no seals
here but there's a big all nasty-looking
pelican this is so cool this looks like
something that's like fake you know like
SeaWorld mate or something it's like
this little Cove there's a little seal
right let's see if I can find them for
you there he is he's just swimming
around
of course Missy loves him because she
loves dogs and they're like the dogs of
the ocean Missy really wants to pet him
has damaged and Oh what's this
completely see-through odd but a Holly
is see-through but it's cute interesting
don't just walk around with it like this
he said I stink so we had to get a new
shirt real fast this one work no you
said you stink anything nope you said I
stink and you're like I'm not going to
dinner with you unless you smell good
and you change your shirt it's exactly
what you said all right so we're gonna
go get some grub now I got my new shirt
on I'm all nice and clean and with the
baby go just kidding he's right there
it's Labor Day and it was a very busy
day at the beach I didn't go didn't get
to go snorkeling but that is like the
best place to go snorkeling so hopefully
before the summers off we can um like
the fishies oh yeah I'm sure we put a
couple clips up like them start playing
and stuff right lot of Garibaldi
you're like the goldfish yeah oh and
they said they saw a lot they said they
saw a lobster - oh yeah need to see a
lobster so if I put that in there and
you liked it thumbs up the video to let
me know from the future big goldfish
those are Garibaldi and that's the
California state fish and there's a ton
of them and you can't eat them or catch
them or do anything so but they're
really pretty
yeah the coolican sea totally forgot
they had bread here
she just got really excited we haven't
had this been a long time you know why
has usually the bread we're eating at
restaurants in all fed and breadsticks
because you want to go there all the
time
no you do that's true I'm a little
obsessed I'm right here Mir we're gonna
change your okay you're gonna change
we're gonna put you in this one you feel
about how we feel about that yeah you
don't know see that wasn't so bad
okay we even got you in a new shirt huh
representin hashtag baby hollywood uh
all right get you back to mama yeah
steak mashed potatoes unlimited shrimp
buffalo style I might add and Missy's
even being spoiled like she got
lobstering guys not weird you see each
other things besides steak she actually
loves Lobster
and Oliver repeating that later just had
a really nummy dinner and so did baby
Ollie actually a couple times yeah he
did not let you rest
did he Bradley just had the problem in
here so that I couldn't hurt and eat at
the same time yeah we have a long day
ahead of us but we just thought there's
an actual Carter's store which is really
cool because we have a lot of things
Carter's for baby Ollie and Labor Day
which usually means sales yeah
chat and if you didn't see we featured a
lot of Carter stuff in the baby all your
lookbook if you haven't seen it now it's
live so go watch it it's definitely in
the description cuz it features this
cute guy wah-wah-wah they're closed
my gosh look at all this cute stuff they
have everything is 50% off and we missed
it
I know sorry buddy no new clothes for
you hey I got plenty probably gonna pass
out on the way home and hopefully where
I'll be able to make it look at my
phone's dead I gotta wait for it to turn
on so I know how to get home yeah cuz I
plan to sleep so I can't get in the
direction hopefully Oliver falls asleep
soon I'm tired
Oh MJ we just found a Krispy Kreme
Doughnuts we ain't got these where we
live get in on this action they have a
pumpkin spice donut what do you want my
phone finally turn on now we can get
home yeah we got a big ol box I don't
know this is our first ever dozen Krispy
Kreme doughnuts okay we don't really
have I don't know if we have these four
glazed original glazed two cinnamon bun
two pumpkin spice to chocolate and to
New York cheesecake I'm pretty sure that
your family's gonna love us we know I'm
sorry freaking they are look at him okay
also these ones ever since these are the
cinnamon cinnamon bun yeah spices yeah
pumpkin bread yeah but it's very similar
and it's got a little glaze on it you
know cheesecake New York style
cheesecake is he's freaking out stop it
Dan you know babe doughnuts are pretty
much just like cake that you eat in the
morning that has got to be like the
worst thing ever for you oh yeah they're
like a good 500 calories each this is
our first ever run two Krispy Kreme
though you guys should comment below
with what your favorite Krispy Kreme
doughnut is because I've only tried
original and I think I've only had like
one once Oh long day but we are home now
and I'm basically gonna call it a night
part room it's a mess we have just been
like so busy running around doing videos
and getting things put together Heidi
came over and it was just like we're
still having gone caught up so have a
lot of straightening up to do and we're
really tired but I hope you guys all had
an amazing Labor Day let me know in the
comments what you guys did or how yours
was I hope you did it doing a lot of
Labor or if you're pregnant maybe you
did labor I'm pretty interesting huh
someone pregnant laboring on Labor Day
kind of suck that's how you to spend the
holiday but I mean I guess good then you
get a baby maybe I should stop having
conversation with myself and actually
like my viewers yeah probably huh anyway
hope you guys had a great day we will
see you tomorrow bye spread love because
that's what we want to do is we want to
spread love and hope with these YouTube
videos so that's what I that's what I'm
telling you that's my two cents
Karma's gonna go on this is like good
it's like he totally felt that okay baby
you make him go up and I'll catch it
from down here come on come on oh my god
I thought he was gonna climb that there
we go there we go
