what
you're embarrassing me Mom baby boy hi
he's our son baby
you have whoa
going to do amazing things
good good good one and good good good
morning what good good good morning good
good good morning what you just had an
amazing little bath with mommy didn't
you be honest how many times do you pee
on her you pee on her once
no you pee on her twice no you put her
three times
is it true no I heard just a little pee
monster huh mmm I love your little hat
dude this little guy really wants to
take a nap with mommy and as much as I
would love to I really gotta get stuff
done I gotta do my makeup and do my hair
and laundry so that maybe we could
actually do stuff today he's just not
happy he just wants to he wants to hang
out with me which I would love to so
yesterday we opened a couple packages
and I I just wanna say this you guys I
became so many cherry writes it's it's
insane like I can't eat this many cherry
ripe you guys if you guys don't know a
while ago I got a package from Australia
and they had a bunch of candy in it um
that we don't have in the States and
cherry reps was one of them and I really
like them they're really really good um
this is I think it's the third bag that
I've gotten and then yesterday I got
these really cool ones which are
actually like their limited edition so
they probably taste a little different
because they're double dipped and it's
like a darker chocolate which I love
anything dark chocolate I really don't
like milk chocolate at all here's a
challenge for you guys if you live in
London or Australia or somewhere over
the water and want to send something I'm
not telling you guys to send anything
but if you want to cry no lots of people
like wanna send us stuff and I'm
challenging you to send me a candy other
than cherry writes that we don't have in
the United States that you think I like
but I just wanted to say that I have
enough cherry rights you guys are
awesome I'm gonna see how long this
lasts okay this guy is ready to go
you've got a fresh diaper fresh outfit
actually brand new outfit we have even
more
yet it says bananas for mommy and
actually this is from Brian's sister so
and he it's a zero to three so it's in a
zero three section
I was closeted but it turns out it
barely fits him so hopefully this isn't
the last time he'll be wearing it but
you look so cute but he's fussy because
I'm not holding in the way he wants hi
are you checking on your baby brother
making sure he's good and safe I'm sorry
we're not going to the doggie park but
maybe later okay
you think yeah right okay I'll play with
you outside later okay that's a promise
pinky promise
it's like I don't want pinkies we are
headed to Babies R Us they're having a
okay I had a super list just now I
didn't mean to do it okay I said it's a
mental thing if you think about it then
you'll you won't do it yeah oh well I
guess so cuz yeah when I when I talk I
don't think about what I'm not thinking
about that it happens anyways going to
Babies R Us and you need to do a u-turn
right oh and we actually went a few
months ago for a little event they had
it was like a pregnant a fan day they're
having a baby event so hopefully it's
gonna be all about babies and they'll be
tons of babies there and maybe we'll win
some stuff again and maybe Brian won't
screw up the diaper challenge my
hand-eye coordination was just sucking
yeah that day we go perfectly
comfortable he is right now and I have
to like rip him out of his his
comfortable position here very hard to
do with one hand I got to my little
monkey boy into the pouch see good yep a
little warm out here though gotta get
inside fast that's like how we do
anything yeah I'm like race inside Yanis
binky join us binky yeah and your phone
look at these cool little K it's a
diaper cake in with a little monkey it's
actually not a cake it's a diaper
diaper motorcycle tae-sik oh that's so
cool bunch of girly ones too can we win
this yeah raffle rules babe let's get in
on this you don't really have really
good luck but is this a good one it's a
really cool one it's a three-wheeled one
it's so fun because the last thing we
were at a big event here you were
pregnant and it was a pregnancy event
and now it's a baby event and you're
here with a baby how do you work that
out they do that for us
coke Bob's this is really good and
whenever we go out and there's free
stuff I'm always like Missy you take it
and then you give it to me yes you want
one I'm getting really amazing at
finding free food do you want one Missy
Missy do you want one
Missy do you want one yes you do always
just eat these oh I don't know these
will say let's go good god Lucy where
are you come here babe how am I supposed
to know that
okay there's leave them hanging around
that's not safe busy just pulled him out
of the wrapping what oh she got blue
ties you're working out I thought either
my phone just vibrated down there is
easy I had you I have poop all over me
no way no dude what do you do
he's like I really had to go okay Oh
baby it's on your shirt okay we did tink
him dude it he's like yeah I did that
and I meant it too huh and it's so
stinky because as we got here I'm just
telling Missy I was like can I baby wear
him and then she's like no I was kind of
looking forward to it and then I was
like okay you go ahead
ah now how do you feel so I posted this
amazing picture of Ollie and I this
morning on Instagram if you're not
following me Instagram you need to you
need to because then you get to see this
all day it's Paul he's in selling it
right now haha
but one of my comments was from an
Australia bumper who said that it's
Father's Day in Australia right now so
I'm pretty sure this guy no longer fits
in newborn diapers and he's so sad about
it that's huge
he's like I'm to the one size now I have
him in it right now but I it was just
because I was does what I grabbed but I
don't think that they're gonna work for
me and I put I put that diaper on him
this morning and they literally they
don't even snap like together and you
know they snap on the actual diaper hey
guy hey are you in there are you good oh
no good thing we had the towel can you
clean him up he spit right into the
towel see that's what that's for
are you switch it around huh do you
think he's done nope nope there goes get
it all out boy get it all out back at
the event for the raffle so see if
Mama's gonna get a new stroller video
game is 52 and 53
oh my gosh you have zero for right there
300 zero three we got it
you got it whoo we actually want
something you guys that's crazy oh my
gosh I cannot believe that we just won
this I'm so freaking out so cool
I want to see it put it together this is
actually a Brit tax as I said Britax my
mom corrected Britax travel system which
is pretty cool because we only have a
frame and so now we actually have a
ruler I am so excited and it goes right
on top right put them on there and
rolling around yeah that's exactly what
it's supposed to do yeah do you like
that
that was fun huh yeah that was really
cool that rewind I know I seriously did
not think we were going to win and then
we were like all standing there and I
was just like wait that's weird
our that's the same number so it's
really really nice got a base and a car
seat and a stroller oh we also won this
protects hook this up this isn't even in
stores they said yes a little a little
cow locality and so it goes right in the
stroller so Q it has little ears like
Ali I can't wait put it together put it
together this works fine pushing the box
around it I mean it you want to do that
got Oliver
you are he's not happy this is my cousin
Holly and this is her first time meeting
Oliver yeah so little know my best
friend Nicole had her baby three days
before you go mm he's tiny so big of you
it like recently have you he's like is
he no it's not yesterday oh my gosh and
he's like bigger than him got a little
chuckle her you
a while we're bigger than baby Andrew oh
it's like three days older mr. does not
want to hear that kind of stuff no he's
getting their bed okay guys don't judge
okay it was really late we needed dinner
and I had the crowd chicken oh he's in
from Pollack we're obsessed with this
stuff I feel like a pregnant woman
because I just want it every single
night and we actually went with a gallon
last time because we're gonna feed the
fam and of course I had an awesome
person give us extra breadsticks
what up these are amazing actually since
they gave us extra I eat them before I
get home oh we're sad you know as much
as we promote all garden we should be
getting something from this okay cuz I
know you guys send me Instagram pictures
of yukine chicken gnocchi soup all the
time because we have it all the time all
right so here's what you guys need to do
you need to go up to your URL and copy
the URL this video and then you need to
tweet at Olive Garden and you need to
tell them that we love our chicken oke
soup and we talk about them all the time
I even got something a little extra from
Missy because you know I love her
sometimes I like to surprise her or
something okay I got you something extra
afraid of that I'm gonna say that and
she even gave me extra breadsticks yeah
make it happen Cap'n okay look at this
you guys we got an iPhone 5 chord my dad
got me
it's a 10-footer it's like I'm back in
the study I can like walk around the
house I can i play with the court yeah
you can play with the court again we're
working on smiles and Oliver is very
alert is right now Oliver can you smile
he's like who is this lady and why is he
holding me he keeps looking at I know I
don't know you did you know that we're
family I'm gonna show you our stroller
I'm seriously freaking out about I
cannot I still cannot believe that we
won this like this is crazy
but okay so here's the car seat inside
of the stroller which is really cool
because it'll go both ways I can turn
them around Bo you can look at out here
it's like some black magic stuff right
there that we thought of that this way
instead oh and this is cool too you can
cover goes this way and you can take
this and cover and completely shield
them from the world and then window on
it then he basically can lay down in
here like almost completely flat you get
my change in yeah it's just really cool
this whole night I'm like I can't
believe I cannot won next I know we
totally got this for free like this is a
huge like this is probably like a $300
set crazy babe oh I'm so happy it's all
because of karma karma karma helped do
you like it do you want to go for a ride
in it today I picked up some more
pacifiers a lot of people were
mentioning that there may be love the
ma'am pacifiers and like almost like
almost every baby it seems like once
they use the ma'am they like more use
anything else or something so I picked
it up because it sounded interesting and
so far he loves them like seriously
loves it look at us he's just going to
town on it the only thing I don't like
is the shape of the things yeah I'm
bummed because it doesn't have anything
for me to put the clip on so that's how
makes me sad because if he drops it and
it kind of like makes it look like he's
the guy the bad guy from Batman well
have you seen that yellow one that like
makes a smiley face possibly it's
awkward now haha yeah the yellow one
it's like it literally goes like this
hmm
weird yeah there's something funny I was
like reading the instructions and it
says do not worry it's the pacifier it
becomes lodged in the mouth but just
don't worry just don't just relax don't
worry don't worry about it I'm like are
you serious
this is the weird thing to say don't
worry if your child starts to choke on
the pacifier I'm sure that Oliver would
start to panic and then I was in Japan
together don't happen hey I'm not here
at the fair he's like I want to meet I
come here right now okay no you can't
play with it no you have your own place
all right this guy's getting tired so
we're gonna call it a night totally
crazy that we won that huge travel
system for free and it is all things to
Babies R Us oh thank you Babies R Us and
Britax for doing the giveaway because
that was pretty rad anyway I hope you
guys all enjoyed the vlog tomorrow we're
gonna be filming a really cool video for
Missy's channel something that we
haven't seen done before and that's
gonna be going up on her channel next
week but if you guys like the vlog give
it a big ol thumbs up if this is your
first video subscribe to our channel
because we put up videos every single
day I know every single day you're not
crazy this is like - this is like vlog -
18 to 19 we're the two teens and we have
not missed a single day that's still
really really crazy I don't think we
ever imagined that we'd be going this
far with it definitely subscribe because
we got amazingness coming up with this
guy anyway I hope you guys turn the vlog
ahead really see you guys tomorrow bye
hey calm down boy come I want to give
you kisses
he's a bike you feel like you're just in
like a super long daily bomb squad a
little bit yeah like oh and just walked
right through the computers vlog on n
forget the steering Shepherd cookies
come on look at the Corki oh my whoa
karma don't keep it done super cute
karma Shh
