I'm so excited that Ross has a thing for
all of her yes she does
she'd actually sent him underwear
scandal baby boy hi he's our son bully
going to do amazing things good morning
guys we are cleaning up today it's chore
day we're doing our chores huh he's
helping me clean the bathroom
noisy are actually getting ready because
if you guys don't know Heidi Kim is
gonna be here tomorrow I'm so excited
we're so excited she'll be here tomorrow
we're gonna shoot a couple videos and
hang out and of course she'll be on the
daily and all that so we're really
looking forward so I got I like clean up
I gotta get things together and ready
and we gotta you gotta get ready huh you
got him you're gonna be Roslyn what do
you think of that you're gonna meet your
girlfriend him and Rosalyn have a whole
thing going on
but I also want to tell you guys we have
we just updated our Apple TV um
Apple TV is this little tiny box it sits
right here I always thought Apple TV was
like an actual just TV that's Apple
brand I don't know please updated it and
now we have vivo so I can just literally
play music videos all day long and they
just like play like I can pick like a
genre like pop or country or whatever
and it'll just play music videos so nice
I can just like do chores and watch
music videos all day so we've been
enjoying that hey guys so I just got off
work and it was a stressful day this is
what happens when I have a bad day at
work when I get off I get a blueberry
redbull and chicken taquito from
7-eleven I'm like eating my feelings
right now but yeah I just had a rough
day and I don't know why I've worked for
some crazy places and I've had really
bad workdays Oh nobody fun actually you
guys should leave in the comments like
your worst day at work ever I think that
would make me feel good reading through
those and tell me how you like unwind
from that sort of thing I grabbed food
and a Red Bull obviously at this moment
I would love a beer but it's four
o'clock and Missy actually have not been
out in a long time baby oli is now a
month old so hopefully soon we'll be
able to go out on a date maybe on our
own
now I doubt it but yeah you guys should
leave your horror stories from work in
the comments below I don't know if maybe
like a customer like dumped food on you
or drink on you or if your boss was just
an arse or I don't know I'm sure that
you guys have a lot of really funny but
at horrible stories
well horrible then but now you can look
back on and like laugh it off that's
what I try and do to stay positive I
used try and like imagine a time where
I'll look back on this and go huh can't
believe I was having that problem you
know what I mean
I think that's a really good way to stay
positive oh I'm also blasting at Shirin
because that that pretty much helps too
this is not my home my home
whoa singing so bummed you guys I was so
excited that I was gonna get to wear my
ring again so here's the set this is
what it looks like but my diamond my
diamond is loose and it it looks like
it's like about to pull off and I'm like
so afraid I'm gonna lose it so I really
can't actually wear it so I'm so sad but
I actually got it fixed the diamond is
just really loose like the prongs are
something like loosened maybe when Brian
was banging on it to get it to go back
to normal
I must have loosened because the diamond
I like put my finger on it and it can
feel it that's not good I can't wear it
if I'm gonna be like dealing with Oliver
it'll scrape him so I'm so sad now I'll
have to take it in again how come
whenever I press record you start making
faces it's cute like perfectly happy as
soon as I press record he's like we're
gonna get ready and take a little nap
you're pretty tired she hasn't slept in
two hours so I'm hoping he'll take a
long off like a dairy smiley face he's a
happy boy Hey so guilt is such a killer
doll munchkin just got home and I've
been texting Missy and Chad's been
responding so I'm pretty sure she's
taking a nap
let's see
I was right
how's your nap can add me so comfy hey
little guy mmm how long you been
sleeping for okay Danny you weren't
texting me back so I figured you're
sleeping I was like I got to come into
the room super quiet and get a picture
to Instagram
I know big old clown feet didn't wake
you up this time do you guys know STUV
you guys probably don't know but this is
my good buddy John and it is little girl
Leah and he's meeting Oliver for the
first time who do you think he looks
more like like you burn he looks like me
boom no Missy a lot of people have said
he looks like you don't worry day one I
think he is starting to get my lips
though now tell Jill I don't know how I
feel about that oh my god all my
ex-girlfriends really liked my big left
feet what'd you say why did you say my
wife really likes me hey hi what do you
think of the baby
he cute yeah because she's talking now
you guys I think the last time you guys
saw her she wasn't even talking and now
she's talking a bunch I like your hair
yeah it is a little toasty outside and
it's pretty late yeah I know it has
nothing very cool I think because the
clouds are covering it's not cooling
down which is like the worst ever but
usually it cools down so nicely around
this time but it's just it feels really
hot really sticky hot it's still 90
degrees out that's hot
that's hot we are getting ready to film
a video I really tried to convince Brian
to go to the dog park
excuse you I really tried to convince
Brian to go to the dog park and we might
still karma is really trying to work it
pointing away the dog park because we're
at the dog park right now he thinks this
is his own personal park action I have
to say it okay go so we just finished
the video now we're gonna do some
pictures and we're gonna put Missy in
both the wraps and make it look like
she's high-fiving ourselves but this
little guy did so good hey hey you he
like cooperated the whole video just a
little bit long we just need one more
picture okay buddy oh gee done you just
chill didn't do this I know we did it oh
we filmed it and it's actually just now
starting to get dark so we did good we
could probably still go no no this
little guy did so good - hey buddy
everybody cheer up kid you better get
some extra moving milk for this cheer up
kid you're good you're good audio just
cheer up - cheer up do you think he
likes that voice no I don't like it mac
and cheese and chicken and whatever
dinner we're making slickin flickin you
guys didn't catch that story that's how
i used to pronounce chicken when i was
little and it have two front teeth
wicked new you want some slick in - hey
karma are you so excited
big brother is on and I'm super excited
find out who goes home who is it again
right
Aaron or Andy I know Andy I don't know
who I want to go home I want Amanda to
go home I'm just gonna be honest I want
Amanda to go home gonna be probably not
and I'm rooting for Amanda everyone
hates me boy I'm doing for Amanda I
don't know I like the man in the
beginning because she seems like a good
player but then she just went evil I
think he might even this little guy is
making sleepy smiles but of course
whenever I press record he stops doing
them it's so funny because I wonder if
when Oliver is in a video like this any
people actually are like listening to
you you know right I don't think I would
I think I was just looking so cute like
like ever you think ah thank you ah if
you don't know what baby wearing is are
you so excited for Heidi to come oh my
gosh they're gonna be here tomorrow
tomorrow Heidi Heidi and Ken are gonna
be here with rosin rosin or rosin and
Oliver gonna meet I'm so excited that
Ross has a thing for all of her yes she
does
she'd actually sent him underwear
scandal that's it so a while back a
couple subscribers sent us the basically
they're stickers that you put on your
baby and every time every like they
reach like a certain age like one week
two weeks one month two months stuff
like that you put it on there and take a
picture and so I just did actually just
instead on a picture of Oliver and with
is one month sticker on and you look so
cute we actually have a couple of them
so I'm gonna try and cycle through them
I actually did take both pictures though
one with this one one with that one
they're so cute so I just posted on
Instagram if you're not following me
than you should I post pictures of baby
Ollie all the time I'm kind of obsessed
with him so it's mostly like all
pictures of him but um that's what
happens when you have a baby right so I
just finished editing Missy's new video
so you should watch it because it's
super funny and it's cute and look at
this I made I made it so she's
high-fiving herself who else who else
does that it's so cool it came out
really good check it out whoa
that's crazy I told you that face would
be better is that cool
it's really cool I like it yeah this
little guy look at him he's like sacked
out is really hot in here
you're gonna have to turn on the air
babe like Dyess
he's like a heater right now do you even
know how hot you are
it hasn't been cooling down in Southern
California at night which is super weird
cuz usually it does huh
what's the temp how do you see that on
this thing you click the little Safari
use your mouse you can't touch the
screen baby it's not like your phone now
what now click on you looking at cameras
Oh busted
you're not buying any cameras mister I
need a new camera this camera that I'm
using has smudges and crap all over it
it's crappy sensors all messed up and oh
no no no my cameras about today
yep it is about today so we're gonna
have to go and I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog and we will see you tomorrow
Heidi Kim uh one of Missy's YouTube
friends is gonna be here tomorrow we're
gonna hang out and collab and the
battery's flashing at me so we will show
you guys tomorrow bye does this make you
dizzy cuz it makes me dizzy
he's cool found the inappropriate
postcards we got a little baby baby
butts they're making fresh tortillas
here that is so cool so she makes them
there and then cook some right there
that's so cool so Oliver is taking a
little nap and Karma's doing laps all
right
