say good morning oh that that was good
that was a good time baby boy honey
is ongoing
you have rolled
do amazing things
good morning guys I am on my way to San
Diego cuz I gotta take him along to the
airport but I just want to tell you this
I am currently in a sixty five speed
zone right I'm going 74
I'm just going with like the flow
traffic and a cop just drove past me his
lights went on grant you going at least
90 miles an hour so yeah that's what's
up down here in Southern California he
was probably on his phone texting too he
said here it is baffi looking super cute
he is not fitting very well in his
newborn clothes
so using this outfit today which is a
brand new outfit he's wearing and you
look quite handsome and it's a zero to
three month outfit and obviously you can
tell it's a little bit big you can see
it's large but it's so cute on him and
he's getting so big stop growing milk
say I'm in a car mom get over it I my
aunt else she has this big huge thing of
snacks do you want to snack cuz there's
plenty she has these really good all
these oh no pies these are actually
perfect for breakfast
cuz it's oatmeal right so it's pretty
much a healthy breakfast rice krispie
treats too well that's not even that
doesn't have the illusion of breakfast
yeah these are like the ginormous ones
yeah they're pretty big jar look at this
thing
these things are so and especially
because I haven't eaten anything and I'm
really hungry I'm in here waiting for
the laundry to get done and karma really
wants a full he's like so scared of the
heat of the washer you're such a dork
waiting at this little Mexican
restaurant and it's way up above San
Diego old town and you can see
everything
well kind of have this glass thing in
between us but old tums over there
airport's over there which is where
we're gonna be dropping my mom off but I
think we're gonna walk around old town
and go through the shops and stuff
believe it we have this whole place to
ourselves
we got our own little fiesta going on
huh look at this bomb combo Torito
nom nom I think we went the wrong way
and now we are in Mexico you guys ye
olde SOPA we are in old town San Diego
I've never been here so where he got
some time to kill before momma's got to
get on the plane leaving on a jet plane
mom that's not ice cream mom that's soap
oh is the ice cream soap look at all the
different soaps they got coffee soda
Fiji coconut special delivery
does that smell like a baby being born
so it's planning on going out today and
getting stuff done are they hot um
outside the house but it's just so hot
and I really just don't feel comfortable
putting Oliver in the car when it's this
hot because others are conditioning it's
just it's just like Wicky it's so hot it
like totally stresses me out so gotta
stay in today and do the laundry it's
pretty much my life I feel like I'm so
boring because all I do is laundry i
breastfeed and I do laundry that's what
I do we're gonna crush a penny you guys
I'm gonna put this one that one goes
there any slot well if I put two
quarters in a penny it should give me
two squashed quarters and a penny am i
right I want that one that says old town
San Diego so now I have to crank this
now to go in oh yeah
one two three four huh there it is
when you get one nice shiny one didn't
you yeah I did it good Oh looky so cool
I found the inappropriate postcards
really got a little baby baby butts
they're making fresh tortillas here that
is so cool
so she makes them there and then cook
some right there that's so cool so
Oliver is taking a little nap and
Karma's doing laps aren't ya uh-huh
actually someone he spends so much time
out here and like I said he doesn't have
to he has a doggie door he'd come in he
just loves being outside I think
especially since he basically spent like
two years at the other house with like
an almost no backyard kind of thing and
so someone actually suggested that we
should get him a little doggie house but
I really is so hot out here like he
would never be able to sit inside of a
doggie house and luckily there's lots of
shade so I know he has places to go if
he wants to can also just come inside
when she sees this we're in stone grave
nom no way I'm not even kidding you guys
from this street down I've counted eight
Mexican restaurants
eight of them and they actually make
tortillas right on the street there too
which is really cool but why do you got
many Mexican restaurants in one place I
mean you gotta be like I guess if you
come down here you got to be craving
Mexican food right absolutely
he's chasing something over there I
think he's help hurt or something if he
ever we watch this Karma
what's up there what's out there oh okay
usually when you see the bird you like
freaked out this is the Whaley House and
it's a historical landmark you guys and
look at there's even a little flame
represent right he goes first brick
mansion built in 1856 America's most
haunted baby wait what America's most
foul it's it's a haunted haunted yeah
that's so cool
this is interesting is that the Charlie
Brown theme I think this yeah
hello you are creepy this is so cool
that is really cool
whoa what that's freaky look at this
how's it doing that it's dancing it's
got the moves like Jagger kasi home
karma juicy kasi oh my god oh my gosh
he's so excited oh now he's gonna eat my
food oh yeah oh yeah
I missed you too it's all the change I
got I'm sorry you're welcome
because nicey mom said it would make a
difference in her life spare change
would make a difference in her life yeah
hey okay
hi guys everyone say goodbye yesterday I
love you
have a good flight Caine when you
get home that was tough seeing my mom go
like that I know she was really sad I'm
here in my aunt's here and it's been
really hard ever since my grandma died
cuz my grandma lived in Idaho really
close to her and they were best friends
and they hung out every single day I
know she really is having a still really
hard time with the with the loss of my
grandma cuz it was just totally
unexpected a and we all just assumed she
lived forever and when she didn't we
were like just so confused so I know she
probably isn't too happy about having to
go home but she'll be here in the summer
and I'll get to see her then and who
knows maybe things will change maybe you
know maybe our families will just be
brought a little closer together somehow
maybe she'll come out here that would be
awesome because I know she loves
California so I miss her already kind of
sucks but I'm really glad that she got
to see ollie I was really important so a
lot of people are always asking why
doesn't miss you wear her wedding ring
well when we are moving this is what
happened and we don't know why this is
just her engagement ring and then she
also has a wedding band that goes around
it but look it got totally warped we got
a little tool to fix it because my uncle
is pretty handy with stuff like that
I used this fancy dancy metal tool that
my uncle had and I slid it on there and
use a little wooden hammer and I think I
think it's actually good I did it you
guys it's round again thumbs up for
handy Brian that is awesome
I think Missy will be very happy with
this move you two already passed out he
started you started getting all fussy
but then he Leon daddy and it worked
it's kind of like an angle yeah usually
hates that position but he's reworking
dope I mean get up anymore you guys know
he didn't fit it's like you need to be a
slight incline karma is nibbling on my
ear okay I was in love I would dum-dum I
got some goodies while in San Diego
gonna see I came bearing gift
to
I found myself one of those cool poncho
hoody things
yeah isn't cool it's like super nice too
they didn't have small ones that small
yeah this is only 20 bucks though and
it's awesome got you something you love
it yeah will you wear it I'm so bad at
wearing jewelry I know you're gonna lose
it aren't you
she's gonna put in our drawer and she's
not gonna find it for three I'm not
gonna lose it I'm just gonna put in my
drawer and then forget about it it's a
little infinity shine and it's got some
bling bling to it yeah it's really
pretty I love it thank you mm-hmm always
awake and he thinks that word goes balls
because we are listening to music and
dancing he's like whoa whoa dad a little
close there yeah where are ya
Briah let me am so Halina from Australia
actually sent us like a ton of like
goodies and they pretty much all
disappeared really fast so thank you for
that but one thing that I haven't tried
yet is this Nestle meal oh is it Milo
Mill oh I don't know but I guess it's
like she said it's a lot better than
Ovaltine so I'm gonna try it and
hopefully I don't die what if I turn
Australian you guys Australian or
Australia first impressions is it
doesn't really stir well into the milk I
don't know if I'm doing this properly I
had to use the nutribullet to get it all
mixed in properly I don't know why I
wasn't really mixing and it still it's
pretty good it's nice and chocolatey and
multi and ah I feel Australian look at
the dr. pepper football player that is
so cool not cool Cassie I dare you to
tackle it
don't oh oh it's pretty close
we are Albertans getting some Dindin for
the fam fam you know what's or should we
have you guys leave right now in the
comments what should we have we may
choose it just kidding we can't think
into the future of what you're going to
say sitting here and I thought I'd ask
you guys a question um all of our nails
are just getting pretty long right now
and he's just at that point where he's
not like sleeping very much and I don't
really know what to do on getting there
short I've heard of people you know
chewing on her he's on hang on hang him
um chewing on their kids nails which I
will admit I did try but I can't seem to
get close enough to really get them to
actually get short enough so that he
doesn't scratch me he mostly scratches
me like he grabs onto my skin he doesn't
necessarily grab his face and Scratchy
mostly describes my skin it's like so
painful so I don't know like and then
the filing and the I don't know what to
do it if you guys have tips something
other than filing I don't know and I've
tried the Clippers but I mean I'm so
afraid I'm gonna snip his little fingers
off we are getting some grub and tell me
how this makes sense you guys the party
size the big bag of chips 399 okay and
then over here we're like well maybe you
don't need a big bag me which gets small
like so the small bag are 429 how is
that possible you guys how's that work
economics is stupid and you get more for
less it just makes sense
alright guys watch this it is the
weirdest thing as well this is what
happens when I call my brother's name
Jimmy come here
everybody say it Jimmy
that dig every time we say Jimmy's name
to yell for him common runs out the door
you like books it look at our little
dinosaur boy he's so fresh so clean Hey
no those Soros Go Go Soros you're a
little snuggle Soros huh I'm chillin
with Oliver and he fell asleep in this
position
so I'm pretty much stuck here now can't
move or anything what do babies dream of
when they take a little baby snow SHhhh
I wanted to do a quick little shout-out
to Emma Madden your boyfriend has been
so persistent and had really really
wanted us to tell you happy anniversary
so happy anniversary we can't always do
shoutouts people like us I do shoutouts
but we can't always because there's so
many and if we were like 30th is your
anniversary and I was trying to be
really careful so that I knew because
you're in Australia and I'm in
California and the time difference is
super weird because technically today is
the 28th but technically when you see
this it'll be the 30th for you happy
Anniversary Aunt Emma I hope you guys
have a great one
Oliver is already asleep which is good
but it won't last for long
speaking of anniversaries and weddings
please wait will you take this ring I
thought you left that I never right Rick
Missy and told her that I forgot it but
I did it oh yeah does that mean yes I
will wait what was the question
this is the ring that Bryan got us when
we were 18 years old bought this ring
with like a couple hundred bucks in his
bank account no you're doing a lot less
texting this time around what do you
mean has after I asked you and you said
yes we spent like an hour text I'm
single person to me I hope you guys had
a good day and a good night and a good
afternoon and he says no the same he
wishes you go snuggle Saurus with
everyone okay good night I is much
happier hanging out with Graham well I
guess this is the last time huh this
time I'll get to see him yeah are you
okay
no not it's okay mom
she's coming back for Christmas for
baby's first Christmas right they have
to yeah so I'm not doing Christmas until
I have a grandbaby and you gave me
wrapping
