hey guys so today I'm gonna go ahead and
give you my update on four weeks
postpartum actually I would say about
four and a half weeks at this point and
I am feeling so good please stop
baby boy hi
baby
do amazing things Dave good morning
he is a very happy baby today he has
just been doing all his cute little
smiles that I don't really know if their
smiles but they're cute I mean he
definitely is like happy you can tell
he's happy and he wants to show it and
so he does like a little like like this
with a tiny smile but I don't know if I
can consider it a real smile until I see
it in his eyes kind of thing you know
you're gonna go out all by ourselves
aren't we a little nervous cuz you know
when it's like he cries in the back and
I'm driving it's just like distracting
and sad and I feel like I have to pull
over and I'm excited because I'm
actually headed to my old work I'm gonna
go visit my coworkers I really want to
see him kind of a big moment because I'm
officially giving them or letting them
know that I'm not coming back and as you
all know my plan was to be a
stay-at-home mom but I told my work you
know I'm gonna go on maternity leave I
don't know if I'm gonna come back this
is me I'm gonna actually just go ahead
and tell them I'm not coming back which
is really exciting and no they're gonna
be really excited for me and you're
being cute huh you need a diaper change
alright this happy boy is ready to go
and I think that we are going to be good
we got a diaper bag packed and he seems
to be fairly happy so hopefully this is
not a bust and I just realized that my
phone matches the car seat that's crazy
how did I do that
hey guys so I am in that magical 30
minutes of my day where I need to
frantically decide where I want to eat
lunch it's like the hardest decision
ever because I'm down here by my offices
and there's like a million places to eat
there's like Baja Fresh
there's Burger King we should not have
this many decisions in our life things
just need to be simple if I lived in a
third-world country you'd be like do you
want rice or do you want mud am i right
can I get an amen
they're just like the first world
problems that we have
in America with an abundance of food and
it's it's funny and it's also kind of
sad at the same time I'm trying to find
somebody oh this guy is cutting me off
he's got a radar sticker too so we made
it it was a little nerve-wracking
because in our car we have a mirror
Bryan has the car and so yeah it was a
little bit like harder because I
couldn't even look at him at all but we
made it with no problems no crying he's
starting to get fussy now but we're
gonna head in put on your smiley face
I got Boba again oh that was a total
Reagan boom there we go I am obsessed
with boba and there's like the greatest
little boba place right next to where I
work I totally forgot to tell you guys
woke up this morning with 30,000
subscribers that's pretty awesome
I literally aged every time this happens
I'm just like in shock I'm just like
okay well like this car won't let me go
just go go ahead and I'll go since you
already right behind me oh my god I hate
this beeping I woke up with 30,000
subscribers and I was like I had like a
mini party in my head and I was jumping
up and down and stuff but it's just so
weird like every every time this happens
I'm like oh my gosh what's this gonna be
like if we hit 50 like what do you think
we'll hit 50 thousand subscribers do you
think well at 75 thousand do you think
we'll have a hundred thousand like those
numbers are just weird like not
realistic to me but it's like it's
happening but it's not thank you guys so
much for subscribing and watching our
videos we work really really hard all
day on them and we love to do it and we
we'd love to entertain you guys and
bring a little positivity into your life
because like I said yesterday we like
talking about music is when you have
positive things in your life you tend to
be a more positive person you know and
that's kind of just something that I
love to give people so thank you guys so
much for 30,000 bumper stroll what's up
and hit that thumbs up button if you're
proud to be a bumper and you love
watching it because we love making
videos for you guys so we are back home
and resting taking a little nap with
mommy which I just love sleeping with
him like resting with him he's always
such a little cuddle bug it's so cute
a little guy who loves eating with Mama
brainy you just woke up for my nap and
he was a happy boy but now he's like Big
Momma Oh big yawn and go downstairs and
go play with karma see your happy face
see hi YouTube so I woke up from my nap
and I was feeling I don't know I think I
read a comment from you once from
someone and I think they said that they
were watching old vlogs or something and
so I was like I'm gonna go back and
watch an old vlog and so I came
downstairs and the weirdest thing is
that my mom was actually watching old
vlogs I don't know why we were feeling
all nostalgic it's weird because now
that like I know who I was carrying it's
so much different watching like my
pregnancy means I'm like there's Oliver
inside me I just reached this one
primary joke you guys okay so here is
we're getting our ultrasound now it's
like someone's different like I could
have watched that well I was pregnant
I'd be like yeah there's a baby in there
but now I'm like there's Oliver in
there's Oliver's right there he was the
size of a plum there so it's fun now
going back and watching our old vlogs
there's definitely a reason we
documented it all in it so that we can
go back and remember our pregnancy in
sevens just so cool
Missy's watching old daily bumps blogs
do you see that guy beardless fat Brian
wait when is this this is like the fifth
vlog yeah it's like the fifth vlog that
we did you guys that's crazy is the one
that we see Oliver and the ultrasound
he's always here I don't know if you
guys saw yesterday's vlog but Carmen got
nothing stuck to his butt but now he's
got my sister's bra stuck to his foot
she wears this bra that sticks to her
Italy it's like sticky inside the cup
and he steps in it on accident huh hook
up in but Karva give up boob on your
foot let me see your boob man let me see
it okay Oliver needs his diaper change
and we're gonna put him in a bum genius
and Einstein edition because you know
all these a little smartypants but I
actually love this one because it kind
of looks like a chalkboards well I guess
it is a chalkboard but it's got like
equations and stuff on it
speaking of chalkboard I have to change
this little one what do you guys think I
should change this little chalkboard in
his nursery to leave it below in the
comments it's not that big it's like
this is my hand and that's next to it so
you can't really do anything too
elaborate check out this shirt you got
or this onesie is so cool it says ahoy
it's Baby Gap
so we're gonna put it on him and see if
it fits we think it might be a little
too big
she doesn't want to ittle baby ollie is
ready for a night on the town huh buddy
and look at miss you guys she's wearing
normal clothes dang I was cute back then
but she's wearing normal clothes that's
pretty awesome and we're gonna take
Ollie to go see Graham one last time
because she's leaving tomorrow and we're
sad and so she wants to see all of our
so we're gonna go to the Oscars actually
we're going to the Oscars babe we're
gonna do the red carpet yeah probably
yeah patent Oscars has the best of
breadsticks
erver I'm not even kidding guys I think
there's a better than Olive Garden would
you say they have they go to breadstix
Oh website it's called breadsticks this
is actually where we had our rehearsal
dinner to which was the last time my mom
is here and my aunt not funny
vlookup Kunis ahoy onesie look at all
this food they just products we got
pizza
we got slickin and we got red mom tell
the story of slicking the kids used to
have you asked about the fake chicken as
you couldn't say chicken oh because I
gonna have my front teeth we said slick
and I said slick and they used to always
tease you you just come over they say
cry and say chicken look buddy this
little guy just ate for like a good 15
minutes and now he is much happier
hanging out with graham well I guess
this is the last time huh yeah this time
I'll get to see him yeah
are you okay no no it's okay mom
she's coming back for Christmas for
baby's first Christmas right that dude
yeah I'm not doing Christmas until I
have a grandbaby and you gave me a big
to yourself hey guys yeah he's a he's
much happier so we are home now and
Missy is gonna film her one month
postpartum update because I don't know
if you guys have noticed but she pretty
much looks like a fox she like bounced
back right away
yeah I think really late at night so we
have that shot and this on and this
light on to give the illusion of
daylight we're tricking you with
thievery pretty sure that's not what
that word means you are Fox
you look amazing no you don't you have
like two pounds to lose well you look
amazing the way you are I love you I'm
not doing anything I'm sorry just film
your video hey guys okay I'm sorry I
won't do any more
I know it's cuz I'm in here and give you
my update four weeks postpartum actually
I would say about four and a half weeks
at this point and I am feeling so good
alright guys I hope you had a fantastic
day I hope you enjoyed the vlog tomorrow
I'm gonna go to San Diego and take my
mom to the airport because she sadly has
to go back to Idaho shot day but anyway
I'll see you guys tomorrow
mmm I forgot to let Ollie say goodnight
to you guys so here he is
take a night ollie
you know yeah wait
