hey guys so I thought I would do a
little bit of recording tonight for a
two and Oliver starting to class a bit
you need a diaper change baby and as you
can tell mommy swaddled him I can't
swallow very well he always gets out I
am going to attempt to week Bryan up to
take a change friend who changes diaper
what the changes diaper
mm-hmm diaper yes
yeah how much is paper can yell this
paper thing get up go pull it up open up
banging changes diaper go change always
die for Frank
I think he's good you made it to the
bedroom oh so bad Hey
baby boy
hi
baby
you have rolled
do amazing things you ready for your
morning ride you ready
look at you cruising around the bedroom
cruising in my rocking play whoo
that's good this way oh not good way he
don't go visit mommy Scooby the mommy in
the bathroom
Oh Joe come on Joe what yeah well we
crash into the doggie special delivery
hi karma I see you I see your dad and
pop your collar oh yeah he is a little
th ug pound it karma boy what you doing
you wanna join the family up here hey oh
you happy boy day no where are you
growling at these do you see something
outside would you see karma again
personnel care sir parts is their bird
doctor goodie see what do you see what
do you see please II oh okay what do you
see what do you see is there someone in
our backyard is there someone else I can
come on okay okay go on let's go get him
gonna get the bad people in the backyard
go into my block
ah he tricked me bring here boy there's
no bad people out here there's just
sunlight fresh air and alien frisbees
huh that's what you wanted just got got
so I'm getting ready to do a video hi
he's been a little bit fussy yesterday
he was like this perfect baby like this
was so awesome and today he's like I
just want to be held it turns out that
my doctor is actually has jury duty they
had to cancel tomorrow's appointment so
now I'm not gonna be able to do my video
until like the end of the month because
they rescheduled it for September 30th
so that really bums because I was really
looking forward to not only just knowing
all the information about my uterus cuz
I really kind of wanted to get it fixed
pretty soon if I if possible oh well it
kind of sucks I had like the worst
nightmare last night I don't know if any
of you guys have experienced this I've
experienced it a few times but you have
like this terrible nightmare to where
that you wake up and you feel like
you've been crying all night
it's how to dream that like it was
really detailed it was like somebody
like dole Oliver and put him in his put
him in their car and just like drove off
and I was like freaking out and
screaming and crying so I woke up to
that and that's not a good feeling to
wake up to and so now it's just yeah it
is and so now I just feel like off today
sucks and so cute I think I'll just take
it him no definite baby I think every
mom has a dream about someone selling
that baby at something yeah she grabbed
his car seat and just put him in the car
and booked and I was there you know
because of that any time anyone actually
jokes in public about taking him you're
gonna be like back off bitch seriously
I'm just gonna be like no oh we just had
a little crying fit it was so sad I hate
when he cries he really really doesn't
when he does I'm just like oh my god
she's so sad good dolls tears
I think he's going through a growth
spurt again because he's definitely
eating a little bit more and you just to
me seems a little bit like needy like he
just wants to snuggle and cuddle and
sleep a lot we just finished our video I
think it's kid you're not really
we actually it's a favorite things video
which is kind of new for me I haven't
done one of those videos before I
actually snuck Oliver in there because
he's definitely one of my favorite
things came in here earlier looking for
like a toy for Oliver to kind of like
kind of give him something to look at
and karma followed me and I just came in
here and saw that karma looks like karma
went through him this area a little bit
and tried to buy a toy
he's like definitely I did not make this
mess I put all these away so he wants to
gone through this min like what the heck
does toys in here stop right there there
you go
just got Missy's new video up on her
channel go watch it if you haven't
already she's showing off some sexy
nursing bras oh my gosh you guys I've
just um I don't know if you guys can see
but look what I just found
do you see that do you see that what is
that missing is that a gray hair in my
beard seriously seriously are you
kidding me right now
what is this do you see that what is
what leave a gray hair I have a freakin
right here in my beard I carry it do you
see that yeah that's a gray hair right I
think so I'm 23 years old why am I
getting gray hairs it's not even like
grey it's like white you see it's white
hair it I just like I skipped the whole
gray hair thing and went straight to
white hair you salt and pepper now so
that happened today I still cannot
believe the whole gray hair thing like
that's just crazy you guys should leave
a comment below if you have gray hairs
what age were you when you find your
first gray hair this is like turn me
crazy do you have any gray hairs no what
about you lollipop you have any gray
hairs he's like hi hi Katie play hair
guess what
today know what should I know
did I forget anything no we've been
talking out a week night so it's whether
it's a finale okay stammering just blah
blah blah the whole time I lie seconds
is up your 30 seconds is up he only
started watching him to once he got with
me yeah you sucked me into your reality
showed people we're having a quick snack
and look at I get to sit next to ollie
huh I just slid him in here sat right
next to him
Missy's like all Safina decide hey babe
the butter doesn't go on the table it
goes on the bed this he really doesn't
like this bread she says it tastes like
beer okay we're out of tavern it's not
made from beer but it's like a yeast
bread you guys can't see but he's
totally reppin the UK with a shirt that
one of the London bumpers set is there a
koala in UK I don't know okay and the
theme looks like us
and it looks like it might be Australia
okay let's see okay see we're not really
sure it kind of looks like Australia
that looks like the British flag and
that's a koala no I'm pretty sure it is
Australia because I'm pretty sure that
Australia is under like under UK's
government or something is that right I
don't know someone tell us how it works
we sound really stupid right now we are
pretty much completely obsessed with
this calamari
and she was craving it she's like I want
to go and just get calamari Bailey I've
been having really like cravings like
cravings beyond cravings like I need it
right now it's really weird look at this
little guy are you supposed to be
sitting on the speak see that fix it was
a smile and then it turned into like a
weird thing what's over there he's
watching the game watching the game
buddy I need a picture like when see I
grabbed a mint from the thing I wasn't
paying attention it is an empty wrapper
like that I know how happy is you guys
he's like yeah I'm getting out I'm
getting free mommy's getting a wrap on
cuz she's gonna wear you okay she's
gonna wear you like your piece of
fashion coz you are you're the trendiest
little guy around huh huh think it
that's cute little face what did baby
wearing cam oh he just one so we're back
at byebye baby look at all this stuff
it's like crazy looking for a bottle for
Oliver I have not given him a bottle yet
and I really don't want to I'm like
really nervous about it but I'm not an
attempt to do it and I'm looking for the
boob called the QV boob really is a good
model I watched a few reviews and it
looks like a really cool brand and
everything oh I'm gonna try it
mmm oh my gosh you guys look at this
milk trays breast milk feet freezing
system cool you can feel like breast
milk
um popsicles cool probably really good
for teething - oh it fits through bottle
opening
oh so you can put it in there I see
breast milk ice
look at this grip that Oliver has right
now on Missy's hair it's really bad dude
this Ted let it go nope nope nope that's
sorry that's not happening so we just
bought our bottle first bottle I'm like
really upset about it like I I kind of
hope you hate Dane I kind of just hope
that I don't know maybe I mean obviously
I'm probably gonna eat those words later
do you know where you're going
the main goal is to be able to go out
with my husband every once a while still
don't know where you're going look
Miranda sings is gonna be in Hollywood
in October and you really wanna go see
her
I do really wanna go see it and you
can't take Oliver to go see her no we
are preparing his first bottle right now
I just um got a little to ouncer of milk
and thought it and it's done good and
then just actually my mom's getting out
the boiled the boiled bottle which is
just weird to boil your bottle now I got
to prepare this thing here we go guys
baby's first bottle are you like us
weird this is really weird babe
it is really eating difference what is
that
it's a different kind of boob
in his face does he not like it
uh-uh you don't like it ready
wait why is he doing that why is he
making that face yeah I just don't think
he's really faking
he's like what the heck I don't think he
really understands he's doing it though
yeah
are you sad a little bit a little sad
oh so weird singing with a bottle you
guys it's like daddy's turn no I can
actually feed him now he's like oh this
is weird
I don't usually look at your face when I
yeah I'm not a fan of pumping is like
the worst thing ever
it's ugh and it like hurts a little and
now auntie Cassie's gonna give it a try
come on you're next
okay you're gonna give him your bottle
next everyone keeps asking why Claire
bear wasn't in the family photos but
really it's just cuz he's a cat and it's
really like impossible to get a cat to
sit it was a it was pretty much
impossible to get three dogs it's it's
really impossible to get a cat that's it
this guy does what he wants to there's
no way for fridge I may have convinced
my brother could to get him on his way
home for one I'm serious you'd even go
and get the Karma he likes to tell us
when he's hungry are you hungry dude but
he likes to also lie to people like he
will seriously convince everyone in the
house that he hasn't eaten even though
he has did you have dinner tonight
already this time you didn't lie huh
you haven't had I haven't had dinner yet
huh mmm so we just finished watching Big
Brother and Andy one to be honest I
don't really care who won because I just
did not like the end of it I really I
just love a man so much yeah dude
fine Missy like Danny wasn't my fine it
wasn't who I wanted but I think out of
the three he should have won yeah did
you guys watch my brother who watch my
brother let me know in the comments what
you think about Andy winning anyway
enough about Big Brother people who
don't watch Big Brother like quit
talking about Big Brother no one cares
I got a baby over here that's freaking
out hey guy what's wrong life isn't that
hard dude calm down
anyway hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
I'm gonna go ahead and edit here it was
a big day
Ollie used his first bottle today that's
kind of crazy it's kind of like a cool
milestone tomorrow I get to get ready to
stand in the Apple line to get my new so
I will see you guys then
as always thumbs up this video subscribe
see you later bye cut it that way I
guess that's Karma speed see that's why
I don't know if you guys know but in
this house we don't actually make things
we have this really cool thing called
YouTube magic and all I have to do is
like wave my hand over it and it cooks
whoa there they are
see that nice
