good morning guys and a happy Monday for
us it is Sunday so we're gonna do
something we've done it before we're
gonna do one take Sunday so roll the
intro right here okay feature Brian
who's editing this right here baby boy
hi
baby
there's gonna do amazing things
all right so Missy's got some cookies in
the oven are they ready they are just
about ready not ready for you not me I
would like those a little bit more cut
yeah but you should make mine less
cooked and yours more cooked here I
should probably be doing that maybe the
person who's not holding the baby should
be taking the hot cookies out of the
oven
those look good
good more cookies it's not really more I
know I said good morning but it's not
early morning it's like 12:30 so if
you're wondering like oh wow hey cookies
in the morning no cookies in the
afternoon ah you wanna say hi karma Hera
hi si hey guys sit sit be a good boy hi
say hi hi everybody so we just made some
cookies there you're right here and I
was thinking about doing something yeah
I'll break the news okay so I decided to
pump some breast milk today and then I
decided to dare Brian to drink it and so
we thought well if I'm gonna try the
breast milk then at least need cookies
to go along with it right you can't eat
cookies without milk yeah cookies and
breast milk there you go all right so
here is the breast milk that I pumped
it's nice and cold for you I mean you
can't drink milk unless it's cold and
it's not like cold but it's semi cold my
mommy's milk oh gosh this is
embarrassing you want in a bottle or a
cup um how about we keep some of my
dignity and put it in a cup oh we should
get one of those little glass cups we
have
let's check dishwasher oh here we go
I'll drink it out of a mason jar like a
man's drink mom mom mommy's milk like a
Mayan god oh my god this is gnarly I've
never tried this before people have
suggested that I try it I'm very curious
as to how it looks but now that I see it
being pouring into that jar after I
watched it be pumped out of my wife's
boob I'm like I feel a little sick to my
stomach I'm not gonna lie you guys are
you gonna drink the whole thing
are you just drinking like a sip oh I
don't know if it's good I'll drink it
all oh goodness
it's good you'll drink it all sure okay
Oh warm cookie you know oh my gosh yeah
spatula oh my goodness okay quick you
guys leave in the comments below if
you've ever tried breast milk or your
own breast milk or your wife's breast
milk and tell me your experience was it
good was it bad what do you think I
don't know do you find a spatula spatula
one cookie all right so you're gonna eat
the cookie first and then the milk or
the milk and then the cookie I don't
know I'm just I have to try it here take
this oh my gosh Barney he's gonna do it
he's crazy huh
he's just crazy how does it have a smell
really really nice huh hey you guys
smell it look not what you think it
smells like milk really I don't know
kind of does it looks like it looks like
milk yeah it does look like that must be
really good at making milk I all right
I'm really good at pumping it too
apparently I have not pumped yet and I
think I'm gonna start doing it not to
I'm probably weren't gonna feed and
bottles or anything but
just for like just incase if I ever were
to like go to the hospital or need
someone to feed him then I will have at
least some stored up so I tried it today
and I was like you should try my first
pumped milk
my mom said thank god he's in that time
from the tap
okay wait that always makes me think of
Jim Carrey because there was a movie
where he like a woman was breastfeeding
in the park and he like jumped on her
other Brad oh my god I don't he remember
the movie though no there is also
another movie I don't remember it but
where she was so folded she had to go in
the bathroom at one okay this is going
really bad real fast try it
oh okay are you ready yeah are you just
going to a sip oh my gosh I'm so nervous
I'm gonna try this I really hope you
like it
Wow it is not what I was expecting at
all really
it's sweet and it's like it's not really
thick or like is it like regular milk no
it kind of tastes like 1% really like
arm down milk I'll try it again
ah it's really it's really like a mind
trip as a mental thing
Wow is it good is it good or think oh
it's not bad really I make pretty good
milk I'm a friend in Oakland he says yes
you do I can see why he wants to be on
that thing all day it's really like it's
sweet and it's like comforting really
that isn't so you're having a cookie and
you're gonna drink the rest of mine now
I'm not even going for that um cuz my
mind almost made my stomach turn over
the second time yeah I'm just weird
yeah oh that is crazy I can't believe he
tried it honestly I can't really did cuz
I don't think I can I really don't think
I can't okay one night I'm half Joe what
yeah now you have to babe you need to
take a step you should know what this
tastes like oh my gosh I hope
just try it come on now you have to
pressure pressure of the one take Sunday
now you have to do it okay
I really should try it because mhm you
really should know what it takes you
really should yeah but that's just I
make it we heard it okay it's my team
just do it she's come on Alvers like
come on it's not that bad
drink it come on drink it
I get it just do it
weird what do you think what are your
thoughts is sweet it's sweet right it
kind of has a little bit of a caramel
like oh wow
it's like wah sweet water almost yeah
doesn't feel like milk it's like meat
water I can't believe you tried it I
fight oh that was awesome but I can see
I mean it's definitely very sweet yeah
maybe it's just sweet cuz I well I mean
obviously he's not gonna drink it if
it's gross well if he has never had
anything else before he had nothing to
compare it to that's true that's true
just hungry just hungry this one guy
loves the booby don't say the milk is
amazing you guys don't understand it
makes you talk like an acquired taste I
guess black wire you need a cookie
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed one take
Sunday we got like a lot of things that
we've kind of just been putting off so
we're gonna get that taken care of and I
hope you guys had a fantastic Monday hit
that thumbs up button because we just
drank breast milk for you on camera
that's right deserve that
thumbs up I can't believe you did that
really can't believe she did that
anyway I hope you guys had a great
Monday weekend all over all the time oh
here we go
Oliver Kim Oliver can you say hi he's
just sleeping he's kind of boring right
now he's been awake though big blue eyes
has been looking around cute alright
guys we will see you in tomorrow's vlog
back to your normally regular scheduled
programming pretty engaging yells done
we're gonna go explore them all okay hi
little buddy this is actually really
nice
- so that's cool we're all getting
Pettigrew Nesbit Kathleen water's too
hot
it's funny perfect
Cassie spoke for the new she gets
pedicures you like last six trying to
find shoes and this is my section right
here check stop
