baby boy
hi
and daily
new amazing things is the cutest thing
ever
good morning guys look at my hand a
tattoo from yesterday gave my arm
another tattoo while I was sleeping
that's interesting but it's all peeled
off now and it's nice and dark and black
and I like it I like the location I like
what it is I like when I can like a look
in the mirror and see it I just think
that's so cool
busy you're upset ahem he's got to turn
it to the Hulk baby this is leg right
yes what are you doing he's been funny
oh that is not a good way to treat her
she just wiped your butt dude she wept
your butt Oh
Darius there's seriously nothing better
than next day chicken okey soup
am i right I already had a huge bowl of
school for breakfast it was like over
Chloe it's so good this little guys
snappin it finally got him quiet it just
seems like every time I'm carrying him
he gets like all fussy and stuff but I
guess it's just cuz I can't feed him it
he needs food I have to carry him all
the way through the mall while you're
doing your thing
yeah he's talking about how hard it
would be to pee while wearing him like
what am I supposed to do wait he's gonna
he's gonna smile tickle his right cheek
he will smile he's gonna smile that's
what I see it coming I see it coming
there it is there's my baby boy
haha we have been trying to get out of
the house for like two hours now it's
actually pretty funny it's like oh it's
hungry I have to feed him wait now I'm
hungry I have to eat oh now I need a
diaper change
oh I need to do my hair wait now we need
to choose a diaper bag it's like one
thing after another
pretty hilarious but we will get out of
this house and I will be getting right
toes done today thank you we are at the
mall and it is like craziness right now
because it's Saturday so we pretty much
got ourselves into this I hope it's
worth it this little guy is doing good I
got him on me hopefully he stays like
this and he's not like our crying mess
alternate I'll be like and of course you
just got to the mall and Missy needs hot
dog long stood represent
lemonade and they have this blue
raspberry lemonade Alex really really
good mommy's getting our nails done why
shoot
the green hunter greet yeah I know it's
like camo babe come on
she don't know what she's doing all
right we're gonna let mommy get her
nails done we're gonna go explore them
all okay
all right little buddy this is actually
really nice he's really comfortable too
so that's cool
we're all getting pedicure in a bit
Kathy water's too hot
it's funny mrs. Caffey so funny she gets
headaches you like trying to find shoes
and this is my section right here checks
out all from there to there down took me
a whopping 20 seconds to look at all of
them so let's get out of here
it's below this popsicle stand cool I'm
angering him I'm sitting here like
somewhat nervous because Brian's like
got all vers he's walking around with
him and I just hope they're doing okay
kind of like nerve-racking I'm getting a
pedicure
like having mommy time I guess I think
we finished just in time his mom's over
there she's just getting out of ten
perfect nails I know and he's just
starting to turn red get a little fussy
hey Casey all right we just finished our
toes here they are Tippett that was
pretty nice
it looks like he's coming still alive
good I win
good job I won the game are you okay
he's literally just starting to move
around and stuff okay really should beat
him up everyone went oh my gosh is he
cause in five minutes so sad no my baby
sad yeah he's ready ready and I'm sad
I seriously have zero signal oh there's
a little one
it came back Missy it came back they
came back we are at the family restroom
for family so we can all pee together
yeah I don't really know where that's at
but I'll hurricane fussy so taking care
of boos nose and this blue raspberry
lemonade is just about gone so I'm I
have to take every business person -
well let's hear it dude let it out let
it go - good one out look at the Bell
chop okay I guess let me demonstrate no
story cuz these phones going crazy look
at it it's like where you can't see but
it's at 7% and she's hardly used it so
worthy she was battery from and I'm
pretty sure it's not just all candy
crush so I'm gonna say for that's going
on so it always comes to Tracy's great
$75 here when I'm at the mall and I
never can find anything like everything
just a little buy something I would wear
or doesn't fit me or just please
freaking expensive I think I probably
sound like some cute little pants that
were on sale so thank God I can find
meat in my card I'm really excited
look at this little dude just hanging
out shop with his llama he's actually
shopping with it
I'm done shopping but he's just being so
good and looking around being adorable
unusual hey boy how could he be I know
he's being very cute
hey Maya - OH with empty they're fixing
it she got her nails all fixed you think
you want to keep those ones for a little
bit more than five minutes this time
they're dry oh that even today
Oh see don't leave until they dry she's
like locking you down right done - done
- done the thumb to thumb to thumb to
thumb to thumb to da new iPhone well
it's got a new battery in it for you now
what'd it look like people yeah you
didn't know that you always had a case
on it but it's got a brand new battery
now hey my fault
you do play a lot of candy crush but not
that much you blame me for in this dead
battery but really we just picked up
this fancy new case I think it's going
to
running out of time
he's like a ticking time bomb yeah
like a whole new phone look how pretty
it is and it should last longer make a
cutie let me see you
hey Gary threat Oh wha this one hurt Oh
these dogs on drug yeah yeah you can
catch anything such a baller what you
doing boy what you doin boy you were in
my arms what you doing boy so Missy is
going through all of all of us clothes
just trying to organize things and put
things away
I guess there's still some things that
don't even have hangers on them so yeah
we're gone through all of all of us
clothes and check this out you guys this
is all 0 to 3 months babe yeah it might
be a few 3 to 6 oh really
6 months there's so many clothes here
though we need to get him in the oh
they're pretty wide he's probably got a
little ways to fit in these we got to
find myself a green and white striped
v-neck though so he can match daddy and
daddy's mean eggs you have lots of
clothes did you know that yeah you've
got the hiccups me what can you do for
babies that have hiccups anything you
just gotta let them have hiccups it is a
beautiful night out so we're hanging out
outside and of course Carmen loves when
we hang outside how'd you lower huh
where's your ball all right you ready
you ready for this whoo time to dark out
here all right
ready okay crystal ball where's the ball
where's the ball give me let me see the
ball let me see the ball he just walked
away he doesn't even care anymore and of
course we have to bring our you tube
outside with us because that's where
it's at you guys you tube el and I want
to let you guys know that Nelson at the
helm did release their new music video
for hey girl and I will link it in the
description but go watch it it's the
first video what sort of music video
that ever really directed for like a
band or anything and I shot and I edited
and directly the whole thing so go check
it out and show them some love because
they're not very good with like social
media like promotion or anything so you
guys should go watch it at and share it
with all your friends Missy just
acquired a new set of skills you guys
check this out
whoa can you go the other way
I think Carver's getting excited go why
you can't go the other way you can go
one way but not the other
dang get you Missy fancy two years even
now finally I know it's been two years
since she could do things like that
run thumbs up for Missy getting her body
back making burgers
yeah well we did so good on this grill
when we enemies rib eyes know what I
went I wish we had a meat grinder like
Benji from his life because he does half
bacon half beef that's that's not like
way too much like no sexy vandala
flippin good burgers are done and this
is how jimmy is eating his mercury it's
possible right that is epic that is epic
Jimmy that's the American burger that's
like that's like the epitome of the
American dream you know that California
California style and Oliver is hanging
out with what are we calling him Papa
okay he did a long time since my dad had
the trip interview you know moms me me
me me and you you know I was hanging out
with Papa a long time since he has had
to prepare meal with a baby in his arms
yep and look at his arm is like things
like mi
all of us Great Gatsby alright guys I
hope you enjoyed the vlog I'm gonna just
wrap it up Missy fell asleep with baby
Ollie downstairs and so they are
sleeping on the couch right now but I
just want to let you guys know that we
appreciate you thank you for watching
the vlog if you liked it hit the thumbs
up button and if this is your first vlog
subscribe I hope you guys had a
fantastic weekend and as always we will
see you guys tomorrow
good bye good bye bye now bye bye now
bye now right yeah bye bye thanks for
coming thanks for coming thanks come by
okay see you later
we're in Oceanside look at this little
beach bum you guys let's go get away
okay say what they're gonna say have a
drink
clink down to milk
