we're an oceanside
baby boy toys hi
he's on baby
you have rolled
amazing things uh so this is my morning
I have been neglecting my laundry as you
can see I just do so much other laundry
that our laundry gets neglected so I've
been starting with this but I'm trying
to work fast because we are headed down
to the beach we're gonna go have lunch
on the pier so I'm really excited about
that but we have to get moving I gotta
get things going
oh yeah Oliver ready I gotta get me
ready I gotta turn myself into something
decent and I got I'd start a little
longer because this is not good this
isn't good karma looks depressed because
you're giving all the attention you
still love you karma give me see if I
can go upstairs hi boy hi come got money
good morning morning look at his lip
right now always falling off really go
to the beach boy we're gonna attempt to
go down to Oceanside and meet my mom
there and hang out for a little bit so
it's all of his first trip to the beach
it's gonna be a little good at the beach
each let's go get away hey hey whatcha
gonna say I have a dream ring down to
milk nod light being milk
hi bad mom poor karma really thinks he's
going I just opened the door and he like
ran out thinking that he was gonna go
but he can sorry maybe next time kay
kind of kid mmm all right goodbye
done pretty good this ride we're almost
there and we are like an hour late I
guess that's just what
you have a baby just it's hard to like
get out of the house on time everything
together I did not I just like totally
don't even realize how long it takes to
like make sure he's ready I'm ready
we got everything it's just it's hard
we're an oceanside look at this little
beach bum you guys so cute definitely
seeing the beach beach let's go get away
okay
say what they're gonna say have a drink
clink down to milk we cannot feed him
Bud Light not yet anyway you got at
least a couple more weeks get a job you
bum
his mom exercise right here going up the
hill okay you can do it there you go
there you go
all right we're trying to find Graham
and can't seem to find her
and it's weird cuz usually when she's
close you know because she's very vocal
right oh I think I see her I see her we
found you and you're wearing your shirt
and so are you the city network that is
yours I matured together we had shades
on but then they were kind of annoying
him so yeah as long as he shaded Oh
precious oh my gosh are we starving
we're starved BK we're we eating out
there yeah it's engraved
Missy Oliver we are going to Ruby's and
this is the famous bait shop and usually
there's a Pelican over here yeah we got
a lot of
Henry oh we did look man there's the
pelican DCOP yes you guys oh my god hey
buddy hey buddy
Oliver that's a pelican in that cool
yeah thank you a pretty darn close to it
Oh
get closer Bob oh wow excuse to people
I'm sure he bites stupid people isn't
this cool Oliver is your first Pelican
meeting you just so cute my darling
get his little tank top he's got on it's
got a darling young cute months huh
three men dumped it he's in a 0 to 3
month outfit
oh no tiny when the other ones were
really big you'll be fine
got pretty doggies you see those dogs
yes here huge baby
hi puppy wait what did you say I was a
holding a baby I will take this all he's
enjoying himself is getting some rest
yes wait what where is his hand over his
face yeah
no pictures please a big choice you and
we are eating some lunch down at Ruby's
on the pier I'm eating fish and chips I
see little starfish down here and you
see them first if you can see them but
they're orange and they're down there
they're hugging the pole they're so cute
and if you can't see there's actually
also dead starfish up there it's kind of
gross like I say when they catch them
they throw them up there which seems
like I should be illegal Pelican is back
he's still cleaning himself he must be
OCD huh do you guys see he's in his
little dinosaur hoodie Secutor thing in
the world enough to let him wear his
first jacket yeah it's got a little
dinosaur on it and it's actually getting
kind of small for him there's actually
the first baby clothes we ever bought
okay baby boy hey it's okay check it out
you guys apparently that pelicans name
is Charlie he hangs out right there
that's his little spot by the bait shop
that is so cool I've got gone to push
before really how big was it when I was
a little girl I caught one he's about
that big that's so cool after it was
spread out yeah a little tiny head
uh-huh
went on a fishing pole down in Mexico oh
my gosh we need on it that we are we
think that this surfboard has a motor on
the end but we don't know look so we're
gonna take him back out no okay really
this person is there's something on it
you really think there's something on it
we did see it flip over and we didn't
see anything so it just comes out a
little hole she won't fit in
the other surfers got a motor on it I
know it's kind of chilly wait a minute
getting way out and back in and way out
back in teacher no other servers keine
or even getting out there they can't
even get out there yeah yeah yeah not
ones hauling butt on and it go do they
really have surfboards with motors now
cuz they have something that's so great
he's a bird coming bird coming
don't pee on me don't pee on me oh it's
a pelican - that'd be a big word do you
guys remember when we were here with my
buddy Jared and his wife Rachelle we
actually filmed a music video on this
pier and all like in this area like
right on the beach and stuff it would
turn out so good though and I finally
finished it so hopefully they're
releasing it really really soon and I
will let you guys know because it's
pretty amazing and it's like all in this
area you did get impressive huh those
now is this stuff peels off I got other
stuff too you can see you can see the
answer right here that one is so much
better this Sena is water soluble and
your skin is just a bunch of pores
it's like a sponge so it'll last for
four weeks if you are really diligent
about your protecting it from water
grams turn she's getting all tatted up
now ready for the office let me see mom
boom there it is oh and you want it on
you you got to get it permanent I think
your aunt Bev is getting up doing I know
how she did it twice okay
she really liked it look I like a
wandering eye to get more flavor buddy
what is that he's very gassy
you got some major stuff coming out of
you huh are you gonna get Oliver's name
on it too
yeah Graham
I like that that's cool huh yeah don't
push me
I love them
science turn what do you guys think he's
gonna get you feeling that pain oh man
comfy operations dad there it is
nice people actually suggested this one
and it's really cool ya like it cuz it's
pretty subtle yes
crazy me and Oliver yeah rubbing it
against ya walking off right now it's
really cool too I like it
I might get really used to it and then
just might want to baby there we go okay
got a shark on this one oh he's got the
coolest clothes you guys we planted
outfits I know
Missy I just I love I love that that is
so cool
like his name yeah comes ugly without
you guys that is so cool then I'll
suddenly started putting it thicker and
nice oh it looks so good to you buddy
that's your name and I like the little
heart in the top of the anchor yeah did
you notice that did you tell him to do
that yeah it's time to use taking the
artistic ability and go for it yeah
you've seriously become a pro at this
and I see it is so cool
like anywhere we are you can just throw
them in there it's not like it's the
easiest it took they came out a couple
times
oh there's something on you guys he
nothing now you're clean good job I know
you guys see him he's probably like oh
he's cranky and fussy but now look at
him he's all happy because he just ate
hey buddy
hi he's like this is outside
so weird I never knew my father
get it from fighting diva you know I'm
right here I'm right here okay yeah Oh
Oh got a little crazy there for a second
I'm sorry Missy just keeps scratching
her stop let it go you're smearing it I
know mine's starting to peel a little
but I don't want to peel it I want to
just let it sit for a little longer yeah
like his name in cursive like that - oh
we better get on your head boy what's
that on your head because I happen to
bring his monkey hat I just put it on
him really fit in the sundae look so
cute was it a little monkey years - it
is just a little monkey all right we had
a fun beach day but now we got to go
home I'm sowwy
say goodbye to Oliver goodbye buddy
I love you we'll see you again okay
he'll see you again okay
you know when you're on a long drive and
sometimes just need a snack well this
guy needed a snack Oliver has been awake
this entire trip since he ate he's just
been
looking around and not sleeping yeah
he's just like awake and looking around
alright guys we are home now
oops I just shut that really really loud
mad or something we are home now and
look what we got look what we got
chicken nugget soup chicken nuggets ooh
Bravo I didn't say that brain is way
more obsessed with this now than I I
literally I want it every single day you
guys every single day and know what's
really cool is we ordered a half garlic
and we ordered a half gallon from Olive
Garden I think it's like $12 for a half
gallon of chicken or soup but they ran
out of the half gallon Tupperware things
so they put it in a full gallon thing
they filled up halfway but they
definitely filled up more than halfway
so we got extra chicken gnocchi soup
I'm so excited babe oh sorry I'm really
excited I need a strong dad and guess
what Big Brother Big Brother we missed
last night's episode and so we're gonna
watch it today because we her it was cry
cry who's watching big brother let me
know in the comments what you guys
thought of the last episode because
Missy's mom watched it without us
rude and we heard it was be crazy who
miss Karma today Carmen did you miss
everyone
did you miss everyone did you miss me
you're gonna attack me you could check
hey hey you made the crab fall off the
fridge
okay so Missy is taking a bath with
Oliver hun to show you guys this cuz
it's the cutest thing ever
he's just like floating
he loves it he's so like relaxed that is
so funny
mmm he's like am I in the womb what's
happening what is this he's like so
relaxed
hanging them it's like I'm totally chill
dude totally Cho Oliver is nice and
clean and hopefully getting tired
for bed huh it's time for bed digits
finish Big Brother and they left us
hanging which means that that gives
people a chance to tell us you know what
ends up happening cuz some people read
ahead and like know what's going on on
Big Brother when they haven't actually
said it on this show so street
yeah it's not fair so don't tell us
don't tell us you made it back in the
house don't tell us who won eight to
eight if you do if you see it
someone should download it so we don't
see it because we hate to ruin the
surprise it sucks so bad so please don't
tell us we're really really excited we
like to wait for the show
my brother he likes to read ahead and we
make him not tell us cuz we do not want
to know you're gonna let mommy sleep
tonight he's like hi alright pretty
exhausted right now cuz obviously we
were out all day so no nap was able to
be taken so I was up all night last
night and I was up all day and hopefully
I'm not up all nights nice but we will
see alright guys so I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog we headed to bed we'll
see you guys smile right oh wait your
boy yeah that's hard really strange yeah
I'm definitely gonna be getting into
yoga again I'm so excited just waiting
for me to just recover a little bit more
and then I'm starting to get like my
flexibility back where I can like do my
bend over and balance and all that like
a normal person
