that is how you do it keeping it classy
what uh that's so cool
drinking his coke riding his horse yeah
baby boy honey
baby
I knew amazing things good morning buddy
hey been governing see hi dad hi oh ha
he's a happy baby this morning
yeah thanks huh exploring the world he
goes crazy with his head sometimes why
do I want to look where do I want to
move it to I am getting ready for the
day actually I'm gonna be all day
shooting a wedding so I'm gonna be gone
all day kind of a bummer but I love
shooting weddings cuz they're a ton of
fun but I actually woke up with this
sharp pain in my stuff it's like right
there like right there I have no idea
what it is but it's like I get this
sharp pain every once in a while I'm
totally not being a hypochondriac Missy
is totally making fun of me in her head
right now but seriously I have the sharp
pain it almost feels like I held my
bladder too long and not like bladders
like so or something what do you guys
think it could be because it hurts and I
really hope it goes away and not sure
like I went I got up and I got I'm with
pee this morning and nothing like hurt
or anything but yeah it definitely
feeling some pain no it's supposed to
hurt um hang on ready
ah appendicitis is when I press and then
when I pull out it hurts well that hurt
were you we're just that now no but
you're but it's hurting when I go yeah
it hurts when you press on it not when I
pull out yeah so that usually just means
you have gas miss kidding I don't know
this is my bladder sort of off to the
right I don't know you guys have hurts
though and I hope it goes away cuz I'm
gonna have a busy day what do you say
god I've gotta there you go
oh you want a kiss kiss me yeah he has
to give you a kiss yes can you beat him
he gives you a kiss bye boys I gotta say
goodbye to my voice
oh my gear and I gotta go karma you're
gonna be okay without me today I need
you to man down the fort you're the
young or you're the oldest okay so it's
all up to you
don't let Oliver do anything naughty
okay no chicks no chicks dude you think
I eat them chicks right buddy
love you says the runnings a target to
grab some batteries well look at these
cute little puppies hey puppies hi oh
you guys are cute Missy would die right
now hey you get ready for the day coming
the truth you have a tude or do you have
to choose - torchic got some batteries
because batteries are photographers best
friend you guys well to be honest
they're my Flash's best friend because
my flash will eat these babies Oh dog is
a man's best friend
batteries photographers best friend
redbull so it's gonna be a long day
redbull is um tired people's best friend
yeah so Brian is off for the day so mean
Oliver having mommy baby day and so you
guys got me to entertain you today what
do you think we should do today
really
know what we're gonna do I will say that
I'd like to get some stuff done around
the house but we haven't been able to
decorate downstairs like hang things up
and stuff since we moved in just because
I was super pregnant and then I had
Oliver and so we just kind of been
putting it off putting off some kind of
hoping to maybe get some stuff hung up
on the wall and really sucks but I
remember I was telling you guys like a
week ago that my mom's back has been
awesome and she's just like she's like
was healed it was a miracle and we were
like we've been so thankful like she was
able to be at the birth and there she's
had really almost no problems and then
like this week it just went downhill and
now she's basically back to she can
still do stuff but not very much
and she's definitely in a lot of pain
and we're just getting worried that
we're getting back to where she was a
few months ago
definitely a subsetting because we
thought we were in the clear
turns out we're not and I don't know if
she's going to end up having to do the
surgery in the end or what but that is
part of the reason why we also haven't
been able to get stuff done around the
house so I'm gonna be doing stuff today
a little Oliver's gonna help me hey so I
know six shirts you made oh thanks you
like this yeah I'm hungry there with one
with me on it well I we might be might
you really want one with your face on it
jab you pass out yo also why don't you
sell the nice eyes
well to be fair zombie you're a little
small hey heal your god small little
Ollie is taking a nice little nap
hopefully he stays like that for Alfa's
trying to get stuff done get stuff
cleaned up and I thought I take a break
and play with karma karma got some yummy
little treats
hey giving you your Moo juice yeah I got
some treats yesterday they're baked
delights they're with April apple
flavored filling and real bacon that to
me does not sound appetizing I will
attempt to show you guys some of his
tricks you got some tricks huh I guess
this room is kind of turned into Karma's
play area where you keep some of his
toys huh this will you keep your toy
you need a toy box down here so that you
can put your toys away huh oh geez wink
he's like yeah I do all right let's see
if I can show you some tricks I
seriously don't even want to like smell
these they sound disgusting apple
filling in bacon that's a horrible sound
okay dick Oh
roll over okay fine you though these
treats aren't the easiest cuz takes for
room - um okay ready
Bing no karma no come on come on come on
come yet okay sit no karma come here oh
my god karma I don't want to do that one
I don't know where I am but on the side
of the road there is a man on a horse
drinking a coke see not lying
that is how you do it keeping it classy
what uh that's so cool drink is coke
riding his horse yeah it reminds me of
where I grew up in this leg go ol little
hick town it must be like in a hick town
somewhere okay Bing yeah no not roll
over come here
oh no no such a brat karma seems to have
forgotten all his tricks there when I
say stick him up he's was a stick up his
arms and then I say bang and he plays
dead but he seems to have forgotten
ready Bing huh no Bing he's like I give
up Bing he's nothing good try now I give
you the treat high five yeah all right
simple you need some training lessons
again he seems to have forgotten all his
tricks way down he's done he's like
you're not giving me any treats lady not
doing tricks for you
you guys I almost stepped on this little
guy see if I can catch him look how he
disappeared oh my gosh is the hot one
you today it's
to be over a hundred degrees and it's so
boiling hot already okay so I'm sitting
here about to go in I have a wedding to
shoot but the vlog is went live and
people are ordering shirts like crazy
you guys I'm sweet you guys have no idea
what that means to us oh my gosh like we
put so much hard work into this and to
see it like starting to pay off is so
cool I'm just so stoked so thank you
Casey thank you April thank you share
Shelby thank you David shake you Alana
shinky Thank You Ali thank you Jen my
phone is blowing up you guys are so cool
so if you guys haven't bought a shirt go
into the description and check him out
I'm gonna be I'm gonna be sending direct
messages to everyone who orders one and
tells me that they ordered one with a
little confirmation so thank you this is
insane and like freaking a phone is
blowing up right yeah that actually
reminds me last night I was taking the
trash out with Brian and he told me that
last time he was out here he saw a huge
blizzard he said it was like six inches
long and it was like the biggest lizard
he ever seen and it was pitch dark and I
started screaming it was like the worst
thing ever I was so scared oh my gosh it
is seriously so hot out there it's like
really bad I am listening the maddest
iris do not judge we have to have music
on at all times otherwise Oliver gets
really upset and he might also be
watching - you need to close your eyes
guard yourself I'd have just made a huge
mess because I got out everything so we
can start decorating and then I got
super sidetracked with all these
pictures and I start Instagram pictures
because I just figured out that Oliver
actually looks a lot like me okay guys
okay it looks a lot like me and it kind
of makes a mommy sad when all everyone
says is he looks just like Brian or it's
the one that gets me the most is you may
as well just be holding a baby Brian
that like really that like really as I'm
nursing my baby I do not like to think
of him as my husband but anyways so I
instagrammed this picture and this is of
me and my mommy look it she's so pretty
and yeah that is
is me but I think that that actually
looks a lot like this guy
I don't know obviously I don't want to
look like me because I'm a girl and he's
a boy but at the same time to have a lot
of features you know I definitely think
he has my eyes and stuff like that so I
ran into this picture that me and my
sister we had family trick pictures done
almost 10 years ago okay now we get to
look back at them and just laugh okay so
just give it a second to really sink in
exactly what's going on in this picture
and but this was a posed picture by the
photographer okay so if you can't tell
I'm holding my little sis that's Cassie
in my arms she told me a flower a fake
flower she's not allowed to smile and
I'm looking down it I am wearing this
weird flower crown so is she
basically picking up with this and now
we seriously just sit here and look at
it I'm on my way home and I gotta say
it's days like these I'm so thankful for
Apple Maps on my iPhone I've literally
never get anywhere you guys but I become
dependent on it and I think I become
dependent on technology a lot thumbs up
right now if you guys are dependent on
technology that's just our generation I
guess that's how we grew up and yeah
I've totally become dependent on Apple
Maps I literally would never get any
work let me know in the comments what is
your favorite iPhone or Android
I guess I'll throw Android Apple
lying and violence I think my favorite
app is probably well I've become related
to the YouTube app and the Tumblr app
because now I'm obsessed with tumblr and
Apple maps those are like my top 3 most
used apps I thought I would actually
talk about something that's been kind of
bugging me I guess funny because the
comments are usually really really
awesome and I absolutely love reading
the comments one thing is that if it's a
hater you can usually tell I get to hate
her or something those don't hurt me
it's the comments that phrase the
question as though they are trying to be
concerned or there but at the same time
they're not being concerning because
they're actually hurting you
unlike obviously with having a little
baby we get a lot of advice and we
appreciate some of the advice because as
new parents advice is fine and we do put
ourselves out there today or the other
day someone commented and said that they
felt Oliver was too small and he seemed
not alert she was phrasing as though she
was concerned but at the same time being
hurtful and I just want to take this
time to kind of like mention that it's
not really very nice and I don't know
what she was trying to accomplish by
telling me that she thinks Oliver is
small and not alert and obviously Oliver
is perfectly fine and he is perfectly
alert and you guys do have to remember
that you only see this you know a tiny
part of our day I think that a lot of
people need to realize if they're not
going to say it to their best friend or
their sister you should try not to put
it in a comment especially to a new mom
like I said the most part our comments
are amazing and I love reading
everything from you guys because you
guys are like so sweet and so
encouraging and I would say that like we
have the best subscribers look at this
cute little snuggle muffin oh no oh I
missed you so much
mmm I miss you so much today did you
miss me I'm gonna say that was a yes I
totally did you are amazing am i right
it's that time you ready take a bath you
not being like all day haven't you he's
not bath time huh hashtag dad live
taking divers out of the dryer dick and
drivers out of the dragon excuse me
he shoots and scores
one for dad I got diapers and there is a
very naked baby over her teeth huh
what does it call Missy when you spin
around / / wet pearl wet whoa whoa okay
almost awesome meows hang on whoa how
many times is that house many times
without you guys okay one more
Oh whew that's enough you guys are
probably all about to hurl said we
wouldn't do any more than 100 but I mean
we already did more so I think we're
gonna leave ordering open until the end
of this weekend so by Sunday night at
midnight I have to shut it all down
oh that's gonna be really fun though to
watch them get made and then you guys
are gonna watch us like ship them out
and stuff anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog give it a thumbs up if you did
subscribe to our channel if you haven't
already will she got shot good bye
spooky check out this crazy rap he's
like ahh yeah that guy's looking June
what's Friday the 13th it's like the
scariest day of the year when there was
the last Friday the 13th we had I don't
know what you did proposed to me on a
Friday the 15 oh my gosh she's never
gonna let that down is she can I get a
little school it's only $1
