take up my name hi oh my goodness okay
that's good it's good
come on tell-tell come on baby boy
Rizzoli
you have rolled
new amazing things good morning this
little guy is jamming out today aren't
you
he's just resting on my chest here his
legs or he's actually like sitting up on
his knees this is the only way he was
comfortable what are you doing what are
you doing
we still haven't clipped his finger so I
had to put this blanket here because he
was scratching the crap out of me
weren't you see hey guys
so here's know we won that Britax
stroller
well we've yet to really use it we took
it to the park but we haven't used it
just because we have that base umm for
the old frame in our car already and
it's like in there really really good
and I hate to take it out but Missy
wants to switch over so this is the new
base now I gotta place it that one hey
guys so me and Oliver are getting ready
for the day right now aren't we
I am super super excited I am going down
to get my hair done it has been so long
since I've dyed my hair I didn't feel
comfortable doing it while I was
pregnant and so really I've had like my
plane like basically this is my natural
hair color and it's been like this for
like a year and I'm so ready to get do a
nice little change and so I might even
get some highlights and stuff like that
so I'm really really excited I can't
wait to see how it turns out as you can
tell my car is a total mess don't look
at it don't look at it you guys don't
look look turn away me my mom are
actually gonna go do it together um
which means Brian is gonna have to watch
this little guy today just for a little
while Brian's gonna come with us and
then maybe just kind of walk around with
Oliver and if I need to feed him I can
still feed him and stuff but I'm not
gonna lie totally just install this
thing like a bowls what up he didn't so
cute day yeah so I'm so excited I can't
wait to do a nice little change and have
a little girl day I clean the back of my
car yeah
he seems to love his new car seat he's
already asleep and um I love it it's
actually really really nice and um seems
really comfortable but I definitely one
of my like things when I wanted when we
were buying one as I wanted it to be
like comfortable and have likes
machinist to it and it definitely does
and he seems to like it
it seems more comfortable to me like he
gets to sit up a little bit more than
lay back so that's nice and Brian did a
great job putting the the basin because
that's that was complicated the last
time we did it anything seems to fit
pretty well so that's good just drop me
off at her hair appointment and now I am
starving so I'm gonna run and grab
something to eat but I've got my little
buddy a little buddy Oliver in the back
you just and you cruisin my daddy huh
it's actually the first time I've ever
been alone with him while out and about
so pretty much I have a ticking time
bomb on my hands buckaroo bear he could
pretty much cry and want the boob at any
time and I can't do that I can't do that
but I'm hungry so I gotta eat and miss
he's got to get our heard but he seems
pretty peaceful back there hey buddy you
wanna you want onion ring there Namie
huh look at daddy's crazy driving didn't
even faze him he sound asleep bunchy
what do babies dream up when they take a
little baby schmooze Brian - we should
bring out the car destroyed - I'm having
a heck of a time getting all over out of
the car it's like you got it
so I'm actually at the salon right now
waiting to get my hair done but Brian's
been having a heck of time with this
stroller and car seats of so there he is
it did it we were watching you
brilliant come upstairs watching me
struggle yeah this is getting her fur
done I like that look
Oh
oh he's smiling hey guys
I have to say the stroller was kind of a
pain in the butt to um like unfold and
fold but it's actually really
comfortable all he's enjoying himself
right boy we're actually just taking a
little stroll Oh mommy gets a hard-on
it's really nice outside I did it I have
new hair okay I just got it done not
super --dress --dress --dress drastic is
the word you're looking sure asting know
just dress dress dress very rustic it's
not lost it's pretty subtle and I just
got like this little caramel color near
my bangs and around my face and kind of
just lightens up my hair and I really
like it my mom got her super blonde as a
show it does so this is my hairdo now I
mauled my mother did you're ready I'm
ready
karma we've been gone all day huh you're
like Jay someone's home someone to play
frisbee with whoohoo let go I'm not
doing this not doing this it hurts when
he pulls it cuz this one's like really
crappy he's so excited he's like oh I
love this one the sonic tusks every time
I think of it I think of xenon girl the
21st century do you guys remember that
movie leave in the comments if you
remember that movie oh my gosh that
movie was so cool come on stop it but I
think it's like Sonic like like it's
like futuristic it's a sonic discs oh I
got it
yeah when Disney had the coolest movies
back in the day the original movies
karma I swirl squirrel I think my
favorite one was the 13th year where the
kid turns into a mermaid
well Mr Man and xenon girl the 21st
century I was like I loved that movie
but yeah Disney movie had our Disney
Channel had like the best movies tease
you out did you ever watch any Disney
Channel movies yeah
Disney girl the one that she does she's
like lives in the Space Station yeah
seriously sick what
what were your top two favorite Disney
movies I know I keep asking you guys
questions but it's so much fun like yes
like I got to learn like what your
guys's favorite social media sites are
now were you a Disney person or
nickelodeon person and what was your
favorite Disney Channel original movie
look cool drop it you guys check out
Missy's hair she is hot you guys she is
on fire are you ready for this are you
ready for this
was that awesome or what
that was totally like the weirdest
funniest friends moment ever when they
do that but thumbs up for sexy Missy hey
boy are you in - oh he's like this again
look it's my little assistant you guys
it's my little assistant buddy
hi check out this little thug rocking
his swing and his camera t-shirt
actually that looks like the same camera
that's on our YouTube banner go look at
it right now and tell me guys it does it
looks pretty dang close I don't know if
ours has that little button on it but he
rocks it and look at this he's got like
his rides all lined up this is like this
is like MTV baby cribs right you hit
right here and he's got all his
different strollers he's like which one
do I want to choose I live a luxurious
life I get to choose my car seat huh I
am doing dinner tonight and we're gonna
make some flicking rods steak I means
chicken that's how I used to say chicken
when I was little I stay like him but
yeah making some chicken-fried steak I
got them all tenderize we got gravy
we got taters boiling Missy of course is
running to the store because we can't
have everything
hey I'm Carter blogging I am in car vlog
in a really long time actually headed to
the store with my sister
I'm just running to the store to get
eggs and milk
even we just went grocery shopping this
week a people in this house were you a
to my whoa like I was doing a fancy move
on his motorcycle oh you guys missed it
sounds yummy my mom used to make
chicken-fried steak all the time when I
was little and my grandma too actually
when I lived with her I guess it's no
surprise that I was one chubby little
boy I'm getting milk and eggs I always
seem to accidentally say cookies because
what comes after milk cookies stuff so I
think that kind of means I'm gonna have
to get some cookies too thank you we get
media ones where my last assistant like
why did I bring me yet
I always love shopping and my dad my dad
would um I've always sent him to the
store with a very strict list on exactly
what she was he supposed to get and he
would always get like cookies and milk
and it was always the best to a shopping
with him like the best thing ever
well it was a pain in the butt to cook
but I finished it and everyone's eating
it how is it messy delicious I did okay
yeah really good I don't know if we're
totally allowed to do this or if we can
but we got baby Hali sitting in is Bumbo
oh yeah you like it that much huh
couple more weeks buddy maybe for his
im2 month update um he'll be sitting in
this next day yeah look at all those
diapers that we can't use anymore you
guys cuz he's too big yeah they're gonna
go to your brother or sister you're in
my shot
just kidding we got baby Olly Missy's
gonna shoot a video video video killed
the radio star and Oliver it's gonna be
don't look at any of this by the way
when I show you our messy rooms you're
not supposed to look at okay um we're a
little bit behind on cleaning things up
okay you guys don't touch no judge no
hate Oliver is gonna be in Missy's video
and hopefully he stays Hey look how cute
baby Ollie's being he's being like a
little like he looks like a little
toddler boy like he's like standing up
and was sitting up he just he's growing
up so much you guys can you believe it
hey guy baby oli is chilling out with
Daddy I'm I want to show you guys I
introduce some t-shirt designs in
yesterday's vlog but I made a small
small tweak per your suggestions so this
is with the anchor one that I have and a
lot of people were like why is this a
2013 well we actually started the vlogs
in 2013 so it's kind of a big year for
us so I put a little established at the
top to sort of represent that have you
guys seen little Ollie's belly button
we're almost certain it's
bilbo hernia but I mean we haven't got
it confirmed because it I mean I'd
rather have it been be told to me by his
pediatrician but yeah it's kind of not
fun to look at and we often like to
stick it back in there
the statement state and it's like
squishy and weird and like but I know it
does hurt or anything it's pretty common
for newborns to get an umbilical hernia
but it's just really creepy and keep
your belly button in stay good but
especially when he starts like straining
it like pops out like oh my god but I
got away huh little dude he's drilled
I'm sorry I hit he was ready for bed he
just so good at night you guys is I my
guys say I am pretty stinking lucky
because especially now we're get
starting to get into like a little
routine I'm able to UM swaddle him rock
him and then I put laying down and he
kills it he'll even sit there and be
awake for a little while and then he'll
usually fall asleep but he sleeps a good
4 to 5 hours sometimes straight and then
he wakes up and he eats and I burp him
and if I don't fall asleep he goes back
to bed in his little rock and play but
sometimes like fall asleep with him on
my chest cuz I um I'm so tired he just
did a good baby
knock on wood knock on wood please don't
change okay
what are you doing karma come here come
to the table go to the table
come on come to the table hi is this one
of your toys set lay down roll over good
boy
I want to put it on his nose wait setup
here OOP Oh nope nope oh it's stuck a
stuck
ha ha ha ha all right guys everyone's
sleeping so I want to end the vlog in
here um but I did want to let you know
that the shirts are coming along very
nicely hopefully I'll have a really good
update for you guys tomorrow
I want you guys to be able to order by
this weekend so at the end of the
weekend hopefully it's up and we can do
it and before ordering goes like to I
want to do a small giveaway so we can
give someone a free shirt and then open
up ordering really really excited about
that some
I'm working on for a long time and
trying to just bring the fruition so
that'll be super fun but I hope you guys
had an awesome day and you enjoyed the
vlog if you did give it a big ol fat
thumbs up
hopefully Missy's cameras here tomorrow
because she likes taking this one from
me because it's my cameras a lot nicer
alright bye guys good morning guys
Missy's off to her six-week postpartum
visit actually and she gave me a choice
warning I am heading out of town again
I'm actually headed to my doctor's
appointment
looking forward to it
we're going to find out maybe speaking
about my viewers and maybe
