that was too much for one little baby
home yeah
oh you spit up
baby boy toys hi
you have no
is going to do amazing things
good morning guys as you know yesterday
I took a little tumble downstairs and I
gave myself a fat lip but it doesn't
look like it's that swollen oh it does
look a little swollen
that's not that bad though it could have
been a lot worse and I'm a little
scuffed up but I'm good I'm alive woke
up this morning feeling good
I surrender please don't shoot hey buddy
good morning he's got his head go up
like that how are you oh yeah I'm good
grandma's gonna come see you again today
kay so wake up get awake my mom is
changing a cloth diaper for the first
time no Beverly warplots
is my sister yes my sister wasn't cloth
diaper yes she was okay came on that one
needs to go there and then that one
stretches to that one show ruler you got
a bunch it he's actually being really
calm for her too which is nice so this
snaps gotta go here and the snaps go
here no that snap goes right there
just like that yeah you got it
anybody can breathe package oh my
goodness there we go oh my goodness
nice and clean now boy oh you get the
cutest little one on it's okay
it's still I will change his outfit we
are actually going to it
Oh see a movie his first movie I don't
know how this is gonna go but I did and
we did read a comment that says if
there's ever a time to go see a movie it
would be now when he's sleepy and tired
it doesn't really make a lot of noise so
hopefully we get there he'll be nice and
hungry so he'll eat and then we'll be
able to just I'm just going to wear him
in the theater and hopefully it
and guess what he's gonna go see you
guys for his first movie it's very first
movie of course gonna go see jobs but is
gonna be a little he's gonna be a little
apple like geek yeah like his daddy yeah
you think so too we are officially those
people who bring the baby to the movies
you know to me we did just a couple
months ago we were like who brings your
baby to a movie and now look at us yeah
you hopefully won't cry cries I'll take
him out yeah I don't think he's gonna
cry
he'll be fine he's still a newborn it's
the it's when they're like four months
old right yeah six months old where they
get really cranky and cry and stuff but
super stoked to see jobs actually I'm
like really excited I think he's gonna
like it too he's gonna be like when do I
get my first iPhone I'm so excited you
guys gonna learn how this thing got made
this is gonna be really cool I'm
actually really looking forward to it I
know a lot of people have given a lot of
crap but all the trailers look really
good and I'm excited I think Ashton will
play a good Steve Jobs just a friendly
tip theater hot dogs are the best
nom-nom-nom-nom
oh I got it so bright oh so yeah that
did not work basically after about five
minutes of sitting there he wanted to be
fed and he just started screaming and
nothing when they came happy so I tried
to feed him outside a theater but he
just was not putting up with it so I
think the loud noises was just staring
him and freaking about he started like
grabbing his ears a little bit so right
now I'm just gonna walk over to the mall
and go sit down maybe walk around relax
all right we happier now baby he's
starting to feel better just changed his
diaper and now we are going to probably
try and feed him and then you walk
around the mall a little bit they think
he talked hurry now I was just stressful
that was too much for one little baby
home yeah
oh you spit up it is grosser all right
guys so it is it's official that I am
completely stressed out this has been
not a good visit our good outing out
it's just that since I'm alone
I've got this huge whatever it's called
diaper bags which normally prime
security for me and it's really heavy
while also carrying a baby
and a blanket that doesn't bend the
diaper bag and you can't set your baby
down anywhere because everything is
gross and nasty and germs so you have to
hold him while you try to adjust things
it's like been ridiculous I'm headed
back to the car I'm going to try and at
least empty out some of the stuff in the
diaper bag oh this is crazy yeah I don't
know it's just been not good and I think
I have another hour until Brian gets out
of the movies so hopefully we make it
through he's happy now he was pretty
upset for a while
he's doing better now he's got his posse
so we're good okay so my mom and dad
just so happened to be driving around
right where I was and I was like come
pick me no because I was like totally
stressed we're headed back to the house
that weekend one who lacks a little bit
he's doing he's done good well that was
kind of a big fail got to see the movie
in the movie was really cool I actually
really really liked it um and I actually
didn't want it to end I wanted it just
keep going but the movie was really good
and my mom my aunt liked it but Oliver
apparently was not digging the Apple
movie so he had to go kinda bomb the
Nomis he's probably kind of bummed
because she wanted to see the movie but
she had to leave the theater and her mom
and dad picked her up because they were
around there so I just got home my mom
left and now I'm probably gonna take a
nap cuz that's what monies are good for
right you made it home we did pillow
stressful but we're home we're safe
we're a little happier right oh yeah oh
hey we just woke up from the most
amazing nap you guys I'm not even
kidding
we slept for maybe a good two hours and
we're feeling good oh it felt really
good thank you good your daddy
he's going back he's like I wasn't done
you might have been done but I'm not
then she stole my sleeping buddy you
don't want to wake up we just want to
sleep something smells good
they are making homemade potato skins
with bacon um that sounds good I might
get up for that we figure out dinner
though are you gonna make something I'm
gonna make milk and cents
I can't drink that I know some of you
guys said this is creepy but again this
is karma just guarding the backyard
waiting what are you waiting for karma
do you think you can hear me well
squirrel I'm gonna go for a walk
he's our guard dog now oh yeah
I knew there was a reason to wake up
look at these guys homemade potato skins
oh man I had a couple of these and now
my stomach's like yelling at me it's
like why do you do it this is why this
is why I did you guys look at that nom
nom nom nom nom smell it smell it smell
it Carmen
you you wish you could eat that home me
and Brian are gonna run out of the house
and I am going to attempt to leave
Oliver with my mom he just ate a really
big meal and so I'm hoping he'll be good
I mean we're just going down the street
but I'm still like you know trying to
stay calm about it be gone 20 minutes at
the most
yeah I shouldn't I shouldn't be gone
very long so a weird like this will be
like the longest like the farthest pop
heart that I'll Bend from him since he
was born so that's kind of weird
hey you be good for me me Kay glad
you're in agreeance that you'll be good
this is so weird you guys this is like
pre Oliver right here
feel like we're like back in time like
Missy doesn't have a belly we don't have
a baby with us and we're doing something
that's so weird
good joke get your cinnamon rolls on
what's wrong cream cheese aren't like
cream cheese cream cheese oh no babe the
cinnamon roll gods have spoken they have
these ones they're only four instead of
eight that work that'll do donkey
that'll do you want that one has more
stuff ah look at that one like two
totally gypped you a nice sign
this one looks way better I'm alright
I'm alright can I get an amen
right seriously guys this is so weird
it's like every time I look around I'm
like where's the baby
right you're like freaking out come on
come on kuang kuang kuang kuang kuang
kuang kuang we're moving like really
fast too because we're like he needs us
he needs his birds alright we just got
done with Albertsons and I just called
my mom because I was like totally
stressing but she he says that he is
comically being totally fine but I can't
help but feel like I'm just a terrible
mother I feel so bad because I'm just
like away from him you're not a terrible
mother he's perfectly fine baby he's
gonna literally he's gonna open his eye
in to the knee as though nothing
happened I know but I just I hate being
away from her and so I'll see your eyes
is we're getting things done like 10
times faster than we would yeah
seriously we're moving fast I don't
think I moved as fast as like before I
got pretty
now we're gonna target okay okay I just
stepped out of the car and this is what
is alia this who does that disposable
I'm just saying basically why do people
do that I wouldn't never throw my
child's diaper even if it was a
disposable diaper I would never do that
that's disgusting
and very group and just plain littering
and I don't agree with littering at all
one time Brian's been on his gum and I
had to pick it back up what I don't
remember that
well I didn't pick it up I put a leaf
over it so that no one would step on it
but still that's just so rude that is
really cool looking I finally can
favorite dress come on baby do you think
of the task at hand we are looking for
some baby soap I'm just not happy with
the way he's not happy with the way he
smells
Wow just like he smells like unscented
in it and analyze Missy okay can you
guys just see what just happened here
Missy you cannot set your phone and your
camera up on the shelf look at stuff I
can't hold and you're gonna walk out of
here without it know you're there to
watch alright let's look at this lightly
scented ivy no oh if there's nothing I
don't know what's going on wait what's a
sign that's not lightly scented not at
all
wait is that the one you want sorry I'm
gonna I'm gonna go for it I mean little
nervous so I don't know if I want my
baby to smell like this it's shyam
moisture avocado and shea butter punchy
it smells good and it doesn't have a
bunch of bad things in it that it lists
yeah so that's good alright not that
okay that's got eight oh yeah shut up
my mom just texted me he's gonna state I
think we're good he's doing good he's
sleeping away look at him he is still in
his current state oh my god she's so
cute and he seems to not have been
phased by his mom leaving even open his
eyes once yes
he's good-looking he's like hugging you
sounds like the fastest shopping trip
ever
no I don't think we could have possibly
gone that fast if we had an Oxford today
how do you smell boy do you like it you
like your new smell
I'm not quite sure what that means he
smells good though do you like it yeah
good a lot better than unscented yeah I
think that what was happening is his
puke was getting on him and even though
I was watching him with soap
this unscented was just not taking it
off yeah now you should mind like
avocados and shea butter it's only
fitting that he would smell like avocado
cuz we love guacamole right yesterday
Brian made a total slip-up he didn't do
it on purpose it was it was complete
accident I didn't even notice it until
come people made a comments in the in
the comments from yesterday's video
basically he was talking about how
Karma's bowtie is a lot like Ken bowtie
and that when Ken comes to visit maybe
they'll get along well well if you guys
don't know Heidi Kim she's another
youtuber who I often talk about so if
you haven't checked her out I don't know
why because she's super awesome she has
a very very similar story to mine so if
you watch me because of that you're
pregnant or you've gone through you know
the same situation stillbirth
miscarriage anything like that
definitely should check her out she just
had a baby girl named Roslyn and Oliver
is obviously we have Oliver and she has
Roslyn and they are actually coming out
here to visit we're actually going to do
some videos together so we're going to
collab and we're really really super
excited about it
I just love Heidi she's so awesome so
again if you haven't checked her out you
need to but main reason I'm telling you
all this is because Heidi Kim is doing
Veda don't know what that is that's
video every day in August for today's
video she is asking you guys to leave a
comment below with questions for a Q&A
for when she comes out so when do a Q&A
well I'm going to put in the description
her video or her channel probably go to
her video where she asked you guys to
leave a question and leave a question if
you guys have a question for me and her
or something leave it in the comments
for us to go through and maybe we'll be
able
answer so go check her out he's really
interesting so yeah like I dropped the
ball on my guess right that was pretty
funny I totally didn't even notice it so
standing right there I didn't even like
it's obviously something that we've been
talking about for a while but we didn't
realize that we hadn't like announced it
officially and so when he made that
slip-up like I didn't even notice it at
all it's so funny but people did catch
on so you guys got a little hint
yesterday kama is full-on making out
with you right now it's worse when he
nibbles your ear a little bit like
nibbles I'm like inappropriate they were
getting ready for bed but I hope you
guys had a fantastic day and you know
we'll see you tomorrow because we do
this every day you guys don't know we do
this every day so you should subscribe
to us and look at this little stud
muffin well stud muffin he says I'm so
cute he is so cute thumbs up if you guys
think all he's cute say something cool
for them
he tried anyway we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye crash my whole elbow on my
side and I smacked the laundry basket in
my noses and I was like hoping it was I
was kept holding my nose thing he was
gonna bleed and then blood started
coming out of my mouth so yeah that's
really gnarly oh okay oh so you know
okay here's the really funny part he was
literally about to press record yeah I
was I was going on
