good morning guys baby oli is doing a
lot of talking this morning aren't you
guy aren't you you silly monkey you
don't say
huh is that right is that is that really
how you feel baby boy hi
you are old
do amazing things check it out you guys
I got the swing to work he's actually
being like super calm super cute you
like your swing buddy he's got a little
Twitter bird to keep him company so you
go tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet
tweet literally can I get an amen you
guys I totally got up this morning and
watched the Apple thing and pretty much
we all knew what was coming but iPhone 4
burst I really do like the five Cs but
they're just like my iPhone 5 so I think
if you had an iPhone 4 or 4s you should
totally try and get a 5c but I like my
own from iPhone 5 I like the black and
stuff so I think if I were to upgrade I
would upgrade to a 5s and usually I can
get like I can usually sell my iPhone
that's still on contract and it would
cover an off contract phone I've done
that for three years I'm not sure I'll
be able to pull it off this year I may
have to pay like a hundred bucks or
something to upgrade and I'm not quite
sure if I'm completely sold on upgrading
just yet what do you think karma do you
like the iPhone 5s he doesn't like it
because he doesn't have fingerprints the
touch ID sensor won't work on your palm
will it will it boy hello everyone I
just woke up from a nice little nap I'm
just been so exhausted where I actually
took Oliver downstairs so I could sleep
like that cuz it's weird like as much as
Oliver does seem to sleep fairly well
throughout the night and everything I
just don't ever feel like I'm getting
like a good sleep like I feel like I'm
like just a little bit awake all the
time I'm not like lying to my deep sleep
like I used to so I'm just like always
thinking about it and I just stepped in
a puddle of water so yeah I was just
fine I need a break I'm just so tired
and I was up I was up with him for about
an hour last night and I was pretty
tired now I'm getting ready for my day
we got lots to do car my boy karma karma
boy karma boys and play mode already
this morning we got a sonic discs and he
told me what we have to keep it inside
now because if we leave it out here he'd
like choose the crap out of it and ruins
it just like your old one all right you
ready catch it oh you luck dude first
throw and you totally failed hmm
squirrel bath you want a bath that's
what I thought yes indeed it would
assume that our colleague here
definitely needs a diaper change don't
waste my lil poopy so we traded in our
subjects exterior cloth handlings
to a much more thinner little bit
lighter fabric right cuz a little too
hot and those a long sleeve long pant
things huh what's he doing hello what
are you looking at what are you looking
at and you got a clean diaper he's ready
for the day you guys do not want to do
the ready for the day dance ready for
the day ready for the day what what what
we're ready for the day check it out
watch us mmm drops money he's like oh
god this is what I'm stuck with for 18
years made it out of the house
like I said we have tons to do today and
we actually are going to do a pretty
cool video today I'm really excited
about it it should be of my video or my
channel actually right now good and I
went through and we didn't get like a
rat rush that's funding every said that
is UK I'm starving so we and we have a
ton of packages and I'm hoping that my
other new cameras in there oh you think
your other new cameras gonna be it could
be yeah okay well my be unless no you're
just coming from New York so it's gonna
come we're not new karasuna cameras
don't make funny faces when I'm about to
record you guys my wife is addicted to
this iPhone she's been texting and
texting and crushing non-stop I've not
been crushing at all today I'm really
glad that you're not addicted to Twitter
I'm addicted to Twitter and I tweet a
lot like all the time I really can't
handle any more social media YouTube
Facebook Instagram I think that's good
yeah I don't think I can do Twitter -
I'm actually I've like replaced Facebook
with Twitter like I haven't been on
Facebook in a long time and every time I
go on it just annoys me
I mean I definitely don't use Facebook
very much you should start using Twitter
I will I'll think about Twitter you need
to jump on to the Twitter Birds back
Missy and just get it over with
I cleaned out my facebook I just I took
off everyone I went to high school with
that I only have on like my family and
the people that I talk like to regularly
everyone else I'm just like I'm sick of
looking at you I don't really have that
many friends on my facebook but I
probably should use Twitter and Twitter
can update my facebook - right yeah you
can do that yeah so here's where I'm
getting at I want you guys to tell me
your favorite social media networking
thing what's a called social I want you
to tell me your favorite social media
site okay is it YouTube Twitter Facebook
maybe name your top two obviously you
guys are on YouTube so you must like
YouTube right but let me know if it's
YouTube Twitter Facebook Tumblr people
really love Tumblr and actually I just
made a tumblr for the daily bumps so if
that's up and running I'll have a link
in description so if you're on tell me
you should go follow us on there and
also mice do people use myspace too
I think people still do that backing up
beeping is so annoying no we just left
the post office and we just picked up a
ton of packages from you guys you guys
are like seriously spoil Oliver so much
and it was so funny here actually
turning great okay it is so funny
because the lady was like is this Oliver
I was like Gavin she's like he gets so
many presents he's so spoiled I was like
I know she's like I can't believe I'm
meeting him I'm meeting Oliver and real
friendly dog you've come to visit how
are you what's your name nice how do you
know boy hi he's so good yes look at
those eyes he's like what is that baby
no Fagin gorgeous thank you for coming
to visit so that was a little
nerve-wracking
yes he just did a breast feeding video
about breastfeeding in public and I
didn't want to be the like the awkward
guy who's like in the park
tell me filming a lady breastfeed him oh
that would be a little that would
probably be like probably be a little
bit weird but Missy's giving away this
awesome slipcover for a Boppy so if you
have a Boppy and you want to win a cool
slipcover definitely go watch the video
I'll have it linked below in the
description so you can check it out baby
all he did good and now you're nice and
full huh good so I was just thinking it
is so funny that a few months ago when I
was pregnant with Oliver I was always
like I can't wait till we have Oliver
because we're just gonna have such a
chill life and we can just like sit back
and not have to like go somewhere all
the tanks we were like really really
busy people like we're constantly
running and every single day like going
places and so I thought that once we
have a baby we would just stop we just
stop our lives we we just stare at him
all day long I get a lot of our viewers
but what happened to ya and turns out we
still are very busy even with a baby and
we still go places like every single day
I mean I think our wives have slowed
down a little bit because there are days
when we could definitely do nothing but
we still even sometimes choose to go out
because I just think that we enjoy being
out and about headed into the grocery
store and I hate these little bumps but
look at his cheeks jiggle whenever we go
over check out these melons oh sorry
check out these melons wait do people
eat this why is it in the produce
section if people don't eat it
Missy makes the Bombers pumpkin pie from
scratch
Cobra ladies are baking oh look at these
ones got warts all over them he was I
mean I'm gonna get warts I don't let it
get warts
these are so cute I want to get a pie
what this is Brian doing what he does
best
Brian worked as a bagger for like how
long did he do a job here that was 16
well we were dating and so I always like
oh you could do your favorite job I got
to say he is quite good at it though he
knows exactly what what's toughest wants
to go anyway see he gets so mad the way
I do it I just stuff it all in one bag
and he puts all the box stuff in box
areas he's just a professional we've
been running around so much us being so
exhausted I grabbed one of these
Starbucks refreshers it's a raspberry
pomegranate I swear they're not telling
me or paying me to tell you this it's
just really good so I wanted to share
with you guys I'm always wondering like
if we ever talk about like products we
like if you guys are like I wonder how
much they're getting paid for that and
we're not we just like sharing what we
love with you guys and this thing is
pretty bought you want try it okay
cha-cha cha-cha-cha quad right but I do
think we should get paid for a chicken
cookie scoop I know we deserve that I'm
serious I tried try it I don't want just
try it
she's so weird about smells just try it
try it it could be a baby try you know
that he's a baby
thumbs up for annoying messy as I do
that pretty good hey you don't want the
thumbs up do you want a thumbs down the
vlog don't thumbs down and she'll cry my
little guys having tummy time and he
looks so cute right now are you doing
I'm surfing can't you tell he's on like
a little surfboard
and actually I just met him this
actually has a little like measuring
thing it has like inches on it and so if
I put him right here remember he was 19
inches when he was born so it's for you
there he's like right at 21 inches
you've grown to ages probably just about
two inches I mean obviously this thing
is kind of it's not super reliable but
about two inches you're getting so big
Brian are
we went out tonight with John it's
actually John's birthday or was John's
birthday a few days ago and so they
decided to go do something and I thought
branch out of the house because he
hasn't done anything fun in a while and
I can't really do anything fun right now
since I'm breastfeeding and all that not
really feel like pumping yeah I still I
do pump just so just in case for an
emergency but I just don't feel like
giving him a bottle and leaving right
now
I'm smiling right now oh here's always
missing someone wait so if it's a human
what is that is that he is that like
that's a clue Dean cool oh you guys look
like look at all these cigars that's
great I don't I don't smoke I've never
smoked in my life anything and Missy was
like do you think you'll ever try cigar
and I was like oh no that ain't
happening I can't imagine having to chip
ice poke cigars this would be like the
worst choice in the world like having to
decide see it goes off of the main thing
you guys you first is the color the
darker the stronger so this is me how
what is the equivalent like how how many
cigarettes is this you won't pack oh my
god that's ridiculous
staring at these presents I really want
to open one and karma does - he really
feels like something is for him she just
opened one just one which one should be
open Harvard not for you hang on
it was like oh my gosh oh my gosh I just
got them everywhere Carmen no oh no it
had a hole in it getting everywhere they
are Jazz's Hannah's jazz walls their
milk chocolate flavored candy with candy
topping
hmm that definitely sounds like
something Brian will want these are
actually from Emma so thank you so much
they arrived safely but they did that
will hold them and then kind of go over
my bed I literally feel like Monica
right now they get back from their
honeymoon and they have all those
presents and she just opens one and now
she just wants to open the rest is just
open one more so this just happened yeah
I pretty much got carried away ah for
another I had just had to open them they
just they were fun thank you - so
everyone that got us presents I pretty
much just had a party and karma is so
excited
he got a couple of gifts he really
really wants to play with this it's a
fly catch Carrie do you want to fetch
this this is so cute this is a hat that
says ollie it's just is it absolutely
adorable
how are you nested on everything comes
to over here so yeah thank you guys so
much like I said I got really carried
away but I had my little party since
Brian's out doing his having his little
party I'm having my little party oh my
gosh you guys and it's so stupid I am
doing the dishes right now and I had my
phone sitting up here um I was watching
YouTube and my phone just like literally
fell into here I mean I don't know how
okay first of all I think that looks
disgusting it's just like a dirty pan
whatever uh-huh I just like fell in
there I don't know how it like jumped
from there to there but it dropped right
into there and sunk and I mean it seems
to be fine I took it out of its case it
was only in there for probably like a
half a second but I always seem to drop
my phones into water and I've done so
good with this iPhone
this thing's lasted me like a good year
and the new one just came out and we
were supposed to sell this one and now
I'm totally bummed because I totally
just dropped it in a dirty pan of water
I'm so upset I really really hope it's
okay I'm always worried about like it
getting into like this area seems to be
fine I'm seeing issues oh my god Brian
is going to kill me me and Oliver
getting ready for bed he's just being so
cutely he's so tired I got him all
swaddled and hopefully he'll sleep for a
few hours I think I might have made it
out alive because I have not I'm not
seeing any issues with it I don't know
if I'll be home but I think he'll still
be the one saying good night to you guys
hey guys just got home but I just want
to say I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
and of course we will see you guys
tomorrow if you're on tumblr go into the
description and check out our tumblr I
just set it all up today and it looks
sick so if you're on tumblr follow us
because we got really cool things coming
just on that tumblr blog no joke I'm not
joking does it look like
okay anyway hope you guys enjoyed the
vlog and as always we will see you guys
tomorrow bye
get him with your tail
alright okay go okay calm down quick is
it your little Jaggi
okay boy you're a hit it's fixed with
you top K Kafka
now we're off the couch and now I need
to wash my hands alright guys guess
where we are
if you can't tell behind me we're on the
set of caity lotz just kidding it's
actually just the wallpaper but it
totally looks like ouch
