cuz like I want to go don't go can we go
can we go go Kimmy company's pretty so
please can we go I want to hang out with
my bestest buddy in the world oh oh dude
you're hitting with your tail baby boy
honey
he's our son bully
you have rolled
new amazing things
good morning time I let all monkey baby
buddy he's napping out I don't how are
you naughty with this huge skylight
right there that's a lot of light dude
he's like yeah you used to here's a baby
good morning look at you he is just
being extra cute today he just woke up
mmm very social and wants to talk and
chat it up on dude
what do you get in a guy not sure is
that gross
this was my breakfast I tend to Deeb
wreckfish this morning Missy cereal but
the thing about cereals I get really
sidetracked and I walk away and then it
turns into a soggy mess and then I'm its
Lucky Charms you know um it's not as
magical as I thought it was gonna be you
guys it it really isn't but now I'm
hungry and I got a soggy cereal word of
the day today Israel because we're gonna
rile you guys up today so we opened up
vivo on our Apple TV today just to watch
some music videos and there's a new
music video by Miley Cyrus and so we're
like sure we'll watch it well look at
this it actually wants us to activate it
to watch explicit content my crazy babe
we have to like LA that's for Miley
Cyrus what does she do what is she doing
you got what is she doing oh I usually
really like country time lemonade but
ever since we got this every time I make
it it's just like way too sweet and so
lately I've been trying to do under the
amount of scoops so like for instance it
says 16 skills for a gallon so I thought
okay I'll only do 11 scoops turns out
that was how many ounces the number of
serving ounces I was willing you eight
scoops and doesn't love it
I'm doing 16 Aries I'm like this is
nasty why is it so gruff it's seriously
yeah it smells like like candy like
something you make in a chemistry lab Oh
gross I feel so stupid
so I'm trying this new thing today it's
a healthy choice asian-inspired cafe
steamer it kind of bothers me that they
said asian-inspired Missy because it's
like it's General Tso's chicken but it's
only inspired by that it's not actually
that it's got like this top part which
steams like all the veggies and rice and
sup and then the bottom is just sauce
and then you cook it and then you
separate them and mix them together
fanti we're getting fancy with our
microwave meals you guys smells decent
whoo ha whoo ha whoo ha
Oh mother oh look at this this is kind
of funny expectations reality
expectations reality I don't know how
there is white rice in there when it's
covered in sauce how's that can you tell
me how that works I'm funny this is just
how advertising works right here yeah
look at these two buddies hanging out in
the kitchen together
hey are we boring you you want just take
a nap one chicken annexed to oliver
earlier he was like setting his little
head on the brim of the bouncer watchog
hmm he was literally going like this it
was the cutest thing ever but of course
we can never capture that on camera
because karma self-camera crazy we turn
the camera then he just went to perform
huh huh go oh hi he likes to get me hugs
doggie hugs hi then he takes it too far
by nibbling on my ear Leo got a haircut
yesterday and now he looks like a little
squirrel karma was very confused when he
got home because we this looks so weird
Leah wait we're having all your hair
what happened
yeah a nice little summer shade he was
not happy with his hair big day right
now you guys we're moving the car seat
up a slot
he's getting so big you just becoming a
little big baby and you don't fit in
where you used to anymore I do hold them
sometimes and I'm like yeah you're
definitely getting bigger
it's just weird cuz we see him every
single day okay karma what are you to
Karma it's just a ball relax and I'll
get it for you okay now we're gonna go
on step nope
we're gonna go upside with it because
you cannot handle yourself go come on
you say I'll just find another bar comes
like I want to go don't go can we go can
we go can we go please please oh please
can we go I want to hang out with my
bestest buddy in the world oh oh dude
you're hitting with your tail alright
okay okay calm look at this you later
Jaggi okay boy your head is fixed to the
hotel okay get off the guy now we're off
the couch and now I need to wash my hand
all right guys guess where we are if you
can't tell mahai me we're on the set of
Katie lot just kidding
it's actually just the wallpaper but it
totally looks like ouch that door is
loud he totally looks like the set of
Katie let up in here donut donut boy
take two of me trying to find an outfit
and this is what I picked out I don't
know if it's what I want to go forward
just cuz it might be too boring but Matt
Oliver that's gonna match it
Oh his color is he gonna
yeah yeah you should be that he'll be
there I'm going to try a pink or a
peachy color of this talk so I really
like it kind of covers up that um new
skin Oliver sighs it's really hard
sleeping with techno music playing
that's too loud
I like rocking the thing back and forth
he literally turns a red and then I rock
it and he turns normal color is he got a
peach top on now how you like this
oh you if you shut the door at
locks that's funny but she's got someone
styling her so that's cool you don't
really think about it yeah oh my gosh
I'm freaking out I just walked into a
store I tried on an outfit and then this
girl who is like super awesome she
totally like help me out with style is
up and she's picking out this whole
outfit and I really love it and I
actually walked out of there with new
boots pants shirt and jewelry like every
damn like so happy I can't believe it
here's know me it's like I don't
yeah torricelli reading with some
cookies and yo this guy's exhausted from
the big ol meal he just had hi hey buddy
hey do I see how like he looks like
normal he looks like a normal baby now
he just like looks at you and moves
around and stuff and I feel like he's
like developing this little personality
you know he's a little bit of a grunting
piss hell yeah all right hi he talks a
lot like a sweet when you talk to me
like I know how you guys do it
see you guys Missy's a gamer too she's
playing this like super simple game I
actually tried looking for ps2 games
doing solos any marks there so I was
like dang but definitely saw a lot of
really cool games pulled up PS tray I
was telling me see they're just coming
out to ps4 it's the perfect time to buy
it it's super cheap and still somewhat
relevant
you're gonna play games No yeah with all
of her all about I gonna play like
Killzone and stuff you guys did look at
a game here's like mine he he well he
didn't actually say that that was sort
of a misconception he's hot but he was
very fascinated by all the fancy covers
of the skinny girls with the big hoo-ha
we are creamy at Joanns and I love the
store it just smells so good it smells
like fall I'm standing in a full aisle
as you can tell it's actually kind of a
Halloween out and I just I smell this
aisle and smell like inspiration I just
want to like start making things I want
to make you clothes now now I'm gonna
start making you outfit
okay maybe don't scare him I'm a bunny
so I'm not happy cruel hey Oliver stop
it hit me with the Scarecrow Missy he's
like go hey go away I'm like obsessed
with this store I haven't been here in
so long I was actually looking for some
kind of clip because I'm want to attempt
to make my own nursing Tings I know that
there's a couple tutorials out there my
gosh Brian up there just jumped like a
mile again that's scary
stop interrupting me anyways I want to
make a nursing team and I want to make
like my Oh
see Missy it's not
okay so I'm looking for that and then I
just get sidetracked and now I want to
decorate my whole house in Halloween and
have a Halloween party look at like
these bottles like you could do that's a
really cool really cool bomb I never
really got to celebrate Halloween and on
the kid I cuz you grew up Baptist and it
was like witches are evil no not really
wasn't that my mom was just didn't
really like the scary part of Halloween
and the fact that it kind of
holiday but you get past that it's
actually really fun a holiday right
who said to do it and I don't think we
anticipated having this busy of a day
but it just keeps going on and on and
check out my hot wife hello we're
meeting some friends at Bob's my
favorite place and it's Ali's first time
to be dub he's gonna get his wing on
it's really good but look at this
totally fake skill
he's actually sitting on the table right
now where's blood and I'm holding his
Oliver is getting swaddled tonight he's
been pretty good at night but I think I
figured out that he either wants to be
held all night or he wants to be
swaddled because the other night I
spotted him and he did really really
good so show happy yeah so we're gonna
SWAT him again tonight and see how he
does
because it seems to calm him you like
being swaddled don't you oh but I double
top or at all mm-hmm
like yes what are me up oh my gosh you
guys
Oliver the room is such a disastrous
really does look like a little baby
tornado okay me yeah basically I have a
pile of diapers there
I have his newborn diapers here would
you do that he doesn't fit in so I need
to put them away so that we can use them
for the next boo-boo
which we keep hinting at a pile of
clothes here that I dirty but I've got
to hand birthday news and I've got a
sink Lowe's here and guess what you guys
I'm putting away all his newborn clothes
he doesn't fit in them anymore keep
trying to stuff him in there but he's
just not happy doesn't like it I do that
some of these outfits you know you got
to work once like this one um he only
got to wear this in the lookbook if you
haven't seen that one it's on my channel
but it's a long sleeve so I was really
excited about it because it says Oliver
and it has an anchor but it's long
sleeve and it's kind of really really
hot here so a lot of these outfits you
only got to wear a couple times then
tomorrow
apples are nothing anyone can watch that
yeah we're gonna be up at 9:45 the Apple
TV will be on and we will be sitting in
bed watching it 9:45 well it starts at
10:00 okay okay I'm really am hoping
though that he does get to wear this cuz
look at this okay it's magnetic it is
crazy
it's so cool and so like easy to like
put on yeah anymore why doesn't everyone
do this
and all right we weren't in bed Oh so
see you tomorrow
I seriously I remember Missy telling me
to get out of bed okay I remember that
part and then the next thing I remember
is literally standing right here in
front of this TV tray and blanket going
what am i doing I slap walk and I've
never
