Hey
baby boy toys hi
son baby
is going to do amazing things
hey guys so I am actually headed to San
Diego today hanging out with my mom
because she's not gonna be here for much
longer I think she's leaving at the end
of the month I'm all packed
I'm all ready I'm gonna go what are you
doing Carmen you're trying to escape off
the door my dreams keep up the football
hey hey where's ollie
where's the baby karma go get the baby
go Ahead's baby come on let's go get to
me when your mom you truly know how to
multitask am i right guys I can vlog
breastfeed and play candy crush all
hours having some breakfast did you eat
breakfast lady yep okay karma you gonna
be good boy didn't watch after my boy
you can play babysitter no scrolls okay
don't let any girls in the house get it
- squirrels rhymes with girls okay I
love you nothing like good morning
everyone so today Brian's gone which is
sad huh
are you scared we're actually going to
head out of the house I don't know if
you guys remember but I mean I don't
think there was a day that I didn't
leave the house and since having him
like I don't leave the house anymore
which I really do enjoy my days with him
too like being able to just have my
routine okay being able to just have my
routine with him where we just kind of
eat and relax it you know I just
basically take care of him
but everyone smile it's like gosh I'm
getting so like like I feel like I'm
trapped or something so I'm gonna try
and head out of the house today I'm a
little nervous because it's just not
very fun taking him out of the house I
get like really like anxious because he
first of all it's hot outside and so
then you put them in a car where gather
is air conditioning but you just can't
help but worry that they overheat and
stuff so we're going to take the plunge
and we are going to go out and do some
shopping with my sister she just has
school shopping to do and I was like
sure I'll tag along with you oh I'm
gonna suck on my arm
this is the bridge for when you're
leaving for San Diego you go under and
it's a super weird looking bridge and
we're going under it we're going under
it
babe I'm under it whew I'm officially on
my way to San Diego do you miss me Wow
good that's good
feels so flippin good here you guys it's
like a good 20 degrees cooler head to
the swap meet and I got my mom my hat
with me and I'll show me the ways
they're all the old camera stuff you
guys shoes huh oh camera what is
this a Pentax ooh this is cool
oh look at that one that's a beast oh
wait vivitar vivitar my camera holds
vivitar oh it's empty boo a nintendo64
never had intended 64 I thought I was
one of those kids that bumped up
straight to PlayStation my mom
you guys spoiled us look at this guys
you can buy cereal at the swap meet not
crazy you write everything there's phone
cases their shampoo and conditioner
cereal fruit we're gonna go look at
shirts though we made it out of the
house and he is doing really good so far
he's just seen
and he's got his binky and actually
someone I care where their name got us
this really cool um thankee holder
basically it's a little anchor in it
what are these second things Paul I
don't know but it's so cute and it like
it's just like really really cool with
it should I get a one direction post or
one direction towel for Missy that's a
really big towel with leaving the Swami
and I found a shirt it says Kalia - it's
got the little bear that's what we're
looking for so good deal how many Tom's
I hear they sell toms here but not on
Friday I guess Friday is kind of the
smaller swap meet day and Saturday and
Sunday is when they bring out a lot of
stuff is he just sent me this super cute
picture check it out you guys
sup let's go oh my god I'm dying yeah I
wonder where she's going I'm baby
wearing which is really fun because it
just feels so much more comfortable I
feel like if he starts crying I'll be
able to help him more than if he's like
in his carrier are thirsty or whatever
so this is really really nice and I've
got his his a binky holder a binky clip
right here so I can easily come for him
if I need to so this is when I can't
even breastfeed if I really had to which
way tell me in the comments the the blue
those are purple purple those are
they're really big he's really big you
really want like aviators I really
wanted visions are kind of small yeah
mom's I do it too big on my face I don't
believe her let me see them yeah those
are way cuter are they yeah okay leave
in the comments below which one she
should get check it out guys Belmont
Park roller coaster we're down at
Belmont Park and we're gonna grab some
lunch murca my favorite yeah made it to
the beach you guys oh it's so nice out
here look at all the tarps and all the
umbrellas my mom was just say back in
the day though
find one or two umbrellas out there now
everyone's got tents and everyone's
worried about skin cancer this is where
we're having lunch you guys this is the
wave you guys see this freaking cool oh
my gosh I wish I could do that that is
so cool Wow nom nom look at we got wings
we got sandwiches we got food chicken oh
I know god I've been craving wings those
wings are good time yummy
it's so nice out here we get to watch
people Biff it on the big old wave thing
that I do miss Missy though I hope she's
having fun whatever she's doing so we
are not only now at Ross but I am
nursing not only in public but in my
mobiie rap which I'm super proud of like
walking around the Northeast I feel I'm
like really proud about it but he's
starting to get a little fussy so I
might need to unlatch and put him in a
better position it's really fun being
able to just like beat him and walk
around and do things
hi nice boo the sand is nice mom so
we're gonna play this hang get look at
this guys I also got a big old chess set
that's so cool
mom Oh try and slide it I'm trying to
slide it across
Oh aim it for me now I think we both
suck at that game just as equally mom
wasn't that good
Lee mom good GoPro you attach it you
attach it to your surfboard all the time
yeah I really talk to us probably like a
remote what some to start and stop oh
he's got that on the jack skank Marden
chaser foot
that's all that's so cool I've seen them
if I can maybe you had one once
yeah we have one if I had a surfboard or
if I could surf we attach it to the
surfboard obviously but I cants worth
sports surf work I can't surf worth
nothing okay here's the Johnny GaN the
roller coaster I really do 19:25 that is
an old roller coaster so you just look
so scary mom look it's not even that big
let's hope it doesn't break my camera it
doesn't break your mother
Oh
well we did it we had a very successful
outing without any big deals we were
able to nurse keep him calm throughout
the day so I was really really proud of
that is probably one of the easier
outing that I've had so far now we got
to change outfit I got to show you this
outfit though I bought this a while ago
it says my big brother has four legs I
just love it so cute he of course got it
dirty so now another change outfit
change huh when's the last time you rode
that roller coaster my lovely 37 years
ago 37 years ago and it's still up and
you just did it this was my bad guy Don
oh I really hope that this thing isn't
broken it looks like it's working fine
so let's see flux
didn't break the camera service Oh scary
it was really cool shot you can get any
style shirt and any design I'm gonna do
this California
like a waffle maker yes I have a YouTube
clock yeah yeah
oh that's sick that's so cool guys see
that baller appreciate it be karma and
oli are all getting some fresh air
outside karma would really like me to
just throw his frisbee he's just barking
me like gone through play it play the
game slow down yeah okay that was a
little close to the baby okay
can't just throw it at him and he can't
even throw it for you so you should
probably just give it to me hello leo
coming to say hi to the baby so Leo is
like super tiny but he is actually
heavier than Oliver and he's a really
really tiny Chihuahua so it's funny
whenever I pick him up I'm like you're
so huge
you're like a humongous dog I don't know
I don't know if he's gonna open his eyes
but he was just hoping his eyes and his
eyes look so glow here I don't know if
it's the blanket and the shirt and all
the blue that's surrounding him but when
he opened his eyes I'm like wow your
eyes are blue almost as blue his mommy
let me see the eyes let me see those
eyes they're there no joke you guys
we're headed to the Apple Store it's my
aunt wants to buy an iPad and look at
this it's like a complete coffee
it's a window store that's ridiculous
lame yeah look at the look at yes look
at they even copied their window things
that's so stupid
everyone knows we're Pro Apple that is a
fail see this is more like it you guys
this is where it's at
head it in to my favorite place I'm
converting my aunt Bev to Apple high
five
she's gonna get her first iPad today and
actually when I was showing it to her
really makes me miss my iPad but then I
remembered I have an iMac and a MacBook
Pro and an iPhone and I don't need one
because I'm a spoiled brat we have had
such a fun busy day and now my mom's
taking me to this but it's like this
little church on top of a hill up here
and it's kind of like hidden but like
there's this just amazing view up here
you guys look at this watch the
fireworks where the fire where Cyril he
runs over there see the tower right oh
right there there's Cyril you guys yeah
oh it's just so nice up here
and it's so funny I'm sorry if it's
windy but we were just driving around
Fiesta Island and talking about I used
to go there's so much as a kid and my
mom would take us there and we'd stay on
the beach and we like hot dogs and swim
in the water and get shells get shells
this is a really nice spot though you
sure the church friends of mine that
we're here there's never anybody up here
it's been a really awesome day so far
magic here so it has been a pretty long
day Oliver is laying with Mimi right now
but I am going to make some spiced cake
sometimes just got a baked I feel like
baking and I'm actually a huge Baker
especially um when like fall comes yours
are going to see me start really you
know breaking out all my cooking skills
cuz I do it I love to like bake like
pies and
I like a famous thing that I do every
year so really excited but I'm feeling
I'm feeling it actually we bought a
pumpkin spice melty today so it kind of
smells like fallen here and so spice
cake just sounds good spice cake is made
and it smells amazing here smells so
good doesn't it bug
so we're brian is oh it's so late and I
think he's still in San Diego and hasn't
even started his drive home so are we
having fun but we are getting tired huh
he says I'm already asleep I am finally
on my way home and it's dark out and I'm
driving and vlogging and this is
probably not very safe I want to let you
guys know that I'm going home Missy are
you excited to see me yeah so excited
did you miss me
yeah do you love me
oh my god Babak under cultivation do you
want to kiss me you want to hug me
Wow alright I'll see you soon
went out all day and now I have wet
diapers of course the Sun is down and I
can't put them in a dryer so I'm gonna
have to hang them up and put them out
first thing in the morning which kind of
sucks but I'm gonna get them all hung up
and that way we'll be good to go but now
he's on like larger diapers for the
night so hopefully we'll be able to get
through I totally forgot to mention that
today is actually our due date August 16
to us a day that I'll always do so
Oliver is officially born I've been like
saying I this all this like this whole
time like he's not even born yet like
he's still like technically supposed to
be in my womb still and as of today is
his due date so he's officially born
getting like more of a personality like
I'm starting to figure out who he is as
Oliver and stuff which is just so much
fun so far he's just so easy like I mean
yeah he cried it's usually so easy and
so simple so just got home to this
little face he's cute too
oh snap hi boy I missed you all day I
need some cuddle time with him is he a
melt coma probably a little bit anyways
I'm home now it was a long day um but I
got a huge bag of goodies um which I
will show you guys in tomorrow's vlog
I'm just pooped did you a busy day - hi
boy I missed you - okay alright guys I
hope you enjoyed the vlog and as always
we will see you tomorrow
one second traffic listening to we the
Kings and you know that there's like a
quiet part right before they go into the
whoa oh
I can never time it correctly watch this
well see I'm gonna try again I'm gonna
get it right it's okay it's weird it's
like it's like a long pause before they
get to the world here we go right here
well below dammit
