he says how about you play with the
plastic thing and I'll take the monkey
huh Oh God he totally doesn't understand
why Oliver gets to play with the monkey
huh baby boy toys time
is awesome baby
you have rolled
amazing things good morning beautiful
people of the internet you know the
other day we actually hit over 200
videos I think this is video - OH -
that's that's really crazy for me I
never really thought that we'd actually
still be doing this and I just wanted to
talk to you guys about it because you
know we hit twenty five thousand
subscribers we passed two hundred videos
in a row and that's that's like a huge
accomplishment I'm still kind of in
shock to it all it's still kind of hard
to believe but I just want to thank you
guys because if we didn't have the
support that we have from you guys we
might have not have kept going with this
and then we wouldn't have you know
captured that amazing day of you know
Oliver coming into our lives it's just
such a blessing that I have we have that
actually go look back on when we started
doing this daily vlog we had no idea how
far I guess I would really go you know
who I think we're doing a lot of good
with it I think people really like it
and we love doing it and it's such a
huge part of our lives now I couldn't I
could imagine like not doing it you know
what I mean so I just want to thank you
guys for the support and the love I mean
you guys really you're the one that
feels us and you're the ones that make
us want to put a video out every single
day good morning everyone
so me and Oliver are up and about he's
already starting to get mad why are you
so mad you always get mad when I turn on
the camera he's got his assistant outfit
on I was planning on using this when
Bryan was like gonna be actually working
with a camera but I thought it was
really cute and I just wanted him to
wear it so he's now the little assistant
tanka you're not so much an assistant
more as a someone that likes to give
jobs I don't know I think I'm more his
assistant I don't know who's been here
since the beginning though who was here
before we put up a video cuz I know we
announced that we were gonna do like a
daily Channel and then we actually had
subscribers coming in before we were
putting up videos yeah I'm curious to
see actually how many people have been
here since the beginning
today I was thinking like it's so crazy
that like a few weeks ago like I don't
know if you guys remember boat we were
like pretty busy people
we were always out and about doing
things and now I my life is just changed
so much and I just get to hang out with
him and relax and work I don't know
what's really relaxing it's more like
always doing something but it's so
interesting how fast like your life can
just like change and now you have a baby
say yeah now you have me now you gotta
take care of me oh and we've talked
about how long we're gonna do it for and
I guess our goal was always a year so I
don't really know I don't really know if
we have a goal now and how long do you
guys think we should do it should you
forever shoot you for a year maybe only
a year is that what I'm hearing you say
I just parked in a huge puddle always
here playing with his woven of and karma
believes that every toy in this house
belongs to you huh he's just can't it
just doesn't understand why he gets to
play with a monkey he says how about you
play with the plastic thing and I'll
take the monkey huh oh he totally
doesn't understand why Oliver gets to
play with a monkey huh
garma just ricardo uh karma you have
other toys why don't you go get your
frisbee for your Gator
wait your Gator Gator or your octopus yo
so many toys you don't need all overs
monkey-like fine you have to play with
you then check it out guys I'm on my
lunch break and I actually found a place
that just bobba yeah song by my work and
I got a mango banana smoothie and it's
got boba if you don't know they're like
these little like jelly balls I don't
know how to describe them I don't know
do you guys like boba I don't know if
it's like a really that comment of a
thing but what's cool is they seal the
top of this plastic thing and they gave
you this sharp straw and then you just
jam it in there she could like this
three-two-one whoo
Shaya and then the little boba come up
through the straw oh and they have
amazing boba sometimes you get it and
it's like too dense you know there's
really nice too squishy yeah just grab
some lunch
probably need lunch in my car like a
loser when I was in high school actually
I think I ate lunch in my car lab
actually I ate lunch in my car with
Missy a lot in high school
interesting little throwback for ya
we have both had an outfit change I
swear this kid he goes through someone
else it's a day but um that's what
happens when you go pee and it comes out
the diaper ha you're blurry and now he
is just sitting back chillin I mean look
at he just loves putting his arms out
here like he just looked like the
coolest dude when he does not look at
these little muscles maybe you do
muscles he's like mom stop I have been
doing a lot of laundry I had a ton of
diapers to do and stuff and now my I'm
feeling a little painful so I think it's
time that we relax and sit back all you
do is just sit back and relax I got to
tell you guys it feels amazing to come
home from work and see this little guy
and look at him he's in my favorite this
is quite possibly my favorite outfit
babe yeah it's so cool you just look so
cute found a new one I'm so excited to
try wait he doesn't won yet ah what time
is it through a bunch of his clothes and
I found a time you were in clothes for
him he's been lazy just like mommy
it's not like it's not a bad thing babe
it's a good thing you need to be lazy
I've been lazy though I actually been
doing a ton of seven it kind of hurt her
my soul yeah uh no laundry I went
through like tons of boxes of clothes
we have clothes that we didn't know
about yeah I forgot about them cuz wait
like a long time ago we bought like two
huge bins of birth and I forgot I
there's tons like I actually remember
looking in the armoire and thinking that
we had a lot more close than we're
hanging there cuz Oliver has quite the
wardrobe is 0-2 like three months amount
of clothes is like double like well
hopefully he'll be spitting up and
throwing up on them multiple times a day
so you can wear all of them
because it's he we have too many clothes
this little this little leg me I'm a leg
I'm tingling hey buddy I missed you
you're gonna wake up for me you know are
you gonna hey they gonna are you gonna
wake up for me
who'd he was talking to me yesterday you
guys saw him yesterday it's like he was
actually talking to me Missy is playing
candy crush says she's an addict but I
was just looking at look it is that okay
so that thing above the Green Dot thing
yeah the bomb no no this below it yeah
what is that
it's so big chocolate candy it's like a
chocolate covered in candy yeah
it looks so good I seriously want to eat
that in real life you guys did they make
those they should make candy that's
themed off of candy crush that would be
short because you could then you could
like eat the candy while you're playing
candy crush
I eat a few weeks ago you guys probably
remember we did Oliver's newborn photos
with crystal and they are up and I'm so
excited we're gonna actually get to see
them right now yeah I'm really excited
she gave us her website and I put it on
here and see if are you excited over
look at us it's us you guys okay so
pretty great oh my gosh are you ready
ready okay oh my gosh I love that one
look at the one in my cast she did one
in the guys it's so good oh my gosh I
love this one because it has the
chalkboard above her bed and all of us
it's so cool alright so you just got
done looking for them and they were
amazing you guys remember the ones with
the sailor hat it totally turned out so
good yes there's so many so great Cassie
you have to look at this one get ready
yeah oh it's so cute how did you guys
even get I can't believe this is our kid
babe yeah so we're gonna have a video of
all the photos up on my channel it's
probably up right now so go check it out
because the these are like absolutely
and you guys probably want to see em
Cassie when you see the pictures of her
it's hard to like show you them on the
camera there you are
Cassie and her little nephew look at
that you guys
Cass even got to join in a little bit
he's like yeah I'm a star what's up
understood
hmm look at him smile Mickey the smiles
you were doing in the photo shoot oh my
gosh do you see that
he's totally smiling is he gonna do it
again he's having really good dreams
right now you guys me me
I think he's smiling because I just
heard a explosion in his pants and he's
like picturing us cleaning it Oh baby
boy what's up oh jeez so demanding is it
really that bad well now you're freaking
me out really is it really that bad
figure I share with you guys my routine
so I go in here and I grab a diaper it's
okay boy I'm gonna get you just a second
hang on and I grab my diaper and I get
it all undone and then I lay it here
because if I spend time unsnapping the
buttons and then putting them on him
he's gonna pee everywhere
which is why we have this thing it's a
pee-pee teepee he is not happy hi boy so
we got a pee-pee teepee to put over him
and it I mean it kind of works I have to
watch it up he moves around a lot we use
water wipes which are 99.9 percent water
so I usually have to take out a couple
so that I'm prepared okay baby okay
think he's really hungry
vikarma someone from Australia got you a
treat so Hannah from Australia got karma
this yummy little treat that would like
something you want delicious beef
coating wrapped around a sticky chewy
rawhide take it take it
here no not that look that take that
that'll be gone in like two seconds
probably Oliver is getting a bath and I
decided that actually think it would be
much more convenient for us to put the
bathtub on the sink that we acquired
Brian to pick it up with the water and
everything well okay okay huh oh yeah
see this will be so much nicer it'll be
much more comfortable for me do you like
that buddy he looks like you might fall
asleep yeah he's really enjoying it
you guys don't know we actually use baby
Ganic sand it's a foaming shampoo and
body wash and it's vagrants free which I
usually miss he only buys fragrant free
stuff but now she's kind of like kind of
wanting a smell now right I just feel
bad because I don't give him any kind of
smell but same time I'm so picky that
I've looked at everything in just
nothing really yeah nothing really
satisfies me so you're gonna smell like
fragrance free
rub-a-dub-dub all these in the tub
rub-a-dub-dub all he's in the tub Oh
rinsing your hair I always hated that
part as a kid and he didn't like it that
much either he is all clean and in the
cutest pair of pajamas I was telling
about earlier I found these and they're
so cute cos they're like have footsies
but they're just just actually just a
shirt and bottoms which i like because
then i can easily take the shirt off if
I need to and we're eating and then put
it back on and I don't have to take like
off hasn't all his clothes he can still
wear his footsies so yeah and I love
these give little puppies on on it looks
like he's wearing like slippers almost
oh no was I too loud and I messed up
your beauty sleep
the I really like this and I actually
turned over the mittens cuz his nails
been kind of bugging me lately
need to cut them or do something with
them huh seriously hurts so bad I have a
splitting headache you guys it hurts
it's like killing me it's like throught
you know like when you get Milo's head
just like you close your eyes super
super tight and it doesn't go away and
you my friend look at him he's on his
webbing of his monkey I just love that
picture that I was hooked with it
literally there's 30 monkeys in the
picture including this guy if he were a
monkey she kind of looks like a monkey
sometimes this is really funny about the
webinar pacifier
um Shannon agains 88 actually said my
daughter loves whooping ups it's her
security thing when she's too old for
the pacifier I plan on cutting off the
pacifier and sewing the mouth shut
because she's so attached to the animal
and I literally had to read it like
three times cuz I was like did she
seriously just say she's gonna sew her
kids mouth shut but she met actually
taking it off the pacifier and showing
the stuffed animals mouth shut
well I gotta sleep sometime I guess
that's what they say he's ready for bed
I'm ready for bed I got things to do
make sure that you guys watch the new
video on Missy's channel of his photo
shoot because there's out go and we put
together a really really special video
so go check that out on her channel
it'll be linked below first link in the
description check that out I still
haven't got around to changing the
chalkboard I know I really I just I suck
I'm just I was reading all your
suggestions you guys have a lot of
really great suggestions and so I'm
gonna pick one tomorrow hold me to it
you guys I'm gonna pick one tomorrow and
I'm going to change the chalkboard tell
me right now in the comments because I'm
gonna be reading them all day be like
Brian make sure that you change this
chalkboard when you get home from work
because I need to do it but anyway I
hope you guys have a fantastic day and
we will see you tomorrow good night oh
we love you
he seems to like it helps you then like
I said like I don't want to use it just
to shut him up I want to do it when we
know the Palma's which is right
he wants to like sue their second suck
on something so how you liking this
whole living on the earth thing you
really like it that's awesome
well you know you're like the coolest
baby in the whole world right ah
