you got a boy you can do it you can do
it come on boy come on over here come on
buddy
oh there you go look at that look at
that look at that baby boy hi
baby
you have rolled
amazing things morning everyone so I am
actually doing my hair grinds at work
and Oliver is sitting with aunty it is
really nice having a sister who just
loves hanging out with this guy so much
that she actually kind of steals him
from me a little bit too often it's nice
when you have to like do your hair and
he really just wants to like lay on us
and stuff and sometimes I have to do
other things and so really really nice
really helpful we're actually getting
ready to go out go to a couple errands
so hopefully just kind of a calm day I
plan on taking a nap getting Oliver
ready for the day right now which he's
totally passed out and I'm happy and I
believe you're not supposed to wake up a
way wake a sleeping baby but I have to I
have to wake him up but you guys got to
see this outfit Bryan put this outfit on
him last night and I wasn't gonna be
using it because he's just a little bit
too big for him but it's so cute you
guys got to see this
someone actually sent this to us Oh
relax says I love my big brother karma
he's so cute I love it so much
it's just a little bit too big for I was
probably more went for when he gets it
was like three months old he is
officially looking super cute in his new
outfit it's a little blue romper with
sailboats on it and I think it says
captain oh just says captain I know
let's say something else is on there oh
yeah I just say captain QT he's my
little captain QT hi boy I haven't seen
you all day he's happy to see me
I miss a co-op it you should put this on
yeah it's been in the diaper bag because
I've been back I was like wait I can't
he should wear this okay look you guys
Karma's trapped in prison would you do
boy would you do to get dropped in there
do you pick a fight with a cat yeah to
pick a fight with a kitty cat or
squirrel did you throw your ball through
a window do you steal someone else's
milk bones huh huh okay I let you out
karma boy so Missy has run off to the
store to get a couple things baby Ollie
and I'm just doing
work from home but I just remembered
it's lunch time it's lunch time
I'm Simas quite possibly one of my
favorite times of the day but I remember
we have leftover chicken oka soup
basically we spent like a lot of money
yesterday um and I actually had a coupon
that I didn't get to use and so I'm
gonna go back I'm gonna use my coupon
for like 20% off the entire purchase and
then I'm gonna have like money that I
can spend here I'm like really excited
about it it's full because I not only
took my leftovers but I poured my mom's
leftovers in there also because chicken
Doki soup was just so I just don't think
that I can ever get sick of chicken nogi
soup seriously I'm gonna Mack on this
you got all fussy and his car seat so
you want to go look I think I'm actually
gonna go look at some milk ease I'm
really excited about about it if you
guys don't know what it is she look it
up but basically like saves your milk
for you and you don't have to do any
pumping it's just kind of like it
catches your overflow or like whatever
is coming out on the other side your
letdown
so I'm not lookit purchasing today Oh
baby what's wrong I need to request a
cute picture of Oliver because I miss
him whenever I miss Oliver at work I
just text Missy and I say picture please
actually did end up getting the milk
save or the milk keys whereas the cold
milk save Oh milk saver is over there
and um and I'm really excited about it
hopefully use it
it's hard like thinking is like what I'm
going to use this because I might
breastfeed it just kind of sit there and
do it I'll have to like set up kind of
but that I actually I really forgot this
my mom bought him some her a woman AB
and basically it's this pacifier that
has a little mud sticking outside of it
I'm super excited about it because
lately he's been really using me as like
a pacifier like basically he just wants
to latch on and suck and it tells me
that he does not want to unlatch he just
wants to like suck you know which
obviously isn't a problem but then at
night it's like really hard because I
gotta get some sleep and I can't hold
him all night kind of things I'm excited
about it I think that when it comes to
pacifiers for me I just don't want them
to be overused I want them to be used
when when I know what the problem is is
that he just wants to sue there he wants
to suck on something I don't want to
just give it to him just to shut him up
or something or even just to give it to
him to give him a minute while I get set
up to actually beat him Missy sent me
this does that work that must be her
view of him right now
like a comet just being lazy hi boy hi
grammar boy everyone thinks we mistreat
you and ignore you huh oh oh look at
this big hug hug okay oh you're actually
crying me okay I know you love me and I
love you too but boundaries okay
boundaries Karma's been doing really
good huh is it get enough attention and
we're playing with him a lot huh oh hi
Oh chicken okay soup I don't wanna burn
it numb goes back you guys my little
buddy yeah he's talking right now
I can't wait till he can talk and like
walk around and crawl and stuff I say
that but then I also like I don't want
him to grow up at all I just wanted to
be this little forever he already feels
heavier Missy just getting big boy you
get big strong so you can hang out with
me and wrassle you know wrassle I've
always liked envisions like rock
wrestling like with my little boy like
and just having fun and you guys
cute this is why you have kids huh you
have a good sleeping buddy you see why
we can't sleep like this at night huh
and not fear of like rolling over on
this precious little baby boy let me let
you rest for a little bit okay
well Missy is not being I'm gonna get
caught up on some laundry look at all
this laundry we have you guys I guess
when you have a kid you just kind of
neglect ooh bamboo beasty
just kind of neglect your own laundry
and be doing lots and lots of all over
laundry yeah it's like really packed in
there too I just throw it all in to fit
fantastic
so guys you laundry I guess thumbs up if
this is how you do laundry boom
OOP cuz door boom boom Venice and we
danced all night to the best song ever
and with every remember should I know
that I don't forget her come on come on
to the best song ever finger wet oh oh
oh
think it went yeah yeah yeah uh-oh if
one Direction's not making his fussing
is better than I don't know what's wrong
what's wrong
yep David Patrol you got dirty diaper
diaper police you got a dirty diaper did
you know did you know how dirty your
diaper was cuz it's pretty bad next time
you're gonna have to be a little more
careful okay all right you're all clean
now you got a fresh diaper so we'll just
let that one go okay we'll give you a
warning the next time I'm gonna have to
write you a fine you understand me
do you understand okay I think he
understand he's very happy with this
pacifier in his mouth you didn't scream
or cry or anything
obviously except pacifiers on his mouth
but kind of made changing his diaper a
little more pleasant and I think it was
a little more pleasant for him to is you
get a little crabby sometimes did you
know that your shirt speaks the truth
you get crabby sometimes and that's okay
I know that comes along with being a
baby and we still love before okay
you're patting tummy time over look over
here Oh
go hey okay no that's a lot of work this
tummy time huh hi there is oh he's so
cute it's great you just got like a full
workout just now you have any blood left
in your fingers he hold hey looks like
it's tight you're sneaking babe we still
got your wedding ring fixed mmm we
really need to it like totally bent like
way out of shape huh
I don't even fit on my finger it's like
dad you guys do it you guys do it oh no
you got a boy you can do it you can do
it come on boy come on over here come on
buddy
oh there you go look at that look at
that look at that
that was pretty good he's doing really
good yeah really working those neck
muscles and chest and relax good job
buddy
what do you call it pasty pacifier or
binky key or some people call it a soup
soup never heard that one what do you
guys call it he seems to like it it
helps you then like I said like I don't
want to use it just to shut him up I
want to do it when we know the problem
is which is right now he wants to like
soother suck it suck on something so how
you liking this whole living on the
earth thing you really like it that's
awesome well you know you're like the
coolest baby in the whole world right ah
you're making me blush hmm can I take
the Pasi can you take it well whoa whoa
whoa whoa they don't still my posse no
take a baby patchy hop don't know about
that but I remember we decided we need
to teach karma how to campus toys look I
swear our our backyard already looks
like we have kids that play back here
because he's got one too
three four five six seven oh there's one
right there eight feel like eight toys
just spread throughout this backyard he
need to learn like clean up the backyard
and like maybe get him a little toy bin
he can put all his toys away hon hon
dude give me what happened yes yes I saw
I was like what the hi Holly didn't tell
you until we were done walking right now
so funny that was really funny I can't
believe they fell all over take look at
it yeah he's searching he looks like a
chicken it's a little lower buddy he's
all day I know do you guys see how cute
he looks right now he's very happy imp
you happy hey him and I talked upstairs
mercy we had a conversation an actual
conversation you give him a voice he
made little gurgles no I was even giving
some cartoon voice all right guys I hope
you had a fantastic day we're gonna call
it a night Oliver is alert and looking
around look okay gonna be a fun night
isn't it
we're gonna be up all night and we're
gonna hang out we're gonna play play
game on and listen to music and watch
movies and board games he's like I doing
that I'm just gonna poop and cry is it
alright say goodbye ollie
bye bye I'm actually seeing up here
because
will actually Brian's mom it just got us
a mirror so we can see him and if you
can't tell he actually is wearing the
most adorable sunglasses ever we just
got a package from Christina thank you
so much oh so stinking adorable he's
just wearing these white like sunglasses
I think they're almost look like Ravens
yeah it kind of looked like Brian's they
look like wayfarers except there
