get to it Oliver boom what what baby boy
he's time
he's our son bully
you are old
do amazing things
good morning hey buddy hmm how are you
me underneath your nose under your nose
you have a good breakfast that's good I
want breakfast now mmm she gave me
laundry to do this morning but I'm
taking care of Oliver so how do I take
him down and the laundry down the stairs
at the same time well like this of
course yes just looks pretty safe
doesn't it I mean you've got nice
cushiony on you he's literally like no
daddy please don't this is not a good
idea oh hi the fact that you've fallen
down the stairs while holding a pile of
laundry in a basket don't think you
should do that you guys you don't think
I should but it's so cute come on he can
do it super happy all right I think
we'll use a baby carrier instead he
seems happier about this idea by the way
loving the hair get it work it there you
go put this little stud muffin in here
he's like oh yeah uh do you like that
see he's making my v-neck a really deep
V I think it's grabby
oh really I'm good hey good be careful
okay a lot harder look and he's
definitely turning my shirt into deep B
smells let's go down that far dude look
at him you don't even know you don't
even know what's going on right now good
morning guys I headed to the car put the
car in the garage it is supposed to be
106 today 106 degrees that's like really
hot so we're gonna put the car in the
garage and get it cooled down so we can
put all over it in and go out today so I
guess the word of the day today is
riffle I don't know who keeps doing this
so I'm gonna change it to live this is
like the perfect lunch right here
I got PB&J critic and comma macchiato
iced coffee it's just that little iced
coffee that comes in like the carton and
you like pour it over ice it's like
really really good oh hi come away what
you're doing oh oh hi come to see Oliver
don't give him kisses we got a comment
on a yesterday's vlog and it really kind
of like disturbed me they were talking
about because cuz in the vlog we showed
karma like hanging out with us and being
part of the family and they were saying
how they don't agree with dogs being
inside the house or like sort of in that
family atmosphere and that they should
be outside or caged up and that made me
so sad I think it's just like a humanity
thing like comas yeah he's a part of the
family and he's like a living creature
and I think as humanity we want to treat
living creatures a certain way and we
can't lock you up
what could are you have you locked up I
think that if you're not a dog person
you probably
get a dog because there are a lot of
people changed a lot of people really
think that they just need to have a dog
because a lot of people have dogs but I
think you need to be a dog person
a dog to have a dog what do you think
golly I'm a dog drinking
this is battling a fly now here
get it big get it you let you got really
close did you get it karma will get him
for you does it miss you look so cute
little dress she hardly ever wears
dresses and then her aunt got her like a
ton of dresses um out of her closet that
she never wore so she got a bunch of
hand-me-down dresses really hot outside
well I can't really wear anything
because it has to be easily boob
accessible cuz you gotta have access to
the boob we're gonna go karma you wanna
say goodbye to baby Ollie gigabyte you
know this is why you guys he gets up on
the couch and he gets Missi kisses when
she's got to go alright so we're at the
mall and actually I'm going shopping
with my mom and Brian's getting a
haircut
virtually shopping for looking for a
really cute outfit so I'm doing
something really cool in like a couple
weeks
panting this could have to do with what
is hinting out the other night or a few
weeks ago so that's we're doing now and
we even are also trying to avoid these
little kiosks that like to attack you
with trying to sell you stuff it's
really annoying his dressing room says
no boys allowed I guess that means
Oliver can't go into the dressing room I
says no boys allowed for this yeah all
right guys got my hair cut it's a lot
shorter than I usually do it but I
actually kind of like it's really nice
for summertime right now
I think Missy hates it when I get my
hair cut short but feels so good and it
was so long overdue so I can't track her
down now see what she's doing he is
getting some clothes right now at
motherhood she's trying on some pants
this little guy is all happy and smiles
huh get some good meaning time some good
time with Mimi
I don't know if Missy showed you this
but look it we got a little clip for the
ma'am you see did they not have a I
heart daddy one what is gonna oh hello
oh you're in your normal clothes yeah I
gave me $100 budget can you do it and a
hundred dollars one outfit babe no I'm
my junior half the budget for sure and
she's like they're buying you one 50%
off another buy one get one normal price
okay well then I lost dad muffin mirror
mirror on the wall who's the cutest baby
of them all okay so it's super loud in
here so I don't know if you're able to
hear me but I officially won I was
basically shopping if you guys don't
know what I'm like when I'm shopping
it's basically I don't know what I'm
doing I don't know it's longer and this
is a teenybopper store but I want the
big super cute Sierra's always
it is not like it's us so I'm really bad
at shopping and I'm also really bad at
making it my mind and deciding what I
want in my style and I'm just really
terrible at it so you can get super
frustrating because I'm gonna find
something and then I'm not gonna buy it
and then I'm gonna come back and then it
might buy it and then I might return it
you never know babe look at you can go
for the Amanda Bynes look big ol beanies
no we put him in this rap but he
literally just wants to like look at you
the whole time he doesn't want to put
his head like tucked in how it's like
comfortable for him so you got to kind
of do an extra step and pulled onto him
hey babe wouldn't that be convenient if
your feet were just the shape of a high
heel yeah you have to wear a high heel
anymore this mannequin is trying to give
me a secret high-five boom
Cece I think you're having a hard time
because all of the other people that are
going to be where you're gonna be are
just really stylish right it's super
intimidating it's a little breakout for
Missy Missy I don't you're gonna you
know what she's gonna be you guys she's
gonna be a little fish in a big pond
you're getting way too many little clues
I am I
get to it Oliver
boom what what he is out you guys yeah
hashtag dad life this is not my
environment this is getting some makeup
stuff but look at they had these cool
mirrors feel like it's Judy's time hello
she's getting her eyes done at Sephora
they remember when I did your makeup I
did it just fine yeah we did the husband
doesn't makeup tag I know I washed off
all the ones I can find on there
really oh I was blind full of two so she
gets to look that's a lot better I
really want to know what this is it's
like a movie poster it's got like a wolf
or bear or something in it it says did
you remember to lock the door your neck
sounds happy and funny it's got a bear
in it thanks happy bear well that
shopping trip was basically a bust it's
just so developed first already have a
hard time shopping and now that I'm like
had a baby and things are more saggy and
they used to be it's hard looking for
something that feels good not just looks
good that you have to feel comfortable
in it do you get a super comfy lot and
I'm really excited about it okay
Jessica's cincin bra it was like 30% off
so I always have a good deal I'm gonna
keep standing by the tub and he's like
I'm thinking it's the the sassy place I
fell you want this that's a bath pillow
you want you want the toys the little
penguin go on go get him going
come on karma gone come on Cara go come
on come on boy oh there you go which one
you want which one you want to play with
there's a flow fit what are you do it no
no don't pop the bath pillow that's
mom's okay now it says live I changed it
you did but that just opens it you have
the are right there it just makes it
easier for someone to add an R and make
it liver again
just make it lumber because he's a push
another boy commas hanging out in the
yard all alone I'm gonna come and hang
out with you Kay buddy okay Carmen can
you hear me
karma scroll well walk play ball okay he
can't hear me okay am i retarded what's
going on okay kai my boy is so excited
to be hooking up with me hey boy I
missed you what do you want I just want
to talk and hang out and all you wanna
do is play pretty oh I dropped the
camera hang on
sure that's dog in the whole wide world
nice doggy oh wow look go scroll oh fail
you failed you didn't catch it you
failed your worst dog ever maybe all
he's gonna do some surfing Cowabunga
dude
work on your balance and your form brah
work on your balance in your form you
know what I'm saying
get get it get it oh and he gets it
ladies and gentlemen he gots a look at
these pretty flowers pretty pretty
flowers but the pretty lady like a
pretty flower with the pretty lady like
a pretty flower oh yeah brownie points
that's why you do things like that
a little surfer studmuffin woke up hey
but he look at you looking around he's
like putting out his arms like come get
me I think he really wants you to pick
him hot baby
no he's too little to know that
does that be super cute but he's smart
okay he can he knows things like this
you're only don't do that here come here
guys
five and a half weeks there's no way
check it out guys Missy's watching
YouTube and look at this this is really
really kind of crazy actually there is
spaghetti essentially dinner is done
right right and then and then look at
this this is so weird it's still light
outside there's light outside Missy in
that crazy car much like wait a minute
when it's dark outside
does graffiti has on her neck right yeah
be getting tighter I think so it's
bleeding
seriously dude you're not have faults ok
I'll do a little bark claw mark he's so
strong yeah does it so I just uh
like trimmed my beard a little now I'm
going to show you because I totally put
chip in it um but we are getting ready
for bed so I'm gonna call it a night I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog um but
what was I gonna say what was I gonna
say what was I gonna say what was I
gonna say oh I want to tell you guys
that you should all comment below with
what you think Missy's big surprises for
the it's coming it's gonna be the toward
the end of this month and it's going to
be pretty cool so you guys should
comment below something else or
something else or something else oh we
have a really cool collab coming up on
this channel like not next week the week
after no sooner than that really soon I
don't know really soon we have a cool
collab coming up on this channel which
you guys are gonna love too so thumbs up
for that we just got a lot of really
cool things coming out we're gonna be
going back and forth to LA a lot and
it's gonna be fun I'm really looking
forward to it if you haven't seen
Missy's tag on karma go watch it I'll
link it in the description below I
watched it again today and it is so
freakin hilarious the relationship that
my wife has with our dog is just insane
he's like the best
yeah all right good night Ally say good
night
he's gonna be alright I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog and we will see you
tomorrow bye so if you're in this area
you guys I just left my mark at this
Freebirds right there and I've hit the
Golden Snitch and it's got my initials
on it so if you find it Instagram it to
me because I want to see it I want to
see if anyone is in this area that can
go get it we don't really put into
perspective how many people
