good morning karma carrier boy come on
Kimmy come hi boy hi good morning good
morning good morning it's money time
good morning good morning
hugs hugs okay
let's not attack me huh
baby boy it's nice hi
I'm baby
you are old
amazing things good morning guys
so meeting Oliver actually didn't have a
terrible night did we it wasn't that bad
um he me had a little bit of a timer he
didn't want to sleep but he wasn't like
crying and that always makes me sad when
he's crying I'm just like you know it's
one thing he's just crying because he's
crying but like you start to think like
oh my gosh what if something's wrong
what if he's in pain what if something's
hurting him and so your mind starts
running wild especially in the middle of
at night and so it always just makes it
harder last night was actually much
better he didn't really do a lot of
crying more just like a lot of grunting
and didn't really want to wake up or go
to sleep so now we're up and eating and
he has just been so much more aware and
just really really loving it how like
happy is and he wants to look around and
he's just so cute huh
and poor I finally have a new outfit on
him captain adorable and as you can tell
this is actually a milk stain from when
I was holding him my milk just I think
pads that I got they're just kind of not
the best I love my bamboo bees but
they're pretty expensive and they're I
only have like two sets of them so I
need to get more and yeah they're
definitely not these ones that I'm using
are just not very good so that's what
happens when you have not very good
breast pads
she sent me to go get some hot
chocolates because she loves hot
chocolate down at this little gas
station
I don't polygraph sometimes but it's
such a beautiful day out we should
totally do something like a picnic or
something oh this is my jam right here
you guys got this I'm fairly close to yo
baby it's abortion girl so emotional
bumpers things are coming in my head I
thought when I don't know words look at
this he knows how much you guys want to
squeeze his cheek so he's doing it for
you hey he's like I'll just pinch my own
cheeks for ya huh donut donut oh look at
my kids are so big they're so big I
thought those two funny just now he's
all squeezing his cheeks
I got Missy her hot chocolate and they
actually have this thing called
blueberry cream cappuccino and you guys
know how I love blueberry anything
blu-rays I love sad try it freaking hot
Manami days like blueberries word up
back home back to the little one there
once again out of newborn diapers which
is kind of like our life right now but I
just put him in his first uh one size
and it actually fits it's a bun genius I
think this one's actually from Heidi Kim
and it actually fits pretty syncing well
so maybe we're out of the woods and we
don't have to keep doing laundry every
single day and because I have a lot of
one size so if he fits in one size that
might be good
seems like this is a little bit open but
maybe the legs seem to fit pretty well
he's definitely fluffy karma just
dropped this off in my wrap
look it is a little octopus come is this
yours this yours karma you want it oh he
winked at me ready go get Oh Missy said
that he just cuddled up to Oliver while
she was feeding and licked his toes
the coolest thing ever he literally is
popped up here laid his head down like
v√≠ctimas be a little bit with a nose
much karma is that true
do you love maybe Ollie he really loves
this octopus right now can I just take
this please okay set it here he's like
please give me this depth at about and
Olli are gonna be best friends you know
that you gonna be best friends he's
gonna ride on your back and you're gonna
go on adventures he like nibbles on my
ear karma that's inappropriate we got a
comment in yesterday's vlog and someone
asked why is there a bed in your living
room that's like oh my gosh it was so
funny um no there is not a bed in our
living room there is a living room in
our bedroom yeah so this is just our
room we have everything set up we have
my little office area we have a living
room set up our bed and then our
bathroom I know it's kind of confusing
maybe we'll do another room tour because
I know we have a lot of new subscribers
but this is just our one big abode
little studio we even got a fridge with
our whole life on it nice realize we all
have a picture karma on here we need get
a picture of you boy oh yeah I think
that picture is enough right arm so we
are getting ready to film oh my would be
that smiley face I'm getting ready to
film Oliver's 2 week update we were
supposed to do it yesterday but we
totally just got super tired and bored
so if you guys don't know we do film a
weekly update on him so you guys can
hear all his new you know updates and
stuff and then we do it with the update
on me because obviously I'm 2 weeks
postpartum and we put this on my other
channel which is called bumps along the
way with a lot of new viewers who ask us
a lot of questions about where we're
filming our videos and putting them in
stuff though we have another Channel
definitely check it out it's a pregnancy
channel and obviously now it's a
Parenthood channel where we talk all
about you know now what what's what he's
doing how he's doing it took us a while
but baby Olly is now very quiet and
content in his little bouncer
and is here comes trouble shirt he
seriously took this like a good 30
minutes to get him to like relax and be
comfortable so he just filmed one of us
these videos and that we're gonna do her
two week postpartum update like Missy
said these videos are for her other
channel which is called the bumps along
the way and it's our parenthood and her
mommy channel um it's different from the
daily bumps so be sure that you are
subscribed to that channel as well so
you don't miss out look at that dude
okay Buddy Holly is having an tee time
he's so cute he's just like cuddling
with him he's always too thankful hey
boy you gonna tell me what my auntie
leave me alone
time to go lolly stealing the baby she
snatches him away I just realized that I
have not eaten anything I got myself
that blueberry cappuccino this morning
and we've just been so busy filming
Carol hold the gate open for you
I was holding Oprah for YouTube how much
what
oh he just pooed yeah
yeah he's turning around that means that
who's coming up but we've been so busy
filming that I haven't eaten anything so
I had to get a slice speeds really fast
and look at Karma he's like no not for
you not for you boy he'll be my best
friend right now he's really coming out
huh take a bite
why is it cold yeah you don't like cold
pizza coppice is amazing
the worm he did even better no I
sometimes like cold betta better what do
you guys think do you like cold treats
are warm pizza he's all about the cold
pizza babe no it's very popular but it
was an alley poop it was a gnarly poop
as I'm saying
finneus second white second white
material you guys that's how you know
it's pretty gnarly don't point that
thing at me
we're trying another one sighs it's a
trolley banana so we're not sure how
this one will fit
actually this is actually a really cool
collar babe yeah it's like a bluish
greenish color he is not happy
Oh No so we just finished filming the
breastfeeding update video and Oliver
seriously puked everywhere all over
Missy it was like he wasn't even
swallowing he was just holding on the
milk in his mouth and then he like spit
it all up at Missy OHS hilarious you
know what you did don't you now he's
like awake he's looking around he's like
I want chicken okey soup is that what
you're saying babe the baby wants
chicken okey soup we're gonna grab some
food and go have a picnic at the park
because we just really feel like we
should get out of the house a little bit
since we've been so cooped up but it's
kind of chilly that's why I'm wearing a
jacket
so 82 degrees out even if you really
cool 82 82 degrees out babe oh they're
crazy
it's the breeze the breeze feels the
wind chill and they're like a win
no no there is well you say it feels
cold and it might even give him a chance
to wear his jacket and our stomachs are
paying the price yeah we're like
obsolete starving so of course he's full
he's full happy and fed okay sorry so we
are finally going to get to use our
stroller which isn't a stroller it's a
frame oh yeah yeah this is a great go
frame and it kind of fits perfect with
the Graco car seat and I cannot do it I
guess it doesn't fit so it perfectly
here we go I just get really excited
whenever we can use this because I just
feel like a real parent you know like
pushing him around in his little
stroller yeah put that up get the Sun
out his eyes he's gonna freak out Missy
he's gonna cry he's gonna cry and to me
all your fault there you go we fixed it
can't have a picnic without good old
French red it's not this it smell good
oh it's so warm you guys smell so it's
not hot we have a baby now so now we get
free stickers you go over now we don't
look as we're when we take the stickers
because we actually have a baby to put
them on huh do you really do that why
don't you get one of these ones
oh okay justifying it right baby's first
picnic Oliver Oliver he's not as excited
as I thought he'd be baby's first picnic
okay my goodness
ham here's how you do it you guys push
this in you grab it and you go wow
they're nice look at all this food we
got guys we got chicken we got bread we
got Gatorade
we got cinnamon rolls do you wanna bring
cinnamon rolls no we got salad oh we're
all ready for baby's first picnic baby's
first picnic Oliver wake up you're gonna
miss all the fun go into a secret park
with baby Allie the secret Park for the
baby's first picnic are you guys sick of
me saying babies first picnic yet it's
just so exciting whenever we get to do
something that he's never done before
I mean it's could be really exciting
when he actually can enjoy yeah when
he's like running around and stuff I
know we should have brought karma
there's dogs running everywhere oh no
puppies coming over here you guys hi
puppy hey there hi hi she's got really
excited sorry tiger hi hi there
all right we're going off-road you guys
you ready ollie
yeah oh it's actually very tough to push
imagine that Brian is headed back to the
car because the Forks that we worked so
hard to get we couldn't find any Forks
in the store apparently are not in any
of these bags so we're gonna see if they
got left in the seminal bag hidden
that's sad Oliver yeah he looks so sad
this king you actually look adorable as
usual he did
yay we did it okay with our hands
my hero done here's a fun fact for you
we left
Oliver's portable wet bag in the washer
so one of these bags will have to double
as a wet bag because that's how you do
it when your parents you improvise okay
put that in the shuttle hmm hey buddy
are you enjoying your first picnic he's
very much enjoying it I know actually
why is he so calm in the shade hey buddy
buddy getting some vitamin s guys we
have wings we have chicken sat/rad babe
we forgot about the bread
Missy loves her some bread am i right
here you tight off Missy really likes
her bread then I saw you guys that with
this big ol huge loaf of bread though so
we're not even back from the park for
like five minutes and Oliver poops and
pees everywhere like well Missy was
getting a diaper huh and it totally got
out of the cover and just seemed at me
for like a caucus room it was crazy
so now we're getting him about oh that's
how it you pull do you think that's too
full you think I was too full you guys I
think that might be too full lemmya it
oh poor guy he really had to go he was
just holding it for you he's like I'm
gonna hold this poop in pee for my mama
I'm gonna go all over her he hasn't
pooped or peed on me well I guess he did
pee on me but no poop so we're good
thumbs up to send me some good juju that
I do not get pooped on because I would
suck
really that's coming out of my wife's
mouth right now that getting pooped on
really isn't that bad yeah
I'm giving him a little baby massage
trying to help relax a little bit
exfoliate relax miss he loves that
coconut oil
she puts it on everything really good
mom have any helpful I still got tired
baby coming up the stairs he has a long
day of sleeping yeah would you like some
more sleep with that sleep baby Olli how
long would you be waked up for the night
yeah all right all he's getting his
diaper changed
and we are getting ready for bed
exciting news though you guys we
actually hit 25,000 bumpers on this
channel that's crazy
and like totally awesome and I think all
he might have something to do with it oh
now with that face come on buddy
Missy and I will be doing a Q&A on our
Twitter's um sometime today when you're
watching this vlog so be sure you're
following us on Twitter he is like
please follow them on Twitter I was
gonna be an exciting day I have my aunt
coming over and we're gonna have lunch
with my mom and how I karma karma came
in you know music what's all this ruckus
she hey boy that was just baby Olly
screaming you know working his lungs you
know anyway I hope you guys had a
fantastic Monday and as always we will
see you tomorrow peace where'd you go
where'd you go where'd you go there you
are
that probably is not good for your
psyche huh
who is that Oliver that's your auntie
Corbin and Kelsey okay oh isn't he the
greatest you guys you need one can you
guys please get one
