hey guys so it's one take Sunday and
we're gonna have a ton of fun karma what
are you doing come here come here boy
come here go the stairs go just go down
the flight go down the slide
ah ha ha yeah see that's what's all
about you guys is little things like
that
baby boy hi
is awesome baby
you have whoa
do amazing things who is a beautiful day
and we are going for a walk with little
baby Ali and our new stroller can you
guys believe we've won this thing its a
bright x3 world stroller this goes both
ways so he can actually face me he can
look at me how did you get to actually
see like if you like what what is this
why am I going forward that's so weird
he's used to going backwards ha ha hello
a guy so it's actually really cool
because he can like look around and
things around us instead of jessic at me
it's like more explore more I guess you
can say I love it he likes it to look at
he's like I can look at daddy look at
daddy I'm so happy car way down that
slide oh my gosh that's so funny you
guys oh oh
water trap go around you can offer road
with this thing babe it's actually
really easy yeah oh yeah your last time
we were out here and I was like pushing
the other one on the grass and it would
just not go but this thing's pretty
heavy-duty
oh my gosh there's gotta be mosquitos oh
oh sorry guys I really had to go I was
just like that looks for the guys huh
there's no mosquitoes on you babe we
don't live in Idaho no more oh wait
there's one right there
just kidding I'm sorry hmm Karma's
Splore and we're not gonna throw
anything for him yeah that way like pays
more attention to us okay but seriously
when he was a baby I used to take him
down the slide all the time and he
hasn't done in years and he literally
just got that and we're gonna slide like
it was yesterday
he totally knows it still Carla come
here stay close
hi Karen Oh Missy remember he did that
in like the fifth daily vlog we got him
to climb a tree karma come on come here
come on go get the scrub get this girl
get this girl whoa hey okay okay now he
actually is stacking the tree okay calm
down what you like eats the bark and he
like attacks the tree it's the funniest
thing
wait what can i tree hugger you know I
named him to be like more of a hippie
name
yeah Karma yeah totally has a hippie
name not like so funny but yeah we love
the new stroller and obviously baby all
he loves it too huh huh
and we actually learned um oh my gosh
just give this cutest smile do that
again cover you want to give kisses give
baby all the kisses with missing huh
my dad teaching him
yesterday without Oliver in here he
teaches karma to grab on like take an
Instagram of it doing it he was like
grabbing on oh my god we actually
learned in yesterday's video on the
comments that this is the same stroller
that Judy and Benji used so that's
really cool and I remember them like
even they took it all the way to like
Europe even when they did like their big
trips and stuff so I must travel well
and it must be nice enough that they
want to actually someone said that this
thing's actually worth like six hundred
fifty dollars I was like no way and we
want it so cool I think I think um Benji
modified it so that though bills weren't
plastic he replaced it with a rubber I
know he's gonna he's gonna have to tweet
me and tell me how he did it because I
know I'm not gonna be I'm not that handy
so maybe there's like actual like
replacements you can buy on eBay yeah
and then just do it you know Lucy
there's like spoons of accessories I
can't wait to start buying XS yeah um
but speaking of YouTube comments I
wanted to talk to you guys about this
because it's getting more apparent and I
think that karma come on come on keep up
we have been getting a lot of negative
comments on our channel and so I just I
don't know I think that some people
watching this need to remember that
Missy and I are still like human you
know what I mean like we are still human
beings yeah we're very normal we don't
consider ourselves famous or like
celebrities or anything like that and I
don't think we act like that even
because you know like I always be sure
to like talk to everyone on Twitter when
they like tweet me and stuff so if
you're not following me on twitter
follow me on twitter in the in the
description because i always try to be
like as communicative as possible on
twitter everywhere else is kind of hard
but i think people need a friendly
reminder that macy and i are still human
and we still do have feelings and we
still read the comments like people
comment as though we don't read them and
that's like the most awkward thing ever
because it's like they're talking about
you behind your back right in front of
you it's like when you're like you're
having a conversation with someone I'm
like oh man Betty
her nose is ugly and then she's like
standing right behind me and she's like
oh what's wrong with my
like come on it's just it can be really
hard and I know if you guys are
following Anna and Joe face in Ireland
they had some trouble with it and she
got to the point where she got really
fed up and she just couldn't do a video
that day because they were just so
overwhelmed with negative comments and
we don't want to get like that and I
know we don't get as near as and
negativity as they do and we know that
it sort of comes along with being on
YouTube and stuff like that obviously we
put our lives on the Internet so we sort
of we don't ask for criticism or advice
but we get it and we're totally fine
with that but like downright hate a
that's just that's not where this is
going to be this is a community where
people can come and love family and
share their experiences and I always
want to do that especially in the
comments section love reading our
comments because 99% of them are amazing
yeah we have such amazing subscribers
such amazing love and support and so
most of the time it's not a problem for
us sometimes it's just kind of like we
do have days where we're just like like
what are we doing you know and like we
have to just like we get past those
negative comments and get to the
positive comments which are amazing and
we appreciate everything that you guys
do and we love talking you guys in the
comments so here's one of them do I'm
gonna challenge you guys with a friendly
reminder be nice to people you know like
you have no idea how much a small little
gesture will change someone's life in a
day that they could be feeling like
downright low and you could do something
so simple to change their life by just
saying hi with a smile or or
complimenting them so here's what I want
you guys to do if you look into the
comments right now there's probably
comments what I want you to do is when
you leave your comment I want you to say
something nice about the commenter below
you so you can say like oh my god I
totally love when karma jumped up on
that tree and the comment herbal line
behind our below me shaycarl
because you know he comments on our
blocks okay I love his hair in his
profile picture that guys got it going
on leave something leave something
positive for the commenter that you're
following and just spread love because
that's what we want to do is we want to
spread love and hope with these YouTube
videos
so that's what I that's what I'm telling
you that's my two cents um Karma's
gonna go on like good I was like cause
like he totally felt that I okay baby
you make him go up and I'll catch it
from down here come on come on yeah oh
my god I thought he was gonna climb that
there we go there we go come on come on
down come on down what do you think baby
Olly you want to go down there too
he's got the biggest smile he's like
yeah I do I want to go down there too
isn't it cool that you can do something
like that now I'm young still this he's
got our body back she can do stuff like
that
hey buddy tell everyone hey guys I want
you to thumbs up this video
not with your middle finger with your
thumb like this video guys cuz I have
you walked your hair part I totally
destroyed
he's been so gassy lately huh oh we
didn't remind you guys we filmed on
amazing video for Missy's channel and it
should get what is something Oh what is
that did he jump on you oh he totally
did he like crashed into me karma you
got muddy paws you're getting a BA th
tonight he is not happy about that we
filmed an amazing video today which is
why we are so thankful that we had one
take Sunday because we worked our butts
off this morning and it's something
pretty cool and new and it's on Missy's
channel so go watch it right now click
on her face right now and we'll take you
to the video I know I haven't edited yet
but I bet it's amazing and it's
something that I kind of just had an
idea and I was like oh not a lot of
people do that you know so I think that
it'll actually really cool and really
surprising and here's just a little hint
this gorgeous little feller isn't it
aren't you buddy stars yeah alright so
I'm running out of minutes on this thing
and only record for 10 minutes at a time
Oh in camera news I've got a new camera
and I didn't talk about it to Missy
before I bought it but it's gonna be
really really cool so I'm really excited
a newer model um and I don't know we'll
see if we like oh I'm gonna have to ask
you guys because you guys are the ones
that watch it yeah anything else you
want to say one take Sunday go happy one
take Sunday
boom happy one take Sunday happy Labor
Day oh it's Labor Day you guys so I hope
you guys are having a fantastic Labor
Day and happy late Father's Day to
everyone that was in New Zealand and
Australia no it was a couple places but
anyway we really got to go there's six
seconds so I hope you guys liked the
video thumbs up and we'll talk you later
bye come out of the wrapping what oh you
got food I yeah I thought you did my
phone just vibrated down there I met you
I have poop all over me no way dude what
do you do he's like I really had to go
okay oh babe it's on your shirt okay you
did change him
