I guess I understand why some people cut
it off but boys need to learn to keep it
up out of his way got you got another
air ball baby boy hi
baby
you have whoa
amazing things morning everyone
so me and oli well we've been relaxing
all morning but now he's just upset but
we are officially now exploding out of
our diapers not fun
he's obviously when he week ago they
were so tiny little poops and it wasn't
a big deal but now he's peeing and
pooing so much more that it's fair
enough come out we actually had our
first poop blowout last night so I was
like oh that sucks like I don't know
what I'm gonna do I'm going to need to
figure out a way better way to make
these fit a little bit better I don't
know what the solution is at this point
but again cleaned up huh son oh yeah
what up guys it is flippin hot and
actually leaving on my lunch break to go
get some grub cuz I'm eaten anything all
day and I've just been so bad with
eating and food lately you guys know I
started my diet right before Oliver was
born and then he was born and then it
kind of just went away again
so I want to try and transition back
into that but I've been desperately
needing sleep which means I'm not
getting up early enough to like eat
something and that's really important is
eating something right when you wake up
to start your metabolism and I've just
been sucking with that cuz it's just
been crazy we've been so busy you know
with my mom visiting with Oliver was
shooting videos and stuff like that and
it's there's no sign of it stopping and
now I'm about to hit the busy season at
work so I have that to deal with - yeah
today is five years you guys five years
with my amazing a beautiful wife Missy
she is like my world and I send out a
little Instagram and I mentioned that
she is just like such a good mom
she just blew me away with how amazing
of my mom she is already you know and we
have even had Oliver
what is it been like 11 days 12 days I
think so she's such an amazing mom she's
such an amazing wife I'm so blessed to
have her we have had a crazy past five
years some of you might know if you guys
don't know some of the things that we've
been through it's been kind of rough and
but still totally redeeming and you guys
should watch our draw my life if you
haven't seen her draw my life I'll leave
it link below actually today since
today's our five year anniversary we
have a happy baby well I think you know
I always just hungry but we got him
cleaned up definitely is happier now now
he's looking for something to eat I just
love it look at it so eyes he's
definitely becoming a little bit more
aware and more awake these days oh my
gosh I love that face he only does that
Elvis face tops
AHA facetiming daddy thank you thank you
you looked really scary there for like a
second
yeah you look like a vampire he's
changed so much it's so hard with this
many devices that are cameras in like
okay hang on showing you him okay see
him no oh yeah yeah I know it's fun I
know it's so crazy
no it doesn't it feels like a year no
pretty much no good are you itching yet
you know like when you get to seven
years they call it the seven-year itch
and you start to like want something
else I'm not itching Oh me and Oliver
just
when app we had a really really nice nap
don't we and he is trying to squeeze all
his poop out so that Mommy can change it
you don't smilin getting ready to change
his diaper he's trying to get everything
out before okay every time I look away
started smiling
I think it's cuz I'm tickling ins belly
so if you guys don't know it is my
environment anniversary and I don't know
what we're gonna do we actually have
some filming that we need to get done
and so I don't know if we're gonna be
doing anything he says he really wants
to do something but I don't know we
might need to celebrate it tomorrow but
at least we don't have to do anything
really because we have a baby and we can
just spend it at home looking at our
baby for our fifth anniversary that
would be just as good cuz she's so cute
this boy has a death grip on my hair
hurt I guess I understand why some
people cut it off but I just need to
learn to keep it up out of his way I
guess she's got another air ball hey
guys
so who excuse me man just got home from
work and we had a big old package today
from diapers calm we love anything from
diverse calm this is a huge package
weighs a ton and it's our water wipes we
had up we start off with a pack of four
and we really loved them and then we
decided to buy a pack of twelve so now
we have a ton of water wipes and really
funny thing I ordered these yesterday
and they came today how crazy is that we
just don't have a package from someone
named Sean and we're freaking out I
can't believe is I'm like oh my gosh are
you kidding okay ready guys this is
pretty so cool
it's Kyra 80 it looks like an oil
painting so look at those cute that
those are seriously his eyes are so big
and brown I love the green
ground it's so perfect I seriously we're
like freaking how to impress you guys is
impressive so cool their studio SRV calm
so you guys can check them out but this
is so frigid it's Karma I tried to get
karna coincides I've just shown his
painting but he thinks that we're just
gonna be nice ball ball ball park walk
look at how cute he looks right now he's
wearing overalls and a little striped
polo shirt hey buddy
he's actually looking around - hi hi why
am i all dressed up we're actually
headed to go film the last parts for
tomorrow's video preparing premiering on
a Missy's channel for all of her song
hey Oliver did you know you have a song
written about you he's like I've heard
this don't cross hi he's seriously
staring at you otherwise
why are you taking me what are we doing
why am I dressed like this I think this
elf is seriously hindering the ability
to put your load up on the thing on
figuring out how to make your eyes work
huh make your eyes work how do I blink a
good mes seriously what like this is
like the harness that like the people in
NASCAR where he's like ready for racing
so he had to take off his outfit because
that Pressley a problem it was not
fitting the season like the hearts
wasn't fitting on him properly so now
that we got that off he seems to be much
more content and he's sleeping so that's
good so we are at the park now and we're
filming and it's freaking gorgeous out
here
he wasn't very cooperative so he needed
some food so we're feeding him and then
hopefully we can oh this is comfy Oh
film with him I gotta say it's hard to
film like and have me in it at the same
time it's like a whole nother ball park
like when you're trying to do pictures
and I'm trying to be in them like I can
pretty much do that but like video it's
hard like I'd have someone else hold the
camera and like trying to explain to
them that it needs
focus on me and it needs to pan down and
I'm not crazy
I ain't friends who are videographers
yeah yeah we're done we're done I'm
ready to go home okay Claire bears
joining the cuddle fast okay hey buddy
the kid then little baby that when I was
pregnant too
I really and he'd sit right there so he
just knows Kleber knows you're the
smartest cat in the world huh can you
believe we made this yes we made him
Missy we actually made him brian is off
now he's Goehring us some food and
obviously you okay I know hang on we
drop the fan obviously with a newborn
you can't really do a lot we don't have
a lot of options this this year is going
to be a little bit different as far as
deliberating our anniversary but I
thought I'd show you sensitives our
anniversary we've shown this in the past
but one year for Valentine's Day Brian
actually made me this really really cool
book of all of our pictures it's super
nice it's it's not I mean it's kind of
like a photo album but it's not actual
photos in the album and there's they're
just like pages and pictures and stuff
so it's so cute and it's something that
is like means like a lot to us and I'll
show you a few pictures in here this
picture is actually really cool cuz it
has that's me up and this I'm like up
the stairs
and that's him peeking around the corner
and so because we didn't see each other
before the wedding nom just picked up
some grub at PF Changs we haven't been
appears in a while if you watch the
vlogs earlier you know we were obsessed
with PF Changs and so we haven't had in
a while and we were like well why not go
get it to go so that's what we're gonna
do him it's been in our five year
anniversary with a baby eating at home
to go it just it sounds amazing I
wouldn't want to do anything else
honestly I think I've told you this
before with my wedding was super like
dim is like super oh man
take and stuff there's our first kiss
so yeah this book is like so special and
we like to go through it every once in a
while and then we had this guy I mean
what more can you ask for as far as like
a present for your anniversary but we
didn't get each other like any cards or
anything but I didn't really I don't
really mind I don't really care for
stuff like that I I just care about this
little di
huh are you hungry again I swear every
time I vlog he's hungry and I'm like oh
you're hungry again this is how we do
just stop the jack-in-the-box and cuz
jack in the box has drinks that are only
a buck and so we had nothing to drink so
I got herself a drink got me something
to drink and I'm even gonna surprise her
with some chocolate overload cake
because you know we're not like cart
people Missy hates flowers and we didn't
really have money to do presents and so
we're kind of just doing like a chill
five-year anniversary you know what I
mean I don't know I know like every year
you're supposed to actually get
something like specific like the first
year's paper
what's your five do you guys know your
five if you do leave it in the comments
I'm actually really curious what is your
five I hope your five is takeout because
we have plenty of that I'm not really a
hard person or a flower person either
anyways because I feel like it's like a
waste of money like I don't need to read
a card that says something super generic
on it and cheesy I'd rather him write me
a note kind of thing or flowers that
just kind of die I'm just saying like
they die and they're only good for like
a couple of days we had a baby and
that's my present huh I got you a
present
that's way better than a card really
yeah yeah yummy did you know that the
first time we have
we felt him kick was a we're leaving
this you're eating a chocolate overload
cake and you felt Oliver kick for the
first time yeah oh I remember that I bet
he likes chocolate over there yeah it
does one day one day you're gonna love
it
we are officially having our I'm very
romantic dinner I'm even wearing my very
fancy outfit um yeah so we end up
getting PF Changs I'm having a Mongolian
barbecue oh wait what is this call lo
mein
oh but isn't it like Mongolian I don't
know it's just people main and he's
having one goal weight you're having one
going in something right I'm going in
beat okay corned beef lo mein and we're
watching our favorite chubby brother
this is the comments how much better can
get I know look at we even out this
little guy we have a baby and our
favorite meal they gave us three fortune
cookies per week no I ordered two meals
they give us three fortune cookies they
just knew there was something up here's
a tip if you go to PF jigs and you like
the mongolian beef i sub out the green
onions for green beans and it's like
toast way better
we just annihilated dinner right here do
you guys see this that was pretty dope
now we have three fortune cookies Oliver
gets one you get one and I get one I'm
gonna give this one to Oliver there you
go buddy unwrap that please you will see
many lands in the process learn more
about life and in the process learn more
about life we're gonna travel what yeah
a pleasant surprise is soon in store for
you ooh
what nothing you added embed it to it
yeah all right all everybody this one's
yours whoops we'll help you out since
you seem a little busy sorry if we're
bothering you with our family time
someone new is coming into your life to
benefit to the benefit of you both women
what what it would've been good like a
week ago or two weeks ago someone made a
tumblr page about us and it's actually
really really cool and every day after
the vlog goes up they make six cool
little gifts about our vlog and put
and it's just the coolest thing ever
like after the vlog goes live I'm like I
always check it I can't wait to see it
cuz they're so funny and like you cap
okay I'm talking to you obviously if you
make the vlog but you capture the entire
episode so good daily bumps tumbler calm
and it's awesome like okay
this is today's gif it's Missy coming
down the stairs it's just so body I just
love it alright guys it's like 3 a.m.
I've been up this whole time working on
Oliver's song video and I finally have
it all finished and up but not sure if
we're going to be able to get up on
Friday because although it's all
finished and it's up and stuff there's a
lot of legal stuff because it's like an
official song and I'm working with my
buddy Jared obviously it's 3:00 in the
morning so I can't like call him or
anything but he's gonna call and get it
taken care of so we can get that up and
then you guys can watch it but I'm
really excited because the video is
really good and um Missy was up nursing
and she watched it and you liked it guys
she could take a baby gotta figure it
out like I said it's a bunch of legal
jumbo model blah blah so we're tired
it's 3 a.m. I have to edit this vlog and
yeah
thumbs up for motivation right there you
guys I mean I I wanted to go to bed like
4 hours ago but it just wasn't happening
thank you guys so much for watching and
as always we will see you tomorrow
oh and I do want to say we have a little
bit of a surprise coming up for you guys
I'm not gonna tell you what but I'll let
you guys speculate ok bye he really does
not like the Sun he like has to be in my
shade it is really bright out here boy
he still has a little oh sorry I'm sorry
I'll shade you he still has the little
dots on his oh there we go
cool baby right here what up oh my gosh
mom that's hilarious
no wait he needs ray-bans there we go
hip baby right here you kidding me look
at you you look so cute
