come on dude you always have breakfast
and lunch and dinner all the time same
meal every single time doesn't that get
like boring hey baby boy hi
is awesome baby
you have whoa
do amazing things
good morning Oliver you sleeping he's
getting time with Grandma this morning
making all sorts of sounds no joke you
guys this is his third pajamas right
because he peed on the first ones and
yeah
third pajamas he's worn in one night I
love these little nails hey Oliver you
dreaming do bother me don't bother me
my mom got to spend some time with him
this morning so Missy was able to take a
nap but much-needed nap we all just need
naps around here and I just I've come to
the conclusion that we just need to go
on vacation right where do you want to
go in to vacation with Oliver I want to
go on vacation with Oliver oh my gosh to
be soaked how would that be a vacation
you're doing the same thing digging of
all my cattle we'd be doing it like in
paradise we are trying to do a new like
wash routine for the cloth diapers not
because I'm like there's nothing wrong
with any of them but I just think that I
was possibly doing it wrong so we tried
we're going to do like we did like a
cold rinse and now we're doing like a
regular wash with soap and then we're
gonna do the second rinse so I don't
know I'm hoping that this maybe makes
them a little bit cleaner not that they
weren't any less clean but and then of
course we'll hang them outside and
hopefully that gets any stains out too
so yes we'll see when we get done if
they turn out any better you know hi
karma boy comments been enjoying this
great backyard while we have company
he's just not real good with new
visitors it doesn't really know my mom
can I please have this I'd like to have
this so I can throw it for you now I'm
not gonna throw for you are you happy we
had an awesome subscriber from Hawaii
actually send a new bow tie and it's
cool colors it's gonna clip right on
there really easily so I want to put it
on a comment come here he can ever stop
playing for three seconds sit sit sit
sit
I got it on there that was his old one
which we still like and it's still in
good condition which is actually kind of
rare but I got his new bow tie on come
here karma come here boy
he just wants to play some I'll play
with you I promise come here how do you
like it boy you like your new bow tie it
is really cool I love the color you like
it karma
you're pretty doggy get your frisbee get
your frizzy get your frisbee we're gonna
put this one in a good spot so you can
still wear it cuz I can't believe that
it's like not torn up right now that's
pretty amazing so a little while back a
subscriber sent us these really cool
bracelets and they sent us to and I'm
not sure why they sent us to if it was a
mistake or not because actually the
package only said one but Missy has hers
and she really likes it and so I'm gonna
give this one to my mother a so you have
something for Oliver because Oliver's
you know our little anchor it's our like
it's Annie oh it's adorable
you like it I love it cool awesome now
every time you see it you can get all of
her and then I'll cry it's emotional
grandma grandmas are allowed to be
emotional mom it's okay sure yeah feel
terrible Italy right it's okay just feel
so blessed looks good on ya
do you want me tighten it up yeah just
send it okay Missy's all dressed up and
pretty and ready for the day and now
she's there I just thought walking down
the stairs it's like a what's up movie
pretty not pretty woman know the guy
know you the one where she like goes to
Provence she gets all pretty anyway walk
down the stairs it's like kiss me by the
minute buddy now you know I'm saying
the one where he like takes the geek to
to prom you guys know it tell me what
the movie is I'm freaking out I cannot
think about it I felt like Rachel just
now though right you can she comes down
the stairs and our progress and Ross it
like staring at her oh that was kind of
random you do not look like you just had
a baby babe it's in there she's all
touchy
you look hot seriously give me spend
draw for me draw for me yeah there we go
I don't know I said green but now I'm
looking I thinking blue I don't know our
you have beautiful blue-green eyes honey
yes UTI maybe they're gonna be nasty
colored Missy yeah there you go
hey buddy
laughter nobody so I've got all his
diapers hung and then take them out to
the Sun and get them drying and there's
a few stains on these so hopefully we
can get out anything from the Sun karma
really wants to play aren't I'll play
out I'll throw it for you come here
I love how he prances around he's like
mom's out Moza maybe she'll play with me
get hang on let me switch hands here
ready yeah yeah you're so cute come on
drop it he's really just happy when
anyone comes out here he always just
wants up like jump it squirrel okay
trying to mess up the diapers come here
good boy hey it's been very good good
boy Carm get Oh kale we are like all dry
I think that's the first time we've all
like been dressed up like really nice in
a while in a while so we need to do a
picture as I just realized on our
Instagram we had uploaded one picture of
all of us together like one big happy
family he's not when I put me aside he's
a vampire
he needs his sunglasses ok we just took
a really funny picture but I realize
that we haven't properly introduced him
to the land like Lion King style he
really does not like the Sun he like has
to be in my shade it is really bright
out here boy he still has a little oh
sorry I'm sorry I'll shade you he still
has the little dots on his oh there we
go
cool baby right here what up oh my gosh
mom
that's hilarious no wait he needs Ravens
there we go hip baby right here are you
kidding me look at you you look so cute
get your hip little boy my god not only
now they're practical but he looks cool
a much happier now ok thank you
we should really put a sunglass not need
right and his mom just left but she'll
be back in a few days probably to see
him again
but me and oli are doing some laundry
I'm trying to drag him around and do
laundry and watch everyone and try not
to wear herself out and hopefully I can
get stuff done what do you think car so
exhausted guys it's like crazy I can't
believe how tired I am these days it's
just sort of like sleep for like five
hours strike five hours that's my goal
not eight hours but just give me five
hours never really I just need like an
hour Oh baby
Hey okay I'll hold you he just wanted
some mom I love huh or you just wanted
just a better position so he could poop
I realize now that um being a mom you
really forget to take care of yourself I
just feel like I haven't like showered
in forever
yeah so dirty mostly because I have like
puking all kind of stuff on me good
uhumm night now you're hungry huh
karma should we feed him I'm starting
this new thing with karma if you guys
don't know when Cara was a baby like as
like a puppy I started um saying like
let's go take a shower and now he knows
if I say let's take a shower he runs to
the bathroom and he gets himself ready
so that he can sit in the bathroom while
I take a shower okay baby okay I made it
so that I can say let's go feed the baby
and then he comes to the nursery and he
lays down and we feed the baby and I
feel like it's a really great way for
him to kind of bond it's something that
we do together to feed the baby and
helps him kind of learn that like we are
doing something for the baby kind of
thing I don't know I just thought it was
a great way to kind of get him more used
to the baby definitely time to feed the
baby isn't it oh we are headed back to
San Diego my mom is actually staying
with my aunt who lives in San Diego
gonna be hanging out there for a while
and you'll come back right to see where
all they will getting me yeah so she's
gonna be here for a while so we're gonna
have a lot of fun
we will definitely want to go to
SeaWorld with Allie but I think we have
to wait till he's like maybe a month old
I don't know what do you guys think let
us know so I got all my diapers stuff
they seem to be pretty dry and really
clean I think I'm really happy with my
new washing or to night routine I just
watched like a ton of videos to try and
get an idea of what other people do and
I think I was just using like I wasn't
doing enough rinses and I didn't want to
like ruin my diapers so I want to be
sure I was doing it right
and I kind of felt like I wasn't
possibly doing it wrong so called
diapers are stuff and I bet I think I
got a few questions um like why don't
you guys just use a few prefold I do
have pre folds I only have like one
cover and that's this one and it's
pretty large we just got this one in the
mail so I probably should buy some more
covers whose those seemed to be fairly
cheap and then that should get us
through so I can use pre folds covers
and these diapers until he's out of them
and then hopefully we just don't go to
the all-in-one serves out of one sizes
so I've been doing laundry like all day
and I was so excited because I finally
got to put on a fresh clean nursing bra
and I was super excited about it because
I was like so I just been wearing like I
have like a few different bras that I
really like but the problem was is that
I kept like every time he eats like
there's just like milk that gets on and
I'm just like whatever I can't be doing
laundry every single day with these
nursing tanks nursing drawers and stuff
I just been wearing like just trying to
cycling through them so I'm so excited
and then I put on a one of my new
nursing pads her money where they called
them
yeah nursing pads it totally leads
through I'm so sad
because now I brought is once again
filled with milk I only lasted like an
hour and we're getting some I guess what
Brian calls vitamin s and we are nursing
enjoying the really really nice weather
today karma would really really like me
to play some ball but of course I've got
the baby as usual and I hope he doesn't
grow like resentful towards me because
I've always got the baby and I haven't
but I think that as like the week's go
on it'll start to loosen up and I won't
need to have him least you know 24/7 and
I can play with him a little bit more
often so Q you're actually starting to
like look at stuff and I swear he just I
swear he went for and tried to grab it I
was like what that's a whole milestone
right there but I don't think he would
grab for I think he was just playing
with his hand it was pretty cute he's
just been looking around and had a
pop-by and Mimi sits up like this he
came to be slipping see he did it he
went for it look at him he's trying to
play with it oh oh look at that
you didn't told you I wasn't the
smartest baby oh yeah coming time he's
so cute
he totally is like this is good I like
this position that's like his favorite
position when he lays on us Jerry why
would I put him in it or like when I
laid him on his tummy he just like found
it like all right okay okay guys watch
he doesn't blink hey and if you're
wondering I did read up on it apparently
babies only blink at the rate of two
times per minute I don't really know why
exactly but they don't really need to
blink as much as we do he does not blink
ever it has been such a long day that
it's 9 o'clock at night and we're having
pancakes we just did not feel like
cooking and making dinner and I'm
exhausted
so pancakes it is for dinner which isn't
that bad hon dude
you always have breakfast and lunch and
dinner all the time same meal every
single time doesn't like get like boring
I don't think so I think he loves it
that's his favorite thing ever huh how
did you get such perfect lips
oh it's so cute oh yeah those his little
his little milk dot hey guys so I just
got home oh that was a long drive from
San Diego but I had a really really
awesome night I'm just hanging out with
my mom and catching up with her cuz you
know it's been a while since I saw her
so that was really nice that I got to be
able to do that but it was kind of
chemists my boy they missed my little
oliver missy is downstairs watching big
brother with oliver right now so i'm
gonna give him some serious cuddles
tonight my aunt actually just came from
visiting my other aunt who's like super
good at quilting and they made this
pillow for us well not for us for baby
oliver so my aunt uncle are super into
cars so she had to make Oliver's first
car so that was so cool and then she
also put his birth date on it 7:27 so
that was just really cool I really love
this and I love that she actually like
made it because she's not a she's not
like a so work will terr but my other
aunt sort of just helped her out and
they put together this awesome pillow
just visiting with my mom a lot I
couldn't really blog a lot so I hope you
guys had an awesome time hanging out
with Missy and baby Ollie
I really can't wait to go over her
footage when I edit it's just so cool
because like if I'm gone or I'm doing
something I can I can just like watch
her clips that she records and then it's
like I'm here it's it's really kind of
cool it's like a total blessing I hope
you guys had a mazing day I hope you
enjoyed the vlog and as always we will
see you tomorrow I have one more day of
work and then it's finally the weekend
and we have so much to do we're really
excited because we're premiering baby I
like song on Friday so get excited for
that tell me in the comments how excited
you guys are to hear his song miracle in
the making and we will see you guys
tomorrow
fun
hey Graham mom
what are you doing we're here to pick
you up Oh what did I do
no he knows I'm here oh you like my son
hi are you I'm right here
yeah that's messy it
