I believe me how are you so cute
he's so cute and what who is you River
boy this is the boy baby boy
hi
Misun baby
you have rolled
is going to do amazing things don't
worry guys I have a meeting I have to go
to this morning and I have to leave this
do you see this do you know how hard
that is to leave like okay he's so comfy
love you another beautiful day here in
sunny Southern California I like I said
I'm off to a meeting and then I just
have to work later on in the day but
still kind of is just sucks you know
when you got a newborn is that's leaving
the house but that's what I got to do I
got to make the bacon you guys make the
bacon bring home the milk I don't know
is there I feel like there was a lot of
metaphors for making money hey guys so
today I am just getting stuff ready I
got to do some laundry unfortunately
right now we are just we don't have
enough diapers to go more than one day
so we're basically doing a cloth diaper
load every single day so that we can
keep up with the cloth diapers I am so
far we had to use any more disposable
since that first couple of days um but
it's kind of a lot of laundry right now
since we just like we don't want to go
out and buy new newborn diapers when
he's probably gonna be out of them
pretty soon here and we'll probably want
to be stocking up on more like one size
diapers because that's what he's gonna
be using for the majority of his time so
trying to just get through these next
couple weeks by just the few that we
have but getting exhausting wanted every
single day is a is a lot you doing okay
I really love this rock and play I am
the rock and play thing just drives you
crazy um but I love it it's so easy I
just literally can drag it from room to
room it's super light and I can just be
like let's go oops and I get your tail
car I really love this thing it's super
awesome so far I haven't had any issues
with it and he loves it too
been a crazy week though and we finally
kind of got caught up on missing
last night we filmed a bunch of videos
it's actually gonna have a new video
coming out on her channel every day this
week which is really cool and then
hopefully on Friday we'll be premiering
Oliver's new song and some of you guys
don't know but actually Oliver has his
own song it was written and produced
just for him and we've been listening to
it forever I knew we were going to share
with you guys sometime after he was born
it's like this really awesome powerful
song we actually have a piece of it in
our intro for these daily videos I
decided to throw in there and just
choose you guys with but the full song
is coming and it will be on Missy's
channel so I know maybe you guys some of
you are new to this channel but actually
Missy my wife has her own channel called
the bumps along the way which is where
we get the title daily bumps so you guys
definitely go subscribe to that so you
can be sure not to miss his special song
premiere on Friday it's gonna be really
cool I'm just fine it's like that time
has finally come you know when when they
when they wrote the song for us and they
gave it to us I was like oh my gosh like
it felt like forever away sharing it and
now it's like it's here you know just
like it was when she was pregnant it was
like it feels like he's not gonna be
here for forever and then all of a
sudden he was here Oliver is waking up
he always does this thing or he does all
his stretches you getting up
oh it's so good he's been doing this for
like five minutes he's kind of like
Brian we're like Brian can never wake up
and he's kind of like ensuring trying to
get up I want to get up yeah so cute I
know he's getting hungry so I know he's
trying to wake up so we can eat home
dude Karma's doing so much better with
him he's in he's always been good but he
started to get more like relaxed around
him and he wants to like be around us
more so that's making me happy
Hong karma you're you're starting to
ease up to the baby huh yeah he's still
trying you look ready do you think
you're ready to eat all right let's eat
I am looking on Spotify for lullaby
tributes and I found him for Adele they
did her whole album with lullaby
tributes that is so funny oh my gosh
where's my boy at where's my boy at oh
you guys don't want to see this
Missy's changing him anybody uh-oh he's
a little spit up on him is this on P dot
again oh it gets it out oh boy what do
you do like that's what you get when you
take too long to change my diaper huh
that happened actually yesterday too
yeah actually if you don't need last
night to it is oh my gosh when does that
stop you guys when does that stop that
needs to stop
I mean it's pretty cute but still hey
look at it be so proud of him so he's
like yeah pissed on you and what up
there you go boy he's got his black
diaper on he's feeling like a rebel
today I want him to be like um Tommy and
his dog from Rugrats yeah high drama
high high boy any boy gonna give him a
kiss he hates when I tell him yet
I'm not giving a kid's okay guys jeez I
have to go again baby boy I'm sorry
you're gonna be okay with your mom you'd
be okay is she nice to you she nice did
she treat you pretty good she give you
the boob when you want it he literally
opened his eyes and he was like boob not
kidding
oh I can treat you to kiss you mmm all
right I know about you but I'm feeling
23 everything will be alright if you
keep me next
I don't know the words play the song
mirrors by Justin Timberlake
how did not get up in Canberra was
coming up
play the song years by Justin Timberlake
knock near appears hey
play the song mirrors by Justin
Timberlake mia runners Justin Timberlake
he does not have a song called mia
runners this just goes to show if you
want something done you gotta do it
yourself
sorry Siri no need to apologize and full
did did you have a good brunch he is
passed out
we were burping but he just seemed to
pass out in the middle let's burp hey
you okay dude it was a boy he is he is
hmm
thank you so we just had a diaper change
and he's in a brand new outfit but mommy
just got a whole new experience I had a
nice poop explosion right literally
gortat right on to me it was terrifying
it was pretty hilarious so I couldn't
help but laugh and so he yeah that was
the first mean he's peed a few times on
me now now but now poop I mean literally
poop squirted onto my shirt it was
really really bad we got them all
cleaned up and we're going to take a
long nap huh we're gonna take a nap time
pinch me I'm cute
here I'll pinch them for you guys pinch
pinch pinch pinch pinch pinch pinch
pinch
Hey
alright I'm chillin with my little man
huh
little buddy yeah he's getting hungry
though and I'm always like no you're not
getting hungry you stay with me cuz when
he's hungry those two my my you get him
all day and I had to go to work and I
just missed you
You Know Who I am right does he know who
I am you really think he does
you know I'm your daddy but Ollie hey
Oliver yeah look at him he is pissed
he's about to turn green okay he's about
to turn green he's got green shooting
out huh I heard that you went poopoo all
over mommy huh okay exact my revenge she
ripped me from our body in Ollie are no
cuddling downstairs and I have gone back
to my previous addiction candy crush
okay I haven't played in a long time and
when I do like it's usually when I'm
nursing but I'm so tired then like
sitting there like like I can't
concentrate it all but I decided to sit
down and play it and now I might just
have done something really bad okay only
bored when I'm nursing and I get really
tired when I'm nurse so pretty hard to
do you have like two chickens in the
oven see it Oh yummy smell Oh whoa my
camera just freaked out sorry hang on
hang on guys hang on I put the lens in
there and it got all like okay it's good
can you see me is it focus is it good is
it normal okay I break it okay I think
we're good get him sleeping on his side
he's like a little human you guys you
know we should do we should do some baby
vision I know why are you so cute he's
so cute anyone who is your River boy
this is a look like hi hi to know who I
am I'm your daddy
I know this your mommy kisses
that's what this guy has to put up with
and day out
then what he's exhausted oh good job you
angered it I like about the turn green
always makes it pleased eyes he does
it's like though any kringles is like
before a head easily I was just looking
through some old instagrams that I have
done and I want to show you something
that I did like two weeks ago
okay it's crazy oh yeah I remember that
fortune yeah yeah I got a fortune and I
instagrammed it and it says you will
soon witness a miracle and then crazy I
mean no matter what he would be a
miracle but still like it was just
that's really cool fortune cookies come
choose sometimes they do I know if so I
got a lot of money cons I'm super
excited right now because he pretty much
just ate like the most he's ever ate
before I think we went on like a good 20
minutes which is crazy like super crazy
I'll go for 20 minutes we actually been
wanting to do this for like a really
long time and now that he seems to be
totally knocked out after a nice good
meal we're gonna try and do it I'm
nervous I use it's gonna be really hard
he looks so peaceful right now and we
just we have to lay them on the floor
Stephen get his foot pretty handprint so
I just can't get over this little this
little smurfy got oh my gosh why don't
they do this in the hospital for us
weird that our hospital didn't do this
it's funny is we have them in a hospital
swaddle - yeah oops wait that come from
I know boy I know Doki has done it so
awake huh oh it's a little high that's
okay push push oh my god carrots but
Brennan oh we got it
I know so you definitely didn't Center
it but that's awesome
we did it we got his little feetsies and
his own hands on there look at you guys
look so good and we trick
just used our own paper and then taped
it we don't got to do what other people
tell us to do I love put these as all
hands ease I love it so good on this
little shelf rut ler and the fake ones
what do we do with these that's not my
child
so yeah whose child is this they just it
doesn't even look that good
and um they have pretty monstrous feet
it were a newborn if that was a good one
right um they're like um how old he was
like he's nine we cultivate no wait no
nine days old nine days old no I don't
want him to grow up you guys so cute
little I don't want him to grow up you
guys I don't want him to be a toddler I
don't want to be a child I don't want to
be a preteen or a teenager or an adult
or anything I just wanted to stay like
this but I don't know I kind of do one
of them excited to see but we just need
to remember I know I just love him small
thumbs up if you guys like him a little
and tightening you wanted your own
children to never grow up because
they're so perfect like this he's
perfect like this just stay like this
please tomorrow's gonna be a big day cuz
my mom's gonna be here it's his other
grandma and we're gonna call her gram
after my grandma who passed away last
not last year oh my god it's been like
way longer than a year I think it's been
almost two years yeah it's been almost
two years oh I hate when that happens
yeah so we're gonna call my mom gram
after my grandma um cuz she was a big
part of our lives little Oliver gets to
meet his gram tomorrow and she's gonna
spoil him and love him and I'm so
excited because I haven't seen in a long
time
she lives in Idaho so she should be here
by the time this is up so you guys
should all leave in the comments and say
hello to my mom her name is Nancy and
she is a quite a character you guys will
actually love her so really excited for
you guys to see her and for Oliver to
see her actually so that should be
really awesome don't miss tomorrow thank
you guys so much for watching and
subscribing and commenting and liking
and everything you guys do is amazing
bumpers anyway I hope you guys had a
great night and you enjoyed the vlog and
we wish you tomorrow and I don't know
really going sideways below him lately I
feel like I'm getting like more
emotional like it starts like studying
in more and more like but I hope baby
and just like I'm starting to get like
that oh my goodness feeling and I just
want to like memorize every little thing
about him like these little tiny
fingernails he's already a week he's
been a week you guys I've been a dad for
a whole week and that's just I
