and I was like I was like putting it
away I was like and then it started
doing it I was like one day he's
actually gonna play with this and he's
gonna be laughing and then I looked over
him and I imagined him as like 2 years
old he's like laughing and playing with
it I was like oh my god baby boy hi
he's our son baby
it's gonna do amazing things good
morning so me and Oliver are just kind
of cuddling together this morning and I
just can't stop staring at him lately I
feel like I'm getting like more
emotional like it starts like setting in
more and more like but I hope baby and
it's just like I'm starting to get like
that oh my goodness feeling and I just
wanna like memorize every little thing
about him like these little tiny
fingernails
he's already a week keep my weight for a
week you guys I've been a dad for a
whole week and that's just it's so weird
it's so weird cause like a week ago if
you would have told me um hey you guys
are gonna be having a kid like that day
I would have been like Shh no we're not
you cry you cry but yeah it actually
happened and he's here and I am now a
dad and I gotta say I feel great about
it
I feel confident and how Missy and I are
parenting so far I just feel so great
like we have like we've waited so long
for like our little family to be here
and now that it's here it's just like
it's such a surreal moment like I
literally feel like I'm living in a
dream every single day and I get to wake
up to my beautiful wife and my beautiful
little boy and it's just so crazy you
guys there's nothing like this feeling
out there at all it's insane
I guess so I'm still in love with him
and just starting to get a little
emotional over this little guy like
every time I think about last week it's
just like it happened way too fast and
it was crazy he's he seemed as happy I
think he's happy to be here huh um but
enough with the GUI GUI GUI GUI what's
he talking about it's all cheesy stuff
I'm out running errands I and just like
this is my this is what I do now I wake
up and I'm running errands Missy needs a
new nursing bra we need some bleach I
picked up a ton of packages and letters
from the peel box which is so cool like
we're so excited to open all those baby
always got a lot of stuff in here we
even got something from mayor
the dog mayor of Idlewild who may see
absolutely adores the former mayor max
actually passed away a few months ago
and we went to his memorial you guys
remember that blog but now they have a
new mayor Maxim he's like this little
fluffy puppy and just like so adorable
and so I think we're gonna to plan an ad
a wild trip soon with Oliver because he
would absolutely love that and that
would be so much fun I had to keep the
blood close one would be big and um so I
know where we set our box spring is he
gonna get it does it baby cousin what a
big cat they're gonna be best friend
come here she can like climb up the bed
now come up here come up here you wanna
climb on this side look at it look at
princess Bailey go good job Bailey good
job high five the sea high five
oh there you go the other day a
subscriber sent her some goodies
princess Bailey we got some goodies for
you look at that look at you Bailey oh
she's like Oh No thank you
oh it's so pretty
you're so pretty you're so pretty
she's not digging it
okay so we're opening up some packages
and Missy is not letting you see this
one definitely for you okay it's for me
it's actually for me oh yeah wait what
no way yeah that's so cool it's the lens
Cup that is so cool I've been wanting
this so bad
from Katyn boys - Babs and Finn oh my
gosh Thank You Kate
that is so cool oh gosh I'm gonna be so
badass babe that is so cool
any other dreary so look at this you got
karma no it's not for eating
Naomi and Scotland sent us this little
figurine of karma and he's even wearing
a bow tie
that's so cool karma that's you boy they
made it and it feels like it's like
fired like it's nice and hard to so
that's so cool thank you Naomi
so christina is here now and Ollie has a
little video shoot ahead of him because
if you guys didn't know we won most
deserving parent which Christina put on
courtesy of mere sake media and it was
just so cool like such a blessing that's
why we had Cristal do Missy's maternity
pictures and now Oliver is gonna get a
really cool video announcement so she's
getting all her gear ready and he's
gonna be in front of the lens he's ready
for his close-up again leave the hair
yeah
full head of hair crazy right I don't
think I expected that we expected bald
baby all he's getting his close-up right
now you guys a miss baby hey play with
his hand a little bit I don't know if we
told you guys but baby all he's gonna be
in a feature film right Jennifer Aniston
is gonna play his mom Tom Cruise is
gonna play his dad and he's gonna be
like a super genius baby so we're doing
test shots today for that does kidding
he's a famous baby already Oh Ben Ali's
turn yeah look at his little face Jesus
he's got one of the cuter diet diapers
that we have actually by the lovers
little cloth I don't know I just love
that one so much it's just like made
perfectly for him like I said his butt
fits just a day me thank you faces he
makes when he's like nestled under her
chin hey this is good he's got a clean
diaper yep this is why I seriously love
this color so cute are you looking at
them say hi hey everybody
doing his own shots now you ready for
this baby Olli oh look at them win it up
for you it's okay it's okay for him I
did good buddy
awesome fast I just owe skiers like dude
people do you just say that to everyone
no he was like perfect angel ah left he
did like cute things like yawning he
sneezed yeah knees what you did get a
sneeze shot I think so yeah thank you so
much she did so good you guys I'm gonna
leave a link for her Facebook page so
you can go check it out like her page
tell her we sent you and when the video
is done she'll actually post it there
too so we get a little baby announcement
for baby Oliver misty is showing all of
her old YouTube videos that we made for
him he's not very impressed huh it's
been watching her how many weeks were
you when we did the dip that gender
reveal its he probably not crazy babe
yeah it's done watching her now yeah
like he's in there you know yeah oh my
gosh
I've got baby Olly outside getting some
vitamin D but I don't know is it vitamin
D if you're not really in the Sun uh no
that's vitamin s-shape I'm trying to
really relax today cuz I'm basically
just kind of hurting like I was
yesterday and I don't know
you know I c-sections are hard sucks cuz
I just just want to like do stuff but at
the same time I really just wanna I
really should just be cuddling with my
little bug right now
Brian's drinking out of his little mug
out of my lens I think it is really cool
it was really weird cuz I had to like
wash it first and I had like anxiety
like putting it under running water I
was like it's not a real lens right it's
not a real light and then I just like
I'm constantly fooled by it I'm like I
know I cannot ride a it's really not
right it's a really very very good
replica and it's like heavy to like a
lens yeah karma would really like us to
go out there and play with him I'll play
with them okay you want me to throw this
for you okay
hi Graham oh boy you've been so good you
ready okay oh you missed it he's a
little rusty put it in my hand
good boy good boy oh good boy come here
drop it drop it drop it drop it drop it
karma rob a bright little corner Bert
good boy he loves this frisbee you guys
this is like come here it's like a sonic
discs and it's soft
skrelp yes a squirrel to get him to drop
it
it's a sonic this so it's soft and it
doesn't get like super nasty like tore
up oh my gosh you guys look at this he's
like totally just chilling here
he's like chillin out maxin relaxin all
cool look at this little stud you guys
you see this he's really laying it on he
could be like an ad recovery and Fitch
model or something
oh come okay
you really need someone to play with
maybe when Ali's big enough they'll be
best friends and Holly will throw the
frisbee for having the ball and stuff
huh I just can't get over this this is
just too much little feetsies little
hand little noses the lips little ears I
just love everything about this kid you
guys jeez we have been doing a lot of
filming today and we're actually getting
ready to film the nursery tour which I
know tons of people have been looking
forward to but I was actually just
looking at all these little toys he has
he actually has already um like a what
they called a laptop to my laptop a toy
camera all kinds of stuff and I just I
was like looking at it and it started
like playing something for me and I
Carol shut two guys is Tiger yup and at
first like when we first got toys I was
like what is here we're gonna play with
this and now that I'm looking at it like
what - one day he's gonna play with that
it's a toy and I was like I was like
putting it away I was like and then it
started doing it I was like one day he's
actually gonna play with this and he's
gonna be laughing and then I like I
looked over him and I imagined him as
like two years old and he's like
laughing and playing with it I was like
oh my god huh I'm a boy mm-my he's got
fresh diaper on he's all clean and
waiting for blood huh looking around
he's been looking around so much lately
alright look at these evil eyes he's
given me what what mmm you're an
exciting day every day is an exciting
day little baby I look he looks like an
Eskimo baby he's all like hidden in the
fluff hidden with enough laughs yeah you
go to bed I know I'm wide awake this boy
he is wide awake why are you wide awake
you need to be ready for bed is that the
feed I'm gonna pass it out you need to
sleep tonight milk get some boob time so
you can go to sleep just what I know
what
all your eyes are are they gonna be what
color do you guys think his eyes are
gonna be because when we look at them
they're definitely like a dark blue but
sometimes we see like a little hazel or
sometimes we see a little green and my
eyes are really green and Missy's eyes
are very blue and my mom's eyes are very
green but everyone else in my house is
very blue yeah blue is very dominant in
my family we have no idea what color his
eyes are gonna be Debbie Debbie crazy I
think turned out to be green I know if
he's so many more I love green eyes be
my little green-eyed boy huh hey what
color eyes do you think all he's gonna
have after they turn blue of course
leave a boil in the comments so you can
note do it don't say goodnight you're
gonna say anything say mommy anyway I
hope you guys had a good day ahh wheeze
marry you smiling you can't let him go
yet oh look at that smile he gave you
guys that deserves a thumbs up
so yeah yeah we are still just like in
bliss baby bless right yeah maybe
another him so much we could literally
film him all night we have to go to bed
so I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog and
as always we will see a tomorrow
who's your bye boy coolest shirt ever
and I'm King I seriously love this and
look at this little smiling he has on
his face he's so happy you guys this is
seriously the coolest feeling babe I'm
kind of glad that your back is fitting
so I can carry him and coralline is up
on her mommy right now - huh this you
feel comfy it's like what is going on
look at these crazy mama Roo infant
things look at these
