I really wanted to chuck the shake and
so I put Missy to work and she got me
all this milk and now I'm gonna make a
chocolate shake out of it so this should
be pretty nummy baby boy hi
he's on baby
you are old
do amazing things
good morning we have traded in a baby
for a new baby Bailey's here hi Bailey
look how big she's gotten guys they
don't know a lot of you guys remember
but we used to babysit Bailey and she
was like a baby now she's like a little
girl she's like okay I'm gonna go see my
mama no
Jessica's over visiting the baby and
babies getting her when your picture is
done you're like a year and a couple
months like four months right good job
holding onto the rail Brian doesn't do
that oh look at her pretty toes too
let me see your toes look at your pretty
pretty toes my name's gonna make your
hair all pretty yeah you want you want
those in your hair should we put those
in your hair yeah combing so pretty okay
all right so we are just shooting some
pictures of Bailey just right in our
backyard cuz it's nice and green and
there's a lot of cool plants and stuff
around smile please smile we go cute
hair look stay stay sit stay I'm just
kidding all right I need you to get her
okay Bailey oh good we'll get back up a
little bit little bit
baby I'm good I'm good all of our loves
is mobile
you give me a smile buddy oh but why I
put on your favorite song it's okay calm
down it's okay we got him in this little
portable bassinet thing and some living
room it's really really nice but if this
thing shuts off then he gets all cranky
boom I do it Brian is multitasking whoa
he's got it spit up yeah I mean he's
cute and all but they just release a new
asphalt so hi baby
all he's gonna hang out with daddy while
he plays game get him started young
started young
I'll show you guys check out my new
kicks I got some toms at Nordstrom's
yesterday I never knew that
Nordstrom's sold toms what they do and
that's really sweet so I picked myself
up a pair of Tom's every single pair of
toms that I've owned has been torn up by
Karma
I've had maybe like six pairs he
literally will eat every single pair so
hoping that these ones will last and
these are even the special edition that
had the little mustache on them hey oh
hey zombie long time no jack I know I
know I've just been you know busy busy
my ass i watch your vlog you guys are
boring boring I see I think we're pretty
cool for a young family who just had a
newborn okay we try and shake it up
every now and then well what are you
doing now I'm actually headed to go get
some food for
Missy and I and run some errands going
to get food huh you got to give me any
brains no no I'm I'm not gonna be
getting any brains
well how's baby Holly Springs developing
other nights and juicy hey what have I
told you about that you stay away from
his brains they don't belong you they
don't belong to you burn watch pay
attention to the road is that talking to
me you idiot
hanging out with my little dude oh and
my other little dude hi little dude
another little dude and look at his
shirt I always loved when he when he
wears this I love my big brother karma
oh yeah you love him you love it you
love your little brother Olly come in
Sunni five too many devices you stepped
on the iPad that's not good we actually
have a lot of packages that are P o box
and they called us and they were like
you got to come get your package because
we're about to be charged if we keep
them there for too long and we are
building without because you guys just
awesome and you love to send us stuff in
here so cool oh this is my jam
I know go nas in the sky
and yes
I don't really know other words but this
is I think it's gold by Owl City or
yesterday at church actually they played
roar by Katy Perry and I posted on my
Instagram and it started a little
controversy you can go read it if you
guys want but I love secular music that
is positive you know and I feel like
songs like that Miley Cyrus is putting
out and stuff like that they just don't
really have any real meaning to them but
when you're like enriching someone's
life and bringing positivity to them
through through music that's playing on
the radio I think that's awesome and I
think those are the people that are
doing it right oh I know you're gold
you're gold you guys stay golden you
have changed locations we decided to sit
out here with my mom well she does stuff
and B while we wait for Brian to bring
lunch and I thought I would also let you
guys know a few months ago
I know a lot of our subscribers we have
a lot of news of Tyra so they may not
know this but my mom had this really
really bad back I know wasn't terrible
like she was basically bedridden she
couldn't get up she was having basically
sciatica and like all kinds of issues he
wants to see me she was like basically
bedridden it was like really really
scary and terrible especially because we
were pregnant and such high risks and of
course she wanted to be there for the
birth and it was like there was like
this chance that she was not going to be
able to and that she was going to have
um like back surgery and was just like
so scary and so stressful tons of you
guys have been like praying for her and
like asking her about her basically she
is doing awesome I don't even see
surgery at least not right now she
hasn't had any big flare-ups and a long
time sometimes she has bad days where
she might need to take it more easy than
others but for the most part like it was
like a miracle she just like literally
turned around and obviously she was at
the birth there was no surgery necessary
and we're just crossing our fingers and
hoping for no more surgery so honestly I
think you guys were
the reason like you guys prayed for her
and you guys just like seriously made a
miracle happen and we were like so
thankful so she's doing good okay that's
you guys parrot
we just opened some packages from some
viewers and look at this little bit we
got stuck did this weird wrong Carm
what's wrong karma what's on your foot
what's on your foot oh oh he's freaked
Oliver got spoiled again I'm going to
show you guys all the presents we got we
got totally spoiled with present first
we got a package from amber and she has
the super cute monkey it's basically a
car with a sign that it shows and says
caution baby inside and then all these
items this is really cool for Brian it's
like a little glass thing that says bTW
which is totally him and you guys got to
see this car that she got us it says
holy guacamole you made one adorable
little baby burrito how did she do that
like did she like seriously make this or
does this was this an option because
it's perfect and then we got this COO um
onesie that says O's for Oliver but I
actually don't know who it's from and
didn't say a name so thank you to
whoever got us this it's so cute and
then we got this really awesome huge
package from Ruth you basically made all
of these like she bought a shirt and
then she used like a bleach and water
mixture to create these shirts these
onesies that say hashtag baby all a
hashtag daily bumps
hashtag daily bumps karma got a bandana
it says hashtag big
daily bumps and a little sleeper and
that's a really cool toy for Oliver I
know it's like a little pirate I totally
play with this even Hey and she also got
a karma I guess but karma took off with
it so okay it's even a v-neck yep
there's a sick color I love this color
yeah he thinks it's pretty cool too okay
and then we got a package from Rachael
and she made these little blocks that
say Oliver and they're so cute you can
kind of like set them up however you
want them and really cool colors too
finally we got
from Carol and her family from England
says boring to be royal let's hook you
thank you guys all so much you guys are
so nice hey hi boy hey hi I wonder if
baby oli likes raspberries you know what
a raspberry is right yeah yeah yeah like
okay watch look at its face let me know
if he likes it hey hey hey hey it's kind
of upset right now cuz we just changed
his diaper so he's turning around wait
YouTube's favorite cousin is here
terilyn they share birthdays he was just
crying and now he's not crying you must
be the master of a special connection
terylene just jacked my phone did you
change the back to blame see you were
lazy if you're cool like me you could
have done that side too that's what I
usually do that's kind of cool though I
think that I will keep that this is what
I'm going to see every time I turn on my
phone now I'm just kidding that's
hideous I have to change it it's
supposed to be my baby you can do it you
can do it I bet you shake your pocket
which I to figure out what's working it
yeah Miranda sings style target shake
your buck we don't know how to just
shake the booty like I said this I shave
my whole head you really have to shake
your booty and we're really not capable
of that this just got really
inappropriate we're sorry Carla are you
playing again with all the toys like
spread everywhere you would think that
we had children playing in the backyard
oh look it's mr. cow Carmen what are you
doing he's doing his laps are you doing
your laps you just got this in the mail
today didn't you can you say thank you
oh say thank you says go you've nothing
nothing
yeah it has been muggy and like blood
outside all stinking day I mean we got
blue skies and everything but it's just
like I think it was supposed to storm
last night and it didn't and so it's
very muggy out oh hey karma boy I got a
new boss got a new boss got a new bump
bump up whoa
you want this one you want this one do
you want this one hey guy
oh I'm sorry only up it's such a wall I
won't bother you I'm sorry no matter
Isaac oh hey your tattoo starting to go
away are you still scratching at it I
have been trying to rub it off because
apparently black-headed yeah we weren't
really sure if it's actually black Hanna
or if it's Jaguar but it might be black
we don't know so I'm trying to get it
off a little faster so if you have any
tips leave in the comments below of how
to get that upload I was using salt
water and I was wrong sized mine
actually started fading today because I
didn't put anything on it in the shower
I think I'm definitely gonna miss it you
guys I think that we're definitely gonna
I want to get some real tattoos I think
it's simple and meaningful which is
important to me wait so I can't do like
a tribal band like around my arm no I
really wanted to chug the shake and so I
put Missy to work and she got me all
this milk and now I'm gonna make a
chocolate shake out of it so this should
be pretty nummy boom add some chocolate
ice cream and now we're gonna screw this
little thing on top
chocolate shake is done oh man this
looks so good pretty much used all of
this mmm stuff is so good and now I got
my gummy chocolate shake out of it karma
really wants them to he had some
yesterday chocolate shake mmm okay it's
not really breast milk but I totally
fooled you guys right you know I just
thought that'd be funny because in
yesterday's video I actually did try
Missy's breast milk but obviously I
would not make her pump a full bottle
full just like I have a child shake that
actually sounds kind of gut-wrenching
thumbs up if you guys thought that I was
actually making a chocolate shake with
breast milk I bet it'd be good though
babe get pumpin look at him he's hanging
on tight I'm holding you securely dude
you don't need to hang on that tight no
there's no nipple there that's my arm
hey little guy you are cross-eyed right
now he's still really gross I do you see
that you're so cute you know that you
know that you're so cute I
you know that though ha karma has a
weird obsession with cat doesn't hate
him doesn't love them he just wants to
scare them and make them climb into
plants I guess that what are you doing
karma leave the clear beer alone I swear
Claire's like you can't see me on the
plant you can Sydney he is out
shirt is not all the way down oh I'm
sorry
dad wake you up I don't want you to get
cold I want to show you guys some of the
pictures that we took this morning of
little bay leaks I'm going through and
I'm just like flagging a couple of my
favorites this one I totally got her
pushing her nose up against the glass he
or she's doing the Miley Cyrus tongue
thing that's popular right now but
adorable picture that one's really cute
I'm really happy with the way these came
out I mean there's no keys so cool I
love when I have a session like that and
then I can just throw them all on my
computer and it's super easy but other
than that I hope you guys all had a
fantastic Tuesday and as always we will
see you tomorrow I jumped on her other
Brad oh my god I don't I can't remember
the movie though no there is also
another movie I don't remember it but
where she was so folded she has to go to
the bathroom at 100 K this is going
really bad goes fast didn't try it oh ok
are you ready yeah are you just going to
do a step oh my gosh I'm so nervous I
want to try a sake
