get this look guy I knew something was
coming soon turning room baby boy hi
is awesome baby
you have world
is going to do amazing things
good morning guys this morning I am on
laundry duty we got dirty diapers in
here and we need to walk show so I think
I don't know we are cloth diapering so
we have a wet bag where we throw all his
diapers in and then we just cost this
into the wash and dry it and you're good
to go we only have a couple newborn ones
left we have a ton of won sizes but the
newborn extra small is just for them so
much better so when I keep these ones
washed we can use these as much as
possible hey good morning pumpers how
you doing today Oliver he's got a couple
little rashes on him
you gotta get those fixed humbly mmm
yeah he's a CP boy today I was laying
him on his side I was on his belly over
here and he actually turned over I don't
know if you guys can tell there's like a
slight dip right over here so if that
probably was helpful but I'm like oh my
gosh you cannot roll over that soon like
you need to be a baby be a baby for as
long as you can really cheeks
I'll just pitch him pinch him for you
guys you know everyone wants to pinches
chubby cheeks okay so that was a little
gnarly I had to pull out all the inserts
out of the actual cloth diapers because
we just totally faced doing it and we
were just throwing him in the wet bag
but you actually to take out the insert
also but that's okay no one said that
this wasn't hands-on so I pulled out the
insert throw in there and I get all
these nappies washed and ready for more
pool Holly can't smile you got the kid
he's having some funny dreams apparently
it's probably of his daddy you cheered
about daddy or milk probably just milk I
was just looking at Missy's bum blog
that she does for her bum dates
and 37 weeks is actually the last week
she ran on a paper and she ended with 37
and so she's like oh that'll be fine and
what do we know her honey is that on the
day who's born out on my to do this was
to print the that last date weeks oh
really
great the other way and then you came we
didn't mean to anymore
huh Missy had this little inkling she
just kind of knew she knew that you were
gonna be here guess was that you would
be born on uh-huh and it was 37 and five
days oh so that was that would been on
Tuesday
wait so who was closer as I said 36 and
five and you said 37 and five and he was
37 and 801 yeah we were both like right
of it all oh that's so funny though when
my bump of that I am out of the house
Joey sucks I hate leaving the house it
really does suck but I'm headed down to
the little gas station because Missy
loves their hot chocolate and so she's
cooking breakfast and I'm gonna get her
some help
chocolate and we had a bit of a crazy
hectic night last night so we never got
a chance to actually make the sailor hat
out of the newspaper print that we were
like looked so long for so instead of
sewing it with the nice fabric I'm just
gonna pick up a newspaper and then put
my origami skills to to work see if we
can make a sail hat I am
King some breakfast today I'm actually
going to make some french toast and it's
kind of crazy because um since I've been
home and obviously not pregnant my
appetite has literally picked up so much
like I just want to eat everything and
anything and it's crazy because I just I
definitely lost an appetite while
pregnant and now I just I'm so hungry
all the time could be from you know
breastfeeding maybe just needing more
calories and stuff like that but this
little guys hanging out with me while we
cook he's so cute he's just sleeping so
funny I'm trying to figure out why it's
called a rock and play I don't really
understand where when they're gonna
start playing in this like I think it
should be called a rock and sleep
because they'll always sleep in it
because there's like this little toy and
I don't see how that's really playing
Karma what do you think of the baby
he just kind of keeps his distance and
he he's like I don't know I don't know
yet guys he's gonna cute he's kind of
cute we're just you know letting him be
around him but not a lot of contact I
just got to be careful cuz his big dogs
are just big dogs and you got to be
careful
no matter how much you trust your dogs
just still a baby
oh yeah that's a mommy bag just
instagrammed a picture of me and Ollie
making breakfast it uh you don't know I
do I do try and have a lot of pictures
of Oliver so if you guys want to see
more of him throughout the day you can
definitely follow me on Instagram I try
I try to that I know I get I have like
followers on Twitter but I don't really
do a lot of tweets and so I kind of feel
bad because I kind of neglect my Twitter
but I try and keep really good
up-to-date on my Instagram so check that
out we are getting ready for the photo
shoot today which I'm really excited
about but I'm also kind of stressing
because me and Brian are probably both
gonna be in it but I didn't really
prepare for me to be in it so I don't
really have like anything the we're
getting Oliver all set up look at my
gosh this is too much you guys and if
you guys don't know this is crystal she
did Missy's maternity pictures which is
actually my desktop to get roster
you got a baby noise app going to we're
much more comfortable
Oh again his lips that's so cool
isn't he the greatest thank you I ended
up making a little sailor hat out of
newspaper and it actually worked pretty
good and so it'll be nice and authentic
so we're gonna see if we can get a cute
one of him in a sailor hat since he's so
knocked out right now turning it over
into a position so that he can do an
Akey picture and we're gonna use the hat
in this one a mess without maker no I
like totally open
maybe my baby's cute there's a baby in
there too she's 18 weeks 18 weeks are
you fond of your own boy yeah I want to
with you just the way that you look at
that cute little face he's making -
almost got into position
okay okay so crystal you want to explain
a little bit about what we just did
there yeah okay so this pose is a really
classic newborn pose but it's really
dangerous if you just try and have the
baby hold its own head up it's not
strong enough so what we do is something
called a composite so we took one
picture of ollie like this with Brian
and Missy holding his head up with his
arms and then we took another picture of
his hands with nobody touching with
Brian holding up his head and then what
I'll do is merge the two together in
Photoshop and make one photo so it's
it's a safe way to do it and he gets to
look adorable on I love this fabric too
it's almost like he's on the ocean it
actually matches our car Nessie that's
our name for our car I'm gonna do a
quick family one now with all three of
us I get this look guy I knew something
was coming soon I'm turning right
it is cheek like pressed up against
yours like that me me me and only time
now do you guys see this hat he's
wearing oh my gosh what are you doing to
us that's what I'm taking him home Ali's
in the cast you guys and so cool he was
in your belly babe the craziest thing
ever you are nice and comfy in there but
you had to come out this little guy it's
so good and that is a wrap buddy that
was like a four hour session we owned it
remember if you guys want to see a sneak
peek of the photos today and see all of
them to go like crystals Facebook page
it's the first link in the description
go check it out and give her some love
cuz you did so good so exciting to show
you guys I love this
crystal is a master baby where so she's
showing me see how she does the two left
we actually just got this baby wrapping
the other day it's from Tula is that how
you pronounce it yeah Tula hey I'm in a
little - yes so just so if I wanted to
nurse him I could just you can actually
nurse him that that's really cool yeah I
haven't erse and a stretchy wrap before
but I'm sure there's some so the
photographer just left and this little
guy is happy again yeah he got something
to eat he did so good that was very very
surprising I'm very happy for hours in
healing he did like one little snack
that's pretty good and she told me as
she was leaving that she will have a
sneak peek up right away because she
can't wait to put him on her computer so
by the time you're watching this they're
probably there it's just so cool like I
know I think he's the thing I think
serious another day another fluff am i
right boy he had a pretty massive
explosion I'm getting used to it though
I think I'm getting really good at this
whole dirty diaper thing homeboy so we
are officially baby wearing a baby
wearing and he is super happy and comfy
and it's actually really nice I look at
myself in the stove um I really like it
actually it's really comfortable and
tomorrow we're actually going to a
little event and this might be exactly
what I'm doing
you look good to make it look good yes I
can't wait to baby wear what can I wear
I'm in your way of holiness
yeah he's quiet so he's probably really
comfy probably do a little dance for
them in it too baby we're dance
so I actually just put this cloth diaper
on which is super cute it actually fits
him pretty well
and it's actually really nice and I
think a subscriber actually made this
and send it to us and it's so cute oh no
this is love Earth's love cloth and it
is really really comfy and snug on there
so so far I really like it I like pretty
much all the stuff that I don't have
like a favorite yet or anything till
keen Mimi what's up okay so my mom
finally found a baby picture of me okay
like from birth I do I've never seen
this picture before in my life it's
actually very scary are you ready drunk
on do you want to see it okay
hey let me just get Missy's reaction
first he feeds it okay are you ready
yeah
hmm I don't know I thought well I guess
I mean there's no them I've never seen
this picture before in my life I don't
know what is wrong with my face yeah I
know I don't I don't see a lot of I see
the hair of always but I don't see a lot
of him in it do you let me see hmm so
weird the lips Mimi I can't believe that
the met the nose the note is totally
different
okay okay but even his forehead doesn't
look the same like I'm in the hair at
least we know where you got your baby oh
my god I though two ugly babies make a
really cute baby I've never seen that
they perform at and she said that I
actually weighed six pounds 15 ounces
all right yeah and I was 6 pounds 12
ounces right in the middle 6 pounds 14
ounces so my sister decided to put a new
outfit on Oliver I bet you can't guess
what it is my aunt it's good well it's
true he does have a pretty good auntie
just finished filming Missy's birth
story for little Oliver Oh crazy story
to tell I know hey buddy I got done on
the side crying oh really yeah
I know that you are emotionally affected
because your chest is all blotchy okay
so if you
I don't know my mom she has she does
this and I've never done this since
after I gave birth to him this is have
been happening to me actually that's
true you never really used to like that
you guys see her chest it's like all
blotchy that's the craziest thing is
yeah having like everything as soon as
he was born we got some chicken IV soup
for dinner tonight
I loved just ordering it and he actually
normally we get like a gallon but I went
with a half gallon because we don't need
that much soot it's just two of us
that's so good huh we offered some to
Oliver but he really he was I don't know
if he's gonna be a chicken ugly super
really thick he he only wants one thing
my milk
good morning I put you on Instagram I
think I think we pretty much are only
understanding that if either of us fall
asleep with him on us that a pictures
gonna be going on Instagram right yeah I
guess yeah how we are calling it a night
guys so I hope you enjoyed the vlog be
sure to go like crystals Facebook page
in the description she's got pictures
coming you probably saw we probably
already saw by now we're probably
already freaking out and it's just gonna
be a lot of fun and if you're new we do
this every day so click Subscribe and
watch us every single day not awesome
like we get to do the service you just
see this guy every single day hey buddy
Hey look at this Miley gave me all right
guys click like if you're excited to see
baby all these pictures and as always we
will see you tomorrow let's take a bite
boy oh he almost weights you guys he's
seriously almost waved to them
there you go he did it so this is our
house trawler it's a frame yeah it's the
frame and this little guy is scary pops
right into there did you go I think he
turned around you are absolutely right
your parents you know let me check
that's right click I'm gonna get it
