good morning guys look what we found
it's always umbilical cord it fell off
baby boy toys hi
results on baby
you have rolled
do amazing things
now you just have a normal belly button
boy seems really fast though it fell off
within six days babe
not even five days and it fell off
that's so weird he is an overachiever
you all right good morning little outfit
he's got a little monkey those feet look
so cute thanks so much this is why I
wake up in the morning boy it's for you
so feel look hi buddy how are you
did you get lots of sleep we don't have
any like I'm time for I was like I don't
know what to do like he's famous just
sucked and I woke up and ate and change
his diaper swaddled and back today how
did I do
did I wake up very good even much he my
Saturday yeah the other day I just I
guess she couldn't wake me up I felt so
bad because it's like she was like okay
Brian wake up and then I would go okay
and then I go back to sleep I just kind
of control it okay so hard he's like
okay I'm like okay but I just need you
to change and swollen yeah it'll be like
okay and you grab the Bakke they put it
on them right Anna this is just so
amazing you guys that we get to wake up
to this every single day how amazing is
that
all right we're gonna get ready he's got
his first pediatrician appointment today
you're going on your first outing home
buddy
oh I just love you so much mmm mmm
morning karma he's hanging out in front
of Cassie's room
hey karma fun my second way into Cassie
he's excited he's that come on I see
Cassie she's my best friend
hey boy you got his next cloth diaper on
which is at Charlie banana extra small
and we twisted the top a little just
make it fit a little more snug Li but
it's so cute and it's nice and green
it's like my favorite color green boy
it's like my favorite color green we're
gonna put him in his hashtag baby Olly
shirt see how long this lasts you're
gonna be impressive
you're gonna twinned on Twitter today
huh yeah stuff you're early but over
here
Cassie's getting him addicted to candy
crush you're never too young candy crush
right you want to play candy crush boy
start early good I'm looking around hi
buddy
she's so awakened they are officially
out and about when spending some errands
and luckily he is definitely a car baby
he their day at least he doesn't mind
being in the car so I know a lot of
babies sometimes they just don't like
being in the car see and he's totally
happy in content and of course he just
ate so that always showed up yeah I mean
he's always chili he's like seriously a
very very good baby look at least as of
now knock on wood for sure but I mean he
eats me he's just so good just he lets
us know when he's upset and we usually
to fix it so and as for me I'm feeling
really good today feeling like today's a
great day to kind of go around I might
even take him by my office and let my
boss see him it's getting some gas at
the gas station and I just happened upon
this cutest baby ever oh hey hey little
guy look at his car seat covers bed
Oliver Jane Oliver James that's so cool
a subscriber sent aside actually I was
so nice and we loved it nice and stop he
looks just so comfy in there huh I'm
getting gas so yeah there goes your high
school books you got to buy your high
school books on your home okay maybe we
have a Prius we may be able to pay for
college
nope nope there goes college that goes
college buddy and there's no yeah you
pretty much you're on your own I'm sorry
I feel kind of alone in the front seat
it's kind of a bummer that Messi has to
sit back here for right now we
definitely need to get one of those
mirrors so we can see him
it's hard being back here - I feel like
I'm still like far away from you I feel
like I'm my chauffeur turn left and I
still like tell you what to do yeah we
have a baby now so I can't let you
SmartWater anymore you get the cheap
water
you guys forget to use this drawer or
something in the stroller you guys right
here you ready
and so this is our not stroller it's a
frame yeah it's the frame and this
little guy woof it is okay pops right
into there does he go I think he turns
around you are absolutely right
hey parents you know oh my good let me
check that's really quick oh my goodness
we are headed into Hobby Lobby just to
get a couple things for his shoot on
Fridays so we are currently looking for
fabric we actually want to get like some
newspaper fabric and we're gonna do
something kind of cool
I'm gonna have to use my creative skills
I guess okay so we're doing like a
sailor hat that's with newspaper super
cute and back that's like somehow make
it or sew it up I'm not really sure
exactly how we're gonna do it but I'm
sure it's not too hard
I mean just for a couple YouTube videos
right but he's so cute look I'm just
mucking in there all right
he's just gonna sleep through his whole
first outing all right stroller view
this is what Oliver sees he is not
amused Hobby Lobby did not have what
we're looking for so I met in Joanne's
and I'm just like over whelmed this is
insane you guys I'm caught I just ran in
because we are short on time today we
don't want to miss his first
pediatrician appointment
I found it look it oh this is perfect
we're gonna make them a little sailor
hat out of this and it's be nice and
soft since it's not like real newspaper
oh my gosh is so cool
cuz hashtag maybe Ollie shared on
he's always so aware when new people
hold him he keeps his eyes open and
looks around and stuff my mommy
surprised he's not looking to eat we are
off now to kid and pediatrician
appointment is very first doctor's
appointment they should just be checking
his weight and you know really just
doing an evaluation it's a little baby
seat though my sentence of those
feetsies baby seat he's actually in a
whole new outfit now actually didn't
ruin his baby all you just had like a
little tiny miss but up I thought we
should be freshening to the doctor for
his very first doctor's visit so I'm
excited this but I'm excited to see how
much weight he's gained and all that you
know and we're actually going into the
same doctor that I went to when I was a
baby growing up like he's like my doctor
when I was a kid at least and now he's
gonna be taking care of all of her so
I'm wondering if you recognize me and of
course I haven't been to his doctor
have you even lived around here was like
a generational doctor for sure I know a
lot of my friends who have babies had
him and have their babies now with him
so and I'm really excited he has a lot
of the same kind of belief systems as I
do when it comes to that we are at his
doctors appointment look at this little
guy oh I can't stop better look at his
forever oh my goodness yeah that's
amazing because it's kind of baggy and
big on him but he looks like he's gonna
dress him home Wow look at these huge
fish they have here you guys hey guy
hello wow look at those teeth Missy do
you see this these are scary fish for
like a kid's first I know were here when
you were when you were here
that's scary why does it want a kid
pressing their face up against this what
kind of fish is this do you guys know
ten points whoever can tell us what a
Fisher says look at the fishy he's not
amused
oh he just got comfortable in this
position awesome now I have to stand up
and hold him like this for an hour
huh you needed his mommy we weighed him
on the scale and he gained he gave that
three and a half pounds came that three
else's oh three and a five smackdowns
he'd be a Virgo for a baby if he did
that huh and he was about the same
length maybe surely he was a little
shorter he really wants the boob right
now mm-hmm
access granted huh and we already filed
the office oops
okay we go through this first first
pediatrician visit yeah for Oliver
welcome Oliver checking out the heart he
said there was a slight murmur at birth
you hear it's all gone now Sean likes
the thumb mm-hmm
like this a little bit yeah okay let's
go check you out here buddy okay don't
miss draw look at you color looks good a
good muscle Tom just fell off this
morning his little little piece still
there okay is that what that little
green up not didn't all come on you can
poke and prod and just poke hard so they
point of it super good he's closer to
his birth weight he's six pounds eight a
half ounces his umbilical cord fell off
but there's still a little tiny bit in
his belly button so we're gonna wait a
little bit longer to give him a bath
so and as you can see my back is killing
me today I don't know maybe it's just
the bending over and stuff and so
Brian's rubbing my back you're rubbing
muscles which is what hurts really bad
so thank you
he loves s this cat like I swear he's
just super into him he wants to get
closer but it mean II won't let him
Nick a lot of you want to know why we're
calling my mom Mimi and that's just the
name we chose instead of Grandma we
wanted it to feel like Mimi kind of like
Nana I gave up now my feet have to get a
job so I just sat down after
breastfeeding him and look at this he's
like totally passed out no Jim I got his
mouth and I swear my gosh
can you be a cute I don't think you can
have a kid baby like wait Oh like this
is well Olivia this is Oliver always up
for us I'll hold them
hey Yuri feels like this is little
Peyton hey baby girl and that crazy
that's my son like sunken yes not he's
here
a little fat like he's not yours
ah let me see open it up cute it's got a
little sailboat on it oh and it's a
v-neck cool we have a couple of those
that's awesome did you pick that out
Olivia you're doing it his name's a lot
like your name good morning my love how
you doing we are on outfit number three
today
three outfits one day this guy changes
more than Lady gaga ha all right let's
get you out of this thing
hi oh I heard that
alright I got swatted you so I cannot
change you I know I know
life is hard huh I know oh they go I
like a little Indian baby
hmm burrito baby carne asada extra guac
this little devil just peed everywhere
didn't you big ol fountain you saw I
know I do where though I didn't know
what to clean like what like you can see
you I'm here a little bit
he's sterile right that's ok what do you
do you wash everything in this crib now
it's ok boy it's ok you're gonna get
this figured out ok oh my gosh ok guys I
wanted to remind you that tomorrow is
baby Ali's very first photo shoot
crystal the lady who did Macy's Marty
maternity pictures is actually coming
here which is totally awesome because
it's a long drive for her but misses
recovering so she thought she'd help us
out by doing that which is
amazing so thank you so much for doing
that crystal she will be here tomorrow
and she's gonna do some awesome pictures
of all of us and baby Olli and I cannot
wait and if you guys cannot wait go into
the description and go like her Facebook
page I'll have the link below and let
her know that you guys are excited to
see pictures of baby Olli he's gonna
actually post teasers they're probably
like the next day or within a day or two
after tomorrow and then she'll also post
a ton when they're actually all finished
so that's gonna be so exciting and I'm
so stoked she's so cool to work with so
nice and so fun so go show her some love
and let her know that we sent ya but
right now Oliver skinned his last meal
in last year well I guess no that's not
true I was gonna say he's eating dinner
but he doesn't know eat dinner he eats
like breakfast and then breakfast number
one breakfast number two lunch one two
three and then dinner one two three
so is this breakfast one since it's like
midnight dinner three okay anyway I hope
you guys liked the vlog as always we
will see you tomorrow oh if you're new
we do this every day
we vlog our entire day it's crazy I
don't know but you should subscribe and
become a bumper and let me know in the
comments if you knew bye rub-a-dub-dub
Oh baby here we go how's that
you got us Finding Nemo but it tell
you're all nice and clean buddy huh your
hair all brushed he's all clean you guys
I kissed you he liked that
