I could just eat you up but I'm not
going to because that'd be cannibalism
huh that would not be fun huh let me
just change me please going back to the
boob baby boy hi
is awesome baby
amazing things good morning everyone so
we just got up from our first night at
home which was really really nice it
went really well and I guess I'm still
just so excited that I'm just like a
mommy and get to take care of him and
wake up and we were up quite a bit last
night um but I got it how you um I
actually to help ease our mind we
purchased the snooze and I don't know if
you guys know what it is but basically
it's this little device that clips right
onto their diaper and it detects any
movement that they're breathing
basically and if they were to ever like
stop breathing for 15 seconds it buzzes
them and it kind of reminds them to move
and then I set five seconds after that
it'll actually ding at all of us wake us
all up including probably him and let us
know that he hasn't moved in 20 seconds
it's just like a nice I really knowing
that he's okay it's scary being a new
mom I actually want to show you guys I'm
using this belly bands that the hospital
gave me kind of show it to you basically
it's this band that kind of like pulls
right over on top of my belly and it's
really really comfortable because I kind
of just after a c-section it just feels
like your insides of like my cut and
when you walk around like it just feels
like they're like moving and this kind
of helps hold everything in place
we were really comfortable and really
nice and kind of letting me actually
move around and do things and stuff but
now he's got a little bit more of a
rough morning and um he's actually
sleeping right now with his daddy
trying to relax he's been fussy all
morning no bit
yeah he's doing better no no
like super warm come flare erupted to
permit mummies me gonna pick you up
oppositions yeah like if I put him on my
chest
he tries to like feed my it's not me we
done um and so he really likes being
flat and against my chest well I really
really hope I know and you love this
rocking chair like I put him in his last
night he was a little bit fussy like I
couldn't figure out with commas and I
just laid down put some music on and
just let sadness and he literally just
calmed right now I'm applying the
Montford little eye cuz it's nice for
him and I can recognize this yeah I see
me singing crazy yeah and of course you
know me I'm just organizing it do you
think no baby I saw a major surgery you
know I'm running around the nursery no
but I just want to like get everything
together finally have all his um kind of
like a little caddy so we can change him
if we need to go somewhere else and it's
got a few diapers I didn't realize I
didn't have very many diapers that would
work for his umbilical cord yeah and I'm
trying to like work with that I got
stuff so right now he's oh right now
he's actually a disposable huh yeah
we're using we have we only have like
three disposables from the hospital and
I like for cloth diapers karma what do
you think of baby Ollie karma boy what
do you think of the new baby Thomas kind
of sniffed him a couple times but that's
about it he seems very disinterested
right now but he definitely doesn't see
him as like a threat or like something
that doesn't belong when he cries he
kind of looks at him and like tilts his
head yeah I'm still being really careful
but I mean we have his scent
Oliver scent everywhere all over the
house so that's something that's super
important
kisum yeah he's melon come on the
kitchen baby Olly come here come here
Carmen just like he's like fine you have
a baby I was gonna go out and play ball
all the time go ahead good we are
hanging up little buddies cloth diapers
I didn't get to see him in this one he
obviously wasn't in it very long then
you got your booby patties okay
he's getting some Sun right now getting
some vitamin D soaking up that skin oh
my gosh babe look at this member when
you lay down on your side like that was
like two days before he came baby Holly
baby Holly was right there that's so
crazy it's just still crazy to think
that he was there in your belly like
just a couple days ago now he's right
here look at this little guy he's all
properly you don't even care you have a
care in the world huh my buddy oh that
spit up a little okay no biggie oh and I
goes again you're just coming out both
ends huh
he actually we just put on the last
disposable from the hospital and so I
have to run to the peel box because we
have ton of packages including some
diapers hey oh hey zombie a long time
not talk yeah I just wanted to see ya ah
well what what is it congratulations I
mean your baby is that he's pretty cute
I didn't think about any his brains
right away hey you stay away from his
brains I absolutely hate leaving the
house now with all of her home it's just
driving me crazy I don't know what I'm
gonna do when I have to leave for work
next week like that's gonna suck I'm
Cassie um burping because she just she
loves being an auntie but I just noticed
that hit I don't know if you I saw his
back yesterday it would have like a
ridiculous rash yeah it's almost I mean
you can still see a couple bumps but it
was almost like there's a lot more and
much more risen now there it's almost
gone so my coconut oil is definitely
working I'm loving that stuff I just
kind of put it on little scratches and
marks on and they pretty much disappear
right away and so exciting a little bit
of news it
is his umbilical cord is actually about
to fall off Brighton with red I didn't
think that it was gonna fall so soon but
it's very very close it's like hanging
on but you'd like threads basically
super CROs cutsies fit Oh are you wide
awake ah he just had a yummy meal made a
stop at the peel box and it was full
crazy pol look at this see it's like
overflowing you guys are just so
fantastic you know that like our bumpers
are the most amazing people ever you
guys are just so giving and thoughtful
and we just love and appreciate every
single one of you I did want to say that
if you guys are going to send us things
to our p.o box please please please in
the package try and leave your email
address so we can email you and thank
you because we can't always show or like
thank everyone on the vlog so if you do
send us something please put your email
address because we'd love to thank you
because this is just so generous like
you guys have no idea oh and we got our
diapers from honest and actually we were
school we ordered these to get them
before so we could use them in the
hospital but actually it came at a good
time because we weren't really weren't
prepared with cloth diapers that don't
have the umbilical cord flap so until
that falls off these are what we're
going to be using and hopefully it's
going to be enough of them actually I'm
gonna show you guys what they look like
we got the anchor one so they have like
little stripes and anchors on them and
it's just so cool oh my gosh you guys
look at this he's sucking his thumb this
is the cutest thing ever it's not
something I want to encourage myself I
know it's like oh that's really bad but
it just you know why oh my gosh he's
like clawing his face too yeah I had to
give the old chalkboard above the bed an
update ahoy it's a boy hey it is a boy
right did we check he's all boy and I
ran to the store and I got batteries
when I was there and so I'm gonna put
him in his little what is this bouncer
I'm gonna put him in the bouncer this
there we go
now hey buddy I noticed that's kind of
one of my nicknames for him now is buddy
it kind of just comes out naturally you
know hi Paul not you alright you want to
go in your bouncer you have a fun time
what do you think buddy you like it
it's vibrating got this really cool
vibrate feature and plays little music
for him and it's got a little Tweety
Bird
you called it a Twitter bird it's a
Twitter bird it is Tweety birds
different you know I think Tweety birds
are actually yellow Twitter birds are
blue you're just gonna love that that
some aren't you like wait what is this
what is this contraption I'm in pretty
like the vibration yeah do you guys is
he totally has the hiccups right now his
little body oh so well Brian was out he
actually brought me these little
containers for coconut oil and so I'm
gonna have one next to the bed to
actually put that on my nipples after
breastfeeding every single time like I'm
very like diligent about it and I
haven't had any issues so I would like
it next to the bed that's where I
breastfeed I'll probably also have one
next to here's inside brush B here and I
put it also on his bum after he um goes
to the bathroom so I'll put some there I
got I talked about earlier I'm loving
this coconut oil just feels so like good
and he I think it's really helping with
his skin and I definitely would suggest
anyone get the coconut oil boom we are
celebrating all of our tonight with
booth and lots of it look at this you
guys look at it look at it smell it
smell it how does it smell
oh good and we're getting ready for
Oliver's
very first bath it's so cool Harman
Missy's friends got her this amazing
bath and it like suspends him in it so
cuz he can't be completely submerged yet
so this be so cool of course this also
requires batteries for probably like
some foreign ones I feel like one see we
had one left that's awesome
I feel like my life as a dad is gonna be
like replacing batteries and putting
things together so we just got done
nursing on one
boob but you gotta see the sleepy baby
face those nips I love that burp rag I
know if someone actually just sent this
to is it's really nice it's really cool
his little guy these are his his honest
diapers we got today
they have anchors and stripes what do
you think buddy
do you like anchors I hope you like
anchors they're all over everything to
honor everything hmm I could just eat
you up but I'm not going to because
that'd be cannibalism home that would
not be fun huh let me just change me
please talking back to the boob
hold him will you guys I did that whole
diaper change and he did not scream or
cry or anything he was so good huh they
do it was how good was that on a scale
of 1 to 10 do I see his little umbilical
cord it's getting it's very very dry and
we pretty sure it's about to fall off
but I just don't know how long till they
usually fall off do you guys know if you
do leave a comment below cuz I'd like to
know because we actually just scheduled
his photo session on Friday for his
newborn portraits and I kind of wanted
on for them but then again I kind of
want it off so we start using our cloth
although we could probably just use the
cloth and put it over it right yeah
they're really big when you do that all
right
he fell asleep are you in one job I was
getting a little agitated so I defeat
him oh I'm so sweet pissing him off okay
hey hey hey very hey hey so I just got
done going through a ton of mail while
little Oliver eats his dinner over there
but this is actually one of the things
we got that the Maki sent us this is so
cool it's like a baby cook but it's so
cute because I definitely plan on doing
pureed baby feel like that's all I want
to feed him and this is just it has all
kinds of cool recipes in here so that's
awesome and if you have edges some
cherry right I love cherry rocks and we
do not have these in the United States
but I love them so much they're so good
so anytime anyone
in the UK or Australia something cherry
reps I'm all over at their bomb.com lots
of really amazing things you guys thank
you to everyone who sent us stuff like
every time we get stuff from you guys
it's just such a blessing Sam in
Australia such as these really cool bath
figurines which we're probably gonna use
tonight cuz he's gonna take his first
bath so these are really cool because
you know he's totally cute
totally cute baby Ali's first bath
sombody's you can't really pay them
because he's still got his umbilical
cord on so we kind of get the sponge
back huh we've hung up these little
toads because he's totally cute so we're
gonna use this baby ganic a foaming
shampoo and body wash is that way does
that a smell this one's pregnant free ok
we just got like a bunch of different
kinds we got fragrance because we don't
want our baby to smell like Johnson
Johnson that's not like our baby nice
watery I got him to relax she's sucking
everything oh look he's grabbing my hand
baby boy yeah why why do I need a bath
could you insist on pooping all over
yourself till you learn to use the
toilet this is something we need to do
I'm sorry well holy nappies toilet
you'll be doing this I guess yeah
rub-a-dub-dub Oh baby here we go
how's that you got us Finding Nemo but a
towel you're all nice and clean buddy
huh your hair all brushed he's all clean
you guys I kissed you you like that
kisses from your Mimi hey
he's all he's all ready for night time
with his little whale onesie he's very
happy now he definitely has to have
something on his body at all times he's
probably gonna be an ever nice yeah he's
very modest modest ain't yet not his
baby yeah he totally turned his head to
you what are you doing I gave her a
little baby fauxhawk mm-hmm with what I
got working with what I got here
we just record you all the times you're
so cute look at him you can do it again
make him do it again he's sucking on a
nose Oh baby boy that was so cute my
friend Kelly just posted a video on her
facebook and it's actually of mine and
Brian is so hard to tell because our
wedding was really dark and like really
like romantic see there we are so cute
that's our first dance and all that's
your mommy and daddy did this did this
then we did this and we did this there
are some stuff in between this was
pretty awesome
hey coma right here hi boy hi he's
missed us huh ah look at our family
Missy we're all in the bed honey boy ah
Alli snapping away huh
that's what we're gonna call it R I'm
gonna say sleep he's not sleeping yeah
he's never he's just taking a nap
all right though we are getting ready
for bed we're all on it but you know
even Karma's tired Curry you tired boy
well thanks again for watching and we
will see tomorrow you want to say
goodbye ollie see yah all right bye guys
so we're off to the car Oliver's first
trip outside he did getting some vitamin
D eating your sunglasses huh actually
someone got us one stolen
should have brought them better than
cute Kong we were gonna be on this side
