because now they swear a fly's gonna
leave a lot of flies out here and I
swear one is going to land in there
you should probably show your mouth but
they've got a lot up front hey baby boy
and the time is honey
baby
you have rolled
do amazing things
combining over you're wide awake for
let's just feel tightness 3:00 a.m. you
just glide awake huh maybe hang out
let's go to camera let's go let's go
good morning guys or good night or
something so we need a lot of questions
I'm asking if I would do a night in the
life and although this isn't a night in
life I thought I would at least film a
little bit of my
routine with Oliver as you guys know it
is 3 a.m. I look pretty much exhausted
Brian Dennis sleep with the pillow on
his head apparently and all over just
ate and now he's pretty much wide awake
I'm chef AJ the party I'm going to now
attempt to wake up Brian to change his
diet
this should be gay actually surprisingly
not is 3 a.m. and I am changing this guy
hey you don't leave this and go put this
little guy back to sleep
he's going to be right with you guys in
a couple hours
say good night
Oh Morty okay
there's no one you're having one of
those morning's where it's just like so
infuriating but you just have to grin
and bear it I'm totally having one of
those mornings I hit major traffic I hit
every single red light I was at this one
red light it let the two cars in front
of me go and then it like stopped red
right at me and I'm like seriously doing
it only two cars go when there's like a
million cars that need to go good
morning guys
so we are babywearing today and I think
I might have got hair on him so I was
doing my hair he does not want to be put
down today he's kind of a cuddly baby
today which is always the best for mommy
but um
also makes it difficult when you need to
do your hair and makeup but I have
learned how to master baby wearing so
that I can do the things that need to
get done I've got a pretty busy day
Brian's mom's coming to hang out and
we're probably gonna barbecue tonight so
we're really looking forward to that
yeah it's just so frustrating sometimes
traffic in California can be infuriating
because it makes me late but you know my
work is pretty isn't really strict about
it which is probably a blessing just one
of those morning's where it's like every
single headlight and now I'm in traffic
and now I miss my exit and Wow
driving stocks I wish I'd just shot a
driver I wish I could just walk outside
get in the car and someone would just
drive me to work like when you went to
school you know what I mean those are
the easy days those are the easy days
you guys if you're in school and you're
living your parents you ain't got no
room to complain hope you guys enjoy my
little nightly thing I couldn't do a lot
of vlogging um last night because I just
I'm so exhausted at nighttime and he was
especially needy and I know you guys
probably really wanted to see him being
extra needy but it's hard to vlog and
take care of a baby at the same time but
I showed you a little bit what's going
on and may
be I'll try and do it more often we were
up a lot last night he kind of didn't
want to be put down and I was like
trying to get him to sleep and he just
kept fussing every single time so you
guys ought to let me know what you
thought my little nightly vlogging I
think Brian was very confused - you're
like why was he why did I have to vlog
it was interesting
look at that cutest face every such a
door we don't Bobby dog I thought I
should mention that he's he's I know he
spends like a lot of time outside we
show him outside a lot but as you can
see there's a doggy door here he can
come in at any moment but he just loves
being outside I think when we were at
our old house you didn't have access out
there which was such a small backyard
they didn't get to go out there very
often and so now that he had the
backyard I think he literally thinks of
it as his own personal park and so he
just is like we're at the park let's
play let's go play but I mean he had he
could be in here all day long but he
just loves being outside he just loves
sometimes I look out there and he's just
doing laps around the yard it's so funny
all right let's go play rat the park
let's play he does even want to go the
park anymore he's like this is the park
this is just as good okay all right so
you guys know how this morning I was
kind of like not really having the
greatest morning took me forever to get
to work hitting every red light it was
kind of like foretold what my day was
gonna be like at work cuz I just had a
really stressful busy day I was in
meetings forever and I'm just I'm
excited to be off and now I get to go
spend time with my wifey Graham has come
to visit she's gonna hang out with
Oliver and hopefully we're gonna do some
BB queuing could do some BB q went up in
the household wha you know I'm saying
get some barbecue on
ah show them some southern love look
who's here it's Graham hey buddy do you
remember me do you remember me yeah you
leave every day but you come back you
come back and change my diaper he knows
me he officially knows me as the guy who
changed his diaper oh that's right
hey buddy yes good cuz it might need to
be done yeah he's like what I love is
very active huh
he's sofa East gets his eye on that TV
pretty much done
I noticed that no darling he looks so
different I was gone for six hours in
the sea you look so different already
yeah this kid okay now he's doing it
yeah you doing are you gonna help daddy
out give him what he wants no diaper
right you so my mom was telling me when
I got here she's like I opened up my
youtube app and everything looked
different I don't know if you guys
noticed but they totally updated the
YouTube app and it confused my mom mom
look it okay you can actually watch a
video while looking for other videos so
I'll put on this video and then you can
actually drag it down and it will
continue to play in the bottom right
while you're scrolling through other
videos oh and then cool and then you can
just click on it to the lack I didn't
know they changed it
yeah they changed - technology changes
mom you got it down yeah okay sure yes
we have a very fussy baby today but he's
just growing he really is just yeah but
I thought I'd tell you guys so I
actually just happen to have a hemp
insert his cloth diaper talk so sorry
you know cloth diaper but I've come in
and ahem picture just because I had one
and he sent three hours and there was no
leaking and it absorbed really well and
when I took it out it wasn't sopping wet
which isn't usually usually his inserts
are like just soaking wet so I think I
might've figured it out I think it's
hemp that we're going to need to
definitely be having Brian buy some hemp
inserts because I think that is the key
to our problem like I said he is just a
he's just a growing baby right now is it
gonna explode maybe like an expert
who Nestle's pretty one yeah feels good
first time you've ever used it girls
we're gonna try it normally is like a
charcoal and they're you know to give it
flavor but oh it actually feels okay in
the shade and we got the barbecue lips
so we're gonna do some do some grill in
baby boy you want to help me grill Hey
saying I need to forget Missy's got
battle scars mm-hmm
scratching her up huh
Oh find Shamu then you speak well hello
I don't think these well speak like that
if you see the movie blackfish I haven't
seen either but apparently it's bad he's
finally passed a healthy look at this
mouth a swear of flies no we have a lot
of flies out here and I swear one is
going to land in there
you should probably show your mouth did
that let up on I'm on fly duty yeah he's
my duty keeping the flies away from him
look at him no he's like a huggin Ernst
oh he's so cute
so he's have a long day though crying
and fussing so definitely time for him
to nap check it out guys we got three
what's for dinner and try and grill
frying barbecue nuts mistakes Oh
the first time we've actually barbecued
out here and we'll be working it I guess
only this half works yeah that half
doesn't work these are really good steak
so it normally we just do 40 sirloins em
hmm
now we're gonna do ribeye this is like
what you get at the fancy steak house
for 30 bucks
wow that's pretty cool spoiling karma
it's so happy because we are outside and
that means play time I do right that was
not fair karma you totally ruined this
thing like four minutes so get yourself
a new frisbee what is this om Jai you
guys see these oh they look so good I
can't believe I made these you think
these are almost done
oh whoops
perfect timing to look at its mic not
bright out Suns going down
nom-nom-nom not big he doesn't know how
to play that game ooh if you wake him up
I'm gonna be really not you I was trying
to make them fuss again hi buddy
hi cutie patootie right they're all just
sleeping away
is it time for bed is it time for bed
you guys are all sleeping and still edit
the vlog if you get a nice snap in
that's good I hope you guys enjoyed the
Bob we had a pretty exciting day we have
news we want to share but we can't yet
I'm pretty excited about it but we're
kind of keep it on the down-low so
hopefully you guys will find out in the
next few weeks plus Heidi Kim is coming
next week and I'm so excited about that
so we are we're all going to bed they're
all sleeping all right we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye yeah getting a little
wobbly there now huh slow down slow down
I've never underdogs before I'm gonna
leave it don't like to meet you hi okay
underdog attempt it's my first time okay
okay
you're gonna have to slide under her
slide under me
