Kharma look at this stick this is so
cool don't you love this stick oh you
totally just got me in the nods dude hey
baby boy hi
is unbelie--
you have one
he's going to do amazing things good
morning everyone
we are just getting ready for our day
aren't we dude hang on he does his
morning stretches boring stretches we're
going to be going out of the house again
today which is always an interesting
event but hopefully we won't be out long
and we just got a friend of the store
and stuff so we got to change him though
he's got a dirty diaper and he does not
like it he's not happy about it huh
I would do my hair and get ready um but
I thought I gave a lot of questions all
the time how I do my hair because
there's like a certain thing I do with
my hair when I'm feeling lazy and I
don't really feel like doing anything
with it
so I'm going to show it to you I do like
my curly hair but it's just too hard to
manage so I often straighten it or put
it up and do stuff with it
it is very curly it's it's pretty curly
hair so first off I'll probably just pin
my bangs back I'm going to take my hair
and just split it right in half doesn't
have to be fancy or anything and I start
with this little bit right here I cut it
in half and I twist I pull it over and
then with this piece I'm going to grab
some more hair pull it together so now
this one is double and twist then you
take this piece grab some hair I look
together and twist and you just keep
doing that until you got all your hair
and do this side
okay now you've got them both together
you can see it's twisted on both sides
then I just pull them together and now I
just put it in a bun then I just pin it
a little bit all around it this is
pretty much my lazy do when I just feel
like putting it up but I want to look
better than just throwing in a bun I
think we need a pack inside bag I did
well my ears no I do have my diaper bag
video coming out I think it should be
out on Friday so you guys can see what I
put in my tag bag because I know a lot
of you been asking me for that video but
not just that but I know a lot of people
are like what it's in your drugs bag
that it's so heavy really there wasn't
oh there's not a lot in my backpack I
don't really bring a lot because he's
just a newborn he doesn't really need
that much stuff but I figured out what
was making the diaper bag so heavy
yesterday that I couldn't carry it
around there was a huge water bottle in
there that we brought into the movie
theater so we could have some water and
I forgot about it and yeah it was
definitely making everything so heavy so
that's why he's doing really good so far
I think that he's I think he'll be okay
cuz we're not going to be out very long
so just be a few minutes
run into any bumps any bumps along the
way I didn't want to put him in the
carrier because it's so hot but the
sun's right in his eyes so I put his
sunglasses on it seems to like it and he
looks adorable which is always a plus
oh guys what's going I don't know why I
all of a sudden got English accent you
know why actually around the end of
summer
toward the beginning of fall I get this
sudden urge to read Harry Potter and I
haven't reread Harry Potter in a long
time I've reread all the books maybe
eight or eight or nine times maybe 10
times I really lose track but I love
Harry Potter I'm like a huge Harry
Potter fan and it it literally is like
in Idaho you could kind of feel it
because it starts to get cold you know
around the beginning of fall and you get
that smell the leaves will start to
change color and you automatically knew
it was Harry Potter time is that is that
how it's like for any of you guys it's
like there's just a time in the year
when you want to like read something or
watch something or do something and for
me it was full time and it was read
Harry Potter and like watch all the
movies like back to back that was just
something that I love doing and I look
forward to doing but I find that with a
newborn it's hard to make time for
things like that obviously maybe that's
where my English accent came from all of
a sudden but I'm definitely missing my
boy and my girl now see things a lot of
weird things are happening right now I
just got off work so I'm all giddy and I
just want to hang out with my wifey and
she's already got me running errands
this guy is not in your life thanks
boots got home and look at all these
packages that came you guys you guys
bears always do such a good job at
making us feel so good it's just good to
know that there's like actual people out
there behind this camp like real people
like you guys are real people big
shout-out to anyone who ever sends us
things like you guys are amazing and if
you do send us something be sure to
check out Missy's Instagram because she
does a good job at like laying
everything out and thinking everyone
individually because can't really do
that on the vlog like every single day
look at this cutie patootie you haven't
wearing shorts and I saw his little
shades earlier you're rocking it oh
what's wrong ooh need to learn how to
breathe breathe breathe there you go
we're gonna get your diaper change okay
here we go hi welcome to the earth Apple
Bungie it's with the firm no sawing that
is good apple bottom cheese Stoppers
full of poo parent crew was looking at
you almost done I know I know life is
hard
huh he's got a look doggies on his shirt
yeah
doggies on you shirt hey so that's Nina
that's Leo and that's Karma he makes the
cutest sounds he does not answer I swear
he makes this sound it's like a scream
but it also sounds like a giggle oh yeah
he's like yeah look at how good he's
getting with his neck you guys we can
like almost stand him up oh he's getting
so he is he was just laying on my mom
like on his gulley and he actually moved
his legs to like crawl it was really
cute he kind of like pushed his legs up
he's just getting all kinds of muscles
and getting so strong okay I'm going
down the stairs to the baby yeah going
to come people maybe you should hold on
to the rail that's what I do
okay that's what I do we are headed
outside and he is gonna be so excited
when he finds out he already has a clue
that we might
coming okay oh my god oh are you so
excited we're gonna leave you
we got Oliver on the tummy time mat
outside how's it going hey hey buddy
work those baby muscles work toast baby
muscles welcome welcome I just realized
that this coming time mat has this cool
little bin Manor and it's all crunchy
this tummy time mat has a giraffe
oh hey Carmen I was fast it's got a
hippo am what is this crab
frog kind of funky yeah and it also has
a moon come on Oliver you can do it
buddy
hey try slipping you over I think he'd
rather do this than this am i right I
mean who won it leo
what are you doing boy hi puppy hi puppy
he ready go whoa
Leo's like mine he's like trying to get
punch as you like ah baby work out baby
work out oh he's gonna have baby abs we
had to move inside cuz I don't think he
was digging the Sun yeah he seemed so
happy really
now he's just pensive he's like hmm
exactly how strong am I going to be
that's you bless you whoo-hoo he's
anything is like his daddy's got eight
more coming your star Ally you're a
youtube star did you know that now
you're in a literal star you know like
your tummy time mat lollipop oh I'm
sorry I'm sorry I'm gonna call you that
I'm sorry I won't call you that I'm
sorry I'm a guy that he's standing
you're like a big boy all right take a
take a step here you go take a step
Oliver steps three weeks old baby's
first step of three weeks old so proud
of you boy he's a really strong though
he's kind of actually supported me nice
obviously
dan he's doing good with his head his
head and his legs Wow you're too much
too much you can do it come on walk to
Daddy come down come to Daddy come on
you can do it oh there you go
there you go Oh big time we should
probably teach him to use the toilet
before use his legs Casey in Kentucky
sent us this awesome bib she's a fellow
photographer so she got us a bib with a
big old camera on it so he can be a
little photographer - guys I got spit up
on I feel so honored thank you thank you
for that honor that badge of honor that
you just gave me first time I have ever
since been up on usually Missy gets sped
up on and he likes to aim right in
between her boobs and I guess you use
sort of aiming for the same spot here
nice try but I got it I got it on tap I
feel like we just did this didn't I just
change your diaper
for like two hours ago you can't hold it
for him any more than two hours and to
do a little outfit change homeboy yeah
yeah cause you pooped all over that
other one huh that's okay
now daddy needs a new outfit now we're
both brushing teeth oh my gosh you guys
okay so um right about this time this is
when Oliver really starts to wake up and
he spends time with Grandpa because my
dad has to leave every night and go to
work and so this is the only time he
gets to really see him and so he's
hanging out with him and Oliver just
smiled well I don't know for sure but it
was like a real like it is I he was
awake so it wasn't like a sleepy gassy
smile and he was like and he's all like
cheeky oh yeah yeah you can't actually
smile because if he smiles his eyes will
shut think of the cheaters okay and got
them chick marks is the key oh I should
be like I can't smile guy nobody none
let me get through some of the baby hey
Dad then I'll smile he's so cute - he
always wakes up right around this time
Brian just changed him and he's already
soaking wet and he leaked through his
little Joey's I'm kind of bummed because
I know that we have not mastered cloth
diapering yet that's for sure we're
still trying to figure out the little
tricks and stuff of making sure that he
doesn't go through his clothes and stuff
but yeah these little Joy's were like my
favorite because they fit so um tightly
and they seem like they're just like the
perfect fit for him so maybe he's
outgrowing them and how they're leaking
I'm not sure but like I said do not take
me as someone like like I know a lot of
people want me to do like cloth diaper
reviews and I just don't really feel
like I'm there yet like I'm not I
haven't mastered cloth diapering I know
that Heidi like I said Heidi kids coming
out and I got tons of questions for her
so hopefully she can help me out and she
is out here I'm gonna be buying some
hemp liners I've heard those are really
good um they're thin and they're really
really super absorbent so I'm gonna buy
some of those and hopefully that will
help but maybe these little Joey's just
are too small for him or something I'm
not really sure not fun when it leaks
through huh that's not cool
let me see was sitting here on her phone
and then she got all sad because it was
at 1% cuz she pretty much uses her phone
until it died it she's like yeah she's
like now what am I gonna do and then she
moved on to the iPad but now she's
crashing on the iPad oh no this is not
good
what do you do to it fix it you can't
swing on this I just need to get the
Rope down
the Rope is stuck in the tree you're
getting it lower there you go there you
go
oh yeah save the day I'm like 60% sure
that it won't break oh it's up its up
now you need someone to push you a
little bit to the right yeah well you
win some you lose some
it can't be perfect Karma look at this
stick this is so cool don't you love
this stick oh you totally just got me on
the nods dude look at the moon you guys
the moon looks so cool right now it's
seriously like really big I guess misty
said it's actually a blue moon wait so a
bunch of cool stuff is supposed to
happen right now right since it's a blue
moon oh you're gonna get on it now babe
I don't know I really don't I don't
really I don't I don't I really just I
just I don't think that oh my goodness
that's cuz there's not a baby in there
we still need to keep you safe a new dog
I do dog yeah getting a little wobbly
there now huh yeah slow down slow down
I've never underdog before I'm gonna do
it well don't like moving too high okay
underdog attempt it's my first time okay
you're gonna have to slide under her no
it's scary she could fall you guys know
what this means literally he's like he
surrender I surrender sorry he's gone to
bed now so we're getting ready for bed
Simon and the vlog I want to remind you
guys that my new article for still
standing is up go check that out um I
wrote about Oliver being born so it's
actually a really cool article and it
should be the first link in the
description and then the next link is
going to be a video that just went up on
Missy's channel and it has me my face my
face so go check it out
and tell us what you think and yeah I
hope you guys had a great day and as
always we will see you tomorrow bye just
a friendly tip theater hotdogs are the
best
nom nom nom nom oh my god it's so bright
oh yeah that did not work basically
after about five minutes of sitting
there she wanted to be fed and he just
started screaming and nothing when they
came happy so I tried to feed him
outside a theater but he just was not
putting up with it so I think the lon
