I'm a baby today it's crazy big affects
you so far okay look at how speaking to
PS oh you're going to me what you want I
did did you really I did good morning
everyone
so Oh Thomas I'm sitting in alders room
I woke up with a lot of contractions not
that painful just you know mildly
painful I guess you could say and I'm
trying to sitting here doing my kick
counts and a little bit put off it's
just been a while since I've felt in
kick not like a long time but since
starting my kick counts I haven't felt
anything so I'm just kind of starting to
sit here wonder if I should call labor
and delivery let them know them having
contractions and my kick counts aren't
yet awesome I've been doing kick outs
for thirty minutes
I still haven't felt anything high right
okay because um I know he's moving
because he's kind of like changing my
belly into different formations it's
just I'm not feeling him kick or job or
really move I just know he is moving
good morning guys
I am just up now and I'm getting a vlog
up and actually I asked I really want to
get some sleep so I went to bed and so
I'm a little late getting the vlog up
this morning I think it's like 10:30 and
I just started uploading it but um we
were already getting some comments and
yesterday's vlog on people like all
freaking out and they're like where's
the vlog now I'm nervous what if she's
in labor so I think I definitely have to
start getting the vlog up at 10 a.m. or
people get nervous they think that she's
going into labor it's been officially an
hour I think at least it may be five
more minutes and I haven't felt him kick
give a normal town last night okay we
don't use the way fetal kick counts work
is that we normally do them once a day I
don't know who told you to do them more
than once a day
if you drink like a large glass I like
fruit juice something sweet mold that
will use quick get your baby we are
gonna get some apple juice and Missy
cool this is gonna drink some apple
juice and we're gonna see if it makes
him move he might just be sleeping
because you know babies actually sleep
when you wake up in the womb because
you're moving around and you're rocking
them and it's like a calming thing and
then they're usually awake at night
because you're still and they're done
rocking and stuff so see ya that all
this sugary coldness gets him moving I
promise this isn't Europe hi missus
drinking our apple juice and I if you
guys don't know we still have Just Dance
so I'm gonna get with danceOn and sivan
go a little morning workout going one
direction you don't know you're
beautiful right now you ready
yeah I really suck at this you guys is
this is hard we have been hanging out
for a couple hours now I just kind of
kind of relax eat snack do all that and
to be honest I have not felt any kicks
makes me uncomfortable and doesn't make
me happy it doesn't make me feel good so
I just called my midwife but I'm pretty
sure no matter what she says even if she
says not to worry I'm just going to say
I need to go down and just be checked
because it makes me really nervous and
I'm not happy I am currently packing her
back just getting all the last-minute
items that need to be in here getting
his diaper bag together because you just
don't know at this point in just in case
if everything's okay that turns into a
beach day yeah exactly we're going to
the beach if they're seeing that he's
not moving a lot and that he's not
getting enough oxygen or whatever we'll
be in dude
will most likely be induced I want him
to be okay and if he's not thriving in
my belly anymore he's not able to move
and be active and stuff then it might be
time for him to come out kind of I'm on
edge right now I'm kind of worried and
think we all are but we're just trying
to think positive and hope that maybe
this just turns into a really fun day at
the beach might be having a baby maybe
Oliver needs to start kicking them
trying out a couple things to get him to
move so we put the belly into sunlight
yeah got boy my voice sometimes does it
too he's now having a contraction yeah
trying to get him to move move kick me
kick me really hard now this is not my
official midwife she's just the on-call
midwife but she does have my records and
stuff and she really doesn't feel like
there's any reason to worry she's like
did you feel him move this morning and I
said yes I felt him a kick this morning
but it was nothing like you know too big
or anything and then she's like okay
well if you normally do kick counts at
night then you need to wait until you
have you know can do your regular kick
count but the thing is is that I
normally feel him kick all day long at
least a couple times and it's been now
five hours no kicks not one so yeah I
mean I might not be time to do a kick
count which is you know ten kicks in at
least an hour or whatever but I mean not
one kick seems a little bit more
suspicious it makes me like I said makes
me uncomfortable doesn't make me feel
very good and I feel like I just need to
go in and be monitored she says that
it's kind of a kind of busy right now so
it's going to be a wait but I just feel
like I need to go for it and do what my
instincts are telling me which is I just
need to get checked and whether it's
just you know turns into a fun day at
the beach or it's nothing I come home
I just need to calm my mind and everyone
else's we are officially off to the
hospital
I still haven't felt him kick or
anything so we're all just trying to
stay calm and I hope you guys aren't
stressing out again what is going on
guys tell me what's going on here we are
again back in triage in a closet
essentially they're gonna hook Missy up
and baby up and see what's going on in
there felt's anything kicking oh really
love you in here about 20 minutes
Stella Felton move his heart rates going
on we only went to 152
I don't know definitely his heart rates
going up though that's usually when she
fills in kick she could push the button
but nothing still nothing you seriously
haven't told him kicking this long yeah
he's always kicking he's a very active
baby miss you okay she didn't take your
peepee
that's bizzy's BP they brought Missy
some juice and crackers cuz the baby's
not moving so now she get are these is
this okay I know you're very picky about
your juice and crackers baby
I like the juice dad grandpa sure about
old too actually they're not really
that's so funny I just like graham
cracker person but I'll eat up all right
as he did what she was supposed to they
still not kicked he still has not kicked
you guys it's weird did say it was a
busy day so I guess we're just still
waiting for the Midwife to come in and
see what they want to do with this
little guy we don't know what's really
going on at the moment but we've been
sidetracked we are now in another room
and they got Missy on oxygen and an IV
and we're having a baby so it's really
weird right - we're not leaving so we're
here and basically the baby has been D
selling for an hour so they've been
watching and so he's looking better now
I don't know but we're probably not
leaving until we have a baby yeah so why
not a baby you guys where I mean this is
it like it's weird when she said that
like when she said you know Oliver's
telling us that it's time I just sort of
like clammed up and I'm like got
everyone to start crying and weird I
don't know like I think we're excited
we're scared out of our mind and we just
didn't imagine maybe it's okay we're
here we're in the right place
I'm scared and excited and scared yeah
but we're not leaving this place till we
have a baby so I don't know what's gonna
happen tonight we're just gonna have it
tomorrow or what who when my battery's
dying on this camera that's great
don't worry we have extras you don't
leave me yeah probably guys not on you
this part is not fun it makes you feel
like something bad faster for 37 weeks I
think I think this is a pretty good-size
baby yeah so let me go let me go talk to
the physicians I'll come back we'll
present all the options we know we work
together they're going to become
managing your care because because of
the induction so and one of them may
want to come in to meet you why do you
babies all of a sudden go into stress
like this do we know why they just
decide that they don't know a different
reason for every different games really
placenta sort of getting tired out
typically it's the reason we tell people
to do their kick counts and tell them to
come in they don't get them just like
just like you guys did because it's
usually a gradual process
she's got diaper bag pillows blankets I
got hospital bag camera bag um what's on
this shoulder a laptop bag tripod we're
good
Cassie do we have everything I mean
we're having a baby we we can't have
missed anything Oliver's got a couple
things he has to do on this test and
it's not looking very good so no I don't
ever think I had I've ever had an oxygen
mask on oh okay and what can I feel what
it feels like
refresh oh that's nice I feel like I'm
standing in a forest or something we
just had a little test Oliver had 30
minutes to do certain amount of things
and he did one of them so I'm not really
sure what that means
then I mean all the time I don't know
what it means though if that means see
something or we don't know yeah they're
just going to talk but I'm definitely
thinking my chances of a vaginal birth
is going down very slowly oh I'll see
very quickly yeah so basically um gotta
give him another testing it's not really
working out so I know she's really
bummed about this but I got a rush into
a c-section
and you know shouldn't she's even got a
chance
and so she's kind of bummed but I mean
I'm a baby today it's crazy
you heard me father and she seems like
you're making her do her today
everybody to have a steady hand be
strong Jesus man
okay we're gonna meet him okay
that baby gonna do whatever it takes gun
okay no it's a good thing baby I know
it's scary but I think moving fast yeah
three times I did this pass it is a
little too many this was coming I know
this about it but it's coming if I'm
point it gets a little edgy care yeah
this is it this is what you're gonna do
they do it do this they just will miss
you out we're about to the way and what
did you just say I said this morning I
went in and talked to Jim and I said the
baby's coming today I mean it you just
knew I knew I knew that actually that
things weren't good and that we were
gonna be going to the hospital and she
was another baby Suzanne and I are
getting suited up check us out our big
old white suits looking classy so this
is totally like an answered prayer right
now that Suzanne and myself are both
gonna be able to be in there for the
c-section because she's always been told
one person we asked and they said yes oh
thank god right so Missy's definitely
gonna love that we are both able to go
in this is it baby
gonna meet our little boy now okay so
amazing you know that
you saved his life yeah you trusted your
instincts baby baby father doing good
oh my god oh my gosh he's crying yes oh
my gosh it's a little boy did you know
45 yeah yeah just casually oh my gosh
there you go yeah I'm gonna breathe oh
my gosh oh my gosh you guys
let's go ahead good thinking I can't get
enough yeah 431 80s let's go up to this
cup 250 please we're a fifty sixty of 60
feet so six these stats are 74 the 81
yeah they're you know I'm at five forty
let's come on up
got a curlicue cord is that normal
we're gonna come down to 20 understand
for the keyboard there's all different
types of what do I do
hold on oh it's gonna feel like you do
go
okay so you got be a little firm with it
okay the cutters court no so we have a
name his name's all over her oh I - yeah
cut right above this crap right here
above that and they're all so right here
anyone 421 that's over right here good
okay yeah now your weekend outlook
you're opening your eyes they are the
down of congratulations dad eight
minutes heart rate 150 73 hey baby boy
those eyes hi
scar lotsa hair huh oh my gosh look at
all that hair we saw that hi baby boy oh
my gosh hi he looks good yeah open up
the visor we go buddy we're gonna weigh
you
so our weight about 16 14 ounces 6
message about 14 ounces hey buddy you're
a big guy huh we're gonna get his
measurements yes sir
look bag I had a big head 34 centimeters
50 centimeters which is about 19 and a
half 19 and a half feet
guys I'm so excited to you time will be
born at like 9:30 one day one jm7 happy
birthday darling go to the birthday yeah
see him he's so perfect
hi baby is so perfect this is our son
baby this is our boy meter me hey you
recognize my voice
oh yeah tell me he's got it
look at it this is our boy that amazing
guy see
yeah the bartender
James your Grandpa's 6:14 19 and 1/2
inches basically exactly what mr.
Seaborn
he's hungry and that's allowing you to
get a little favor and it's very normal
to go baby
that sucks swallow suck suck swallow
very normal that's what they do
hey mom hey you want to see him there
yes yeah he did perfect
oh there he is
isn't he amazing I'm crazy
I really didn't know the booby today but
here we are going skin-to-skin first
time single guys me
burner
what goes ears oh my goodness
is really really weird feeling
all right we're going to get some rest
on he's going to say yes
brian is kind of freaking out right now
doing congestion I'm just like doing
random things around the room well
actually I'm not I'm supposed to make
that bad over there get on still unmade
collects suck but now Missy's like 20
and she said she's walking around Winco
and labor might be started if she's
having lots of contractions I don't know
if they're gonna be if they're starting
to get consistent or not but just
keeping an eye on it
