I need to blow it away right yes get to
make away I have to make a wish just
blew it like in your mouth you know so
far okay look at how stinky poopy is
there you go
oh we were going to me what god I did
did you really I did
good morning guys I'm up early and I was
just dealing with some personal stuff
this morning get things taken care of
but I missed the time that Missy leaves
for an iced tea so she's on her way to
the NST so I think I'm gonna go get my
hair cut cuz it's pretty it's pretty
long I normally don't get it let it get
this long but pretty sick of it I like
it what a short so I don't have to do
anything to it
good morning so I am headed to my NST
movie my mom r-ryan decided to stay home
and get some stuff done it's just going
to be a quick NST hopefully just in and
out no big deal but interesting thing
happened this morning I don't know
it was a contraction or not but it was
beautiful basically my uterus just like
rock hard and my entire like admin was
just like I fell
was pretty sick and painful and so I was
like oh my gosh is this it like maybe I
was sleeping through like a lot of
contractions got the night and then when
it finally woke me up in the morning
like maybe it was starting but I felt a
definite PD committed it stopped
and I was it was definitely interesting
and I was like
Cinna steam ight be interesting but
nothing happened after that I have
update me alright guys just got back
from a haircut and I feel so much better
so much more free my head can breathe
which is awesome so thumbs up if you
guys like the new hair I also I'm
feeling really good I stepped on the
scale this morning and it actually told
me less than my last weight of when I
was first starting to lose weight so I'm
actually already under that and so I'm
feeling really really good I probably
ended up weighing myself wrong when I
first started and I was just more than I
actually was but I'm feeling good
because I'm actually losing weight
already and you know I'm not changing a
whole lot and it's addicting telling
your body what it can and cannot eat
there's like an addictive thing there
that like sparks in your brain and stuff
like that so definitely feeling good
Missy is at the NST now and I'm just
gonna run around I got a couple more
errands to run and I also need some food
and my Butler get me to check the fluid
very phone and how many weeks are you
you've got a lot of baby going on here
there's a heartbeat of the baby mm-hmm
can you see that yeah let's see if we
see the face of the baby there's baby
spine there's the baby's face this is an
eye the nose and another eye is the
mouth sweet little baby and this is a
hand up they're trying to get it in the
mouth
what what oh you still mad cuz I set the
wrong name huh
morning guys Bob definitely took my line
this morning a couple blocks ago I
accidentally called Ben Bob
that's why get it right son so he just
got done with the NST and it went really
good I just I love doing the ultrasounds
that makes me feel so good that he's
just doing really really awesome we did
a little extra monitoring because they
just wanted to keep an extra eye on him
right now but he's doing awesome and
they were seeing contractions which were
painful but not as painful as this
morning so I don't know if anything's
starting right now as things are
starting to pick up and then I had a
couple on my way out while I was walking
and then once I sat down and have a good
hoping I've had anything since I've been
in the car so I don't know what that
means out a little
having contractions again or if they're
going to start getting painful or Morgan
something will definitely keeping an eye
on today Karma's been lazy huh he's just
waiting for mommy to get home huh hurt
karma you're like yeah I wanna hang out
with you you're boring
ha ha bye bye you wanna rassle wanna
rassle karma he's like sure oh wait not
so sure
well yeah I'm sure no way I'm not so
sure oh say one go moon again no no come
there with your hands not your mouth
what's this hey look at like Missy said
he's still attached he actually likes us
thinks he's not turning it up ha you
want it boy good
ah okay you can have it geez me my mom
are actually going shopping right now
and I gotta say um Brian is kind of
freaking out right now I'm feeling
contractions so I'm just like doing
random things around the room well
actually I'm not I'm supposed to make
that bad over there see how it's still
unmade that's cuz I suck but now Missy's
like tweeting me and she said that she's
walking around Winco and labor might be
starting cuz she's having lots of
contractions I don't know if they're
gonna be if they're starting to get
consistent or not but just keeping an
eye on it and I'm a little excited right
now I don't know if this is anything or
if I'm just I don't know I don't really
know I know I always feel so silly but
it does feel different does it feel like
they're getting more painful so no see
yeah if you guys didn't know alright
this is
Kharma I try to wake it but I did it
really work that it why you sleep in the
bathroom I think he likes it cuz there's
a AC vent right here so it's like super
cool in this room how come are we
comfortable why are you always nap at
all the time
you did nothing a lot lately huh haven't
you boy or stretch your muscles are
awake
I'm leaving the store and I had a few
contractions in there um about 10
minutes apart I really weren't that bad
so I still don't think that they're very
consistent and maybe it's just what is
it like false labor or something you
know stuff like that but we'll see we're
just gonna keep an eye on it and see
what happens look at this you guys
commerce toy landed in the tub and he
won't go in go and get it good boy
come on come on Kurt Lisa come on come
on hop in gentlemen Oh
Karma's in the BA th oh no oh no the
time for a BA th no come to Inc win good
yeah he jumped in there to get his toy
he totally even grabbed it to do
everything for you donar so this is like
the worst time to have anything going on
because my phone is at 1% and 1% that
yeah so who Brian was like thank you
candy crush because they're doing the
fetal monitoring and I pretty much
played candy crush for like an hour and
that's pretty much what killed my
battery and of course that when I needed
the most to text him tell him what's
going on my phone is about to die so
that's sad but I'm almost almost home
and I'm gonna lay down and you know just
see what happens hopefully I don't know
if this is anything at all but maybe
laying down will help my body relax a
little bit I see his home now at there's
bugs
Missy's trying to relax she's owning
she's in that she's letting the breeze
touch her skin and are we having
contractions every so often but death
not strong and definitely not consistent
okay I think that it could just be false
labor or something I don't really
they'll be having a lot of lower back
pain okay pressure down there okay let
the contractions are just not consistent
or painful really I'm not that well
they're not painful because you're
owning it because you're a baller but
we'll see I'm I mean just something to
keep an eye on and I don't know maybe
it'll pick up at some point yeah I'm
just trying to like take it easy cuz I'm
still 37 weeks Missy just picked an
eyelash out of my eye and although
that's kind of gross
I need to blow it away right yes get to
make way I have to make a wish yeah just
blew it like in your mouth Missy is
requesting some items from downstairs
that she got today you got it pull pull
please don't drop it right on me well I
don't know if that was as convenient you
feel better about yourself I am
currently in the process of adding a
couple of items to my diaper bag I'm
sorry hospital bag actually purchased a
few different kinds of snacks for when
we leave I couldn't figure out what I
wanted for snacks because really I've
never been a snacker like um Ryan's like
Brian's a snacker like he'll always be
munching on something yeah I've got like
some hard candy some peanuts almonds
gums I also got some package from
Shannon and she sent me some super cute
reusable nursing pads from like a cute
Etsy shop so I'm gonna add these to my
hospital bag even though I probably
won't want to use reusable that soon um
and you know I don't a lot of comments
in my hospital bag video that it was
silly for me to bring nursing pads a lot
of people thought I was kind of weird
but I actually have experience and when
I delivered a Gabriel um my milk came in
ours like basically three hours I was
engorged and by
six hours I was leaking everywhere and I
was in a lot of pain and so I know that
nursing pads are going to be very
necessary for me just from past
experience so a lot of people thought it
was absolutely crazy that I was bringing
them pink what are you doing I called it
the stairs
nice oh and I'm also bringing my light
robe but that should be comfortable my
gosh oh god do they hi yes
you're not allowed to keep them they're
so good right you're really not supposed
to eat them really I should just hide
them from you I was just telling them
that you're such a snacker
which that is open good it's hot no so
the stork can come in are we gonna go
I'd be nice let's just this is heaven
bring a little post out there you can
just drop them right on the post and
Missy's having a contraction how is it
is there a like lower abdomen pain but
it's not that dated with you we're on
contraction watch you guys every
contraction she said it and I like grab
the camera I don't know I mean yeah
right I'm gonna having a connection but
like I said they're just so be regular
not that painful it's not really
anything
Cassie's friend rod over just dance on
the week and they're doing a deal at
2:00 at the time of my life
work it there you go there you go there
you go did you do that
oh no it's Brian's turn
because their bounty
Missy sitting by the fan cuz she's so
hot and not hot as in like uh-huh sweaty
like ah that feel better
so we got an awesome package from Sarah
in Georgia and she actually sent us a
lot of really cool things but we're
gonna watch karma open here's present
these are yours you know they're yours
go ahead get it unwrap it what is it I
wanna see what it it huh
is that a crocodile look at that
or is it an alligator I don't know
what's there between an alligator at a
crocodile
that's so cool boy oh you didn't go go
on boy open it he does unwrap presents
like Cassie all meticulous look at him
oh what's that
huh look at that oh yes yes yes yes yes
the ultimate fish yes look how happy he
is you guys look at they say Savannah
Georgia and it's a bunch of little bones
ah for peanut butter treats Thank You
Sara look at he loves them oh no it's a
toss-up guys which ones he got to choose
which one is common going to choose
leave it in the comments real fast hurry
karma treats or crocodile treats or
crocodile boy pick one Oh crocodile one
alright guys we are getting ready for
bed oh but I wanted to say we've gotten
a couple comments in yesterday's vlog
about this and I think people have been
asking about this a lot is Missy
tongue-tied this is it well Miffy well
Missy are you tongue-tied
I'm not tongue-tied but I do have a list
and the reach is a list the reason is
it's not that bad but it's not that bad
but I when I learned how to say SS I
learned it too
me
so let's list so I telling is in between
my teeth that is really weird so someone
actually taught you a lisp
I guess so I mean I maybe or maybe I
should have my tongue naturally went
when I said at this yes snake snake
snake it's not Nate its mate well there
you have it she's not tongue-tied she
does have a slight lift it's cute it
just gives you cuteness you're oh you're
just cute all right guys we will see you
tomorrow
right see you later come out have to do
this I tell you really I fell down that
low it's doable people my belly's like I
think he gets squished to did it like
lean up
