we have a conversation all the time
baby boy hi
baby
you have rolled
do amazing things
good morning everyone so um today I've
decided I'm gonna try some of the spice
cake I made it last night but then I was
just too tired and I didn't want to eat
it so oh and that is the oven telling me
that it's ready for me to put my cookies
in yeah like I said I'm totally want to
just bake right now I'm gonna chase cake
we actually have cream cheese frosting
but I don't really like cream cheese
frosting I'm going to do butter on it
it's just like a little bit of make it
look moist Oh hair hanging that's pretty
good there's a lot of flavor but it's
okay my favorite thing is pumpkin bread
I actually make pumpkin bread from
scratch when it's fall time like
literally the pumpkin and everything
it's so good it has a lot of flavor this
doesn't have a ton of flavor but it's
pretty good I'll definitely still eat it
I set the diapers out here early this
morning and so I'm hoping that they're
dry so that we can actually use normal
sized diapers today pretty dang good and
dry and beautiful and perfect I'm sorry
but I just don't know if I'll ever get
over the fact that they are no white
drying things and they turned white
because of the Sun is like pretty much
amazing right oliver is seriously
watching a cooking show with me me look
at it looking at the screen that
fascinating it's like the best thing
ever I can't stop looking at him are you
thinking I had to make wings for dinner
huh I swear he's watching like the
funniest thing ever
yeah he's three weeks old and he's
already obsessed with YouTube you guys
Missy is stuffing diapers and when she
gets to the Apple cheek diapers this is
what she does do it at the bottom gee I
don't know this off the hook I was the
skinny cuz he's got apple bottom right
cuz it's a diaper Apple cheeks you gotta
sing the song every time
we put it on you got a singsong okay he
dropped the poo next thing you know yeah
you can make it some yesterday you guys
know I went to San Diego and I got swag
wanna see you want to see the swag I got
well first of all I got this awesome
shirt which I made you looked through it
she cheated you guys we got California
Republic shirt we got San Diego with the
little anchor on it and we got another
San Diego shirt it's like a lifeguard
you guys saw this I got this tank top
from the swap meet and then my mom pot
like a ton of awesome things for baby
all these rooms so we have this says
poop deck just go right where up where
we change his diaper my aunt got him
these their socks with cars on it
because my aunt's family is obsessed
with cars because that's what my uncle
does for a living my mom got us this
awesome
helm which I actually only know what
this is because of Nelson at the helm my
good friends in Boise that's what their
van name is and I was like what the
heck's a helm and so we got this awesome
home Missy did you see the shirt I got
you yeah it says love San Diego of
course it's gonna fit you and then my
mom also got she's like Auto shopping so
anytime she sees something for baby I
like she has to get it this awesome
clock and it's got two little anchors on
the side and it matches the anchor that
she got us that we hang baby all these
jackets on and stuff so it's so cool
yeah and that's it I just got total
stuff from San Diego because I had an
awesome trip and I was kind of bummed
that Missy can I come with me because
you know baby Ollie is three weeks old
now um as a guest yeah not yesterday
anyway as of today he's three weeks old
today you guys and so it's kind of just
a little early for him going out of the
house and doing like all-day excursions
but hopefully soon because we got things
to do in San Diego and la rumors
speculation get them started so I'm
finally bringing up the clean diapers
and basically we only have right now one
wet bag so this is our dirty diapers -
right now since we didn't have anything
to put them in it's so gross and we have
one so when it's dirty and I'm washing
it
have anything to put it in I've been
like meeting to purchase one but I just
keep forgetting that's what happens Oh
gross
holy crap you guys it's freaking hot
here in California
my car is saying that it's a hundred and
it actually just changed from 102 hi
zombie is that you hey in hair where are
you
in hair I can't see you I can hear you
this guy's an idiot oh hey how'd you end
up in there who do you think of look I
have legs we are not being very good
influences right now you guys we're
eating KFC and we're watching Oh itnb
if you don't know what that is alright I
guess I think it's orange is the new
black and it's a really cool show we're
totally addicted to it we're almost done
with it we have like two episodes left
and it's really bad you guys yeah so oh
you should only be watching this if you
are over the age of 21 don't watch it
with your kids and every time we say I
always tell me see I really want to
watch it I always say Oh itnb it's a
really frickin awesome show if you
haven't seen it it's about this girl
who's like in prison and it's there's a
lot of stuff going on Ollie is just
chilling on his boppy my buddy
little captain adorable do you know how
much I love you do you know much yeah
you need to be looking over here this
show is not appropriate for you hmm
Oliver's cranky trying to figure out all
this sounds he makes what they mean he
does a lot of gurgles and I literally
heard that like five minutes ago
that's what yeah so irritated with you
right now yeah he's like I'm gonna mock
me at a time like this
we finished orange is the new black
pretty crazy and season 2 should be
pretty cool
Oliver did not watch oranges zoom black
for the record he face the other way
the entire time and would not let him
see it not to see you know what I really
want to see you guys is jobs it's out
Missy how am I supposed to go see it I
got a newborn and a wife who doesn't
really like to leave doesn't like to
leave or doesn't like to go see a really
dumb movie it's not gonna be done it's
gonna be really cool jobs yeah that's
your job it's about the guy who created
your iPhone Missy you think you'd have
some respect you're on this thing 24/7
candy crush would not exist if it wasn't
for Steve Jobs you would be so bored
while breastfeeding if it wasn't for
Steve Jobs we have a conversation all
the time hey you didn't sound like you
just spit on there why are you staring
at me for
why are you staring at me for buddy do
you think why you point that thing at me
again no I was staring contest let's
stare thank you it off you're not even
good at your own game
you're being very talkative right now
Karen my boy yeah play with the frisbee
let Oliver throw it Oliver you throw it
come on play with Karma
throw it just grab it oh yeah here's a
little play with you yet boy
danny is very happy right now yeah he's
uh
so getting grease some Starbucks buddy
thanks you wanna go get some coffee huh
don't eat his hands don't eat your does
is a jacket your mom's gonna eat you
don't eat me it's rolling oh that
was so funny picture my teeth is that
you like it wait when you what happens
your chief Vick church needs to Petrucci
covers like can you please pay attention
to me I'm who's the first one here he
spends like all his day out here which
he actually does to be just simply hit
he's obsessed with being out here he is
obsessed with the backyard and frisbee
good dude I'm not gonna play this game
you gotta explain like sometimes we'll
be sitting in the in the kitchen eating
dinner and he's just sitting here yeah
he sits right in the center of the lawn
right there and just sits and just
stares at the house he's just like he
keeps guard on the back yard waiting as
soon as he sees us get up from this
table he's of they're coming see
told you guys he just sits there I made
it out the house again and we are gonna
go get a little drink what do we do it
but not like an actual tree let's go to
the bar babe yeah we got our baby in the
back just go hit the town though I think
we're just gonna go get a Starbucks
my Starbucks is just a chocolate shake
we just had to get out of the house and
do something we have yeah I'm still
tired eyes he had to have a nice little
snack before we left so we should be
good to go for a good hour and you're in
the front seat with me again you're
doing that when I got in the frenzy I
was like blazing I'm in the front but
then I was like okay it's okay because I
have a care I have a mirror so I can see
him being back there is just for me
really because it's not he doesn't
really get that upset
I had one freakout moment but I was in
the back seat the other day and he's
like started like getting all upset and
crying and sometimes when he cries it's
like so scary because he'll sometimes
hold his breath for like ever and I'm
like oh my god like breathe breathe
keeps you warm yeah that's funny
hey buddy is it like the worst part is
that you have to do it without letting
it touch the ground oh yeah this is
technically Oliver's first trip to
Starbucks huh you seem to drink what do
you want you want a grande Frappuccino
huh what do you want he is not amused
okay just a few shops away from Target
so we're gonna walk over to Target
you can actually fit in all clothes now
q you see it uh-huh sit all right yeah
yeah I really like getting boba but I
hate when you get down to the last of X
that Saul it's locked
and I choke myself with boba oh do you
oh and I need slippers something's wrong
with this picture babe look at this that
is not her head why is her head like
five times bigger than her body and that
weird crazy I would never noticed that
that is so she looked totally out of
proportion and I guess models have to
have a head that five times greater than
their body
so do you like this one or the Moby Wrap
better more this stretch here it's like
easier to maneuver him in okay we have
this one at home right yeah the black
Moby he looks very comfortable actually
yeah he's back in the womb is he can't
find her phone and this is what she says
if it's at Starbucks and they just
closed and I'm like if it's at Starbucks
they just closed
I seriously hardly ever recognized your
list but when I do I feel like it's like
punching me in the face like put your
tongue inside your mouth Typhon yeah
that was like oh no I just suddenly
phone all the time and turns out it was
sitting in his car seat you were going
way faster than 25 lady yeah that's a
parking lot jeez often put my phone in
the car seat for some reason now I just
keep doing it and now I keep losing it
and what a pain I thought was gonna get
locked in the Starbucks if I left my is
lost a Starbucks I
I don't even know what the heck he's
talking about whatever I thought I was
gonna get it like locked in Starbucks
and like and then it was gonna be there
all night and I thought what I was gonna
do at night when I had the nerves I
would have no candy crush hey buddy
mm-hmm that's Dean Cameron all right
what the heck does happy baby know he's
staring at me hi he's like looking you
in the eye
well not anymore back back to you thanks
to mommy we figure you can only see like
six to eight inches all right yeah so
like you really have to be close these
are true six to eight inches right what
about it is so annoying it is about from
the breasts to the face Wow maybe like
12 inches of the most okay you have to
be pretty dang close otherwise I think
it's like me me like fuzzy hmm and like
it's blurry so if he hears a voice I
think he'll turn it is me me me happy
this guy's got a dirty diaper so we're
gonna go change his diaper trying to
spend these last couple days just
catching up on sleep and relaxing and
it's working gonna get this guy all
comfy here you go boom yeah shine oh
we're gonna get him ready for bed we got
this really cool white box at Target
today and it's got Huggies wipes in them
but we'll take them out but basically
it's just a really cool box we can throw
our wet wipes in because they're really
hard to get out of this package yeah
like really hard and we have to like
struggle to get them and then we have to
end up taking like sticks and that's not
cool huh we're gonna put all the in some
little dragon pajamas but this is really
cool I think I'm seeing this for the
first time it says little dragon and
it's got little feetsies on to do a good
feetsies all right a little dragon is
all ready for bed please me too
something that I want to ask you guys we
call him our little dragon but we
actually have a lot of nicknames that we
call him call him buddy we call him boy
we call him monkey we call him ollie and
so I want to ask you guys what do you
think all these nicknames should be or
can you come up with a creative nickname
for ollie
you can do it look at its little face
this is your inspiration
so try and come up with a fun nickname
and leave it in the comments below and
then maybe like start using it I'll be
really cool anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog be sure to thumbs up it
and we will see you tomorrow good bye is
he sleep is he sleeping he fell asleep
on me well we did it we have a very
successful Adi without any big deals we
were able to years keep him calm
throughout the day so I was really
really proud of that is probably one of
the
