okay we're gonna try and do this I'm
kind of scared
this is pretty flimsy rope uh-huh hey
baby boy hi
is awesome baby
you have world
do amazing things good morning guys um
so we are up I swear he always get so
like flustered when I start filming
probably doesn't understand why I'm
talking to a camera we had a pretty fun
night didn't we I love my night times
because it's really just calm and
relaxing but at the same time I'm just
like up most of the night hanging out
with him and he's he's really good at
night he's not like crying or screaming
anything he just like basically just it
wants to be held it's like he just wants
to like cuddle all night which is so
much fun so cute at the same time we
used to be exhausted for during the
daytime I leave him exhausted to it
doesn't it you grab key I found another
cute outfit last night when I was TDM
it's a shirt that says mommy loves me I
love these I just love that it like
opens up from the side there's no like
pulling over his head and stuff so I
definitely want more of these all right
we need a diaper change don't we all
right all right how about you show them
your cute face
choosing your cute face that's a cute oh
hi oh hey boss is on me how you been
well you wouldn't really know you never
talk to me anymore I know I know I'm
sorry I've just I've been really busy
yeah what's the deal you have a kid and
then you just forget about me that we
were friends I don't think we've ever
called or even recognized the term
friendship between you and I well maybe
if you didn't ignore me we'd be friends
I'm sorry I had a kid and I mean to be
fair he's way cuter than you are ouch
Brian ouch
is that your cute face now you've got a
cute face on huh Oh big yawn oh my oh my
he is how clean no he's hungry he's
looking looking aren't ya he's seen
though so he's happier now he's like
feed me feed me then I'll be happy happy
then maybe a smile oh they're so cute
sitting outside for lunch today
went to Baja Fresh and got my favorite
shrimp burrito it's so good it just has
like cheese guacamole and shrimp it's
pretty much amazing and then this salsa
I don't I'm probably gonna put you this
but it's like mole mole shack cat day
was a good day
is that right uh so nice although I had
to sit outside also it was freezing in
there so you guys totally just missed it
I just common was up here totally
cuddling with Oliver I was trying to
vlog it but I could it I thought first I
want to get picture now actually did
look how cute this is he was literally
like resting his head right here with
Oliver it was so cute like that's just
like the best feeling ever when you have
your puppy and your baby who you love so
much and they just cuddle and love each
other so yeah I got a picture I didn't
get a chance to vlog it but he's just so
cute that's that's probably one of my
favorite pictures so far and look what
Missy just instagrammed it's karma and
oli they're buddies now she's that as
soon as she took the picture and turn on
the vlogging camera he moved so maybe
she'll try and get it again but that is
so freaking adorable I'm dying I can't
believe I'm missing that I would trade
this amazing shrimp burrito to see that
finally at peace
he's doing his little smiles a few
minutes ago - he's so cute I love when
we get to just cuddle it's the best I
just love being a mommy it's just so
amazing
On Dude
stuck in traffic listening to we the
Keynes and you know that there's like a
quiet part right before they go into the
willow I can never time it correctly
watch this
whoa see I'm gonna try again I'm gonna
get it right it's oh it's weird it's
like it's like a long pause before they
get to the whoa here we go right here
whoa whoa damn it
hi baby boy uni key what are you doing
walking around naked in your underwear
huh how would you like if I walked
around in my underwear oh there we go
let's get some clothes on yeah in fact
you probably won't care of it walk
around my underwear cuz he doesn't even
open his eyes long enough to look at me
all day really I'm like you are gonna be
fun tonight I don't yeah hey what is he
wearing
what's this thing let's hang out Oh
hurry put it on him he's turning into a
tomato look how red he is you guys he
could seriously go into like one of
those salads that has tomato I was gonna
make a funny joke about a salad with
tomatoes I don't even know what a salad
is called with tomatoes you are
definitely turning a little bit of red
huh hi boy I missed you hmm Oliver
always chooses to do the cutest things
when I leave my camera upstairs like yo
do we run upstairs get my camera and I
by the time I get back down here
it'll be over just watch his eyes were
open and yeah hiccups and now his eyes
are
but he's hanging out with his Mimi hi OC
hi
he's like the smartest kid ever care
about what you doing
oh it was like is he trying to get
something he says there's something in
there what's in there Carm it's like
he's in there get it do you think we'll
get it no good Cassie geez I can't get
it where are you going
come here oh look see you have a frisbee
is not good enough oh here caramel saw
your fin g4 yeah okay wait I need to set
some stuff down okay oh my gosh you guys
I never sat on this swing because I was
pregnant and I was afraid I would fall
but now I'm not pregnant if I fall it's
okay so maybe I'll sit on it okay ready
first I'll throw this for you oh that
was a bad throw okay we're gonna try and
do this I'm kind of scared
this is pretty flimsy rope ah so scared
I mean it's definitely like wiggling a
lot I definitely don't feel safe if I do
it at least need you Han karma akarma
look out
I know I see I like jumped on that thing
it won't break the one day Oliver is
gonna so much fun on this big area I
really hurts your arms it's all arms
definitely tilting now oh yeah you like
hit your side ah I feel like I just
worked out my whole body we got a
package today from Victoria in Georgia
every time someone says it's something
from Georgia and to say it like that
Georgia maybe they'll be selling Georgia
features in there oh hi I love it when
everything's so Rocklin pretty Karla
already knows their summers and I'm here
for you mm mm so sorry Missy and Bryan
so it's prize really squeaky get a car
get it get it open it open up come on
there you go what is it I'm like the guy
at the birthday party must open the
present look it's open karma you don't
need to care anymore why are you
continuing to make a mess it's a cow and
it's got 16 squeakers Victoria does not
like us apparently and it like it's flat
so maybe you can throw it maybe
oh yeah there's no stuffing it's just
speaker in the head which he'll be sure
to hold that out yeah that'll be off day
one ready okay mama's got Joe cow you
like it boy come on Bri here got your
cow she also got Oliver these Tommee
Tippee pacifiers which are really really
nice I love them so cute and they're
actually like they're the kind that like
are good for teeth and they're good
because they're kind of like almost like
the nipple so they're going off it's
like a glorified fake nipple sure it's
actually pretty convenient cuz he just
started using these yeah it's and
they're really super cute so thank you
so much Victoria we love all your
so it's kind of stares out okay you can
see what like my I was like swelling up
I don't know what's going on I don't
know hopefully doesn't get much bigger
than that that I've had this happen
before
where my eyes just like will randomly
swell up it's usually not because of
anything it just happens but I hope it
doesn't get too big because sometimes it
gets so big that I can't even like open
it that would be awkward and weird
Oliver is doing another diaper change
wait times it is II just hear that
no really when you walked in you said
his name lik dang it I always miss the
good parts um yeah
because these days you have to pee and
poop ridiculous you're like a baby earth
that actually helped um earlier I put
this on him and actually work any peed
in any peed in it in this one ha ha no
no right but it was kind of weird
because it like was kind of deflecting
it but the P is actually shooting so
much that it kind of actually pushed it
off a little so then it started coming
out the size and I was starting to like
freak out so happy you see a knight
named kitty happy why isn't he screaming
he's good happy boy or shell hey anybody
I'm so cute why are you so cute sing it
sing it he's gonna bust out my song
watch it
he's mad cuz I don't have boobs oh I
don't have boobs I don't have boobs I'm
Charlie I'm Charlie I don't have boobs
I'm getting ready for a night bedtime
but I I was gonna put him in this outfit
but it seems to warm like it's like
fleas I never know because like they
don't keep our room very warm it's like
pretty chilly by the same time like that
seems really really warm for a summer
night oh my oh my we are ready for bed
and Brian is doing as for all the
requests on they combat they really
helped actually yeah
I gotta change chalkboard today okay
turn it purple that's so weird
oh it's close a lot of red and blue oh
and it makes purple yeah yeah hold the
camera don't drop him
not gonna drop the baby I love his
outfit what's it got sell boats on it
yeah I did it I finished the chalkboard
are you ready
all right so someone actually suggested
this to me and I saw it glancing
somewhere but I don't remember your name
so I'm really sorry so if this was you
who suggested leave it in the comments
because I want to know who suggested it
but this is what I put on the chalkboard
boom it's a monkey and it says bananas
for ollie
and it's got manners everywhere the
vines everywhere I love the monkey take
you good is it is it a monkey or is that
a chimpanzee I don't know what is that
you guys is that a monkey chimpanzee or
an orangutan orangutan in one minute
serving a team I don't know but he's got
Harry on her either way he's just a
monkey yeah he's a monkey to me there is
my chalkboard drawing
thumbs up if you guys like it cuz I
worked hard on it so cool right I'm
actually this is probably one of the
best ones I've done so far you know what
he needs a name they should the US idiot
I know I mean you guys suggested what we
should draw so you guys should leave
suggestions for what we should name this
guy because he we might see him pop up
all over the place he was really fun to
draw and actually not that hard but yeah
that banana actually speaking I know
doesn't this banana look good you guys
here no excellent smell it smell it okay
look it like it I dare you to look at oh
my gosh I dare you to look at Missy Oh
do it you like it No all right we're
gonna hang it up on the bed you ready
Ollie cut off it's cookin
okay work yay look at it looks there it
is there it is I'm done doesn't show how
long's that gonna last there's a
pregnant belly in our bathroom do you
guys remember this mess he made this we
casted her belly and actually there's a
really cool picture if you go watch all
of us newborn photos the last photo is
really cool and it's him inside the cast
which is something that Missy wanted
like before we even made it have
gathered quite the collection of
ultrasound pictures and I think we were
thinking about like putting them on the
cast somehow and just covering this
whole thing with ultrasound pictures
because we have tons of Oliver and we
don't know how long they're gonna last
so we want to like put them to good use
so if you guys have any suggestions on
how to do that to basically just cover
all of this in ultrasound pictures that
would be appreciated because I think
I'll be like a super fun project for us
tomorrow I'm gonna be spending the day
with my mom because she's not gonna be
here for much longer so I'm gonna be
hanging out in San Diego but you guys
get to hang out with me and Missy and
Ollie because he's going to sleep oh
he's like please no pictures I hate
having days where I leave like all day
cuz I don't get to see him so you have
to send me lots of pictures okay all
right well I guess a good thing is I do
like love when I edit the vlog getting
Missy's camera and getting her footage
and editing it's just so cool I feel
like I was there like yesterday when
karma and Ollie were playing together in
his little rocker that was just the
coolest thing ever but anyway I'm
getting super tired
I got work to do but thank you guys so
much for watching and supporting us and
just being awesome we love you guys and
we'll see you tomorrow bye
what's up
geez so demanding is it really that bad
well now you're freaking me out really
is it really that bad
figure I'd share with you guys my
routine so I go in here
