Billy is it no me oh let's be a little
sour bigoted skinny so far okay look at
how stinky QC is oh you're going to me
what I did
did you really I did guess who's back
back again we is back chill out Fran ha
ha what up guys
I am headed to go shoot it's gonna be a
busy week I got a wedding to shoot later
on lots of stuff for filming now that
we're getting so close to Oliver being
born it's getting harder and harder to
leave like getting out of bed next to my
wife and going to work it's starting to
suck because I want to be there so bad
right now definitely don't want to miss
anything yesterday I got to say you guys
oh man it was so it was it was it was an
interesting array of emotions because we
got a really cool break out of it I mean
not really we still put out a 15-minute
video and we were able to it to talk
about a lot of stuff but we were able to
just sort of like relax and reconnect as
a couple which was really nice and take
a breather and it was it was cool but at
the same time you know we were driving
and we were like
I got a flock and they're like oh no we
already did the book it was so weird
because we were like it's such a part of
our life now good morning everyone
so today we're just got a lot to do we
got the and another NST which I seem to
be doing about every about twice a week
now I'm not really sure if that's going
to continue or not right now I'm just
making the bed but I wanted to talk
about yesterday because that was
definitely something interesting if you
don't know we have been daily vlogging
for six months I think we started in
January like January 15th ish around the
middle of January and what is it like
about July so we've been doing daily
vlogs every single day for six months
straight so you gotta imagine for us to
do a one-take was weird on us too it's
like I know it was like it was different
it was definitely a different kind of
vlog and we're definitely like vlogging
as a part of our life and definitely
interesting when we decided to do it it
was kind of like a spur a moment like
let's just try it out let's see how it
goes and of course after we were done
vlogging it was like well now what now
what do we do it was fun though because
you know I think everyone needs
sometimes a little break like when you
have your phone with you 24/7 and
sometimes you just need to like put your
phone away that's kind of how it was
with the camera like you have your
camera I had this camera is glued to me
if anything happens during the day I
have my camera and we block we vlog all
day long and so to not vlog something as
we were doing it like we went to the
store and we didn't vlog it it was weird
it was definitely very weird and so it
was it was interesting it was it was
definitely nice I will say that I
enjoyed it I'm not sure if it's
something that we're gonna continue to
do or not I guess we just haven't really
decided yet I thought that it went good
and I just want to thank everyone who is
just been supportive we definitely got a
mixed review on it I think but most
people are just so caring and just
saying do what's best for you guys
and I just want to thank you guys
because even if it's not your most
favorite vlog ever we don't expect it to
be your favorite vlog but if you guys to
just be so supportive as to say like do
what's best for you guys and if that's
what makes you know logging a little bit
easier everyone smile and go for it and
so thank you guys so much for just being
supportive I guess I can't make the bed
and talk and vlog because I am pregnant
and I get out of breath really super
easily I just want to say a big thank
you to all you bumpers who were so cool
about it you know we definitely
appreciate it and we got a much needed
break but now y'all back to your regular
scheduled program in one and I'm heading
traffic you guys hear that you hear
what's going on in there emptiness
that's what's going on in there my
stomach's like ground like cray and I
forgot my card so I don't get any food
today I'm really hyper be with you in
you mean a strawberry try it
she's just licking it ha ha ha you see
that face she's making Bailey is it no
me oh must be a little sour oh you're
just the funniest thing ever
look who's cheer CJ and baby baby you
want to go in the basket
well put you in the basket won't take
you upstairs huh what do you think what
is it like barely okay no okay look at
this huge room there's so much more room
for activities huh okay then so much
more room for you to fall down huh are
you do I have to activate you again
doctor ECG did that work okay okay okay
okay okay
you chill out Bailey waves goodbye now
huh Bailey wait bye bye Billy goodbye
bye there you go got something there we
go she did it
you win / oh that's the cutest thing
ever that definitely deserves a thumbs
up you guys bye baby he are currently in
the process of putting gates down here
um basically we have little dogs and
they're just like Barker's and they kind
of just need to be in like one area of
the house so we're putting these out
which will obviously be useful when it's
always here because then we can also be
careful that he doesn't like go up the
stairs or go into anything that we can't
see him so it's kind of nice we got
gates now and everything is coming
together really nicely we were actually
finally starting to work this room off
we still obviously have a ton to do in
here but it's got tons airway you had
like tons of box it was like super crazy
we're starting to get that all together
and we've been getting tons of questions
about hang on lose hair right here are
we going to tons of questions about the
elephant the big huge elephant that was
usually sitting right in our kitchen we
do still have it I'm not sure what we're
doing with it I don't think we're gonna
probably hang it up again we might put
it away or something just because we
don't really have an elephant David we
just kind of did it as like a joke
basically now I'm not really sure where
we put it like food just like sit in our
living room that would be weird
obviously no we're in the kitchen for it
to be really is just kind of a silly
thing that we had kinda hang on mmm one
thing about Kate's is I just make it
impossible to get from wrong room to the
other it's kind of annoying Brian hates
the gate we're headed to the NST
and before we left we decided to kind of
clean up the car a little bit but we
thought this was hilarious I think me
and Brian have a major problem look at
this
these are all of the water bottles just
sitting in the back bar while I was two
three four five six seven eight and I
think it's been stuff under there
it's like yeah we have a problem
definitely like our water bottle you
know what's really funny is before we
left I was searching high and low for a
bottle I know and there's like a billion
right here he is so funny because we're
like o'clock diapering and trying to
like stay there and stuff and then we
have like entire landfill of water
bottles right here bring all those in
and we're gonna reuse them okay
Missy's on her throne like the queen
queen who just gave birth today actually
a boy what do you owe that Queen
Dutchess what if she names him Oliver
though let me crazy
yeah be nuts we did it first we even
have a video to prove it right yeah it's
funny yesterday we noticed that he
actually went down a little like and
it's the same as it was yesterday huh
yeah he's squishy right there when
normally his big old butts right there
but his batmunk down yeah was he moving
right now uh right your voice is
actually making a move really cool he's
moving and she's got a click this little
button which looks like a detonator he
was sure was a button to like debt like
eject him it's time now click so he just
got out of the NST check out the sweet
pic they gave us you see this how did it
I don't understand why
she's like oh there's the hospital isn't
like like what are you looking at
so we are at the cafeteria or tyria of
the hospital this is gonna get birth
back just to check it out and this might
what we have to deal with when Missy's
giving birth what do you think it's got
Sam in babe no salad bar pizza
kind of looks a little old turns out the
cafeteria isn't all that bad I found
this good-looking burger and Missy got
some Queens which she'll probably be
ordering while in labor right so we are
at a tour for Missy's hospital and we
just ran into a bumper right what's your
name Stephanie Stephanie joining any
shoutouts oh my god no this I've never
been on a vlog well it's awesome meeting
you thank you for coming up to us it's
so cool doing a picture you Instagram
okay I just actually ended up finishing
with the hospital tour which was amazing
I again I'm so excited about my midwife
and the entire hospital just the whole
idea everything that they said was like
perfect exactly what I wanted to hear I
just I can't move I didn't like know
about this sooner she just had a really
really great time and that was super
exciting that we met our first bumper
fan in person so yeah now we are here at
home we kind of mentioned it earlier
about how it really seems like he's
dropped a bit and so I'll show you today
I've noticed obviously he has gotten
lower right here but I before I just I
never really believed it because I could
still feel him just really up in my ribs
and just like if so now though look at
this homes if I can literally press in
to my uterus he's not up here anymore
now he does call up here during the
night which is like the most income
being at time from the crawl up there
and much rather being up here during the
day and then during the night go down
because it's just at night that's when
it's the hardest to breathe because I'm
in stuck in one position definitely
staying lower more often so I think that
he's going to start to get more engaged
soon which is really exciting and I can
definitely tell now that he is
definitely dropping my belly is getting
lower which is really cool and someone
said that when you know you're dropping
it's like when you sit like you'll
literally have to express your legs
because your belly just like stinks in
between your legs and that's pretty much
what's happening now so that's kind of
cool I'm really excited
that and I was reading through some of
the comments and a lot of people really
think that the little little mark on my
belly looks like an infinity sign which
is really funny I'm a lot some people
have had some really funny um
ones that they think that it looks like
do you guys remember we went to Ikea the
other day and I actually ended up buying
a backpack and a bar of chocolate this
dark chocolate Abba cube into the fridge
and it's actually pretty good
great good burger mmm but it's pretty
good I don't know if it's really like
Swedish chocolate I think it's really
from Sweden I know it says choc a lot
more and someone says I was totally
butchering that so if you actually know
how it's pronounced try and let me know
in the comments cuz that's choc glad
mark more I don't you look like you're
doing baby yoga I'm stretching my hips
do your hips lie cuz I have so live out
on the Rockies all that thought I know
you had an edge here thank you
Shakira Shakira Missy had that as a
ringtone in high school like for two
years straight
well when I said something on my phone I
like never change it like especially
when I kind of like wallpapers and stuff
once it's there I literally don't even
didn't know already Missy did a video
with Mama natural that's Mama natural
and it is up on her Channel right now so
go check it out it's in the description
we worked super hard on it and we hope
you guys like it and we also did put a
video we what we shot up video for Mama
Naturals channel also so go check that
out I'll have both videos linked below
and if you guys are subscribe to Mama
natural then you should because there's
probably going to be a lot more projects
coming up with Missy they mentioned
coming down to visit which would be
really cool because they have a little
boy - Anne Griffin and we have another
collab coming up so that's really
exciting it's just cool getting to like
work with other youtubers you know like
a lot of things I need like videos yeah
and that thing right there is about to
come out yeah it's weird heart like I
now it's squishy it's squishy
it's so weird feeling and but it's
really fun like I like that I can be
that was really all you guys missed
yesterday was I sitting on the couch
going why is your belly squishy anyway
I'm gonna go ahead and the blog when I
hope you guys all had a fantastic day
and I hope you have a fantastic night
and I hope you have a fantastic morning
and then go watch us again cuz we're
gonna do this again tomorrow right
yeah everyone always gets nervous when I
ask are we blogging tomorrow yeah we're
vlogging tomorrow so we'll see you guys
then Bart this might be a little weird
you guys but you're gonna be uh negative
today like for realsies
so you guys don't know one take Sunday I
see a lot of other bloggers do this cut
actually you take Sunday as a day to do
a vlog and make it like a normal length
time and the unedited so I'm never going
to edit this vlog you're going to see
everything as it is right now
