hey guys don't freak out but we're doing
something a little different today it's
Sunday we've seen a lot of other
vloggers do this and so we're gonna try
and just experiment and see what happens
and don't freak out but we're gonna have
some fun with this and we are gonna do
the very first daily bumps official one
take Sunday big effects you know so far
okay what's your hell speaking QPS oh
we're going to name what God I did did
you really I did okay so this might be a
little weird you guys but we are gonna
be unedited today like for realsies so
you guys don't know one takes Sunday um
I've seen a lot of other vloggers do
this but essentially you take Sunday as
a day to do a vlog and make it like a
normal length time and be unedited so
I'm never going to edit this vlog you're
gonna see everything as it is right now
which is a little interesting because
we're always I mean we're no is not on
the a game when it comes to talking or
speaking or even like being in front of
the camera so especially Missy would I
talk sometimes I will literally forget a
word and I'll be like what's that word
and sometimes I'm sitting there vlogging
holding the camera as I'm trying to
remember the word and you never see that
that part out and I look like a weirdo
but yeah sometimes I just forget words
yeah Missy's very forgetful when it
comes to words or even like what she's
talking about she'll start talking about
something and then doing something else
and never really elaborate or and or I
switched the word with something else
like just totally randomly yeah yeah all
the time and it's things that are like
really like the really important part of
this important word I will
completely forget though yeah but you
know what I just realized we need a
thumbnail we need a thumbnail for
today's video
karma come on come here hi camera boy
come on hey do you have your camera so
we can take us down now okay we gotta
take him thumb up high cub oh he wants
to give me hugs too much to give me
heart
Podcast body let's do can you be able to
get up here okay good come on boy get me
come on wait maybe we should move the
backups again move that maybe move the
nice framed picture of us that's Missy
and I at a Christmas tree lighting
ceremony in downtown bodo which is Boise
Idaho you guys don't know okay okay okay
okay come on go okay oh yeah I did it I
did he pee a little
I think you might a Peter Oh God okay
let's maybe right over here so you can
see and then we're gonna grab this
camera come on look there yeah I'm so
scared is this gonna work okay Lizzie
what does it look like what does it look
like Oh No hey we got to be centered
come on there's a reason why I'm the
photographer okay I'll be a vlogger you
be the photographer diggin-in
like what is going on guys this is
messed up okay hold that aint you get me
in a picture to Karma
no I didn't work one more time come on
you just not being very poor Jack were
you to say things I follow oh yeah
ball hey let's get a little way okay
ball that's pretty cool now that'll work
okay there's our girl curry did so good
now we have to clean that this is
disgusting oh really
I was very hairy and actually he's
totally do for uh no she's like good
what good is it if you guys don't know
you can spell now so we we don't say the
word but if you say if you spell it he
even gets scared oh come on it might be
time come here also this oh these are
parts I could edit it out of the vodka
is karma being unruly and oh yeah oh
okay yeah we just wants to give me he's
don't get high karma it might be time
for a BA thk oh I saw him poking in and
out of cheese good so actually I wanted
to show you guys something I I have oh
my gosh I'm wearing a shirt that has
paint on it that's funny
um this is the one I painted all over
his first nursery in anyways um someone
mentioned a few weeks ago that the
little mark between my belly button and
my belly button piercing looks like a
hark hair Brian Holden all right I need
you guys to tell me and sometimes it
does look like a heart this little the
white spot yeah like it look you know
what it kind of looks like a butterfly
kinda looks like a little puppy dog
I don't know it's very weird it's so
weird I don't think this I don't know
what this is exactly if it's a stretch
mark or yeah a bruise
I don't know what it is but tell me what
you guys think it is if you think it's a
what cruise stretch mark deformity
disease cancer yeah that's not frequency
out yeah
how are you want to treat how are you -
we had a subscriber and awesome
subscriber send a cease yesterday and
they are beep flavor and do you guys
remember when I tried one of Karma's dog
treats well yeah I'm not trying this
thing what are you crazy
come on you guys did you head out of the
gutter okay come here or whoa whoa okay
lay down and roll over hand roll over
hand roll over and roll over hey let's
move this moving this dog this is
something we would have betted it out is
this awesome you guys thumbs up if
you're liking the one takes Sunday so
far because this is really fun okay hang
on hang on okay lay down roll over roll
up roll up roll over roll over
yeah you did it yeah that was so good
boy you did so good camera boy he's like
uh can I use that one okay please get
more always needs more yeah then let's
put this back um so right now right now
hang on a second right now um I was
watching this last night
but we have Hunger Games on okay and I'm
a huge Hunger Games fan let me know if
you guys are on your Games fan but Missy
not so much I loved the movies I just
haven't been able to read the books yeah
and she the new trailer for it came out
yesterday for the new Hunger Games movie
and she watched it and she was like ah I
need to read the books but I don't I
think she needs motivation so you guys
should motivate here on the
to read Hunger Games those are so good
and the movies are so good I also really
want to read my birthing uh those are
important right now you're gonna give
birth no matter what Hunger Games I'm
just kidding that was a joke I probably
would have ate that out and you thought
yourself ow and you sound like me yeah
um we did have something kind of serious
we want to talk to you guys about and
that is the whole uh present situation
and let me just say Missy and I love
getting presents from you guys and we
totally appreciate it and we love being
able to like show what we got and thank
you guys individually because it's like
it means so much to us we never thought
that people would be sending us presents
and gifts and where people would want
all over to have something and so that's
like something that's huge for us and we
like appreciate it from the bottom of
our hearts for real
thank you guys love just being able to
show it off and show off our reactions
because they're so low they're always
just so generous like yeah what you're
getting us whether it's just a card or a
letter like it's just so generous to go
out of your way write something down
about how much you care about us and
then send it to us I mean you literally
took the time out of your day to do that
and it's amazing yeah but we've noticed
some people have been leaving comments
talking about maybe doing it separately
or something but we want to know what
you guys think because you know at this
point we're getting a lot of packages
and other youtubers around this point
would probably be closing their p.o box
and our peel box actually expires in
another month so we'd have to make that
decision of whether we want to pay to
keep it open or close it and you know
say thank you to everyone who wants to
send us presents but we're just not
accepting anything at this time and tell
us what you guys think because we don't
want people 1 to I don't know it's just
it's an awkward situation for us you
know like we appreciate it all but at
the same time like we don't want our
entire vlog to be filled with just
opening presents because you know like
bf versus GF they have to do a vlog
every single month of just opening
presents and they don't even open any of
them you know what I mean like or they
don't open all of them so like if we
were to get to that point are literally
our
tire vlog would be just opening presents
and we don't want to be about that
because this is about making memories
for miss ena you know yeah we want to
make the videos be real and although
this is real life for us we do receive
presents and we want to thank you guys
so much for them but other viewers are
kind of starting to feel like it's just
not real enough from the open presents
and so it's or they feel left out
because they don't send us presents and
we don't expect anyone to send this
presence of course not and most people
don't and there's that small majority
that just honestly feel like they love
us so much and they want to bless us in
some way and that's the way they want to
bless us and we are so thankful you guys
have literally like decorated his room
for us yeah provided every cost diaper
everything that I could possibly need
from him has been given to me from
subscribers that just love us so much
and it's just been a huge huge blessing
for us and so we don't want to make it
seem like we're not thankful for that
because we are so thankful we can't
imagine like it's just amazing
yeah so definitely let us know what you
guys think about that it's kind of like
a more serious thing but we need to know
what you guys think because we want to
make every single subscriber out there
happy and I know that's really hard to
do but we're gonna attempt it I did want
to show you guys the one takes Sunday
wasn't just our idea wait it was up here
oh okay so my camera just died but note
like we actually figured it out like as
soon as it died and so now we're
recording in so you guys did miss
anything so that's the only edit you'll
see unless we go over 20 minutes which I
doubt will do but I wanted to show you
guys something missed Paco six actually
said and we have to vit focus let's
focus this is something that I deaded
out also you guys should totally pick a
day for one take video give yourself a
break not that I want too much less but
just to catch up on your sleep or
whatever one's baby Oliver is here and
then I put it back to me in the camera
so focus it does smile dissection is it
focus yeah boom so yeah definitely we're
gonna get some more sleep we're gonna
get a little break today which we
totally appreciate so thumbs up for more
sleep because we definitely need it
because Oliver's gonna be here soon and
you're so Sonam so excited I cannot wait
everything's gonna change
are you ready are you ready I'm ready
are you ready are you ready I'm ready if
you're ready come are you ready
right there karma you ready already yes
please yes please I'm weddy any brother
um oh and one last thing before we go um
we set it in Missy's bump date but I'm
actually editing that right now actually
I'm editing mama natural collab try and
guess what this scene is about it's kind
of funny you can might see a little bit
of drool coming out of my mouth but I'm
actually editing this in Missy's bump
date but we did set up a baby pool so
you guys have actually do predictions
about baby Olli and you can guess like
his weight his length the his due date
um hair eyes was there anything else I
think that's it I think that's
everything
yeah and so we put that up last night so
we'll put a link in the description
below so you guys can check it out and
make your predictions but so many people
have already made prediction we already
have 132 it's just so cool I'm surprised
by some of these prediction I know a lot
of people think he's gonna have brown
hair blue eyes most of the people think
he's gonna be due on the 8th 8 are not
the 8th but yeah August 8th oh wow yeah
so that's pretty far out that's does
that's in Tukwila probably those nuns
are that's our lucky number
August 8th that's our anniversary so
that would be really crazy really fun
too yeah but definitely go leave your
guys's predictions and we'll put a link
in the description so you guys can do
that but that's basically the end of one
take Sunday so please let us know what
you guys think and obviously if Missy
goes into labor I'm gonna turn on the
camera and it's going to resume into a
normal day but we really kind of just
needed to chill a little bit today so
definitely thank you guys so much for
you know think of letting us do that
like that's really cool and um yeah I
don't know anything else missing come on
take Sunday we got my
Shaytards are always like what a Sunday
yeah what do you want say what do you
wanna say one thing sunny go I don't
know um thank you guys for supporting us
come on Carlos gotta say goodbye
come here sit boy there's been a hyper
morning good bye guys we'll see you
later
so tomorrow's vlog is gonna be a normal
blog and it's gonna be a super busy
crazy awesome day so don't forget to
match uh oh and some people actually
don't know but you can subscribe to text
alerts on your phone it's in the
description below it's only available
people in the US right now but if you
put in your number then they send you a
text every morning that has the title of
vlog the thumbnail of the vlog and the
link to you can click it and go to watch
it so a lot of people actually love that
feature so definitely go check that out
link is in the description hang on I'm
sorry date should be up so check it out
check check check check in you like oh
yeah alright guys thank you for watching
and as always um you know you're
normally scheduled programming will
resume tomorrow bar ah yeah back to life
so much more Runa fly
