I also makes monkey faces he does he's
like baby boy hi baby
new amazing things good morning everyone
so we got up a little bit late today
because we had we didn't have a terrible
night it was actually pretty far like
pretty good but he did um when he does
wake up like he'll eat pretty decently
and then afterwards he just wants to be
awake and he's not crying anything it's
just like looking around and doing that
so we were kind of up a little bit so we
slept in and now his mom and his aunt is
actually going to be here very very soon
Cassie actually got him dressed today
and again she puts on him my aunt is the
best he wanted it it just seemed that
the one he picked out yes this office
yeah but then afterwards he did do a
little spit-up on it yeah we're just
getting ready we're gonna go to lunch
with him and then he actually has a
pediatrician visit today which again I'm
really excited about because I just want
to hear his stats I want to know how
much weight he's gained and all that and
make sure he's still healthy healthy
healthy good morning guys I have way
high carb I gotta grab our wet bag we
have cloth diapers that are just
literally stacking up because we the wet
bag was dirty so now it's good strike
yeah but I did not feel good last night
I was so sick and it was like throwing
up sick it was like the other kind of
sick so I can quarantine myself on the
couch all night you know means our mouth
or frisbee I know it's early you ready
okay oh no oh crap Missy's gonna kill me
oh no this is like our worst nightmare
oh my gosh that was not planned at all
you guys holy moly
there are diapers everywhere ah crap
crap crap crap crap okay okay
that's okay it's okay they're clean
they're clean they're clean they're
clean barely touch the ground you know
it's the earth it's natural you know
where we do things organic and natural
and that's why it's okay if they touch
the grass ding it
huh karma come on why'd you do that you
give me in so much trouble
okay let's put all these back on here
just like so not really sure how she did
it
I feel very stupid that it was me who
kind of initiated it because I threw the
frisbee she yeah this is our night and
our day yesterday too but also our night
last night we just have been stacking
them all up on the can that we put the
diapers in so now that I have the diaper
bag I can actually put them in and clean
up this mess
yeah it's not very fun as soon as I
ended the last clip
Oliver chose to throw up all over his
outfit and Oliver is auntie like
literally kind of a little bit in her
mouth oh I think I eat my chance so now
he's wearing a really fancy outfit look
good outfit Oh classy any cute anybody
and it's looking snazzy this look his
new Z huh
but brushing his hair getting his hair
all fancy look at that you can actually
mold it I know it actually moves this
shirt kind of looks like something that
dwight schroot would wear Missy auntie
Cassie has decided that Oliver should
hold his brush sure no funny
good you brushed your hair it's so good
like a spaceship baby it's like a guy
god okay yeah you're good delicious
Multi cinnamon roll Mason I got a split
a cinnamon roll just cuz I don't know I
don't want to get a full one and then
have my body be all mad at me again cuz
I was not fun last night Oliver you have
visitors at the door open the door say
who is it who's there good morning
is he so little hard though my god
you're right the camera doesn't an
engine dining uh he's painting my mom
got it's like a huge package with all
like a ton of goodies and look at it she
got me the iPod shirt well she got
Oliver the iPod shirt that is so funny I
said oh that's definite and then she
also got this one which is very very
true I'm not funny babe oh my gosh this
is so cool though mom I know ah where'd
you find that
let me that's so cool and then look at
this one so you can look all classy yeah
that's so cool mom thank you
Wow my mom got Oliver his first pair of
Converse that's a big deal mom Nikki
they are just so cute
Wow good job mom give his son we had so
much better to Swami
hello beautiful looking for food hungry
oh he's going through a growth spurt
right now oh he smell good he smells
like a baby should smell like a baby so
we are headed to Olive Garden and always
first to a place good Oliver garden he's
actually eating a lot of chicken oke
soup no hit there my milk well yeah and
when you were pregnant oh yeah this
favorite meal so here we go I'm a little
paranoid he's good he's actually covered
there is his first trip to Olive Garden
and he's got to be covered in City
here and no touching I see I'm a little
bit of a pair I'm a little paranoid
right now but hopefully he'll be good
he's gonna have some yummy chicken okay
betta later oh yeah you having an
awesome lunch with my mom and my aunt
and all good and still sleeping huh yeah
forget him
we don't want to wake him stop him bye
bye bye baby to get a couple things and
look at we still get special parking
parents with new ones Booya
I knew this kid would come in handy bye
my baby has this awesome feeding room
look at this you guys it's like a little
nursery
it's even got a changing place and
chairs this little guy's hungry hey
buddy you want some food these are so
cool - look at these you guys little
cars yeah so we are currently at byebye
baby eats this really really cool huge a
store that sells lots of baby stuff and
he was starving so we are actually
feeding and a little boy was so cute
first thing I noticed was the monkey on
the wall but it's just such a cute mom
and like I'm almost really comfortable
chair I think they're trying to sell me
the chair it might be working we're
getting a bunch of things that may seem
ninis well Missy feeds and we got our
Pam well they're not bamboo bees but
they're organic washing pads it's weird
that my by baby doesn't have bamboo bees
the other six in there we'll see how if
she needs more we have pretty much
everything there just a few things that
we still need we're just eating and
trying to get some energy back for him
so we can well more like trying to get
him to go back to sleep so we can shop a
little bit and then go to his
appointment he's pooping up his phone
right now look oh we just found you guys
PPT piece because every time we change
him he just we have to put like a huge
diaper over him because he just loves
the PS huh and I know you're aiming for
the face you haven't got it yet but I
know you're aiming for it mom he is
totally loving grandma time right now
you see that totally loving damn time
right now he's so precious he loves you
I'm actually now in the front seat I got
my wife back and guys but I don't know
how icing last I'm feeling a little
anxious being up here or not next
and I'm actually sitting up here because
we will actually Brian's mom it just got
us a mirror so we can see him and if you
can't tell he actually is wearing the
most adorable sunglasses ever we just
got a package from Christina thank you
so much they're so stinking adorable
he's just wearing these white like
sunglasses I think they're almost look
like Ray Bans man yeah
they kind of look like Brian's but I
think I like wayfarers except their way
yeah you're so cute and so now I can
actually see him in his mirror back
there and it's really nice and there's
actually a remote we need to get
batteries but I can easily just press
like music or lights or stuff like that
so that he can like be entertained if
he's like fussing and stuff I'm like so
excited about both the mirror and a song
I guess I'm for you got seven for he's
75 he's getting big gained a whole pound
that what they said about a panic he
missed six eight right six eight so yeah
almost a pound okay it's getting so big
huh buddy
you guys can see his eyes super good
right now look how big they are
he's having his eyes are open right now
he's like mom will you please finish
cleaning me he's all fresh and clean now
a little bug genius so we just left his
appointment which it went so great I'm
so happy about why are you back there
again
oh wow this was just a habit yep anyways
I'm everything really great he um it's
officially seven
announces which I feel super great about
because you know you can't help even
though you know he's really good at
eating it just you know you can't help
but worry like what if he's not gaming
or whatever and so it feels good that
only after like eleven days since his
last appointment he's almost gained an
entire pound it's just like really
exciting that he's just getting so much
bigger right now I am in a lot of pain I
always said my incision is hurting
really bad like almost burning it feels
like it's like gonna tear apart or
something and I'm starting to get
nervous so I had to call my midwife and
waiting for her to give me a call back
but
nervous about it because it's really
really painful and it hasn't been that
this painful at all hopefully it's not a
big deal because that thing is I don't
want to be on any kind of medication and
I'm nursing it's just like it just
sounds like a big pain in the butt so I
really hope that you know they'll just
tell me that it's normal someday I don't
know I guess we'll just see Elizabeth in
Florida sent us this huge package today
and we're going through it and there's
just so much cool stuff for baby Olli
look at all this monkey stuff pink it
that's so cool
Sun Shade which we needed some really
amazing books like dr. Seuss ABC M is
for monkey one of my personal favorites
The Very Hungry Caterpillar I totally
remember this book you guys remember
this reading this this is like so cool
this is so awesome thank you we're still
going through your package but thank you
so much and look at she even got this
awesome
little monkey and you pull its tail like
so I feel like I'm like I just buy
elating the monkey we pull the tail and
it plays music exactly what I wanted oh
you're looking you like this monkey you
guys jim says they look alike they got
the puffy cheeks uh-huh
the dark skin the big ol ears let me
look at those ears you guys I mean come
on I can't can't deny that she also
makes monkey faces
he does he's like Missy is setting up a
picture with baby Halle for her
Instagram just to thank everyone who
sent us like all these amazing things
okay okay I'm so good you're good buddy
look at this kid oh my gosh we but we
laid out everything that we've received
since baby Ollie's got hit look he's one
spoiled little kid but she's gonna send
out an Instagram just to thank everyone
because this is a lot you guys are
amazing like so cool it's so cool I know
everyone loves him so much why redo that
he's a spoiled little you too baby
ah what my phone died oh no okay give me
your phone
it's cuz of all that candy crushing you
did you know that right do any cake
I saw what really then what was that
sound when we were at the pediatricians
point yeah I turned it all over within
five minutes I may not be able to enjoy
my excitement with me but Oliver has now
eaten for 18 minutes that is like a lot
for him he's usually like a 10-minute er
18 minutes is like really good and he
still still go in his house also I did
call my midwife and she just basically
said like if I'm having a fever if I
take medication and it still doesn't go
away like ibuprofen or something then it
would be something to be concerned about
I think I was just having a lot of pinks
I just did more than I usually do I
think I'm okay and I took some ibuprofen
and I actually feel better so yeah I
guess in yesterday's vlog people got a
good view of Oliver's name which is not
liver shame on you guys
shame on you for calling my son liver
there was like so many comments calling
my son liver his name is Oliver come on
you guys come on
but that's pretty funny actually and I
totally forgot that the oaf l and I need
to fix it
getting it was kind of funny I mean it
was kind of a fail on my part there I
did now it says Oliver so if you're
calling my son liver you just look like
a fool GC and Minos look at this little
guy he seriously looks like a doll Missy
he looks fake he could totally be like a
reborn doll
you know those reborn dolls they have
he's just so peaceful
report on the camera and was looking at
him current so I like gay on sight
yeah coño freaks out when we hit record
high karma you got your octopus okay now
go get your Gator go get your Gator your
Gator boy right there skit
good boy bring it here yeah bring it
here that's your Gator good job let me
have it let me have it let me have it
maybe he's like oh no you can't just
bring me something hanging you got a
plug
total war with me Oh squirrel ha one we
seriously love this little monkey that
we got though today and I told you I
kind of feel like I'm violating it at
the pool Attell and then it plays all of
our likes it too though Oliver actually
likes lullabies which is pretty cool
because you can put them on and it keeps
him cool and calm this could be a little
monkey friend we did a Twitter Q&A which
was super fun today
got to talk to a lot of really cool
people
Jonathan Joe Lee actually tweeted me and
said that Oliver's gonna need a friend
soon right do you need a friend you need
a little friendliest friend that was
really cool congratulations to you guys
ana ciccone and Jonathan Jolie that's so
cool that you guys are expecting again
and I can't wait to find out if it's a
little boy or a little girl who thinks
that we should shoot their gender reveal
video I mean you saw ours right
you guys should tell them fly us out to
Ireland that'd be so cool Oliver would
get to meet Amelia and they'd be best
friends huh maybe the best friend ever
he is cranky and his mom just walked out
the door and she's got the boobs and
that's what helps this okay anyway I
hope you guys had a fantastic day as
always we will see you tomorrow buddy
hey there hi hi just got really excited
our Tiger hi hi there
all right we're going off-road you guys
you ready Olly bring oh it's actually
very tough to push imagine that Brian is
headed back to the car because the Forks
that we worked so hard to get we
couldn't find any Forks in the store
