good morning karma hi boy
good morning did you sleep good did you
have good dreams did you dream about
your ball or the park do you dream about
squirrels did you dream
oh you're winking at me hi Carla hi boy
biggis I've seen it so far okay look at
how stinky poopy is oh you're going to
what I did
did you really I did he gets really mad
in this room because if you guys don't
know in the old room he was able to just
push the door open and leave every time
but now the door opens this way and so
he like sits at it and cries Hong Kong
so this is him all morning he's like
come on here we go here we go please can
we go can we go you'd open the door ray
are you get open the door
come on alright mother Oh just kidding
please why do you have to trick me honk
arm kick off Missy's all strapped up
again she look at your pants she had to
pull your pants although we have to hold
the monitor on but baby's doing really
good basically this is when his heart
rate accelerates and as long as it's in
conjunction with his moves okay he like
moves a ton it's insane
there are a few little contractions
they're not any real pain no you make
this look good it's just going up and
down oh whoa
do you guys see that it's like pulsating
I swear it's him moving yeah so it for
real yeah bend down it's like your
belly's like breathing that's weird
though it's got to be him like maybe
practicing breathing so it's chest going
yeah that was really cool in the
ultrasound last time they like showed
him like actually practicing to breathe
and stuff I can't get over your pants it
just that's funny
very breathes in breathe
good so that could have been the
movement we saw yeah I'm sure what I
could feel it there isn't any other goes
back into a soldier well I think so yeah
a little bit you sees a little chest
going up and down it's so cool in the
meat does it look like you have big lips
well they all do
okay they have pretty big lips Holly all
what yeah big stretch Oh big stretch
oh wow you are really good
moving a lot get away from me you cannot
escape just got done with the Dennis T
and it went really super good everything
is great and looking awesome so that is
good and now we are actually going to go
to Ikea because we actually have never
been to Ikea someone said that they have
a really big clothesline there and I
really I really just want to check it
out Kia here it's like amazing and kind
of like cheap and they have a lot of
really cool stuff so I'm super
interested in how yeah this is like our
first trip to Ikea this could be really
interesting yeah this might be like a
big deal you might go crazy she was
dying of hunger literally starving to
death so we stopped at this Chinese face
delicious are those orange noodles why
they orange that always freaked me out
um no it's chumming I got a root beer
I'm not that hungry but root beer sounds
really good if I had a dad this is the
root beer he'd make
we found it look how big it is you guys
goes all the way down here we're doing
it guys we're going in first time to
Ikea wish us luck thumbs up if you guys
love IKEA I don't know if it's like a
really big store or what but we're doing
it I don't know if it is it all over the
world do you think so
it's like it's yeah it's a little
intimidating yes they even have a
cafeteria you could eat here babe
you get to get some Swedish meatballs at
IKEA okay look at this cool little room
they set up like these little rooms here
oh my gosh it's a carrot basically they
set up the whole room and there's even a
chalkboard it's so cool
sit on the loveseat we even put a
blanket out for you this couch is really
comfy this is like a whole mini
apartment in here you guys is like a
living room kitchen ah babe the waters
broke now I got to call the plumber
dang it I'm gonna make some food in the
microwave oh babe the microwaves broken
now we got to call the electrician I'll
just get something to drink from the oh
babe it's not even cold you got to call
the fridge repairman that's from 500
days is over come on at some point you
just feel like you're snooping into
someone else's house like you just
walked into this house and they just
started playing Monopoly you know
I don't think we can play all the pieces
are gone you can work on the computer I
know what is that come on
they could at least do fake max grab a
good book skimming Skagen Linden OOP
Louise are these all Swedish are these
all Swedish books I think they are
missing I just found the most
comfortable bedding ever I really I
seriously want this in my life you guys
this is so nice it's like down and so
cool that's a cool bed too this is a
simple little cool frame babe we found
the mattress area they haven't taken now
we are on a memory foam Sultan Finnick
only 349 babe we need new beds so that
we're still sleeping on the mattresses
we got when we were like 17 oh they're
still in the mattresses that we got when
we were 17 and from Craigslist for $25
yeah we really need to invest in better
mattresses you're now entering the
children's section this could be the
death of us you guys this is really cool
though how bright and colorful it is
look at this bedroom oh my gosh
I won't oliver to have this bedroom this
is so cool like what is this this is fun
this just cuz just a little leaf thing
we found backpacks and coincidentally my
backpack just tore and I can't take a
torn backpack to work or to the hospital
right right
so I really actually like this backpack
it's really comfy and it's only $23 what
do you think babe check it it she's only
saying that because she wants me to buy
our ice cream later right put that in
your hand and now look at it and look
really sad
perfect Bella impression am i right so
this is where you pick up your furniture
see how like how they try and do things
as flat as possible so it takes up less
space that's crazy huh
the Swedes are like crazy about flat
flat stuff I guess so so cool comment if
you're from Sweden or your Swedish or
anything cuz this is really interesting
say bye IKEA bye okay so I got my cool
backpack and I also got a dark chocolate
bar this is from Sweden you guys look at
Chaka log mork what does that mean dark
chocolate means dark chocolate
definitely it just kind of a different
experience you know now we can cross it
off our list you totally have a claw
machine
so awesome
come on mama big money go for the duck
oh there's a monkey place on the edge
you won't get him Oh pop it up yeah that
will work
oh I just I ran out of hand here at that
time and you can't win with that stuff
if he doesn't close down then it closes
when it broke it's brought up and we
can't win oh it cheated you miss he did
so good walking through the entire IKEA
we walked through the entire thing so he
had to get her some ice cream is about
two miles yeah I honestly didn't you
were gonna last do the whole thing me
either
I may just go into labor we're almost
home but I wanted to show you guys we
just got into my smart water cuz we're
like addicted to smart water and it has
another toad in it green is totally sexy
in our scrapbook that someone made for
us it says it's totally cute with a
little frog it's so cute we're totally
addicted though to smart water we really
need to stop by and you're totally tired
of driving
yeah totally tired I already said on
them are you so tired of driving I'm
just tired
you're totally pregnant I'm totally
pregnant my mom got karma a soft this is
so pretty
does it work good cos oh yeah if Y is so
good sonic discs he's like tired right
nothing
oh so cool it'll probably better like
slobber wise - yeah it'll like soak it
up almost Nina no one cares
he always prefers the ball over the
frisbee but maybe this will make him
like the frisbee more whoo you guys
ready for this who wants to be in an
Instagram picture with me whoo let's
take an Instagram picture with me while
you all are because you're all in this
little tie the bakbox and now I'm gonna
take an Instagram with you guys are you
ready how do I I'm like war I don't even
know what to do anymore it's a grand man
oh did it uh good job you guys
you're all on my Instagram now so now
you should go to my Instagram in the
description below and check it out and
click the like button what filter do I
use quick what filter do I use you guys
are slow you're probably not gonna
answer this for like another 14 hours
which one do I choose oh that one's good
Walden's always good we just took a
picture on Instagram here it is and we
have a yeah this is an Instagram
screensaver so all our instagrams just
kind of show up on our thing and it like
flipster them as we take them yeah so
we're waiting to see how long it takes
for the one that's big wait where is it
do you see it so we're waiting to see
how long it takes to actually show up
cuz we like to spend our time wisely you
guys yes there it is there it is you
guys it showed up Oh for barely like one
second don't know if you guys remember
when I picked out this outfit a few
months ago and I bought this shirt but
look at this now I cannot wear it
anymore it literally shows my belly
thought that when you were pregnant I
know and now your belly okay so yeah
that just explains how much is not
fitting me even these shirts that I
bought when pregnant now don't fit me
since it this isn't good we are hanging
out at the well got all dark hot tub I
almost had pool table I don't know what
I'm thinking this chair limb bTW if you
guys don't know her Missy's cousin and I
just saw the comment you left on my
Instagram
I left this really annoying Instagram
video of me playing with karma come on
it's so funny
Ellen also is a huge VB fan am i right
yes Big Brother how do you like this
season
crazy right is this like the best season
ever
Missy hates Tina Marie frickin annoying
who do you love I love Amanda yeah
McCrea is like hilarious I love when she
was like we can live together and you
need to get a job he's like a pizza
delivery boy all right guys we just got
back from the hot tub and it was so nice
and relaxing but now it's getting late
so I'm gonna end the vlog you said all
this really fun amazing stuff coming up
and Missy's about to have a baby thank
you guys just so much you know for being
along for our journey and we're having
fun and we just appreciate all you guys
and we read through all your comments
and we just love you guys thanks for
watching I hope you guys had a fantastic
sad door now tomorrow's gonna be
Saturday for us so it's like you had
your Saturday we get to have our
Saturday cuz we're like a day behind
it's so weird that we're a day behind it
like really just sometimes I'm like wait
what day is it for you guys when it's
literally just a day behind so it's like
I'm talking to you from the past I hope
you guys have a good night and we will
see you tomorrow like always cuz we're
daily vloggers and we vlog every single
day and you guys watch us and it's
really cool and we just appreciate you
and we see you later bye are you okay
did your water just spray
there's a PDS a ganache what's he doing
keep eating the livery go go go ah
that's me ha ha did it go
Siri
