go ah nice to me he touched me he's
chasing me big offense you know so far
okay we'll get he'll speaking shoot he
is there you go
oh we were going to me what you want I
did did you really I did morning guys
good morning karma look he's already out
of here let's play ball
you want a ball I am gonna make some
breakfast and if you guys don't know
there was this cool little show on
Showtime called weeds I think it ended
like last year and on the show in the
first episode they made these things
called pizza eggs and I've always
wondered what they were so you know I
looked in the fridge today and we had
pizza and we have eggs so I'm a mom
yeah see what happens so this is
everything the recipe entails and karma
I'm vlogging here this is everything the
recipe entails and I'll actually put a
link in the description if this actually
turns out good but you take pizza and
you're chop it all up two eggs
some butter red pepper flakes Parmesan
cheese oh and some cream cheese too I
don't know about this you guys alright
my eggs are all scrambled and I'm gonna
test my Pisa in there and then there's
no fix it all up I also threw in some
red pepper flakes a little bit of cream
cheese eggs Pizza eggs are done and they
look very interesting and it looked that
good in the picture on the blog either
so let's check this out you're ready
guys you guys ready for this house you
expect it taste like eggs and pizza it's
actually pretty good though
I think that I don't ever cook my eggs
with cream cheese and that's really good
too I'll put a link in the description
though so you guys can check it out
because it's pretty good
I'm also on day two of this nasty
emergencies I'm still sick this morning
I am in the process of getting all of
Oliver's clothes and blankets and towels
and everything washed and cleaned and
just kind of still organizing all of
that um so like I'm constantly like
organizing but I think I'm just you know
nesting and so I have to I just want to
get everything done everything washed
and taken care of as soon as possible
and so I've got time so many blankets
that it's like ridiculous
I'm definitely turning a lot of these I
have a lot of receiving blankets
returning a lot of those into cloth
wipes I don't know
how many more I need I have like a lot
right now here all just receiving
blankets I mean I've got 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4
5 6 7 8 9 10 out 11 receiving blankets
so I feel like I can definitely turn a
lot of these in the cloth wipes I'm
gonna try and sew them so they're like a
little bit nicer than just like cut up
so we'll see if I get that done
I really am feeling really good about
being prepared I just want to get
everything in a spa and organized and
stuff before he gets here and it washed
and all that we have a bit of trash here
right here a bit and I thought maybe the
easiest way to get it down the stairs
would be to use our little pulley thing
or you can just throw it right people
are sleeping home high individual writer
y'all look careful I told you to get
stuff Missy thinks that's easier but not
really come on
hey that was like two boxes just throw
them to me and I'll catch them just yeah
throw right you're here that's fine
oh okay good we're good got it
oh okay okay Oh 4 2 over 2 that's okay
what are you doing jeez throw something
in that back covers like a these people
supposed to be adults okay okay good
we're good I am making us some French
bread pizzas and macaroni and cheese I
mean what what better is not what better
is not what's better than that Bryan
always makes me put this buffalo soft
sauce on it's so gross I hate doing it
but he is obsessed with this it's just
just weird you want Seong as pizza I
just never heard of that before
and I'm also about to switch some more
laundry around Oh
you gotta come here with me okay just
like so yesterday I was at Target
actually purchased a drying rack because
I don't know if you guys knew but in our
old house our back yard was quite small
and because it was so small the dogs
just kind of took over it and it wasn't
really an area that I would like to go
back there and you know spend time in so
now I have a drying rack that I can
actually just hang stuff on and dry
because it's so nice out
and I definitely plan to use this for
all my cloth diapers and stuff but I
have a ton more stuff in the dryer but
these are just a couple blankets that I
didn't want to get ruined in the dryer
so I'm going to hang them but I finally
get to use it which is really exciting
I'm so excited to start hanging things
and using the Sun especially because
when you have cloth diapers you can
usually do Sun bleaching so I'm really
excited about that
karma thought for sure I was headed out
there to play with him he's very
disappointed right now I'm making dinner
I mean lunch
he's so bummed like what the heck all
right here we go
soon you're going in the oven but first
you got to do the buffalo sauce oh gosh
that was kind of what hey okay maybe I
should sit around a little
mmm no silverware that's nice oh geez
this isn't too much oh my gosh that was
a little crazy bread like put some
buffalo sauce on it and then he said
just a little bit don't think that was a
little bit me some cheese will cover it
up it's covered in buffalo sauce hey boy
you want to read to you what it reads
away you need to be with like where's
Peter where's I see no pizza for me well
looks like he ate it all Oh mommy it's
good you just you know you put that
pizza in the oven so perfectly great I
did kind of spill the buffalo socks like
all over it yeah it was pretty hot ah
sites are pretty much on fire I think
every set
anything about it you've been napping
for like an hour babe
dealing it up we got things to do you
look so cute I'm so hot you said we are
getting ready to film a really cool
video a few weeks ago you probably saw
us in a Skype call with mama natural and
it's finally time to start filming for
that video so I'm really really excited
because this is a big deal it's mama
natural if you don't know who she is go
check her out because she is really
awesome she's definitely someone that
basically inspired me to start my
channel and kind of gave me a direction
on which way I wanted to go with the
channel and so I'm really excited that
this is finally happening
it is like 1950s and here you guys look
at this
Missy's hanging things outside why would
you rather hang something outside than
dried in a dryer well I mean these are
delicates they can shrink in the dryer
oh it's like handmade homemade things
that we don't want them to get ruined
especially like the fruit I wanted to at
least won't use it once or twice you
know this is a quilt my aunt sent us
karma what are you doing
oh you tried to catch over those hands
you guys see that
huh oh you know do it again you ready
you ready boy
ah ready hit throw a what are you dumb
what about you BA gonna plays your ball
oh good catch you're just like a real
baseball player huh yes just pick it up
move it into the Sun actually so it's a
beautiful day out here is so nice and
Karma's having so much fun how come it
is new backyard
hey quit trying to climb that tree
they're like Karma to see karma karma
loves climbing trees you guys if you
don't know a lot of our earlier bumpers
know that karma loves climbing trees but
yeah we have some pretty interesting
plants out here including this flower
I'm not sure what it's called blue
purple ones
it also has white ones so yeah there's a
squirrel here looks like karma actually
already attacked him as definitely
Karma's handiwork right there you've
been like in and out of this room you
know I just lost filmed in here I know I
had two Chinese I saw so it's not on
your camera for a second wait for it so
we're still filming
um shots for the Monad for one which I
had already said this but I'm like super
excited about it looked up to her so
much and then she contacted me to do a
video and it's just really fun I did get
one other maternity shirt so here's
another one and did you get that one
when yeah like the other day oh did you
go shopping without me knowing no my mom
did my mama bought me a couple of shirts
I was actually able to wear this shirt
and I really liked it cuz actually fits
me Missy doesn't ask for much in fashion
no yeah very much we are having burritos
for dinner outside on our wonderful deck
and look at burritos they are burritos
Oh whatever same thing look at Jimmy's
now if you like piled it would walk and
it's like coming out that's how we do
guac in this house this will make me go
into labor
wait why and Mexican food makes you into
labor
I think spicy food makes go to labor
yeah this is pretty spicy I mean I don't
think if you eat flan it's gonna make
you into labor it's kind of spicy
she actually has till tomorrow right
tomorrow can use your midwife or is it
after tonight into tomorrow I can have a
midwife yeah so as a tomorrow she's
eligible to have a midwife go get some
spicy stuff on there let's have this
baby let's have this baby today guys
what do you think thumbs up if you guys
think we should have the baby today
we'll make it we'll make it happen
we'll make a find a way are you okay did
your water just break oh he's in my
rigging huh there's a PD attacking us
what's he doing is he peeing on my
burrito
Go Go ah he tossed me he touched me he's
chasing me haha did he go
seriously is he gone he's waiting yeah
there he is wait where'd he go okay I
can't see him I want to do the silent
killers you know I haven't been stung by
a bee in so long that would suck getting
stung sucks
are you serious so my mom just walks in
the room and she sees this and she's
like so is that how you guys sleep now
she's probably wondering if we're gonna
start vlogging us sleeping all night
yeah 24/7 live feed yeah we just been
filming all day but we're almost done
switch is really cool so ready to relax
watch some big brother which has been
totally crazy yeah it's pretty much like
the greatest season and it's like so
early I mean it's pretty bad I mean the
fact that the girls are not in it for
the money it's just driving me insane
like they always want I do yeah they all
just want to get married at the Big
Brother house it's so annoying it's the
whole racist thing and the whole just
everything that's going on is just crazy
but it also makes for a very interesting
Big Brother I mean you got to admit that
I I'm sitting there rooting for some
people to leave that house immediately
look who came to visit Leo Leo never
really visits us he's very attached to
my mom but he just like showed up and
decided he wanted to hang out with that
we are his original parent we and Brian
actually adopted him very soon after me
and Brian got married but I was working
a very full-time job Brian was working
and going to school like chihuahuas
really other kind of dog where they need
someone he just I just finally gave him
to my mom to sleep through it that night
and then he slowly just kind of became
her dog what are you doing
what do you builders what are you doing
Leo you're gonna get lost in there is
he's making cookies what do you look at
her monkey feet miss he's got monkey
feet it's easier
you weight is you doing dishes car
Juanita says I just walked with your
karma whenever I see him when I get
excited I go like that and he did the
exact same Facebook much did you do it
he went liked it he went like that
Claire bear has been stuck in the house
for a whole week and he is about done
today he ran out of the out of the house
before we could stop him and karma
chased him ha didn't you but luckily we
got Claire back but last time we moved
we put like butter on his feet and had
him walk around and lick his feet but
first you get used to being in the house
so we might be letting him out soon
Missy burnt the cookies as usual oh
that's sad babe I like I'm like kind of
gooey like half cup it's not weird how
do you guys like your cookies leaving a
comment below I think most people like
them gooey I don't know I know a lot of
people who like I'm crispy mmm
karma how do you like your cookies he
says crispy tastes like meat please so I
don't know if you know Taylor
Alexander's designs but she actually has
made me a couple of really really cute
onesies for Oliver she actually made
this one that says hashtag baby Ollie
she's so sweet so nice and she's
actually hosting a giveaway on another
channel called DMC xx oh I'll have it in
the description below but DMA DMC xxo is
actually having a giveaway and they're
giving away some really cool items from
Taylor alex and set design so I want to
let you guys know just because it's a
cool cool giveaway and if you guys like
have if you guys have babies or children
even you should definitely enter the
giveaway and then you could win one of
these really cool designs so yeah
definitely go check them out we're
exhausted we just got done eating our
cookies and watching big brother and now
we are going to bed mom I have another
NST so could be a good one tomorrow also
so we will see you guys tomorrow bye
getting ready to pull this bad boy off
no it's so cool look how
is you guys it actually like is a pretty
good rendition of your belly so we just
got done with the belly cast and we made
a mess it is so bad but this is it it's
so cool-looking right now it's kind of
it's upside down this is what it looks
like on the inside it looks like it's
still a little bit fragile
