good morning guys look there's crazy bed
here nuts right yeah so you know how
yesterday's vlog ended with me sitting
on the bed at 3:00 a.m. saying that I
was just done editing the video
well I'm still like this because I ended
up falling asleep on the computer
literally falling asleep was i drooling
missy i know you were telling me your
face is just sitting on it I was over in
your earbuds in your ear that's
dedication right there you guys
baby boy hi
baby
you have whoa
amazing things I really was just trying
to eat the vlog up and then I woke up
this morning and I got it up so the vlog
is up this little guy is that he's
looking for some boob and all of our
song is gonna be up in like 20 minutes I
know you guys probably already watched
it if you haven't watched it click
somewhere I'm sure that it's somewhere
in the description on the video wherever
you need to go watch all of our song
because it's awesome because he's our
little miracle and our little captain
cutie apparently am i right yeah
- morning time and Missy's already got
me on laundry Duty diaper duty what else
would you like me to do your master I
bow to you I'll take it
I was kidding mr. Oliver is just
sleeping right now as usual he doesn't
know what's coming but he just seems to
keep peeing and pooping what the heck he
doesn't does that and puking and
spitting up so he's got a bath coming
though he's probably on can eat actually
before we start brushing his teeth
you can't start like doing like little
gum brushes alright but they don't
really make you do it until the his
first two starts coming in not just
depends on all babies are different when
they start coming in my goodness I
always hate sitting in here should we
have a skylight in our bathroom and so
it always usually just like come on it's
so bright what do I have to do for you
to give me a bath look at that it looks
so comfortable he's not crying or
anything happy I love this bath we got
one of Missy's friends
Carmen you guys met her she got us this
awesome bath and it actually vibrates do
you not want to use a vibrator okay what
oh yeah it does have a sound like a pump
yeah I don't even know if it's really
doing me if he really cares yeah
perfectly fine at the water so I know
maybe when he's older he'll probably
like it you know right now maybe when
he's older he'll be a swimmer I know I
think I really will be Missy's brother
is a big swimmer he is like amazing
super fast champion
yeah that's pretty realized tongue dude
okay I'm done karma karma boy let me
play with your face BAE he has been
frisbee crazy huh get it
Oh job boy aren't you afraid he's gonna
like run into that and like diapers are
gonna go everywhere it's like he begs me
to throw it for him and then he like
won't let it
oh look at this I got a ball oh no what
are you gonna do now why are you
prancing like that like a little
reindeer karma come on he's like I know
I like the frisbee
give me the frisbee let go scroll works
every time you ready boy go get it oh we
need another one of these it's like
getting in pretty nearly burning our Hey
look it there's karma he's on the for
karma you're on the frisbee did you know
that this is hanging up some nap pace so
the Sun actually bleaches these it'll
bleach it how does that work like this
will be gone
is so cool that's the weirdest thing
ever
ah he's all cranky huh
used to be like that too do you know
that used to be little and you'd cry and
scream give me kiss baby ah kisses but
guess that's what this is what Oh wha
who's that you know who that is
ha ha Lucas make him feel better she
really wants to give her a kiss if you
keep it hot hey buddy it's ok he doesn't
he wants to hang out with you all day
baby here okay hey he needed some
emergency cuddle time he was not happy
ha see day what was he doing he was
going wrong try and do it Wow Wow hey
why great white what week is it sharply
Shark Week and it's not a good week to
be a what she it's not a good week to be
a CEO huh we are headed home now we had
just a nice visit with Jessica if you
guys don't know we get asked a lot like
who the kids are
Jessica's my cousin and that's her kids
and so we used to babysit them a lot and
now um we don't and so we decided to go
visit them and Ollie could go visit his
little cousins
Brian's now running into the store
grabbing some a few things that we need
and police just seeping that was so sad
when he was crying I was like so I felt
like crying myself it was really sad and
he seems to be better now and he's back
to a normal regular color I have all my
cloth diapers here and look at they're
all perfect now absolutely no stains
it's like the most amazing
I don't know if I'll ever get over it
but it was like super gross and now
they're like super white and perfect
it's like amazing this was like super
yellow too and it's perfectly white all
I just got his second back today because
we got home and he just felt a tiny bit
warm to us he didn't really have a temp
though it was like 99.7 so we just kind
of tried to cool him down see been in
the car for a while and he seems to be
doing better now but he's still pretty
sad and I think he wants to eat that was
not baby mm-hmm as a second time I've
heard him cry like so badly today go
crocodile tears alright so we are having
a nice dinner outside really really nice
weather I mean I look like I'm freezing
because I'm cold but it's like 78 it's
like 75 degrees out here yeah so that's
pretty singing cold for coming and
you're in a blanket and you're eating
hot time job right is shoes on yeah yeah
I'm having beef stew which is like when
my favorite meals Brian's having yeah I
knew that it was beef stew and I don't
do beef stew so I got from my knees yeah
this is like the Muslim do you see the
salad babe look at it I know it's got
like nuts chicken cheese strawberries
blueberries chicken I don't know that's
just way too much for me I know anything
like for one sounds weird but Wendy's
knows how to do us out all he's getting
some Mimi time
we're getting some husband-wife time I
don't know husband-wife time Jenna yeah
side ten feet away from my side and
Karma's prancing around hoping we'll
play some ball with him he really does
keep doing that prancing thing he looks
so cute they won't throw the other one
do you see that little pricey thing he
does it's so funny
okay um I'm kind of eating dinner but
there you go
this is yond okay okay me and Ollie are
doing some breastfeeding and I've been
getting a lot of questions on you know
what kind of app I use because I talk
about the app that I use every once a
while I'll show you just again he's
still trying to figure it out come on
alright pause right we're back okay so
I've been getting a lot of questions so
I talk about the app that I use a lot
it's called baby feed and it's really
awesome because basically it keeps like
a average of how often he asks to eat
you know maybe your baby goes like every
four hours or three hours and he goes
like every two hours and so like it
keeps track and then oh sending
notifications when right around the time
that he's going to get hungry and it'll
also keep track of like which boom you
set off of loss the minutes and so like
I keep track like right now he's eating
so I can press pause if he stopped so I
can press resume I can keep track of his
wet and poopy diapers and like it's like
a really awesome out I've experimented
with a couple of them and this one's got
to be one of my favorites so it's called
baby feed and I'll probably talk about a
lot more when I do my breastfeeding
updates I know a lot of you guys are
wondering like how it's going and all
that and so I have a lot to talk about
on that so far
we are literally I'm loving it like look
at this it's just like the most amazing
bonding experience like I just get to
sit here with him all day like every two
hours like it's just like had this
little time and he loves moving my hand
when we feed it's like the cutest thing
always holds on or hold on to this it's
so cute if you can breastfeed like it's
it's the best thing and obviously not
everyone can do it and I totally
understand that but if you can breast is
best and I am so Pro breastfeeding it's
amazing it's just so cool it you can
actually like nourish him from your body
like how crazy is that it is so crazy
this is it's like so natural like tribal
like this is what cave women did you
know what I mean and we're still doing
it and it's awesome you know it's so
amazing I can't believe it it's pretty
cool and I'm pretty amazed at how well
you're like picked it up it's pretty
awesome
would you guys see we hung the portrait
of karma you guys saw in yesterday's
vlog yesterday studio SRV sent us this
amazing painting and I got it wrong it's
not oil it's acrylic but it's so cool
and it's of karma and karma loves it and
so now we have it there how do you feel
about having it right in I of the bed
you get to stare at Karma so cool he
looks just ad to me though he's just
like no he's doing is ball yeah but look
at his eyes
he's like play with me as whenever I
look at like car we go here I want to go
give him some love
right
to tell her that night
hey hey are you doing you and him
reeling exactly the same it's really
really buddy it's really easy to fall
asleep mixing my karma boy comments in
our room he hasn't been in a room in a
long time huh hi boy hi we're all just
getting ready for bed it's dark out and
I'm tired I just woke up from a nap and
Carmen did you see we hung your portrait
look it look boy look at your portrait
look who is that up there anyway I hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog thank you to
everyone for everyone's support on the
video today on Missy's channel if you
haven't seen it go check it out I don't
know I think it's safe to say that I
don't liked it right yeah it was really
fun to shoot it means a lot to us it
basically sums up our entire existence
on YouTube so far which is really
exciting anyway I'm tired Missy says
it's probably gonna be a rough night
with Oliver so imma edit the vlog and
then we're gonna go to bed I'm gonna say
goodbye once they go bye to the bumpers
no you're gonna make me do it
Oh nope that's mine no don't don't take
it don't take it don't do it alright
guys thank you for watching and as
always we will see you tomorrow bye that
was a little late huh come on just think
about these maybe tell burgers oh you're
freaking out I can't believe it I'm like
oh my gosh are you kidding okay ready
guys thanks oh cool
it's karma it looks like an oil painting
look at those cute that doesn't
seriously his eyes are so big and brown
on about the green background it's so
perfect
I seriously we're like freaking out I'm
not impressed
