oh my god don't break the little boy an
indication of how I will treat my
newborn baby just see you guys big
effects unit so far okay look at how
stinky poopy is there you go oh we were
going to me what what I did
did you really I did
good morning bumpers I'm headed to work
this morning and I gotta say I'm
beginning to love that early morning Sun
that peeks into a window because I woke
up I you know I'm not getting much sleep
lately because I we're really busy and
so I'm up working late but when that Sun
comes up and I wake up I feel so
refreshed the actual sunlight will
release serotonin levels in your brain
that make you feel good and if you wake
up in the dark it actually releases
melatonin which could make you feel
drowsy that's what our body is supposed
to do at night it's supposed to get
tired and in the morning it's supposed
to wake up and feel refreshed to say I
am loving it I probably definitely need
more sleep but it'll come hopefully I'll
be able to catch up on my sleep before
all of us here because we don't know
when that's going to be hello everyone I
am finally up in about it's pretty late
in the afternoon
had pretty terrible night I was just in
excruciating pain mostly just my ribs
top of my uterus it was really really
bad so I ended up sitting in the shower
and the bath for like a really long time
trying to like relax everything so it's
just it was it was really terrible I of
course had to take a nap when I'm after
I we like got up this morning and now
I'm just kind of hanging out getting
things together and I'm watching
Twilight yes this is the one where
Bella's pregnant you know I had to feel
like Bella has it way worse okay like
obviously I don't have a dad pad I don't
think I have it that bad but I just
wanted to put on a movie where someone
else was pregnant too I really like this
movie to have a ton of like things on my
list that I need to get done but our
busy schedule just holds me back from
getting certain things done I watched
all of his newborn clothes that there's
a few sizes I still haven't washed and
now I can just he has a closet now that
I can just wash the most all his clothes
and just have them in there waiting so
if he does need six months sooner than I
thought he was going to then I can just
pull them out and not have to go wash
them first
so after getting it karma after getting
up from my nap I feel so much better and
I actually got a package today and it's
all of our cloth diapers and we're
actually boiling them right now yep
those are all kinds of cloth diapers
basically we have to prep them in order
to prep these ones they have to be
boiled to help with absorbency and all
that so um pretty exciting moment also
but they got a boil for like 20 minutes
but not funny and then once they're out
they're going to be all like quilty and
stuff and they'll be more absorbent so
that when you peas and stuff it won't go
straight through it so all right the
cloth diapers are officially done
cooking got all the oils and stuff with
this water totally turn brown and gross
so I'm glad we were like washed on
before because it definitely got stuff
on him but now we got to run them
through the washing machine and then we
should be good to go so I'm making
myself a Peter and jelly sandwich and I
remember a few days ago at one of our
comments
we are a lot of people thought it was
hilarious that we call our jelly jelly
and not Jam we actually are using jelly
the difference I don't know if it's same
everywhere but this is jelly it's
because it's like it's more like lumpy I
guess you can say like it's actually
like harder to spread whereas jams more
smooth and it like but like smooths
right on don't know if you have jelly
where you live maybe you only have jam
and you don't know what jelly is but we
use jelly
holy moly you guys I just made a run to
the peel box and it went a little crazy
we had so much mail what are you guys
doing to us look at my entire front seat
is full I couldn't even fit any in here
okay
I even had to ask her I was like is
there a limit how much like packages
we're allowed to have because we don't
want to become a nuisance or anything
and they were really nice about it and
they were like oh no so yeah this is
really really cool but I honest I don't
know how long we're gonna be able to do
this you guys ah so much mail I gotta
say I'm a little giddy can we to open it
all like I want to open it all you guys
are so cool yes boiled we what do you
mean we're spoiled you're just a spoiled
brat
this is aam be where you have the worst
attitude ever don't be hating on me I'm
not hating on you first you bring in
this new zombie zombie yeah you know
that one are you guys not friends yeah
or what's going on he's a jerk how is he
a jerk I haven't even heard him talk
you're not to spend all day in the car
with him so Suzette in Anaheim sent
karma something and it's a little bowtie
yeah look at it it's so cute it actually
matches your shirt it had this we'll
have to put that on him and see how he
likes it that's so cute I love that okay
so we just got a package from Sasha and
she gave us an organic bodysuit which is
super cute basically like a Lindsey
it's got pirate ships yeah that's cute
it's organic which is pretty cool
so this is from the Smith family oh it
looks like it didn't do too well in the
post mmm
but aw it's so cute super cute it says
Oliver I love the color pink daily buffs
awesome thank you so much for all your
hard work though I mean that that's
really really nice this one is from
Nicole and she said please enjoy these
gifts I know how quickly your little one
can become your big little one so let's
see we got some keys some goodies let's
see Oh mr. crabby pants that's actually
super cute oh this one's cool it's Baby
Gap and it's got a little sailboat on it
thank you guys you're awesome
come here karma you only throw that for
you yeah karma is obsessed with frisbee
hum boy okay oh oh you have to hand it
to me this is not proper etiquette good
boy ready you ready Oh got it
Oh got it karma is a boost so Missy got
some pre folds and I'm kind of sketchy
about this he only likes the simple just
simple cloth diapering routine but this
will be good it's actually cheaper and
easier I think it's how you do it okay
okay so you prefold it's already folded
and then you take this here and you make
wings and then you lay him in here oh
what's wrong with him he's really hairy
pull these wings up he's kind of fat
he's like hey I'm working on that okay
and you take a snappy and just pass it
here cut from here go down here and then
you take one of our waterproof covers
and put it right on and the cool thing
is that a few peas or even poops really
if it's just a little poop you should
just take this prefold off and just get
a new prefold and you can keep this
thing if it's not too dirty so it's less
laundry all I have to do now is watch
this instead of an entire diaper less
laundry and no I don't know and there's
a while to get used to that and if you
do get something on here you can wipe it
off pretty easily called the Vermont
anywhere Fatma see he's a big old tater
he's fluffy he wants to be fluffy he
wants to be fair that's his that's his
job let's not show his bits to the world
Missy lay this flat like this right yep
and then I hold it hmm
and then I make wings mm-hmm like that
yep hey I take mr. fatty pants told you
he's fat snappy snappy yeah they're
actually really good hearts you know I
got me two okay
boom calm there you go and yeah it's not
that bad it's just it really is it like
the ones where they're all in one
I know but less laundry I mean laundry
is gonna be not home - oh my god we are
headed to the store right now I'm super
excited because we are finally gonna get
my belly cast kids basically we will be
vlogging and of course and we're gonna
make a special video on my channel we do
my belly - yeah so cool and then I'm
really excited once we have him to do
pictures with him inside of it that'll
be so cool to see like him laying inside
my cast found the belly cast but she
doesn't want to get one from me that is
really cool
why do you need that though like all
kinds of little items for Aris reject
ring oh my gosh I'm being pulled to this
I'm being pulled do it Missy fine it's
like a jacket component remember yeah we
don't really wear jacket California but
still rawr be creepy monster mommy's
little monkey is it nap time yet iTAC oh
I get it like app get it like nap app is
it nap time it that's pretty appropriate
for us I'm just gonna say that I really
want to get the shirt that says I food I
just heard a tiny little gasp in the
costume department oh my gosh
oh that is pretty adorable actually if I
won't say so myself what do you guys
think thumbs up if you think Oliver
should be a monkey I wanna know the
monkey yeah there's one
we found an outfit that we really like
and then Brian took it apart now I can't
put the clothes back on him Diana came
all put it back on okay oh my god okay
don't break the little boys an
indication of how I will treat my
newborn baby
Missy days are you kidding right now
look at he's got saggy pants he's like
gangsta so yep it's dark now
that's usually what happens when we go
into baby xrs and we bought one thing
you guys one thing super excited because
our water wipes actually just came in
these wipes I've actually only ordered
these on Amazon I can't really buy them
anywhere else but I really like them
because they are 99.9 percent water and
point one percent free extract so
there's no preservatives or anything in
this and they're really I hear they're
really great ah I have to say guys I'm
pretty sure that I'm getting sick I just
like been feeling not very good for like
a couple days I think the move like
really affected my body and I'm just
like my nose is runny hangin on my sore
throat is sore and pretty much have man
flu that's what people in the UK call it
I sick all the time and yeah it really
sucks I'm just not feeling good this
person took the time and put these
awesome flowers and aloha because it's
all the way from Honolulu Hawaii Hawaii
so I want to show you that before I rip
this package open so this is from Sam in
Alex in Honolulu Hawaii okay they put it
in an awesome Hawaii postcard and it
says read hearts you guys
my favorite thing in the world this is
pretty cool we got app magnets oh you
read coffee max
Wyant hope i'll take so much candy dark
chocolate macadamia moves that's my
favorite that's so cool macadamia nut
and dark chocolate more candy and more
candy and more candy
these look like two little coconut
candles Oh cute well Thailand got is
form a jam collection so like some fancy
Hawaiian jams we got lava mango papaya
and puah oh my gosh oh my god it's a
sailor outfit I got ya well beanie wow
that's so cute hashtag baby ollie yep
there is karma got something what's this
what is that boy nice boy get that dick
thank you my god just take exactly
whatever I could so we have another
package here from Kaitlyn in Montana oh
wow what did this really cool blanket
has all his theme is so much I love it
it's super soft on this side this is
super super nice thank you so much
Kaitlyn so me and Bryan are officially
trying to put together the bouncer which
is turning out to be a little bit more
complicated than we thought it was gonna
be boom calm we did it it needs
batteries still but we finally got it
all together and it's so cute I
seriously love it actually we've also
got his Oliver name up there that looks
like and there's his crib
I think of a few more things will
probably be adding but for the most part
it's pretty much done so we do have a
few more packages to open but we're not
going to do them tonight because it's
just getting so late and we're so tired
Brian's getting really sick and I'm
hoping he doesn't get any more sick
because that would really suck we have
pretty busy lives and that would be
really hard on us if you got sick right
now so leave in the comments 'seeing him
good well because I'd hate for him to
get sick we are headed to bed now we are
so tired and exhausted and like I said I
really hope Brian doesn't get sick so I
guess we will see you guys tomorrow bye
just so you know like this is what a
woman with 44 Wow
here is super babe
don't go like exploding microwave I
don't think your baby's head is grand
