like butter big offense connect so far
okay we'll get he'll be p2p is closer
oh we were going to me oh my god I did
did you really I did good morning guys
there's a fly that's attacking me see
night and about the understood it's
right there on the blinds right there
look at him look at this mug little face
like he knows what he's doing and I'm
gonna get revenge he's right there right
where I don't see anything come on come
on come over here Punk hey wait there oh
my god I cussed him you did default I
don't see him there is what he's a super
fly oh did he fold it did I get him did
I get him I saw him go into the room and
I thought if I saw you hit him that's
right fly you don't mess with me pretty
sure he's got now yeah if you guys are
curious what our morning routine has
been in the new house it actually has
been to get up early because these
blinds though the Sun is right on the
other side of those so we wake up to
like the Sun in our face and we can
literally not sleep past until 9:00 a.m.
which is crazy because sometimes we'd
sleep till like 10:00 or 11:00
especially if we've had like a super
long night and we need sleep but we
can't seem to sleep past 9:00 o'clock so
I that's usually perfect time for me
because the vlog goes live at 10:00 so I
usually grab my computer and sit here
and get the vlog ready or I'll sit here
at my iMac and then we also put on music
on the Apple speaks we love waking up to
music this morning we're listening to
Mumford & Sons nom nom nom this is my
breakfast I tried to have what is karmic
doing karma your answer what do you play
with you a deer antler boy why
you need us see the flock okay you know
why it's probably the same fly get it he
looks injured I think that is the same
place karma karma get the fly get the
fly it you see that we're facing Ricky
get the point so we have bunny rabbits
out here every morning I'm on the Tesla
car my goal every morning karma goes out
to go potty and those usually funny
right about here so my mom's like oh I
need to you know get the bunny rabbit to
move before karma goes out there yeah
and then um the bunny rabbit doesn't and
then he just changed it I'm sure you
wouldn't do anything if he saw that if
he finally got the bunny rabbit I swear
he's like oh god wait we weren't
supposed to get this close yeah he is
like runs that karma no well I'll get
you guys we do always have this bunny
rabbit he's really stubborn he just sits
there and stares at us anything that's
kind of anything you can get right up in
its face he's just like what do you see
him but he's fooled me a couple times
especially when we were looking at the
house oh look at the deers we have over
here - oh it's also some good old
wildlife deers yep keeping it classy
here in SoCal you guys
all right so I'm headed to my buddy
Jon's house because he has a table saw
which I really need because we're gonna
see if we can get those blinds that we
bought a long time ago to fit actually
in to Oliver's new window we're gonna do
some man stuff and saw some crap in half
so I just woke up for my little catnap
and look what Brian did it it's so cute
he changed it so it says s'more week
still baby ollie and there's something
else that's like ridden in here I gotta
check this out
I swear look like words or something
it's really cute I love that the M looks
like a marshmallow and he's got a little
more over here did you like it boy I
love it I'm Carmi you love it
he's so funny he's just been a really
funny dog these days huh he's kind of
like partially confused as to why we are
here I don't think he quite feels like
he's at home I think he feels kind of
trapped in our room now he's I don't a
few member but our room the door he
could actually open and he would just
like push it open and leave whenever he
wanted but now it's the door is just a
regular door and it doesn't just stay
open halfway and so he has to kind of
cry and whine until we let him out hum
boy karma guy man communion and he did
find hit a new favorite spot that he
likes right here
he likes to lay on this come here up
here yeah I found him sleeping on this
probably cuz the tile is really cool and
he's up higher so he's kind of more
looking at us on dub yeah he's so cute
so we're eating lunch at John's house
and John's making his kids some
sandwiches you see anything wrong with
this picture how many kids are over
there yeah like crazy up for kids man
okay if you forget one every once in a
while every once a while but yeah you
know so I decided I'm officially
creating something so that if I need
something handed to me or any of us like
we are so sick and tired of going up and
down these stairs when we like leave our
phone downstairs
your purse or sunglasses or whatever so
I decided to use this little whipper
basket right here and some twine and
I've created a way here cast on hold it
so that if we need something I just here
watch pull it up
mom I need my phone and then she goes
and she goes and gets it and then I just
can grab it so yeah pretty ingenious if
you yes so yeah we got this blind and it
fit uh the little corner window pretty
good but his new window is smaller so
we're going to cut a little bit off on
each side and then it's got little caps
that go on the end so it's super
convenient and hopefully it works
look at this boost right here you're not
supposed to do that no that's cool puts
a little laser yeah measure twice cut
once right yeah I'm gonna do it with
that like hang on it oh hey fancy big
looka ready yeah oh that was rad -
that's so cool so you're gonna press the
C key press the press safety and then
press that button and go down with it oh
come on buddy you could live hey what
kind of thing you want to cut that be
sure ya don't
alright cut um cut this one do I don't
we're gonna have to hold it like that
watch your fingers have my feet it says
no few years right there though just um
come literally the Machine says not to
mine and and you're telling me to put my
hand that's fine you me right
like butter burns getting all lined up
I'm on the truth he's got a safety
goggles on I do all right let's hope I
don't up you won't know it's that
easy
oh that easy so cool so I just gotta see
mrs. little pulley system so there's
already I didn't get it i'm i once cut
up okay
and he's pull it out enough what in the
poem right now is that gets stuck right
here oh oh so you have to like headed
uh-oh it's not fully mastered at this
point not at this point but it's pretty
close yeah that's so funny and then you
sit right here to the side so it's not
harm's way and hook it right here cool
boom genius right
yeah we just got to Missy's Midwife
appointment and look at we parked right
next to another Nessie not funny that's
how it works what Priuses I'm telling
you guys you have to park you have to
park next to each other
um recording of the birth and there's
are no issues as long as everybody
that's in the room yeah it's okay with a
local theme recorded their goal believe
you're measuring 44 which is two more
than last time which I think you know
when you're all on one side so how many
weeks is up measuring for forty four
weeks yeah oh wow okay just so you know
like this is what a woman would feel
like it 44 with Wow okay you're a
trouper babe so head in the pelvis right
yes but he's not engaged or anything I
feel so like it's floating right here I
don't think your baby's head is going to
know
your baby's changing position he has
actually been there since day one he's
getting her first NST and you got a
little pusher you pushed it every time
you film kick you so you pretty much
like pushing it all the time yeah
visualize even I tell them the max over
here the heads down there and they have
a hard time looking at this and taking
this picture in France okay
so holding the doll I just do them which
way they're laying uh-huh cool
I'm going to go down to the head here
vide his head down there's the neck
babies really whimpers this is fine that
the baby is moving like this you can see
the sex of the baby there's hope sorry a
little profile on baby
okay let's see blow nose right there
baby looking up that way this is the
forehead here little mouth right there
oops I sock it right the best baby's
really moving yeah just took a big gulp
of water there pull up a now movement
yeah I'm going to transfer already here
because this is really special
it was the baby's practicing breathing
but it's a very subtle little movement
yeah see them and their belly breathers
there's no way aren't there they're not
filling up their lungs lungs what
they're doing is just practicing
practicing with all those muscles so
that when they're born they can sustain
it arm and hand
on the chest there and we can see it is
if the baby open and closes the hand oh
just like that oh good boy an example of
tom√© baby just baby just did again and
just and if they take the arm away
because I just opened it closed again
wow so the baby's done that many times
and all I need to see more what the legs
are bent though over there
but yeah baby's hands right here like
that spine is all along here thankfully
so we just got back from my appointment
and I know if you guys heard that but
basically I'm measuring I 44 weeks
pregnant now that is just my belly the
baby's measuring exactly what I am 30
almost 36 weeks but belly uterus wise it
comes up so high that it's measuring as
a 44 week pregnant person are you
kidding me like seriously but that's
high like I mean it's really like a lot
of painted explains a lot and it
validates my pain because I feel like
just like why is this so uncomfortable
why and so much pain I know everyone's
uncomfortable I know everyone's in pain
but it just feels like so much work you
know and she says it's probably just
because you know my bicornuate uterus is
just especially the shape in the way
it's you know going basically just going
all up in my ribs and Subway's are
bringing up Ali's furniture so we're
going to get ready to set up his actual
stuff right now they're leaving it in
the hallway because we're going to set
up for the UM what is it called Oh a
time-lapse that way we can show you guys
that's moving it all in first we're just
getting it all up here I'm currently
walking as fast as I can
and this is where Brian is
you can't not walk with me because I
just want to slow right going to the
store my grandma
this pillow is giving me a hug if it
really is it has arms and everything
that's hugging you it's really nice is
really nice very soft look guys we own a
microwave and we bought a coffee table
we're like real adults now ha Missy look
what I did you guys I made something
with my own bare hands a table comment
do you like the new coffee table yeah
came together pretty nice pretty sturdy
to knock on wood or whatever that is
yeah once again finally moving in all of
this stuff we are recording for the
time-lapse and we've got it pointed at
the mirror so that you guys can actually
see the entire room this is starting to
look super cute just like a nursery so
excited like did not think that this is
what we would be bringing oliver home to
a little nursery we got all the big
stuff in his nursery and this is what it
looks like so far they do look a little
puffy babe yeah weird whoa
yeah that's not normal lots of CDs
that's slang for card background anyway
everything oh really we had pizza
earlier and that always does it anything
tomatoey drives our crazy
does this look looks good you look like
a dad I was like it really did are going
to dad oh my god I'm so happy that we
were able to transfer this I thought
we're gonna have to leave it we like
really bummed because we love this it
keeps the heat it away so that's really
nice and of course it's really well
shaded so if you need to take naps in
here and stuff you'll be able to I'm but
I'm gonna hand the block I didn't wanna
let you guys know that we are up for
full screener of the week if you don't
know we partnered with
network called fullscreen for YouTube on
our YouTube channels and we've only been
with them for like less than a month and
we're already up for nomination to be a
full screener of the week so basically
like Partner of the week so I'm gonna
leave a link in the description and all
you guys have to do is go to the
Facebook album on their Facebook and
like our picture it's like a really old
picture of us I don't know how or where
they found it no they just found an old
picture of us and put it so um all you
guys have to do is like the picture and
then that puts in your vote so please do
that because I would be awesome to win
and just to show them you know like
bumper nation all the way so go do that
link is in the description and as always
we will see you guys tomorrow bye feel
like a Miss no no it works good oh babe
I can't see the phone I'm sorry we are
making lunch over here we've been seeing
up the old house and so we made up some
chicken this is doing macro
