weapons if I do this no Brian no Tom no
it works good oh babe you can't do I
can't see the phone I'm sorry big
offense Keenan so far okay look at how
stinky shoes he is your poster there you
go
oh we were going to me oh my god I did
did you really I did
good morning everyone so we are getting
ready and headed to the old house so
that we can get things cleaned up and so
we can officially be done out of that
house but everything is out of there we
just need to grab it it's basically
clean it up and stuff I'm just waiting
for Brian to get ready you guys see look
at this
Missy actually matches okay she looks so
stinking cute today baby so big I love
it when she wears dresses cuz she looks
so hot I don't like wearing dresses
because all he does is come to me all
day long that's not a bad thing so like
I feel like I still stared at by you I'm
staring at you either way so you know
how you doing sourdough sourdough
sourdough sourdough ah
I'm getting really good at doing things
with one hand lately something usually
vlogging with the other hand you know
hey Missy do you want one of these
sourdough things who you want jelly on
it
yeah this is like one morning right now
I guess huh I just walk outside and here
he is just sitting in the pool he will
sit in this thing for hours just sit
there and you might splash around but
like that's it just sits and stands
there he is obsessed with that pool but
it is super cute but then once he gets
in it he can't really come inside and
then he gets really sad nom breakfast I
got bananas sourdough things with grape
jelly and OJ there's a lot of fruit I
know huh there's literally some kind of
fruit I mean that's really not fruit
anymore because of how much sugar they
added but these stairs are going to be
the death
not kidding you I'm making like a little
pulley I think I'm gonna like have
something so that if I need to have
something handed to me that I can get it
but anyways I'm sitting here well he
grabbed that stuff and look what I just
found while they were moving in they
must have dented our wall
hey moving his top okay gosh so that
kind of sucks I think it was a dresser
Oh a very heavy monstrous dresser
everything that they did they that's the
only dent they did that's pretty good so
we're at the old house now and we're
just doing some cleaning up no
Bob didn't make it you guys that's the
saddest thing ever
are you gonna cry take over his boxes in
you want all the pair of these okay well
let's see how do you look
yeah you look adorbs okay but yeah you
know we left Bob here at the old house
which we're just cleaning up he
obviously didn't make it he crawled over
here yeah yeah he probably had a heat
stroke just crawled over here and and
passed away we need to cover up his dead
body Missy there we go
all right everyone in the comments say
goodbye to Bob he was really fun but you
know what he had to go away and it
happens sometimes and I'm sorry this he
found a way to beat the summer she just
spray sit and then hit miss back on her
face doing your getting all over the
camera and then cool I'm actually it's
like I feel like I miss no your night
weapons if I do this no Brian no Tom no
it works good oh babe you can't do I
can't see the phone I'm sorry we are
making lunch over here we've been
cleaning up the old house and so we made
up some chicken this is doing macaroni
and cheese and yes she is cooking in a
bikini and we also got chicken in the
crock-pot nummy Conner will not leave
Missy alone fuck
oh that weighted ball so I am trying to
get all of his room started painting but
look what I just notice the inside of
the closet is painted blue and then
behind that Disney Princess thing it was
also painted blue I think what happened
was this was a little boy's room and
then it turned into a little girl's room
and now it's turning back into a little
boy's room
so that's funny I sprayed put some soapy
water in here and I'm just spraying this
down just gonna let it soak up in it and
then I'm gonna scrape it all off and
hopefully that works because we really
like to get started painting today see
oh yeah perfect
okay you see that comes off that's
awesome thanks for the suggestions you
guys give us some many awesome
suggestions we are hoping so because we
just I know I do it to you that is
working beautifully if I do say so
myself
pretty nice catch honey
oh that's pitiful karma boom calm that
worked perfectly over here now I got to
do is rip off these Disney Princesses
ready
sorry Snow White
sorry Belle sorry Cinderella I have no
idea how this one is Sleeping Beauty
what's her name
all right we got the whole room taped up
all along the bottom and I am getting
ready to pour the paint and start doing
all the edges I want to do all the edges
first and then build in the middle and I
am setting up a camera and we are going
to do a time-lapse so everything we do
on this nursery we're going to record it
all do a whole time-lapse and then we're
going to release a nursery tour just
like we were planning to with the last
nursery and this is the color we chose
it is like a cool aqua blueish green I
actually love the color so I'm really
really excited to see what that looks
like on the walls brian is kinking and
I'm starting to get everything together
in our closet because now we have
basically this huge closet space we
don't have any kind of drawers on
dressers or anything so we're just kind
of picking spots and I like two huge
boxes of clothes I don't know why we
have so many clothes but um
Brian's painting I'm really loving the
color hopefully it turns out good and
doesn't clash too much with everything
else but I wanted to I kind of wanted to
get away from the blue I guess you could
say like um like the baby blues and
stuff like that so I'm kind of excited
about the color we chose and hopefully
it looks good so I'm not really allowed
to paint this time around just because I
feel like a little uncomfortable with it
and especially well I feel uncomfortable
anyways and the paint is kind of strong
and it's hard to air out this room so
Brian's having to do all the work but
I'm really excited about the color I'll
show you what we're doing he's already
got basically this whole wall done and
half this one and starting this one and
it might be the second coat oh yeah it's
definitely need a second coat but oh
he's even done up here to look super
cute though you like it
Oh easy it yeah I heard you that's cute
so I can't really be involved in the
process of like yeah it's weird it's
like I really
those two it though and I'm breathing
and it's like burning mm-hmm pretty sure
that it's not water-based yeah so that's
kind of sad usually we get stuff that's
pretty pretty much okay but this just
who is hard to air out the room
especially on a hot day too I mean I'm
gonna open the windows it gets a good
boy link on here so I'd rather just not
being here and I'm Brian do it yeah love
you thank you bye
q okay first coat is done you guys and I
gotta say that this paint is definitely
not water-based actually check the can
and it says latex paste so that explains
why I'm feeling like dizzy and kind of
like had like a burning sensation when
I'm near it check it out guys miss you
got a tattoo when'd you get that done
babe
Oh like last week last week babe you're
not allowed to get tattoos when you're
pregnant
what EPS whatever I mean I guess it's a
pretty cool tattoo so that's okay but
you probably shouldn't do that Missy
just kidding she didn't got a tattoo I
just did that Missy and I are both gonna
get infinity signs and they're both
gonna be a little bit different we like
that idea of like infinity like I get to
be stuck with this broad forever
actually you know what my sister has a
ladybug right on her foot and she said
that it was like the worst pain in the
world
I hear that's like the worst part to do
it I can handle it I went and got a
tattoo to check it out
Missy got me an anchor so now we both
have foot tattoos it van nice high five
wait you have to make it clap wait what
one time you guys are wondering how
Claire is doing with the move here's
your answer
not too well Claire Brad come here like
can we please take this up he just
thinks is a toy
he's very freaked out by this whole move
and can't get a breath Mon come on
they're brushing Claire and he is
thoroughly enjoying himself he's like ah
yeah oh yeah right there
right there please oh yeah that's the
spot took a break from painting and made
a Starbucks run how does it did it right
oh yeah I got that Valencia orange
refresher again because it was so good
last time had it had given a big one
this time look at our tattoos in the in
the wild you guys are you gonna get one
after oliver sworn i can't decide I go
back and forth really can you get a
tattoo if you're breastfeeding is that
something that you have to watch out for
obviously you can't get away pregnant
probably alright guys I'm in the nursery
and I'm about to do a second coat so
probably going to get a little bit
little bit more high this time because
it's latex paint it makes me feel like
all dizzy and weird and stuff I I say
that I'm but I don't even know being I
feel like um
but if it feels like that then being
high is not very fun Brian is working on
his second coat and I'm not allowed in
the room so I'm sitting out here and I
decided to go through my jewelry box
because well it's probably seen to be
organized also my sister wanted to use
it she's starting to get a bunch of
jewelry um but it's funny because I just
pulled out a note from oh man I don't
know how long this was Brian I mean this
is probably a note from like it was a
really long time ago like dating that
was yeah yeah and he said keep breathing
my angel if you go down I go with you I
believe that made a parade so obviously
I've kept this for a super long time I
think we were just going out what do you
think yeah it was when we were just sort
of dating
you were in trouble for something oh I
got in trouble when I was little Bert
when I was a teenager mostly because of
Brian I found this song it's called one
man drinking game super cute song and
definitely brings me back to when we
first started dating in high school
that's the first band or that's the only
first band that I actually crowd surfed
on which is very proud moment for my
life we saw them at work to her but
they're pretty cool so I'm finding all
kinds of treasures in my little jewelry
box especially all kinds of stuff about
me and Brian it was funny one year but
for Christmas my dad thought of this
great idea of what I could get Brian and
he says get him a dog tag that says
property of Missy Hollister it says
please call a found and had my phone
number on it it was like some like like
I just thought it was like a cute idea I
was like oh my god so funny okay let's
do it on Christmas morning me and Brian
both had like small gifts that we
decided to just open together and it
turns out my dad had done this thing
where he told Brian the exact same thing
hey a really funny gift or a really cool
gift we open things at the exact same
time this is what they say property and
crime please call it found hilarious oh
my gosh so when we opened up were like
oh my gosh it was so funny my dad's my
dad pretty much pranked us another funny
thing I just found was I found a quarter
and at first I was like why is there a
quarter in here but everything in my
jewelry box
jewelry box has a point and I started
looking at and I figured out that it has
my birth year on it which is 19 1989
there it is first I was like why don't
record I just realized that I have it
updated you on my candy crush and I
think last night I told you guys I was
only going on level 37 or 38 well guess
what now I'm on level 51 like totally
obsessive too and don't play it if you
don't want to be obsessed for the game
it is nice to kill time if I'm ever like
what should I do
so I'm all done with painting and we
took all the tape off and it's all
finished so it's a lot of work what is
that
you hear that I think someone's washing
their hands or something they're getting
organized and do that nursery tour
because been wanting to do that for a
while too so oh and we also finally got
our bed set up alright guys we are
getting ready for bed I just wanted to
say thank you to everyone in the
comments in yesterday's vlog it was like
so supportive and loving I read all the
comments from yesterday and I just
wanted to thank you guys for that like
our bumper seriously Rock we love you
guys but um now look it's tired miss
Lee's going to sleep yeah I did put the
chalkboard up too
so yeah that's awesome s'more week still
baby on me Olly still if she thinks that
we should just change the five to an S
yeah and just make it small dude we
don't know it's hard it's rare to do a
countdown
so should we do small week still baby
Olly and then like put a picture of us
more I could the graham cracker area but
anyway I hope you guys had a fantastic
day tomorrow's Monday and we have a
midwife appointment and unfortunately
it's gonna be the last one that I'm able
to attend just because of work and
scheduling with her midwife so you think
about us for that and as always we will
see you when the Sun comes up
good night guys bye Shelby and then
obviously conversation it's this room is
it is small but obviously perfect ahead
to completely redo it and take off this
the best way to take off this uh this uh
border basically like it comes right off
this part does but
