in an operating room we heard him go
yeah and that was really good him right
now okay
baby boy hi
baby
you have whoa
is going to do amazing things
good morning buddy he's got the hiccups
this morning really he was like the best
here a long time he probably ate like at
least six minutes under set Wow yeah
doing good he seems to like this bouncer
too it's vibrating and it's playing
sounds and it's playing sound effects
and he's in my pirate outfit that I love
yay he's so cute so so many guys might
know my mom is actually in Idaho and
she's not gonna be here until Tuesday
which is only like a couple more days
but ever since he's been born she's been
she's requesting like a minimum of five
pictures a day so I always have to send
her one in the morning and all
throughout the day I sent her this
beauty of him today
it actually sent her a picture and she's
like that holds her over until she can
get her cuz I know she wants me here so
bad and we weren't expecting him to come
early so she was actually gonna be here
right before his due date been him each
other grandma he still has the dots on
top of his nose I thought those are
gonna go away pretty soon but they're
still there there's a yep
okay okay okay so as you guys might know
after you have a c-section it takes a
while for things to work in birth Oh
after you give birth it takes a
imagine oh really yeah you know if you
had stitches donor you had to try and go
to the bathroom oh yeah so Missy's been
having some trouble and finally things
happened this morning how good do you
feel right now I don't really
embarrassed babe this isn't embarrassing
people do this all the time there's even
a book oh my poor baby
oh it's okay I really want you to weigh
yourself to see how much you weigh now
me and Oliver having a little one train
now well I'm eating which I guess will
help make some milk and then he will
later eat some lunch
doing more babywearing which is I'm
really enjoying it someone asked me
today that they were like I thought you
weren't gonna be doing babywearing and I
think like it's hard because the term
babywearing can mean so many different
things I know a lot of people basically
baby we're completely they never set
their baby down it's a full time baby
where someone's always wearing the baby
basically and I never really imagined
that I would do something like that I
probably still would want the baby to be
set down at times and missed I still
think that it's great idea to at least
you know have that bond of you know
wearing him and him kind of snuggled up
right against my skin I think is really
good so I'm really enjoying it and we
actually are probably going to go to a
breastfeeding event today which I'm
really excited about he's just been
sleeping bug today Oliver and karma
really really would like me to play some
ball with him I've been trying to give
him some love to hang out lately he just
hasn't been getting as much attention
still plays every day and still does
stuff but at least from me he hasn't
gone a lot so me and him cuddled this
morning for a while and I think he was
pretty happy more toilet talk I know but
um just had a little bit of an issue I
flushed the toilet and apparently it was
still as it was before and the water
went all the way back here and so we had
to grab a ton of towels and push it all
it's just gonna it's kind of funny I
mean you have to laugh at it you slept
through it all huh it's okay boy oh he
needs his daddy got it all cleaned up
finely and mopped
I gotta do some sterilizing because
everything is a disaster so that was fun
this is kind of funny you know I mean
it's not like I don't think you should
be embarrassed but I mean it's kind of
funny I think this is probably something
on a lot of people who just had a baby
deal with right know they went on love
this is something you had a problem with
after you gave birth or her c-section
you'll probably have more updates on
their holiday this is baby Auggie hi
Coraline Hey haha she's awake now
Coraline what do you think of the baby
you were at his baby shower remember you
remember however I feel like since I
carried a newborn her how she just
turned eight months on fresh was she at
Bert's seven pounds tuna is it is so
amazing yeah I mean Coraline with this
little I don't even feel like I remember
I just feel like she was this little my
hospital and then you got home and boom
that's so cool baby you just did that
like a master now huh yeah it's a cool
t-shirt huh she's not she feels a lot
lighter actually do you guys see this is
a roadrunner on our fence and karma has
found it look at him right there karma
is that a bird over there that is so
cool he's like the coolest looking bird
karma know be good karma be good karma
you're the baddest dog ever you know
that knocking wait wait wait wait wait
to get home
Maginot that JT he like JT boy you're
headed actually to a breastfeeding event
and I'm really looking forward to it
obviously it's breastfeeding Awareness
Week that's where we're headed and I
just don't know how long I'm gonna last
though because I just don't overdo
myself and walking around that sometimes
can do that so there's gotta be really
careful not to be you know overdoing it
today I am wearing little Oliver look at
this it's like the coolest shirt ever
and I'm King I seriously love this and
look at this little smile he has on his
face he's so happy you guys this is
seriously the coolest feeling babe I'm
kind of glad that your back is hurting
so I can carry on and coralline is up on
her mommy right now too huh she feel
comfy she's like what is going on look
at these crazy mama Roo infant things
look at these look at that busy do you
see this it's so cool Oliver would you
like that
he's so happy right here on me you don't
need like technology see check out
Caroline's new hat California babies
definitely yeah for real this is just
saying well I don't know what Heidi's
thinking to be honest she's not happy
she's like no thank you
not going to a rave so I think we might
have missed the Xbox there's nothing
really going on but we wanted to go get
some food and it's like on the other
side of the parking lot but I didn't
want to take him off so I'm walking
there and she's in the car yeah it's
just he feels so comfortable I don't
want to stir them boy you know my little
man
Brian's eating lunch and he's also
wearing Oliver's say it's kind of a
challenge what is I know I've had to do
it I'm like all like sorry yeah Buddha
yeah who's good you just just enough you
have a plate you can just like put the
plate legs yeah
by Corey she's mine by corlane she's
happy thank you I thank you again for
lunch
CJ this is this is Oliver come say hi
come here CJ isn't he cool what do you
think
can I kiss ah everybody kicked you in my
belly we were feeling him and then he
was in her tummy you love him oh thank
you
maybe me baby come eat let me Oliver
okay I'm manager fit I'm in the crowd
you guys are matching okay
how'd you soon you're gonna be a ring
you're just fascinated with the baby
he's obsessing all day I said oh we're
gonna go over to the game to see Oliver
and he's like are we going out right now
baby's giving kisses to Oliver can give
him kisses kiss oh it is focused on me
um I don't know smile
it focuses on when you smile wait sorry
look at the camera and folk and smile
bigger I'm just kidding it's bogus
everyone just left that was crazy
everyone just like showed up all at once
it's always hard when you want to like
share your little baby with everyone
that comes with having a new baby
everyone wants to see ya when you have a
c-section usually have to have pain
medication and they only gave me until
today installs like all right well maybe
I can handle it and apparently cannot is
I'm not like an excruciating Pam just
just hurts it hurts a lot I know that
I'm getting better I'm healing and I
know that within a week or so much I
won't have any pain but
they're still paying their and so I'm
thinking I might need to get a refill so
we're waiting for my wife to call so
that we can figure out this pain and a
better way to manage it if possible it's
tough because you're a new mom and we
have like a lot of videos we want to
film yeah I like fun I would love to do
and like I want to take care of him
easily and kind of bummed that I need I
just want to get off pain meds I hate
taking medication I just really really
want to get off it get done yes and this
smart key thing that I do we like I'm
not a bitch ate my eggs came home and he
was like he's Jani he's just like been
sleeping ah we kill it
he misses you guys he wants you to come
visit oh the only goal is gonna change
and everything it's always gonna change
but as for a week ol he just sleeps and
then he cries when he's hungry and he
wants his diaper change tip it's not
that hard you know you have to have
patience I think a lot of the time you
just have to be really calm and I think
you have to realize that babies can feel
when you're stressed or nervous and or
you don't know what to do and so then
they get stressed and nervous and they
start crying I think that if you're calm
and you can stay calm then they will
call us take home it's seriously like
the greatest job in the world though so
cool
he's grumpy cuz he has a dirty diaper
and I just looked in the diaper thing
and the last one we have is this bright
pink one so this is happening buddy
sorry look at this you guys look how
cute this is
baby Olli napping on his Madre I feel
like he's changes every single day he
looks a little bit different it's sad
look at he's still in his pink diaper
right you just keeps getting cuter
bright pink diaper real babies wear pink
rill rill male babies wear pink real boy
babies real boy babies you don't care
just a wittle pink the daily vlog today
or rather yesterday reached over 20,000
subscribers and I just kind of wanted to
tell you guys like what that really
means to me it's such an amazing thing
because when we started this daily vlog
we had no idea that that many people
would um you know want to watch us and
we wanted to do these videos where we
you know create these memories of our
life and we had no idea that people
would become so invested and want to
watch every single day and so we just
wanted to say a big thank you to every
single one of you like we love every
single one of you and every time you
guys comment and like yes we read the
comments and we go through them and just
like make our day it's nice to have
people who support you and love you and
care about you and you guys are like a
part of our family and I was watching
the vlog you mentor a trailer tonight
for the new YouTube movie that the
Shaytards and the brothers right now are
putting together and it's just like it
moved me because that's what YouTube is
about want to say thank you guys so much
for 20,000 people like that that's the
number just kind of seems crazy to me we
just want to welcome every single one of
you to the family if you know this is
your first video or you're watching or
if you watch since day one like you are
a bumper and we love you guys
so that's all I wanted to say tonight
let me know in the comments you know how
you came across our channel what you
liked best about it and I'm gonna go
through and respond to a couple of you
guys just insane that there's 20,000
people out there who watch our little
family every single day like this is
this is like the love of my life and my
boy and I get to share this with
everyone every single day and make
everyone's day a little bit better and
that means the world to me
thank you guys so much thumbs up if
you're proud to be a bumper all right so
it is almost Oliver's official one-week
birthday yeah and we're counting down
ten seconds
everyone run around baby Ollie he will
have been here for one week
everyone's gonna kiss him right now
happy birthday what nightmares are me
he's been here for one week babe he's a
we can't believe a week ago we were
sitting in an operating room when we
heard him go yeah and that was really
good him right now way to me do you guys
see that he's when he's actually waving
to me oh my gosh wait no he's like oh my
god I'm so annoying
look what we just did you guys we got El
Pollo Loco and we like tore it up okay
look was amazing and when we lived in
Idaho we didn't have it but in
California they have it and it's amazing
and Missy had to have cinnamon rolls you
thought that there were cravings when
you were pregnant just wait until after
you have a baby that's what happened
still anyway I hope you guys had a great
day thank you for watching the vlog and
be sure to watch us tomorrow because we
do this every day bye guys
okay so crystal you want to explain a
little bit about what we just did there
yeah okay so this pose is a really
classic newborn pose but it's really
dangerous if you just try and have the
baby hold its own head up it's not
strong enough so what we do is something
called a composite so we took one
picture of ollie like this
