previously on daily bumps Missy found
okay people not potential there dog
where do you live I'm not letting him
just wander around you don't live here
the guy said that he's never seen the
dog before maybe he'll go and find his
home I don't know there's not a lot I
can do big effects you know so far okay
look at how stinky QCs
oh we were going to me what god I did
did you really I did welp there's no dog
this morning must've took off to the
middle of night I found a dog at like
11:30 at night and it sucked because it
was so late so we couldn't like take him
to a shelter or vet and anything like
that we can't keep him inside the house
and we also didn't want to chain him up
in case he decides he wants to go home
but we did leave out a little blank and
water and he was laying down I hear low
we even gave him a little glove chew on
so oh I hope he found his home bucks
because when you find a dog like that
late at night you can't really do
anything if we were to like have someone
come get him not late at night it
wouldn't have been a no-kill shelter and
we just we don't feel comfortable with
that we feel comfortable with actually
giving the dog a chance to find his home
but look at this nice little setup we
had for him it's like super comfy just
like lay here and just like sleep like a
little dog like dream of kitties and
stuffing looks water this better than my
spot I mean no that's really enough
people I would I'd probably leave too
Missy's not feeling good today you guys
oh my karma karma is just worried about
you miss me okay not me I'm okay Missy's
just having a bad morning a lot of pain
there's Tim in the ribs can barely
breathe what he's in your grips I didn't
really sleep very well as you know I'm
just exhausted which sucks is we have a
ton to do today but you just relax
you're okay I mean look at this huge
belly you guys come on that's like it's
like a tumor it's like a parasite
sucking the life out of my love life
well no not the thing in it but the
belly that just does not look
comfortable yeah the Skynyrd's
in yeah
are you gonna get a break in six more
weeks yes
six more weeks babe and probably less
what you got there boy my mom bought it
for Leo he really loves it everyone
smell Leo's like that's mine and just
takes you from a car but he's always
like gerrant losers are like the best
for dogs because they don't get soggy
like a regular bone does Oh gross
hey but they are really fun like they
love chewing on them okay he gets really
defensive she was like what are you
they're not doing well how about we not
climb all over mom huh karma I'm not
even chasing you now you're just being
silly
just want to pet you you want to pet you
and less your mother oh my dog is on
drugs
we have slacking in the laundry
Department for a couple days now and so
this is actually sleeping so I'm trying
to do much as I can so she hasn't to
wake up and worry about it oh and a
handy dandy subscriber sent us these
awesome dryer balls so we've been using
these actually instead of dryer sheets
and they work pretty good
I know ever know what to say so to set
it at like super dries it can never be
fixed a side this is amazing this cup
was in my car last night and it was full
of water and now there's literally no
water in sight must have been pretty hot
today
dang it is hot out here I know huh it's
like 99 degrees outside that is not good
for a zombie you know about it we smell
already probably pretty bad you're like
covered in blood and gore and stuff now
a lot of people know but we also sweat
like crazy crazy well actually you don't
really um
I hate to break it to you but you're not
really a zombie
why do you mean well you're actually
just like a plastic finger puppet and I
hang you in my car and you you're like
decorated as a zombie but you actually
don't like eat brains or anything give
me your brains I'll show you who's a B
huh I'll show you who's a me oh whoa
whoa calm down dude I mean fun you're
fine you're a zombie that's right
told ya I told ya huh I got laundry goin
um as I said before Missy is fast asleep
she is just exhausted
go back to sleep this is the part where
I got to you sleeping right now I'm
headed to the store because we like a
ton of stuff for pizza except we don't
have any pizza dough so I'm actually
just gonna run in grab some pizza dough
so we can make pizza tonight
cuz that sounds really really good oh
okay I'm gonna try and get before this
car crazy Brian you're seeing crazy
Brian driving right now
we're good we're good
these are Missy's favorite but she only
likes blue and red so I just spent like
a good ten minutes getting this amount
of blue and red because she's picky
so you guys it's still so weird trying
to find the color because I'm always
looking for oh wait my sunder but I
haven't had that card in years
I found her found Nessie yeah but I'm
always looking for my um my caliber
unlock unlock thank you well I just woke
up as you can tell I'm just looking
because I feel a little bit better like
I was just so exhausted I couldn't like
I just barely got any sleep last night
it definitely needed a little nap so
that was really good of course I'm in
pain still but whatever you know do you
guys know how miss he hates the olive
bar and Winco well when I was in there I
actually he sent her this I sent her a
picture of the olive bar and she was
like gross she actually said at first I
thought that was ice cream and I got
super excited woke up with this like
terrible massive craving for ice cream I
swear it's like getting the best to me
these days this ice cream just sounds so
good so I had to get her some chocolate
ice cream and she loves ice cream from
cold stone but I got her a thing of
Dreyer's chocolate ice cream in that
cold zone she usually takes the waffle
cone and chops it up inside the ice
cream so I got her some things up like I
got her some like waffle cone bowls that
um she can chop up in the ice cream and
I guess it'll be kind of like cool stone
but not really but you know you just
like I don't know she'll probably like
it more I don't know probably not she's
really picky and I just that's what I
have to do it guys nobody is turned a
picture of me downloading the app candy
crush if you don't know what it is it's
basically this game called candy crush
and it's like the most addictive game
right now out there so I was like I'm
not going to play it I'm not going to do
it so I get addicted a game is really
easily like I will just play them
non-stop but then I was just like I'm
really bored oh I should download candy
crush so I did and now I am
clearly addicted I'm on the o29 but I
haven't really gotten very far but I
just started last night and I'm I can't
live my life anymore you guys are
awesome Susie locked and actually posted
on the bumps along the way page a really
awesome link to like a chart that
basically shows like all the different
detergents and it shows what's best for
cloth diapering but run to Walmart and
see if I can find some of those I found
it found that one - so cool that's so
cool they actually had they actually had
the kind that was like the best one so
you're going to get this one and I'll
get the small bottle and then if we
start using it they have big bottles of
it too so that's awesome he's home Oh
karma so excited to see you hi
he's like nope she gets a mom you gotta
get through me yeah you're right where I
left you
yep pretty much do you want your first
surprise I have a surprise yeah oh sure
what's the first one first surprise is
they did not mean to do that on sack
like pick all these out like in
idolators that's funny
oh yeah that's cool I decided I should
do something today and so I am
organizing all of his clothes and going
to wash them also I've been taking off
all the tags getting it all ready to be
washed is really exciting that means
he's coming home soon that's basically
what that means Hong Kong today we're
gonna make some homemade pizza like we
did the other day sometime do like big
crusts instead of the smaller ones I'm
gonna have a dough already I'm gonna
about to throw it up in the air and flip
it and then I got some bacon chicken
cheese and sauce cuz I like chicken and
bacon but Missy's pretty simple she
likes just cheese pizza obviously been
sitting here for a while but look at my
feet look at them they're like um
tingling right now like they fell asleep
like my feet always fall asleep now if I
stand aware position and now my veins
are popping out so gross-looking got my
dizzle
let's slang for dough I was going my
head and a light almost like no
isn't this cool you guys I think this
definitely deserves a thumbs up if you
haven't already guessed first and it's
pretty much all ready to go sauce cheese
bacon chicken way too much leftover
chicken cheese more cheese now it's all
done and ready to go eleven how's it
look smell it boom I just put all the
whites in here and I can you that sold
almost a large load and that was just
the whites this is gonna be kind of
ridiculous that amount of clothes that
are in there is more clothes than me and
Brian have altogether and that's just
one load I still have all of his darts
and stuff kids way to make hoes it's
obvious whoa oh good this look did a
good job Brian
it's delicious this pizza is bomb and
look I even got one of those
old-fashioned Pepsi's when I was out
running errands it's not a twist top so
I have to find something to open this
and I don't know if we have anything I'm
not gonna do it I will chip my tooth I
know it I found one of these ancient
little devices don't know what era
that's from maybe like the 1700s or
something oh I need two people can you
hold my Pepsi sure you ever seen one of
these before look at it oh yeah mmm
sugar cane eat goodness so good news
Cassie was just out here hanging out and
the dog actually came by again and so
she took it around and actually we
actually found the owner so I feel so
much better now knowing that the dog is
back home and safe and everything's good
so yeah do I see how many cloth diapers
we have this is insane
clap diaper diaper cloth diaper cloth
diaper cloth diaper this is the pile of
just cloth diapers that's our pile of
inserts this is insane this is an insane
amount of diapers do we need this money
yeah you probably should get more you're
on the UK they call
I'm nappy oh yeah you're not funny yeah
there's a hole not be Zeiss so would it
be called cloth nappy son maybe leave a
comment below with how many cloth
diapers do you think this is and then
we'll shout out the person who's right
in tomorrow's vlog clapping clapping
clapping clapping clock with me so Brian
got me a team which I've been craving
all day you know am I did I just get
like the best husband away yeah and and
waffle cones which is like amazing Stan
the whole bowl thing because you put it
in the bowl I'm gonna help ya you're
gonna put it out so you actually put it
in there I'm gonna put a ball in a bowl
and put some ice cream on top of it in
the bowl and then I'm gonna eat it
inside the bowl but I'm really gonna eat
the bowl that makes sense
crunch crunch crunch crunch crunch good
good good push it up push it up good you
know good up go harder faster
stronger and that kind of looks like
poop Fran I just realized a lot of our
vlog is food huh uh yeah we provide a
lot of pregnancy cravings for you yeah
okay guys so we are snacking on our
little ice cream concoctions and we're
gonna watch Big Brother we will see you
guys tomorrow
equipment you know we have a big
appointment tomorrow early in the
morning all right
bye guys we're not even having a
heatwave you guys this is just like a
hot summer day Hey
and she's like laying here with this
watch sweat washcloth softener felting
right in front of this
yeah do you regret being pregnant during
summer now
