trevor my buddy brother ever blow my
baby melon up hey man keep the camera
out of my face
big offense you know so far okay
look at how speaking Sookie is closer
there you go oh you're going to mean
what I did did you really I did good
morning bumpers today we are headed to
the farmers market I have been wanting
to get some fresh eggs again and love
fresh eggs and I have not had any since
the first time I bought them and they
were so so good I'm going to try and
find some fresh fruit because actually
when you're at my aunt's house around an
uncle's house for fourth of July
we picked fresh peaches and like
blackberries and they were so good
ages I would love some blueberries in my
hand and then putting them into my mouth
because they're so good I love peaches
that was just so juicy they're like run
down your face I remember when I was
little my dad used to take me out every
Saturday and we'd go get a big huge
peach and we eat in the car it would
just run down our face and we get all
sticky and it was really fun
we just got raspberries and fresh
blueberries and they're so good and mis
even haggle them down babe I bet oh
that's how you do oh we just found some
eggs as well and we always ask what the
what the chickens are eating when we get
eggs because we want to make sure
they're eating all the bugs and spiders
and stuff right that's where the best
eggs are coming from there's so many
cool little things around here like
homemade soap and herbs and stuff what
peaches there's your peach babe
amazing blueberry oh is that not suppose
to use my hand this is gonna load up on
some white nectarines why not plums Oh
Missy do plums help you poop we do
something like that right that's why old
people eat them
what do plums make you do you guys okay
look guys it's a Bob graveyard
they used to be gourds and now they're
birdhouses so sad look at this giant
here oh I got you guys this is
ridiculous we even eat something like
they have no idea my mom used to make
girls all the time though and they were
like they had like accents and
everything so you know they're good yeah
Hey Hey huge
did he ever drinks a buck right now hi
oh my gosh she's so soft
Wow she's cool she'll get big sit in
there yeah so cute anyone Brian's
finally eating a zero and it's really
hard to eat you took a like the majority
of the meat I know cuz there's bleep I
can't buy my mother on it that's funny
what do they have on a like it's just
lettuce lamb cuz Iike sauce and a little
bit of hot sauce too was too leaky sauce
it's like a creamy Greek yogurt Greek
that's what the three okay they search
they have the thickest Greek accent ever
it was crazy huh here's the aftermath
that's as far as I could get it was so
good though it just fell apart
they're pretty much like exploded in my
hand I eat like a half of it'd be a lot
of the farmers market you guys have a
local farmers market in your area you
definitely have to go check it out
because I mean the prices are usually
the same as with the supermarkets
and the fruit is so much better like
every single blueberry I tried there was
an amazing it's just so fresh and juicy
and like this is amazing yeah so and
they loved that ours has like vendors
like euros and there's places that do
like burritos and tacos with like all
like fresh veggies and fruits and stuff
so that was family awesome and now we
are running home because Missy really
wants to do rebuff date we were bad we
didn't do it yesterday so we're gonna do
it today okay we're not even having a
heatwave you guys this is just like a
hot summer day
she's like laying here with this washed
this wet washcloth softener filthy right
in front of the thing I think I've
lowered my tummy tada yeah do you regret
being pregnant during summer now no yeah
you look pretty bomb in your bikini so
we finally finished the bomb Tate
we have been so bad these days but I'm
starting so now I need to get some lunch
look what I found you guys my longboard
I used to be a huge longboarder when we
lived in Idaho I'd longboard everywhere
in downtown Boise but I haven't been on
it a long time is this one of those
things like riding a bike like you never
forget I don't know we'll see
see nope nope it definitely is not like
riding a bike we go see I can do it
really hard to do and hold the camera
whoo I remember how many times I crash
on this thing right oh my god be careful
be careful
I raced a long word everywhere yeah I
used even long bark em SCV's it's not
back there that's not your toy that's a
bird little birdy I have tracked look at
how inquisitive he is where is it what
is this oh my god your toy
slowly slowly but surely oh she's got
your ball oh okay he doesn't like it you
hate I hate it did you sneeze in your
face what are you doing I'm breathing
like him no when you mock him it okay
wow they're so cute
oh hi car kiss go kiss got MA
Eureka's today I pretty much have been
not doing anything well I just I tried
to organize all his room a little bit I
really want to start washing his clothes
but every time I go shopping I forget to
buy baby laundry detergent it was just
like so hot it like I literally I have I
have been perfectly fine throughout all
these hot days but today didn't even see
like it was that high I was probably
like 90 degrees maybe we've gotten worse
and I thought I was really going to die
I should have just gone swimming earlier
but I just was doing things and I kind
of was just so tired that I couldn't get
myself to be motivated enough to do it
every time I go over the bump I was
afraid that Oliver's gonna come out me
too oh yeah if you don't know like when
we start driving you'll start to see me
like like this it hurts so bad when he
goes over them I try to go over slightly
even trying to go slower but sometimes
he just goes I'm like oh my god he just
like went like up into my throat come on
come on
we're missing ones gotta pull she has to
walk all the way to the ladder I hate
this part when I get out awesome like oh
you feel so happy like okay like let's
say you're holding someone right and
they're so like and then as you get out
of the pool like you're like come on
that's exactly that's funny this is like
heaven right now you guys do you miss
being able to sit in the hot tub
that's probably gonna be one thing
you're really looking forward to yeah
it's so nice my actually get warm yeah
see Missy always has to just sit on the
edge because it's a little too hot and
some people say it's okay some people
say it doesn't but it's just why risk it
you know that and bending over without
going oh right sleeping will be nice
you're gonna have like a whole new body
you know hugging you will be nice yeah
belly everytime she hugs me now I go
like this yeah make room for the belly
okay look at all the snails you guys
there's one right here one right there
one right there oh look at this guy he's
like oh man there's humans I better book
it better get out of here look at he's
seriously moving can you wait hi puppy
Missy found a puppy okay
here caller thank you
he doesn't know
where do you live if he's been last for
a while getting some water he's like a
big fat karma and I thought it was kind
of her wait are you sure you don't wanna
call her kind of looks like he does
this is my wife right now we have to
pull over for the stop no you cannot get
in oh hey pup let's find your home where
you live okay Missy there is a random
dog coming into our car now I mean water
oh you're friendly drink the water huh
no I don't know where you live I'm not
leaving you right here let's just fine
your hand
Missy we cannot have another dog I don't
I can't believe this hit just like we've
been walking around the streets no I
will be damned kill cuz I you thought a
lot of times get lost on 4th of July Oh
cuz the fireworks so I'm like definitely
I'm worried about okay we're gonna see
we're gonna see if the dog can find his
way out
hey go home go find your home go home
going that almost looks like a chow you
know he almost looks like it's a little
job there home with your families
people not put tents on their dog yeah
it's the saddest thing
I want to do he keeps treating the water
on the side of the roof
I mean I could walk door-to-door and
like knock on people's store and be like
is this your dog but it's too late to do
that baby yeah it's 11:30 at night and
you're nine months pregnant I can't do
that go door-to-door I'm not letting him
just wander around
he's walking now down that road really
close to that house babe do you think so
it's like I've returned a dog there
he's like walking to the door I'll go up
there you why not walk you knocking on
someone's door it's his dog are you sat
down so I'm thinking maybe that's his
house but or at least alert so bitch and
we knock at the door
he didn't live here the guy said that
he's never seen the dog before but we do
I can't leave the dog out to sleep on
the streets okay welcome to the house
and mean catcher
into the car let's think of an idea main
cast attorney class you'll think of
something go go this way go hallway just
follow us home this is not your home
Missy what have you gotten us into oh I
can't how it's not my fault I didn't
even do this random dog on our doorstep
at 11 o'clock at night
given this rendering and even Toby Nia
nice I'm gone where's your family boy
we're your family it is not me okay so
you might have been hungry cuz he ate
all that food are you just impatient
which by the way why do we have to give
him a human Bowl Cassie her cutie is
he's so cute
he's like oh you're gonna rub my belly
he's totally working right now you're
the best person in the world rubbing my
belly brother ever blow away my baby
have another hey men keep the camera out
of my face good for my belly
do your work human oh you why'd you stop
which one hand back there that's right
okay so we don't really have anything we
can do with him I can't stick him like
in my back yard or in my house I don't
know what to do so we stick a little
blanket got on the front porch hoping
maybe he'll just relax and then we can
maybe do something in the morning and
try and walk around maybe he'll go and
find his his home
I don't know there's not a lot I can do
thumbs up if you're one of those people
who find lost dogs and take some
door-to-door try to find them a home yes
just a dog person I know I just can't I
don't know what to do go in bed so see
you smile bye
feels so good
