oh I hate when you get water in your ear
yeah look like a head banger big offence
Tina so far okay look at how speaking to
kids young closer there you go
oh we were going to me what you want I
did did you really I did good morning
everyone
so me my mom are now out and about just
put on my charlie banana giveaway videos
so if you haven't checked that out go
check it out oh wait for my purse you
got my first Oh
it's like really cool today it's like
probably gonna be it's really nice so
I'm creating ice cream right so we're
getting my favorite used to talk about
all the times I craved it earlier in the
pregnancy and now I really want some now
hey guys so I'm actually all set up on
the table and I'm just getting some work
done because as you know it's been a
crazy couple of days and I haven't
really got much done and I need to get
caught up on some stuff but I actually I
had a comment from a mommy 2011 who said
Brian what kind of work do you do when
you work from home and I think I've
answered this before but basically I'm a
graphic designer and I work for a local
church I do a ton of video stuff for the
church I do a lot of YouTube stuff
basically when I sit down at trying to
vote as much time to like priorities as
possible so that I'm not on the computer
like 24/7 although I am guilty for like
being on it and being on it way too long
what are you doing
Karma's just getting into everything oh
hi boy hey boy
hi karma oh you want to come up here you
wanna do some work you know and I do
some work do you know what Photoshop is
do you know karma do you want to work in
InDesign huh huh huh no all right well
go play with your ball or something
I got work to do come on and I make this
a kit I don't make my game you guys that
reminds me that bacon I had yesterday
that huge piece of bacon I got yesterday
that's a fourth of July show it was
insane and Bill I yeah it's just I can't
stop thinking about it you guys it's
like
this is so good
Emmit yeah ha so good
she's got my ice cream it's so good
go ahead and talk about my face oh god
my hair just good chocolate all in it
that really sucks
come on you hungry whoa do you see that
major head tilt just now that was the
most head till you ever gave karma ha
earlier karma you ate earlier you're
such a fatty you just want this wanted
that food looks better mm mm inferred
now he's bringing all the cuteness what
if I rest my cute face in it the face
might looks like I'm wearing makeup on
your legs do they keep you warm I compel
you to put food your eyeliner Denbo
gorgeous today is people have actually
counted on this before and Missy and
I've always talked about it karma wears
eyeliner do you see how emo he is I
swear his eyelashes even look like
mascara John because they're so bad
don't talk about me so we're getting our
fruit and we're running out of them we
are we don't know what to do this week
couple more you could do but with data
known unlike anywhere like a durian true
I don't yeah
maybe you saying it's really ridiculous
so the fruits are definitely catching up
to us now
what's bigger than a pineapple how much
we did that
yes that was the one we did outside dang
it I know I think I should just go for
like totally off like life wait what's
that that kind of looks bigger than
about the same size the pineapple
grab it yeah some other kind of cabbage
it's like a weird kind of comment kind
of too big though huh this is coconut
look white
it's not right that actually says
coconut fresh and then that just says
coconut Sierra's going with my saying
what hit up we end up going with a Santa
Claus melon I don't know here heard of
it but I never had but so it looks like
it's just for fun I actually just got a
call from my midwife and I was so
excited because she was just literally
calling to just see how I was and just
to like talk to me and which is really
fun because one your doctor never did it
and two when you called your doctor he
never would even get on the phone he'd
be like just tell her this you know yeah
exactly I mean that's how doctors are
they don't really talk to you so she
just called it you know see how it's
feeling especially after all the
contractions and stuff asked me for any
questions it's just it was really
awesome I just felt like this is why I
did it it's exactly why I switch to a
midwife okay this you guys
we actually have every single baby item
that we need and Missy still wants to go
through the baby section we have pretty
much everything we have everything in
the world for this baby
you have a list I'm reading to you only
four or five times I've ignored it
probably about four or five times do the
wobble wobble wobble wobble you wobble
everywhere now it's the cutest thing it
really is really yeah from Taylor in
California I could haha
kick out Brian see I just started
working your bugs on both channels and
I'm already in love I look forward to
watching when new ones come on I have
been doing these types of decorative
letters for a while now and when I see
senior videos I really wanted to make
one for Oliver oh cool it's so cute Oh
for Oliver and it says his name right
here it has a little sand on it yeah
it's really cute which yeah which I he's
gonna get his nose stuck in it we also
got a package from Danielle in Illinois
ski it's gonna blow so there's two cans
of ski huh I've never heard of that I've
never heard of it
and it knows in America so yeah doesn't
seem like you
wouldn't we wouldn't know what is this
hey Brian Emma see I've been watching
your vlogs for a while now I appreciate
how open you two are about your past and
most things in your life I'm an OB nurse
and I like watching how people adjust to
their losses and how they explain their
feelings I feel like it gives me idea of
what I can expect in my patients that
experience a loss that's interesting a
big vine close is amazing it keeps new
clothes clean all the way to the sleeves
so it's basically like a shirt but it's
like yeah
oh I see that's interesting all you got
new stuff and now aside for karma to get
new stuff oh look with you guys hey I'll
throw it for you I got it ready yeah
instead he loves wrapping paper on karma
oh okay oh and then so all I got new
stuff karma got new stuff and we see got
a new chore no is that a bruise right
there on your arm do you see it oh yeah
that's probably from my shot earlier oh
that shot I gave there and I got a show
on this thing no bruise on that arm but
I got two shots on this side so oh are
you
greasing up your belly right now let me
see it's so bad oh I'm really a lot
either even hurts to touch like as I'm
trying to like put it on you look like
you're getting ready to like go into the
oven I know right okay so my mom just
like rubbed your finger along it I
couldn't feel it at all uh-huh like she
literally went I know my hands look girl
stuff but she literally went like this I
close my eyes and she like stops like
did you feel anything I was like nope
nothing nothing at all it's completely
numb it kind of does do you guys think
was he's dropped cuz that I don't he
still he's very high so high still it
still feels like he's up there but my
belly down here looks like it's come
down a little bit but I don't know maybe
I just I haven't gonna set my pants
don't really fit anymore like like on my
legs I used to fit on my waist well
he'll probably drop more like he's
probably just like the starting maybe oh
yeah maybe I'm just wrong again well and
actually they measured it and they said
on a scale of negative 3 to positive 3
he's still like a popping up negative or
positive yeah he's still like definitely
negative 3 so he's definitely away I was
making everything a mess do you see this
he's got torn up newspaper join us a
comma come on why do you do that why do
you do that to the poor little outfit
he's he's like a lunatic nothing like
maybe he's like if he was a human he'd
be a murderer
yes he loves tearing things apart no you
be the sweetest boy he'd be like Dexter
Missy and I are going to pick out all of
ours coming home outfit because he might
be coming home soon hopefully not I
think it should be one of those cool
like tank top romper things ok well the
tank top Brahma is the first time you've
actually said something like that's some
what he said wait ever in my entire life
Oh like first outfit like you need to
clarify if you want this to be as coming
home outfit and this to me is just too
much like it obviously this one's too
big but like this would be too much to
put on a newborn baby that's probably
gonna be super tiny this we have a lot
of cute I mean it's captain adorable
which already know that's gonna be his
nickname boo this is super cute yes I
love that one we were like super God
today as you tell it's dark
we did not film updated going so much
for the past week GABA me as you know
they were just like black we are gonna
go in a little thing because I I really
want some ice cream in I know I had I
said earlier guys okay hey you did yeah
who and had it you're so funny
dessert dates and essentially you eat
dinner at home and then you go out to a
nice place and you just get like drinks
or dessert and it's like you feel like
you're going out to a super nice
restaurant you're not spending almost
out of money Missy got her chocolate
shake
is it good she's very picky okay
it's very fake I sure can I be cherry
yes
there's a best part I can have all the
web cream too
this is a life you guys picky eaters I
got all the good stuff and of course
what's a good beer without wings
we're like having all our favourite
things bread bread look at they just
brought that bread to us and now it's
gone wait
ah whoa there's crazy stuff going on in
there you guys
he's had no cake ha ha ha he's like that
was yummy can I get another one wait is
he gonna talk like that
no feels so good no Phil's okay get in I
see dunk your head you can do it it's
not even cold she almost did you guys
see that she always did oh so close
go in go in there she goes barely stand
her water get a breath
oh I hate when you get water in your ear
yeah look like a headbanger trying to
get it out oh that sucks
just got back from the pool and that was
so nice it was nice to just kind of
relax and the pool just felt amazing on
this pregnant body I can't believe you
got in-house awesome highs too because I
do not go swimming unless it is hot out
so that was pretty good yeah thumbs up
for Missy you happenin hey you were
going to get in I know anything good
now I mentioned it earlier but if you
don't know we have a lot of new
subscribers so I have my own channel
which is called the bumps along the way
it'll be linked below and I'm doing a
giveaway so if you are Pat if you're
pregnant or gonna have a baby
this is the perfect giveaway for you so
go check it out oh and just so you guys
know we have something huge
coming up 20 guys to get ready cuz it's
going to be huge and it's been like
taking over our lives like the past
couple of weeks and you guys are gonna
have a freakout but it's so exciting and
we're so excited right yeah I know we
tease you guys a lot is gonna freak on
this one it's gonna be so cool
I can't wait no guess what it is leave
it in the comments what you think's
going on yeah what's gonna happen we'll
let you know when it happens like
whatever happens yeah okay we're coming
event will see you guys wrong bye
everyone tomorrow
look at this huge thing of bacon on a
stick
it's a 1/3 pound of bacon on a stick
that's how we do it in America got under
people
