a jump right when it goes right yeah but
you know maybe it's assemble yourself
Oh does it not work you know so far okay
look at how steep these two piers you're
closer there you go
oh we were going to name what you
thought I did
did you really I did good morning guys
it's another beautiful day here in
Southern California hey what are you
doing that's what I'm supposed to say
boy I just figured you're busy driving
to work worst manners ever I'm telling
you anyway hi guys I am going to work
for just a few hours and then I am
headed back home to see Missy cuz she's
got her first Midwife appointment which
is super exciting is pretty important
appointment for this morning good
morning everyone
so I am getting ready to go to my
midwife appointment I have a couple
hours till we leave but I wanted to get
things all ready and preparedness so
good our drives because of that I was
feeling some weird things this morning
I'm not like consistent contractions I
was feeling a little crampy and just
really tight and uncomfortable and so
obviously I plan to talk to my midwife
about this but I really feel like my
even send me to go get checked or
something I have decided to pack a
hospital bag just in case the sad thing
to all this is that I haven't even
filmed my hospital bag video so that
kind of sucks but hopefully this isn't
like the official bag comment we're not
playing ball right now alright so I'm
actually headed now we're gonna go my
mom needs to get her hair done so we're
going to go do that
here it looks so good to like totally
fixed it up or so John's wanted my hair
done so badly for so long I want to go
back to my I usually am very very dark
but I haven't dyed it since I've been
pregnant Smith I just didn't really feel
like it
I don't know I'm starting to get worried
I've been kind of feeling some weird
stuff today I'm really glad that my
midwife appointment is today because I
really want to see her and talk to talk
things over
I'm definitely not feeling very good I'm
having a lot of back pain some
interesting cramping possibly tightening
of my uterus it's hard for me to
determine things it's I get so like
flustered because I don't know what is
what and you know but I'm having like
those bad feelings and so I'm definitely
glad that we're packing a hospital bag
because I don't know I don't know what's
gonna happen when we get down there
Brian is actually getting everything
ready as soon as my mom gets done we're
heading straight home picking up Brian
head and straight there so we are on our
way to the Midwife appointment and it's
kind of a long drive and I feel like I'm
gonna hurl I apparently didn't know
anything until I got home and then she
was like hey can you pack a bag and put
some clothes in for you and I'm like
what what are we doing we just did this
but I think she's just taking
precautions just in case so we have all
the chargers and and clothes and stuff
like that yeah I actually was stupid and
I forgot to print the birth plan that
was part of my job and I failed I'm
sorry
pack feels amazing out here Missy we
need to move down here
let's move by the beach that's where we
are and I feel amazing it's sticky are
you okay cuz you kind of look like not
okay
you're so cute oh I'm gonna crap okay
we're good
this is a poster that is up in the
office there's lady this poor poor
lady's King birth to four headed baby
it's not funny
there are a lot of interesting things on
the wall that I won't necessarily show
you oh this is interesting to show you
that and look at this you guys have sent
the dilation sent two meters and that's
have stopped for that's probably two one
point eight one four okay you are going
to let's see I think that's fine but I
think we have to get permission okay you
know okay yeah that's all we need to
know is it whether or not it's allowed
to record and interesting how to yeah
interesting shape belly interesting
shape belly yeah these especially over
here huh yeah I've never felt him kick
over here he only kicks on that side and
he it hurts very badly so I think this
is not going to be the most accurate way
to measure your vein rarely ever hired
in her only because the she has the
ultrasounds every two weeks her
physician was never measuring her
frontal Heights but does feel like the
head is here man is there because
whenever I have an ultrasound his head
of right on my cervix you know it's
interesting that it's your 11th uterus
because I feel the baby's back it's over
illness
they said that he would basically
stretch the left side out and he you
know he's basically yeah I was taking
over yeah she's so like nice okay she
said after 34 weeks they don't stop on
yeah at this point I think the next time
I come down here is to have a baby
yes it's dark but it but you know I mean
like if I'm coming down here it's
because contractions are happening
pretty regularly okay so we just left
the Midwife appointment which was
actually amazing I loved her so much she
is like just so calm and it just is so
much nicer to have
someone who slightly like listen we are
now headed to the hospital because I am
feeling you know the tightening of my
uterus and although she did tell me that
she wouldn't hopefully stop contractions
if they started happening but I have a
few days shy of 34 weeks and we could
still do a steroid shot to help his
Keifer come early do this classy gown
Missy's in Oh God pretty I would not a
we should should we just filmed your
video for the pretty pushers gallon they
put you in this thing this is just not
yeah yeah look at it you look like a
piece of lettuce Oh something I don't
know a million bucks there's gonna
monitor the baby and do an ultrasound
and check up on things I'm not doing
that you're butylene again yeah we told
her that we just had that and they were
like where you on vacation just weird
yeah
not Halle not again it's deja vu you
guys hooked up to the Machine again
another day another hospital with that
cuz he's here now scat scat
Family Feud is he found on TV SE and i
left the room and now we're walking back
to the car basically Missy still there
and I think they started doing some
scans but we didn't bring anything from
the car I hate leaving because they're
like talking about important things but
they need the records to get anything
done so these hold also I understand
this Cassie why is it so cold cold out
here and in there I know the hospital's
freezing are we going the right way
wait oh that guy I think in the car now
we're in this Naz meeting elevator yeah
it like messes up your head pretty loud
um done yet so you just got done and
talking with the doctor and going over
everything they did a lot of tests off
to tell you the names later but I'll
probably do it on my update when we do
it everything is looking really good I
am contracting but it seems that my
cervix aren't changing too much so most
likely we are going to be gonna aren't
gonna have to stay which is cool I
really think that it's not going to
happen so that is exciting because I
don't want to stay here I want to go
home but I am contracting it's not super
fun this could be just what I do now is
just contract a lot I mean
the most annoying chair it's actually
the doctor's chair and I'm sitting here
at my computer I'm watching Missy she's
not feeling too good baby are you okay
are you sure are you contracting right
now
thumbs up for Missy you guys look at her
she's like powering through this anyway
I'm in the most loud chair in the world
let me demonstrate if it's horrible
right we were just talking about missing
Big Brother and now we found it on the
TV tonight eviction what do you guys
thinks going home
well you probably are you watched it but
yeah getting very uncomfortable in this
very tiny triage room we're still
watching you brother can you guys we'll
leave the drama that's going on already
it's not even week one isn't even over
it's crazy
can you believe we watched that whole
episode of Big Brother and then put it
up if we watch the whole episode of Big
Brother and then the doctor came in to
talk while they're doing eviction so we
had to shut it no we don't want to know
I want to watch it are you ready to get
out of here look at how comfy they are
you guys look comfortable Missy just had
another exam and two point two two point
two which is shorter but they said it's
like oh sure then they just checked like
two hours ago yeah that means that my
contractions that I'm having are not
seeming to make my cervix change they
were saying that some women if they've
had multiple babies will just walk
around like a three that's crazy that's
what I'm saying like maybe you've just
been a 1 this whole time yeah I think
that's true still don't know and she
still isn't eating dinner and we still
don't know who got evicted from Big
Brother and we're hungry and we are all
crammed in this little tiny triage room
literally that Grey's Anatomy out there
though there's like bunch of students
and like they all look awkward as he
took that ugly thing that she's been
wearing all day yeah look at her belly
it's so cute
Oliver's right there hello it is
uncomfortable a bit there but hey you
don't want to do an ID there
I'm gonna watch Cassie I don't know if I
can watch I can do it for you I would
actually you're gonna do it tell me okay
wait Thomas are you doing it okay you
are amazing Missy oh my gosh we did it
the needles out there's him hook up your
foot okay I know I'm just gonna tape it
up is he rock that IV high-five with the
other hand mmm I was seriously really
good though and I looked and I didn't
faint
that was even kids a Bella right now
they're saying that my contractions are
now two to three minutes apart which
originally they were three to five but
if it's not doing cervical change I
guess it's not a big deal yeah I mean
two hours ago your cervix was the same
as it is now so I don't know but we're
doing IV now just to help maybe the
fluid will let stopped contraction is
jump right when it goes right yeah
but you know maybe I'm gonna stop oh
that did not work grabbing some food for
Missy she really wants Wiener schnitzel
for some reason but it's one of those
weird ones where you actually have to
like stand out front in order like from
my 50s they get Cassie a cup of fries
there's no way you can eat all those
Cassie but I can help you
over the school you have no idea how
much better this too bad you've already
been here for yeah I've already been
here for what like eight six hours six
hours we've been here an agency on that
stool is cool cause my headache yeah I
mean Cass even training off okay guys
it's getting late they brought us these
blankets I think that's what they are
supposed to be I'm not entirely sure
yeah blankets but we're still chilling
out in this room and the doctors came in
and said we're gonna be here for a while
these two more hours I'd end the vlog
though and then I'm gonna edit it so
that when we actually get home I can go
to sleep
Missy's doing good though contractions
have spaced out and then two hours we'll
check the cervix again to see if there's
been any change if they're going to
change I think I'm going home it's
loudly good yeah but it's still not for
a while and we're still far away from
home gonna be a long night for us so
wish us luck and loose you guys tomorrow
okay Bart
I
don't touch me
