previously on daily bumps he's not
feeling too well see the round ligament
it's really hard right now you feel it
yeah like radiating my back - it's
almost certain that you're going into
labor
anything happens where am I gonna go it
honestly don't feel confident in myself
in knowing when to determine whether
it's a contraction or not we could be
leaving any day now I have this baby I
mean I really hope it's not did he know
he's having contractions she doesn't
want to tell me I'm actually fine so
excited fun we were on that call for
like an hour and a half and mrs. belly
is like hoping Allah are you okay are
you in labor very uncomfortable probably
been the worst of my day you think
you're in labor or if there's
possibility that you're gonna have a
baby they're just gonna send you out -
oh it's I was feeling it actually
anything at all yeah it hurts so bad so
right now I'm getting hard it's okay
it's okay babe I'm kind of just
concerned and worried and she's just
trying to relax I just really hope that
everything is okay we are walking up the
hospital it's gonna be okay okay so this
is his heartbeat I'm guessing these are
your contractions
tweeter uterus is kind of pissed right
now he does not have room he's not going
to be in there much longer yeah now it's
burning
absolutely if it were to keep going and
I would probably have to recheck your
cervix everyone tells her they're just
braxton-hicks relax
big offense you know so far okay
look at how stinky QT is y'all here
closer there you go
oh we were going to me Oh what what I
did
did you really I did
Oh
took him here
don't touch ground don't touch her on it
yeah okay sorry
probably not a fun way to start the vlog
but if you guys don't know what's going
on I'd advise you go watch yesterday's
vlog I am uploading it now and Missy
just got her last shot of what
yeah it's pretty painful it's very
burning and so now we're just gonna the
contractions have stopped
which is good so now we're just waiting
right yep we're this living less like 30
minutes make sure everything is calm and
then we'll be heading we can go home so
tired everyone's putting me on bye girls
yeah you're pretty much they know the
doctor is advocating around bed rest I
think we are yeah we are now there and
we're going home now cuz contraction of
sigh are you cold baby
that medication makes you kind of shake
in your heart race a little
I'm gonna beat home baby sure you want
to be a wheelchair
big old they even got the Jumbo ones
again okay so we are home now but I'm
going to definitely get some sleep
things seem to be calmed down and I'm
still like really shaky but I'm going to
take a shower and try and relax and go
to sleep and think everything's okay now
that we've got everything stopped and
hopefully nothing starts up again so we
well I guess we'll see you in the
morning but technically you'll see you
in like one second cuz in a second
you're gonna see us in the morning so
see you more nee good morning see those
fast this is doing better
I actually am staying home from work
today but I emailed my boss and I told
him send me work so I can work from home
and he hasn't because he kind of knows
what's going on so he's probably forcing
me to not work I was a really long night
and hopefully Missy actually got some
sleep though because you know for the
past couple days she's been having
contractions and it's probably one of
the reasons why she's been having such a
hard time sleeping good morning how you
feeling baby okay comment says good
morning good morning mommy huh hi
dreamer hey boy I really wanted to take
him with us yesterday eat ramen do you
think you can be there when Oliver's
born so you can say hey John who is Big
Brother is I guess you know I think that
I really felt silly I felt like the
majority of people
we're telling me like they're just
braxton-hicks relaxed don't it's not a
big deal you can have those four weeks
blah blah blah because it really is hard
to determine what the difference is
between a Braxton Hicks and a
contraction they're very similar and
yeah Braxton Hicks don't normally hurt
but I've heard that they also do
something they can make you very
uncomfortable and can hurt too
I'm not on any kind of bed rest I'm not
on doctor ordered bed rest but my family
has basically put me on bed rest which I
obviously agree with because I just
thought that medication that they gave
me was terrible and I definitely want to
at least get till tomorrow to talk to my
midwife trying to just take it easy and
all that but so is
you win your cervix if you say your
cervix is one centimeter dilated does
that mean it's like diet like it's open
like this or does it open like this like
like a camera aperture open it's
literally opening like letting more like
it's letting more like what would be the
app stocking put away that's very small
one centimeter is f4 you're at four
that's a really good opportunity a baby
is that small though it's small okay
yeah so he's crazy because he's just he
the only way you can understand it I
guess is by using camera talk so that's
interesting
oh my goodness it is so freakin hot you
guys it's ridiculous in this car right
now I'm headed to go get Missy some
Lundy saw me eating pick-up sticks as I
was like finishing it and she's like
whoo I want that and now she is very
adamant about me getting her pickup
sticks for lunch even though we had it
for dinner last night but this is just
the joys of a pregnant woman you know
what I mean is like she just gets
focused on something and she can't stop
focusing on it so I would have very much
rather her to eat the leftovers and I
would have found something to eat
because I'm not picky I still haven't
done anything today and it's been a good
four hours and I feel so lazy but
Bryan's headed to go get me lunch
because I'm absolutely starving and I am
craving the same thing we had last night
because it was so good hopefully hurries
up because I'm going to pass out from
starvation if I don't eat something
right now so better or not you eight I
am a bed rest but I could have some
things that need it done so on this in
the car I'm just going to order bride
around
what to do and tell me going sir I think
I get to be her slave but I'm not going
to get out of the car I'm just going to
sit in the car
so it's going to be a fun afternoon in
the hot car sure this comment is by G
pass girl 1017 and she said did you know
pineapple is said to induce labor just
wondering if Penelope might have come
back to bite ya
which actually did read that someone
also posted on my facebook I believe
that is funny I I really didn't eat any
kind of pole I I don't really like
pineapple but I did try it I had like
180 little bite outside mmm oh no that's
kind of gross kind of thing oh that's
kind of interesting though friends like
I bet it was a pineapple I bet that was
it really think so I am I kind of
thinking I was on that yoga ball for I
made a good hour and I don't know if
that it really could have done it I mean
I talked to them about it like could
that have done it and they were just
like mm you know I mean I was I was
balancing a little bit by was even
really bouncing I was mostly sitting
there if you look finds my little slave
he has to get everything for me he's
laughing a lot guess what just happened
what our car just got its first piece of
fan mail on Nessie Nessie Landing yeah
that's so funny does a really nice
little drawing though I know I wonder if
baby Oliver guess what you guys Cassie
has just officially finished a rite of
passage
she passed her driver's test Oh click
that like button for Cassie cuz she's
awesome found it huh
so how long till you're on the road we
can make the point for the behind the
wheel and then once I do that you're
gonna let us know right so we can not be
in our car okay so this package is from
Haley McDonald who is a big fan we see
here all over our comments all so Thank
You Haley you're awesome and it's
actually it actually is addressed to
Nessie it's so cute
we got hay daily bumps a bumper sticker
oh my gosh what is your face babe
and for Nessie oh my gosh so cute he is
actually our number one Scottish bumper
she's from Scotland
I don't know how to do a squash accent
yeah Missy is a sucker for anything
Scotland including that one after Oh
Gerard Butler she's got it right there
on the tip of her tongue all the time
well there's anywhere I want to go in
the entire world its Scotland yeah have
you pretty dope Maci's been lazy all day
such a lazy bum
just kidding you're supposed to be lazy
do you see the chalkboard is still blank
and I have the chalk it's just someone
had to have some contractions yesterday
I needed some attention yeah Missy was
feeling very alone and neglected I think
yeah definitely oh so much I want to do
yeah no I actually think I was headed to
get some cold stone with Jimmy so I
actually got to go so you just you just
have great time sitting there on the bed
just think about you can Google some
images of ice cream so I'm good for you
I'm just kidding I'm not that me and you
guys all right look at this you guys you
remember Missy did a giveaway on her
channel when you were how many
subscribers two thousand two thousand
and we're actually getting ready to do
another one but when she was at two
thousand scribe she did a giveaway with
Biddy baby Banz
we actually just ordered let me show you
guys oh my gosh it's a crown with little
buttons all over it oh my gosh
from Biddy baby uns look how cute he's
going to have the cutest Newbern shoe I
know many newborn shoots actually yeah
so cute holy crap you guys okay we need
to stop doing videos during the day it
is just so hot and these lights the
lights that we use in Missy's videos are
so hot all the time they like put the
temperature of the room up I like at
least 15 degrees we were actually
planning on doing uh two videos today
just to knock a couple out and I were
like that's not gonna happen it is so
hot you just did a really cool video on
her hospital gown so go check it out on
her channel cuz it'll be up this is so
excited because I was able to put on my
new hospital gown which is so cute look
at this
I'm like so happy I just I'm so happy to
not have to wear the hospital gown just
even yesterday when we were in the
emergency room I was just like this is
so uncomfortable and just you feel gross
and ugly and big and fat it's not fun so
I feel like this is gonna be so much
more like flattering and so much cuter
on me I'm just so happy that I actually
got one
so yes drew bath for Missy and I just
had a little bit of soap and it made way
too many bubbles so so like that do you
enjoy your bath hmm are you comfortable
like that doesn't look very comfortable
either
is he okay is he staying in there today
yeah yeah I've been fighting for the
past like I don't know about 30 minutes
try cool good Oh Missy was in there I
did the chalkboard and we decided to do
a little countdown make a little sample
so it says six more weeks till baby oli
I wouldn't say we decided it was like
like the main thing that everyone wanted
oh yeah everyone pretty much commented
that we should do a countdown and it
looks cool yeah um I did want to say
thank you guys to everyone who's been
you know praying for us and leaving us
really nice comments since what happened
you know today and yesterday and if we
felt like we left you hanging you guys
got to go like our facebook pages in the
description if anything ever happens
like that of course we'll update and let
everyone know what's going on so today
I'll link the bumps along the way
Facebook page as well as the daily bumps
Facebook page below so you guys can
check them out and like them tomorrow is
Missy's first Midwife appointment so I
can't wait to get
dunt because I just feel so much in
limbo right now yeah it's gonna be a fun
one because you're gonna get to walk in
and be like guess what happened it's
gonna be I hope it's not too long so I
feel you have so much to tell her yeah
you've been going over my head I'm just
like I'm gonna be there for hours also
might be doing the labor and delivery
tour
oh yeah anyway thank you guys for
watching tomorrow's gonna be fun day and
we will see you tomorrow okay
but I wasn't doing it actually anything
at all if I'm just a little baby but
they said you just they don't like it
still see also the word single they just
send you they register you but then they
send you up to labor and delivery they
all call doctor there will basically
assess you and tell you what's going on
now I'm just kind of freaked out
