no wonder she knows big offense you know
so far okay look at how stinky poopy is
your poster there you go
oh we were going to me thought I did did
you really I did
good morning guys I am on day one back
to lose it so if you guys don't know I'm
using this lucid app and this app
basically helps me lose like 30 pounds
last time so now I'm going to be using
it again and you know I never really eat
anything in the morning which is really
bad so right now I'm just going to do a
little chocolate shake and I have peanut
butter in there and this is really good
just cuz it's good to have something in
your stomach and it's slim fast I don't
overly control my hunger but it helps
just to eat something because normally I
don't
so the throat on the Ebola mmm
boom and that is what it looks like nom
breakfast let me know if you guys are
I'm gonna try and lose some weight with
me I got like 20 pounds like I said last
time I did about 33 was a little more
than 30 pounds but I really want to try
and lose like 20 more pounds I think
that'd be awesome
oh and of course I'm doing it right as
like summer is gonna end and we're going
into winter and usually people bulk up
in the winter like karma talk karma you
get you turn to a fatty McPhatter make
sure you guys see all this hair on him
he totally needs a shave Hawk arm you
know I got this Jase you know the snore
D just did what's wrong what are you
doing please young boy you sweat for the
camera look how good of a husband I am
helping out with laundry I'm such a good
guy I'm so amazing I'm so awesome Missy
don't you agree
ah you know okay this is really hard we
just got these new dryers and they're
like really deep like I could like
actually go in here do you guys see this
I'm like there's still room why are they
so big Missy you guys are wondering what
these little balls are they're dryer
balls I don't know subscriber set up so
we drove in there so haven't even
started vlogging and I'm like
already out of breath but I bet you guys
can't guess what I'm doing
it's organizing I used to like to try
and get as much stuff done in the
morning times I get so exhausted so
quickly but actually really cool thing
that we just purchased yesterday was a
trash can for his cloth diapers I'm
going to put that together and put his I
really like this because I feel like
it's going to really contain any smell
that could come out of it and obviously
it's also a foot thing and I know I just
really like it I think it's going to fit
really well so the only thing I'm
worried about is the wet bag actually
fitting in here and not like making it
hard to close so I guess we will
experiment with that hung up almost all
his three and there's some six months in
here also all those clothes and it came
out it came off perfect so yay
Brian come see oh you put the liner yeah
and look it has this little thing just
mash it down so it won't like get in the
way yeah just like it's like perfect
yeah yeah so you just like smash this
all down around it so it doesn't oh okay
sorry
so yeah and that cool cool I love it it
looks kind of cute with the little
ruffles all around it looks like less
like a trash and more like a uh enough
color saving little do they know what
lies in the trash guy yeah you can put
that over in the corner though oh why
can't I here for me yes you can don't
work where are you gonna put this no no
this is no probably in a room actually
yeah
probably just some put it back there for
now and then I've got his toy box
actually because I lost that for a while
he's got so many toys already he just
has so many toys and he's not even here
yet you okay this is like Fanning
herself I'm actually headed to shoot a
wedding today which is super fun I love
shooting weddings and so I wanted to
show you guys everything that I'm
getting prepared I have a flash this is
a condenser for the flash that goes
right on top just makes it so the
Lighting's not so harsh and stuff I've
got extra batteries for the flash
because this thing eats them up of
course I'm taking my d7000 this is the
camera that I love
of and I'm taking a battery grip so I
have an extra battery stored in here
which is actually charging right over
there I've got three lenses
I'm gonna take my 18 to 105 my 50
millimeter portrait and then 55 to 200
just in case I'll probably be using my
50 millimeter 1/8 lens because I love
this lens just gives an awesome bokeh
which if you don't know means like the
blurriness behind the foreground so this
is a really great portrait lens I'll
probably use for the couple right after
the ceremony and then one thing that's
going to save my life is this carrier
and basically what it does is it goes
this part goes under my armpit and this
goes over my shoulder and then it's like
a sling and it basically allows me to
like have hands-free so I can actually
let go the camera and it will just fall
right by my side which is really
convenient so I'm getting everything all
prepared up I'm excited because I
haven't done a wedding in a while and
then this one just came up and I have
another one in a month or two so that
should be really shiny nemec's doing
laundry you love doing laundry don't you
it's like my life just wait till
Oliver's here you know how many like
that I almost had nappies almost said
nappies you guys I bet you know me cloth
diapers we're gonna have to like wash
you can put me on like a duty if you
want me to just do his clothes or just
the diapers or something handle it like
we only we only do like one load a week
now well you are a new washer and dryers
actually huge
are you do you find that the loads are
bigger yeah actually that is sure I have
a wet rag on me trying to cool down my
body but my cloth diapers have finally
started to quilt up so they're starting
to look like what they're supposed to
which is kind of exciting I've been
washing them like just like with
everything else over and over to try and
get them to quilt up and now they're
starting to get a lot more absorbent
which is really cool
she's checking her blood pressure do you
feel okay headache you know actually I
have a really bad headache too it'd just
be the heat or maybe I have preeclampsia
96 over 6200 that's your normal right is
very bad hate being a baby but I'm
definitely looking forward to seeing my
midwife tonight because just have a lot
of weird symptoms and questions and get
things checked out yeah meaning baby
inside me you have this huge thing
inside you suck in your life yeah so I
am making some lunch I got some grilled
chicken going and throw it on some
Caesar salad mix that I got yesterday
this stuff is pretty good then I'm also
doing some guacamole cuz Missy is very
very hot she's got like a wet rag on her
toe i cooled down and so I thought
guacamole would be good way to cool down
too so karma was just playing and his
bowtie fell off so he literally picked
it up and ran it over to me and dropped
it and was like I'm sorry I broke it but
that's kind of sad no no what was he
doing oh did it fall off boy you liked
that beau huh don't eat it I mean please
we'll have to just put on his other one
oh grandma you take your bow ties so
here is a lesson in leaving early for
you guys I am I have to shoot this
wedding at 4:00 so I got to the location
at 3:30
um and then I realized that's not the
location
so I reluctant out I am 30 minutes away
so yeah I left early I was gonna be
super early and now I'm gonna be right
on time but at least somebody got there
I'm a little bummed cuz Missy hasn't
been feeling very good lately and we're
not sure if she has preeclampsia
but she's feeling a lot of the symptoms
of it
so she's going to go see her midwife
today and she said there might be a
possibility that they'll make her stay
at the hospital or we're just not sure
so it's kind of a tough time to be
leaving but I told her I need 24/7 text
updates all the time I am off to my
appointment right now which I'm
definitely interested in what she has to
say I've just been feeling a little off
lately like just really really bad
headache blood pressure that's higher
than normal obviously my blood pressure
is still perfectly fine but it's higher
than usual and it's always with a
headache which is just kind of worries
me and so I'm there's a few other things
I've just been going on and I want to
talk to her about and of course I
brought my hospital bag just in case
because you just never know what she's
going to say or if she's going to send
me the hospital and so it's kind of
sucks though that Brian can't come to
this one hope it's actually from now on
all my appointments are like during
times when he's basically not going to
be available to come
he's doing a wedding right now which is
a pretty big deal hopefully he's having
fun and doing it because he really just
photography is one of his his passions
and more than doing graphic design I
would say at the church so when he gets
a job like this it's really exciting
probably the best thing about shooting
weddings food probably not a good day to
start my diet huh
look at all this stuff oh my gosh we are
headed home okay my appointment went
so well I recommend these my midwife
appointment like I feel so happy and so
good I'll obviously give you all the
details in my bump tea which flavor
coming tomorrow but I'm not going to the
hospital everything's good my blood
pressure was actually quite low as it
usually is this way she feels really
good that everything is still fine and
perfect so I just got out cheating the
wedding and I'm on my way home I'm
actually Missy just walked into Target
and I'm like right by the target so
maybe I'll sweep in and see her the
wedding went great it was so good and
like it was just such a great spot and
time of the day coz the Sun was going
out as you can see it's kind of dark
outside I hope you can even see me but
maybe I'll show you a couple pictures
tonight I'm going to throw a couple of
on my Facebook page okay looking for
Missy I don't know why shushing you
yes
I wonder if she knows
hey I was looking for you buy diapers
did you find them no I liked you told me
you're at the target I like book day we
are currently looking for some diapers
yes we were planning on cloth diapering
but for those first couple days and
maybe even tell me um Mara corneum I
don't know meconium Kolya but for those
first of all days obviously the meconium
and also you know there's times that
maybe cloth diapering might not be as
convenient when we're out and about make
some time for us to get wholly used to
cloth diapering so we are buying seventh
generation they are seventh generation
because they are completely free food
diapers and three of them come over a
premium absorber nice step no latex no
fragrances I think they have a little
bunny ah
so we're gonna do that for first couple
days just in case yeah it turns out that
seventh generation actually doesn't have
newborn size or at least they don't sell
them here which kind of sucks they only
have the one size up to 8 to 14 pounds
which I only want him really in him when
he's a newborn and that could mean that
he doesn't even get a chance to wear
them he was gonna order the honest it's
called honest all of diapers and even
have some with anchors so that's kind of
yeah it's cool so we can just get a few
from there but now we have to wait and
hate ordering things online kind of
sucks but also looking at these Huggies
pure and natural but they're just not
exactly what I want no Huggies actually
doesn't have any smell tells not huh if
I were to end up doing disposable if I
was to do that it would be Huggies the
back smell hair burning smell these
Oh like Greeks eating it see I'm not the
only wine holy-moly shooting that
wedding like took so much out of me like
running around with a camera for like
four hours in the hot Sun definitely
beat me and I think I'm gonna have a
little bit of sunburn pretty much
exhausted you guys see this hair look at
his hair loo this hair it's like crazy
right now I totes need a haircut I'm
gonna try and get one tomorrow after
work but I don't know what do you guys
think should i bro it out again I don't
know anyway we are getting ready for bed
it was a long day I did want to mention
though if you guys want to see a couple
pictures from tonight's shoot then you
can go to my facebook page which is in
the description it's called landing
imagery um I did put a couple pics up
there so you can check your arrow but I
hope you guys enjoy the blog thumbs up
if you did and I guess we'll see you
tomorrow right do you guys Singlish your
blog tomorrow I'm like talking to I'm
like looking at the camera and talking
to it like expecting a response I'm not
hearing anything so maybe you guys don't
want me to vlog wait do you should I
show that vlog I can't oh hey I think I
hear someone yelling yes yes you should
what are you thinking I would die if you
didn't anyway I hope you guys had a
fantastic night and as always we will
shoot you cruel or rude
Oh
hey that's my line wow this is my shout
I'm sure this is my show
laughs hey no cursing even if the other
time he starts talking to our intrical
part to the blog promise you will not be
overshadowed and entirely
