good morning guys hey that's my line
no it's not this is my show I'm pretty
sure this is my show
uh I thought this was my show Wow
hey no cursing even if the other zombie
starts talking still are an integral
part to the vlog I promise you will not
be overshadowed and I totally plan on
overshadowing him biggest unit so far
okay look at how stinking cute he is
there you go oh we were going to name
what you thought I did did you really I
did
morning guys Bob definitely took my line
this morning I'm driving to work right
now and it's so nice out today actually
it's pretty hot I need to turn on the
air-conditioner side for the weird angle
right now there you go that's better
okay so I totally missed my exit I went
a little too far sometimes that happens
when I get in the car tell me if happens
to you guys but sometimes I get in the
car and I literally go on autopilot and
I just start driving I don't know where
sometimes I'll just go straight to my
old work sometimes I'll like go to the
old house
sometimes I'll go to like Walmart I'll
be like this will be like why are you
driving to Walmart I'll be like I don't
know usually we drive to Walmart it's
not a good thing to have so definitely
not bragging right now cuz I feel pretty
stupid yeah it can't tension I'm morning
everyone so I'm just getting ready for
the day and I've got laundry lots of
laundry to do I found a whole other box
of Oliver's stuff he's got a whole
nother box of blankets that I gotta wash
and stuff I just totally didn't I lost
it when I found out I was like yeah more
laundry so now I got to do more laundry
and I'm actually headed to go meet Bryan
for lunch I think he's about ready for
me to leave so I'm probably gonna start
getting ready to go pick him up and go
to wish giant spider in the office what
is this thing
creepy look guys Missy pick me up you're
such a good wife taking me to lunch on
your dime right this morning I grabbed a
little scratcher when I was grabbing
something to drink and I won I don't
know how much I won but they only have
three of a kind and I'm full out so
Missy was like where do you want to go
and I was like I don't know where you
want to go and she's like I don't know
where you want to go and I was like I
don't know where you wanna go and then
usually just happens but then she's like
it kind of depends on how much you just
won so let's see it's honest I really
don't want McDonald's ready ready take
it
ticket wah-wah-wah five bucks
we got five bucks babe never had free
birds before so we're gonna try it
holy moly you guys this burrito is
awesome I got like this red pepper
tortilla thing and it's like so good
holy SH Rita cos cut you're gonna really
gonna try and tempt this one I really
feel like it's ripe and
by the way your twins are looking
amazing today I'm talking about him yeah
we're having to we didn't tell you guys
where I mean - yeah I really wanted
burritos and Missy had to get subway
because she's picky yes and I did time
in life about it and she said yeah and
also here at free birds they have pop
brownies so there's that there didn't
brownies in a pot no Missy
they say pot brownies brownies in a
frock no Missy they're pot brownies you
don't know that
here's a tip for vlogging always have a
wife because she checks my teeth right
before at one I do want to say I don't
know if it's quite better than
whole life I don't really know
Missy can't really judge cuz she don't
do burritos they have a lot more options
and it's pretty good I don't like the
lime cilantro right
mmm-hmm I don't know if you guys have
freeware attention filet which ones do
you guys like matter because this is
pretty good
I like the tortilla I think it's still
actually better now this pot brownie is
good dude
John tribefolk really got it eating
today be a food okay seriously normally
this is crap little pig today you want
to try some you do pop rounding for the
pregnant lady like it I still don't like
it what for real it's just store food I
don't - I'm very fresh Missy has to have
fresh baked brownies that's how she does
it taste like something in it
preservatives or something else thank
you for the ride pregnant chauffeur lady
is that I love you wait where did your
oh I put the ticket in your purse so go
get go get my money okay okay we got the
money or the ticket the ticket go get
some money with the ticket and tell them
to give you more because you're pregnant
so I thought I would just pick myself up
a Starbucks which of course has no
coffee in it um but I have been fine
it's gotta be the first day that I felt
like absolutely like I'm going to die
from this heat and it's not even that
hard day but I have a raging headache so
I thought I would check my blood
pressure just because I have a headache
that kind of worries me so I'm gonna
check it right now
126 over 32 that's definitely higher
than it usually is I don't think that's
not really like for me to really worry
about it's still somewhat low I mean
it's still normal but it's higher than
what I normally like a 100 over 60 or
something so I don't know I don't know
what that has to do with why I have such
a bad headache it might just simply good
because it's just so hot and I'm very
pregnant
it is officially too hot for this
pregnant mama I am about to go hop in
the pool out there and maybe go swimming
with at Karma I'll show you guys
actually got my diaper bag today I
seriously love this thing um I picked it
out for a lot of really cool reasons but
especially because my friend actually
had it and I saw it and I was like I
love that thing I just diaper bags are
hard to like find the perfect one for
you in your style and it's perfect also
because it's like a neutral color for
Bryan so that's really exciting too
because that means that I'm getting
ready to do my what's in my diaper bag
video so that should have to / soon and
I can talk about all the reasons why
I've got it and what kind it is and
where I got it and all that so this is
super cute leo is getting a bath it
basically like a full bath and massage
basically he I don't know he's just he
gets ski it special treatment because
he's just a little he's a little baby
dog is I do skip the pool because
Karma's been swimming in it a lot it has
a lot of debris in it and I don't have a
school skimmer
so I'm sitting in the cross on my little
chair with a sprinkler that's not like
pointing at me but it's like misting it
it's really nice
and Karma's playing out here hey Carl go
get your frisbee not that sprays me get
the other frisbee go get get your
friends be over there you just like to
attack the water hit the water come on
kid get wicket can I get it
get it boy get it
get that water thank you boy
so Cassie found a big ol thing of chalk
and we're gonna go around karma cuz he
is fun to mess with blue or or orange
I'm gonna say orange cuz he's pretty
orange hey lay it down okay Harriet let
good boy good boy
oh right I love your belly oh yeah grab
your Betty grab your bed rock your bed
no I want out I want to rub your chest
come hey there we go there we go
Gary he'll work he does not want us to
Chuck here let me do your belly oh man
this is gonna be funny
whoa but I don't know
Oh move your fingers Spratt up
ah
that my nose and dot I get up and look
why what's wrong with your butt what's
wrong with your butt babe and your nose
something happened to Missy's nose it
looks like there's an arm growing half
your head it's like honey who's my nose
I don't know I was just following the
outline of your beautiful face I'm sorry
that's cute Oh baby you got chalk on
your tush good morning guys just kidding
but we just woke up from the most
glorious nap my eyes are all glassy DCM
DCM DCM guy took a really good nap and I
gotta say it was kind of exciting
because I know once maybe Oliver's gonna
be here is like we're gonna be taking
that because we're gonna try and sleep
as much with him so we're not like
complete zombies hey what's that
supposed to mean do you think I'm crazy
understand it it's not my fault that the
zombie wants to talk to me Missy come on
everything talk you like like the other
day in the ball you made like three
different things talk okay you make
karma talk you made a stuffed animal
talk I think oh the bear the bear
remember you were like the bear was old
offended cuz I called it fat oh yeah
make everything talk I just have a very
big imagination okay we took a nap today
and it was super nice and I just I kept
thinking about taking naps with Olly and
how amazing that's gonna be and
excited I am and how was I guess I was
there there and if you guys don't know
today was my prediction day I always
thought 36 and 5 days and that's today
and I'm just gonna say that they're
still like 6 hours left in the day so it
could still happen I mean I could start
labor maybe I doubt I could have him
today
my prediction hasn't even happened yet
so so you're still on the board yep I'm
still on the board not me I suck thumbs
up if your guys's prediction is still
there and it hasn't passed yet because I
know I'm a little bummed that well it
hasn't happened
right my prediction hasn't passed yet
could still come true okay it's still
come true who's thinks who thinks that
by the end of this vlog we're gonna be
rushing to the hospital do I turn here
yeah okay okay okay we're good we're
good
I'm gonna stop vlogging and driving now
it's made a big run to the grocery store
and I got some good stuff here
salad spinach chicken avocados and if
you guys don't know when I first started
the vlog I want to lose some weight I
was like 240 pounds and I lost like 30
pounds and it only took the course of
maybe like two or three months and then
since then I'm sort of relaxed and I've
been able to eat what I want and just
chill out about it and I checked my cell
phone it only games like three pounds
since then so I figured it's probably a
good place to get started so I'm gonna
start doing my normal routine of grilled
chicken lots of spinach and then also
I'm drinking I drink slimfast in the
mornings because it's good to to fill my
stomach with something early in the
morning because I usually don't eat
breakfast so I'm not like on a slimfast
diet or anything but the Shake Mix is
pretty good and I usually always throw
like a tablespoon of peanut butter or
half a banana or something like that and
I guess you guys will get to see again
sort of me get smaller because I'd like
to lose maybe 20 more pounds I think
would be really nice losing 50 pounds
within a year would be pretty insane for
me would be awesome and as I'm
keen to you and telling you this Missy
is making javac chef days so it
definitely doesn't help having a
pregnant wife when you're trying to lose
weight don't even watch what you eat
so I'm sitting here waiting for my
cookies and playing my other addiction
which is candy crush I'm currently on
level 75 which I was done on 65 for like
I swear like three days and now I'm like
booking through all the 70s it's like
ridiculous I'm totally addicted and
that's exactly why I should not get into
these games see and like everyone really
wants me to start reading The Hunger
Games books and I really really want to
but once again that's exactly why I
don't read stuff like do things like
this because I literally will just get
so addicted anybody want to detract from
here
crushing yeah exactly I got a I got a
candy crush I can't be reading right now
and I do have more important books to
read like the I'm a guide to childbirth
I've been really trying to work on that
for like ever and I just never can see
in the fighting of time to sit down and
read and not fall asleep so anyways we
are getting ready for bed and gonna eat
some cookies and relax and lay down so
tomorrow I've got a big appointment so
that's to be exciting and we will
probably just see you guys tomorrow hey
that's the queen
we just gave birth to a absolute boy
wait that's we touch it
but if she named them all over though
semi-great gee we did it first even have
a video improvement right yesterday we
noticed that he actually went down a
little like it's the same as it was
yesterday huh is
