he is getting dressed in a car eight
months pregnant really I do
good morning everyone so today is a busy
day I still have to go find my other
outfit and you know how hard it is for
me to pick an outfit I wanted to have
like two outfits for the photo shoot
it's gonna be at the beach and I've got
one it's kind of like a it's a dress and
it's like a really it's like pretty but
I wanted the more like casual dress or a
casual outfit something that I can
easily lift up my shirt and like show my
belly and stuff so I hope to figure that
out today I also have to figure out
Brian's outfit or what Brian's wearing
at least like his shirt and stuff and I
have to do it all the day before it gets
too late we are going to the photo shoot
photo shoot more towards sunset so I
have all day basically but it's still
stressful because you know how I am I
can't make a decision and I'm I'm very
wishy-washy when it comes to what I'm
gonna wear and probably gonna take my
mom tip stick she is very good luck when
I go shopping she always finds the
perfect outfit so Missy is out running
errands and she just texts me in said
crap did we leave the watermelon in the
car and go check we did but I'm pretty
sure that we did boom there it is this
probably is not very good I'm at me and
my mom are actually back at my
because my boss was like um you left
your gallon of milk here so I'm just
getting ready to leave but look at this
you guys tell me what you think this
reminds you of yeah here's Missy's
coconut oil it is completely melted on
top what does it remind you of where are
my friends fans at she said jar of fat
then you are correct
remember the jar of fat that Joey had to
drink yeah this reminds me of that oh
that is so gross it just got a little
bit cooler but yeah it is freaking hot
today in Southern California a Heidi Kim
commented on today's vlog or yesterday's
vlog and said that her husband was
shaking her head when we were saying
that it's 87 degrees we were like it's
so hot it's 87 degrees and she lives in
a hot hot hot desert and it's like 117
there so kind of feeling her pain right
now because it's in the triple digits
and I need to bowl with my windows now
and crank this I see
thumbs up for AC am i right at the mall
I got to get something to wear for the
maternity shoe which was supposed to
leave in like two hours for so cutting
it pretty close okay so I'm trying on
some different outfits for the maternity
shoot time I don't know if you guys know
that I'm like seriously I would type
yeah and I still do my hair so I really
like this but it's not I don't know it
kind of pops up but I really like these
white pants they kind of are like beachy
to me because they have like they're
like rough stuff you know kind of thing
but look at these I walk down the base
oh my gosh
these pants
there's anchors on them but I haven't
tried them on yet so much I want but
they're so cute they're kind of like a
cream color or maybe like a grayish
color but their little blue anchors that
would be so adorable but I don't know
cuz they're not maternity pants so it
kind of always depends on it so it
didn't you're not what do you think can
I rock it I like it
so unfortunately I can't show you how I
look at these because I do not fit in
them in at all like at all but I think
I'm gonna go with this shirt I'm gonna
have like a different undershirt that
would work so that it's like more white
to the bottom of this one so that I can
kind of like show my belly like this
kind of so I think I'm gonna do this
shirt but I guess you guys will see my
final decision once we get down to the
beach because I don't I might have a
couple different options available now I
gotta give up Friday's outfit trying to
send me see pictures but I have no
signal so I have to hold my phone up
he's working come on come
I did it I actually picked out an outfit
and I feel really good about it actually
so I'm telling you this she's really
good luck she yeah cuz she just is like
nope it doesn't work Brian will just
tell me that looks really good that
looks really good I really like that I
really like that and I'm like what I
don't know and so like I can trust my
mom cuz she's you know she's like the
good she's like your best friend who can
be like no that looks really bad on you
but it doesn't hurt your feelings
because you know you need the truth
sometimes I had to get a root beer
because when I'm with Missy she doesn't
let me drink through there she says that
it smells and I also got some lunch cuz
I haven't eaten all day and I'm seeing
if Missy likes my shirt
cuz she said that she doesn't think I
can rock them we'll see probably really
gonna piss her off
oh my god okay so I'm wearing my team
top what do you guys think
Missy hates it I mean I know don't I
don't have a Duns or anything but I
think it's that bad right what do you
guys think
can I rock it and do it you know how
when we lock the car and your keys are
in there and then it makes a like loud
beeping sound and it's really annoying
yeah well today I was getting on the car
and I locked it and it made that sound
cuz I had left my keys in there you left
your keys in there yeah yeah so saved us
from walking the key in the car good job
good job Prius you're some smart ness
he's very smart and she's getting her
hair done
or her all curly we're on our way to the
beach and I'm hope I'm kind of stuck
at the time I think we're okay but we
kind of left late and I'm I'm ago I just
today he's been like really crazy and so
I was able to do something with my hair
like I have like curls in it and stuff
but I wanted to look to look beachy
because it's gonna be breezy and beachy
and so I didn't want to be like this
perfect girl hair you know kind of thing
so hopefully I love someone decent I
could and I'm so fun because I couldn't
get my bangs down in time we were just
literally rushing out of the house I
don't know I think it'll still turn out
because I think we have a good studying
in a good area and I think that they can
make me look somewhat decent generally
my husband decided to get a tank top I
don't know I guess I'm just I've never
really liked guys in toxic tank tops I
guess you can say do it let me know I
don't know I just I think that there's
some people who can maybe but I don't
know I feel like I'm being one of me out
would you say that it is kind of me I'm
not trying to be
that's the thing and Brian's a hot guy
right keeps him cooler and he'll be so
much happier I think he actually
probably released a lot of stress right
not having to feel so sweaty all the
time you can't imagine if I had to wear
a like short sleeve shirt every day I
probably died oh we might have run into
a bit of a roadblock I don't know yeah
you know you go ambulance I don't know
what to do you guys okay so stressful
you guys ask her okay that's kind of sad
oh they got a stretcher out I hope
everyone's okay though it's like
kind of a second thing I know right so
we're here and now figure beautiful it's
so pretty
now we just have to figure out where
she's at and then we should be doing our
shoes oh my gosh
wow that's a fair she is getting dressed
in a car eight months pregnant at a red
light just got to the beach and this is
our photographer crystals there hi yeah
traffic was pretty crazy but we made it
I'll have all the crystals details down
below in the description too so you can
check out like our Facebook page and
website and stuff but we have some fun
Missy's all dressed up she got dressed
in the car at a red light while we're
about to do a u-turn alright let's do
this
this is getting undressed at the beach
does getting the surgeons look how close
the fair is you guys right there you
cannot see cuz it's overexposed so cool
these are like some really cool cliffs
working at look at the donkeys playing
in the water this is actually a dog
beach and so oh look at that son babe
it's beautiful all right here I know
this is so cool that look at these
cliffs I know this is a really cool
place to go
can you guys believe we're doing
maternity pictures like seems like
everything is going so fast
so yeah if so after countless hours of
shopping
like how many returns like three dress
returns Macy found the dress and she
just now put it on you guys gonna see it
you'll see it yeah boom it's white I'm
low sir check it Wow this is wearing a
white chevron long I don't know any of
those words you're gonna get wet
are you ready the water is getting very
close am I sure that you look okay I'm
pretty sure that's a trick question I've
heard you say before that white people
well a little bit I don't think that
really matters with you because you're
pregnant
okay she's taking pictures of us now I
have to say it's actually kind of nice
not having to like be behind the lens or
worry about what I'm doing
oh look at that
and of course you see as being a rock
star that she's amazing
repeat so crystal how long have you been
shooting for
five years right on and how'd you get
started right on I have to say I work
with a lot of photographers like second
shooting and stuff and you're so easy a
lot of photographers like they try and
make you really intimidated you know and
you're awesome
so you're rockin it and she's also
expecting you guys you can't tell at all
are you kidding me she's gonna have a
New Year's baby right she's gonna win
that cash prize okay so things are
getting pretty dang at an epoch right
now crystals owning this look at this
that's so cool
she's Missy's literally standing on a
rock out there you guys look at her
my little friend a little bit so I have
to go save her there's crabs over there
the water feels amazing - it's really
really awesome do you guys see this
we're like knee-deep in water she's
amazing
it's very slippery up here I don't think
we're gonna see any more crabs
okay whoa okay we good we good that's
fun
you look epic up there I'm not kidding
that was insane
she owned it Crystal's amazing and look
at that Sun we just we just raced it
look it it's literally hitting the water
and that's around so you just got done I
didn't see it's dark so yeah I got dark
fat look at the fat okay you guys got to
see it this is the Del Mar fair if any
of you watching were there today you're
right there right there right there
right there right there
but one of you is there I'm pretty sure
we have a subscriber there right now
right I would love to go but I don't
know it's gangly and I'm absolutely
starving
this is starving and guess what she's
craving chicken okay soup y'all peace
love and chicken okay so she went really
well though I think I'm really I think
it's gonna be really good
it's exactly what you were looking for
it feels weird like being there cuz you
don't know if you're doing it right or
if this looks right or if you look
stupid or cheesy or ugly or weird or
whatever if O'Brien says they look
really cool yeah and then you can
definitely check out Crystal's
photography Facebook page and it will
have it linked below but she was amazing
like she was just so sweet so nice so
down to earth so easy to work with I
felt super comfortable her so it was
really
Missy and chicken okie reunited again
you can okay over there
apple juice he's gone crazy huh home and
we drove from San Diego and Missy how
much how much do you think it costs to
drive from San Diego to home you've been
sleeping by the way do you think four
dollars I'm gonna say like 550 you say
four dollars even yeah okay let's see
she's gonna show off the car and it's
gonna tell us
Oh three dollars and ninety five cents
that is so freakin cool I had here
twenty dollars in my pocket and soaking
wet now not funny this is all I want to
do right now
just sleep I'm so tired
okay anyway I'm gonna add a bug because
um you know it has to end sometime I
hope you guys enjoyed the vlog and I
look forward to seeing the pictures make
sure you're gonna like crystals Facebook
page because she was awesome and they
ran this huge giveaway and Missy one and
so she got maternity pictures for free
which was so nice of her so I cannot
wait to see the pictures and if you like
the Facebook page you'll get to see them
first and I am just so beyond excited I
really hope she posts on by the time
this walk is up cuz that would be really
really cool but anyway I hope you guys
have an amazing night and as always we
will see you tomorrow I guess gonna
watch you guys gonna watch tomorrow
thumbs up if you're gonna watch tomorrow
- alright bye
yeah so I I literally feel like he works
mom when I walk down the baby aisle I
know I can't stand the smell of thank
you and we're walking down the aisle
right now and I just feel like how
terrible is it that I'm pregnant and
people call her like why I can't
