get the Mamas wait whoa ha oops attacks
in Vegas excuse me so far okay look at
how sticky QPS buzzer there you go
oh we were going to me what god I did
did you really I did good morning guys
Missy and I are sharing a car today this
is Missy's last day you guys she's so
excited and basically all day today
she's just met people coming in the
office and like bringing her gifts and
she's in meeting lots of food and we're
gonna party yeah Missy is gonna drop me
off at work and then she's gonna restore
it
oh my class is I'm sound off they were
in between the couch but oh you stole um
wait they were in between the couch
cushions yeah that sounds like she stole
oh hey guys so I just got off and as you
can see in the back I had a huge party
my boss and my coworker just for me like
this huge party tons of food and like
about presents it was so so nice so I
had a really great last day it was
really nice and I just I love where I
work it was it was really fun I know
I've been like oh I don't want to go to
work anymore but I really actually loved
my job I loved where I worked I loved
people I worked with so it's
like it's kind of sad that I'm leaving
really excited because I get to get
things all ready for Oliver to come home
and gets ready to have this baby
so I'm just super excited at the same
time I like went through the whole
parking lot and I was like oh this is it
cuz it's like a green priya it's new and
I was like wait but it has balloons in
the battle like there's not gonna be any
balloons in the back what you got all
these from work yeah at a party they
spoil you yeah did you eat let's see on
my food huh they had everything you
wanted yes thanks to you
he was so ridiculous you told him
everything about me i guy said she
doesn't she only or she won't do
store-bought cookies unless his Chips
Ahoy or Oreo and she has to have milk
with it so don't bother getting them
unless you get milk tons of cookie make
me a turkey sandwich white turkeys
damage white bread cheddar mayo only ya
know nastiness the same thing they're
like what is up with these sandwiches
they're so boring what Missy wanted hey
oh my god I just got off work and Missy
just picked me up like I'm 15 years old
hey dr. knock at school did you have a
good day at school I had a great day at
school I learned math and stuff good job
you know who would love this huge cookie
platter Missy Jesse from be f versus D F
look at all these cookies can we can't
eat all this we should have a cookie
eating contest
I would Liz I guess my boss could not
pick a card for me so she literally
picked out like six cards for me and
like signed them all and they're all
like hilarious and like you would be
missed any more than you know and like
oh my gosh this one's so funny she goes
thank you I couldn't have done it
without you a key I'm oh I'm keeping you
on my speed dial
lol and then she accidentally signed her
name and then she was like really hot
and then she's like where's my whiteout
so I guess she really really wants to
invent well wait a second maybe I
shouldn't tell you guys why wait what's
going on okay well she okay so she
signed this card because she's like
accidentally did a signature and then
she was like oh that's really weird
because she's just supposed to like
something you mean it's not like a
signature kind of card
and she's like where's my white out
because she really wants to make a pen
that on the other end of the pen is
white out I'm pretty sure that exists
it's got it right I gotta get it for her
yeah she like got me so many different
cards um yeah she just she's just look
at this one you are awesome and it's
like and by awesome I mean totally
awesome she's so sweet
is she looking all your pretty balloons
yeah kinda likes balloons laughs I know
did you know helium is running out Oh
dad this is actually like a real bouquet
of balloons Oh Missy like they're all
different you know do you want the
balloons get the goods
good move back ghetto Jack chapters
loose get yeah I just came up with the
coolest Instagram idea Missy to make it
look like the balloons are making me
float away okay do you are you game okay
we're gonna we're gonna try and do
instagrams being stupid right now
cuz they have crappy helium enough
falling up so you're jumpin it's like
this yeah it has these bubbles of tosh.0
we got but we're gonna see if karma
likes bubbles and they're non-toxic well
get on boy get the bottles
hey the balloons are fine nah get the
bubbles get the bubbles boy get it get
get the most get the bubbles wait whoa
who's attacked me he's going crazy
get him boy oh I love it when he runs in
circles like that get up get up get them
get them damn any time I took a picture
of Missy and Cassie and their Veda ring
and basically Missy's be and like total
Darth Vader on Cassie it looks good
Cassie you look really in pain with your
tongue sticking out hi boy hi come oh hi
okay we looking for a boy you got
something in here do you have a toy in
here look at this you guys he's so funny
he knows he knows where they are we hit
down crema what are you looking for over
here bum bum bum these are tennis balls
and actually they're not even his
remember we use this as a massager for
Missy's back when it was feeling really
bad these aren't even yours karma these
are not for you do you want this cuz you
already tore this apart what is this
what is this boy come on No Oh No okay
come on okay
karma give it to me nope drop it drop
drop it don't do you see how sassy he is
you guys jeez Louise see I remember when
I was telling you guys about that little
electrical problem we had in our room
well I stupidly forgot to unplug my
fridge
and it melted everywhere and so I have
it hooked up now but it's all wet
none of the plugs on this wall work now
so that's super and the fridge melted
everywhere so we're headed out it is
probably it's actually 9 o'clock at
night right now skew and um we have to
film our bug day tonight so we have to
go get a pineapple it's not a good night
and I will say that it's not a call good
night and it's still like a yeah 86
degrees late that's really we're really
hot for this like essentially in our
area it's so nice because it can be so
blazing hot during the day but then by
the time it's nighttime BAM it's like
the nicest coolest weather you can
always call if you're house with just
putting a fan on the window it's like
really really nice actually I'm really
excited because tomorrow is our
maternity shoot which I hope goes well
I've only picked out one of my outfits I
still have to go pick out my other
Abbott so tomorrow's gonna be really
busy crazy it causes a whole nine
pennies to drive to the grocery store
mmm oh there she is
car turned on the lights like hey baby
Missy's on the hunt for Reese's sticks
my gia for you too
really might just be you kind of she
kind of went through a spurt where she
liked them
okay here's the rhesus stuff we got
rhesus fastbreak which are amazing huh
what's so weird guys word teresa's
fast-break rhesus dark I've actually
tried these those are very good regular
rhesus I don't see rhesus ticks babe
they're gonna cry you're gonna cry
I actually still have something from the
other day Oh about that I've been
wearing there a couple days I didn't
know like you know like everything I
only ate like a half of one I think
there's like half all one left
she's gonna give you through the night
so I can get some more oh god yeah
so I okay sorry I literally feel like
the worst mom when I walk down the baby
aisle yes mmm it smells so disgusting I
cannot no I can't stand the smell of
diapers and we're walking down the aisle
right now and I just feel like how
terrible is it that I'm pregnant and
people probably like why can't she walk
down the baby aisle just smells gross it
just smells like processed crap right
yeah it's very strong I don't know why
you need a strong oh I hate it is right
up a little yeah I feel so terrible but
I'm just like I should love the baby I
love the smell can't stand the smell
like baby powder it's like that's like
where everything we knew walk into a
baby store like that be like throw it in
the air so that you can smell and I'm
just like oh good
trying to find a good watermelons it
seems it feels empty
how would that when you guys that one
feels very hard actually my son feels
hollow that's pretty big
whoo that one's kind of hollow - kidding
that's a good one my gosh
oh my god this is like this sighs you
know that right mmm I don't know that's
really good really good
maybe you're gonna get a pineapple out
of this Oh totally I mean is all so Bob
needs a girl oh god that is nice
um but I don't know I feel like that's
really large I like a more smaller one
like this I think that one's perfect
all right well I mean if it's I don't
know what's like a good like trying
balls but since you're eating it you
should
and it's organic oh those are different
than those ones these are dull ya'll
Montagne there's only 249 each yeah
that's so cheap okay okay so we're
getting water with the water machine and
we had to get quarters and Missy came
over here and she whipped she actually
drops I'm in the ashtray it's really
gross yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
you're deafening you wash your hands as
we go thanks to someone's advice we are
putting the Oh hands the seat belts on
the air you can't really tell oh there
you the seat belts through the loops
which is a handle through the handles so
that yeah it might be secretly just put
them down here so they don't like move
around so much but I don't know it's
kind of cuter
you know like actually along for the
ride like buckle up I fixed it you guys
turns out this thing has a reset button
and I just hit it and now it's working
the tv turns on we have TV Karma's yeah
we got a couple packages today and our
um we actually oh we got this maps oh I
didn't mean to show you that oh one is
from Brianna um she got in there the
preak family and it she wrote this
letter basically deep and turned herself
into a contest and she actually shared
my story with them and she won and so
she actually chose to put all of his
name on the item that she won and is so
cute okay oh my god is not adorable
she says she tried to get it to me
before the baby shower but she wasn't
able to and it would've been so perfect
to hang at his baby shower but it's
still so cute so thank you so much to
the pre family and unfortunately in MI
state so Michigan Michigan Missouri
Missouri Mississippi
misery is definitely an mo look a little
bows in between two or just so cute so
we're just now filming what we're
getting ready to film Missy's bump date
but today we got Bob a bride look at him
don't they look so cute this is Bob if
you guys don't know he's our squash and
he was the fruit from one of Missy's
bump dates a couple weeks ago and so we
painted a face on him and gave him
glasses and he became Bob the butternut
squash and now this is his bride and you
guys get to name her leave a name in the
comments for the pineapple bride she's
got a really cool hairdo um it's like
super tall and then him yeah a little
bit bigger so here you go here's the
happy couple name the pineapple you guys
we got to give her a name and I totally
have to share this with you guys um you
guys know I don't drink a whole lot but
when I do I really like Jacques top and
right now they have like the coolest
seasonal one so I am drinking a Honey
Crisp apple and it kind of tastes like
hearts like hard apple cider actually
like really really good huh it's like
apple cider that has liquor in it but
yeah this stuff is actually really
really good and I love the original
shock top as well I can't tell you how
many times karma has ran into this
pineapple and almost had a heart attack
I think it pokes him every time and you
know he's like super scared of it no I
think it seriously has scared him to
death come on I knew you had to
pineapple boy here's a pineapple boy
he's afraid it's scary it's pokey he
basically was dead asleep he like rolled
over and it poked him
like freakin hi guys
so me and karma are exhausted today he's
got his tired face on which is always
adorable um but I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog tomorrow's our maternity shoot
which I know I've been going crazy about
I'm super excited about it so definitely
have to watch that one because it's
going to be a good one so I hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog and I will see you
guys
this is it so I'm at home now
and I basically
