morning karma hi boy karma bull hi
feeling better karma
we are going to did you really I did
trap getting on the freeway and they
actually even have the stupid thing on
and look at this traffic I'm definitely
gonna be late now why is there so much
check they just like it's like you're
gonna be late
you don't think I know that you should
have left earlier there was traffic
you saw excuses excuses yes so hey guys
so it is Cassie's birthday
she's sixteen so today is kind of a day
for her but also we're celebrating her
birthday
more later on because we're gonna be
doing a couple little special little
birthday parties for her first thing she
wanted to do is she got a gym membership
and she wants to go learn or try to
figure out how to get all toned up and
strong and stuff cuz she's already
skinny she doesn't need to get a getting
skinnier just wants to like get muscles
and all that so and then we are off I'm
still waiting my birth center to call I
really hope they call soon I'm just like
okay so we just figure something out
that car my puppy I don't know oh he
doesn't like um that word that starts
with a bean he he doesn't like that word
because he doesn't like those things he
doesn't like to be couldn't like that
I wish let me show you but I have to
tell you this first time I come here
now come we usually spelled the word but
he now knows the word and he took off
his collar and so first put your collar
back on and now when we spell the word
be a th he's freaks that you spelled out
guys my dog can spell the word come on
you can come back there you are oh hi
yeah okay come here
hi okay so we might have to give you a
page
Nonna's spell this is crazy this is kind
of funny I am actually in the office
alone hello is anyone in here it's
actually kind of creepy but I was just
eating my lunch at my desk and they're
actually only you're like two or three
of us in here anyway
and they went out to lunch so I have the
entire office to myself so no what are
you what should I do
Cassidy's birth date he gets her
favorite which is Red Lobster Red
Lobster she's a nice little change
sheets to pick out her favorite
this is urghhh what are you gonna choose
I'm not sure I'm thinking maybe a
cheesecake she's gonna meet
Red Lobster sheets impression lobster
get free refills Kathy what is all this
crab lobster some shrimp some moisture
mashed potatoes they were just like eat
going off for it do you like crab and
like all that stuff or you don't know
mmm I like lobster yeah so that Lobster
I won't think you guys smell it like fry
invested the brand-new clock so I'm at
home now and I basically traded my desk
for kitchen table because I'm already
like doing stuff I was going through
some comments from me uh not today's
vlog but yesterday's vlog and we got
this really really cool one by New
England mama and she said I'm glad we're
supporting you guys subscribers we don't
have cable and we don't really need it
I'd much rather watch fun group of
people I do on YouTube and would much
rather support families and vloggers I
enjoy other than celebrities or TV
companies that is awesome and personally
we're about to ditch our cable as well
because we watched so much YouTube just
so cool that like you're supporting
YouTube vloggers like that means a lot
to us because we're YouTube bloggers so
thank you New England mama and anyone
else I mean YouTube is so amazing you
can get sucked in so easily I have like
I probably have like four or five people
I check a day to watch videos for I'm
eating guacamole do you guys know what's
better than then leftover homemade
guacamole I didn't say anything because
there's nothing better we are all
stuffed and so full we're going shopping
now I might just be looking for my dress
I just don't get I just need something
different for my returnee to us that
justice wasn't exactly what I was like
thinking of for the maternity shoe
I have to keep looking I know I'm
ridiculous I know it so I walked into
the store and I actually had a
successful shopping trip I think it is
my mom I think she's good luck
I had a successful shopping trip and I
found the dress I'm gonna wear my
maternity shoot and I'm so excited I
think it's perfect but I'm not going to
show you guys because I wanted to be in
surprise but I think it's exactly what I
was looking for and I'm so happy now
it's like a plant annihilation out here
going on you guys
Jimmy's doing some yard work and he
renovated
he'd like knocked into this plant that
stinks you smell that why is our onion
plants here gross so for Cassie's
birthday you never even guess what kind
of cake she's good she's doing rice
krispie treats I guess she doesn't
really like cake that much and wants
rice krispie treats so that's what we're
making I was really good though
marshmallows are the best so Missy went
to Red Lobster today without me which is
fine because she brought me biscuits
cheesy garlic biscuits are the best oh
my god are these all for me
yum I look at this you guys look at this
smut no it's not it's not so good
actually
oh I think actually though we've made
these like homemade garlic cheesy
biscuits and they were so much better
I'm pretty sure
correct me if I'm wrong but they're
getting smaller either the biscuits are
getting smaller or we're getting fatter
which one is in karma girl I have been
banished to the bedroom to wrap my
sister's cousins
actually I'll show you what we got her
earlier today we got her another present
actually I know I told you guys that
that she just started a gym and she
wants to get all like you know toned up
and stuff and so we found her a really
cute outfit like gym outfit so hopefully
she likes it so I gotta wrap everything
now he's rather present because he's
been asking for a rug wanting one
forever and you're wrapping it like that
I think she's gonna know what it is like
right away
the cool shaggy rug though like arse
yeah ripping it tough to precess is she
one of those people what you got you got
your ball konishi oh you dropped it
right on me and the camera okay hang on
dad look at him you guys he's like
completely memorized Karma where's the
sky where's the floor where's your right
good boy he's so smart he knows his
directions huh if you guys are wondering
hey why do they have an extension cord
coming out of there while Jimmy was
doing some trimming and apparently he
actually trimmed the extension cord and
it like backfired into everything and so
actually right now our fridge won't turn
on our Apple TV won't turn on and our TV
won't turn on my computer does yeah my
computer turns on yeah that's fine just
lick your finger no stop and then just
put it right there just stick it there
yeah I wonder what this is Cassie it's
just for a gun oh she's a pillar of the
tape that is an offense you're supposed
to rip it there you go
common wants to know what you got all
right good Cassie you're not saving it
rip it apart oh my goodness you're gonna
be one of those people that saves the
wrapping in magic charts officially Jim
person go go go Terry Terry Terry Terry
get out of all
favorite part happy birthday karma we've
had their expertise um yeah they're like
too much marshmallows I think that there
is a very fine line when it comes very
crispy and if you put too much
marshmallows in a beanie like to like
much Mallory what is your take on them
I think everyone watching this is like
wow I knew Missy was crazy but now she
has said the first piece you guys see
this okay you guys guess what started
tonight in honor of Cassidy's birthday
do you guys know are you watching it did
you watch it did you watch it we are
huge Big Brother fans we watched it
every single year and we get super into
it and it's starting now so get ready to
hear about Big Brother so if you guys
aren't watching Big Brother you should
watch it because it's awesome we just
watch Big Brother and we just found out
that we have the live stream it's really
cool it's so easy to like veg out and
watch people and I like how you guys are
watching us like and you're spying on
our lives well that's fine because we're
like letting you be so cool if our
subscribers were watching Big Brother
with us and then we can like tell like
who our favorite who our favorite person
in the house is so far so Missy do you
have a favorite person I know yet I
definitely don't like the guy who won
HOH huh Spencer yeah I can you why do
you like him he seems like a jerk so
Missy is trying on her dress for the
maternity shoe and I gotta say that it's
pretty pretty hot I think you did good
yeah I guess I can't show you guys cuz
she's gonna surprise you with it that
doesn't seem fair they want to see it
okay wait when are we doing the rectory
shoot is Saturday on Friday
waits on Friday yeah I thought it was on
Saturday crap yeah now you have to find
it out for that someone matches I'm
probably gonna wear jeans and a shirt
one of the colors matching at least so
we're getting ready for bed now but I
wanted to talk to you guys and see what
do you guys feel about the whole Big
Brother thing like the spying on people
you know like in the hot cuz they're
basically essentially is Big Brother as
a TV show but you can also watch them
live 24/7 on the computer everyone has
like this natural sense like when you
drive by a house and the windows are
open like you want to peek in and you
want to see what's going on it I think
it's like a natural thing
Big Brother always makes me think about
things like that because it's like
there's a whole like psychological thing
going on anyway that's it for us it was
kind of a chill day but we will see you
guys all tomorrow and the maternity
shoots coming up like really fast that's
me so cool you guys are gonna get to see
like all behind the scenes of the shoe
and well like hang out with our
photographer and you guys will get to
meet her and stuff and we're really
excited because Missy actually won the
maternity shoe in this huge giveaway so
we're super excited for that on Friday
and yeah Missy found her dress and it's
amazing
so I'm sorry we're teasing maybe we'll
show you it tomorrow okay anyway I hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog and we will
see you tomorrow bye Nessie's first
about you guys I think this is a really
big deal whoa Wow okay what's going on
out there
they loaded that second cap in a
hurricane somebody hang on buddy we
don't know your name yet but hang on
you're gonna be okay okay
okay
two months
