go inning everyone I am late as usual
you know guys I got this one
oh you know today is my last Monday Oh
sound like the car is on my last Monday
working so I'm on my final week I think
I'm kind of like huh cares upon the
whole weight this is a final oh time
it's hard being pregnant big offense you
know so far
okay look at how stinky two kids
oh we were going to I thought I did
did you really I did
today's the day that I get my paperwork
send it over to the birth center and
they're going to let me know whether or
not I'm approved for the birth center or
not and I'm so nervous I I feel like I'm
gonna be approved cuz me and I went over
with the Midwife like all my history and
she really felt confident that I'll be
approved for the birth center no I just
really I'm just like been praying like
all day and all night just like please
let me get into this yeah who's that
okay okay okay who's that who is that
Karma
he's over it oh good news guys um member
I told you a few days ago that the last
time I drove to work there was a woman
walking my to chocolate labs who I just
absolutely love and think are adorable
and I was so worried about the normally
the old I have never seen like a woman
walking the two dogs and to
he was back he was back with his little
baggie and both his chocolate laps so
feels so much better and anyone else who
is stressing about it - we're good
you want some water try to pick it up
can you pick it up huh come here hey hi
really how you doing oh you want to play
on the computer babies are doing stocks
now I hear no what's wrong with your
face Bailey look we're chipmunks
we're chipmunks Bailey oh yeah we need a
picture of this smile
chipmunk baby look at your chipmunk baby
oh yeah why are you chipmunk
look at hey baby hey baby how are you
what's wrong with your furnish I could
really use some some walnuts right now
okay okay so I just got off and actually
picked up my mom's that should come with
me but we went and picked up my medical
records so that is super good that I've
got it now now I need to fax it to the
birth center and just pray that they
accept me just out doing some errands
but I saw that there was a Papa Murphy's
over here which we rarely are ever by
Papa Murphy's so of course I had to get
Missy some of their cookie dough cuz
they make their cookie dough with no egg
and it's actually like amazing cookie
dough to eat - so I grab you're thinking
that for Missy and she will be very very
happy it max all the information and she
called me fairly quickly actually and
she's looking over everything she feels
really confident that I didn't
definitely go with midwifery care she
still have to check on whether I'm
approved for the birth center is he
still running around trying to do things
facts and things getting stuff done
she's being pretty productive but I'm
actually just uploading pictures now to
Missy's Facebook page of the baby shower
so if you wanted to see pictures that I
was actually shooting at the baby shower
I'll put a link in the description today
but it's also in the baby shower video
and you can go check out the pictures on
see Facebook page but they came out
really good too so I'm excited just
trying to get things situated I have to
make the bed and laundry it's like late
in the afternoon you guys and our best
students if me
I've just been on the computer like all
day working so gotta make that money
gotta make that money you guys am i
right
bringing home the bacon I just had this
like intense craving for reaches 2:06 so
when we came into Walmart I like had to
buy them really quick like and eat them
but they just sound so good like saltine
peanut buttery cream shampoo oh okay
because just get conditioner sure
anyways yeah I had to get him like right
this second so I could eat them why do
you do that face every time I turned on
vlog camera on you so I told me to have
a surprise for you do you remember yeah
what's your surprise hey check the
fridge
girl oh and I got your spoon to do yeah
I know I totally didn't realize I was by
Apapa more fees and I was like Oh totes
I'm gonna go in there and buy cookie
dough it's like the best cookie dough in
the world
no it's so good thank you welcome I'm
getting spoiled today I got my Reese's
cookie
I'm set to go for my returning me water
water water water water water balloon is
this watermelon still good
oh man do you see this smell it smell it
smell it
I so liquidy
you have to eat it over a trash can
horsing oh heck are you wanna come yeah
have you guys seen Karma I think they've
seen karma eat watermelon he's really no
there you go
Missy just said something kind of funny
and kind of gross to me hey I was like
Dennis Lee last night and he literally
woke me up to the smell of his fart
tonight Boca cleaning my fart ladies and
gentlemen my fart awoke in her I'm sorry
you hear me say something I was like
yeah dirty boy I didn't stinky boy
remember that yeah come on you guys
sometimes you can't hold it it's not
healthy to hold the day
okay just let it go so that was the
outside of the blankets it was in the
place I don't know
good eye
one of the rules for that do you contain
it or do you release it either way it
was released and it was a good comment
below whether you contain or release
Mizzy sat down and now she cannot get up
oh oh yeah she's out on his own and the
whole thing just came off and she was
like we just found these butter toffee
peanuts and they're so good I tried
Hey
oh here try it tight though it's really
good mmm right but I mean of course it's
good it has peanuts sugar butter and
salt
so tell me more Brian always goes
totally creepy when he
we sight literally can just like eat
this granola on the back yeah he goes
crazy when he's in the bulk section of
window just like all much fun okay if
you don't have a link in your year like
they're pretty awesome because you can
just like you can get like blueberry
muffin pancake like however much you
want just get like a little baggie of it
yeah that's pretty much anything yeah
there's like there's tons of cereal
there's even dog food
we can't my dog food and boom right
there done and you can like make your
own peanut butter but fried Owens just
goes crazy and starts buying all kinds
of Onew Harley candy he pulls us out at
the same guy who probably goes crazy on
candy do are you yeah um want to get
Gatorade but I don't know what's better
cool blue or this like shot of all these
Gators is like ridiculous I know this is
like America in a nutshell right here
yeah pretty nice what's better glacier
fries are cool I think cool blue Nessie
is mad at Missy cuz she hasn't better
seatbelt on yet look at already high on
on on on so the other day me see now
were able to put in how much we're
paying for full fuel so we just got home
it took us it took us 10 minutes to get
home 6 miles
we got 51 miles to the gallon and we
paid 44 cents and gas nice that's so
cool you guys we see that after every
single trip like after we basically
parked the car and turn it off and then
it tells us that so that's awesome back
home and I want to do something kind of
funny make sure you don't see I'm using
a water bottle to hold this up okay I
want to do something kind of a high
chroma um Missy and I well you know how
Missy does like hi i karma do you see
him he actually tried to give me a
hundred now okay so Missy always shows
you her belly for her bump dates right
and so I thought it'd be funny if we
could compare bellies
okay so this is mrs. belly this is my
belly shirt
down okay huh and then you shirt up
I actually don't have much of a belly
anymore okay let me just get on Missy's
level okay yeah right okay do we get
down to your level yeah
Poorna Brian what do you guys think what
you guys think
who's further along belly buddies oh
sorry I didn't mean to be inappropriate
obviously Missy's belly is much cuter
than mine right what do you guys think
whose belly's cuter leave it in the
comments who's Billy has the least
amount of hair that's not actually it
was thank you anyways
someone can't reach below her belly
button really so you kind of do have the
line forming you're definitely on line
forming it's you little black hair out
here so it's not there see little blonde
hair cute oh oh my goodness
I'm married to a monkey okay so Missy
and I want to have a little conversation
with you guys um kind of about the vlog
about YouTube something that I don't
think a lot of vloggers like we'll just
come out and say because of you guys I'm
like watching and subscribing we've
actually made it to a point where Missy
can be a stay-at-home mom and she
doesn't have to work we don't have to be
on disability we don't anything like
that um and so this is all like
sustainable through YouTube and so we
just wanted to thank you guys because
now that would be possible like to ever
think that Missy would be able to stay
home with our son and you know make cool
videos for other moms and other couples
and families out there all day it's just
like insane yeah well it's like because
like we get to do like exactly what we
love doing which is well Brian's like
amazing and I make
videos and I get to help like bring hope
back to women who have lost it in so
many different ways yeah and not only by
doing that I get to be home with my baby
who has brought me so much hope and it
just feels amazing to get to do that so
it's like a really exciting thing for us
to actually get to support our family
and also do stuff that we seriously love
doing that we love doing and our
passionate about doing you know when we
started YouTube it was all about you
know this is our story and this is our
message and it sort of has grown into
like Macy's got this amazing like
Parenthood and pregnancy community that
she's doing and then when the daily vlog
like just showing you guys hands on like
look at where we're at and look at where
we've been and know that you know if
you're hurting if you're suffering if
you know you've gone through all these
different things that Missy and I have
gone like these bumps along the way like
there is hope like look how happy we are
you know and it's all about really comes
down to like our draw my life video we
talked about choices and you know making
the most about what you're given you
know I wasn't given a lot growing up I'm
growing up and I kind of had to turn it
in to what I had to turn it into so we
just wanted to thank you guys so much
and let you guys know that you might be
seeing some really cool stuff coming up
for us because opportunities just keep
showing up we wanted to let you guys
know that because I don't think a lot of
vloggers are really candid about that
and I don't know why but basically we're
pretty sure at this point that Missy can
be a stay-at-home mom and we can still
live above water and take care of our
baby you just have like a lot of really
cool opportunities coming up and we want
you guys to know guys get to be involved
in like you know in our process and you
actually might see some like almost
videos that are commercial that we're in
yeah actually really cool so we've
actually um we are contacted through our
partnership for Verizon to do like a
little commercial so we're actually
going to be able to shoot and edit a
small like 30-second snippet that you
guys will actually see on our videos as
like commercials so instead of watching
some Verizon phone commercial you're
gonna see us like
making fools of ourselves you know and I
think that's so much better so blown
away by this community of like creators
and watt and viewers and it's just so
insane and I'm so glad you know that
like God totally put this in our laps
and he said here's this do something
with it and I think that we did and so I
think that everything we've been through
has led to basically something like this
and as much as hope that we bring to
people like you guys bring as much hope
to us to I love like my channel it's
such a passion for me because it just
shows me so much like I love just seeing
so many people who have been through so
many hard things and then they get their
baby or they get they just are they're
just as happy as me and maybe they don't
make videos and put it out there but
they bring me hope to so and it's just
everything that's been it we've been
through in our lives has led us to this
point and we're just excited to grow
with each other and grow through YouTube
and grow through our family and it's
just really exciting time right now for
us and I'm about to follow maternity
leave which in so exciting this is very
exciting about that anyway that's what
we want to tell you guys um it's getting
really late I'm look at karma so tired
he's like I'm just gonna go to sleep
down here cake
he's a highboy dog family yeah like more
dogs more dogs I need a wife alright
guys I hope you all had a fantastic
night as always we will see you tomorrow
so bye say bye karma by karma no I said
say bye we've gotta be more specific let
us know what you think about our
opportunity and like how you feel about
it because we want to know you know what
our bumper stick bumper bumper nation
right boy
he's like get the camera out of my face
this is really close on his eye okay
whoa I totally thought this was a real
lady like standing that is a fake person
whoa it's like his face and everything
yeah and she needs to wear bra
