good morning guys I am standing in our
new bathroom and I have the worst moving
day hangover I didn't know my body can
actually hurt this much even the bottoms
of my feet hurt what big effects you
know so far okay what's your hell
speaking GPS oh you're going to what god
I did
did you really I did I'm pretty much in
so much pain and we have so much to do
today because our house needs to be
pretty much put together still
I mean look oh look we got seen it
friends in the bathroom that's how I'm
organized we are right now I'm editing
the vlog and Missy says they're ready
coming well fresh vanilla pudding gags
oh wow all stairs are not good for this
whole sword thing last night we got a
ton of bananas and I ate a ton of and
asks I didn't want to wake up with
charley horses because I'd worked so
hard but we actually had some left over
and Missy made me banana pancakes is
this amazing actually uploading the vlog
right now and we got new internet now
that we moved into this place it's like
super fast I think it's like seven times
faster than our other Internet and the
vlog has uploaded almost halfway well
it's about halfway now and it's been
four minutes so that's pretty awesome
I'm like definitely loving new fast
internet we just gotta have Karma's a
box of all his toys he was really upset
yesterday when I put all his boxes in or
all his toys in a box and he just kept
like looking at me like through time get
them I don't want them in there and so
now he's so happy and he's trying to
find which toy he wants to play with
between you're gonna get
I never can decide it's just too big of
a decision too many choices this is an
entire basket full of Karma's toys oh
the Rope you going with the Rope that's
the one you chose
gonna play with the Rope say someone
pull it just trying to relax my body is
like broken I feel so sore are you guys
insane so I'm watching my favorite movie
right now which is Mean Girls thumbs up
if you guys like Mean Girls it's pretty
much like the greatest movie in the
world and I've seen it like a million
times it's like a guilty pleasure of
mine still set in the whole room up and
yeah things are finally getting put
together we're kind of just like trying
to find out where we want everything and
because we have lots of decorations and
like posters and stuff and still got to
put together the bed which is going to
be a huge pain in the butt I decided
that I'm going to be setting up our new
pool or my pool I set up at the old
house my didn't get a chance to release
women in the law just because the
background is very cramped back there
and so I'm gonna try and set it up again
I hope that I'll actually be able to use
it fitting it to a minute don't know
last time I blow up my pool I didn't
have an air compressor and I was like oh
I really wanted to swimming so I sat in
the backyard and I thought and thought
of an idea of what we could do and we
came up with the leaf blower
we really need a professional help so we
got my dad told you guys it works
perfect we don't need a stinkin Haier
air compressor just need a leaf blower
Oh
oh it's gonna fall win Scott no one's
gonna fought yeah I had to clean it
first but it looks pretty dang good now
oh that window right there
come here Carl boy hi karma voicer your
ball come here come on get him up get
him up you want it okay alright this is
all set up in the pool with her best
friend karma what are you doing karma
hey he's saying hey guys
ah so happy out here I love it I know
he likes attacking the water we have a
theory that he's trying to move it out
of his way doing something little no you
just playing like a ladies I gotta get
this he's on a mission in your way this
backyard is amazing
it's got this really cool thing up here
that like lets a little bit of Sun in
and shade and stuff and we just turned
on the barbecue it works so we're going
to have to do some burgers or something
so it really is not like freezing we're
just used to freezing cold hose water in
Idaho always freezing cold all right I'm
getting him yeah karma I have a phone in
my pocket a camera in my hand better
move
I gotta get this water stop it
Alton play I think that we've been
getting a lot of comments in you know
kind of bummed about Oliver's room we
did spend a lot of time on it we've put
a lot of work into it thinking that that
was the home that we were gonna bring
him home to but then like we said
yesterday just opportunities came up and
we decided to go for it and so that was
one of the things that we were kind of
sad about but in the end we decided that
it was okay and we're really excited
about starting over and and just doing
maybe something different now he's had
we've had an opportunity to see what we
could do and then we were gonna do
something different you know um but I'm
going to show you his room you guys are
gonna be pretty shocked this is what we
have to redo yeah that is right it is
bright pink purple and we actually
started already taking off the wallpaper
but there's like a little little border
of princesses so this one's a little
girl's room and we will now be turning
it into a little boy's room it's
actually really nice though because it
has this huge closet with really awesome
shelving and then obviously closet space
and its route this room is it is small
but obviously it's perfect for him but
we have to completely redo it and take
off this if you just have any
suggestions on the best way to take off
this uh this uh border basically like it
comes right off this part does but then
it leaves that little little film or
this little paper right here so I know
that they have like sprays and things
that you can use but nothing seems to
work very well so maybe if you guys have
suggestions of like maybe home things
that you've made that has worked well
because that's going to be the big
hardest part we still haven't decided
exactly what we're going to do as far as
the color and design and all that but
we'll probably have it done pretty
quickly because he could be here very
soon you never know and I'm not going to
make any predictions because it probably
is gonna be tomorrow hopefully we are
headed out to go shopping oh you know
you always play I know I don't know why
I do it it drives to be insane every
time I see it but I just like grab it
and then but I play with it all the time
right I don't know I don't know and
basically because we now have our own
bathroom we get to buy our own bathroom
stuff which is super fun like we could
almost even do
Dean for our bathroom and we get to see
paint because we get to do nursery 2.0 I
know I'm so excited I'm my honestly I
loved his room but I'm really excited to
get to redo it and like have like a
second go at it look how dirty this
truck is like that gives me anxiety just
to drive it that's how all the trucks
were in Idaho yeah it's I don't even
understand how you would almost Arkansas
yeah well that makes sense then but
we're headed in two loads right now to
look for some paint do we I've decided
on what color we want but is at the home
depot is white yes that is raid control
of the Omega anyway that's that joke
earlier Foggs we decide on paint which
was surprising because I'm usually
extremely undecisive and decisive but
Walmart's use machine is broken with the
heck sorry I'm taking all yeah under
making decisions sucks you guys look at
we have like three different cards and
we don't know what to do we have to pick
we have to do this all over again
because we had been Walmart yeah but
they don't have the same colors so it's
between peaceful night Catalina or
Caruso Crusoe is a cool color but it's
too blue Catalina is too green and
peaceful night is just too light yeah
yeah why do they give us as many options
you guys this is not fair I like
pitter-patter but is it
what do you think what do you think what
do you guys think fashion will probably
be made by the time you guys've um-hmm
the room has been like really hot and
we've been running the a/c upstairs
but it just doesn't seem like it's been
cooling down so I actually I noticed
that we have two little vents in here so
I got on a ladder to check and our vent
was actually completely closed so I I
opened it and now it feels amazing in
here so we're like super relieved that
we don't have to sleep in an inferno
again right well I mean on our bedroom
had air conditioning but it just didn't
ever get cool enough in our old house
we've always seem to have terrible air
conditioning yeah no I think we're good
we were like oh my gosh we got another
room with terrible air conditioning yeah
but now it feels good if you guys can
see I actually started getting some of
our decorations up on the walls we got
our rendezvous posters up friend's
poster up got the friends poster up and
we actually just started watching some
friends just to have it on but we got
our friends poster up which I love this
poster it's probably like my favorite
poster ever and then we got some old
photos of Missy and I'm we're on our
honeymoon and yeah we definitely want to
update these get three really nice
pictures from the maternity session to
maturity than one wasn't us and all of
her yeah that'd be really cool I hope we
got on maternity pictures soon it's been
like two weeks and she said that they're
almost done so get excited for that cuz
that's gonna be pretty cool he's got the
pretty pretty princess room right now so
um that's kind of funny and we actually
we did end up getting paint and let's
see if I can show you went with like a
seafoam blueish green kind of blue color
I guess we like love that color now so
we're really excited for that I will
probably do paint in tomorrow so that
should be pretty cool and then all of
our won't have to sleep in a pink and
purple room with Disney Princesses all
these Disney Princesses are going away
thumbs up for painting the nursery again
oh my gosh didn't we
already in addition to putting up all
the decorations up on the walls I
finally put everything back on our mini
fridge so now it's all decked out and if
you don't know our mini fridge just has
like magnets and stickers and heirlooms
of things from like past trips to New
York or to Idlewild funny pictures of
Missy and I when we were on The Price is
Right
Oceanside Knott's Berry Farms Boise
Idaho which is where we used to live we
got little Bailey up on there
and we actually got a comment on
yesterday's vlog from oh snap it's AJ
and they asked is that a plumb bob on
your fridge and yes it is and I am a
total simmer I would spend way too much
time swimming essentially we picked up a
couple packages the other day and we're
gonna go ahead and open them this first
one is from Melissa in Australia Melissa
that's a good name oh my gosh look at
this oh my god it's so cute oh my gosh I
wish it fit me nice
- cool little card can you lots of love
send you positive thoughts for a safe
and wonderful birth hugs and kisses from
Australia Melissa thank you
it's amazing oh my gosh yes oh can you
imagine he's me laying right here on his
blanket yeah just a few weeks so next
package is from Jennifer in Ireland and
she actually also sent a letter to my
sister saying happy belated birthday and
Cassie was so excited like completely
ecstatic she had Instagram and
everything so Thank You Jennifer first
of all for the letter for Cassie
oh my gosh is a cloth diapers especially
made for baby Olli size newborn and it
needs an insert but wow this is so cool
oh my gosh it even has the umbilical
cord button nice karma loves gift time
Oh karma gosh it's a onesie hey hey yeah
that's so cool just like the first
signature hey gosh well it's got a paw
print on the butt and karma is
Kharma who is that on the shirt oh
that's so cool that makes me so excited
to finish our shirts that have karma on
them you made our day and Cassie's day
yeah
Cory is from Victoria and she sent us
two little bracelets watch out watch out
huh and they got little they got like
the anchor enclosures oh wow that's so
cool that's cool
what are you doing so cute wow that's
super super cute I love it so maybe this
one's for you this tub you guys is
amazing it's like a godsend it's like so
comfortable we liked propped up Missy's
iPad and watch some TV in hi camera boy
we doing but anyway I hope you guys had
an amazing day and I hope you enjoyed
the vlog I just heard about Cory
Monteith from Glee and that's just like
so sad it was like so young and she
can't imagine like losing someone that I
know that's like so young like that so
that was like crazy but anyway it's
getting really late and so we got to go
to bed karma get out of the closet karma
just came out of the closet busy alright
we'll see you tomorrow
tomorrow's a busy day last day of the
weekend and we got to get stuff done so
we will see you then bye moving sucks
we're gonna get
they don't have the up level
but then took it all away
