it's really yummy looking Chinese
chicken salad so oh it got dark on us
do you see the car was like hey baby let
me turn down the lights for you weirdest
things to say I know I'm a weirdo big
offense you know so far oh okay
look at how stinking cute he is there
you go
oh we were going to me what what I did
is he really I did
I'm leaving for work now and Missy
actually supposed to be leaving at the
same time as me but she is during her
hair so she's gonna be late yeah yeah I
love you
they also say I look like I'm going to
summer camp I got like my shorts on and
a backpack and a water bottle just gonna
work oh it's so nice out here I love
8:45 a.m. it's so beautiful this he's
gonna be late hahaha
she's always getting on me about how I'm
always lay and I always roll out of bed
late and I even woke up later than her
but she's still at home getting ready I
think at this point she's kind of
stopped caring because she just wants to
be done so bad oh my gosh I'm going to
work I am totally running super late
which I'm usually never late I'm the
kind of person that has to be like on
time all the time but lately I'm just
like so over like I'm looking at my last
couple days at work and I'm just like
whatever who cares I'm not getting ready
by sleep so I'm just like I'm just a
peon when I get there I'm only gonna be
like 5 minutes late I always seem like
I'm gonna be late and I'm never really
late but this time
I'm going to be late see what time is it
but it's 855 I know I've told you this
before but when everyone I'm on my way
to work I always see kind of like the
same people out about doing their
morning jog or walks and stuff and I
always see this man and he's usually
walking his - chocolate labs and they're
like my favorite like I call them Max
and Darlene and then their owner and I
love them I love seeing them they always
like make me smile I just I'm like
seriously love seeing them I just drove
by and the man is not there and it's a
girl and she's walking the - chocolate
labs so now I'm gonna worry like where
what's wrong like why it isn't he
walking his dogs I really want to go
back and ask but I'm super late for work
so I can't I just realized that that was
kind of a super weird and awkward story
I call my setup guys got a new monitor
new computer and I've just been working
kind of quiet so I just got home and I'm
waiting for Brian she off really really
soon and then he'll be home but I had to
make myself some food so I'm having
leftover steak and mac and cheese of
course cuz that's all we have in here so
I can choose it is just got off work and
I'm baby would you guys hear beep yeah
fancy car what up okay here's a little
baby kicks for ya he always stopped
jeez
I'm home now and I'm making food and I'm
watching YouTube and it's really nice
having a laptop I can just totally set
it in the kitchen and do whatever I want
while I'm doing whatever else I want hi
mr. Haney hi boy hi boy
hi Carm he's been following me around
with his ball all day is this yours
hey this isn't your ball is it do you
want it good catch
so I was pretty bummed all day because
my article still wasn't up and I
literally just loaded the page I checked
it maybe like 10 minutes ago and it's up
its up there's Missy a nine so um if you
guys don't know I write for
still-standing magazine and my new
article for this month just went live
literally just now so it's in the
description below for sure so go check
it out read it click the like button
above it so other people can see it this
music is so chill listen to it do you
guys hear that sax on my phone this is
on hold
what are you doing Insurance dying a
doctor she's been going crazy over this
but I guess she's getting somewhere
finally I know I'm getting really
excited it's karma is near you fYI
chances are there isn't a ball that's
very far away oh sorry sorry so we got a
package from Aaron in Minnesota and we
are totally guilty of googling mm to
make sure there's no guys we keep
embarrassing ourselves
Aaron bullsh me AK and she said to she
dared me to pronounce her last name and
she said that's what I get for marrying
a Russian wash niak is that right Aaron
well yeah anyway she got us some really
cool things for all of her a little
whale some dryer balls what she says
eliminate the need
oh wait I've heard of these I was
actually really looking forward to
trying something like this and also she
said she used to work at this place
that rhymes with mid top play Oh mid top
play missus get it um and so she
actually gave me there guacamole recipe
is crazy but how do I not get something
brush used to work out of me out of
place that rhymes with meta play
Monopoly you guys this is crazy
do you seriously not know the top applet
I'm not gonna tell her
Jamie insane also was this a joke Missy
and Bryan really really you can do
better than that okay we also got a
package from Tori and oh gosh it's mo
Missouri Montana we didn't look this one
up you guys
I think it's Missouri 300 cyber love
earth love ha caught fibers I thought
ciphers I want to open and see what they
look like all these are so cute
they're actually very nice really are
they all in alumni series oh oh there's
snaps they snap in ruin like so this
one's cool apes these are super super
nice and they're his little theme so
cute and anchor wives that's really nice
so handmade homemade Oh some bibs
so some homemade bibs basically oh and I
might now look I got something for you
here we go
oh good rough and tough heavy duty to
toy
oh man I'm guessing this is for you boy
I don't think this one's for Oliver I
think it's soft bone it's got like a
rubber outside interesting you want to
play okay
oh these are a couple of wet bags
probably like on the go wet bags that'll
hold four to six diapers so that's what
very useful come I just grabbed a dryer
sheet we kind of he loves Jesse he's
like I'll save that for later
wait how do you get that was that in
there yeah it was stay right here you
still grabbed it and put it down there
coming no that's why it's all fragrant
dee yeah thank you so much Tory okay it
looks like the ladies who actually made
these have a guitar of a business card
in here and so we'll leave a link below
because they do really good work like
they seriously made some really really
cool stuff this one is handmade in
homemade did all the burping claws and
then we've got love earth love cloth
made the actual
diapers so that's really really cool
karma love dryer sheets but you cannot
have it boy no you guys remember when he
actually ate a dryer sheet he's like
obsessed with them this thing is cool he
just found his sock monkey and now he's
oh he found the sock monkeys stuffed
animals do not last long in this house
last long time though yeah this seems
pretty cool Lily are you allowed in our
room karma is she allowed in our room
look who's here
why is she in here why is she in here
karma just go no one likes his cat yeah
she's not very nice to karma we do like
her he's just like hey she's like a cat
that doesn't wanna be touched doesn't be
cuttle doesn't to be looked at doesn't
want to be like anything and and like
she's really mean to karma
she'll straight-up just stare at him and
it smack him in the face it's getting
really intense now you guys look ick
I'm sorry I was planning on taking my
computer in today but I totally forgot
that I really need to back up my
pictures in case anything happens and so
I started doing that and it's gonna take
about four hours so guess I'm gonna be
taking this in tomorrow kinda late
Bryan's dragging me out of the house
kinda late yeah it's like 8:30 yeah I'm
usually about nine o'clock I start
getting ready for bed day it's just been
like super I wouldn't call it lazy days
has been a very productive smell yeah
pretty chill but I've been just like
going crazy trying to figure out what
I'm going to do and I've actually
figured out some really really cool news
which I don't want to get my hopes up I
don't want to get anyone else's hopes up
but I was actually able to find a birth
center that I believe is covered in my
insurance possibly a midwife so I'm like
seriously freaking out I've been like
talking about it constantly for like the
past three hours
don't know for sure I'll figure it out
for sure tomorrow I'm like so so so
excited and oh definitely all the
information will be in my bunk date so
you guys can get all the lowdown on it
but um I mean gosh I'm just I'm like
praying that everything is really as
good as it seems and I could actually
end up doing something that is both safe
and could actually just be beneficial
for both me and the baby and I just oh
my gosh I'm just so excited but now that
I work in an office I need to like pack
lunch so I'm gonna run into fresh and
easy and see if they have anything yummy
that I can just like toss in a microwave
or something
because I was like dying of hunger I
hope you're better at packing lunches I
was I worked for Al
pathlines i got pretzels and hummus it's
really yummy looking Chinese chicken
salad so oh it got dark on us do you see
the car was like hey baby let me turn
down the lights for you weirdest things
to say I know I'm a weirdo we're at
Sonic doing a little flashback uh what's
today when Missy and I were teenagers in
high school we went to Sonic all the
time and we'd get corndogs and Sonic
blast with extra extra extra extra extra
extra recess tricky we seriously ordered
it like that huh
ya think I want a corn dog I'm kind of
hungry I didn't really eat dinner okay
you tried to give us something yeah I
was like yeah that sounds really good I
have to push that red button to order so
I almost it okay my very first job was
actually working at a sonic cool thing
about a sonic I don't know if you have
them in your area probably not because
they're not like worldwide or anything
you have to wear rollerblades in order
to work here when you deliver food you
deliver it on rollerblades I was one of
the first employees and I would actually
got the first very first order and it
was your dad yeah it was actually my dad
came because it was opening up opening
day and he came and he ordered himself a
chocolate shake and some fries and I got
to take out the very very first order I
was super happy so I'm all my
rollerblades
and I pick up the tray and I turn around
and then I drop it and I go Jake goes
everywhere and everyone was like being
made fun of me for like ever because
that's just typical me like I just drop
everything I'm so clumsy can I get a
small sonic blast with Reese's extra
extra extra Reese's
wait I don't know a racist but yes I
want a small Reese's glass with extra
extra extra research I don't learn them
in the extras I already ordered it twice
I'm present I get it all right
well yesterday's vlog I asked people
what office character they think I am
and I think it's pretty clear that I'm
kind of like an Andy because I break out
in song and I'm just a total dork but
someone actually commented grimmy
actually commented said Brian aka Stan
Lee works in that office wishes he could
be home is funny and loves to sleep
that's kind of somewhat true yeah
actually when I read it I was like he is
a Stan Lee I'm not Stan Lee okay you are
Andy okay sure this corn dog was meant
to journey all the way to the ranch
sitting on my car and into my mouth we
put any region that we go to Sonic and
just hang out and eat corn dogs and
resuce on a class look at that
no look amazing look at look at it smell
it smell it you guys stop all right guys
it was kind of like a chill day today
but I'm gonna go ahead and do the vlog
and go to bed you haven't read my
article I'm still standing the link is
in the description I totally appreciate
all the support from you guys I'm
getting a lot of awesome like tweets and
comments and stuff about it so thank you
so much for that and if you haven't read
it definitely go check it out that's it
for the vlog though but I hope you guys
have a fantastic rest of your day or if
you're watching this at night I hope you
have a great night's sleep
if you're watching this in the morning I
hope you have an amazing morning and day
and make sure you eat a yummy breakfast
and pack a lunch yeah we'll see you guys
tomorrow
barred
