what does that mean that means she's
gonna get it in a one can you just say I
won
can you just say I won please please
okay look at how speaking to kids
oh we were going to me what you thought
I did is he really I did good morning
guys I'm just about to run out the door
because I'm headed to the office this
morning which is really cool
first time I'm gonna be at the office
since my promotion so that's awesome I'm
just trying to see if we have something
to eat and you don't bye babe I love you
she gets to sleep in today she's not
going to work she actually has an
appointment and kind of bummed cause she
has to go without me again I hate when
she has appointments without me
just cuz I'm used to like being at every
single one of them rocking to some edge
Shirin on the way to work I've been
obsessed with the CD lately it's just so
good he's rumored to actually be working
with Tori Kelly if you guys know Tori
Kelly she's from the area but Scooter
Braun tweeted a pic of them working
together because I know she's working on
an album so that would be sick if he's
actually featured in it this is a little
taste of what we're gonna get because
when she's on maternity leave I'm gonna
be the one who leaving for work in the
morning and she's gonna get to stay home
hopefully after we have all of her you
know she'll be there the whole time
hoping the morning everyone um today
Bryan went off to work and I am home
which is so different because I'm
usually the one leaving and although I'm
still technically a working girl because
I didn't haven't gone on maternity leave
yet this is kind of like a little
glimpse into our future what it's going
to be like me and my mom are headed to
my doctor's appointment so to check
we're just doing a cervix check so
luckily it's not like a really big deal
one because Bryan missed our last one
and I think he'd be really sad if you
missed another one but this is just
going to be literally looking at my
cervix and then we'll be out of there
I'm in the
taxi like good kid whatever today June
18th is my parents 25th wedding
anniversary they've been married for 25
years they had their first date on June
18th 1988 no in 1987 and then they were
married June 18 1988 and then I was born
October 27 1989
year and a half later which was a year
and a half later which means that they
did not conceive me out of wedlock but
they have been over 25 years and they're
seriously like amazing
so I wanted to ask them what has been
the most fun thing that you've done
since being married for 25 years on this
thing we've done yeah like looks like
something like your biggest adventure or
more obey what's fun we just ran up
there just on a cuff and ran up there
and bought a tent and bought a sleeping
bag and yeah we claps I fished at the
beach and ate the fish we caught when
did you do that that's when we got the
sand dollars I did why wasn't I there it
was an anniversary oh that's cool and
that when you brought him all kinds of
sand dollars that's cool that sounds
really fun you slept on the beach and
like Hut yeah when we found like a
campsite near the beach
so yeah we just like pitched in
little tents and out there and let our
league had nothing yeah we didn't have
much money or anything to so we caught
the fish we cooked the fish we just
rough it the whole day cuz you're on
fire creation that's really fun I drove
five hours home so we just got back from
my appointment and Brian's home high
ball I guess he got out of work early
well I guess actually his computer
hasn't come in yet so I know it did come
in and they keep sending it back or
something I don't know it's dumb that's
amazing but I can't do anything yes it's
whatever so he had to come home and do
work from home and now we're gonna go
get some lunch because we're hungry
and my parents are coming with us but
they're in the other car but my
appointment went super good um cervix
are still great and they have not
shortened we got new pictures of Oliver
today at Missy's appointment and local
curators he's definitely getting
chubbier and his little lips are getting
chubbier he's so cute I seriously like
every time we see him he looks different
I just want to see him like not in this
I want to see him outside in a few weeks
in a few weeks
yes I am reporter hang out let me get in
here I am recording on Jim's new GoPro
you got a GoPro for Father's Day so this
your father stapler and so now when we
go to the beach see that's what it looks
like it's super tiny and we got like the
waterproof case on it but now when we go
to the beach we can go underwater we
should go to the pool today and check
out and like die or like throw the
camera and then dive down toward it
we're gonna be so cool I love this
wide-angle lens I'm not I can't see it
right now but it's pretty wide angle so
Missy's parents have been married today
for 25 years like Missy told you earlier
and so I have a question for you guys
Jim what is the most romantic thing that
you've ever done for Suzanne I asked her
into a mountains banquet and instead of
asking her to put the head and a paper
what she could read in like a newspaper
uh-huh and then we were sitting around
yeah how did he get you to read it did
you like reading ads a lot I think he
was reading and it was on the other side
Oh glancing through it that's so cool
that will you go with me to the banquet
that's so cool you guys I didn't know
that did you know that no I didn't mean
brainer sledding and oriental chicken
salad and little condo wishes business
these are like fresh one time I know
there looks so amazing no idea
out shopping right now for baby shower
stuff my mom really wanted to come but
for the past couple days
her backs just been killing her so we
are out fine all kinds of stuff in baby
shower okay don't be children I've just
been doing some work on my computer and
I got a new ball so you can look at my
new computer so you're gonna see nerdy
Brian come out really really fast but
yeah they got my new computer and I'm
gonna run to work and pick it up so I
can get it all set up and ready tomorrow
morning I can actually start work at the
office like a real live human being
person who works in an office who do you
guys think I'm more like in the TV show
the office do you think I'm more like
Dwight do you think I'm more like Jim do
you think I'm more like Andy do you
think I'm more like Michael
don't even say Kevin if you if someone
says Kevin you guys better downvoted
into oblivion
hey Toyota if you're watching this you
need to make bigger cupholders cuz they
ain't gonna work when I'm driving down
the freeway driving down the freeway get
array going every way yeah ah sometimes
I just try too hard just came around the
corner and this is what I see
well not for this patient again okay I'm
picking out a bottle so because we're
doing like a message in the bottle kind
of theme so I have to pick out a bottle
wine but apparently I love ridiculous in
the wine area picking out bottle when I
am eight months pregnant so I have no
idea anything about wine so I don't know
really what I'm looking for third winner
like this I have no idea there's a cork
in there or not I'm assuming there is
equal except really carefully by hey up
so I got my work computer you guys and I
hear that it's pretty dang thin I'm like
totally geeking out right now Miche
gonna look at this thing
busy busy Missy look up in my computer
is Wow
I know you got all your cool stuff and I
got my cool stuff
I always start falling when we're going
on those bumps we are headed to the pool
we are gonna try out the GoPro they
really feel like they need to like
really test it out throw it in the water
I guess and jump in totally yeah guys
he's got the GoPro she's gonna jump into
the water go just go just go Jim she's
coming with your camera it's still
recording
velcro underwater audio poly sucks so
Jimmy's really cool with this thing he
can actually blow like little rings
underwater so he's going to try it I
won't get in the pool but it feels
really good in the pool but not so then
I'll find that it's like windy I have to
hold the camera to hoping that you guys
don't hear all the way this is so cool
thumbs up if you think we should go to
the beach and film sills and um terrible
don't wall D what if I thought I'm so
cool this thing is awesome enough so the
pool is fun but now you're gonna get hat
Brian it's my hair looks like poo did
want to remind you guys that it is the
19th and I was totally wrong on the
livestream about when my article was
going to go out but I do have a new
article that's being pushed out on
still-standing magazine so I'll have the
link below if you guys want to read it
it's called deadbeat dad it touches a
lot on our first loss which we haven't
talked about a whole lot and so I
thought that'd be a good time to do so
and it's sort of Father's Day themed so
you guys should definitely go check it
out definitely click that like button on
the top of
article to let them know that I sent you
and so that other people can see it too
because it's got a lot of really cool
stuff in it that I think a lot of dads
need to hear so you know if you're
watching because you're in the same
situation bring up that article and
share it with your husband because it
has a lot of really cool stuff a lot of
truth and that's what we get to go do
now anyone else anyone sick of seeing
shopping this is going again to look for
another dress is this gonna be the trip
is this gonna be the trip babe so me
turn so sick of shopping but nothing
that I've tried is what I want so
apparently I've never been to Kohl's did
you know they have digital price tags
how cool is that also that's pretty
expensive for a hat I would never pay
that for a habit that's pretty cool that
it's digital
I hit my toe and now it's bleeding in at
HULC always hurting myself always is
he's still shopping oops just getting
some stuff in there part vision burn
yeah these really cool parts I'm not
gonna hurt you Missy's got a bunch of
dresses and we're gonna show them to you
guys again but this way in a different
way you guys ready
I made it miss he doesn't like to
slumber this is when I tried out she
said it's horrendous
and I think it's perfect look it's just
you look so cute okay
definitely horrendous when you and it
wasn't on me oh but it's different now
find me I'm debating it oh good we look
together you guys okay after putting it
on okay
this wait for you guys it's coming this
was ridiculous but when I was on me I
kind of liked it so what does that mean
that means she's gonna get it and I won
can you just say I won can you just say
I won please please you want mmm
but this doesn't mean that you're good
it's only cuz you look cute in it so you
did muscle work guess what guys Taco
Tuesday totally remembered remember the
last time I came here on a Wednesday and
I was so excited and then ended up being
wet saying I was like boo now I get
tacos tacos
I can't believe actually made it YUM and
Carmen's like I'm your best friend
remember remember when I was your best
friend we had a pretty awesome day today
and we're now pretty tired and we're
getting ready for bed yeah yeah hold on
be sure to check out the link below
because Brian's article is up in the
still-standing magazine so check it out
and like it if you do so we will see you
guys tomorrow
bye bye and I didn't realize that there
was not
a trash can in the in a little cupboard
so when I dumped it it just literally
right on before luckily I didn't have a
drink it was just food but I was like ah
and so I look around and all those like
all the sides like guys like sitting at
tables is actually employees standing
there and they all saw me do it
