so cute they just make me wanna have a
baby so badly but I am having a baby
big offense you know so far okay
look at how stinky QT is closer there
you go
oh we were going to me what you want I
did did you really I did
shotgun hey don't okay guys today I am
going to go out and buy some last-minute
things for my hospital bag it sucks
because I have everything for the
hospital bag but I can't pack it because
I use it and I have to buy like double
of everything I didn't really ever think
that I would have to do that but I get
that all together and then I can do my
hospital bag video I've already gotten
all kinds of little items that will be
needed like shampoo conditioner and
deodorant stuff like that so
everything's coming together really well
and it's actually pretty cheap since I'm
just buying the like travel sizes of
everything now I'm just looking for some
nursing pads that are reusable so I'd
like to not have to use the kinds that
you throw away and they get stopping
disgusting it you're all starving so
it's indexed by the time got hand
expressed and kind of present like my
sister's favorite and so it basically
what it is if you don't have it in your
area it's like fast food Chinese food
and something that like chomping fries
chicken this is like the best I always
get the craziest origins when I go to
Panda Express
and this is the
just gone you will soon witness a
miracle do kidding me
first thing my mom said is how soon
that's pretty good I think that my
fortune is correct I will soon be
experiencer witnessing a miracle
good afternoon beautiful people of the
Internet
I actually just got off work do you see
this out here it's like muggy and and
feels kind of smells like it's gonna
rain actually I don't know is there
smell for when it's about to rain I
think people I think old people know cuz
their hip hurts or something right
so much to do today and look I love this
Thank You Nessie she just unlocks the
door for me I have so much to do today
and I just don't know where to start and
I was telling Missy and she's like well
I'll organize it all for you but the
thing is is when I have so many things
to do I just don't do it
I've just progressed me and I don't do
it who is hot in my car come on Missy
air just get drunk disturb the peace RSA
we're going all the way today oh I must
have access uh-huh if we walk down this
road we'll be loved the show seriously
what I'm just singing in the car
everyone does it not as much as you do
the other zombie better have a better
attitude look at this cute little girl
hello wait whose pants are those really
I don't fit into anything
oh you're wearing like super old clothes
now think we I think I remember you
wearing those in like high school or
something you still fit anything anymore
I don't think I have like two shirts I
can fit in here I put the anchor on our
car subscriber sent us this and it's
really cool this is stressful
just right there wait Jenny to wash it
Oh probably hopefully actually who you I
do down after frantically searching for
something okay want to put this on now
okay
right there right there right there it's
fine it's fine yeah it's on is it
working yeah oh my gosh look a girl ha
ha
that is so cool babe yeah like it Thanks
a little anchor no one commented and
said they sent that to it so if you
that to us tell us because I was really
cool that is then I sums up for the
anchor so you guys know we have this
zombie up here on the mirror he's kind
of a jerk oh you got a jerk yeah he's a
jerk but a subscriber cent is another
zombie these things are so cool I want
like a collection I just think this one
is very creepy
it's bald vampire too we're gonna put
this guy up there and they're gonna be
buddies okay you're going to get along
this one's probably not gonna talk for a
while because you know he's shy and
stuff but I have a name I have a name
for them this little guy his name is Ben
and then this guy is Jerry
so it's Ben and Jerry maybe he'll like
hang on to him force them to be friends
or something crush him you're gonna
crush him oh that worked it worked
high-five ah yesterday mentioned the
very embarrassing lightening crotch if
you don't know what that is basically
what it is I don't want I don't want any
like all kinds of crazy thoughts going
through basically what it is is the baby
his head is sitting right on my cervix
and so when I walk or like now it's like
just anytime and when I walk especially
though his head will basically head but
my cervix and it's very painful and it
feels like lightening like you it like
it's like a shocking feeling and so now
it's happening like all the time like
every time I take one step I'll feel him
like bounce I skip to the part that had
the speed bumps for you oh thank you
every time I take one step like I'll
feel and bounce on my head on my
stairways I'm like ah so now I'm just
always like bracing myself for a nice
cervix kick
I miss you since you're pregnant do you
want a pickle it's not the weirdest
misconception is that all pregnant women
love pickles
people do but I really begin knew that I
would never yeah take a look like
there's nothing in the world I think
this is just weird pickling about you
guys oh yeah you're picking out that the
grocery store decorations there's
nothing in there I mean they're not
using it babe not even using it would
you like one of these pshh no so if you
don't know we just finished the Charlie
banana giveaway on my channel and we're
getting ready to pick the winners right
now I don't know this but my brother is
actually a computer science major and he
designed this program so that we could
enter all the cons are all the comments
really easily like I said and I'm all
automatically it shows that we had 891
total entries four hundred and seven of
them entered into the new board entries
and 484 entered into the current or
switching entries and also removes
people on a stay enters like molt or
didn't follow the rules it checks to
make sure that you guys did everything
and it stands at all automatically
because he is a genius he is he did this
like it took them cold days but it's
like really awesome so I'm gonna pick
the winners I know I just like entering
a code right now and then just like
picks it guys say you're gonna enter
you're gonna enter n for a random
newborn winner hmm so someone who's
winning the newborn yeah so let's see
who the winner is you guys should go
check out the video that we just did
because me and Brian actually do a race
of who can cloth diaper the fastest so
it's really fun look what came you guys
I got a road smart lab it's a lapel
microphone that actually plugs in right
to your phone and records audio and then
we can use that so I think we're gonna
try and use this for Missy's videos just
because we need to get something a
little easier because we have a lot of
setup work that we have to do every time
we shoot so I'm gonna open up this bad
boy and see if it helps so we're getting
ready for the other way video and I
don't know if you guys seen it yet but
we have to basically cloth diaper a
stuffed animal and so I put these on
we're going to race to stuff up cost
diaper a stuffed animal and so we just
want want and there's actually so cute
they just make me wanna have a baby so
bad like wait I am having a baby well
these make me want my baby really badly
like right now because they just look so
cute I can't wait for Oliver Oliver's
gonna be wearing me
you guys going to be wearing these so I
just changed my very first cloth diaper
you guys I did it and I did it on this
little guy here are Vermont Teddy Bear
how does it I don't know actually you
should probably test these like I only
did that what am I supposed to do these
straps under here - I'm an amateur you
guys I have no idea we need a course you
know what we need to do we need to Skype
with Heidi Kim and she needs to give us
all the basic huh or she just needs to
come here
yeah and I did it so that the tab was
out so you can just there my pulling on
the right tab now this time she shows
that really would you yeah you didn't
know that no Charlie Bennett has these
huge tabs on here so you don't have to
get your fingers all gross but if you
guys entered the giveaway go and watch
it and it'll be linked down below so you
can check it out because I think it was
pretty funny actually we're on the ball
today and we're getting done two videos
we did the giveaway video and we're
going to do our bump day video and a
huge moment just happened the first time
in like 30 bump dates okay first I'll
just backtrack for a second every single
time we do a bump day Brian asks me what
do you think we should do this time when
we do our like intro like he always
asked me for ideas and I'm like oh but
actually just camping with my very first
book date idea I'm so excited about it
so we are headed somewhere I'm gonna let
you guys guess we worked really really
hard so we deserve it we're rewarding
ourselves if you don't know I have been
obsessed with chicken gnocchi soup since
the beginning of this pregnancy I
actually didn't even like chicken okie
soup until the pregnancy like
I just like discovered it during the
pregnancy and it's like the most amazing
thing it's like salty and delicious and
we have a new saying that actually one
of our subscribers came up with and it's
Peace Love and chicken Doki soup look at
all these gift cards I just pulled out
of my wallet that's from the baby shower
seriously
Target Kohl's you even got one from what
is this Victoria's Secret yeah which was
actually a good idea for a baby shower a
bunch of toys are not three Toys R Us
ones Burlington of Babies R Us yeah and
then another one too a little local shop
in California which we go to it's a
little out of the way so you gotta like
please yeah but yeah this is basically
causing me back pain it's like all this
is like shoved into my wallet this is
what it's all about you guys chicken and
your piece and then you can have it all
every single time you guys always
correct us chicken knee okay yeah look
at okay so it's like this amazing soup
and then you got it has these little
treasures there's one right now Annie
okey are you happy
is Oliver happy okay so you were saying
earlier how you've been feeling a lot of
lightning crotch yeah do you think that
he is dropping because right now your
belly looks super low when we were
filming her bum day I was like yeah he
looks lower I can tell I think you look
lower but he's still pretty my ribs I
don't know I think that's always gonna
be there just cuz your uterus is big I
don't know what do you guys think I
think I don't eat yeah you look okay
definitely look it this is like your
waist okay and your belly's like right
here your belly is officially below your
waist now
maybe good karma he's like can you
please pay attention to me pay attention
to me even from this angle it looks
lower little Bloor up here or the
syllabus is high no it looks lower up
there too yeah karma karma karma hi boy
Oh catch a ball all right guys thank you
so much for watching vlog I hope you had
an awesome day and as always as always
do that as always we will see you guys
tomorrow kay bye
karma says bye - okay I know we just
ended the vlog but yeah even even with
your shirt up your your belly looks like
it's dropping I'm sorry that's happening
okay second goodbye look at these
massive watermelons you guys crazy they
go up to that for reference
yeah Oliver is not gonna get that big
right for this heavy oh my gosh be 9le
the seas having lightning crotch that's
the term isn't it Missy
you're pregnant I think they know
they're going to hear some things that
they don't
