morning guys I am starting my new job at
Target this morning how do I look
I'm a kak pants on red shirt on I'm just
kidding
I don't work at Target thank you so far
okay look at how speaking to PS Oh
we were going to what you want I did did
you really I did
excuse you Karma
good morning everyone so I am up and
about I don't get this room in order
everything just seems to have gone a
little bit crazy messy over the past few
days probably just because I've been
really lazy
let's not stretch on today okay always
worried you know how because my pants
like okay I know you guys can't see yet
but like my pants will indents in here
so I'm always like feeling down your my
disastrous work but it wasn't and as you
can see it is a shirt up kind of day I
don't want anything touching my belly I
feeling um somewhat energetic today I
mean I'm still exhausted I barely got
any sleep but that's okay I'm gonna do
some cloth diapering laundry I know a
lot of you had some questions like
nearly 24 diapers like I have 24 diapers
here but I actually have a bunch of
diapers that I just received so I need
to wash all of these which is so I'm
done I think I even still have some of
his clothes in the dryer that's how lazy
I have been Cara why are you in here
oh this snowman macho okay your snowman
you want that that's what you want are
you looking for ha hey guys hanging out
with Rockstar Jeff cousin I've been
talking to Jeffrey about possibly
getting a tattoo I don't know you guys
know that I'm kind of not into the whole
painting but look yeah he's got a guy
that he goes to for his tattoos and so
we're actually gonna run by the shop and
see what I'm looking at
I don't really know and I don't know
Missy's totally on board either I kind
of have a design that I want but I have
no idea where I would get a tattoo so
where do you want Missy and Missy
doesn't know what that we're going right
now
oh yeah I told her oh I can't hide to
tell her everything or else she'll be
like oh so I saw on the vlog that you
went here with Jeffrey and I don't know
what do you guys think
thumbs up if you guys think I should get
a tattoo and where do you think I should
get it because I really have no idea I
can get it on my forearm Missy was
thinking like my back shoulder blade but
I don't know about that being it like
really big on my chest no just that's
not happening it's got all of all of her
socks out of the dryer and here they all
are
okay so we have like way too many socks
I do want to match them so it's not like
really hard to go through when we go to
put socks on it so me and Cassie are
going to have a little matching contest
and see who gets the most matches the
fastest so here we go ready go
done I got 27 I think I know I won so I
have 27 pairs of socks she is 25 pence
sauce that is 39 42 croissants 52 pairs
of socks free zone with a 52 fare design
and came across the Hat 53
yeah I have an extra one here which I
know how to match over 50 pairs of socks
guys who teach my foot but we matched
them and we did it in a fun way
now what he said attached know what you
can't do that now that I'm moving to
Cathy what do you guys think something
like that just right here probably not
mm-hmm it's pretty simple so I said to
be like 80 bucks we'll see what we see
thinks all right here you go I am now
washing my cloth I prove it is so
exciting I found me actually getting
things ready and it's the cost diapers
which I'm so excited about so that was
kind of like a big moment for me just
now he really was and I counted all my
cloth diapers all together and I
actually have 37 cloth diapers and 54
inserts just pretty dang good for just
like starting probably buying more but I
it was such a big naive enhan Instagram
it so well good news guys actually
passed level 33 so happy that was like I
almost started crying when I saw it and
I actually did it my mom still stuck on
three three though she's not too happy
that I passed her there's cranberry
juice cranberry pomegranate cranberry
raspberry cream pomegranate strain grape
and cherry cranapple cranberries
literally got with all those other
juices it's like getting around huh
look at these massive watermelons you
guys that's crazy they go up to there
for reference it's like twice the size
of my head
yeah Oliver's not gonna get that big
right oh my poor that's heavy oh my gosh
not in my belly I don't know he's having
lightning crotch that's the term isn't
it Missy you're pregnant I think they
know they're gonna hear some things that
they don't necessarily want to hear all
the time
okay climbing the walls of my huge
business you guys know I'm like obsessed
with blueberries right now well I guess
there's a red bowl blue edition that has
blueberries in it and it's so good
except Missy hates Red Bull she hates
the smell of it so I can't drive and
drink it at the same time so I have to
finish it and then drive safe anyways
what do you mean it's not safe it's not
safe to drive and drink a can of soda
okay it's actually it really isn't safe
because if I do it then Missy will punch
me in the face Brian got me some Reese's
sticks I guess he was feeling guilty
because he ate mine I also got me a
scratcher so maybe we're gonna win big
honey me
I gotta stop letting you do it cuz you
always lose I really do I didn't get
anything I'm always a lucky one last
time I did I got a hundred bucks yeah
like this was almost - I'm you get
anything right no way to go Missy now we
can't buy our yacht Freight
no no yacht vlogging you guys cuz Missy
lost Bryan's running adult to the Dollar
Tree because someone suggested that
maybe a noodle would be easier to sit on
rather than my raft in the pool
so that would be really cool if they
sell them at the Dollar Tree I'm kind of
hoping they do because I don't really
feel like going to Target or Walmart oh
that goes Timmy's night and it was
really hard getting on that raft it was
almost like I felt like I was like
straining myself more trying to get on
it he didn't he's found me found them I
had to get to so that one person isn't
left unarmed great yes very cool color
yeah that's so cool I'm so happy now
okay we go swimming I guess we are
headed to the pool again cuz that's like
Missy's favorite place right now huh
yeah yeah so Emily got the noodles so
I'm gonna beat the crap out of each
other with those yeah do you have to
poop hey say there cuz I'm beating it
out of you just kidding
Missy's using her gobble noodle action
I saw your new doll we're out of the
pool but I just realized that we left my
noodles there and I'm so sad but Brian
says they're only a dollar so whatever
you were so excited about the noodles
and then you left them no I really like
they were really nice they were like
perfect exactly what I wanted to be able
to like be in the water but not have to
like support myself thought I would
address something we think we got a ton
of new subscribers so welcome to the
daily ones Channel we've been getting a
lot of questions so it was hard for us
to like answer every one but we were
getting uncle ton so first of all we
have a frequently asked question page
that you can definitely check out you
can get a lot of like main questions
like figured out but one big one today
was what do you log with and how do you
get underwater images so I'm going to
show you our underwater camera it's a
GoPro and this is what it looks like and
it's just it's just the one that we use
underwater it's not very good to use
day-to-day but our other camera well I'm
vlogging with it so I can't really show
you guys here this is what it looks like
the Canon ELPH 110 and it's just like a
good camera I don't know really know
that much but all that's unlike on our
frequently asked questions page and
there's a lot of other good information
there if you guys are just like how old
you guys where do you live what do you
guys do like we get a lot of that so
definitely check that out we'll have it
link below in the description box the
heat wave has finally come to him
do you see this he's in front of the fan
is it hot boy did you get hot today look
at his ears you guys they keep going up
and down up and then down up down up
down
do you see him wink he also winked oh
hey I'm sorry I will make fun of you no
mas cometh cuddling with a belly you
guys see this all he's kicking like
crazy and Carmen knows it huh I swear he
knows so good Josh you lost
uh come on was that necessary
was that necessary hey are these her
Reese's yes I am about to eat the
Reese's sticks that you bought for me
after you ate them all all right I'm
gonna try and show you smoothie he's
going crazy but every time I go to
record he stops moving hey buddy you
wanna move is he asleep
no he was just kicking like crazy I
think he's sleeping now they felt he
falls asleep fast then cuz literally I
pressed record he was so kicking is it
focus on your belly
no whoa did you see that wow that was a
really big one huh that is so cool there
he goes
Oliver anybody oh man something's moving
inside you look what we found you guys
Bop It
- do you guys remember this it's like so
much fun so Missy and I are gonna go
head-to-head I'm actually gonna hold the
camera and she's gonna play her part and
then when it's time for a herd switch we
have to switch cameras and this so it's
gonna be super funny right now leave in
the comments who do you thinks gonna win
do it right now I'll give you like five
seconds you're gonna you're just riding
Brian or Missy it's probably me
okay so you leave your comment and now
we're gonna play and see who wins you're
gonna go first
what it's only fun okay that's out of
that's out of three I sum this game well
you need some practice
yep Wow so have you ever been good at
the game I don't I just think it's just
like there's there's too many things you
have to think about it pop it pop it
ah yeah all right guys I'm gonna go
ahead and end the vlog it is super late
and I have to edit and go to bags I have
to work tomorrow
but if you guys don't know we have a big
surprise coming up and we mentioned it a
couple vlogs ago and I tweeted about it
and we're really really excited you guys
are gonna be super surprised and we
can't wait it's gonna be like so much
fun expect that coming really soon thank
you guys so much for watching the vlog
we appreciate everything you guys do for
us all the nice comments and things you
send us and stuff your you guys are just
all like amazing so thank you guys so
much and we will see you in tomorrow's
vlog so just wait here for like 12 more
hours and then tomorrow's vlog will be
up and then you can watch again or if
you're watching this late then just go
down there or somewhere and click and go
watch the next vlog just yeah go do that
but that was easy enough right thank you
guys for watching and we'll see you
tomorrow bye T's rap has a whole
you sure it's a hole it sounds like you
are you sinking
you're like the Titanic this is perfect
and I didn't mean that in a way about
your size or any
