hey karma can you wait hey hey
oh my god you're so smart
big offense you know so far
okay look at how stinky poopy is yo get
closer
there you go
oh you're going to me what you thought I
did did you really I did good morning
guys
so today is the big day we're doing a
doing a livestream in about 30 minutes
and so I'm just trying to get everything
so local more computer we got about 20
minutes um and then we're gonna be live
right here so got the bed made Missy's
all gorgeous looking Purdy we got some
light going in here and now we just
really need some food all right so we
can write for the livestream and we're
pretty hungry but we thought we would
make some guacamole for the livestream
so I guess this is also going to be our
lunch so I'm gonna make that right now
Missy's making some guacamole and I'm
gonna try and tackle some of this
laundry she's like I'll make you food if
you do some laundry I was like I guess
I'm out on the road boom as you can tell
we're really simple when we do laundry
around here we just grab what sturdy and
throw it in the washer no games
don't gimmicks we don't do any
separating the next way to time to long
if something gets ruined because of
separating then that's fine because
honestly it's not like we spent hundred
dollars on our clothes and we don't
that's just way too much work way too
much work Bowl
oh I hope in it show you Missy's
underwear just now all right so we got
the guacamole in here and or the avocado
and then I guess I just pour this in
here mm-hmm
all right ooh I shouldn't be doing this
I really didn't show it to you last
night I did not be seeing this yeah this
is not good for me you ain't got game
okay so good what is it it's so gross Oh
game it's like chiles and herbs and
stuff Chili's I got Bob all set up right
in front of the computers so people can
say hi to him hey Bob how you doing good
good you excited for the livestream
totally gotta say harder my friends yo
well we're gonna be live in about 18
minutes are you nervous at all I'm
preacher
oh cool cool he'll be there um mark and
now pop it up and then just give it a
stir
you see it's got like nice and chunky
still I don't think we really planned
this we just decided we were going to
eat chips and guac during the livestream
you have ever eaten chips and guac then
you know that we're really loud so
hopefully we're not too annoying
everyone not winter open with questions
coming in and we got five minutes four
three two one oh that's going hosting
and we're live I think let's see what
this is doing over here that still says
starting soon boom oh no they're
probably watching us you think we'd know
this by now but we're still like
amateurs are we using something
different no we are okay you know if I
am a situation at the point jokes where
when it is time for me to go back and if
I can do it
I'm definitely hanging on do not yours
try we're in the no live stream and I
just had to vlog time I was trying to
eat my pineapple lump okay everyone say
hi everyone say hi to yourself it'll
come just wait for it is taking a while
we'll try that again later okay the
comments are just now updating everyone
saying hi to themselves that was like 10
minutes ago that's why we're not doing
it from the comments but everyone's
saying hi to yourself comment in the
blog if you see yourself oh my gosh it
yeah that's going crazy you guys are so
cool you guys know how cool you are
oh my goodness we are having so much fun
on the LifeStraw oliver saying hi to
some kicks but it's not gonna be big
enough to show i never say goodbye
everyone
why am i recording if you're recording I
don't know block ception
ah all right guys we're staying a bi on
the vlog I hope everyone had a fantastic
time you guys will see us tomorrow you
see us today too we put up a vlog today
have you watched the vlog today I almost
catch a rabbit this angle of her oh then
I can vlog this angle of her and then
you're getting like multi angles I don't
know good alright bye you guys
hike I'm a boy hi
boy karma really likes the livestream
did you have fun did you have fun boy
did you have fun look at you looking all
classy what what do you want to do
we just finished a live stream that was
so much fun talking to you guys and I
just went through Twitter and I tried to
answer more questions I'm sorry we kind
of get to all of them obviously it was
way nicer doing it on Twitter than in
the comments of the live vlog because
the comments were just delayed and there
were a lot and so doing on Twitter was
like the way to go so I'm really happy
we did that and karma still wants a
pineapple lump no they're not for Joo
and we did it we made these chips and
guac and we seriously didn't get to eat
any during the live vlog because it like
it just kept getting stuck in my throat
the water is so good babe it's seriously
so good you guys look at that look at
that look at that smell it smell it
hey hey karma can you wait hey oh my
gosh you're so smart
come on why couldn't you wave during the
livestream to everyone huh
hi karma come eh hi hi boy hi boy shake
good boy anyone high-five good boy see
it's like three tricks and one misses
been lazy since the livestream ended
she's just been sitting here are you
okay
these cool pants she's wearing and she
fits in them huh yeah doing my belly pan
and then I don't know if I can show this
fart Hey Oh me oh my gosh they were that
that's so funny
yeah these are actually my mom's very
thin uh you want some want some yeah you
want some cheese with that whine yeah
gosh you whine a lot you think she was
like pregnant or in pain or something
gosh oh really
going to this little place it's like
it's like a swimming pool place but it's
like beach like it's so so so cool and I
think my sister's going to be having
your birthday party there so we're gonna
go check it out and hopefully we can
actually go swimming so we've got our
bathing suits and stuff if we can but
I'm not sure if we'll be able to
especially because honestly we probably
shouldn't I still have not filled my
bump date and it's Saturday but I've
never done that before I've never like
been this late and it's already sounded
at Saturday afternoon hopefully the bump
day will be up tomorrow or I may just
release it on Monday and it'll just be a
weird week check out this place you guys
it's got sand and it's like cool it's
like a pool it's so cool it's like you
get to hang out on the beach but you get
to swim in a nice pool
that is so cool whoo I thought uh a
fruit loop the sand is very very hot wow
that's so cool
there's this guy over here he's just
literally sweeping the sand up to this
point I know that's just be a heck of a
job though feels so good you guys this
is so cool and we're definitely going
down the waterslide well I am you are
Ryan supposed to go down that slide but
do it till did I just he's gettin warmed
up again and then he'll go again I guess
it's really really beautiful day
basically like perfect weather not too
hot
that's fine
I feel like I'm like 12 years old again
doing it again we do you again
everybody's in his head
see and I have put on so much sunscreen
but I feel like we're gonna get bumped
like I feel like I'm getting read and
Missy - I heard pregnant women burn
easily
well I've sprayed myself like over and
over
yeah hopefully I really don't want to
get something right what suck so bad
I think he's moving but he's like II
keep stopping it's like turn on the
camera always like kicking like crazy
but then it's ooh they trying to put on
the camera he always stops but just
trying to get comfortable because we're
like sitting in a weird position some
kid though do you guys remember when I
lost Phil the zombie finger puppet that
I've had since I was like 15
well the salesman said it was here at
Toyota in the desk but it's not and I'm
pretty sure someone took him because
he's really cool and now I don't I'm
just really bummed cuz I've had him for
years and he's always been somewhere in
my car like hidden you know and it was
kind of like a a big deal it's kind of a
big deal okay so in yesterday's vlog we
told you guys tell us if our car is a
girl or a boy and what the name is and
the person with the most up votes won
that's when we chose we just chose a
name and we really liked it this person
gave us a name for the car and it had
nine up votes and the name of the car is
kind of jumbled
necie Breanna actually commented and
said that we should name the car Nessie
and obviously it's a girl and because
it's kind of like this sea green color
like the Loch Ness monster I love it I
think it's so cute I know so we're gonna
call her Nessie or Ness you know what we
should get we should get one of those
cool little like decals with the Loch
Ness monster like face like peeking out
what are we so cool yeah yes yes I
understand that so I got come with this
toy and I don't think Missy Brian are
going to be suits too thrilled about it
hey grandma best two dollars I spent
they're up to something
guess we'll see I am cooking some dinner
we're having a beef stroganoff tonight I
don't know how did I get this job
Suzanne because I was literally standing
in the kitchen and he's like grab that
pan
now grab that pan now put water in that
pan and then it kind of just turned into
that but yeah we're making beef beef
Hollister over that rice karma
karma handed me his toy because he
thought I was gonna throw it and I put
it up there instead I'm sorry go find a
different toy to play with go play with
your toy rope where'd you park it off go
get your crocodile go get you cook it up
Missy is folding laundry
high five Missy folding laundry oh
that's wife ever right there and karma
did find his little elephant toy he
actually it was what I should have
gotten the vlog but he actually like
climbed the wall put his head into that
basket and pulled that I'm just kidding
me grab your time humbly hi is you sure
happy now you have your yellow fan huh I
hope you guys enjoyed the little clip
that Missy did of karma if you guys
liked it let us know in the comments we
were actually thinking how cool would it
be if we did like a little
australian-themed
karma Channel and we did like skits and
like fun little things a Carmen playing
in the park I could be famous I could be
YouTube famous it's not like we're busy
enough you know what I mean I was
thinking about names and I thought how
about karma from Down Under
I don't know we'd have to have like an
Australian voice play karma if we ever
used his voice anyway I hope you guys
had a fantastic night
I'm just getting some work done and
tomorrow's Father's Day and I think
Missy might have a few things planned
for me I don't know we'll see anyway I
hope you guys all have an amazing
Father's Day to all the different type
of fathers out there so thank you guys
so much for watching and we will show
you tomorrow bye so we're just now
leaving the park and did you want some
water
so sneaky little kids really but there
must be something wedged in their right
eye
