yeah oh you really do you like that one
babies helping us stuff apart okay look
at how sticky QP is closer there you go
oh we were going to me what what I did
did you really I did good morning guys
tell me if this ever happens to you so
I'm just standing in front of our mirror
and sink and I was just fixing my hair
and I came in and miss him sitting over
on the bed and I'm just like doing this
and I'm like hey Missy do we have any
sourdough left so I kind of want to make
sandwiches and sourdough is really yummy
and then I look and there's no one there
I'm talking to no one
what a great way to start the morning
making lunch and Brian's making us that
chicken that we made last night for City
College sandwiches so that should be
delicious he went to bed so late so we
woke up late so now we have to hurry up
and finish the video and get it up and
I'm so excited for it to be of it's
gonna be pretty crazy day still the
sounds are so good and my little mixer
makes the chicken so good and perfect um
but I made these little drinks for Missy
and I and it's basically two-thirds
lemonade and a splash of orange juice
and Miss is drinking it and she says
that it's making her feel nauseous it
kind of tastes like a drink we used to
drink when we were younger yeah yep we
are still working on our draw our life
relationship thing got about five hours
um we'll see if it happens we're working
hard um but we're just about to record
Hey the narration once we get this done
it's not gonna be that hard right yeah
is it anything gonna be really hard yeah
funny because whenever we do this with
the mic um and I can hear like the
monitor in my ears
it sounds so it sounds like I'm in a
recording studio Missy's gonna sneeze
and it's gonna be really loud are you
good yeah you can't say the word sneeze
when you're about to sneeze or else it
goes away
huh oh no one can hear yeah I know let's
see it here you try and pushed Stupa
take a check out
it just sounds cool guys it just it
sounds so cool all right so we finished
with all of the
a voice part of the draw my life and
Brian and is Brian is totally editing it
and everything and I'm gonna get ready
and I'm going on shopping I have to find
a dress for my maternity shoot and also
the mature shoot I'm dressed I think I'm
just gonna wear to also my baby shower
which is next week
I would baby shower next week on
Saturday I'm so excited so I'm going to
try like Ross and stuff like that I'm
gonna try and drag my mom along with me
so that I'm not by myself because brian
has to stay here and edit so we are
shopping and I'm really hate shopping
like especially pregnant now and just
it's just not fun I hate having you in
the dressing room take off my clothes
outfit probably look terrible and try
again it's just exhausting so we'll see
how this goes okay so this is the first
outfit and I'm looking at and it's not a
maternity dress
but it looks like it I mean look how
that like comes over like this I kind of
like it oh I think it complements my
skin and everything I don't know if it's
something I wanna go though gosh it
won't look huge on it but gives the
other one this one is again dark blue I
guess I love dark blue um another long
one I'm not sure how I like how it's I
like two more like 1/10 you like it I
like it oh no oh yeah yeah oh you really
do you like that one
babies he'll finish up I'm not sure I I
don't know I don't think about it so
here's this one it's definitely a
different color but I'm not loving it I
feel like I'm wearing a nightgown it
feels like that
really pickup into the wall like a long
way down this one I like the color
yeah she's kind of like yeah so I did it
I do maybe like a - maybe like - oh oh
my gosh uzuki like four hours but I
finally I had to draw my life and it's
uploading now and people are going crazy
and they can't wait and we're at 66% so
I'm back home I ended up not getting of
course anything because I can't make
this decision right I don't think that
they're the perfect ones they just
weren't exactly what I was thinking
sorry super day they see me on so if you
haven't seen them drown my life it is up
and you can watch it with the link in
the description or the annotation on the
video but I did want to say this is like
the first time we've ever really opened
up to you guys and told you you know how
we met our relationship story and I'll
even how we grew up and you know Missy
and I have been through a lot I feel
like it's really important to not hold
anything back when it comes to sharing
your story because there's so many
people out there who could be affected
by it for so many different reasons in
turn it could like help those people so
we were just totally honest with
everything that's in that video and I
really really hope you guys enjoyed it
do you guys hear that
that is the ice cream man and he has
passed her house about three times now
and I think he knows he's like Brian in
there and you really want ice cream on
karma come on you want ice cream he's
seriously been circling the block I'm
not getting ice cream from him hey Missy
D have any spare change it's almost like
addicting going through all your
comments and reading them and like we
could stay here and do it all today but
we'll probably catch up tomorrow but I
mean look it's already got a hundred
fifty likes and it's been up for not
even an hour so that's really crazy I'm
really happy that we were able to like
impact so many people and karma even you
were on it homeboy all right guys the
draw my life is officially up we are out
of the house now but we were kind of
nervous we just be sure to wat a lot and
it's been
like really nerve-wracking to put it all
together and get ready to share but I
mean we're really excited about it it's
just nerve-racking and I wonder I don't
know what everyone's gonna think and say
this he's getting her favorite cold
stone look at this amethyst anyone
banana bread batter yogurt she's very
picky oh look at this guy
hey Missy is the only person I know who
can spend $7 that cold stuff this bunny
just went running from all the way like
over there to right here you don't you
there's so many of them yeah they're
like all in these bushes I really want
to catch one of these bunnies they're
just so cute look they're just like
they're just hopping around here
and dairy goes hello really want to go
Missy's made a public transportation for
the book ants okay hang on we gotta get
on ok catch we put them on and then you
bring them up there hey get up okay
this is pretty ingenious babe I know
right
there's me so happy once they realized
what it is ah I created a long stick for
it
you
you
the trick is you have to move super fast
super fast super super fast cm there you
just go like this
watch this lightning speed right here
you guys three two one and you also
don't want to countdown and then go on
one because they're expected so close I
almost touched his little gear so we're
just now leaving the park and oh did you
want some water oh those sneaky little
kids that's really but there must be
something wedged in there right I bet
unless this is how they work nowadays I
mean I have it drinking out of one of
these in a long time so we just got a
package from Cara in New Zealand and
look what she sent us it's so cool using
this for my baby shower yeah we were
just talking about actually making one
of these and this is like an awesome
pattern it's got whales and like stripes
and what'd she call it bunting bunting
bunting we didn't know it was called
that so thank you so much and she also
sent us some goodies some hokey-pokey
chocolate and these which actually look
really interesting pineapple lumps
they're trucker covered pineapple pieces
and she got some eco baby soap goat's
milk and lavender goat's milk
interesting okay cool we're in the car
right now and Missy is setting up some
speed dials because I didn't know you
could actually save speed dials on there
that is awesome um but she was saying
like she started doing it we were
stopped at a stop sign and then we moved
and it wouldn't let her and then she's
like it won't let me and I was like wait
a minute is this car a girl or a boy and
if so what is the name and we don't know
is there a girl or a boy Missy I don't
know any I kind of think is rude so you
think it's a general she's like caddy
yeah she like yells at us alive we don't
have her seatbelt on holy crap let's let
you guys decide do you think our Prius
is a girl or a boy
and what do you think the car's name is
going to be leave a comment below say
girl or boy and then put a little gash
and then put the name of the car what
you guys think we should name the car
and then we'll just start referring to
our car as that
do you guys know they're selling
extra-large pop-tarts now look at these
that's insane
these pop-tarts are small and these ones
are yes babe look how big that is
okay this is my hand next to it that's
insane right you don't think so don't
think miss you look at how big the boxes
I'm how can you explain that
holy cow and you can get these huge
granola bars - whoa this is crazy Missy
everything's gonna even fruit but Missy
look at this huge rice krispies treat
tell me that's not a huge rice krispies
treat we got a huge bag of tortilla
chips bunch of avocados and the yummy
guacamole mix and we're gonna make
welcome all in with a live stream can
barely understand you
yeah I'm retarded I'm sorry bTW live
stream today at 11:00 a.m. one hour
after this video slide so go watch that
just go ahead and a big old one of those
clubs
what's an amended watermelon no really
that's hella the size of the baby but
this week we're gonna use a coconut
we're way bigger than that he kicks way
harder than this thing could ever kick
yeah we actually got a couple of these
other packages today first one is from
Siobhan and Moira and she actually makes
these her will link it below but it's
called Cozine it's for you
and she made this for Oliver and I
believe she's calling them all y'alls um
I believe I'm guessing after Ollie and
this is just so cute because of course
it's got these little anchor pins on
here are there like buttons and then
it's basically like an overall and it's
so cute probably perfect for like
pictures or something so thank you so
much Siobhan and thank you so much more
and then we also got this great pack
from Cory and Cory actually is the one
who did the Oliver painting up there she
painted all of those letters and
everything and so she's really special
to us and so she actually sent us this
onesie which is super cute and she sent
me this amazing letter thanking me for
the Mother's Day video and it was just
really special and really touched my
heart so thank you so much Cory and
Siobhan all right guys I'm going to go
ahead and end the vlog I hope you all
had a fantastic day don't forget that
the livestream is today at 11 a.m. an
hour after this vlog goes live so I hope
you guys are able to be there we're
going to be asking questions gonna have
a whole lot of fun thank you guys so
much for all the support on the draw my
life video it's seriously insane we love
you guys seriously every day is just
like crazy to us you didn't get it yeah
yeah yeah but uh I have no words we're
actually gonna run to the hot tub and
just soak for a little bit well I'm
gonna soak me she's gonna get pretty
feet and just relax and then hit the hay
cuz tomorrow is a busy day so I hope
we'll see you guys tomorrow and thank
you so much for watching have a great
day but she's doing her part of the draw
my life video carrying your bag hey
folks that is print out good
every time she dropped a person she
forgets nice
they don't need arms
animals
