oh he's gonna rub up against Kay oh yeah
biggest I've seen so far
okay look at how seeking to pee is
closer there you go
oh you're going to what thought I did
did you really I did
good morning bumpers we are headed off
to work again Brian's taking me which
has actually been a lot of fun like
having him take me to work but I'm only
going for a couple hours because we have
an appointment this afternoon so I'm
just going in to get a couple things
done and he's gotta go to work and then
he's gonna be picking me up last night I
woke up at like 4:00 a.m. with a massive
craving for the rest of my brownie Brian
actually remember yesterday he cut me
off a piece of that brownie and he put
it next to my bed and I ate a lot of it
yesterday but I left just a little piece
because I knew that I might want some
later and so in 4 a.m. in the morning I
woke up and I was like oh man I need
that brownie
I knew that brownie and a nice tall
glass of milk so I go out to the kitchen
and you wouldn't believe it
but it was not there and I literally
went through everything I went through
cupboards I went through the truck
I honestly went through the trash to see
if someone accidentally threw it away I
thought was my brother because my
brother cleaned the kitchen last night
and I was going to literally walk in his
room and like scream at him like I need
to do like knock down walls or something
I was so pissed so then I wake up this
morning I'm like telling my mom bought
out and you didn't so badly no it wasn't
there and then Brian's over there in the
corner like laughing and I realized it
was me okay I'm sorry he ain't my
brownie guys my brownie the rest of my
brownie he ate Anna oh my god cars
freaking out cuz Missy zukov her
seatbelt she gets mistrust yeah it's
like please put it on please put it on
her Sophie your seatbelt off you're
going to fall out have a good video sir
camera yeah Adi I'm my body look at that
dude well
bloggers are gone live yeah it will in
30 minutes but if that vlog gets a
thousand lake likes by the end of
Thursday then we're going to be Holland
asked to put our draw my life video up
so I cross my heart and I hope to die
well that trucks really close me by
Friday
so that should be really fun to look
look at all day today too so we'll
probably set some of that in 10 I said
it a million tests but I only stay with
you one more now but that would be so
cool if you guys did that because I
honestly I don't know when we'd get the
time to do it if you guys didn't like
force us to do it early you know what I
mean Billy's here
hi baby what you doing were you sleeping
was she sleeping
you really loving that bottle huh hi oh
you want to give me a hug hi holy moly
you guys I just got home and I just
checked the video um it went up about an
hour ago and we were at 350 you see that
move see it it's moving 357 likes that's
crazy I'm pretty sure that we're gonna
have to go to the store on the way back
from doctor's appointment because we do
not drop my life too and things are
gonna get really hectic too much is
going on too much is going on I just
want to lay here a nap all day can you
make the bed please Kerma make the bed
make the bed karma make the bed he
seriously is so good he just lays here
when I'm telling him to do that you have
a chore do it how close can I get to you
this is a really wide lines it's not
even touching him just got off work
early and we're headed to my up a
manwich I'm really excited to also
really nervous for because I'm going up
my first man with my doctor and I've
already seen some major but it's walks
with him and I'm a little bit nervous
how students reactions to a lot of
things and I just have a lot to talk to
me about ah
pull yourself come on you can do it you
can do it you can yeah but this lay up
here and Paul Brian yawn yawn really
baby I cuz she just said my name Briah a
yawn say it again Brian yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah she knows that
she has something that I want say yeah
today's appointment it went really well
I went over all my birth plan stuff and
he was super supportive um and obviously
he had some weird things to say cuz he
does he's definitely not up to my
standards but for the most part I feel
like it's gonna be fine
and I'm sure he's possibly just like
he's picking and choosing his battles
he's not gonna fight with me right now I
think he really thinks that obviously
I'm gonna get an epidural and all that I
really have to deal with him a lot it's
the nurses who I got to deal with
because he's gonna be not there until
the very last minute baby's here
hey she's in a really good mood today
she's just been laughing we put on that
part with karma from yesterday's vlog
and she was just laughing laughing at
him she thought I'd look he was
hilarious
so she's been hanging out yeah yeah yeah
yeah we clear beer hey Kleber came to
hang out with us oh Claire bear what do
you look she look at the light
he's we just turned on the line she's
like like oh you know what she probably
lifted her hands at the same time you
turned it on and so now she's trying to
control it every once in a while Claire
bear will come out of the cave
and we'll rub all against you and make
you pet him we actually are we just
finished our draw my life script and we
talked about Claire bear in it do you
remember that Claire bear do you
remember when we got you do you remember
when we got you
I checked on the number of likes on
yesterday's vlog what's it up 920 we
seriously should have said like mm nah
no we have a lot of work to do okay it
is three o'clock no it's actually four
o'clock basically and we haven't done it
yeah hey hey what are you doing
oh he's gonna rub up against Kay okay
Hey oh yeah stop believin bye bye baby
bye oh she's out of here yep she's gone
she's running into the street and
everything just kidding it's a hot
that's hot in here
and turn on the air all the air zone
yeah I hope the Home Depot right now um
we're gonna be purchasing the board to
use for the draw my life because
apparently every wants to see it really
badly we just reached over a thousand
likes
so we are gonna pick it out we're
getting a lot of questions asking why
we're not going to do the chalkboard it
is kind of our thing we're looking for
it right now but the chalkboard is
actually really hard to do I've got my
life on you have to be so careful
because you can like see mess ups really
easily so yeah that's probably a home to
the Pandavas yeah so this is actually a
lot easier to do a draw my life on it
nice and big that we don't get colorful
yeah I mean yeah exactly it's hard to do
chalk is chalk and it's hard to draw
sometimes with Chuck take more care
we're helping each other out
okay the first time we put down the
seats you guys in our new car we just
there's so much there so much more room
for activities all right so we are all
set up here's the whiteboard
and this is gonna be fun it's gonna be I
am like the worst start ever I was just
trying to practice and I'm like totally
self-conscious about it I'm like I draw
really really really bad like I was
trying to draw stick thing I was trying
to draw a unicorn or a spork horse and
pretty much tore it up I don't know how
this is gonna go but we'll see I'm
really super nervous she's doing her
part of the draw my life video this is
very nerve-wracking guys I really hope
that it turns out good I also need to
learn how to draw people who draw things
every time she drops a person sugar
Gastein arms they don't need arms okay
and then we need people animals
sure so Missy and I just finished doing
both of our individual parts and now
we're getting to the part where we
actually meet each other but we made the
board extremely turkey fat an hour just
doing that so now we have meeting and
then everything that happened after that
I gotta say that I thought my drawing
skills were a little better but they
pretty much sucked too so better than
really I was no they were way but my
pages in we have like seven pages bTW
the script it and I was saying yeah I
don't think it's gonna be any more than
15 minutes so we're making dinner and we
needed a break yeah it's like 9:30 we
having dinner we're starving so you know
what that means hot dogs
macaroni and cheese and a little bit
chicken Pacific yeah we're pretty much
starving so when I'm making this all for
dinner we make chicken in advance we can
make yummy fresh chicken salad
sandwiches I can't wait tomorrow at
lunch agreement so the my doctor
actually told me today that I need to be
eating potato chips like every day I
don't even really like potato chips but
all right check out my fancy redneck
dinner I got macaroni and cheese and I
cut up hotdogs in it but then I had to
make it fancy so I sprinkled some chili
powder and black pepper on it
so how just make everything fancy I just
love chili powder on everything so it's
so yummy so break is now over and we are
back to filming getting the DML done or
draw my relationship what is it is it
draw my life draw our life draw our
relationship draw our life and
relationship I don't know yeah it's
really confusing oh okay wake up wake up
wake up okay put your hand in the middle
so I know it's focused perfect still
working on the draw my life we're like
another hour and it's almost 11 o'clock
it's been a really long time yeah if you
can't tell we have tired eyes
yeah we're just like so tired and we're
actually recording right now so I need
to get back to work
so we're taking a quick break and I just
remembered that we bought Reese's peanut
butter cups at the store so definitely
gonna have a little snack midnight snack
almost it's almost midnight well not
really still about leviton but this
should be this should maybe give us a
little bit more power to finish up for
this tonight I have been looking at
these in the cupboard for days and this
is these are the brownies I'm not
allowed to put anything from them
I guess I'll make them normal so I'm
gonna make these Missi are you eating
your Reese's Cups yeah but they're
actually like super melted our room is
like boiling hot I need an egg
oh crap we have eggs I think we're out
of 8 that sucks I really wanted oh my
God look at this we have one random egg
on the shelf what it's like it was meant
to be I know that is really great yeah
oh that makes me happy that means that I
was meant to make these you guys I was
meant to make these Ghirardelli
double chocolate brownie chocolate chips
and the mixed brownies brownies smell of
smoke Holly smelt hey Missy do you wanna
lick the spatula oh she can't
mmm
so good are you sure are you sure make
sure you don't want any my same ah so
good I am not the one who got knocked up
I want to let you guys know about a
small youtuber that I actually watched
it's Jamie and kuru doh and I'll put a
link in the description below they're
married and they do weekly vlogs so it's
a vlog every week and I never was really
a fan of weekly vlogs but I have to say
that the way Jamie puts them together
she's getting a lot better at it and the
vlogs are really interesting so you guys
should definitely go check out her
channel she's got like 52 subscribers
check out some of their videos tell them
that I sent you because they're super
cute then they're their channel is
called keeping up with the camara Kawa
Mura come you Russ
they're just like interesting you know
it's cool when you you can find a
youtuber who's not like huge you know
and they actually are like real people
it is midnight and we just finished um
just finished recording maybe we'll put
that in Nashville thing but we are so
exhausted like my eyes are bloodshot
Macy's eyes are bloodshot get off Stara
oh please faster at me no she
you pulled a Brian oh yeah you always
got to leave one thing in the sink
filled with soapy water seriously when
you're done you just like I'm not gonna
watch the last one just put water it's
got a soak always got a soak you guys
brownies just came out of the oven
I'm Way too exhausted to even eat them
look at the time you guys look at the
time the draw my life will be up um
today when you're watching this probably
not right at 10 a.m. it'll probably be
in the afternoon between 12:00 and 4:00
p.m. our time so check for it it will be
up today though and we'll share it on
Facebook if you guys don't follow our
Facebook pages you can do that
in the description and follow me on
Twitter and okay it's the weekend powder
lack it's the weekend give me here it's
the weekend party dance that it's a
weekend party dance it's a weekend is a
weekend what what is a weekend
do you guys know okay hey god I'm about
to add the vlog but I have a funny thing
what did I do in that one vlog I was
like um oh the good morning song good
good good morning good good good morning
what good good good morning
good good good morning what I seriously
I watched that once all the way through
when I was done and it was stuck in my
head all day so now I guess it's good
good good night
good good good night what he's about to
fall over you okay
All Right see you later bye
