who is it let me out
don't want any Girl Scout cookies feels
good in there yeah it doesn't get over
here
it's like way hot in there biggis I've
seen it so far
okay look at how be p2p is you have your
poster there you go
oh we were going to me what you what I
did is you really I did
good morning bumpers this morning I am
taking Missy to work and so she wanted
me to pack her a little lunch because
she's still getting ready and so last
night we had spaghetti and she wants
spaghetti for lunch today so put her
some spaghetti put some sourdough bread
in here like mousse okay sounds good
Hong Karma
good morning I just noticed that next my
best Anna is like a huge brownie yeah
did you bet you saved that yeah cuz uh
we made brownies last night and they go
pretty fast that's pretty much what
happened
and so Missy I heard Missy and she was
saying how she wants eat some brownies
too and she never got a chance so I cut
her off a little square and I put it in
a bag but you can take that to work - if
you guys are notice uh noticing the
gaping hole in our kitchen it's cuz we
have a new dishwasher headed our way I'm
going through all our stuff from the
cars that we traded in yesterday at the
dealership and I can't find Phil my
little finger puppets on me that I've
had like forever since like the first
car I owned and I'm like totally sad I'm
like digging through this stuff so bad
for Phil what's he gonna do without me
I should call I should call him sit down
I bet these are now a one-car family so
and for the rest of the month while I'm
still working we kind of have to work
our schedule so that Brian can take me
to work or I can go to work and then he
can go later so it's going to be a
little bit crazy right now but we got
our new car and that
and things got a little bit crazy
yesterday we even had to have my dad
like come down and like help us go over
that contract because they had tried to
pull so many tricks on us that we were
like me fresh eyes to like look over the
contract and everything we are headed to
breakfast it recently sold like our
favorite bagel place and so we're going
to try out the new one which is the same
place but I'm thinking things might be a
little different so it looks like the
bagel place now serves Australian meat
pies I don't know about that place isn't
that much different but John was on
scene yesterday they had flavored cream
cheeses and they do they have like a ton
of different flavor Chipotle even so
yeah not much has changed from our bagel
place but everything's sort of like
australian-themed now like instead they
used to give you cities and now they
give you like cities in Australia so
this is Alice Springs so comment if
you're from Alice Springs got actually
been really crazy huh and they served
meat pies you want to meat pie babe
should we get you a map I take this bomb
bagel sammich I got with ham and it's on
tomato basil but Missy always gets plain
bagel with cream cheese for my lunch at
home the lunch I mean for you my own
just a picture of it oh my gosh we're
just sitting over here admiring that
really cool colored car over there do
you guys see it it's so pretty huh it's
like the coolest color in the world
night have you a good day at work
just drop missing off at work and I'm
headed to just a meeting I have gonna
get some stuff done you know gotta make
that bacon gotta make that bacon guys oh
my god biggest I'm so good right now
boom fifty two point four miles per
gallon that's awesome this is like a
game now whenever Missy and I are
driving we turn off the card it tells us
how many miles per gallon we have who
can get the highest number fifty two
point four that's pretty dang good Missy
showed 61 point eight
we're going downhill a lot I'm pretty
sure that's why it did that
cuz other than that you guys didn't know
miss he's actually like a huge cheater
when it comes to games so I'm sure she
found a way to cheat my work computer
still it is is an end but they said it's
gonna be here next week so I think on
twos
I'm actually gonna be in the office next
I've just been doing all my office hours
at home I have karma to keep me company
homeboy
huh oh okay yeah paw on the crotch look
at this he knows this word you guys
lights he knows where the lights at I'm
on the phone I'm at home with Apple got
karma in the back of the Prius homeboy
and we actually bought a blanket
yesterday just for the back so when he
lays down he doesn't get hair everywhere
getting ready to go see mommy you
excited you excited boy he's focused on
something out there what is it
all right let's go come on look where
we're at go Karma wait don't run over
there cameras watching Missy she's
showing the car to her boss camera she's
guys she's gonna come I promise she's
gonna come back crying he picks me up
luckily he wasn't too late I thought it
couldn't be
made it karma which was so much fun
getting a theme at the office
like I always want to bring him so badly
and always tell my co-workers like he
would be such a good pet
have a warm day something I want to go
home first and 88 outside I know because
my car's telling me right there
it changed I just I thought that's such
a waste of time to like go all the way
home just to change but I am barefoot
because I I think that when your feeder
rods and like you feel really hot and I
was wearing socks and shoes so I took
those off I'm barefoot I'm really loving
this no Brian we're stopped at the top
of the hill because I think my C's days
of going all the way down and come back
up pretty much over right I don't want
to do that like necessary and Carmen can
play here just as much as you can play
down
so we're just not leaving the park what
did you guys think of my little clip
thing that I did there with the vlog I
decided to shake it up a little do
something a little different maybe
something a little more interesting let
me know in the comments what you guys
thought but comment had so much fun
he keeps keep laying down in the shade
ha boy he really is liking the shade
right now you're gonna take him home
getting some water and get this pregnant
lady a couch
hey pregnant chick you wanna come home
with me yeah that's how you pick up
pregnant chicks we just cut home and
Cara was super hot so he jumped in the
pool so cute so I filled this up on
Saturday um so I could go swimming and
it has so much little things in it and I
didn't buy like a little bit like a
little whatever to get all that get all
the little junk out of it so can't
really go tsamina right now which kind
of sad but karma can and he loves there
now he's close watches Parma is playing
with his ball and it got stuck under the
water now he's really trying to figure
out how to get it oh oh but really he's
trying to get his head under there but
you just can't get the nerve to do it
it's really far good boy
get it you have to put your hand in
there it keeps really dry every time I
stick his face and I like bad idea Missy
and I are sitting here don't even
bringing it back up with her mom and
we're looking up or we're talking about
her baby shower basically putting
together all her like decorations and
stuff and her mom found this cake on
Google Image Search and to me it just
seems kind of weird but what do you guys
think this case so it looks like a belly
like a pregnant belly woman and it's got
the ultrasound picture I don't know I
just think that's kind of weird
I'd feel awkward cutting into that area
and you know what I mean like it just
seems weird to me I don't know what do
you guys think do you think that's weird
so we got this awesome sign it says
seaside and it's got like shells and
starfish and it looks so cool and
vintagey and I'm just going to set it
right here for now but um Danielle
Klarich in Florida actually sent us that
so thank you Danielle she also sent us
like a huge package and it had like two
really cool stuffed animals and there
was a frame like a like a picture frame
but the glass completely shattered and
it got all over the stuffed animals and
it was kind of in like mixed Missy
pulled up the monkey one and then a
piece of glass got cut in her finger so
we're I don't know what we're gonna be
able to do with those but we probably
can't do them with anything so I'm sorry
that happened Danielle but thank you so
much because I love the sign we were
able to pull that out and we brushed it
off real fast so it doesn't have glass
on it oh we also got this cool little
bird from oh snap it's AJ on YouTube and
they actually made us like three little
things but I thought the vert was
perfect and it looks like it completely
matches the octopus so now the little
octopus has a little friend a little
Twitter bird karma was afraid of the
vacuum and so he jumped right into
Jimmy's arms karma it's okay boy it's
just a vacuum
he does seem pretty at ease I don't know
if you guys know but behind in our room
behind this little door right here is
actually a huge storage room it's the
entire length of our room so the storage
room often gets completely disgustingly
cluttered because we just have a lot of
stuff yes there's a car seat back there
a stuffed animal huge stuffed animal and
a bunch of boxes lots of baby boxes and
stuff like that you're gonna lock me in
here yeah
and so I everyone is all I have great
okay everyone's all I have to like
reorganize it and stuff and now I've
kind of you're gonna do at least I can
walk in are you done what so anyways so
I had to be organize it and hopefully
this will last a couple days it doesn't
last very long usually let me out who is
it
let me out don't want any Girl Scout
cookies
filss get in there yeah how's a kid over
here it's like way hot in there hey it's
Pizza time peace has already been broken
into that's high I'll take it and you
know what makes okay I can't even grab
it what makes pizza even better buffalo
buffalo sauce you know we had someone on
actually on our YouTube from Texas say
they don't know where what buffalo sauce
is I was like why don't they have like
wings in Texas isn't it like a big thing
um I love upso sauce it's not like salsa
it's not like a hot like Mexican sauce
it's like a hot American sauce I don't
know it's really good about Missy they
found Phil you better okay I was I think
I mentioned this this morning I was all
worried about Phil my zombie the finger
puppet from my car and so I actually the
cells man he gave me his number and so I
texted I was like hey this is really
weird but I think I left my zombie in
the car and he's like yeah we got it and
I was like yes he left it at reception
I know I'm gonna go get it right now no
I'm not that we're heard anyways um we
got a couple other packages and first of
all I'm looking at myself in that mirror
and I'm like wow what the heck is wrong
with my belly he's like all bulged out
on one side anyways we got a package and
I'm putting away some clothes actually
and like Samantha went like crazy she
got us so much clothes like look at
these adorable overalls and then she's
got us like tons of clothes tons of
blankets and then we also received a
beanie from Miranda and it's just so
cute because he might not get a chance
to wear it but it's monkey so of course
it's adorable so thank you guys so much
for all this oh you want to tuck away
you want if we took away I'm totally
putting on a show this is not hard at
all you're so tough karma oh you're so
Thomas this is like so easy her cover
you're the top dog in the world you got
it you gotta say things like that to
boost his you know gotta make him feel
good about himself you know what I mean
boost his confidence karma needs a
confidence for this yes good yeah scene
I've been spending like the last two
hours on our draw my life video and we
haven't started drawing but we're pretty
much done writing and I got a okay she's
for you see that ah no I did not holy
crab you would have flipped so this draw
my life is seriously gonna be so much
fun
you guys you have no idea what you're in
for like we were doing this and you're
like holy crap this is like a huge
roller coaster ride and it's so it's
gonna be so much fun to watch and we
really want to get it up but we have a
proposition for you guys if you can get
this vlog to a thousand likes buy win by
the end of Thursday yeah by the end of
Thursday will release the draw my life
on Friday that's like in two days and
seriously if you guys did that we'd have
to work so hard to get it
like we have to buy the whiteboard do
all the drawings record all the
narration and it would be insane so if
you guys do that if you can get this
vlog to over a thousand likes by
clicking that like button below then
we'll get on it and we'll get that draw
my life up for you guys on Friday and
I'm telling you it's gonna be it's gonna
blow your mind I'm not it's going to
blow your mind
so get ready but that's it for today's
vlog we had a busy day and I'm sure
tomorrow's gonna be another one but
thank you guys so much for watching and
we will see you tomorrow
Oliver is gonna say goodbye to you guys
also bye guys I will see you very soon
on gilma cartoon boys alright this is
that you guys actually take a bye say
bye caliber and hello Prius guess what
we're in well I guess it's sometimes big
events and you know I've been talking
about this all day long we just hang out
our cars I think you can determine that
we're probably in art you do Oh son look
at all this fancy it's really fancy you
guys yeah oh wait wait
never mind okay to drive
