previously on daily bumps it's really
hard right now you feel it yeah
anything happens where am I gonna go
very uncomfortable you see here in labor
or if there's possibility that you're
gonna have a baby I just really hope
that everything is okay it's gonna be
okay okay he does not have room he's not
gonna be in there much longer
well it's burning if it were to keep
going and I would probably have to reach
other servants
I was feeling some weird things this
morning obviously I plan to talk to my
midwife about this but we are now headed
to the hospital I'm feeling you know the
tightening of my uterus
there's gonna monitor the baby and do an
ultrasound and check up on things
another day another hospital bed that
they did a lot of tests everything is
looking really good
I am contracting seems that my cervix
aren't changing too much this could be
just what I do now is just contract a
lot 2.2 which is shorter but they said
it's like not sure then they just
checked like two hours ago
yeah that means that my contractions
that I'm having are not seeming to make
my cervix change Sirach that IV but
we're doing IV now just to help maybe
the fluid will let stopped contraction
is it contractions have spaced out the
two hours we'll check the cervix again
to see if there's been any change but
it's still not for a while and we're
still far away from home
big offense you know so far okay look at
how stinky QP is there you go oh you're
going to me what you want I did did you
really I did look at Cassie trying to
get comfortable with two chicks I keep
telling her it's not gonna happen it'll
happen
no I just need the lights off yeah we
are still here
it's like past midnight now so
officially this is the next day I can
start the vlog now right yeah so we're
still here we're still uncomfortable
we're still waiting on tests to do for
Missy so hi fella okay protections look
how good she looks know what I guess
would like to know if anything's changed
look pretty sure they're torturing us
right yeah like on purpose
look at this look at this we're gonna
give you a hospital room tour right now
there's where you walk in there's the
bed bathroom where you walk in did you
guys get that bathroom bed where you
walk in it's not very exciting but we're
bonding you guys we're all bonding right
now we're free Missy get to go home now
like at what time is it almost 2:00
long night huh they all have a back end
but the older oh okay they come with a
nice rocking chair that's cool
touring the labor and delivery rooms oh
wait wait for me okay guys so as you can
tell we are home and have slept
basically after we waited the two hours
and everything they check my cervix and
there was no cervical change so that
basically told them that I have a
irritable uterus I'm gonna have
contractions be regularly probably for
the rest of the pregnancy but there's no
cervical chat Oliver should come anytime
soon so I feel really good about that
next time I go back there you probably
heard about that one I have contractions
for the entire rest of the brain I know
it sucks I want him to stay in there as
long as possible and so I'm happy that
at least there's no cervical change and
I can handle the pain it is not fun
basically having contractions every few
minutes but you know there are times
when it's less and there's times when it
picks up and I definitely had a bad
night last night especially because I
sleep through it but if I were awake I
would adjust myself I'm so happy that
we're home Oh
time to play ball with you want to play
ball with you can't tell we're wearing
red because it's fourth of July so happy
Independence Day I'm just going to do my
regular life if you can't tell was
sitting in a hospital bed for eight
hours and I didn't I had contractions
every two to three minutes they didn't
slow down so I don't think it really
matters whether I'm standing or sitting
been sitting here for like an hour just
trying to relax and I've been staring at
this look at this oh my gosh I'm like so
craving whatever this is the second I
see that's a chocolate souffle babe
I don't think you'd like a souffle no
but I can just imagine those chocolate
cake so I'm thinking I really
need some chocolate like right now kind
of a highboy karma chameleon he missed
us you guys huh you missus and you were
so worried huh dogs are allowed do you
guys see he just winked he's like yeah
you can do you wanna go to the park he
weekd again you're the incredible we
kick dog huh Missy just finished Dan oh
yeah I take that in the butt oh it took
her a while to get through you guys
remember that huge package though we got
from Charlie banana that we've been
teasing you with well Missy just filmed
her giveaway video for her channel so go
check it out and enter to win because
basically there's going to be two
different prizes for two different
people and a ton of stuff that Charlie
banana has given us to give away to all
of you guys so that's really awesome I
am so excited for this giveaway like
it's just I feel so grateful that I can
actually provide someone with a huge
stash like a great way to like actually
cloth diaper is just super exciting so
Missy was just telling me she was
reading through the comments and you
guys totally told us who was eliminated
from Big Brother why'd you do that
Missy knows but I do not know and I'm
not going to read any more comments
today until we watch it so now we need
to watch it yeah I don't wanna know
anything I don't look at you because
you're just gonna give her away
excited because we're heading over to my
aunt's house for four
this is like been a tradition since I
was like a kid and so I always do like
one thing I was going to be super
excited about during this pregnancy was
4th of July and we actually usually
walked down to the park so I was like
I'm walking no matter what of course I'm
not going to walk this year it was at
least going to turn and walk there and I
was gonna have someone come pick me up
but I don't really feel comfortable
walking all the way there when I seem to
be having some weird contractions and
stuff like that but I'm still really
excited because we're going down
having 4th of July and I'm just excited
that I'm not in the hospital and that
you still inside me and it's fourth of
July and I get to celebrate it it's just
like old times so I'm really really
excited
go faster Lightning CJ is pretending to
be lightning
we are you Lightning McQueen from cars
Oh
keep running lightning doesn't stop
mm-hmm keep running keep running aah
crash hi Bailey hi barely boo are you
lightning - apparently huh she really
want to see me look at she's running
after me Hey
hey Bailey I like your pants
you're very festive that takes skills
hmm
you almost missed that last one good job
mainly run after your brother that's
room go on go go go go go go go curvy
come here baby
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you
furniture Oh in Manila it I look
at her giving you cuddles okay and then
she's gonna see we don't need any toys
just buy a bottle so we're checking out
my uncle's little garden and I totally
wanted my own garden now it's so cute
and look at they have blackberries I
wonder if this one's good try it
fresh blackberry right off the vine
really I've missed those Idaho has the
best blackberries right off the side of
the road and look guys this is where
blueberries come from I had no idea
blueberries grew on so I won this one
are you sure I can eat this and I won't
die it's a blueberry
wait this is Jubilee now I am definitely
wait what's there between Jubilee and a
blackberry mm-hmm
Cayenne they're not good next hour oh
it's not good okay so Bailey's playing
with this little Minnie Mouse and so my
dad's gonna do a magic trick and see
what you think oh here take garbage and
you put it into this hand here mrs. Anna
hunt to find some ice cream and it's
pretty crazy
no one's gonna run to the pregnant chick
mess
picha are you hungry
Missy's all of a sudden hungry because
all this food is around us so many
people here Missy thank you
look at these huge amounts of corn on
the cobs we got slathered in butter and
salt how you do it you want to try it
big bite of mine it's so hot you see
it's steaming
yeah it's what it's all about right how
many people here everywhere it's America
pound of bacon look at this huge thing
of bacon on a stick
it's a 1/3 pound of bacon on a stick
that's how we do it in America got tons
of people
this is the life right here look at
shaved ice corn on the cob happy
pregnant life we're not eating this fast
enough right here actually like not much
that I like I do this
I think I can safely say that the tank
top was a bad choice
shake it shake it shake it shake it like
a Polaroid picture they're gonna shut
all the lights off and CJ's about to
fall asleep right before the fireworks
me out oh yeah I saw the coral in Cabo
my teeth I can't believe he's good we're
going to be one minute across all these
lights are gonna go out the same exact
time
hey ready okay see you guys it's gonna
get really dark it is very very dark
thumbs up for fireworks you guys kinds
of firework thumbs up
like pointing on them it is getting
crazy over here
Bayley you did show good you watched the
whole thing huh it's like yeah I'm a big
girl
so did you CJ you didn't fall asleep did
you like a CD what did they do
wait that's yours you keep it
this is Missy's family come on buddy
do you know how earlier I was talking
about how I really wanted that chocolate
cake oh we're getting one from
jack-in-the-box they are so good here I
usually just heat them up the glass and
they'll biphasic see thank you for
choosing jack-in-the-box okay would you
like to enjoy coffee no thank you
my pregnant wife really needs a
chocolate overload cake that's it I'm
your decree yes one two three thank you
they're gonna make it super sweet for
you cuz you're pregnant you are getting
ready for bed now and look at we still
have not unpacked from when we were in
the hospital it's been a crazy like past
week hasn't it I actually forgot to tell
you guys when they were checking Missy's
cervix I was watching the ultrasound and
I saw Oliver's hair that's right you
guys he has hair on the top of his head
like it was the most craziest thing ever
but it's like it's just so cool so if
you guys thought that he was gonna have
hair and you guessed correctly then
thumbs up cuz that's pretty amazing
still hopefully are have six more weeks
until he's here but right now we're
getting ready for bed and Missy's happy
she ate her cake so she's full of sugar
gotten like a ton of new subscribers the
past couple days so if you are new go
check out some of our older vlogs and
actually I very much recommend you
watching our draw my life so if you just
subscribe to this video like within the
last week and you haven't seen our draw
our life I'll leave it in the
description below actually for this
video because it explains so much about
Missy and I
and you know how we met the struggles
that we've been through as a couple and
individually and it's pretty much just
like an amazing video so I'll leave that
below I'll swear you guys are making the
bed again to just to jump inside of it
that's how we do you know anyway I hope
you guys had an amazing 4th of July and
as those a blip that's what happens when
it's late honkers like can you please in
the blog just end it alright guys I hope
you guys have a great night thank you
for watching bye mmm grandma's trying to
make out with me I'm in the most
annoying chair taxi doctor chair and I'm
sitting here thank you I'm watching
Missy today were you okay
sure Thank You traction right now thumbs
up for me - you guys look at her she's
like powering through this anyway I'm in
the most loud chair in the world let me
demonstrate
