here's the new trick Cassie's teaching
karma big effects you know so far okay
look at how be p2p is you're closer
there you go
oh we were going to me what what I did
did you really I did good morning guys
and happy Monday I hope you guys are
having a fantastic day it is gonna be a
scorcher it is looking beautiful outside
if my camera would focus there you go
look at that mmm beautiful and I just
been a lazy Sunday for us we're watching
um what's this called Jack and Jack the
giant Jack the giant slayer Jack the
giant-killer
something like that I don't know uh it
just came out
but we've been watching that all morning
and flouncing around on the bed of the
busy day and the land household dub is
dead linen has gone buh some days just
do this to me I get like so lazy and
actually it's Brian I feel like I would
go but I'm like okay I'm gonna do all
this stuff and then Brian just wants to
lay in bed and then he convinces me
because then I lay in bed and I'm like
oh yeah this is really nice I should not
get up all today I'm going to be doing
some laundry and cleaning I've got a
whole list of Sunday to do so that's
always fun so last night I was having
this really sharp sharp pain like right
in the middle of my chest it's actually
it's kind of still happening but um
anytime I like stretched wide or I took
a deep breath I'd feel this super sharp
pain like right in the middle of my
chest she was telling me that her sister
actually was having the same thing it
was almost like a muscle right between
your rib cage in your chest and it's
like basically like a sore muscle hoping
that it kind of goes away I'm gonna take
some Advil cuz it hurt a lot like I felt
like I couldn't take a deep breath and
then I was like short of breath cuz I
was taking little breaths and then like
it was I was like freaking out and I was
like oh my god is this my heart you know
my my grandma had a a heart issue and
we're not sure if you know that's the
reason that she had passed away she
dealt with it for a huge chunk of her
life and so I'm always kind of like very
worried about my heart and like what's
my heart doing is it okay stuff like
that I mean I'm not to have a kid so I
can't be having heart
anytime soon Missy's getting ready for
the day and during your hair so I guess
I will get dressed if you stop walking
around in my sweater and watching
YouTube I've just been watching YouTube
like all morning yeah we're gonna do a
picture for my article that I'm gonna be
releasing I'm still standing so I gotta
look somewhat nice more pants I don't
want nice nice I want to like look like
myself we know do you mean oh my gosh so
bad you're such a DQ what what I did it
back off
oh wait I'm confused what did I just do
you like touched it
oh and that it's like message yeah dude
no you stop
forget about girly good you're like what
Greg I'm trying to finish up this boat
which has honestly been like the death
of me I'm one I'm not very like good
with projects like these like painting
and stuff this is probably definitely
more of a project for Brian but I
thought I'd take a crack at it I just
didn't realize bad at painting so I have
to put basically tape all over it into
these little tiny crevices which is kind
of difficult if this time doesn't turn
out I'm seriously done and Brian can you
do it or I'm throw it away you need a
second coat but I think that might have
worked what do you think she looks good
you think you should have just done in
the first place
look at this cuteness ah we had to do
that I had to like very sneakily
grab my camera and try and vlog so I
knew as soon as I started talking he
would just jump around and get all
excited he's like he's like a little kid
you know if you pull out a camera for in
front of a little kid they start getting
all crazy that seriously how he is as
soon as he hears the BiPAP paint Bryan
paint is definitely a lazy Sunday I just
took a really good lob in the middle of
the day
Oh feel good how much is gonna make me
do things I don't want to do anything is
Leslie you know those days where you
just you don't want to do anything you
just want to sleep and what is this it
just like curlicue thing going on that's
my cue to miss he's yelling it for me
there's a Claire bear up here just
hanging out look how cute you look
Claire beer you can stay you don't have
to get up I'm sure he's the one who
hunts the lizards and brings them in
honk Claire look what Missy put up you
guys it is finished the boat is on the
wall and it is not coming down and we
are not doing anything else to it done
but it looks really good up there and
got the anchor in the boat yeah it
actually matches more than I thought it
was going to yeah I didn't tell that
this one's glossy er and that one's more
faded yeah so we really need a picture
for my still standing article and we
were gonna do one out front but the
house is just not looking very good
right now that that plants like falling
apart it's not going to work so when I
grab my camera and I think we're just
gonna ride down to the park real fast
and snap a quick shot because I think
it's gonna accompany the article really
really well right now and we're trying
to take a picture and nothing is working
alright
artistic feelings are just telling him
that this is all wrong okay yeah stupid
tree me my mom find it everything just
looks perfect
probably you've lost too much weight
look it this is dead one now it looks
perfect okay this is no work there look
good she what do you think a fatty
you do not look like a fatty no one mind
you stupid I think it looks good
what are you guys saying you think it
looks good I think it looks good I think
you look good babe all right we'll see
the cut again do you want to take
another one let me take some pictures of
just you come on you look amazing
yeah I don't feel good while we were
gone Missy's dad obviously had a little
too much time on his hand and he
stripped out the innards of a hose and
filled it with water and then attach a
pen to it so that you can spray people
I think use your care Oh what is that
Missy what are you doing
that car was ping no Missy is peeing on
you now okay okay okay yeah we really
need to go pro for situations like that
he has the hose and I just scored on
with my little pen thing I've owned a
camera Cassie get out do Clips get in
front of me Oh Jim squirt okay I'm gonna
watch getting wet I'm getting wet you
guys you guys it's a great invention Jim
it's where this happens to be way too
often I lost my phone again ah right
here I guess I was doing my makeup just
saw this on the counter it's a brownie
mix and it's got a little note on it no
beans
apparently the beans are not a hit right
Jim no one likes me you know it's
actually amazing because I made the bean
brownies and then in the morning they
were all still there and that never
happens with real brownies I hit the
jackpot you guys I'm just not leaving
all garden because we picked up some
nokey soup to go and look at all the
chocolates I gave us they're all gonna
go right there there's money in here
don't you love when you find money in
random places
chicken milky soup it smells so good
it's smelling up the entire car here's
the new trick Cassie's teaching karma
Oh see she's the reason he's so hyper
oh yeah hey he actually had um we got a
letter from a subscriber and she had
signed it
what did she sign it love and chicken
gnocchi soup and I thought how cool
would it be to do a shirt that says
peace love and chicken okey soup for us
because Missy's obsessed with chicken
obviously I'm pretty sure that she would
wear that shirt Chuck no go so Missy I
was telling him about the shirt idea
that says peace love and chicken gnocchi
soup would you totally wear that cuddle
time see he can be calm he doesn't know
right now that was filming he's starting
to figure it out though so like home
right now he's like if you want to rub
my belly you can rub my belly a long day
huh probably oh you're on camera cover
that up he's only wearing his uh macrame
Ron's up by the pool I took it off while
you're saying well can't take this off
mm-hmm I think it's all car
his eyes get all big bag open into the
park in a while on my go to the park and
play with your ball and the strolls and
stuff so we are just getting ready for
bed now she's actually working on her
draw my life script if you guys don't
know we have been planning this video
for a long time and we have a lot of it
written and we're going to be sharing
some stuff with you guys that we have in
it before and so it should be pretty
pretty interesting I love all the draw
my life videos every time I watch one so
I'm super excited that we actually get
the make on a lot a lot of people have
been requesting this like a ton it's
probably like our most commented on
thing now people telling us that we need
to do with draw my life we're working on
that and then I just have some editing
stuff to do and tomorrow's a big day
because it's the Apple Worldwide
Developer Conference and so I'm nerding
out and probably gonna be up all night
cuz I can't sleep cuz I'm like a little
kid like waiting for Christmas and I'm
just so excited I miss he's like staring
at me like in disbelief like you are
such a nerd I just want to say like I'm
totally loving all the comments I
haven't had time to go through and
respond to comments but I promise that I
will very soon go back through the vlogs
I love reading everyone's comment and
responding to you guys so I will be
doing that we love you
karma loves you he's sleeping he's out
like I've literally been talking like
super loud and he's he's knocked out
he's looking he's dreaming he's dreaming
what do you think what do you think
karmic dreams about
I know he's like really in a deep is he
okay babe pokum is he alive
ball okay shoot house good I was getting
worried there boy he's like uh I'm just
trying to sleep anyway thank you guys so
much for watching I've said that
probably four times now that's just what
happens when I say good night to you
guys anyway we will definitely really be
able to be seeing you that all the da
blah blah that's all folks we'll see you
guys tomorrow
got my cheese on some of those Oh Lord
Jesus it's a fire ain't nobody got time
for that
burgers are off the grill and now I'm
making myself I chocolat but nah ma
shumou dude I totally made my burger
upside yeah and I like I piled
everything on and then I put them and I
was like oh that's not a
