hey comfy karma karma sitting in between
the fans he's got one there and one
there
two fans he's like in this stream of air
because it's gonna be a scorcher today
big effects Tina so far
okay look at how speaking to pee is
closer there you go
oh we were going to me what I did is you
really I did it is 10:00 a.m. and it's
already a hundred degrees outside dogs
got to do what a dog's gotta do to stay
cool huh yeah boy ha very nice right
here Missy's got me on bed duty and
she's doing laundry duty she was just
saying what were you saying I need to do
my makeup that's what I'm saying
oh well she was saying that we should
decide what we want Oliver to be for
Halloween because he's going to be like
three months old by that time or
possibly older if he comes earlier is he
chocolate like older later is he
technically older if he comes earlier
how's that work it's really confusing
but I don't think if he came like just
couple weeks it would really matter but
like girls who have their baby like very
early like thirty weeks they have to
have like their age and then they had
their Justin age Oh because I never knew
about that it's weird kids they are
behind and they're not they're not like
up to like newborn standards or like
newborn growth and do like their duty oh
we were just thinking what should Oliver
be for Halloween when he was pregnant
and I thought that he should be Harry
Potter not like Harry Potter with a wand
and a cloak or whatever but just Harry
Potter in the little basket all wrapped
up with a little scar on his forehead
and a note that says to the Dursleys and
like make it look like he's about to be
dropped off to the Dursleys
not gonna be hey Potter what do you guys
think Oliver should be for its very
first Halloween leave it in the comments
below we have been getting ready guess
what
Cassie's birthday party today and she's
gonna have she's it her and her friends
are gonna go out and have a little party
and then they're come back here first
sleepover so that means we're gonna have
a house full of teenagers which should
be fun parm is getting super excited
because he's been told all more oh my
god haha that he's going to the park
he's just not sure if you should believe
it or not but he's pretty sure it's
happening oh yeah it's happening isn't
it it's happening isn't it dalek I don't
know I don't know Oh even need is
excited I know if you guys know but Nina
has been not feeling very well the past
couple days she's pretty old she's our
family dog she's probably about 12 years
old 13 years old and she now just all of
a sudden no longer can walk on this leg
it's so sad horny knees come here come
here
move karma it's not always about you
so here's Leo not about you either
community 'no come on okay so as you can
see she's getting really old and she
just isn't eating as much lately and
she's been curling up and so she's just
not feeling so well
but she we've had her since she was a
baby but see she doesn't use this leg
anymore it just like happened it was
like one day she started kind of limping
and we were like oh known so then the
next day she just stopped using it all
together but we felt around it doesn't
look like it's broken or she doesn't cry
or anything she just literally does not
use it we're pretty for duty sir
right Cara come here come here
karma is officially getting to go to the
park but I'm not gonna go I'm just not
really feeling very well and that walk
down that Hill always kills me so I'm
gonna go ahead and let them go to the
park I don't know when the doors it's so
hot outside I know like Wonderlic you
have to open that door and shut it as
fast as possible you're not allowed to
slip onto this if you could do that that
would be great
I'm dad I got a little overexcited and
we have him fastened safely in the car
and he jumped out karma that's suicide
you can't do that at this point there's
no reasoning with him you just have to
let him out and let him run down the
hill homeboy
I'm karma your sir excited okay who
probably shut the door
maybe check this out guys lost and found
got a pacifier my seen I don't need to
buy one now that's very convenient
Karma's got the whole park to himself
huh look at this little crotch thing he
does
that's his Shepard he's hurting he's
like get ready we have the entire Park
to ourself you guys look at this no one
is here except for that weird guy who's
that that's Jimmy but yeah there's like
no one here don't know why because it's
suicide to be out right now it does not
go there karma no Bleuler good order go
he just goes straight for the mud pan
you're walking home come on
we bought a huge bottle of water for
karma to drink at the park but we have
no way to give it to him and I thought
maybe we'd have a knife or something we
could like saw the top of it off and he
could drink out of it but you can't so
we're gonna have to get creative Jimmy's
looking for something
karma is hot he needs some water so
we're gonna try this little piece of
bark , look at water boy thank you kind
of working like this is like Survivorman
drinking off a Bart kind of thinking
drink up you die in the wild if it
wasn't for us huh so yesterday we
mentioned that we are doing a collab
video and a lot of people are doing a
lot of guesses and I gotta say I'm
actually doing a couple collabs which
I'm super excited about and you guys
have mentioned both of the people so I
can't wait to tell you guys actually
find out because it's going to be so
much fun so we're walking through the
woods E section of this park and look
what we found
there's like a big tree and
and I'm thinking it might have fallen
from that because when they cut it down
they oh yeah it fell look at it's like
totally torn apart it's crazy and that
is the only spot I see that it might
have come from tea up there that huge
break I know it is scary yeah that is
not safe look at that tree is like
directly over us and it's moving they
should really cut these down over here
yeah I can't believe the tree actually
like broke apart good boy
hot out you need drink just got back
from the park and now we're gonna go
shopping it's Cassie's birthday party
and so we're gonna do pizzas little
pizzas so everyone can make their own
I'm probably gonna have that and I'm
gonna have some s'mores cupcake and some
cinnamon rolls and some candy and some
chocolate and some sugar and some
chocolate isms igger and yum yum Claire
bear
are you sleeping on the big beanbag hi
he's like yes this is what I love waking
up to yes I don't know why it sounds
like a cartoon Dylan no no no young
young young she's not feeling too well
ouch are you having round ligament pain
either round ligament even having a lot
of those it's really hard right now you
feel it yeah but it's like that it's
like waiting in my back to it oh my god
seriously Missy
I know ever know like what the signs are
for contractions I get she tells me
these things I'm almost certain that
you're going into labor see the cool
thing about Winco is they give you
little pizza dough balls and sauce so
you can make your own pizzas so that's
what we're gonna be doing tonight and
it's really cheap yeah and I have to say
that Missy has been feeling more of
those things and they were five minutes
apart I don't know for sure
it's freaking me out whatever how well
it's freaking me out because if anything
happens where am I gonna go I don't know
your doctor's like done with you and you
haven't even had your first meeting with
your midwife so how about we just keep
him in there for two more days just left
the store and okay part of the problem
is I honestly don't feel confident in
myself in knowing when to determine
whether it's a contraction or not yes I
had pretty like a like a radiating back
pain that lasted for a while and my
stomach got hard so that might have been
a contraction but then it went away and
then I might have had one other but I
just I don't know for sure and I haven't
had any any more stomach tightening
after the two but my back will come in
and out of some pain so I don't know if
I'm just having like that pain because I
mean my back hurts I'm really pregnant
and he's pulling that all kinds of sides
you know I'm just gonna keep an eye on
it I'm obviously gonna drink too much
water and lay down and try and take it
easy for the rest of the night but I
don't think that I'm in labor anything I
might have had a contraction or two but
you know I don't think that saying can
you worry about at least not right now
so we'll keep an eye on things but I
think we're okay we got all the
ingredients all out we got sauce
pepperoni ham chicken bacon cilantro
green peppers cheese and now I am
quartering up the dough so we can have
all our own little crusts to do it and
Missy sitting over there relaxing Max
and all cool shootin some b-ball outside
of the school
nothing okay so I'm making pizza dough
just made this one all perfect and I was
able to throw it up and okay I didn't
vlog it so let's see if I can blog this
one okay so I'm just a quartered the
little ball and throwing up my hand a
ball make little balls out of them
little balls and then I just want to
form it slightly hey get it really good
see yeah yeah Oh
brian is going to attempt to cut up
Penelope
third pile all caught we Oscar we asked
you guys what we should name her and you
guys got attached and I'm sorry her name
is Penelope but she just looks so sweet
and juicy so I just look away look away
if you're sensitive to this that's got
mint been smelling so good for the past
few days yeah so then I just cut a
little off the top right yeah I watched
a YouTube guy do this here's to you
Penelope
my frigging gosh he's like the best
pineapple I've ever had really not okay
Missy's making her boring pizza and
Cassie's friends all came through here
and made some pretty interesting looking
pizzas won't go with it you don't want
any of this look at all this meat we
have looks good but not for me
Bryan is getting ready to create his
masterpiece hi guys it here it's
Canadian bacon pineapple and green
pepper and then this one I'm doing with
barbecue sauce and cheese chicken these
are like a huge piece of Chad they are
cilantro
yeah body I love my song so much Wow
thank y'all hush this is a weird pizza
no I'm gonna be honest she's in it oh my
gosh and pineapple fresh pineapple I
mean I understand you like like lots of
things I mean certain things on your
pizza but I can't imagine doing it all
in one pizza I love all these things
together on one pizza hmm looks racy
Brian is working on his computer and
clever just like he needed a little
Brian loved it and has cuddled right up
on top of his pants
let me is like a Peter it's just the
cutest thing ever it's like his little
daddy and he's just cuddling with him
thumbs up if you think that's like the
cutest thing ever
well we already left a candle so you
might want to hurry hurry okay yeah the
fire department's gonna come great
success I am making cinnamon rolls right
now and basically I just took the dough
covered it in butter and sugar and
cinnamon so there it is and then I just
set it right in here and they are going
to be delicious homemade cinnamon rolls
gonna die for this is basically how it
looks I just kind of squish them all
together I'm gonna do a little YouTube
magic I know Brian did it before so I'm
gonna do it too so ready and damn so
that's how you do it it was so easy it's
so much easier than using the oven as
Brian said it just makes more sense
because
I'll be let's make your house superhot
and it's just frustrating it takes
forever so if you can do it this is the
easy way to do it and they turned out
perfect let's go you should go for this
ease getting all her drugs in order and
look at this SES to take this little
pill and it's your progesterone right
and it always reminds me of a chiclet
no not a chiclet it's a six let the
little chocolate candies that have color
on it
yeah that's what this always reminds me
of and I'm like oh you always get to eat
your little candy and look at this she's
got like an old lady pillbox laden I
forget I just forget something you might
be noticing that the chalkboard is blank
I actually went to go put something
brand-new on it yesterday and we have
not found the chalk we still don't know
where the chalk is
so that's really sad but what do you
guys think we should put on the
chalkboard it's a good opportunity to
ask you guys so leave a comment below
with what you think we should put on the
chalkboard and maybe we'll use one of
your suggestions we ever find the jacket
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
and as always we will show you tomorrow
bye
you know we're having fun
