beans beans the magical fruit tomorrow
you eat the more you toot tomorrow - the
better you fail so eat jemaine's with
every meal or your brownies big effects
get it so far okay
look at how speaking shoot the end there
you go
oh we were going to me what you want I
did did you really I did good morning
everyone
so we are having a wonderful Friday
morning I've been doing a little bit
cleaning and Brian's been doing some
editing as usual that's pretty much what
we do but we're getting ready for a
really special bump date today we're
going to do something a little bit
different so I'm super excited we didn't
do it yesterday obviously so we're gonna
do it today but it's getting really
special and totally different
cuz I'm thirty weeks that's something to
celebrate that's something to really to
really make a special video on so we are
doing something really cool today so I'm
really excited I'm making lunch
and Missy threw this at my head this is
the back from yesterday we're gonna see
what we can do you throw it at me I
throw it at you are you happy okay
karma cut and taking naps oh boy sorry
I'm sorry
oh you're out of here not funny so you
guys know how we always find lizards
outside well yeah there's actually one
inside oh my gosh no it's not my lizard
what are you talking about
see yeah it's right there no it doesn't
have a tail yeah scary what if it starts
running it stop run you're gonna scare
you wander neetha treat the enemy was it
hiding in that Cup
Jimmy did you try and catch it what do
we do I feel like he's your colleague
all over me why is it you can't get a
cat oh we've had to get it no we can
catch it Oh Gary it's good friend great
Oh show-off look at him look at him oh
hey little guy I think he wants to go
outside
yeah is he a blue belly he's so
cool-looking look at the blue under his
neck you Oh carry on letting go
kersek there's my friend be free there
you go
go it's okay you're good bye bye
that was interesting you kind of lost it
they're gonna like it in the baby stuff
okay I was gonna cry just picking up the
talent it's just so hot mm-hmm I don't
know about this every single time it
just gets worse and worse
we're headed to the park because we're
gonna go film it sees bump date outside
it should be really interesting
something a little bit different since
30 weeks is kind of a big deal it is 30
weeks Brian 9 weeks at the very most
nine weeks be seven oh my gosh could be
sure here today no I'm freaking uh what
if it was like five weeks but it's like
in five weeks
so we just got all the way to the park
and we forgot some very important items
for this video so now we're going all
the way back home so hopefully when we
do at this time we'll grab everything
and then we won't have to like make
detours we're about to set up and we're
going to start filming everything but
guess what
this pregnant lady has to do I have to
pee
very very badly it's really bad Brian
did you find toilet paper in your play
there's no way I'm gonna be able to pee
out here it's so much more complicated
when you're paint when you pee when
you're pregnant so we just finished
filming Missy's bum date outside and I
don't know if you can hear it but
there's like birds in there they do they
sound like monkeys and they literally
were sounding like they were fighting
while we were filming so you guys might
actually be able to hear that in the
video hell 30 weeks pregnant how many
times we said that on the vlog guys like
it's too good to be true yeah there's
always that part of you that's like a
whisper in the back of your mind that
it's not really real yeah but it is it's
real baby like mommy and daddy soon I
know that's crazy in the middle of my
mom date my leg went dead like seriously
dead I can't like it hurts so bad I
can't like move it or anything
Oh a doggy over there it is me time
these are my mango a go-go smoothie
stuff I'm gonna chop up a banana in it
too cuz I love mango and banana
seriously I don't know what goes
together better than mango and banana
well I guess like chocolate and peanut
butter peanut butter and banana peanut
butter banana and chocolate so yeah
there's probably a lot of things that go
good but I love mango banana
oh I'm throw it in the milk drop all
that it's probably good be loud ready
and it's done now I'm going to throw
some spinach and mush mouth II you know
for that extra iron and the green look
go go I'm gonna turn it green how smooth
it at dang I feel the big smoothie oh
yeah
getting my green on you guys so today I
got my articulate wallet in and if you
guys don't know what these are
it was like a huge Kickstarter campaign
for basically this new wallet design and
I remember I funded it maybe like seven
or eight months ago but the first ones
just came and actually I got a
notification yesterday that ship then
it's here so that's pretty dope and so
I'm gonna check it out this is what I've
been using as my current wallet and oh
those are actually some of our cards um
but it's like a Jacob's Ladder thing and
it's very it's like falling apart so
I've had it for a while so I'm going to
transfer everything that I used from
there to here like it's got a quick
slide slot there for my most used card
so I got everything in there and I got
my most used card on the quick slide
slot see how I like it I'm really picky
about wallets so we'll see how this one
grows on me oh thanks baby
even though I ordered that myself like
six months ago
this he's sitting right here right and
she goes to vlog but she's like oh Brian
give me your camera cuz she doesn't want
to get up and get her camera like why
did I buy you a blind camera if you just
keep asking me for my camera I'm sorry I
don't wanna get up you're in a chair
roll yourself I'll roll you too you know
I don't know I can't move what was that
I'm a cow anyways I am trying to
convince
my husband to buy me a pool like a
little pool like something I can sit
inside flipping a lot and this is going
to be my life for the rest of the summer
it's gonna be pretty sing it hot and be
melting and dying in one
I just want to strip all my clothes off
and I just wanna sit in a little pool
and I really want one so I'm trying to
convince them to do that now you ask you
it's like when you ask your mom if your
friend can stay the night in front of
your friends and she has to say yes
Missy seriously been like this for the
entire Drive like a good seven minutes
what's wrong Missy what are you doing I
forgot my sunglasses you won't give me
them yours well Missy you actually were
like give me your sunglasses as we're
walking out the door and I was like no
just grab yours and then you never did
and then they're in the car
I didn't say that and now so these are
your new sunglasses mm-hmm they're
pretty stylish um I don't know how they
are just Bryan it's really not that
bright right like it's like the Sun I
talked Bryan into coming down and
looking at the pools Bryan thinks we
should get this one so that I can give
birth in it it's like the perfect
birthing pool I don't know how deep is
it not to give birth in I'm just I can't
do that you guys have to see what my
friend and idaho Chelsea actually sent
us she sent us this frame that says you
anchor me and it's got like these little
hooks on it which are really cool for
our keys so I hung it here next to our
coats so I can put my keys there boom it
works so that's awesome I I love the
anchor I love the like the rope thing a
parent she told me she did everything by
hand like she did she put together the
entire thing and she said she was super
proud of herself so she posted pictures
so I have to see the pictures but it's
so cool I think this looks like
something you buy at Hobby Lobby she
also did the coolest envelope design she
says she was bored at work um yeah I use
I love the picture of karma I think that
is like icing on the cake like that
that's like the cutest picture of karma
I
I've ever seen so props so if you guys
don't know
I am a contributing author for
still-standing magazine I write once a
month for them this June is sort of like
Father's Day and Father's Day is pretty
significant for us you know because I am
a father to two sons who we have lost
and to one who is going to be here
really really soon I didn't think I was
going to be as truthful as I really was
but I ended up revealing like a ton of
stuff you know about my experience with
my father or the lack thereof and sort
of how that all contributed to you know
my thoughts on me being a dad and then
you know what I felt you know with our
first loss basically the guilt that sort
of came along with that and it all it's
all tied together but I finished it and
I think it conveys what I want to convey
so I'm really excited to get this out
there and you know let other guys out
there know hey these feelings that
you're feeling are completely normal
you know what I mean and that's
something that's super important for me
Brian's making his famous brownies oh
yeah his famous black bean brownies and
he accidentally what we knew is opening
it he was using this little tab and you
just like popped it off I guess these
were too strong a lot of water is that
more do you think I'm in Boston
I don't remember not beans beans the
magical fruit the more you eat the more
you
- the more you do the better you fail so
eat Jermaine's with every meal Oh your
brownies can of black beans a little bit
of water throw it in my mixer and go
like this it seemed much more watery
than last time it does a little bit
that's okay and then you throw your
brownie mix in the bowl and then you
dump your bean mixture all up in it oh
that smells not like brownies I'm
hanging up some clothes right now I'm
just trying to organize this we actually
just received a a onesie from Taylor who
actually Carla what are you doing
chewing on something though it from
Taylor she actually does Taylor I'm
Alexander design she makes like onesies
he sent us this and it says hashtag baby
Olly me and Brian seriously like love
this yeah that's the coolest thing in
the world
yeah so I'm hanging this up right now
but he will definitely be wearing that
it's so cute
so thank you so much Taylor okay so
remember when I was just yelling at
karma because he's trans and they well I
figured out that the business card from
Taylor
Alexander designs I had sitting right
here and he grabbed it and he has eaten
half of it karma
why do you have to eat things Bachman
brownies are done and I think they look
way better than the last ones I made
these ones I made in a big pan so
they're a little thinner and I just
pulled them out so they're like piping
hot I mean they're not black bean
brownies kasi their normal brownies I
got impatient I couldn't really wait
they're really really hot but they're
really really good if you guys have
tried these since I made them first time
let me know in the comments because I'm
curious how they came out for you guys
but I saw a lot of people sending us
pictures actually after I did it mmm
referre grub all right all right try it
all right
no thank you alright I hope you guys all
have an amazing Saturday on my own vlog
I'm eating my black bean brownies in
common really want one comments or
anything you want to say he's like yes I
would really like that Bernie please
please no no seriously she says that she
she's sitting right here and the
marshmallows are right there and she
says that she can smell him that's crazy
talk
I already have a really good nose
but out that I pregnant
hey that's something you have in common
with karma yeah you go look what I got
you
