he is getting dressed in a car eight
months pregnant it's really at a red
light you look over here sir big effects
you know so far okay look at how
stinking cute she is
there you go
oh you're going to what god I did did
you really I did good morning everyone
so today is a busy day I still have to
go find my other outfit and you know how
hard it is for me to pick an outfit I
wanted to have like two outfits for the
photo shoot it's gonna be at the beach
and I've got one it's kind of like a
it's a dress and it's like a really like
pretty but I wanted the more like casual
dress or a casual outfit something that
I can easily lift up my shirt and like
show my belly and stuff so I hope to
figure that out today I also have to
figure out Brian's outfit or what Brian
is wearing at least like his shirt and
stuff and I have to do it all the day
before it gets too late we are going to
the Photoshop photo shoot more towards
um sunset so I have all day basically
but it's still stressful because you
know how I am I can't make a decision
and I'm very wishy-washy when it comes
to what I'm gonna wear probably gonna
take my mom to six she is very good luck
when I go shopping she always finds the
perfect outfit so Missy is out running
errands and she just texts me and said
crap did we leave the watermelon in the
car and so let me go check we did but
I'm pretty sure that we did boom there
it is this probably is not very good
where I'm at me and my mom are actually
back at my office because my boss was
like um you left your gallon of milk
here so I'm just getting ready to leave
but look at this you guys tell me what
you think this reminds you of yeah
here's Missy's coconut oil it is the
completely melted on top what does it
remind you of one of my friends fans at
she said jar of fat then you are correct
remember the jar of fat that Joey had to
drink yeah this reminds me of that oh
that is so gross
scorcher today guys look at that 104 one
out 103 it just got a little bit cooler
but yeah it is freaking hot today
in Southern California a Heidi Kim
commented on today's blog or yesterday's
vlog and said that her husband was
shaking her head when we were saying
that it's 87 degrees we're like it's so
hot it's 87 degrees and she lives in hot
hot hot desert and it's like 117 there
so kind of feeling her pain right now
because it's in the triple digits and I
need to bowl of my windows now and crank
this ice suit
thumbs up for AC am i right at the mall
I gotta get something to wear for the
returnees shoot which was supposed to
leave in like two hours for so cutting
it pretty close okay so I'm trying on
some different outfits for the maternity
shoot I'm on a time crunch I don't know
if you guys know that I'm like seriously
no time yeah and I still to do my hair
and yeah so I really like this but it's
not I don't know it kind of pops up and
I really like these white pants they
kind of are like beachy to me because
they have like they're like rough stuff
you don't kind of thing to look at these
I'm off found these oh my gosh these
pants there's anchors on them but I
haven't tried them on yet so much I'm on
but they're so cute they're kind of like
a cream color or maybe like a grayish
color but their little blue anchors that
would be so adorable but I don't know
they're not maternity pants so it kind
of always depends on it so it's it me or
not what do you think can I rock it
I like it so unfortunately I can't show
you how I look at these because I do not
fit in them in Apple like Apple but I
think I'm gonna go with this shirt I'm
gonna have like a different undershirt
that would work so that it's like more
white to the bottom but this one so that
I can kind of like show my belly like
this kind of so I think I'm going to do
this shirt but I guess you guys will see
my final decision once we get down to
the beach because I don't I might have a
couple different options available now I
gotta give a friend's outfit trying to
send Missy pictures but I have no signal
so I have to hold my phone up is it
working come on come on
because I did it I actually picked out
an outfit and I feel really good about
it actually so I'm telling you this
she's really good luck she yeah cuz she
just is like nope it doesn't work Brian
will just tell me that looks really good
that looks really good I really like
that I really like that and I'm like
what I don't know and so like I can
trust my mom cuz she's you know she's
like the good she's like your best
friend who can be like no that looks
really bad on you but it doesn't hurt
your feelings because you know you need
the truth sometimes I had to get a root
beer because when I'm with Missy she
doesn't let me drink through there she
says that it smells and also got some
lunch
cuz I haven't eaten all day and I'm
seeing if Missy likes my shirt cuz she
said that she doesn't think I can rock
them we'll see probably really gonna
piss her off
oh my god is out here you guys okay so
I'm wearing my tank top what do you guys
think
Missy hates it I mean I know don't I
don't have a guns or anything but I
think it's that bad right what do you
guys think should can I rock it
can I do it maybe you know how when we
lock the car and your keys are in there
and then it makes a like loud beeping
sound and it's really annoying
yeah well today I was getting on the car
and I locked it and it made that sound
cuz I left my keys in there you left
your keys in there yeah I'm gonna lock
your keys in the car yeah so saved us
from locking the key in the car
good job good job Prius you're so smart
Nessie's very smart and she's getting
her hair done her all curly we're on our
way to the beach and I'm hope I'm kind
of stressed about the time I think we're
okay but
we kind of left late and I'm oh I just
today he's been like really crazy and so
I was able to do something with my hair
like I have like curls in it and stuff
but I wanted to look beachy because it's
gonna be breezy and beachy and so I
didn't want to be like this perfect girl
hair you know kind of thing so hopefully
I love someone decent I could and I'm so
bummed because I couldn't get my bangs
down in time we were just literally
rushing out of the house I don't know I
think it'll still turn out because I
think we have a good studying in a good
area and I think that they can make me
look somewhat decent differently my
husband decided to get a tank top I
don't know I guess I'm just I've never
really liked guys and being toxic tank
tops I guess you can say do it let me
know I don't know I just I think that
there's some people who can be me but I
don't know I feel like I mean one of me
out we can say that it is kind of me I'm
not trying to be macho like 15 degrees
cooler air by luckily
sitting and Brian's a hot guy right
thank you I just seemed weird when I
said the guy keeps in cooler and he'll
be so much happier I think he actually
probably released a lot of stress for
I'm not having to feel so sweaty all the
time can't imagine if I had to wear a
like short sleeve shirt every day I hope
we die oh we might have run into a bit
of a roadblock I don't know yeah you
know you go ambulance I don't know what
to do you guys okay so so we're not
going on this those drives well you guys
ask her okay that's kind of sad oh they
got a stretcher out I hope everyone's
okay though it's like
have a second thing I know right so
we're here and now we gotta finesse it
to figure out where she's at and then we
should be doing our shoes so it oh my
gosh I got some wow that's a fair yeah
oh my god she is getting dressed in a
car eight months pregnant at a red light
look over here sir just got to the beach
and this is our photographer crystal say
hi appearance worst idea ever
yeah traffic was pretty crazy but we
made it
I'll have all the crystals details down
below in the description too so you can
check out like our Facebook page and
website and stuff but we're gonna have
some fun this is all dressed up she got
dressed in the car at a red light while
we're about to do a u-turn so painful
and not comfortable all right let's do
dish this is getting undressed at the
beach does getting decision to look how
close the fair is you guys right there
you cannot see cuz it's overexposed so
cool these are like some really cool
cliffs
working at look at the doggies playing
in the water this is actually a dog
beach and so oh look at that son babe
it's beautiful karma here I know this is
so cool that look at these cliffs I know
this is a really cool place to go
can you guys believe we're doing
maternity pictures like seems like
everything is going so fast
hey puppy she's so good so after
countless hours of shopping
like how many returns like three dress
returns Macy found the dress and she
just now put it on you guys wanna see it
go see it
guys here boom it's white I'm low sir
check it oh this is wearing a white
chevron long I don't know any of those
words hey it bit me you're gonna get wet
are you ready here wait the water is
getting very close am I sure that you
look okay I'm pretty sure that's a trick
question I've heard you say before that
whitening people look bigger well a
little bit okay I don't think that
really matters with you because you're
pregnant though okay she's taking
pictures of us now I have to say it's
actually kind of nice not having to like
be behind the lens or worry about what
I'm doing oh look at that
and of course you see is being a rock
star because she's amazing
put your hands on your tummy
perfect
look at me
hey poppy so crystal how long have you
been shooting for
five years right on and how'd you get
started I bought my friends camera then
I just started taking pictures of
everything I got my toe in your toes
right on I have to say I work with a lot
of photographers like second shooting
and stuff and you're so easy a lot of
photographers like they try and make you
really intimidated you know and you're
awesome
so you're rockin it and she's also
expecting you guys can test you can't
tell at all are you kidding me
she's gonna have a New Year's baby right
she's gonna win that cash prize okay so
things are getting pretty dang at epic
right now crystals owning this look at
this oh that's so cool she's Missy's
literally standing on a rock out there
you guys look at her oh my gosh it's so
cool
it was actually really cool all right
tampon commercial a little bit a little
bit like a tell on yourself it's so cool
I have to go save her those crabs over
there
the water feels amazing - it's really
really awesome do you guys see this
we're like knee-deep in water she's
amazing it's very slippery up here but I
don't think we're gonna see any more
crabs
okay whoa okay we good we good that's
fun
you look epic up there I'm not kidding
that was insane
she owned it crystals amazing and look
at that son we just just raced it look
it it's literally hitting the water and
that's around so you just got done and
you can see it's dark so yeah I got dark
fat look at the fat okay you guys got to
see this this is the Del Mar fair if any
of you watching were there today you're
right there right there right there
right there right there but one of you
is there I'm pretty sure we have a
subscriber there right now right I would
love to go but I don't know it's gangly
and I'm absolutely starving
this is starving and guess what she's
craving Olive Garden chicken okay soup
y'all please love and chicken okay soup
right yeah she went really well though I
think I'm really I think it's gonna be
really good
it's exactly what you were looking for
it feels weird like being there cuz you
don't know if you're doing it right or
if this looks right or if you look
stupid or cheesy or ugly or weird or
whatever if a Brian says they look
really cool yeah
and then you can definitely check out
crystals photography Facebook page and
it will have it linked below but she was
amazing like she was just so sweet so
nice so down-to-earth so easy to work
with I felt super comfortable her so it
was really awesome Missy and chicken
okie reunited again you can okay over
there
sucking on that apple juice he's gone
crazy huh when everybody aggressiveness
right now are you in labor
I want to freak people out because I
don't know got home and we drove from
San Diego and Missy how much how much do
you think it costs to drive from San
Diego to home you've been sleeping by
the way you think four dollars I'm gonna
say like 550 you say four dollars even
yeah okay let's see she's gonna show off
the car and it's gonna tell us
Oh three dollars and ninety five cents
that is so freakin cool I had here
twenty dollars in my pocket and soaking
wet now not funny this is all I want to
do right now
just sleep I'm so tired
he said you look gay hey hey
I'm sorry whose anyway I'm gonna end the
vlog because um you know it has to end
sometime I hope you guys enjoyed the
vlog and I look forward to seeing the
pictures make sure you gonna like
Crystal's a Facebook page because she
was awesome and they ran this huge
giveaway and Missy won and so she got
maternity pictures for free which was so
nice of her so I cannot wait to see the
pictures and if you like the Facebook
page you'll get to see them first and I
am just so beyond excited I really hope
she posts on by the time this vlog is up
because that would be really really cool
but anyway I hope you guys have an
amazing night and as always we will see
you tomorrow I guess gonna watch you
guys gonna watch this well thumbs up if
you're gonna watch tomorrow - all right
bye
yeah so I exercise I literally feel like
he works mom when I walk down the baby
aisle
it's most resistant I cannot know I
can't stand the smell of diapers and
we're walking down the aisle right now
and I just feel like how terrible is it
that I'm pregnant and people call her
like why can't
