I don't know whether I'm is cat brought
again and I know whether to go under
right big offense you know so far okay
look at how stinky 2p is there you go oh
we were going to what you want I did did
you really I did
good morning bumpers so I'm off to work
but today I'm actually leaving early
because I have another doctor's
appointment it's just now that I'm
getting close to that that end date
doctor's appointments are just popping
up all over the place I basically have
an appointment every single week
sometimes twice a week so it's just
hitting super busy super crazy and
hopefully as I get like to 34 weeks I'll
stop seeing my high-risk doctor because
I'm hoping it won't be necessary anymore
that'll be really nice when I just have
one doctor have to see instead of
- so I do have to get up early and do
that which is kind of always makes my
day go faster at work you know you get
to get off just a little bit earlier hey
guys so Missy just picked me up and we
are headed to her appointment
basically if Missy has been feeling
really dizzy and like light-headed
lately which is one of the reasons why
she's been like super tired and we've
actually also had an issue with her
blood pressure being really low so we
she called her doctor yesterday and they
basically want to see her right away so
this was the earliest appointment so
we're gonna go in and basically just
talk to them about it and see what she
needs to do I'm not super worried about
it I don't feel like it's mainly what
I've read up is that low blood pressure
the main worries out are you gonna faint
or pass out because that could hurt
yours and the baby so but for the most
part it's not like the most harmful
thing to have low blood pressure but
they still just want to like get it in
the books and like write it down and
document it my computer still hasn't
come for work so I've just been working
at home and I really I'm really excited
because I want to be in the office
because I feel like I'll be a lot more
productive in the office because I have
less distractions it's so sad when you
have to leave every day
you won't be with me I know the tables
are gonna turn once Missy is able to
stay at home I'm gonna be the one
leaving pretty much basically just swap
swap yep I'm gonna have to get up early
which I suck at how my appointment
everything went good they really weren't
that worried shouldn't even really know
why I was there so for just a regular
appointment so um but I definitely need
to be eating more and I know crazy right
has to eat more today am i finding um
fortune cookie so hungry late hole I had
to like stuff fortune cookie from my
trace evidence oh good now you just got
all the cups of me oh so hungry I was
like like grabbing to my personal like
fortune cookie and I stuffed in enough
they want her to drink Gatorade which I
don't think it's gonna happen I just
need to drink lots of water and even
more salty foods so that's not gonna be
a problem
I'm taking back the Fitbit and I'm
really sad about it but basically like
after extended use it was giving me a
rash on my wrist and I wish I would have
shown you guys because I really hurt it
was really uncomfortable I hate that
because I loved everything that it did
and I really loved it but I'm just
totally bummed that it started giving me
a rash so I'm gonna take it back to
Target see if maybe there's something
else that I can possibly use I know
there's the up fitness tracker but I
just don't think I'd like it as much as
he was starving and the nurse was like
expressing how she needs to be eating
every two hours no matter what it is he
needs to be putting something in her
body so we were at Target and she
grabbed a little
are you feeling better it's probably
really salty to which the nurse said she
needs so I got myself a hot dog look at
this it's like a perfect looking hot dog
like from like an ad we're making a
Starbucks run cuz I got free swag from
my work they gave me top you got a bonus
got a knockout bonus this is how we do
bonuses at church you guys okay they
gave us Starbucks cards that makes
actually complete sense because I mean
everyone's always like coffee coffee
coffee coffee yeah I don't know there's
like that Christian connotation that
surrounds coffee I guess all the time
well see if they get Missy's drink right
though yeah well see get it right well
how do we know I have to eat it first
oh yeah here mister what if they added
coffee how dare them right out of
Starbucks how dare you add coffee to my
drink Starbucks isn't good good
coolness I splurged you guys I'm
splurging today and I got the cookie
crumble one it's just the picture looks
so good the picture it actually looks
good in real life oh look at that
oh man it looks really good really good
and I'm like I totally could use the
coffee too
okay we spoke too soon they messed up my
drink they put they didn't put coffee in
my drink also and I said just coffee and
yours so crazy is that like a
requirement for Starbucks to mess up
every single time at least on something
cuz they're doing pretty good at it
he fixed it but he gave me this huge one
and I'm like I'm pretty sure that's
about a thousand calories but thank you
see guys that's why you shouldn't assume
because when you assume it makes an ass
out of you and me yeah
real original right perhaps I just got
done filming a quick video I've gotten a
lot of questions on how my glucose test
went and do I have gestational diabetes
I actually just did a video on all of
that so that should be up hopefully
tomorrow you think it'll be up tomorrow
yeah it's all depending on whether Brian
gets super busy or if he's actually able
to do it so if he did do it then it will
be in the description below so go ahead
and check that out and you can figure
out what my results were let me know if
you guys have any suggestions for this
is the most annoying thing in the world
we have this rug here right but this
corner were constantly true
thing over it so we always have to smash
it back down and we if you saw we have
like rug almost like a rug sticky tape
all along this border to keep it stick
doom but it doesn't say it never stays
we always end up tripping overhead I
don't even know what to do think it may
feel like a nail it down into the ground
or something you found out my socks shut
up shut up oh my god how many socks are
in there that's all and I dumped it
oh that's at least three pairs of socks
oh my gosh
yeah throw all that back under there
that doesn't matter right bitch once I
throw the dirt under there yeah my dad
yeah hi karma boy you're gonna be a
football player gonna play at your
football are you gonna be a football
player you can be a football player
well you're not supposed to tear it up
you know they actually just like catch
it and they throw it and they kick it
but they don't chew it up like this so
maybe play nice with it okay oh well go
get a touchdown
gotcha Jim Nina no one asked you
I'm just sitting here trying to brace
myself for every trick but I just
noticed look at my belly button it's so
red you're trying to it's like I don't
know that's probably a stretch mark
yeah they look too great yeah so I mean
when I go like I can go like this
doesn't look as bad
no then when I stretch it out yeah it's
all red so I don't know
Oh doesn't look very happy it doesn't
hurt his for a while it was hurting it
was like a sore like my whole belly been
just felt sore but now I feel kind of
it's sad well you have a sad belly it
feels yeah oh my gosh she's like
seriously getting into position at this
very moment I've been like holding it
and as soon as I move my hand he like
curls up over here for Missy its kind of
how I feel if I eat like a big burrito
my belly it starts to get like lopsided
you know and then I could feel like
moving inside me I can guarantee that
your burrito feels nothing like my 30
week so I just got so excited because I
was like oh I know that Apple's
Worldwide Developer Conference is coming
up it's actually next Monday and Missy's
making fun of me because I'm a total
nerd and I'm nerding out but I'm so
exciting the one thing I'm excited about
is iOS 7 because they're gonna show it a
little bit I'm gonna geek out for a
minute here so just if you aren't really
into this you can fast-forward like 20
to 30 seconds but I'm really excited to
see iOS 7 because I heard that it's
gonna be like a huge new redesign and I
actually registered my UDID
on my phone so that I can run the beta
before it's actually released because I
I did this last year and it was like it
was so cool because everyone we like oh
that's a new operating system hey be
like yeah you know sure anything about
variances it's kind of funny but um
that's what I'm looking forward to if
you guys are geeking out with me about
WWDC let me know in the comments what
you guys are looking forward to because
I am stoked we have for dinner perm and
what did you do over here made a mess
made a total mess karma
but I'll forgive you for it you can just
give me a dinner idea for should we have
for dinner I won't have any hot dogs
okay let's do a joke Oh Brian yeah I
won't give me any dinner ideas karma
what do you want for dinner boy he just
wants kibbles and bits and kibbles and
lamin and Scrolls little messy good well
yeah kinda what happened here whose was
this that's Kathy's it's Cassie some big
big thing sunday is the crime scene
people we have a crime scene don't look
and you do all the look away look away
I'm sorry ma'am
I'm sorry ma'am you're gonna have to
exit you're gonna have to ex I'm sorry
no cameras please
you don't know what to do we're starting
we're going crazy
we're like starving to death and we
don't know what we want to eat we don't
know what we're in the mood for we don't
know if we want to cook we don't know if
we wanna go somewhere I don't even know
what to do I literally I do not okay
first of all my car doesn't wanna I hate
it when it does I fixed it huh I don't
know whether I'm okay I don't know where
your home is cat brought again I don't
know whether to go under I and every
what I want just what are you up just
tell me what you want
we I don't know what I want he's like
let's just go to Denny's yeah Jenny all
right what you want you really want my
blood sugar is getting low Missy
there's a car behind me now I do
literally need a message it Colette you
know it's so funny is that they know
where we went right now they know I know
I wish that we could just oh where did
we go your pet bird oh my gosh
cool so cool she did it hi angel
get her just sittin up there all nice
that's so cool she just eats with you
that's so cool
yeah oh I love that so we chose Mexican
and look at the little birds right there
we sat right by them so cool or she is
so cool
angel and that's so cool yeah really
Missy did you really have to tear up
your straw thing this is like this is a
problem she has is he gets a hold of a
piece of paper and she was literally cut
it into a million different pieces Oh
fun
you just love making messes she's just
like karma you guys Congress just like
me formulated they shred things and
we're not like really continue to tell
everyone why you think you and your dog
have similar personalities you guys have
to check this out on Instagram if you
haven't already but I made two pictures
into one to make it look like Missy's
feeding me chips oh it's not as good as
the last one I did I guess
go look in my my Instagram but or my
Instagram profile for the last one we
did it was really really good actually
we're like high-fiving each other
remember that it was a long time ago and
we were flogging yeah in this I'm sorry
I like Instagram okay Missy found the
old picture we did look at me oh my gosh
I was like huge and I got no beard that
is crazy you guys definitely check out
that look at this it only has 23 likes
you guys need to go go crazy on that are
you happy with this decision Missy it
was okay kiss okay look at my burrito
you guys oh my god I'm going crazy today
I know I know
yell at me in the comments tell me this
is bad tell me I just need nothing miss
out tomorrow I'm sorry but this looks
too good ah home Karen has yet to clean
up his mess
home boy I'm just kidding we are getting
rich but I'm exhausted
oh bob has a new look are you ready for
this
there he is he's so good-looking
I think our cutie is and he's feeling a
little shy tonight yeah he wants to talk
to you guys but he's feeling shy needs a
moment of reflection but look how cute
he is
so we are headed to bed least I am Brian
Apollo be up editing videos and stuff
but me and karma have to cuddle and go
to bed homeboy so can you say goodnight
see
goodnight bumpers for playing how much
seaweed can we get on to Karma
like that karma it just seaweed wrap fit
for your body and jockstrap you're
fumbling
