Comus freaking out right now well well
okay what you got there boy you got a
pause so far okay look at how speaking
to PS oh we were going to what thought I
did
did you really I did
good morning guys my brethren stinks and
the fan is still in the window this out
we do have air conditioning but at night
it's really cool so we just stupid
freaking yeah okay oops
today we're good we're good um but at
night it Cree's off considerably in
california so we open all the windows
and put fans in the windows and we see
it gets really nice really shut that off
- I'm a mess right now
okay Missy gets really mad at me when I
forget to do that because then it starts
sucking all the hot air in and that it's
like what did we just do the morning
everyone today I'm off to work I do how
to say though I'm a pretty happy mood
because although it is the first day of
first working day of June this is the
last
that I'll be working and so I'm I'm I'm
looking at my last few weeks right now
I'm in June and I don't plan to work in
July and this is it this is these of the
day like I only have a few more work
days left and so I'm just so excited and
actually we have a new girl starting
today and I get to train her all about
my job so that when I leave you know I
don't have to worry too much about all
that because I've been the only person
working in the office for almost two
years now and so I know of the ins and
out of this place and it's hard to train
somebody when you know so much Wow so
today has been an even bigger headache
apparently Missy's car was way more
messed up than we thought the
registration from last year is actually
still pending because they lost
paperwork and so I've been like on the
phone with so many different people and
like on hold and it's just so
frustrating like just like every time we
get somewhere we hit a roadblock and
something else happens and we have to
overcome it it's just really frustrating
so I'm waiting for another callback from
another department who can hopefully
tell me where our information went and
our paperwork that we we put in like we
were supposed to really frustrating I
hate dealing with car things this is
like worst I'm ready to just throw the
car off a cliff but we need it because
they're giving us value toward our new
car which hopefully will end up
happening I'm off work it was a awesome
day we had a kind of great time really
training
I'm just really excited about all that
now we are going to actually pick up my
mom and dad they went to get their oil
change and they're getting a few things
other things fixed and so we're picking
them up but Fridays and I mean a heck of
a day dealing with all kinds of car
stuff it's been really really bad but I
don't know hopefully we'll get it
figured out really quickly and we can
get through all the stuff something just
happened in Idaho those Idaho people
just giving fun on something that we did
it's nothing that that like we could
have prevented it's just simply
something they didn't do right and now
we're just having to deal with all kinds
of issues because of one person who
didn't grow up something wrong and
basically turned into like this huge
like like a domino effect basically Jim
what do you call avocados ever color
what do you call f ricado avocados is
what he calls them you guys not crazy
eat with it no they're avocados
we got avocados so I totally just found
coconut oil a twink oh boy it's like not
even that expensive pretty cool hey
Missy what are you doing we're all up
here Missy gave up you guys
okay come on you need one of those carts
that you drive around in oh my goodness
this is happening that's where you're
going do you remember last time you were
in that gym
you crashed into a wall there's the you
crash into a wall and put a dent
come on baby it's okay you're very
pregnant you have an excuse okay you're
okay
come on we're doing fine you're doing
fine boo it's fast now huh I having fun
I don't want to do this look at me see
for your personal life at home you can
use an amigo advertises right there it's
like oh you're sitting in one of these
you basically need one all the time he's
really Missy's not filling it you guys
encourage or say that this is okay she's
pregnant and tired she can be in one of
these it's really fast oh my god crash
into something don't crash the crash
into something heavy so funny
some other things I totally forgot about
these and then Missy reminded me
we totally need them let's see orange
stream was orange stream good I can't
remember fight right orange stream the
mango agogo is so good though
every time she sees us that's what she
sings ABBA this is pretty good huh but
you can't have any because we're not in
Europe
apparently pregnant women in Europe
drink wine just what they do over there
they do a lot of things differently
I tried returning Missy's cart but I
turned the corner and then the guy was
like oh I'll take that I was like fine
he won't even let me drive it around so
we just saw my parents off or back off
at the car place that's actually where
we were at just a CA trying to up
by a car and I made my dad run in and
get me some hot chocolate I don't know
it sounded really good and it is really
good it's actually one of the best hot
chocolates I've ever had
today milk a very chocolaty I'm very
particular about my hot chocolate and I
spoke pooed on me that sucks
so tonight we are gonna do some carne
asada on the grill and we found a really
cool marinade and so we got some steak
marinating and then we had to do just
like normal taco seasoning for the other
carne asada for those in the house who
are not as daring but they smell so good
and we're just gonna actually gonna
throw it on the grill too I'm gonna make
some guacamole
oh and Missy got coconut oil she's like
super she's been looking for this
forever and then she finally found it
and we got it so yeah I actually got
coconut oil which I started vlogging
about it in the store but then like a
ton of people came around and I got kind
of embarrassed because you know karma
really wants to try the coconut oil so
I'm going to use this probably um to put
on like my belly um and there's just
like so many different kinds of benefits
um like oh my feet get really dry and so
I usually put aquaphor on them I'm
really weird about what I put on my what
I put on myself because I'm really weird
but um the Aqua I don't use the l word
yeah and you don't say the l word okay
now they're just gonna think I'm a
weirdo I use aqua for a lot but I think
that my feet are becoming like addicted
to it like it needs it and so now I'm
gonna try coconut oil thinking that
maybe it will be able
more healthier for my feet kind of rub
some on your belly sure I guess no it
doesn't smell at all are you sure yeah
oh no my skin doesn't really feel itchy
or like dry or stretched or anything oh
it went a long way too you can just do
that always right so I don't have to do
it yeah we're really weird about stuff
like this
oh I think I pushed him back in there
too oh it was like brilliant like
pushing up yeah my mom went out he had
to sit on the ball
does the ball help put him into position
I think it did help him go down a little
bit yeah really making me cry there you
go it actually feels nice now that it's
like drying a little which is also why I
was in the car at the story was like I
was like about to cry
oh yeah Missy was just not comfortable
and she's been feeling like kind of like
not having a lot of energy and like
light-headed and dizzy too
yeah and so I was fine but then my dad
went and he's like yeah he had really
embarrassed uh gosh um guacamole
if you're curious posit weird music in
the bathroom that is Missy's dad gym he
watches weird things on YouTube no try
it oh la la de Vaca moly I know
was it good though it doesn't need
another packet cuz I have another packet
packet does I rat I got the Connie asada
on the grill and it smells amazing and
that's just half of it I have this whole
other Bowl that's been marinating that
I'm gonna throw in there also let's see
what it looks like let's see what it
looks like
all year for once we are the house at
the end of the street that everyone is
jealous of because we're grilling ah so
I made two different kinds of carne
asada right and I made guacamole and I
made beans and Jimmy grated cheese
high-five Jimmy didn't like me that
never happens and then we made right so
I'm just from laying here for a while
I'm trying to like relax I've been so
exhausted I don't know really pregnant
everyone getting ready getting heating
and getting their food and he can upload
do that
um I feel like I need to do it
because I have a special way that has to
be done get a car we get it
a ball I just want to be Jason Thomas
freaking out right now
well well okay what you got there boy
you got a Paul whoa whoa whoa whoa
precarious oh man you hit start hitting
this be holy lays on top yeah he tucks
them in okay like we're playing this
game now okay so right now I'm just I'm
not son is not very feeling very good I
think it mostly might just be tiredness
I think I'm gonna go take a shower and
get ready for bed and stuff but Brian's
still up at he's still doing tons of
editing working hard right brain he's
just waiting for the next person to come
in here and chase him so a lot of people
were telling us in yesterday's vlog in
the comments that our video didn't show
up in their feed and neither did Missy's
video and so I'm thinking since it was
also Missy's video and my video it
probably was like a YouTube thing but I
also didn't get a notification from mow
tube and if you guys
don't know you can actually sign up on
mo to in the description below and you
punch in your phone number and it's
completely free and every morning when
our vlog is up they actually text you
here I'll show you guys what it looks
like they'll text you when the vlog is
up they'll text you with the title up
the picture of the thumbnail and the URL
so you can just click it right in your
text box and it takes you right to the
YouTube app where you can watch it so
that's pretty cool if you guys don't
know that it's in the description box
below
um so you can go and actually sign up
and like I said it's completely sure you
your first time watching us then you can
click Subscribe and then you can see
what we do every single day this face
will be in your box I don't know if
that's a good thing
anyway I'm gonna let you guys go I have
to be up super early tomorrow's like my
first official day with my new promotion
and stuff and I think I'm only going in
to shoot and then go to a quick meeting
do you have to miss Missy's doctor's
appointment which really sucks because
it was gonna be a thorough one she's not
have to go to that alone which sucks but
she'll take you guys with her hopefully
we can go to the beach afterwards too
because we have been - we haven't done a
beach trip in a while so that should be
fun cuz it's now summertime I'll let you
guys go thank you for watching and we
will see you tomorrow sure you swim sure
I'm sorry hey did you see what people
are saying about you on Facebook those
ones outside that for it's pretty sexy
no words way everyone also says that you
look like Cheryl from Hey Arnold yeah
under federal law they say I should drop
fake hair on your forehead what a not
long before in order to be portable fer
so we decided we're going back down to
the dealership later
