this is the coolest part look at all the
colors look at all the colors busy I get
really excited over little things okay
big effects you know so far okay look at
how stinky poopy is your poster there
you go
oh we were going to me what what I did
did you really I did good morning mmm
yeah hair kinda reminds you of Amy
Winehouse she's like all sitting on top
of your head
oh hi karma I'm sorry good morning to
you too it's to trick people into um
food every morning oh really
he'll ask you for food and knowing I
could have custom me for food and then
he lost Cassie fruit so now we have a
little sign that's what he's doing now
he's asking you for food you guys move
for food uh-huh and so we have a little
sign no that says don't let karma food
he already ate you put it on the baby
that's so funny
come on are you hungry no you just
thought he makes that fat hole this
house it isn't his breakfast first
yeah he won't eat until you give them a
kiss yeah please kiss Chris this is at
my breakfast I got those butter toffee
peanuts that we got yesterday some maple
nut granola and I'm gonna throw in these
delicious blueberries oh my gosh I'm
still like obsessed with blueberries you
guys boom
how's that look good cool headed to work
now and I gotta say you guys that I am
still loving this new Justin Timberlake
see if you guys don't have it or you
haven't heard it it is so good
and like this is probably one of my
favorite songs called tunnel vision be
close to you maybe it's a storm bill
motion by the Velvet Brown in my head
that's what I doing out in other works
well I'm off to another final day of
work two more days left but it's funny
because I've never really been like a
well I'm not a coffee drinker but I've
never been like a drinker in the morning
but yesterday morning I had to do some
errands outside of the office and I just
had to stop and get a hot chocolate and
I was like seriously in love not only
because I felt like I felt like um I
don't know how to put this without
sounding totally weird but like I feel
like like adults drink like coffee in
the morning and I was like I had my hot
chocolate I was like wow this is so cool
so anyways I had to get another hot
chocolate and it's simply so good it
just it tastes so good in the morning on
like a cold morning you just get like a
nice little hot chocolate
I'm sure coffee's way funner because you
get like you know the caffeine and the
energy from it but I don't drink coffee
so hot chocolate will just have to do
after work hopefully it goes fast
because I did not have a good night at
all it was so so bad just got to work
and the car is telling me that I spent
52 cents in fuel that's just so cool I
love that I can see that now every
single time I am off and I got in the
car with my mom and we are headed to go
find my sister a present it's her 16th
birthday tomorrow we're not going to be
doing anything probably like a party for
her tomorrow she's got like a big friend
party and then we're gonna do something
special in a few weeks
I am headed home now but I just want to
say like wow thank you guys so much I
was going through the comments on
yesterday's vlog and so many people like
support us and are so happy for us and
I'm just so stoked like the support you
guys gave us and like we were kind of
nervous
I mean rightfully so because a lot of
people like to attack youtubers and we
felt really confident we seriously have
the best subscribers and I'm so I'm so
grateful and we feel so blessed for you
guys you have no idea so thank you
okay so much for all the kind words on
yesterday's vlog that meant the world to
us I can't wait to see my boo alright
alright headed out by the way can guys
call their wife boo is that what is
really what does boo even really mean I
thought it was kind of like boy like if
a girl's gonna say I'm gonna go see my
boo men she said it was here boy
do you guys say that about their girl
like I'm gonna go see my boo like my
girl or to be Goo I'm gonna go see my
goo is that right I am so confused right
now so we ended up at Target and we
actually found a couple really cool
drugs that I think will work for her I
don't know if it's exactly what she
wants but she can always return it you
don't obviously get something better but
she's looking for like a grayish you
know kind of rugged it's like a shaggy
and so there's this one right here look
good so there's this one and I think we
might actually go far because that I
think that that's it we just need to go
for it like she's just she's 16 years
old like what do you get a 16 year old
it's like so hard because she's not into
a lot of things
oh I just got situated on the bed I just
want to take a nap I'm tired but I just
got off the phone with my mom and I'm so
excited cuz she bought her plane ticket
to come and visit for the baby so it
should be really cool I think she's
gonna be here about a month so hopefully
within that time the baby is born but
I'm so excited to see my mom because I
haven't seen my mom it since and see my
mama a long time she's decided to come
to California and see all of her and
stuff so that should be such a fun time
oh my gosh I can't wait for you guys to
meet my mom my mom is so cool and she's
she's so much fun you guys will actually
love her I think that a nap sounds good
right about now we did it we got her a
birthday present
and luckily I'm actually going to be
telling her not to watch the squawk so
that she doesn't ruin the surprise
because sometimes she watches them ok
let's check and see who has the lowest
battery who gets to win Eddie
there's not even an art it's dead I feel
that I think I win your phone's dead
dead
yes dead that be in ok so we are
actually just diving around and we're in
the river song is on mirrors we're
diving around kind of in the country
part we're kind of scoping out some
areas for good photo shoots and good
areas for like upcoming videos and stuff
like that but I just I love this area
it's I would die if I lived in like a
country party I turn right in a country
part of town like oh and actually this
is where I grew up is right on this town
and I love this look how cou this is oh
that is actually what our river is
that's a river right I know I've said
this before but like I literally grew up
going down to the riverbed and I didn't
know that that was supposed to be like
where water was actually this is where I
used to ride around with my grandma and
on our golf cart which was so much fun I
used to drive around and be like go look
at houses and like just like in kind of
the dirt road area so much fun I just
love it just this part of town it has so
much like history and memories for me
and one day I'm going to live here and
I'm gonna have a horse
are you yeah Brian thinks I'm crazy
but I would love a horse that'd be
amazing all of you is gonna have a horse
and then Karma's gonna go on walks
through those with the whore I thought
you're a size eight Karma's gonna go on
the horse he's gonna go with us so much
fun I'd be like Mike dream there's my
dream so remember we got one of these
and we put all of his name on it
we were like going through each one
trying to find it and then we realized
oh yeah they're all over there too so
that would take way too long
I remember B as a kid we used to do it
and I used to always just gain here oh
I'm here shopping just look for mine I
never found anything okay this time it
wasn't us here's our Prius there's
someone else's right it's just a rule
you have to park next to another Prius
that might be the nautical blue one yeah
yeah we're going into Nessie's first
bath you guys are your shower can that
shower but look at she's already dirty
I can tell but our cars are dirty
all right okay and we don't even like
likely driving on dirt roads just like
regular roads how does it get so dirty
so far she's a dirty girl Hey Nessie's
first bath you guys I think this is a
really big deal whoa whoa okay what's
going on out there
it looks like we're trapped in a
hurricane yeah gone buddy hang on buddy
we don't know your name yet but hang on
you're gonna be okay you're gonna be
okay
okay yeah
two months we're gonna be celebrating
all over his first back not cool
are you okay see that wasn't too bad
this is the coolest part look at all the
colors look at all the colors busy hmm I
get really excited over little things
okay and then this machine's like uh
uh-huh you colors ain't staying on here
very long are you okay
yeah what's wrong are you gonna go into
labor are you gonna go into labor in the
car wash but I haven't having brush six
which means your body is preparing you
for labor it's a tornado this huge
machine just cleans my car without even
touching it uh-huh possible okay so I
forgot to officially update you guys on
what's going on with the birth center
basically I got everything sent over to
the birth center including the report
that didn't get sent through the other
day so everything is sent my midwife
that I've been talking to is looking
over everything and I'm just really
really hoping tomorrow I get the call
and let us know either way I think I'm
approved for at least a midwife so right
now we're just kind of hoping that maybe
I can actually do the birth center so if
that's the case that would be so awesome
so I'm just still crossing my fingers
and just hoping that I do get the person
I wrote we will see I also went ahead
and picked up the pack a package today
from Shannon in Michigan Michigan right
okay she got us a cute lundi that says I
heart my mummy Oh looks like she
actually made a beanie with a button on
it that's so cute he is going to look
adorable in that look at this brain
thank you so much Shannon that these are
adorable and I love this beanie it's so
cute okay so me and Brian are switching
roles I'm on this side of the camera and
Brian's on that side and now he gets to
feel the pressure
okay so Brian's actually getting ready
to film his little commercial which were
really excited about it's really weird
because my voice automatically has
commercial mode yeah all right like when
even when he talks it he kind of had
that made to do this I think I was made
to work in like advertising I don't know
what's wrong with him today but he is
just a sad puppy dog what is wrong I
mean that's slow he's just so slow today
what are you just tired it is pretty
late
I think he starts to feel my pain like
when I'm tired he gets tired like
sympathy sympathy symptoms yeah that's
what he has look at him he's exhausted
he didn't even go to the park he just
like been laying out what is wrong she's
getting her midnight snack on for real
actually you guys it is midnight 12
o'clock midnight 1200 for reals for
reals keys I want him a nice snack these
are really good can I have a bite it's
at the very last piece oh no one I don't
want to take your very last piece of it
I can have it ah but you have to give me
is nice more milk okay oh so funny let
me eat it okay brat she is so addicted
to milk it's not funny leave I've
probably ever go through like at least
one gallon every two days
also it's midnight so Cassie how old are
you now holy crap you guys she's sixteen
sixteen years old Cassie sweet 16 and
never been kissed right
thank you for noting that that is not a
bad thing Cassie
high-five give me a high five Oh
everyone say happy birthday to Cassie in
the comments and go follow her on
Instagram in the link in the description
below that'll be my present to you
she's Missy just posted a really funny
Instagram picture of her so you can find
her on there too she posts a lot of
funny pictures of karma hi Cara my boy
Cassie post pictures of you do you want
to go tell them to go follow Cassie on
Instagram for her birthday anyway uh
it's getting late like I said it's
midnight and I work in the morning and
Missy does it and so she kept me up all
night and
nominees for bad luck and I still have
to edit a vlog so yesterday is like this
is like payback from yesterday because I
had the vlog edited and I was in bed at
11 o'clock so super alright I hope you
guys have a nice day and we will see you
tomorrow bye
what do you guys think we can't thank
you further long belly buddies oh all
right I'll be pleased
Missy's belly is much cuter than mine
right what do you guys think whose
bellies tutor leave them a comment duck
knocks actually
