you don't say he's like hey guys good
morning
hey hey guys thanks for watching gee
guys what's up you guys big offense you
know so far okay
look at how stinky to PS your buzzer
there you go
oh we were going to watch what I did
did you really I did
good morning bumpers confession it's not
actually morning Missy and I both woke
up early and we dip things would you do
this morning thanks miss you made
breakfast and my breakfast again I
already said you and then I I got up
early and I did the vlog I was just
laying in bed and then Missy came down
and she laid in bed and then we took a
nap until one o'clock
we got chance to vlog anything because
we just we did things this morning and
then we went to bed it sleeps very well
nice everything you didn't know yeah
Oliver was kicking the crap out of her
you know how yesterday he was doing the
boxing and he knocked her out almost
last night it was not far from Missy so
she definitely needed nap and I'm just
lazy so there's no excuse for me I just
I just wanna sleep no use crying over
spilt milk I'm alright
except Bailey is crying the other sleep
she was asleep and then she got woken up
she's not very happy but I'm making some
lunch do you think you'll like that
maybe mm she was just eating watermelon
for lunch not watermelon but watermelon
bubbly bubbly bubbly bubbly bubbly tada
Kathy Bryan is officially open for
business I ordered my noodles with
chicken and Missy ordered hers with none
because of course she's super picky hi
this stuff on that
you mean like good yummy stuff like
chili powder and pepper and all laughing
mmm
boom made it even better and dusted some
chili powder on top you shouldn't want
any messy
yours looks born look how boring misuse
looks and how look how amazing mine
looks which one would you guys rather
eat trying to get this little one to
fall asleep cheese and refusing in that
for like it two hours now huh but you're
so tired you're just so tired with the
tribes I am headed to tame this wild
mess of hair finally do you guys see
what it's doing it's like getting all
curly and Rosen love it this is her
outfit that uh we got for her when your
birthday and then the next day I spilt
chocolate on it so that's sad huh I
ruined your helps it get these feet
petite feet summer's gone got it cut and
hopefully by the time we do our
maternity shoe at the end of June then
it will actually be like a really good
length so I'm hoping I'm not doing it
too soon or too late because you know I
never really liked my hair as soon as I
got a cut but after you know like two
three weeks it looks really good oh and
this guy just coming up Thank You Man in
the white car I just got done filming my
birth plan video which I gotta say it
was probably my fastest video I've ever
made um usually I take a lot of time
when I do my videos in it it's just like
a little bit of a process cuz we have to
like set up and all that but I did it
like super fast I'm super pounding
myself so I'm really excited about that
video but now we got to put everything
away and then Brian has to get ready
because he just got his hair cut and
look at this
we lost the tripod for some reason so
Brian had to rig up something to get the
camera stand up and look at me so that's
pretty funny so as per all the requests
on yesterday's video Brian got his hair
cut and it looks really good it looks
much cleaner you don't look like a troll
doll anymore sorry
hi this little old lazy asian lady dude
I said Latian little old Asian lady do
it and she just like kept cutting like
she cut it all and then she's like no
shoulder and she cut it
cuz again I was like it's fine you
really say that yeah when you were like
no it's good yeah I was like I think
it's good luck no no even either I'm
sure she gonna talk like that but I yeah
expressed the story
my poor iMac is sick you guys I put a CD
in on like a week ago and I was trying
to burn a DVD for work actually and it
will not come out so I got to take the
poor guy am look at him look how sad he
is so sad he's like I wish I could've
checked a Brian I wish I could and now
we like seriously need to go because our
appointments in my five minutes so I
have to put you in your coffin
you got my iMac in the back and what you
know it they don't make seatbelts that's
it computer boxes so he's back there and
hopefully he's okay I hope Ananda you're
watching I may keep putting me feel so
bad he's probably so sad he's probably
like why are my unplugged where am I
going
Ryan had to hop out of the car so I
parked the car and actually felt like
the best where you thought I'm so happy
like a mile away but I'm good there to
take him into the back a back room and
so they're going to do some super-secret
genius stuff that might involve a putty
knife surgical procedure hopefully they
can get it out he just told me there may
not even be a CD in the drive I'm like
freaking out because I tried put I
remember trying to put one in there and
it wouldn't go in
I don't know what's going on I'm not
dork babe I really thought it was step
if this really isn't okay he's gonna put
a CD in now let's see what really
happens it really goes in
oh my gosh I seriously thought there was
a CD in there I'm freaking out I feel so
stupid now I don't feel so stupid taking
it in for something that I thought was
stuck in there and there was actually
nothing because when he turned it on
there was like a little yellow like
ghosting on the screen and I just asked
him was like oh hey what is that I've
been seeing that and he's like actually
that's something that Apple can fix and
so they just ordered me a $600 new
screen for my iMac and I'm stoked
because they're just gonna order it and
then I'm gonna take it in for free and
get it all fixed so that's yeah that
actually worked out so thank you Alex
from the Apple store for hooking us up
Missy and I just split like a Panda
Express Pole but I just got the coolest
fortune ever
what do you think it says
see great things
says today is a good day for being with
a companion oh that's you
it's in the stars that were meant to be
together to see are you eating my
fortune cookie are not like more dumpy a
fortune cookie with your companion Oh
real original where you get that you
schmooze are you we give you to give me
one why what did you say to them whoa
what was that
really is yellow gun you got Suzie we're
gonna pass out could have anything to do
with the fortune you described that said
an unexpected windfall will be yours
what the hell does that mean I mean
you're just predict that you're going to
pass out Missy has one job when we're at
the mall is when we pass by the sample
guy you grab a sample even if you don't
want
now I get two samples I don't know if
you can see on the screen but this is
different than that there's like a
little ghosting right there and it
happens on this full right side of the
screen well apparently they're fixing
that for free so that's really really
awesome and it could come at a better
time because I'm about to get my other
computer for work so I can use that
actually while this is out and while
this is under the weather I really
screwed up guys I apparently have never
worn or washed this dress before I
washed it I guess for the first time I
mean I guess I was assuming that it had
been washed before then parently it
turned all of my whites purple so bummed
right now
Oh karma so this was like a white tank
top totally purple pinkish now my pretty
I cute little summer dress has purple
all in it can't really tell on the
camera but it the white is purple and
pink look at Brian stop it it's very
purple a white towel is now purple oh I
seriously messed up guard my name is
Doug car my name is Doug okay right you
don't care you don't care well I hope
you guys enjoyed the dress because I
also shrunk it it now will fit about a 4
year old so that kind of sucks but all
my stuff is good oh that's cool for sure
this could be ruined totally fine oh
they still have a little purple tint to
him actually very tiny bit karma has an
obsession with dryer sheets he literally
will grab them and he just rolls all
over the anything's they smell so good
damn it he thinks he smells so good and
I'm always trying to have to grab it
from but he knew that I was pregnant so
we kept trying to he kept like giving to
me in the taking way and giving to me
and he kept dropping some of it but
guess what he had like half of it and he
just started eating it he ate it he ate
half of the drive sheet well now he has
like good breath he literally smells
like laundry
like first oh my god he just gotta fake
it don't eat it karma back don't eat it
again mom ah maybe not let him eat it
don't eat it no whoa so fresh it clean
sure they're non-toxic oh my god I can't
believe ate it so I know I was laughing
pretty hard but obviously I mean he ate
a dryer sheet which seems like not very
healthy google it I lean on top yeah
there's other non-toxic not made with
any toxins or anything but it's still a
little weird I mean it's in his tummy
but it was only like half the dryer
sheet it wasn't like the whole thing
and it was already a dried one so it
wasn't like it was like all fresh and
crisp or anything it was like and he
chewed it up like he was serious like
man hang on I like that as like
basically I threatened him with a bath
like drop it and then he just say
anything up and swallow this but I
wouldn't take it from him how many cars
do so I'm thinking he's gonna be okay
but like I just read up on it I think he
I think it's fine because there was it
was only a little bit and it's not like
toxic or anything so hopefully it is
okay so you guys know how and the last
bump date it was a butternut squash that
was the size of a baby well every time
we do this normally like Missy will
throw away the fruit or eat it or do
something with it but I've noticed that
the butternut squash has just been
sitting on our dresser thing I decided
to dress them up a little and now this
is what should we name him
Bob this is Bob Bob the butternut-squash
ladies and gentlemen he will be sitting
right here until he goes rotten looking
Spore he's got a big forehead don't make
fun of his forehead you guys he was made
fun of a lot in school for his forehead
but you know he's just he's a happy guy
he's got a great smile he's really
surprised he's like so be nice to him
Bob the butternut-squash ladies and
gentlemen he's making oatmeal cuckoos
and she's using the new brown eggs that
we got from the farmers market
cookies raw I'm gonna do some YouTube
magic right here watch this see I
totally cooked them it just like speeds
it up you know ovens work pretty good
but if you have um you know like magic I
mean that's pretty much the best thing I
would use magic over over the oven any
time because I mean that's spread it the
cook time up significantly as you can
see and I mean they look amazing a
little cooking tip for you guys I may
have thrown in some chocolate chips into
a few of these but you know what I'm a
firm believer that when you're gonna do
something do it right Norman karma have
you met Bob this is our new friend Bob
he's cool
say hi hi karma ho you what kind of dog
are you
Karma's like totally perplexed it's like
wait what more play ball you want to go
to the park
do you wanna chase some squirrels he was
never really understood in his time like
I said you know he was made fun of a lot
for his really big forehead and the
absence of limbs we're gonna end the
vlog now I hope you guys had an amazing
day be sure to RSVP to our lives that if
you haven't yet we have like a hundred
and something people going and we're
already getting questions high five
very nice we're super excited to ask
question or answer questions for you
guys and chill just chill maybe Bob will
be there leave you there Bob probably
won't make it you really don't think
he's only got a couple days is that what
the doctor said oh no you guys pray for
Bob you know he's not looking good you
know he's a good guy and you know he's
going through rough times you know like
I said he was bullied a lot for his big
forehead we'll see you guys later you
wanna say goodbye Bob okay that was a
lot I love to see good
Oh another one he is just been going
crazy for the past hour kicking me home
dude yes by the way my shirt is up
it's very sore right now so what I'm
doing
