good morning guys so I put on my cool
ripped off jean shorts that everyone
likes to make fun of me for including
the sea sometimes and I reached my hand
in the pocket
what do I feel
dolla dolla bill y'all niggas head
skinny so far okay let's get hell
stinky QPS
oh we were going to what God I did did
you really I did oh yeah you know that
feeling when you reach into your pants
and you find money that's not some
feeling usually the feeling is much more
exasperated past $1.00 but um that's you
know you just you got to accept what
life gives you sometimes you guys one
two three four five six
that's your eighth piece of watermelon
good so been someone has a problem you
get my penicillin is good yesterday I
told Brian to leave me a little extra
room when he parked and he decided to
give me like the entire like driveway I
just wanted a little extra room and I'm
not like that big thank you though so
we're headed down town to check out a
little street art that they're doing
like with chalk and stuff so you think
it's gonna be pretty crowded right now
we are never going to find parking I'm
gonna try not to I know first you guys
figure out where it's actually hot we
didn't know where it's at we just knew
us here and so we're like alright go
over here kind of find a parking spot so
we had to make one in between right
there I'm not really sure if that's
entirely legal but we went for it so we
just got here and it's actually pretty
cool it looks like anyone can kind of
draw there's a bunch of kids in out here
drawing just actually pretty dang good
listen this guy yeah probably go oh and
someone did the guy from Assassin's
Creed
my ass was a step on it jump
I can't Chum look at this spongebob
looks so good cute we're getting into
the more professional ones over here
look at there's a black and white one
look at me see there's one over here
you'll really like puppy on it kind of
looks like karma huh oh that is really
cool so people are still feverishly
working because I guess judging isn't
it's for like another two hours right
yeah so they have two hours to finish
Wow vixie likes this one it's abstract
look at this one you guys that's the
photo that's the chalk that is crazy
that's so cool so I guess they don't use
like normal chalk did you know that
these like a pastel chalk like an artist
chalk that's why they're able to get
like darker colors and stuff with it
this one is really cool too I just
instagrammed it I don't really
understand it but her hair looks like
it's buildings those look like from
Australia the Opera House I still can't
get over this maybe you guys this baby
swans cool US Navy
baby junk calm the minions 14 years old
Missy that's so cool okay this one is so
cool Lee Rupe 2013 featured artist it's
got a squid and he's strangling this guy
that is so cool whoa okay this is a
little much
got a bear going on is that a Dorothy
from The Wizard of Oz that one is insane
did you do this oh you do this wow that
is amazing days of old by Tim Krejci how
long that take you 25 hours went into
this you guys Dorothy she's got them so
most of them work off a picture
that's pretty dang good West toto
there's toto and then honest so they put
all this twenty five hours into it and
it gets judged and then it literally
gets washed off the next day you know
they put so much work into it and then
it just it's like temporary but just
kind of like it ups like ups the value
of it you know what I mean all I know is
I probably got to step it up with the
chalkboard above our bed now huh there's
mike mckowski this one has miss your
name on it look at me I guess that's me
this is so pretty I love it
okay the things are actually like going
off yeah picture you know so cool look
at this time wait is that what you think
it is
wait come here come on is Superman how
many hours in are you
sorry 24 hours I love your name the same
style that's really rattled are you
gonna finish your time ten minutes left
Wow so this is from a picture of
Cambodia where Missy's Aaron actually
visits with their church look closely
you see like the reflection in the water
and a little guy on something what is
that so - right now
they have rhinos and Cambodia they just
said artists have 30 more seconds and
then everyone's gonna vote on one do you
want to vote on one is there any that
you liked do you like the baby one of
course we found a doctor who won Jimmy
will really like that he loves watching
Doctor Who and never really got into it
though we found an antique shop we
haven't I don't think we ever really do
this but we love antiques lots of jars
and lots of pictures of people in black
and white she would mrs. Ann Christie
actually has pictures like old pictures
like this like as art she doesn't know
them she just thinks they're cool
looking it's actually the weirdest thing
ever want to show you next time we're
there this is cool I mean it looks like
something you'd find like in a dumpster
you know it's kind of strict that's yeah
that's kind of stretching the whole
antique thing maybe just a bit junk or
antique fine line or maybe antique
antique is antique antique am I saying
it right
Antti excited so many times I don't know
if it's right and maybe antique is just
a word for expensive junk where you put
that very I don't know it's just cool
looking cool hat it's like a hat they
were in Titanic oh yeah that looks cool
babe
so this is kind of cool we see you know
who would love this store Phoebe Buffay
I like them
singing sometimes darling fire
they're soft yeah what do you think
nothing my head's too fat I mean no I
mean they're fine yeah
Missy saw this dress and now she's like
in love with it
I think it's it you think this is it
even though we already found it
Missy likes to change her mind if you
guys haven't noticed that yet Missy
loves doing that so many people just
tired I was so you know that you would
never find anywhere else we're just so
pretty this blue one whoa I totally
thought this was a real lady like
standing here that is a fake person
whoa it's like she has a face in
everything nice picture Keith oh yeah
and she needs to wear bra she does
please
okay Lizzy tell me why why did the
mannequins have nipples so yeah well
this is cool shirt huh yeah this is
pretty I can't look at the little
puppies so we came to Target to check
out Charlie bananas and just add to our
stash and apparently you guys were
telling us about a huge sale and they
cleaned them out there's like nothing
left and inserts that's all oh wait they
have the bamboo liners and wipes yeah I
was pretty cool but I was thinking I
have so much thought I can make the
wipes out of yeah okay once again we are
cleaning out that storage room which
basically about every single month
it just gets ridiculous cuz there's six
people in our house this is my room
right now going through everything and
trying to find a place for it and just
make it a little bit easier because we
just we had so much we have me and we're
having a baby
so babies have a lot of things guess
what guys my iMac is all done I had to
send it in to the Apple store they were
actually replacing the entire LED screen
for free cuz I had some defects on it
had like some like yellow spot Ching and
stuff which I was not cool with
especially because I like to keep my
Apple products pristine um
and so I'm really excited it actually
didn't take him that long at all I'm
excited I'm gonna go pick it up
and Missy started this big project
cleaning out the closet so I thought
this probably got time to go pick up my
computer so we have to make this area
more easier to walk in go but it also
gets really crazy cuz this is what my
room will look like for awhile Pharma's
necklace fell off which he like totally
loves but he was chewing on it cuz it's
like it's yummy huh but now he's really
sad he keeps like running to me and gave
me hugs won't karma guys well how am I
supposed to put this back on how are you
doing karma
are you gonna chew on it wait I gotta
try and put it back together cake hard
successful trip to the Apple store got
my hammock back mmm yeah so does that
work for you guys
let me try stop ducking coming John dr.
kramm drop the car drop the car me fall
yeah so a lot of people have been asking
about it and I feel so bad because we
said that we'd get the baby shower video
up we seem to be having some trouble
like I guess with the processing of the
video and we've done it twice now it's
still giving us some trouble so
hopefully we can get that all figured
out and it will be up by the time you're
watching this it turned out so good and
it just showed off way more than
yesterday's vlog did of the actual baby
shower okay so my dad just got done
doing a doing the storage unit and this
is his idea of it looks good I mean he
literally said he is basically acting as
if he's packing a like his trailer or
something my kid he's a truck driver he
just packed it like high and like all in
here so most of those I don't need to
get into so hopefully it won't be a
problem but then this side is like
totally empty so now I've got tons of
space to do stuff so we're going on now
cleaning up the room cuz still a mess
but we had to mash up a bunch of boxes I
went ahead and I threw away the crib box
because I think I think I've made my
decision I'm gonna keep it same with the
rocking chair and something that cuz I
keep those things so you just never know
when you're gonna return something or
change your mind and feel like oh no
this isn't right okay with like Brian
keeps almost all the boxes we actually
have a box of boxes because we sell a
lot of items like iPhones and iPads and
cameras and stuff like that so he likes
to keep the boxes so we have a box
simply for all kinds of empty boxes but
I think I came to terms with the fact
that I'm keeping all the baby stuff so
I'm throwing them away I just got home
and Missy showing me the storage and
crap were to go oh that is
ah there's a spider a very big spider oh
car is your car no don't get it you guys
see that thing probably rescue us yeah
it's probably about the size of a nickel
oh he'll get a hoe definitely get stuff
girl there's nothing wrong with eating
karma can eat a bug a Missy Oh little
bug
alright I don't kill it bugs spiders are
good to eat the nasty insects rah rah
yeah okay I'm done
all right look away guys this has to
happen I'm sorry I just had like a
little mini panic because I went to turn
on my camera and I usually it like just
pops open for me and the little shutter
thing didn't open and I kind of panicked
there okay so I wanted to comment on
some things I keep getting some comments
people asking why I threw my own baby
shower and I honestly didn't my mom did
a ton of work for me and she did like a
ton of like the big stuff but when it
came down to it all that back work she
really couldn't handle so I had to kind
of go in there which I didn't mind I'm
kind of a more controlling person so I
like going through and like actually
decorating and stuff but she was like
the person that's threw my baby shower
and ran the baby shower and all that so
I just want to say thank you so much to
my mom cuz I know that it looks like on
the vlogs like I did everything but
really I just she did so much for me and
her back is just killing her and I
totally don't blame her for having to
kind of sit back a little bit I know she
really wanted to do way more but it was
totally fine alright guys we ended up
organizing a ton I now have my computer
set up I'm just trying to get files that
I've been using on this computer back
over to this computer because this is
still going to be like my main computer
because this is just my work computer
tomorrow we're gonna be some checking
some things off our to-do list that
we've been needing to do for a while so
hopefully that goes smoothly and you
guys will see and hopefully by the time
you're watching this oh I'll have the
other video up or I'll be able to get it
up today because we really want to show
you that baby shower video because I
worked really hard on it and I don't
know what the problem is but
to figure it out and you guys are gonna
watch it I promise anyway I hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog and we will see
you guys manana bye
look how good it looks very yummy I
think it is really good so another one
starting to arrive Jessica's here
without fancy she looks - oh yeah I got
Kelly here already
and so how are you studying yes
