the nasty guacamole that I made way too
creamy and grow oh I came up the game oh
my god big offense you know so far okay
look at how stinky poopy is there you go
oh we were going to me oh my god I did
did you really I did good morning
bumpers I am watching Arrested
Development with little Bailey baby
she loves the show this is a good show
it's not that bad
he's got it going crazy now huh cool huh
trying to vacuum but she doesn't get the
concept of staying on the couch okay
come on come on to the bed
I set it up over here she's got a cool
little doggie clothes lately and it's
cooled xylophone tap play the xylophone
no maybe she'll stay there
Bayley no just got off it was a crazy
day at the office but I'm done another
week done and it is now my weekend so
I'm super happy about that
so I am actually going to work to go
shoot but I took the Prius today this
car is really really nice actually I
totally want to free us now it has like
buttons on the steering wheel which
control the volume that's pretty cool a
call from my boss today
I got a pay raise I got more hours I'm
gonna be working in an office now which
is really cool they're getting me my own
work computer it's really sweet setup
I'm super stoked he said it was kind of
a miracle that it happened and it
totally was because you know Missy's
gonna be on maternity leave soon and
obviously we need more money cuz I got
kid on the way you know what I mean
starts June 1st and I'm stoked I'm just
oh I get it
I got a work laptop they ordered me a
brand new retina MacBook Pro to work on
I was like that's kind of update today
ok hopefully Brian I'll be home soon I
know he's ass still doing something
works in there kinda messy ok I see
Bailey can now get on the horsey again
the horsey ok I seriously turned this
car huh and like you're three times and
I don't know if I have to like hold it
down or just push it or I just don't
know let's go in reverse and see what
happens
oh okay it's moving okay this is my
first time driving the Prius and it's
too quiet I don't know when it's running
Brian's home okay Ryan yeah buckle Akane
yeah
just hold up I know I literally just
ordered the stroller frame and I got a
notification I think yesterday saying it
was on its way and it's here so gonna
open up this bad boy probably angry
person package breath hi karma oh sorry
I did just acted with Karma
it's just like a mess of parts now so
those probably have those who probably
hold some importance god I did it was my
hard you ready for that you're right
what if it doesn't okay keep so fun I'm
sure you like yay how cute it is you are
know there's nothing in there can't do
that you know I do that okay karma don't
agree
paws up here paws up here take him over
it guys come on yo you cannot in the car
seat you can't get in the car seat this
is not feeling very well
so we're gonna check our blood pressure
Missy's blood pressure is always like
really low right oh look she's a child
like what is it usually like one 100
over 60
yeah like super super low I'm feeling
really really lightheaded
can't breathe and died from blood
pressure but I just thought I'd
my grandma was a nurse and she'd always
check my blood pressure with one of
these things there it is Wow Missy's
blood pressure very low over 54 are you
gonna put your but your pulse is
actually rather fast 102 my pulse is
fast and I feel like I'm gonna pass out
are you gonna pass out can she pass out
with that well that's actually her
normal blood pressure she's often 90
over 60 at the dumb moons office yeah
that's really not very odd for her um
her pulse is racing but that's just
probably because she's a little freaked
out right now she'll feel good not
having a hard time breathing just
feeling like it is heavy have to get it
getting deep yeah exactly
your friends gonna check his blood
pressure he gets all nervous when it
comes to medical stuff though it gets
all think he's gonna die well you know
what I haven't been to the doctor in
like seven years that's what no
insurance does to you what do you think
you get your blood pressure checked
that's not bad blood pressure 23 over 73
your pulse is 87 okay that's nah that's
not high yeah camera camera where are
you I think I left you in here
ah-ha hi camera I left you in the car
I'm sorry headed to go do some errands
now we're gonna get some water gotta get
me see a butternut-squash cuz apparently
that's the size of the baby this week
that just keeps getting weirder and
weirder normally don't go anywhere
without my phone he found it
no we don't getting or without my phone
but I really couldn't imagine getting
back out out of the car to go get it
how many brownie points does that give
me three three do you guys see this look
how big you look in this dress I mean
you're you look beautiful babe but
seriously it's like it's a really cool
dress - I wish you wore wore that more
she put it on the mornings like I look
like a boat
blow your beautiful just look very big
but I think I am dick tennis
dresses me tight hips look oh no I don't
see that at all big bottom girl
oh my goodness that is just where why is
it this shape we have a package from
Laura and Jackson in Indiana baby boy
uh-huh just a picture of her son Jackson
he is brand-new and he gives a big hello
to baby all he's so cute look at that
oh it says PS boys are the best lookbook
where ever you are my love will find you
and it's a little baby book for him cute
that's time pals oh but these aren't for
you I know they look like they would be
for you I know they would but they're
not
oh there are two little scooters so you
can put them in the bath and then you
like squirt them up that's really fun
sir Carl will enjoy that right thank you
so much Lori is so cute I'm making my
walk and I actually got this cool new
thing it's like a bag and it's liquid
and it's a guacamole mix and so I
figured I'd give it a try and yeah it
looks there was a spicy one in a normal
and I just got the normal one but I
figured it'd be better for my mixer to
use like a liquid mix so I'm gonna try
that that's all I'm doing
last time I did way too much and it was
like super creamy this looks chunky
still I gotta say that it's pretty good
it's not as spicy as I want it to be but
her water really good chili flavor he
also got a package from Delta labs that
she actually sent me some postnatal
pills so I can taste these after I have
Ollie and a shirt that will maybe
actually fit me we'll see I'll guess
I'll let you know
Missy what is this use is your day
you're doing that she even cleaned out
the fridge last night she makes sure to
leave the nasty guacamole that I made
way too creamy and grow oh I came up the
game oh my god
the lid popped off cause it had gaseous
forms forming in it we got
just throw that whole thing away oh can
I can I on it yeah not getting away with
today
oh god you guys it it's like it's got
like a little living ecosystem Missy
there is little tiny people living in
there are you happy this has happening
right here the trash cans full I know
yeah I'll take the trash I'd rather take
the trash out
then touch that nasty slime I didn't
think Missy would like the sparkle moly
but she totally is like eating it that
had like a huge chunks of chili in it ah
look at your boat dangling get fixed up
okay cuz I mean you look classy so you
got it up hold that you have an image to
uphold
karma always look cute at all times guy
mouth let me go guys
this is hot I bought a delicious of
watermelon today I knew my mom made
melon balls there they're so fun to eat
I mean we weren't like perfect at it I
mean they're a little I like these
melons yeah we were just using them I
think it was I think it's like a cookie
scooper we can take these to the pool
tomorrow can we dip them in chocolate no
really my water mine so I wanted to show
you guys today something really really
cool we actually have another design for
the shirts that were coming out with and
I just showed it to Missy and she's like
freaking out it's just like I could cry
like I Series a good cry it's I just
love it so much everything out you guys
carry the ages okay we had to do this
one because karma needs his own shirt I
mean he is a huge part of our life he's
a huge part of our vlogs and everyone
loves him and so we'll probably do a
couple with him but this is just the
first initial design that I did and I'm
gonna show you guys right now are you
excited
get excited I'm gonna show you oh yeah
Darien
karma chameleon in all his glory right
here everything so cute I just love it
so much I just want to wear it if you
guys don't know that is a picture that I
took and we had an awesome awesome
subscriber actually draw this in
Photoshop so that we can use it we're
basically in the process of a deal with
a distributor to get prices cheap we're
going to try and make them anywhere
between 15 to like $18 it is probably
one of your cutest pictures your my
goodness what do you think car who's
that that's you on it screaming hey
getting ready to cut my bangs these
things are getting way too long miss you
got new bangs whoa and they didn't cost
me $80 but you didn't get hurt
well if my mom cut your bank she can cut
your hair too right I'll cut it where's
scissors give me scissors I'll cut it so
cute I just can't get enough of you and
that bump look at that bump you guys
they go bump you actually look like
you're smuggling a watermelon I know
right what's what is that karma is out
of watermelon which car car was mommy
had watermelon dolly a week ago we got a
message from this girl named Serena and
they're from Canada and she said she
sent us this book Oliver he was small
but mighty oh and I guess it's about
this little captain named Oliver and he
rides on this boat it's just so it's
like a looks like a very classic book
yeah but look at those what's so cool
like he's going to the bath and he plays
with his boat and he becomes like a
captain Wow so thank you guys for that
that's soap yeah thank you though that's
really cool bug okay got it huh can't
get it Ryan to the rescue here we go
thanks out I finally have a purpose you
guys are you ready here picture you're
not gonna be able do it good job Brian
has to do everything and then he can
just tell me what I need to stand up
because my back hurts so badly an
addition so much pain today it's been
just I'm in the third trimester I'm
really pregnant
we did eight we did her bump date now
Brian has to do the hard work actually
edit it and put it all together in the
middle of the night because that's when
he loves to edit vlogs no it's not yeah
that's just usually the only time he
feels like he can because we're so busy
during the day that once it's nighttime
that's like the quiet time where he can
actually work so that's why you'll often
see um twit tweets actually of him at
like 4 o'clock in the morning Morrow is
my glucose test I went ahead and I
scheduled the appointment and so
tomorrow morning what after I wake up we
are going to go do it and I'm so
stressing about it I know everyone keeps
telling me don't stress it's not that
big of a deal it's it's just like orange
like an orange drink with too much sugar
but that does not make
feel any better reading the comments
from today are just so funny
from our fake fight that we did it was
so real
yeah we filled with a lot of that 90% of
everyone thought it was real and I will
say that even when I watch it I get all
like like I started I've watched it like
three times justify purchase so I can
see like what everyone is watching and
I'm like stop hey oh it's really funny
if you guys need to see that was
yesterday's vlog so we thank you guys
for watching and we will see you
tomorrow good bye
seriously I'm letting go because I'm
turning yellow why you always do this
literally never at all you never know
how to get anywhere babe I know where
I'm going into what seriously
I understand what you want to drive like
no matter what no matter the result no
idea where I proposed to give you to
always bring you what why are you
guarding this why don't you just drive
I'm
