I think I'm about to have a baby you
guys big offense you know so far okay
look at how stinky - she is closer there
you go it's like oh I'm nice we were
going to me oh my god I did did you
really I did good morning you guys oh
I'm just oh my come on Nick okay wait
okay okay um she's not at a very good
about this morning cuz you know she's
very pregnant
Oh
so okay Karma's gonna do a new little
trick karma I'm still totally on my
blueberry cake look I've almost finished
this whole thing off I'm getting to like
the reject blueberries that are like
mushy are the ones that have stems on
them which I just flick aside but I just
watched the new trailer well the first
trailer for the Steve Jobs movie coming
out in August and it looks so good I
thought it would be kind of weird with
Ashton Kutcher playing Steve Jobs but it
actually looks really really awesome and
it's totally gonna be like a nerd fest
for me when I go see that because I love
Steve Jobs and I love Apple I'm really
happy they did a movie about him cuz he
was pretty interesting dude what do you
guys think did you watch the trailer
have you been following the production
are you even interested in seeing it let
me know I'm interested to see how many
people actually know about it cuz I
don't think it's like a big big thing
you know up come on up up okay go
barking yeah come on come on up you got
to get up it good wait wait wait
like that happy karma Kevin oh yeah yeah
oh you silly really are you doing mm-hmm
he doesn't understand why there was no
reason we just felt like putting out
there okay so I'm getting ready today
for the baby shower instead of having
like a sign-in book when people come in
I'm going to use a bottle and have
people write a little message and then
they'll like tape it low like roll it up
tape it closed and they'll put it into
the bottle but of course in order to do
so I have to buy a bottle of wine and
dump out all the wine and then actually
somehow take this cork out we don't
really have we don't really drink wine
so I don't only like wine over I could
find was on this little Swiss Army
knives and now I got to figure out I can
actually do it oh come on why he's still
up there I wonder how long he'll stay
do popping that bottle okay so just put
this in here right you're living the
chorus of like a million hip-hop songs
right now
oh babe careful
get it get it pop the bottle come on pop
it break it you do it cuz I'm gonna fill
your oh well you know you smell like
wine don't let our dog lick that up that
is just gross is it on you get land oh
man so yeah now I have to clean all this
out get it all smell it like it the
smell of it and then I already took out
the first label as well to clean that up
probably with like some olive oil and
then I'll do this one ooh so strong this
was like a dollar at Walmart so I don't
think it's like the best why I was able
to clean off the entire bottle with like
actually just used vegetable oil instead
of like olive oil that's more expensive
and so it's completely clean and I clean
the inside so it does not smell at all
and so now I know it's just a little
looks I'm gonna put some sand to at the
bottom of it and maybe a couple of
little small seashells and then they'll
write their message on a little piece of
paper and drop it in and then I'll be
able to just quote still a little wet
I'll be able to just get it out because
they're gonna be like pretty small
pieces of paper they're gonna write them
on this which are pretty tiny and then a
piece of tape so I think it's super cute
and it's just like totally different
it's not the typical baby book and write
your name on it and a stupid message
maybe even have like words of wisdom and
but a bunch of little messages in the
bottle you know how to turn on the light
write it again it didn't work
whoa you turn on the light with your
mind you turn it up now try it again
are you psychic
oh wait try again it's not working you
really got to work at it there you go so
you got to put a lot of energy into it
you know what I mean
CJ psychic you guys Bailey can you do it
try and turn on the light try and turn
it on oh you're getting good at it
that's it that's not how you do it
that's not how you do it Bailey wow it's
so nice so it's so breezy and hot and
warming I love it my socks are metal
they were in the alley they're like a
flaming volcano so we're headed out
today to get more stuff more little
detail items for the baby shower cause
it's tomorrow
my favorite shower is tomorrow I'm so
excited um which Brian is going to do a
little special video for my channel for
so you guys will get to see more
probably on my channel and then
obviously our daily will show too um but
I'm getting really excited just kind of
pick up some final stuff a lot of the
food you know um we're not like lots of
different fruits and
I gotta go buy all that guys are
probably wondering where Brian ends up
putting the zombies oh he's hanging
right here it's actually kind of cute is
his arms like come up though we're
shopping walking subscribing some stuff
but Missy feels a wetness so she's gonna
run to the restroom make sure
everything's okay I think Brian's dressy
Missy one of your water broke you don't
know that everything's okay
I'm gonna lie in a little while
are you okay I'm sure no baby pregnant
and stuff sometimes comes out I don't
know okay so we're picking out a water
bag I think we got a good watermelon
I've never it's always like a camel like
my dad always watermelon prick things
yeah my dad always just watch something
you guys think it's good it's impossible
to know so if anyone has any clues or
tips on how to pick a good watermelon
please let us know
that is a lot of meat shoved into a
little tube oh man Missy just saw these
and booked it which includes that Lee
was right by the olive bar
we just found moonshine you guys at
Winco it's just a normal grocery store
look how much it is 20 bucks but I'm
really interested because it's apple pie
moonshine it's really good
that's crazy right so is it like beer or
what is it it's alcohol
what is moonshine moonshine is like
really high alcohol liquor risky I don't
know pretty high yeah not like that do
you drink it or you cook with that you
shouldn't drink that just this week I
got hammered last week out and do it
again
yeah last week was crazy I was like you
probably won't be doing this you're kind
of pregnant we just got out of the
grocery store I'm putting groceries away
but guess what we're gonna do guys
can you guess we're gonna get dirty
that's right I'm getting dirty right
here in the parking lot getting my dirty
on what you're weird so this morning I
was like in the most agonizing pain
because I was having a leg cramp and I
grabbed on to you like with my claws
yeah I don't know the bed and I started
like almost screaming just trying to
wait for it to go through you nothing
not do you remember this I don't
remember anything
yeah you just dead asleep no like oh
like that and I was trying to stop it by
bending my foot but it literally was
lost like I could not find it like maybe
I'm doing it this long legs there's also
obviously so I went this way and I was
like oh my gosh I try to go this way was
so painful and you were
nowhere so that's why you were like
really company with me this morning
probably we just grabbed a big ol
sandwich at Jersey Mike's we get a huge
giant one they cut it in half it's still
like a huge sandwich and we're also
getting dirty getting dirty right here
you guys right here on the patio
right you remember the last time we were
here my god
the biggest hair in the middle of our
sandwich she was so discussing it took
us a while to come back sorry I'm not
supposed to talk about it
this is where your necklace still isn't
giving you energy perfect it's supposed
to give you energy and what else make
you feel secure does that make you feel
secure but my back always was really a
bad name yeah I'll think about it but it
is also it just looks really cool we
just finished up some dinner and Missy
ran with her mom to go pick up her
little sister she was hanging out with
her friend but look at this table you
guys this is all the stuff for the baby
shower tomorrow so we've just been
getting everything prepared and ready
and Missy's got like a little order of
events that she wants things to occur in
though we're gonna be getting prepared
most the night we're also gonna go film
Missy's bump date um I just saw this
twenties like a table of all baby shower
stuff boom and I actually was making a
couple signs and my graphics and stuff
too to display for the actual baby
shower also boom little dark in here
let's go in the room what so we just
went and picked up my sister she went to
see Superman at the theater
oh wait man steals a tennis ball okay
anyways something really scary happened
hurt while they were right in the middle
of the movie like the like was it like a
white strobe light yeah I was like
blacking the flashing Sherman said
please evacuate the theater and she had
to like they all had to like evacuate
and leave and I guess it was really
scary cuz you never know these days is
you just it's like was it like
completely crowded yeah pretty crowded
and we were only trying to get out was
it like a lot were they with people
rushing or we know people were much
people everyone was calm but it was just
like slow moving yeah yeah so apparently
though it was a false alarm but of
course it kind of freaked her out cuz I
mean that scary I'd be pretty freaked
out too misty was just telling me she
has 2499 followers on Instagram and she
has yet to do an Instagram video you
guys I don't know what to do I'm not
really creative like that Missy but
you've done vines before you can do an
Instagram video it was like been like
two weeks since I didn't binding and I
never can think of something to vine and
it's like so confusing it's like
Instagram that should I find this I know
it's like this is total for all problems
when something is happening in your life
you need to make a decision is this
something I tweet is this something I
post on Facebook is this something I
post on Instagram or is this something I
make an Instagram video for yeah
oh and do i vlog this wideness do it
Instagram this do I find this do I put
on Facebook like oh there's way too much
for us to think about now yeah so I just
I just cut out the vine I'm like I'm
either going to vlog this or take a
picture of it usually I just log it
don't forget it so iam are mm-hmm
sorry last week we after we got done
with the bump date I really didn't feel
like getting up and putting the tape
measure into our normal spot and so I
thought okay Brian I'm gonna put it
right here don't let me forget and then
we had a little bit of a panic moment
because we couldn't find it where we
normally put it which is under there
we're doing our bump date right now yeah
we just have so much going on it's like
really good do you know what do you know
that my baby shower is tomorrow
my baby shower holy shiz Nez yeah are
you sure that's appropriate thing to say
Chiz miss she this is appropriate right
you guys I think I'm about to have a
baby you guys okay so brian is setting
out so I thought I would open one of the
packages that we got today from Caitlyn
in Texas Oh little picture frame or like
a little frame with O on it it's got
sail boats and Helms
and anchors on it so cute what a good
job Thank You Kaitlyn I'm gonna go ahead
and end the vlog because it's late and
we got to get to bed we have a super
early morning tomorrow tomorrow's the
baby shower oh that's gonna be fun
and I'm gonna be shooting all day I'm
gonna be vlogging I'm gonna be taking
pictures and I'm gonna be doing video on
the nice camera for a really special
video that I'm putting together from
Maci so you guys are definitely not
gonna want to miss that but I hope you
guys had a really great day and as
always we will see you tomorrow right
are we blogging tomorrow yeah I think
we're gonna be too busy to vlog you guys
I'm just kidding of course you're
vlogging all right I got to sit down and
edit and we will see you guys tomorrow
bye
what are you doing do you - -
you guys have to get to pay which car
stars is it this one
