oh yeah pull music hi how can I help you
hey um I had a question I am planning on
giving birth there in a couple of months
and I plan to take the placenta home
with me I need to know if it's going to
be an option at your hospital big
affects you know so far okay look at how
stinking cute he is there you go
oh we were going to me what what I did
did you really I did
halo bumpers I'm about to make some food
I am just making some sweet potato fries
but I need some foil and karma
well hey karma hey comet how are you get
off the counter how about you go off the
counter karma hates it when we get the
foil he's so afraid of the foot you know
here oh what's that
this is soil come on we got coach we get
out ah
he really likes it well for some reason
I don't know why if it's the sound or
like or the light it reflects light nope
nope no oh sure salt it's made for
Passover yesterday Passover I also put a
little bit of Shin Amman on my sweet
potato fries with the salt missies home
you like the little Asian smile she gave
you guys you're like a million people to
call right now we have insurance
hospitals doula doulas trying to get
things done by the way
did you see that in my vine yesterday
someone commented and said hey is bryan
say like mimicking your words or like
cuz in the vine cuz member i'm standing
like this uh-huh
you're behind me saying my word what's
real yes and they're like oh my gosh i
caught it it's seriously all like
subconscious i have no control over i
don't know what it is but a couple
people in the comments even have caught
it mm-hmm i am planning on taking the my
placenta home with me is that going to
be an option at your hospital what you
do is call the women's center
let me transfer you hi um I had a
question I am planning on giving birth
sir in a couple of months and I would
like to take my placenta home with me
yes one second
okay don't you love this being
transferred back and forth oh yeah
pull music help you hey um I had a
question I am planning on giving birth
there in a couple of months and I plan
to take the placenta home with me I need
to know if it's going to be an option at
your hospital yes it is there's some
paperwork that you'll have to fill out
but yes oh yeah okay people that have
taken it home before okay great Monday
yay we can take our placenta home this
is the best day ever so we have like a
million text messages saying that we
have packages waiting for us
you guys apparently have been sending us
a ton of packages and we've been really
slacking on picking them up so we're
gonna run to the post office and do a
couple other things I am super excited
so bad what I know I'm not missing you
always know Missy was in my car when the
seats like way up it was hot in here
it's Evan honey yeah it's effing hot in
the car don't fit estimate Li okay Missy
doesn want me to say anything anymore
should I not say did not watch this they
don't want to be saying that I think
you're right I probably shouldn't say it
so I'm gonna try really hard if you guys
if you guys hear me saying it from here
on out you can yell at me in the
comments okay I give you permission to
yell at me in the comments Christmas you
in amen
this is from Laura Gerber or Gerber
jharvard by the way sure I have to say
this huh we have like the worst time at
like remembering how to pronounce names
and we've probably said this person's
name on our u2 on the on our video like
maybe three or four times we said it
yesterday crazy for jeder we always say
oh and she always tells us is crazy for
Jeter Jeter like we've said it probably
three or four times every single time
she's like don't worry about it it's
crazy for Jeter though and I'm like okay
I'm gonna
I remember that and then like every
single time Brian does it he says crazy
for Jenner
so does like a fence to it I'm super bad
with me we W I was in the middle of
opening my package did you just use bTW
yeah I interrupted Missy Missy I'm
always excited to connect with other
cloth diapering mama so here's a little
something to add to your new boards - I
like it it can't wait to see that
precious bundle you're cookin Congrats
I'm due with our second baby about a
week after you Thank You Laura and
Savannah and we will definitely say hi
to karma for you guys where is karma ah
the green one it's a alpha although we
don't that's so cool I've been wanting
to look at them oh my gosh wait we were
okay I just realized something we were
singing the car trying to figure out um
what any was so that we didn't say it
wrong in the vlog and look at the back
of the package oh that's so cool even I
know Wow okay so it's just lovely Kansas
oh it just looks so organized and so
excited oh it is my turn back off it was
a lot of moving for this pregnant 7
she's about to pass out so this is from
Florida and they put a little Gator on
it which is really cool
I always watch CTFxC and they live in
Florida and they like always running
around on his golf cart running into
alligators alligators yeah there's
alligators and crocodiles in Florida I
thought there's a blue one we're really
we're trying really hard to open your
package right hang on hang out I can do
it this is from dariya dariya it's Daria
Daria Daria like the MTV show okay Missy
and Brian so happy for you both I
absolutely loved watching both of your
channels we are also big fans of karma
I'm so inspired by your story and think
that you guys will make awesome parents
my boyfriend and I have been in a
relationship for the past five years and
we're also highschool sweethearts are a
huge inspiration to many young couples
please do not stop making videos ever
five years
boyfriend and girlfriend for five years
every time I hear stuff like that I
always think of if you liked it then you
should've put a ring on it make him put
a ring on it
here is her mom which is her best friend
it's cool having like a picture to who
you guys actually are because always are
like like profile pictures you know
little sign this is all home and guess
what she could wait this is actually for
karma he's gonna freak Asad monkey oh
sure
so these are all Toma so this is a
little monkey urban areas who's that
with there with this it's yours boy
better don't turn that up right away
he's like it smells funny
this smell like other doggies how'd you
name on it
good boy
don't chew it up don't eat it I really
hope that lasts more than a couple days
this next package is from the wood
family from Old Town Maine oh yeah mean
dog was on the box she drew a little key
with the wings on it and said do you get
it we're huge Harry Potter friends
you're all Harry Potter nation represent
got us a cool little drawing Maine
lobster baby rattle oh cool he's not for
you boy that is not for you oh we have
this awesome hoodie nice got some
blueberry bliss jam Maine made blueberry
jam from Maine I love blueberries did I
have I said that I love blueberries on
the vlog
I don't think I've ever had blueberry
jam that's awesome and it's made in
Maine which is cool cool little
sweatpant
oh and look at this super nice blanket
gorgeous it's so soft
karma no
crema what happened what happened it's
it's like shopping him back again that's
seriously less in luck 5 you thinking so
he's like really saying sorry but oh
look at his I'm mutilated now are you
happy are you happy look what you did
are you happy
say you're sorry say you're sorry karma
give him kisses give him kisses ok I'll
accept that I'll let you hold him but
you have to like play with him be nice
to it you're looking at him waiting till
you can tear a stuffing in aren't you
maybe he just wants to squeaker okay
there's the speaker no he doesn't squeak
now will you play with him
I wanted I was also going through some
comments on my article that I wrote that
was released today I'm still standing
and I'm just I'm so overwhelmed by all
the love you guys like I think the
article has like four over four hundred
likes already alone like just the
article which is insane now that I have
still-standing magazine like I'm super
stoked to be writing for them and I will
be releasing like my own sort of column
every month so next month you'll have
something to look forward to for me to
read and if you guys actually want to
know when I release those you can follow
me on Twitter in the description and
I'll always always send it that way too
you haven't seen the article you can go
in the description I'll link it for
today also so you can read it karma is
still feeling bad after his disaster
with the sock monkey huh you still feel
like a bad Pope you want it's okay I
know you can't control yourself you know
just um yes I did just kind of finish up
my birth plan great website matter mom
oh yes claims that the reason is because
if you were to place the baby on my
chest all the blood will then rush to
the placenta and then you have a problem
which just sounds crazy to me
yeah thanks Missy money - okay bye-bye
I was cool yeah conversation we shared
um about Missy's YouTube with the doula
because if Missy gets a doula one of the
huge things that she wants to be able to
do a video with them on the channel at
least maybe a couple so that you guys
almost get to you know what know exactly
what a doula is and what they're gonna
do for Missy and stuff like that so need
to make sure that she's down for that
and she sounds really excited but we'll
see what happens
so I'm headed to state are brothers now
which if you guys don't know it's
actually a grocery store I understand
that we always call it like skaters or
stater brothers and I got like an
Albertsons we just pulled a chicken out
of the oven and we have no gravy
and it's hardly mashed potatoes without
gravy so and we are having chicken as
usual and what else mashed potatoes and
Brian is off the store because who can
eat mashed potatoes without gravy I can
usually handle it but Brian really
really wanted some gravies run and grab
some gravy and my hand is stuck my hand
always get stuck like I'm vlogging and
so I have to like take out the keys with
this hand and then I I put my hand
through the thing and then I have a fat
hand this person has a deathly hallows
thing on their car that's so cool also
my windows are really dirty sorry about
that actually just finished my dinner
but I actually party eight yeah Sue's I
couldn't wait for the gravy I just want
to show her from the store I was really
hungry
I really want some artichoke though so
we're gonna make artichoke as like our
dessert I guess somebody asked me though
today how we make artichoke and so I'm
going to show you so first off you have
to cut off this stem you'll have time to
call it cut off the stem just come on
stem artichoke yeah okay then once you
have the tip off which that wasn't a
very good cut you're gonna go to all the
Leafs and you're gonna cut off that
because it's kind of pokey and we also
aren't very adventurous so some people
might put like balsamic vinegar in here
put something crazy
I literally just steam it and then I dip
it in butter and mayo this goes like
that and then you steam it for like an
hour and then it's done Karma's all
passed I was sleeping on the bed look
even has pillows down for his head
homeboy I walked in here and he was like
hmm trying
move around the room right now just
going to try some different options and
different ways to see what the right way
is I definitely you know I just really
feel like it's important to have the
yeah cuz it's good we're gonna be
diapering and anchors got to be near the
diaper pad hey are you trouble no I got
it do you need my brother hell I got it
I just love how everything matches so
well I thought um you know okay you
can't really do much my yeah it's
definitely different gonna take me a
little while to figure out I love it I
cannot wait to do my like nursery tour
so I can like show you how it organized
everything I'm so excited for all my
videos coming up I used my handy dandy
tongs and you guys should actually when
you're in your kitchen um have like all
your clothes on here I'm what decent but
if you're pregnant then this is totally
fine okay let's see I can take it out
this is like really done boom it is this
is the good stuff right here oh and if
you know how to eat all right show us
how you do it
you only scrape your teeth along here
and is it is it a requirement to slather
it in a ton of mayonnaise and butter it
is not I think that I've heard most
people just like to put like balsamic
vinegar or other things on it nigga she
didn't like that anyway to make my dip
for the artichoke and I go to the fridge
and I pull out this so if you didn't
know Brian
this buys is cleaning the kitchen like
seriously he hates it like I don't know
how to even explain it and I guess on
his day I got given this to him to clean
so like Brian this guacamole is getting
disgusting
Oh oh my gosh oh my god oh so nappy so I
told him he needed to clean it on his
day I just I just open the fridge and
it's just stuffed in the back right over
here so that he thinks I wouldn't find
it but guess what it's going back out on
his day I'm not saying that it's
disgusting
I'm going to try this interesting little
bottle of blueberry jam that we got
today filling this vlog there's been a
lot of in the kitchen
blueberry jam wow it's really good I
love blueberries I don't know why I
never had blueberry jam thank you so
much to you awesome bumpers for watching
our blog I'm talking with my mouth full
that's pretty much amazing so I'm gonna
leave on a happy sugary fruity note I'm
saying that we'll see you guys smile
thank you for watching click thumbs up
if you want you know happy alright bye
look like Cassie just right back from
the store chocolate whipped cream it's
good ok I know I'm on a diet you guys
don't judge me right okay I'm gonna just
don't even make that face at me on the
test
oh wow that's good dang
