do it go it's almost done he's got that
busy you did not just do that you are a
dirty little hippie so far okay look at
how stinky poopy is oh you're going to
me what you thought I did did you really
I did
nope not a Jedi Master it's brought in
specifically morning Brian I haven't
done my hair brush my teeth eating
anything I'm pretty much like a bum just
in here in front of my computer and I've
just been working and actually going
through a lot of your guys's comments on
our draw our relationship video and I'm
just like so blown away by the support
on that you guys like seriously that's
huge for us
average girlfriend and said if there was
a cutest couple award on YouTube Brian
and Missy would win come on
that's so cool you guys are so awesome I
seriously I look forward to talking to
you guys every single day and reading
your comments every single day today is
a busy day I have so much to do before
Ms he gets home and then after me she
gets home I'm sure she has like a
million things she wants to do hey
everyone so today I am headed I'm
working right now but I'm actually just
running doing some errands and stuff I
just released my 31e pump day and I
gotta say a lot of the comments are
definitely addressing a lot of the
issues that I've been having with my
doctor and it's really got me thinking
everyone is kind of advising me that I
need to probably get a new doctor and
it's something that I've really really
thought about because he's probably not
going to be a hundred percent there for
me when it comes to labor and delivery
I've also started around the fact that
you know he's not really even there
during the labor it's mostly the nurses
that are there I think if you don't have
a supportive doctor than you're you know
sure as heck not going to get a
supportive nurse so I don't know I'm
definitely going back and forth but now
all these comments that are coming in I
just totally got me like oh crap I
really did figure out something I don't
know what I'm gonna do kind of my other
my main thing as I don't know how it
works with like insurance because I mean
I've been paying on this doctor every
week that I go every time I go in there
and so I don't know how that works if
you with my insurance I'm gonna have to
talk to my insurance about it about
switching doctors and if that requires
me to now pay a whole new deductible I
don't really know obviously I need to
figure out all of that and then maybe I
will get a new doctor I don't know but
I'm definitely starting to stress and
today has not been the funnest day for
me and I'm kind of not feeling very good
I'm guy extremely bad acid reflux really
really bad today I don't know it's kind
of kind of stressed into so I guess I'm
gonna have to do a lot of research do
you guys remember during the livestream
when I was eating guacamole well some
fell onto my desk and I totally forgot
and it turns the same color as my desk
and I'm just now seeing it that's
fantastic
are you guys doing a draw my life draw
your life CJ let's see what your life
looks like come here baby
why are drawing acts to me you're
drawing x-men draw um the fire guy you
know how to draw a fire guy does he have
two spines and yes those are his legs
those are his legs yeah Bailey thinks
I'm funny
someone does now where's the fire the
fire should be orange
he likes the erasing yeah so Missy had
leftover steak from the restaurant last
night and I made the most amazing steak
sandwich and I also made a smoothie but
I didn't really make the smoothie in
time because almost my entire time she's
gone to happen things don't really line
up right away I'm addicted to these you
guys had these like every day almost so
I just got home and baby is trying to
sleep she's kind of um she's not a super
happy baby right now
but trying to get her to take a little
nap home Bailey don't look at me like
that
evil eyes she passed out now we put on
Beauty and the Beast that don't take
long at all I'm feeling a little bit
better now because I actually just
called my insurance to talk to them
about this whole situation and I was
starting to panic and stress and they
reassured me that um that I was fine and
that I could switch doctors and it
wouldn't change anything you know I mean
basically I don't know if you know how
insurance is working around here but
basically I have that deductible and
whether I pay it on my current doctor at
a new doctor it doesn't matter I just
have a deductible to pay and I have to
pay that now I'm just on a mission to
find a doctor in my area who is
open-minded and is also willing to take
a 8 months pregnant lady so I don't know
and I also have a history so I'm not
like the easiest patient in the world I
have a little bit of a history and I am
high-risk and so I have to find someone
who's willing to take me at 8 months
pregnant which might be difficult oh my
goodness you guys is so beautiful aside
I have not stepped outside all day
because I've been working at my computer
forever but now oh come on
usually it makes a cool sound it unlocks
and I walk up to him is he unlock the
car cuz you know she's missing it
sometimes she forgets to do things but
we are getting in the car we got a text
message that said we had a package to
pick up and they close at 6 o'clock and
it's 552 so we really got a hurry and
I'm just waiting for Missy and there she
isn't she's got jugs of water so now we
have more chores to do
that's fantastic he gave me jobs gave
you jobs coolness and we're off it's
about to get real Missy grabbed a cart
you guys so this should be fun yeah
I'm looking for a pretty dress I'm not
you guys remember but that one dress and
I turn onto food chic it was like what
color was it
I don't remember - you so isn't that so
bad that I don't remember that's why we
do blogs who ate my camera burger and I
really really liked it and I can't get
out of my head it was also like a
hundred dollar dress okay it was like an
eighty dollar graph nope there's like a
75 dollar dress
it was like a seventy dollar dress it
was like a $65 dress it was like a $60
that is this getting boring okay exactly
so um I'm looking for something like
that yeah hippy Missy coming back y'all
this is why not shop with me Oh what
they say flesh-colored a lot in overseas
so pale we call this peach and in
Ireland they call this blush colored
really yeah so funny
this is more flesh color yeah yeah I
know I just don't look good with
I was like this is cool but it's got
pickled kiss on it
move get it
sexy push up get this one Missy is it
upside down do they where I'm upside
down now you got a ton of clothes to try
on so now I just get to sit here and
enjoy the show the bump fashion show
first one she tries on she likes you got
to do the little fashion walk for the
camera just try now we're done right
yeah now we got to go through all these
it just feel like it's perfect feel like
sweet tart it does kind of look like a
sweet tired
love the shirt the shades are they good
accessory is either like anything is
there just so Hickey perfect I like the
one behind the door and so did she but
yeah now she's saying it's not too
dressy it if I didn't hate it because
there's a lot of my hated it was the one
that I prefer but it's just nine
different I was thinking so it's going
to take me a while to wrap my head
around it or something end up shooting
even looking for dresses for like a
month now okay but not like thoroughly I
have whatever dress I choose is my baby
shower dress Thanks oh my god the baby
showers on Saturday you guys completely
forgot you and Nessie actually matched
today Missy look at so next to her this
color is like same color they're very
similar come on they're very similar and
everything
you know when you were saying that you
looked like a sweet tart but you always
look like a sweet tart because you're so
sweet
then some water I was just thinking do
you guys think we're hippies do you
think we're hippies because we reuse
water bottles so we like go green
I just bought a Prius we're cloth
diapering we live in California and
California's full of hippies we could be
hippie
Missy what importance
do you know how hard it is to get it
lined up so that it's just right it's
not that hard
do it go it's almost done he's got that
busy you did not just do that you are a
dirty little hippie so we just picked up
dinner for the family also good our car
smells like Albertsons Oh ours is like
the best place ever headed home now I
want to tell you this funny story when I
was at I went to lunch today and I our
water bottles I have to be seat-belted
in yeah Brian's a crazy driver
just kidding it's just kind of a flop
around so I went to lunch today and I
ate lunch there and then as I was
leaving I had to throw away my stuff and
so I went up to the trash can with my
tray and I didn't realize that there was
not a a trash can in the in the little
cupboard so when I dumped it it just
literally right onto the floor luckily I
didn't have a drink it was just food but
I was like God Cup and so I look around
and all there's like all these guys
there's like guys like sitting at tables
there's actually an employee standing
there and they all saw me do it and I
felt really really bad and so I of
course got down and I started cleaning
it all up and I was so mad no one no guy
not one guy came up to me be like oh I
got this for you don't worry about it no
one I just had to sit there a minds
pregnant picking them trash off the
ground and then this little old Mexican
lady came to me she's like oh no mama oh
no and then she like came and like
picked up the judge I was like I'm sorry
she was
oh no mama it's okay and then she gave
me a napkin and told me to go I just
couldn't believe that no one standing
next to me they all saw me I'm like
hugely pregnant and then just like pick
up your trash and I'm like that's a
bouquet so messed up people these days
this is cutting up some French bread and
I'm about to make some Caesar shot and
then we also got wait where's the
chicken okay I found it it's okay we got
a ton oh so we got this awesome package
today from Kaitlyn and Vermont and I
show you some of the items she got us um
she got us this neck support left for
Oliver which is super cute mm she also
got us some 12-months clothes which are
perfect for him and of course our monk
she also got us these um stop karma
buttermilk pancake and waffle mix which
looks super good we can't wait to try
those and then real Vermont maple syrup
to go with it yeah we love real syrup so
this is really cool and then probably
one of the coolest items in here is the
authentic Vermont bear this is crazy
this is like a real live well not live a
real Vermont Teddy Bear like it's insane
all his limbs move
it's so perfect for all a like it's just
like it's just like the classic teddy
bear so cute and harmik thinks it's his
but he will not be allowed to play with
it but it's just so cute so thank you so
much Kailyn like seriously all this is
just adorable and we especially about
that teddy bear yeah this is crazy
so I've been working throughout the day
on something really cool which you guys
should be seeing right now on our
channel at youtube.com slash daily bumps
it's a new banner check it out I'm using
the same old pictures um which is fine
for Missy and karma but me I definitely
need to change my picture I have facial
hair now I'm 40 pounds lesser so I'm
gonna see if I can get Missy to do a new
picture of me tonight so let me know
what you guys think of the new banner
and hopefully I'll have a new picture of
me up there Missy we took my picture oh
my head looks super big from this angle
so I'm gonna try that and throw that
into the channel art so if you go to our
YouTube channel and you see it there
then I did it and I was successful so
I'm gonna work on that and I'm gonna go
to bed tomorrow's my first day in the
office at work so I'm super excited
and tomorrow Missy has the day off
because she's super lucky she's sitting
right in front of me but she's just in a
shirt so I'm not gonna show you to her
and quit thinking about it anyway I hope
you guys have a really great night and
we will see you guys tomorrow
and you look all nice with your collar
you go burgers Rishi tomorrow that's his
boy I can't do an Australian accent for
the life of me Hong Karma he's like he's
like yeah why do I sound like a clown
all right you gotta jump in this is so
cute
you like that
barely you shall cute
