know if you can tell but there's like a
squirrel in the middle of the road might
actually be alive oh gosh
yeah it was not alive big effects Tina
so far okay look at how speaking to PS
oh we were going to me what you thought
I did
did you really I did
good morning everyone so we are heading
to my doctor's appointment super early
as Mito by name is like half asleep
hi but hopefully we are able to get a
lot of questions answered so I want to
get my birthday night figured out and I
can't until I figure out all the rules
and what he allows and all that stuff so
that's what this appointment is about
just got back from mrs. dr. Khoi Nghia
and we're grabbing some lunch but look
at this salad you guys it's like I look
at these huge pieces of strawberries and
it's a Asiago berry all many solid iron
it was the salad and had the lowest
calories so I got it somewhere at
Wendy's the doctor's point went really
good and actually Missy's dumped her
doctor even she's telling him about
doing the placenta encapsulation and
he's like and what does that mean to you
and we were like huh it means I was
going to encapsulate it and consume it
he's like okay so I thought you were
gonna like capsulated like berry in your
back yeah like he thought we were doing
a time capsule what's anytime likewise
we're heard of ever like he was
seriously like what so and then he said
he was like well
you're gonna have to talk to the
hospital about it but I wouldn't tell
them that you're planning on
cannibalizing it your book
2013 okay we don't like not on our plus
sense where the camera of is me I was
wondering how long she'd scared it like
that oh yeah you should probably get
miss you the keys that's the problem
with the Prius wait so what would happen
if she just drove away the key with the
keys oh really
kissing this he has to go to work now I
don't want it too this is a couple hours
of poop in every to half hours
you're literally only going that for two
and a half hours yeah have you kissed me
actually can't really leave now bark
come on kiss me okay
I'm on today's video the huge pregnant
belly video and we got this comment from
Erin J and this is what she says a
normal Missy and Brian day in a nutshell
one Brian sleeps in to Missy goes to the
work / doctor three out to lunch for
drop / lose the camera five Brian does
something work-related six-car vlogging
7 karma doing something cute 8 it's such
a nice day 9 go out to dinner 10
packages 11 Karma's head tilt to treat
or park and 12 by e um yeah so funny cos
it's so true oh my goodness okay so um
uh sleeping in check as you can tell my
name is I have to sleep Missy goes to
the work / doctor
you're literally only going that for two
and a half hours out to lunch grabbing
some lunch but look at the salary day so
I guess we're on the part where we drop
/ lose the camera is good can't fun I
threw it over here I can't find the
camera oh there it is I lost you oh oh
oh oh oh I drop
I dropped the camera okay so that was
number four um we got a couple more
which will probably touch on it's just
so funny I mean obviously I mean that's
easy to say - like predict what we're
gonna do I totally don't take offense by
anything because I can see that in a lot
of other daily vloggers as well but it's
just so funny that someone actually did
that so thank you Aaron for bringing
this to my attention all right I gotta
clean the room real fast and then I
gotta go to work come on what are you
doing
he always freaks out come on come here
great success I got all my gear I mixed
all of my most toys and stuff and right
now I am added to work so makeup here's
your work related Friday talk about
doing something about art well actually
I'll start putting little check boxes at
the bottom of the video so we can meet
every single one of them so here put a
little bit of sound if there's a sound
effect then that's even cooler cuz Brian
you are on your a-game and he's really
pumping it up with production value in
this vlog so you should totes thumbs up
this video if someone today was telling
I commented crap I need their name I
can't just say someone that would not be
fair looking I'm looking I'm gonna crawl
this house fine
okay so this comment today was on
yesterday's vlog from Michelle Michelle
in in a Seth Mitchell I'm Seth
Mitchell Edessa I'm probably totally
butchering this yes this is really
random but does your arm ever get sore
tired from vlogging or and holding the
camera up in the air yes it does and I
was just holding this camera well I was
looking for your comment so I give you a
shout-out with my arm for like a whole
minute and a half and yeah I'm I'm
starting to shake I'm starting to get a
little little sore I am at work now and
I'm like super crazy busy I'm trying to
get everything done so that when I leave
today I'm not coming back until Tuesday
so I have to I have to like I have like
just like a billion things are doing
it's like crazy at the office and my
boss is like um well if you don't get it
done you can come in tomorrow and I'm
like I don't want to come in the mob
this is a huge pet peeve of mine so all
these people got into a car accident you
know they're all in their phones getting
information and stuff and we're backed
up forever because everyone slows down
even though they're like way on the
other side of road I totally understand
how it's like being nice and poor and
doing and going slow but we're literally
going five miles an hour and I'm gonna
be late
that's why that's why I started I'm
gonna be late I just got off I'm so
excited I am
official I am starting my four-day
weekend I cannot wait to go on maternity
leave I feel like I'm constantly working
always just about work kind of stuff and
I'm just so excited to
go on maternity start really focusing on
my baby plan and all that and I'm really
just excited to take care of my baby and
hopefully I'll get to be a stay-at-home
mommy I really really really just want
that so badly I'm just praying that that
really gets to happen
oh no squirrel no it's not a baby
squirrel I think I have to go back and
check all right here you go first time
you get to experience when I see an
animal and if it looks helpless or like
something's wrong I have to stop and I
have to go back and that's actually
happening right now I know if you can
tell but there's like a squirrel in the
middle of the road might actually be
alive oh gosh yeah it was not alive
about a year ago I actually found a baby
squirrel and I took care of it and so
now I really love squirrels boy boy okay
goomer
oh honey so I just got back from
shooting actually the same time as Miss
Eden and I'm going down the list of
things we did karma needs to do
something cute so make him do something
cute it's coming
hi Cara thank you anyway
we weren't even trying you guys we
didn't even try to do that
wait see that's it so can he feel like
it when we're done well okay I feel like
we need to explain that whole Crocket he
used to have a toy it was a crocodile oh
he still has it
oh my gosh that thing is old hey yeah
that's his crocodile so that's one of
his buzz words that we can get him to
drop things so this is the one that he
thin you like in your right hand my
right hand okay hey stay it's the
lightest colored green ball that one
okay still one of my far-right good boy
he actually feels for like new does
karma did something cute so I just took
my mom to the vet because she needed to
pick up some dog food for Leo my mom
didn't go that stopped by this little
baby place next door that's kind of like
a consignment shop but it's her like
children's things there's all kinds of
really cool stuff like really cheap and
there's a Boppy all kinds of stuff here
really cool cheap stuff when we released
our Mother's Day video to the world I
mean a lot of people picked it up the
response we got from it was really
really cool one publication called
standing still magazine actually shared
the video that was the first I'd ever
heard of them and so I checked them out
and they're actually a publication that
is all about life after loss and
infertility so I started following them
and then I saw a Facebook post and they
were actually requesting fathers to
contribute posts and it was either like
as a guest post or full-time actually
and so I sent in my information I was
emailed back like right away and they
were telling me they would love to have
me write for them so I mean right now I
guess I'm officially announcing that I'm
going to be writing for still-standing
magazine which is really cool there's a
lot of really great resources on there
and it's so it's a really great place
for you know what we're trying to
accomplish just with our YouTube
community you know is instilling hope in
others and I think this would be a
really good way for me to sort of write
down what has been going on in my head
you know because I know that Missy blogs
and we have this daily blog and I talk a
lot you know there's still things that
run through my head that I can't really
get across through this and writing is
one of those ways that I love to to
express myself so yeah I'm gonna be
writing my first post on still-standing
magazine of course I'll let you guys
know when that goes up so you can check
it out
but I'm really excited to you know reach
even more people through another kind of
medium me and my
mom and sister are headed or walking to
my grandma's house but she is actually
we never did anything for Mother's Day
because my mom was just kind of not able
to get out of the house or anything so
we're bringing her flowers and look at
this beautiful day and how gorgeous it
is in California we just love California
so much all right be good realtor -
Tigers now you can't come to Bali you
know you can't bother you connect every
time Marley like yelled or cried karma
was like right there
Oh Cara got Marley I'm feeling pregnant
are you gonna do your whole video like
that I really would love to I think that
that would be appropriate
come on no no boss go get it major alien
life move oh really
yeah like major we're gonna have to
catch some soon on the really nice
camera of him like going crazy it's
already recording audio running video
they don't know what video you're doing
this is a stressful it's stressful one
yeah but it's something that Missy's
been working really really hard on hello
it's not an ice-cream
okay you do this I'm gonna go so you can
think you got your mom have fun I love
you so Missy's actually doing a video
for her channel she's doing a video on
circumcision kind of something that is
hard to talk about online because people
have such strong issues and they like to
force it in your face and Missy's not
doing that at all with this video and
actually she found a way to do the video
and respect everyone both sides and it's
basically just going to be a really good
resource for women who are pregnant to
watch not have to feel judged if they're
choosing one way over another and we
wanted to do it a lot earlier but she
had just mentioned the word circumcision
on one of her bump dates and she had
people attacking her for no reason which
is not cool like that is just not what
YouTube is about so I just got done with
my
I hope it turns out good actually
something funny is that I wore this
shirt but I would never wear this shirt
and probably because it actually shows
my belly so but that sounds like okay
well they can see me in this shirt in a
video because you only see my stomach
and up I didn't want to say about the
video you guys don't attack my way we
just want any naked negativity on her
channel you know and we just we want you
guys to know that it won't be tolerated
and if it happens we'll have to either
approve comments or delete comments and
we don't want to have to do that yeah
for sure I got clear beer how are you
peeing or sleeping on Jimmy's chair get
okay
you're the kid this can't get us get in
a hole you know the kid is cat we got
pizza you you you what is this ooh nasty
green thing oh my goodness Oh what is it
is it a pepper Cheney
oh no it's horrible oh it's like a
pickle so this is another checkmark you
didn't go out to dinner but we ordered
dinner so we're just getting ready to go
to the movies now Missy really wants to
see The Great Gatsby yesterday we
actually got a letter from Brittany and
so I just want to say thank you for your
letter Brittany it was really really
encouraging to read and like we
seriously love getting letters and like
reading them and you guys inspire us
even though you guys say we inspire you
you guys inspire us a lot of the time
candy candy candy candy candy candy
candy wise candy at movie theaters
anymore does anyone ever honor that sour
patch kids snowcaps
lifesavers Crunch Bars no mounts
dots Oh nerds you love nerds do you know
why you love nerds mr. Sammon Gary
because I'm a nerd oh you up nerds yeah
I really like sweet tarts but I only
like the blues and it's a dark Theater
so I just felt him go crazy up in there
yeah like painfully in my ribs crazy
okay now we need to figure out how to
get all of this we have three bottles
like three things of candy and we have
to figure out how to put him in the
first so we just got out of the Great
Gatsby and I really liked it she liked
it
yeah it was so it not only was like
really nice to look at but the whole
story was like really cool
I almost didn't like wanted to end it
was just so cool and I never read the
book in high school I think I was
supposed to read the book in high school
but I never did it was really good I
definitely want to watch it again and
I'm definitely going home to download
the soundtrack you wanna get your wish
and get your ball and go for a walk and
go to the park it's always like that
okay we're going to bed buddy it's so
nice out finding any Adams stuff hey
don't interrupt me please take it the
next crannies maybe I would be
often after like to our way like the
worst thing ever but mean brighter
