Hosting and we're live I think stealing
this again over here that still says
starting soon starting soon you think
we'd know this by now but we're still
like amateurs are we using something
different no we are no it's a hangout on
the air no wait actually it's live you
know oh yay oh yeah we're lives
okay sorry about that guys okay this all
again everyone okay and then it's gonna
talk about okay we're a little behind
over there so we're gonna contention to
you guys okay um we're here should we
pause this once yes you keep this open
for comments um if you're on the live
vlog playing page make sure you click
automatic updates oh it's going hang on
there's another me talkie and one of me
talking is annoying enough I ever say
okay so um this is mom are you handling
Facebook and stuff yeah so just watch it
if anyone's confused talk tomorrow but I
think we are getting started here um
what's up guys my name is Brian this is
my wife Missy um and you guys might know
us I don't know um we have a nice little
spread here we've got chips
Emily Maisie makes a baby walk I made
this myself
it's quite spicy but after we made it we
decided that's probably not yeah we're
not really sure in the comments let us
know how annoying this
because I have no idea I'm Lana Lang
also do you guys know when you're
watching make sure you're not watching
on the past recording there's a little
like button and it has a little red dot
if you hit the red dot it'll show you
lie then you can say more in tune to
what we're talking about stuff so this
is really annoying I don't think I'm be
eating cheap stuff lunch we wanted to do
this live blog because we had so much
fun last time talking to you guys
and I thought you know 7000 subscribers
um sure I mean we'll wait till we get
7000 subscribers
and so that was like two days ago and
now I think we're up to like 7400 so
when I am doing these fast enough for
you guys so that was really really cool
um everyone say how funny LSC that we
didn't know ha
yeah word bucks okay so we have the iPad
out and what we're going to do to sort
of on decongest the common area a little
bit which we learned from the last vlog
is we're going to be taking questions on
Twitter so go to Twitter and send us
your questions in a tweet and use the
hashtag asked DB no spaces just a SK DB
and we're going to be constantly
refreshing that stream and answering
some questions for you guys and while
we're doing that I'll get karma so I
can't come oh let's see hi everyone I'm
here
various oh look at that way who's that
oh no not the food they're yin and Yu
looking fancy today everyone says it's
not annoying you can eat oh the chips on
annoying they are there is really are me
I'm seriously so hungry missing I don't
know that in my year was a little
annoying hmm gun okay so we have tweets
up oh pretty nice it's pretty annoying
oh I'm annoyed that I don't have any
that's big
I know the guacamole is really good okay
Oh someone says where's Bob he's right
over here
oh do you guys see him check him out
there's Bob I was just chatting with him
before the livestream started
you know asking how he was feeling he
says he was pretty excited I think he's
kind of a little nervous now so I don't
know how talkative he's gonna be um but
he's here and he's really excited to see
you guys and talk to you and do you want
to say anything Bob
yeah he's nervous I'm sorry guy he's
really not he's really shy you know and
um I just know Carmen you like Bob yeah
never liked Bob ideally but okay he
really wants to eat Bob also just to
give you guys a little update on Bob
he's not very squishy he's still very
firm um and so we're thinking he's still
got some life left oh yeah I didn't
think you'd last yeah you said you want
last to the live stream you really
didn't right now look where we're at
okay let's jump right into some
questions I'm checking out a Stevie I'm
from a little while ago actually when we
first announced that we were doing the
live stream and we have a question from
Britney at bell Britney says Ryan what's
your favorite thing about Missy and
Missy what's your favorite thing about
Brian can I go first no you go first no
you go first
no really you go first um I love that
Brian is so much fun and he is so
invested in me and oli and there's just
so many great things obviously about
Brian but my favorite things are just
like he's just so connected and just fun
and crazy and cool invested on
investment right there my favorite thing
about Missy is I think she's always so
like real and down-to-earth and really
really giving really just like
kind-hearted and um I think that's a
huge thing I always stood out to me from
hers
just how much nicer she is than other
people you know what I mean like you
seriously Missy would give up everything
to help someone out and I think that's
really interesting quality don't have
okay we got another tweet coming in from
at Jess James XO will you blog every day
after little elvers boy also are you
vlogging the labor we get this question
a lot and if you
I didn't know we actually just published
a FAQ frequently asked questions up on
our Facebook page for the daily buns on
that has some of the frequently asked
questions we get all the time this is
one of them we are planning on blogging
the birth we did get the OK from her OB
and I think that will be up as just a
normal daily vlog and then afterwards
I'm pausing but and people might be
freaking out I'm just kidding um what we
really when we started this we were like
let's see what happens after a year you
know um we're on day what 141 and I mean
it's going really smoothly I've never
had it like it's getting to the point of
or it's almost weird if we don't daily
vlog oh yeah yeah and if we were like
doing something fun and exciting and we
want blogging I think Missy would look
to me I'm choking on the checks Missy
would look at me and be like why are we
blogging this like this is so cool
essentially once we have Oliver I mean
we're gonna want to capture us like more
than anything right now we're just kind
of living our life but once we have a
kid I mean that's gonna be like crazy
and we're definitely not gonna want to
catch that so I'd be like Brian catch
this he's smiling right now
I'm shows me a ton of him you might be
annoying and this day good um yeah
Carolyn now there's just playing on Mike
Carolyn Campbell asks how many people
are watching right now just curious we
have almost about 200 people joining
right now woohoo sup guys let's get some
effects in there can I do that I did it
last night
oh oh oh
yeah okay um wow there's a lot of fun
things I can do in here do when I crown
oh okay
we're getting rid of that okay um let's
move on to the next question okay but
just to clarify yes we plan to daily
vlog with Oliver and as for the birth
we plan to bog during like the labor
park we probably won't be sharing a ton
on our daily and then of course on my
bumps along the way Paige will be doing
a laboured labor and delivery story it
probably a more in-depth video of the
actual labor and delivery part and then
also as soon as all of ours born we're
going to be putting out a huge video
announcing him on Missy's Channel um and
we already have really big plans for
that as you guys know our friends Nelson
at the helm in Idaho wrote a song just
for Oliver um that is where that's going
to be premiering and it's really going
to be the first time you're gonna get to
see him on Macy's Channel I'm in so much
detail and so that's going to be
something that's really really cool to
look forward to also we're really
excited for that one really special so
in the comments for YouTube we got one
from Len a 1893 says to all you fellow
bumpers I think it's so awesome that you
are all here from all around the world
this is so cool and this is what I love
about the Internet you guys like we're
here in sunny California and there's
people in Australia there's people in
New Zealand maybe some people were
saying how they didn't want to stay out
that late there's people in London and
UK and all around the United States
um and Canada who are watching this and
who watch us every day and I think
that's just so cool because it's like we
we're all so spread out we all have our
own little things going on um but you
know for like 15 minutes
today on our daily vlog there's one spot
where everyone comes together and
there's like it's like a little
community and I think that's something
that's so cool about YouTube and just
the Internet in general yeah we are
common start okay there yeah see the
comments on YouTube are very slow so
we're sticking in Twitter on YouTube
it's about at least 30 seconds behind it
seems yeah okay so we have one from Jen
at chaos 18 panic that what is the
hardest part of
I see um for me it's not actually that
difficult cuz it's just like our daily
life I'm not doing anything different or
special I'm just going around vlogging
um I think the hardest part honestly is
something I don't even have to handle
and that's Brian having to stay up late
and actually I mean that's gotten a lot
easier and we've sort of like
streamlined it so I don't spend a whole
lot of time like behind the scenes doing
stuff um and really we've gotten to the
point where I just throw everything on
computer put everything together publish
it and I go to bed so I mean it's really
it's becoming so in tune to our lives
that we're not really it's not we're not
really affected negatively by it anymore
it's like it was sort of difficult at
the beginning deciding what do we keep
and what do we throw away and when do we
flog and how long are the videos
supposed to be it's hard to citing um
you know because you vlog so much during
the day and we don't want the vlogs to
be 40 minutes or you know and really
long and boring so we have to somehow
minimize it to 15 minutes a day um and
then hopefully then it's all interesting
and we didn't want too much boring stuff
so and then you just kind of get used to
it you kind of know what to vlog what
not to vlog what's interesting what's
like super boring it and then it all
just kind of comes together and he does
all the magic so to toast okay um let's
see Emma Charlotte accent what flavour
chips are they they're just tortilla
chips what super yummy
um someone at Laura L Smith said where's
big Jimmy
he should be on the livestream where is
Jimmy Jimmy my brother I'm pretty sure
he's sleeping he's actually watching it
oh oh is he yeah he's right i Jimmy hi
Jimmy um at Kay shakes and what kind of
video editing software do you use I use
my Mac and I use Final Cut Pro X for
everything
um at kisses the bird asked for Missy
are you feeling any lower pressure yet I
haven't I feel it all in my ribs it's
all still very very high
I really am really looking forward to
him dropping they go fill a little bit
better for a change
this is changed not that any more
comfortable just a change in the where
the pain is yesterday she was literally
just sitting there and she all the some
was like hold on he was underneath my
ribs like kicking from the insiders so
people yeah okay at uh where's that at
tickled pink said how many kids do you
guys think you want to have I think we
answered I think we answered this last
time I want to Missy wants three and
four oh um but after this pregnancy I'm
just like let's see how the first one
good yeah I don't know I've definitely
enjoyed pregnancy and stuff but I'm
definitely looking forward to also not
being pregnant for a little while so
which is different because I honestly
for a long time with like how soon can I
get pregnant again how soon can I try
and have another baby but now I'm
definitely like I can't wait to just
have all over here and just spend time
with him and you know all that I'm just
trying to manage this okay but stuff
going on I am let's say okay
I Ashley caraway miss care at Miss
caraway Club said what was the hardest
thing for you guys to talk about in your
draw my life not on the subject to draw
my life this might be a bit coy yeah you
guys don't know our draw my life went up
yesterday and it was a really big deal
for us because I think we revealed a lot
about our individual past and how we
grow up and a lot about a relationship
um and there were some crazy things I
got thrown around what was the the
biggest thing I think for you and a lot
in the draw my life I mean we revealed a
huge part of our relationship but I
wouldn't say that was the most difficult
thing that for us to talk about because
it's something
but we are okay with and very totally
understand yeah
understand it but it's probably for me
honestly the hardest part to talk about
was my grandma because it's such a huge
part of my life and it's so it's still
hard I mean even to this day I think
about her every single day and so that's
just it's a hard part for you to talk
about and share about um and I there's
just so much there that I couldn't even
share because there's just so much about
my grandmother I couldn't even tell you
guys all about but she is probably a
huge part of why I am Who I am and why I
am such a positive person because I mean
she just went through such a hard time
through her life and she was always so
so happy and I learned a lot from her so
I guess that would be like the hardest
thing I talked about even though it's
not the most shocking or revealing yeah
I think that a whole relationship thing
wasn't really a big deal for us because
um we weren't we it's not like we were
hiding anything it's not like we are
ashamed of it we're pretty confident in
our relationship and I think that's kind
of just something that it just doesn't
come out not Terro conversation yeah you
know it we were yeah a few were friends
you know if we were making friends it
wouldn't be something that we said hey
just so you know we got divorced for a
couple months
a couple years back and and so I think
that's why it just wasn't a really big
deal to share I'm gonna draw my life but
it was definitely something that we
wanted people to know because um you
know if anyone's in the same situation
they need to know that like if two
people are meant to be together it'll
happen and it happened for us um I think
one of the biggest things for me to
share was probably the physical abuse I
went through as a kid do dealing with my
stepdad um and I think it's such a it's
something that so many people are quiet
about um and I think it's something that
not a lot of people reveal and so I
thought it was so important to share
that and put that out there and just
show people like look if this happened
to you you need to talk about it and you
need to know like look at us and look at
me and look at where I've gone from
there you know it and it's all about
taking life into your own hands I was
kind of like a constant theme of the
draw my life is you have complete
control over your life and you're not
ruled by circumstances and stuff like
that so she I also draw my life that was
awesome and fun and yeah we got more
stuff coming in
let's see @k che asked what advice would
you give to people to start vlogging I'm
trying to favorite and retweet these as
I'm her going along um what advice would
you get to people to start vlogging um I
have a husband who can edit yeah I mean
I don't know about advice like I guess
if you want to talk technical you can
talk about the right cameras and stuff
but as far as you know it's hard because
you have to have the right I would say I
would say that vlogging is a couple
things it's yeah I got to thank you um
it's like it's personality and I think
it's lifestyle and I think that if it's
something that doesn't fit your
lifestyle it's gonna show through your
videos and it might be a little awkward
to watch yeah so I don't think it's for
I don't think it's something that anyone
can just pick up and start doing I think
it's something that you have to hone and
perfect and something that has to fit
your daily life because you don't want
your life to revolve around the vlogging
you want the vlogging or you want to
like put pull-push into the plot you
know together yeah so that's important
it's um
yeah uh Alex Marie 1419 says if all I
moves a lot during the live stream you
should show your belly so we can see
pretty much yeah
is it really gonna lie going crazy
though lately so um at Jo with Taz
seventeen she goes questions but she
said I'm watching from the UK I'm from
Poland love your vlogs that's awesome
hello hi everyone from Poland I'm at
BFFs for life one one two three Missy do
you think baby oli is going to look more
like Brian or you and do you want him to
look more like you oh okay
cuz I'm in a sore subject it is um let's
see I who do I think he's doing look
more like obviously the boy I think he's
gonna look like Brian poor God and then
fine with that but at the same time I
mean you're growing this child inside of
you and you have such a connection with
them and I just I guess I just really
hope that he has a few of my features
because I just I want to have that
connect
with him I guess physically and it's
hard I think that it's a hard thing from
others when they're constantly being
told your child looks so much like your
husband or like someone else you're like
it's my I'm in there too you know so I
think that it's a little bit of a touchy
subject for I think a lot of women um
but also he is a boy so I don't want to
look too much like me Oh see we got a
tweet from Lenny bunny that says do you
think that Missy's gonna be able to be
able to be a stay-at-home mom or go back
to work love your reaction to crunchy
actually work I mean people want to send
me treats this is a predator bTW if you
don't know what I'm gonna do ah but
yesterday I got these pineapple lumps
and they're actually like amazing at it
I had no idea I wasn't like these but
people are sending me a lot of company
with them - hi boys
um people are sending a lot of cool
stuff and the crunchy was definitely
funny but what do you think you're going
to be able to be a stay-at-home mom or
the left work I do think that we'll be
able to be a stay-at-home mom I'm really
looking forward to it and it's just kind
of depends on how our uh you know
financial situation at the point of
where when it is time for me to go back
and if I can do it I'm definitely
finding on doing yours I wanna know
life's pretty when I try to vlog time
trying to eat my pineapple um okay
everyone say hi oh wait I take like
three things uh-huh no I feel like I
know I know I really everyone say hi to
yourself it'll come just wait for it's
taking awhile we'll try that again later
okay let's hear some okay oh um we're
looking ELISA good
I'd like to know if you would read the
name oh sorry um at Dale it down Mina
Mina sorry I'd like to know if you're
planning to do babywearing
um we do I mean to an extent we're not
gonna be we're not going to be like
totally only babywearing that's all you
know um but I mean I do plan to do a lot
of um you know carrying him around and
stuff but I also I don't think it's
going to be what a lot of people are
thinking like I do kind of believe in
letting him have a little bit of space
having him um you know go down for Nags
alone and stuff like that so um it
probably won't be exactly babywearing
but we do plan to do a lot of that uh we
have one from at Sandra McCann 3 um said
did you ever expect to get this famous I
don't think we would even consider
ourselves famous I mean there's only a
couple hundred people watching us right
now um but the thing is is but did we
expect to get this far number
yeah really like when we started Missy's
Channel I mean it was it was unlike a
lot of I think how unlike a lot of other
youtubers star because when she charted
started sharing her story on the bumps
along the way it was like you want
getting like 10 to 15 views you were
getting like a hundred to five hundred
views and it was like where is all this
coming from and we just found out like
this huge need for this community and we
built into it I think that's one of the
reasons that that's been so crazy
um but never did I honestly like this is
all new and crazy and really awesome to
of us um you know I've been doing a lot
I do a lot of stuff videos if you
noticed in our drama life issues talk
about how it's like always had a
camcorder and I was always walking
around and we would always like when we
did special events or like things that
we'd go do as a family I'd always record
it and put it like a cool little video
together afterwards so it was something
that was sort of already in me and I
never really thought about putting it on
YouTube to share um and then in a format
of a daily vlog so we were never
expecting anything like this and it's
crazy and honestly if it doesn't get any
bigger than that store completely fine
because it
I mean we love the little community that
we have so far and Rho would just be
insane yeah but I don't ever think that
we will consider ourselves like famous
or celebrities anything like that it
actually kind of makes you uncomfortable
when people think that we're very famous
cuz it's not like that for us and we
don't do it for that reason you know we
got one from ask Sasha 1986 do you guys
ever have days when you don't feel like
vlogging love you guys
thanks Sasha anything do you ever not
vlogging I don't it's not that I don't I
don't ever feel like not volume all it's
usually like I don't want to vlog till
maybe later at a later time like when
I'm feeling like prettier whore you
gotta have a time where you sort of shut
it off I think yeah definitely for you
and we're known for I literally am
shutting the camera off as I'm comes at
my eyes but I think if I go a day like
there were some days we don't start the
vlog till later and I remember one day I
didn't start it till like 2:00 p.m. and
I felt horrible like I was in such a bad
mood all day and I think it was because
I wasn't vlogging and are you on there
as a mod are you logged in to our
YouTube account just switch if you just
switch accounts and going to ours then
you can buy the comments um and so if
we're not vlogging we're not really
it kind of just puts us in sort of a
bummer mood and so we love vlogging and
it keeps us happy and healthy and well
let's see okay oh uh well I was talking
about this one that's - all right we got
to come on it's basically the same one
from at Briana Alexis she says Missy do
you plan on having a baby shower and if
so what fun things you have planned I'm
probably baby shower next week next
Saturday is my baby shower and I guess I
kind of wanted to plan it a little bit
early um or than usual because I think I
don't know I thought that thirty two
weeks was a little bit early to have a
baby shower um but I know that what was
I saying
Oh
I have a baby shower next week and I'm
super excited on the fun things that I
have planned is um it's gonna be really
really cute it's not going to be the
typical it's a boy baby shower and it's
gonna be more all of his things so I'm
going to be really incorporating a lot
of the different items that we've
received um over the past few months and
really making that part of his
decorations ad for the baby shower and
the fun things that I planned we have a
couple games in mind but I'm not sure
exactly what they're going to be um of
course my mom is the one planning it so
I just I haven't really done a lot of
planning up for it um but also we all
probably vlogging it so you guys can
find out exactly what we get to play and
do okay so at Lydia typer says what made
you choose a nautical nursery thing
Gemma yes it is hmm okay um I always was
like how am I going to choose a theme
for this little boy um but it so came
about in such a weird way because um I
don't know how we came up with the
gender-reveal do you know how we came up
with a gender-reveal video honestly I
think it was just like a historic we
wanted like reveal it with like a stork
trike the stork was sending us a message
like rebelling against the other stores
to tell us what the gender was yeah and
so then um when we did that theme and it
was the ocean we had this really cool
items that was the you know the message
in the bottle kind of thing and we
thought what is a cool way to
incorporate this into his room and so of
course the nautical thing just kind of
came out of that and it also just it has
turned into so much more than just that
I mean now it's an anchor and he's our
anchor and um you know hope and the
firmness that that anchor gives and it's
just like amazing how much it's turned
into um and so I know I I really love it
and I think it's great my plan was
originally not to do nautical my plan at
the beginning was to do more of the
beach themed um the kind of just slowly
turned into nautical themed and either
way we loved it I think it's perfect for
us so yeah yeah
okay let's say it was I'm at chaos a
teen panic said what is the funniest
craziest thing
karma has done karma he's like totally
like laughing right here give me a black
come here come here come on Cobra he
just want this look up here oh gosh
hi boy so what is the craziest thing
that you've ever done karma what's the
craziest thing oh my gosh okay oh my god
one time he had to go pee so bad and we
did not know we lived in this little
tiny apartment and he jumped up on this
like papasan chair that we have and you
started going he was like a puppy and it
was insane we had to grab a huge bowl
and put it under the chair it was always
the best potty trained dog ever became
never because in the house he would hold
it forever and then as soon as I let him
out of the house he would just instant I
woke up he just booked at ramstein he
never had a problem since like months
old but then when we lived in that
apartment we just I don't know we were
just I guess preoccupied going to take
him out again quite a long time cuz he
finally was just like I'm sorry guys I
got I'm always sorry any hopped up on
the counter and he just looked at it
they just started peeing and he just
stared at us and you're just like I'm
really really sorry he just he couldn't
move you just a therapy we were like oh
my god it was crazy
um but he also does this really crazy
thing I don't think we've gotten a
chance to show it but um he gets really
excited when we put on our shoes because
he thinks we're gonna go to the backyard
and play ball with him and so he booked
it outside and whenever he books outside
then he has to go run and attack this
tree so he has this tree in the
background that he'd completely like
attacks every single time we put on our
shoes it's the funniest thing and I
think what I think I've showed that on
the vlog he's like that's like stop
talking about me he can totally hear his
name he's not he's like what is going on
um at la regina 17 Chelsea crane says
have you ever been recognized in public
not yet I made it I don't know I don't
know if there's many people around where
we live or where we're driving and stuff
in this area
obviously people know that we are
County um huh you want to go go what he
really wants a pineapple um I'm not
gonna get to you um and so we don't know
how many people have really seen us or
um I think we did get a comment someone
said they saw us driving I'm not sure oh
yeah someone did say that they saw us
driving but we're not sure if they did
it uh we're in a different car so but if
you guys ever do see us in public
come on choice and say hi and we'll
throw in the vlog I do not be really
surreal and just crazy but it's kind of
nice um when you have you know you're on
YouTube and you know that you could at
least go to store and it's totally not
like that you know it's not gonna be
like weird or you know I don't know yeah
like I feel bad I mean a lot of people
who are in the limelight like they can't
even walk into Walmart and go shopping
yeah and I don't think that would ever
be us yeah I mean I even I mean like
even Judy Travis from it's Judy's time
like she can she can walk into Walmart
but she still like has people on her
because she's big you know and um and we
know I think we want to get to the point
where it's it's simple and it's easy and
we don't have to change our lives
because of it yeah um at maybe seated
ESCO asked you guys plan on doing any
meet and greets I don't know we're sure
I name this is only a 7 K channel and I
mean I know we have lots of people
watching us all around the world I don't
know if we have enough for a meeting we
go what do you guys think why not this
point yeah the we'll see um ah BFFs for
life 1 1 2 3 ask Missy how long do you
plan to breastfeed um I plan to
breastfeed for at least a year really
really excited I like really super
excited um and I really hope that I can
at least do it for a year
um at misty tadesco asked me Brian
what's in your drink why don't you let
no it's actually dive squirt that's all
um oh I just refreshed for her okay
okay it says uh from at BFS did she keep
asking the like we said our giggling
while you guys at the FS for life 1 1 2
3 says Missy is your mom looking forward
to being a nanny such karma oh my gosh
yes of course she is I mean her little
baby's having a baby and she's so good
forward to it she's gonna be Mimi
um and so she always will talk to him be
like Oliver this is your Mimi stop
beating up your mommy so if she's really
really looking forward to it okay we got
another tweet if you guys don't know I'm
we're about halfway through this now we
are taking questions from Twitter if you
send us a tweet with the hashtag ask DB
aske be more refreshing that stream and
just going through questions for you
guys to answer on the air because
comments are going crazy and we just
can't keep up and they're also 30
seconds behind so whenever you guys are
watching this we've already done that
like 30 so we got one from at forever
Zoey 17 do you plan on homeschooling
Oliver or taking him to public school
private school love from San Diego
Imperial Beach Hays oh come on we
haven't decided for sure I'm more
leaning towards homeschooling actually I
don't know maybe or maybe doing like a
smaller charter school I don't think I
really necessarily want him in the
public schools out here gendered
Southern California is known for having
very large schools I always went to a
small school or who is home-schooled and
even Brian Michael we have like 250
people yeah and it would be different if
we were living in a smaller town and
there were smaller schools but I feel a
little bit uncomfortable putting him in
the public schools around here so we
might either do homeschooling or a
charter school or something like that
but we will see all right obviously we
haven't gone there I mean that would I
mean that's like in five years and
that's just kindergarten we got one from
Alex Marie 1419 Alex asked Missy are you
playing to exclusively breastfeed or
pump as well um I plan on exclusively
breastfeeding for a little while because
of course
I'm very afraid of a nipple confusion
that can happen um but I don't see why
not
after a few months I would probably want
to be um breast or pumping so that Brian
can feed and anyone else in the house
can feed and maybe I can get a little
extra sleep at night um but I do plan
exclusively breastfeeding for a while
Elizabeth at kids and mommy 2012 said
what experience are you most excited to
have with Oliver Brian and misty by the
way Brian happy early Father's Day thank
you Father's Day is tomorrow I'm happy
Father's Day to any dads who are
watching um I would just be so happy if
nails we're watching this the ratios are
really small come on ladies get your
husband's watch no not the only one here
their husbands are watching on their
wife's channel I guess okay um I think
one of the things I'm most excited about
Oliver is actually really simple and
probably super cliche but I had a dream
the other night and I literally was just
he was born and oh hang on I think hmm
the comments are okay the comments are
just now updating everyone's saying hi
to themselves that was like 10 minutes
ago that's why we're not doing it from
the comments but everyone's saying hi to
yourself comment in the blog if you see
yourself oh my gosh yeah that's going
crazy you guys are so cool do you guys
know how cool you are
oh my goodness we are having so much fun
of the way Oliver is saying hi to is
some kicks but not gonna be big enough
to show um so my experience was Oliver
uh I had this dream and basically he was
just born and I was literally just like
holding him I think he was just in a
diaper and I we were just laying in bed
like waking up in the morning and I was
just holding him and like cuddling him
and like smelling him and it was so like
it make something super cheesy but it
was just like we were so happy and like
it I think even just that itself um you
know we're not too picky I'm not I'm not
gonna be mad if he doesn't know how to
throw a ball or just wants to go do
stuff with me I don't know it's not like
I I think it's just having him here it
just gonna be so special yeah um O'Neill
j18
as a belated happy birthday to my wife
Caitlin O'Neal happy birthday Caitlin um
at misty Tedesco you actually pronounce
my last name correct no one ever does
that
he probably did it wrong this time I did
I think I had the worst memory um we got
one from Meili grow olive Gracie olive
says trade hybrid school combines small
class with home school probably
something along that yeah is that Mikasa
- my sister actually does a charter
school where she goes to school like
Monday and Wednesday and she does a lot
of work at home they're doing like
almost like a homeschooling thing so I
really like what she's doing it
definitely takes a lot of involvement
with the parents um which I like and so
it might be something like that we do
have some trolls in the comments are you
handling them yeah coolness go away
trolls anyway at Miss caraway Club did
you realize that option while I
mentioned you on their page I always get
so excited with how the popular
youtubers discover you guys yeah we've--
Missy on her channel has sort of
generated um some big mommy youtubers
which is cool and they're sort of
working together you know she had a mom
and natural sent us a picture for the
Mother's Day video awesome Lala and her
are always on comments and talking and
stuff and that's something that's really
cool and it works for Missy's channel
and I'm honestly I want to find another
daily blogging couple who are like on
the same level as us somewhere maybe
close that we can like communicate with
and collaborate with on this channel as
well and it's hard like finding I don't
know like it's hard finding daily
vloggers there I think they're pretty
rare yeah but that would be so cool if
we could find like another couple or
maybe another daily vlogging family who
wants to hang out with us or like call
us or like do meet and breeds or um
let's see something so Quirino I can't
show you I was really hoping to have my
work computer at this time and to be
able to use the laptop but we're stuck
on the desktop but he is looking mighty
majestic here why don't you Instagram a
picture of him time
and then you guys can jump on Missy's
Instagram and check that out let's see
in your boy we got one from at Zoe pren
know who said do you guys ever get sick
of people sending you the same things
example setting the same types of things
like anchors etc no I mean when people
send us things we are so like so
grateful I think it's insane that like
we get so many things from people and
really um I mean I understand that
people like to send us things but we
have so much stuff for Oliver and we're
getting so much love um and like the
anchors and stuff like here's an example
let me let's see where I'm getting with
this we had this sort of beach like
nautical theme and then someone sent us
um
the anchor print and had this thing that
said we have this hope as an anchor for
the Soul firm and secure and it sort of
just shaped our everything
you know what I mean because Oliver is
such a huge hope for us um and that
symbol of the anchor as being that hope
was actually the cool so what someone
actually sent us actually dictated you
know sort of our thoughts behind this
entire thing and everything so we just
appreciate anything that anyone ever
wants to send us a investors insane um
at Natalie Wortley says Missy once bribe
you to cloth diaper love you guys from
Northern Ireland
I mean I'm gonna you post on Instagram
um I think that hot diapering especially
around here is not very common whenever
I talk about it they're like what you're
gonna call it diaper
um but of course it came from YouTube I
watched so many women and I was like
right that is so cool you can just like
um you can just like watch um I'm sorry
you can just caught diaper like you have
to purchase you know a few diapers and
stuff and not only are you saving the
environment you're saving money which
honestly was a huge factor for me I was
like that is so cool and of course it
does require that extra work of laundry
and stuff but I'm actually fine with it
and looking forward to it and so um it
just kind of happened through YouTube
when you watch
there's a lot of things on YouTube that
are very common and because it's just
part of the YouTube culture I guess you
could say or at least the pregnancy um
community culture but in the real world
it's so not normal I mean like I said I
think I mentioned clementa encapsulation
to my doctor and he was completely
shocked completely blown away at one
point we were in a waiting room at a
doctor's office and me and Breyer just
kind of quietly talking and we're like
so when we cough diaper we were saying
some that cloth diaper and this guy
literally looked at his wife was like Oh
diaper yeah we was like what like but it
was just like to his wife like he didn't
think that we saw and he like it's just
like shocking to people because they
don't understand that actually they
think we're using like a piece of cloth
and a pin or so maybe a pig because it's
not my I'm like it's not like that it's
so cool and I think it's becoming more
and more popular
um but definitely not that popular guy
here and people are completely blown
away whenever I talk about it yeah um so
we are taking questions through Twitter
right now with the hashtag ask debe aske
be send us your tweets and we'll shut
you out and answer some questions we did
get a comment so really slow in YouTube
right now if you have trouble um it kind
of sucks can't keep up with us you can't
keep up with us what mom but Jackie
Thurman actually I see a con it says I
say CTFxC needs to hang out with y'all
would love to see Marley and Zoey with
karma that would be so good you guys
should make that happen we can't do
anything but if we had enough of you
bumpers going to CTFxC and say hey check
out daily bumps you guys should hang out
they definitely like that much does alot
yeah and I would love to go to Florida
or they could come here that'd be insane
yeah even Missy's mom watches CTFxC is
like have you heard of this couple CTFxC
they're so cute not like they've only
been on YouTube for like five years so
that would be really really cool um
there are a couple other youtubers the
squirming show would be cool they're a
cool little family um who else uh did
you mention the ciccone 'is this
accountable they're really far away yeah
but we do watch the live TV I mean that
would be really cool if we were to do
something with them I don't know like
this is all like even just saying that
I'm like whatever Brian I'm stupid I
don't know
ah hi ah belle Brittnee asked what is
your guys's favorite childhood memories
um I know I did sort of have I talked
about my childhood a little bit but
honestly I'm some really awesome
memories hanging out with my grandma she
was such a huge um person in my life not
huge like sides but like she just like
she taught me so much you know I grew up
without a dad and she was always there
to like teach me how to tie tie or how I
should talk to a girl or how to cook or
anything like that and so I think one of
my great greatest moments just hanging
out with my grandma and uh you know we
lived in this big house in Idaho and she
cooked me tons of food and I got super
chubby and um we'd have chickens running
around and I'd run around after them and
stuff like that
and I felt like that was probably like
the highlight of my childhood was
growing up at her house with her what
about you I have so many good memories I
can do okay I tell you childhood
memories all the time what's your
favorite story of one guest telling me
oh it's so crazy hang on so Missy grew
up in this area but I really don't like
it doesn't really faze me like she knows
everything everything for her has like
history so we just went to the park
yesterday if you watch today's vlog and
she's talking about how she used to come
down here rollerblading and she'd roller
roller blades through all this and I was
like whatever it's where we live right
now is basically where I grew up and so
every part of this town I'm like oh
that's where my grandma grandpa used to
take me like we have a McDonald's down
the stree I'm like that's where I got my
grandpa used to take me every weekend
and we had pancakes and then like uh
Brian sees a picture of our one of our
older dogs um that way you got a long
time ago his name was boo and there's a
picture of him that is kind of sometimes
floating around the house and it's of
him sitting on a park table and so we
were at the park I was like you know
that's the back show that's the table
that boo is sitting on for that picture
and Brian was like what that's crazy so
every part of this town has tons of
history for me I love living here
because
like amazing but I'd say I lived on a
huge piece of land and we had go-karts
and golf carts and horses at one time
and dogs and cats and me and Jimmy would
always go play and we catch lizards and
snakes and frogs and yeah we just had a
crazy childhood but of course like I
don't know everything we just we have an
amazing childhood it was so much fun and
I just love that we live next door to my
grandparents because we just we were
able to just go over to my grandma
grandma any time we could eat all kinds
of candy and snacks and stuff and so I
just have so many cool memories um at
tanin hell said Missy isn't it amazing
how advanced cloth diapering has come
yeah it is pretty crazy and not like I
said not a lot of people really realize
that yeah my aunt actually cloth I heard
a lot of um older like mom's cloth I
bird and she looked well asked I'm
almost like why is Missy cloth diapering
she's like uh yeah I did it but I
wouldn't do it now
and I'm like look like aunt like look at
this I mean she like these are amazing
she's like oh yeah that's not what I
thought you were doing so yeah that's
really cool yeah um I think one thing
that I wanted I I wanted to say is um
the cloth diapering I guess for me like
from my perspective is I was really kind
of just blown away by how many
disposable diapers go into landfills and
don't do anything and I watched this
video and it probably totally
brainwashed me but I was like dang
that's insane you know I have no
judgment for people who use disposable
diapers I think that cloth diaper has to
fit into your lifestyle and I think it's
something that we're gonna make fit into
our lifestyle but just like I mean were
this earth is like I don't want to get
all political but you know like this is
our home and you got to think that that
poop and that disposable diapers
actually gonna sit somewhere and not do
anything
I can see Wally like um at forevers Oh
seventeen said I want to be director
when I'm older if you have any tips
since I know you're into cameras and
media um a lot of people been sending me
tweets about you know photography and
video and stuff like that and honest
it's something that came to me in a
really weird way you know I was in
college studying computer science and I
wanted to do more media stuff and more
artsy stuff and so I sort of I sort of
threw myself into there and realize that
like holy cow I first of all I love
doing this I'm semi good at it I was
getting recognition from like my
teachers and and my other classmates
like wow you're really good at this you
should do something with it
um you know and I think it's something
that sort of needs to find you and if it
finds you then
just invest and you know there's so much
information on the Internet I did take
photography classes in college but
there's honestly so many resources on
the internet um froknowsphoto is an
amazing one google him and check him out
he has a website and a blog and a
YouTube also and he's taught me so much
about photography getting out of
automatic mode getting into manual mode
um as far as video everything I've done
on video is just from watching other
videos you know if you go on Vimeo and
you watch videography and like wedding
videos and baby shower videos and stuff
like that you sort of just pick up this
feel for you know like something that
your eye wants to see and so when I'm
doing that I'm constantly always looking
what do I want to see what would be cool
what would the angle be cool um you know
and all the technical stuff like
lighting and camera settings and sound
that all kind of comes in later if it's
needed um but I think one of the biggest
things is you got to have a lot of Drive
and you gotta be really resourceful and
use what's out there because you know
photographers these days you can walk up
to and be like hey can you show I'm
gonna do this and they're gonna they're
gonna Snug their nose up and say no cuz
you're gonna take my client base away
from me and I think that's a really
silly thing to do but that's sort of how
the career and the path has gone you
know it's so competitive and so a lot of
people are afraid to share their
insights and so you have to be really
resourceful and and I guess use your own
use your own searching and stuff like
that oh so none here just asked what you
mean what is the craziest thing you've
done as a couple craziest thing we've
done as a couple can you think of
anything I don't know um when at some
point me and Brian
went on a date she took me on this date
and you remember that and going and you
took me to his golf course oh yeah in
the middle of the night no we had to
like sneak over some fences and my gosh
I was crazy no this golf course in Boise
and it it was like this renowned hole
that everyone hikes up to in the middle
the night it was like the 17th hole or
something like that but you literally
have to park far away you're to like go
in a ditch cuz there's a cop's going up
and down and you have to like climb
under fences and like run we were young
and Idaho it's kind of that kind of
place where you can just do things that
it was at the time when the convict was
out yeah and there went all my god
basically you go up to 17th hole and
it's really high it's like kind of in
the hills and you can just see all the
stars and it's really cool and so we
just kind of late and watch soon like I
think there were shooting stars stars
actually that night and so but at at one
point we see there's cops driving around
were like are they looking for us like
we don't we were so afraid yeah we
thought the early friends they didn't
really care about us but actually there
was a convict out running around in
those hills and they were looking for
him so it's really scary those kind of a
crazy thing that we did yeah
I lost my stream hang on
tweet stream we're taking questions
hashtag ask them let's see at Joey ZD
said Joey Joey I hope I pronounced that
right
that's an interesting spelling name when
does your next article and still
standing come out Brian if you guys
don't know I am a contributing writer CH
is still standing magazine it's amazing
it's such a great resource for couples
who struggle with miscarriage or
stillbirth or loss or infertility or um
you know I think it's a really great
parenting magazine just in general but
um I submitted my article last night
actually a new article and I think it's
going up on the 22nd I'm not sure so I
think it's about a week um it's called
deadbeat dad and it sort of talks about
Father's Day and some really crazy
things I'm trying to keep the articles
like I want to share our whole story
through the articles um so I have to
spread a lot of stuff out and this
article actually talks a lot about our
very very first loss that we have the
one that we announced on Christmas and
we haven't really spent a whole lot of
time talking about that because by the
time we started YouTube we already had
so much under our belt
you know um so I think that was really
something that was really good for me to
do is is write about that experience
um and so that should be a player so
check it out you guys were so supportive
on the last one - that was insane like
you brought like the editor contacted me
and she's like you have so many new
readers to the site and people were just
loving your content and they were so
thrilled to have me and that was so
awesome and that's all from the support
of you guys you know just going over
there and clicking the like button in
front of the article and you know
reading some other resources out there
so that was so cool thank you guys so
much for that so that's the updated
today no not later say I submit
yesterday it's be like the 22nd up so
they have me planned now more questions
coming into questions on Twitter hash
had a Stevie that's my little little
thing um all people are tweeting Charles
Trippy and Ally thanks you guys you guys
awesome let's see oh here's some really
funny but actually I'm at digit range in
your 1994 Scott Sandler asked Missy
what's in the belly okay
I honestly am very open to people
touching but if it is a random person in
Walmart no no no I am very afraid
because I see a lot of looks like I
think they want to and I'm like that's
not happening but if I know you if
you're either a friend I'm like I don't
care it all like you can go for it um
but yeah I don't know it definitely
ain't like I I also am kind of weird
though if you are a friend I don't want
you like rub it on me like if you like
feel it like not too much I think
yeah it's that way for other people but
for me I think you feel like I'm not
feeling it I'm not yeah actually I like
she's I was driving and she's like fill
your son I'm like yeah he's going crazy
like usual exactly what's going on yeah
oh my goodness oh I actually just saw me
freshen - oh uh Jordan and yes says what
if Ollie was actually a girl
bump-bump we actually thought about this
um other than the fact that uh ah hello
we have a ton of boy clothes boy stuff
boy these so it'd be a little bit of an
inconvenience um but of course we would
get a girl and so you it's like well
that's okay you know we could handle
that but there is like you build up this
little boy in your mind and his name is
Oliver and if Oliver just didn't come
out and it wasn't an Oliver it'd kind of
be sad but it'd be like almost losing
him yeah it would because we have this
personality in this image in this like
flames and you know and I'll send you
have a girl but at the same time like
who cares I mean that was an imagination
that's that's something that you want so
since like the whole Oliver thing is
sort of already typed would we call her
Olivia Olivia to sort of transition I
don't know I don't feel all the cousin
named Olivia yeah I don't think that
would work but I I mean as far as the
inconvenience would not be that big of a
deal obviously so what
she has a blue broom and yes there are a
few boy clothes for a while until happy
i buy some girl cos totally but that
would be crazy and I'm certain he the
boy every I mean I go to a lot of
appointments every time I walk in there
they tell me oh there he is
yeah so I'm pretty sure baby sure and
we're gonna keep this going for a little
bit longer for you guys we were a little
late coming in um Megan Leonard I see
within YouTube comments uh tweet me
again and I'll see if I can find it
there's so many tweets coming right now
if we haven't if we haven't seen your
tweet send it again hashtag at aske be
and I'll be refreshing right now I'll
just try and go through some of this for
you guys um at yoni 1908 please say hi
to my baby boy his name is Brian - hi
Brian good name and it looks like he's a
little boy that's that's how you spell
it
hey what am i they spell it good job he
likes to dance to our intro that's
awesome
um at Tobin Yolanda missing would you
like to do a baby gift swap with your
subscribers that'd be so cool to find
like another youtuber and like just like
send packages or something I've seen a
lot of people do that from who are like
in Europe to the United it's that I
definitely be interested oh it's marine
1419 I'm going straight through the
stream so if you send me a s KDP we're
gonna try and get through are you
planning on using cloth wipes what are
you going to use I am use a special
solution I think we the our closet might
be I definitely meet you coughs why is
it called cup with let the fur be using
cloth wipes I don't know and they're
gonna make your own solution right yes I
will be I'm kind of been going back and
forth I haven't done a ton of research
um but I do I mean they're gonna just do
like water and tea tree oil um something
like that and just do like a spray
bottle um or I don't know maybe there's
something out that it's a little bit
more convenient I'm not sure yeah I'm at
my Lido boilie Melly joy I don't know
I'm sorry I'm so sorry
how do you think karma will be with oli
um I can't say it's gonna be so much fun
I think he's gonna be really protective
and very um I think he's gonna be like a
like a protective kind of dog
but I think that it's good the
transition has to obviously be East
India and its mission well because karma
is kind of a hyper dog um so it's gonna
take a while for us to feel comfortable
with him around oli but at some point I
know that the transition will work and
then he is going to love him so in that
way I can't wait to see him with Oliver
so I mad Matt PRT Megan Leonard thank
you for tweeting me again I'm sorry how
do you deal with criticism that comes
along with sharing your life through
YouTube I think honestly we don't we
just don't focus on it yeah I mean there
are so many people that love us and
support us um I think that overshadows
any sort of criticism or like hatred
that we get you have a deal with a whole
lot of crap and if we do it gets taken
care of right away
um and so that's something that we're
really good at but honestly like we
understand that there's going to be
criticism because we put ourselves out
there and at the same I mean I would say
like we we're asking for it but I mean
we're obviously not saying hey guys
critique guys we actually just want to
like share something with you guys and I
think a lot of people see that as as
wanting to give advice and tips and tell
us how we need to live our life and
stuff like that and I think that just
comes naturally through YouTube I don't
like blame anyone for that I think
that's something that a lot of people
just think of you know like if you're
watching your favorite show like if I
was watching Parks and Rec I'd want to
be telling the people hey you should you
should do something I don't know like
it's just it's it's weird so um the
criticism is there though obviously
because we're on YouTube we don't focus
on the negative stuff um we focus on the
positive stuff and we realized I don't
really guard ourselves from that too we
don't really we don't allow ourselves to
get into that um because it's not worth
our time or energy um I'm pregnant and
I'm not going to put myself into a
negative situation so I really just am
whatever good we just had a ton of
sweets come in so we're gonna go through
these really fast um let's see really
fast and then I take forever at Jessica
baby five one two one zero are you gonna
livestream for the baby shower
I'm not I just didn't feel like there
was gonna be any way that I was going to
be able to incorporate that into our
video show we'll see it on the daily but
it will be on the daily um at 10:00
inhale if the baby is a girl will you
guys call her Olivia
probably not we already have an Olivia
in the family but we do have girl names
so um at Megan Leonard says have you
ever got to the point you want to stop
daily vlogging no because this order
just keeps in a really good mood we love
talking to you guys and stuff like that
um at Lydia type or Missy are you and
Cassie really close do you like the age
difference between you two um me and
Cassie are close but um we didn't grow
up like I wasn't young and like a like
me and Jimmy were closer because we were
like the same age were only two years
apart being Cassie were seven years
apart so I was out of school when she
was still starting middle school and
stuff but we are still closed especially
now that she's becoming me she's 16
years old so now she just has turned
into a teenager and course so we have a
lot of fun together
Mikey she's cranky at that pal 98 we saw
on your drama life when you got karma
but how did you get karma I'm actually
gone him off the listing um on the
internet I don't know I was like that's
me and I saw his picture and it he just
I fell in love with him as soon as I saw
his face you read about Zach called EB
98 I'm in Southern California now when I
Drive and I see a Prius I'm like karma
when you say ball a lot of you love the
prettiest we are loving the Prius it is
just so much I'm Megan just sue said you
guys ever played a move to a different
state are you forever Californians
Graner it's so funny that she used help
onions because I love best get on SNL
you guys haven't seen a YouTube it it's
called the Californians and it's so true
um we're in forever yeah
um at smash loves you who's your
favorite youtubers I love watching CTFxC
um I love watching ice Judy's life i
watch a lot of its Judy's life uh Missy
really likes all the cloth diapering
stuff from abs and Lala um
who's another favorite YouTube mug you
like oh I don't know I never know oh um
Daniel baby bliss was a really big thing
for Missy like her whole natural
childbirth is really inspiring yeah I
even just do
alright gave me Jess oh did I say that
right
me I don't know I just want someone gave
birth in a tub on TV I'm Lauren like um
at Jordan es said which detergents I
plenty wash your diapers I haven't
gotten there yet
oh and that's seeing birth T watch gave
and Jess what do you think I really like
her I don't really watch her a lot I've
been I've heard of her and I watched her
give birth to her twins naturally so we
know way too much about that um I hadn't
Cahan and are you guys planning baby led
weaning I don't know is that well that's
what um Anna is doing right now on the
flu yes I'm very little about I'm gonna
say I love the way they're doing the
food with Emilia I think it's so funny
and I think that they're really smart
about it
um at Savannah penita some day would you
want a daughter yes I totally want a
girl hopefully some and one of our
children will be a girl
so we'll thing that seems to make a lot
of boys yeah that's true
at Rooney M&Y feed you have godparents
picked out we don't know I mean I would
have even thought about it really would
it be your parents I don't know if your
parents aren't supposed to be the
convict Bob would be if we could but I
don't I think they're supposed to be
like friends of ours that it's like
everyone in our family guys that switch
and honestly our two best friends moved
away to Oregon so cor Mankowski if
you're watching this come back to
California
I miss you guys um I think I want to try
and ask people who haven't asked a
question if you have asked a question
tweet it to us ask D be on Twitter um
let's see
at liens maker our doctors expecting
Missy to go into labor early due to
space country constraints with a
bicornuate uterus um no I mean
everything seems to be going smoothly
and they don't seem to think that I'm
gonna go any earlier I'm hoping that I
at least go into labor at 37 weeks I'm
starting to have my doubts that I'm
going to UM be and I really don't want
to be induced so yeah we're gonna try
and go out but we're we're not expecting
it but we're prepared if it happens um I
see a PFS for life how big do you think
baby always gonna be when he's born you
tell me how big you think you guys will
probably do some fun poles with you guys
are on baby shower time yeah um but
right now is you
he's more currently almost it really was
three point ten pounds last week so he
creepy so it's probably of a little over
four pounds oh my goodness he's he fell
a at kids on mommy 2012 what is the age
difference you prefer between Oliver and
other children I think Missy prefer like
five minutes
no I guess said earlier I'm actually
thinking maybe it would be good to um
obviously I'm like I don't maybe huh
mainly what I'm thinking is um I'm
really pregnant and I'm very
uncomfortable and I can't imagine doing
this with a baby that seems to answer
this seems to really need me still so I
want Oliver to be um you know capable to
take care of himself a little bit so
that I'm not like having to pick him up
constantly while I'm pregnant
so maybe like in two years Biffy UK says
how do you deal with arguments between
you guys you know hard you were perfect
no we actually surprised a lot of people
with the fake fight in the car
that was really fun who loves that a lot
of people were freaking out yeah I'm
basically I mean we have we have
management for a lot of things in our
relationship we argue we're not robots
and we do get into little things and we
sort of have to just we're really big on
communication really big on honesty I'm
talking through everything um usually
you have to talk about it and then
and you have to leave and then you can
talk about it later after things like a
little break ah I love you oh it's not
me I'll be dancing um let's see SR
cookie wants all these here which
milestone first word first steps Carly
are you looking forward to most
I'm smiling I think I can't wait to see
him smile is right I think that I'm
gonna be one of those moms that doesn't
want him to do anything I'm so afraid
he'll grow up too fast so which I think
it's a good thing I think I'm going to
treasure every little thing about him
just I don't want him to go grow up too
fast but I think smiling will be the
biggest that definitely wants you start
to have that connection with your baby
and you know that you are making him
smile he knows that you are funny or
something like that that's gonna be
really cool
oh my goodness so many comments you guys
you are so insane it's getting to the
point we got to stop or we're just gonna
be doing this forever
um but maybe we'll go through some
tweets but what is that no audio that is
my voice like I said one is enough I'm
gonna go through your tweets later Missy
and I will and we'll try and answer some
questions on Twitter um and definitely
if you're not following us on Twitter
check this out at Bryan Lanning at Missy
under sport landing she couldn't get up
just glad my ceiling fell through I
guess um I wanted to go through the a
little bit of the comments Natalie I
don't want this vlog to end I know me
either it's so easy we could sit here
for hours we did it last time I can't
that I think went by faster than the
first time yeah we had like music on and
stuff like at um Oh
some say Oliver is going to be 7 pounds
8 pounds howdy kim is gay God um let's
see
Jessica's have any organ rule above
organ I really want to go there
misty I have to do up a babymoon where
do you think we should go I want the
tree house hotel that means but I don't
think she'd be up friendly Drive I would
I just wanna go to I
and a cute little cottage on the beach
yeah buddy
amazing um oh yeah
someone said um hi Missy's mom oh hi
mom's over there oh yeah selects
capacity for everybody can say with me
Oh does he want to say hi come on
all right Carlos say hi to all that time
this is Cassie say hi hi Cormack oh my
god what do you guys think about Cassie
starting a channel with karma just like
karma Cassie time or something like that
I think that'd be so fun we definitely
want to do in a day in the life for
karma oh my gosh yes that he does during
one day come on he'll climb up come on
come here boy come on here we go here we
go he's five it is Ivan yeah yeah
you guys both Thailand that's us that
was an awesome gift bTW we totally we
want to get more bowties so that he can
make them look classy every day make a
match we had to get this new collar so
that I'm not I don't kind of sad though
because we had other bowties and now you
can't wear them cuz you had to change
the topic but the kind is like it's so
easy because it's not it like has this
little band around it it literally just
wraps around the collar so cool yeah he
loves it yeah um anyway it's getting
closing time closing yeah you're
comfortable stop it
okay I'm gonna say goodbye bye guys so
really Melina later okay Karma's gotta
go ah I love you too okay bombs gonna
say goodbye I know everyone's getting
really sad um uh us plus one you guys
should do a Father's Day video love you
guys expecting number two February 18th
congratulations we're really gonna try
and do a father state video but I am so
busy Oh Father's Day is tomorrow
not gonna happen I'm sorry I think I
poured a lot into the Father's Day
article for still-standing magazine so
definitely check that out and we'll let
you guys know what it's up
Bob's gonna say goodbye he actually use
see you guys don't know bob has another
face no show this cuz it's like movie
magic but he's got a face with an open
mouth
bye guys see you later
that's how he talks cause he talked
looks like a deep black man voice I
can't do that
yeah he's like what he's gonna get
naughty I know I'm sorry he's gonna yell
at me later you'll probably see it in
the vlog oh let's see is going through
some comments again um I don't want this
long to end I know I'm sorry
um a lot of people thought the car
argument was hilarious but also a little
bit shocking
yeah probably and obviously that's why
we don't show your documents like that
okay our flew by so fast I know Jessica
Floyd it did didn't it Brianna's a rat
so sad it's almost so me too but we got
it basically you guys are gonna get the
same thing cuz we'll just be doing this
all day are you gonna par yeah you have
her yeah I think I'll God
okay so Missy Oh blocks hitting two will
watch for you guys and then you can
watch it tomorrow
we just got to put it together okay guys
it's 12:15 we really got to stop I'm
really sorry
um once again thank you guys so much for
all your support and watching us and
loving us and minimums so versus we
consume um we just appreciate all you
guys hash tag bumpers you all Rock um oh
I didn't want to say a little thing
about shirts we do have shirts coming if
you're excited get excited um because
those should be coming really soon and
I'm I'm like I just to see something
that I design a shirt and I get to wear
it's gonna be so cool uh yeah so thank
you guys so much for watching uh but we
gotta go without life and stuff we can
literally mean a lot for hours so here
let's vlog and we'll say goodbye
boom boom boom shout-out to Ontario
Canada
I never been everyone wait why am i
recording if you're recording blocks app
ship and all right guys we're saying
goodbye on the vlog um I hope everyone
had a fantastic time
and we'll see you guys tomorrow well you
guys will see us tomorrow you seized
today too
we put up a vlog today have you watched
the vlog today I almost catch the rabbit
a rabbit Oh rabbit oh wow
okay okay Missy blocks this angle of her
then I can block this angle of her and
then you're getting like multi angles I
don't know I'm being weird all right bye
you guys
and now we got to go I'm sorry I'm sorry
we have to go I don't want to click ends
okay I hope you guys have a fantastic
day make sure you watch today's vlog and
Tomas what you guys said comment oh I'm
glad we stayed for this come on what am
I talking about showing your bits and
pieces on the intern
all right bye you guys
