oh yeah totally the little heart shows
up wait are you getting it are you
getting are you getting the heart on
camera so far okay look at how stinky
poopy is oh you're going to me what you
want I did did you really I did
it is super early it's like not even
eight o'clock but I woke up and then
Missy was telling me that grace Helbig
actually hazed us on Daily Grace
if you guys don't watch Daily Grace it's
flippin hilarious we're never getting or
never getting her navigating daily bumps
daily bumps more like we made her gag up
like if you totally didn't know who
Miranda sings oh it was at first and
then you check out her channel fell
completely in love with her and came
back to watch this again with your newly
open mindset and it made your day 7 2 3
4 4 6 8 2 times better yeah she's great
if you don't like her you can
don't
just stop that's it for coming to your
country it's so cool
I feel like that's like a huge youtube
rite of passage is to be hazed by Daily
Grace so that was awesome if you guys
didn't see I'll link below in the
description to see us but a guy
deodorant that I was bugging here why am
i up right now I never see her leave for
work those are so excited the dated
grace hazed us and so I'm still up oh it
used to be a tent on you user yeah oh I
mean it's still pretty big but it
actually says and these pants now are
getting too tight which used to be way
too big
I seriously never get to see Missy leave
for work this is cray all right high
five in the a.m. this is K don't judge
me
no come on you can't no no there is a
ball up there and Carmen knows and he's
been looking at it forever you have
balls what he actually doesn't but you
have these balls play-doh so play with
us yeah I actually took a amazing nap
because I woke up super early this
morning I cannot fall asleep
I'm headed to Missy's work and I'm gonna
bring her some lunch I'm rocking my
anger bracelet still still think it's
pretty dope dope fresh Sun so I'm gonna
go get me some lunch
because you guys want to come come on
follow me Missy is actually craving
McDonald's which is super super weird
but she's pregnant so that's not the
weirdest thing that she's craved or even
done if you watched yesterday's vlog but
when you my gosh did I grab something
and I'm still waiting to be recognized
in public for being hazed on a daily
grace vlog do you think how long do you
think it takes before people start
actually recognizing me in public maybe
like another day I mean it's only gotten
like 100,000 views I don't know how many
I don't know how long till people are oh
you were in the dinner graceful yeah
that was me you know just a normal guy
yeah it's eating lunch at Missy's work
and I asked her if she saw my Instagram
post I posted last night where she where
it says double tap with your nose and
she said she didn't last night
yeah last night okay I'm getting a call
hello hey uh wait what 204 people have
already Eskimo kiss me on Instagram
someone was like oh not see yeah her
noses just touched was a bit chilly I
didn't even think that it was like
kissing me but I just like had my nose
on the part where you double tap with
your nose because I thought oh that's
like a good sign for their nose to be on
you know that's weird
did it work I even Eskimo kiss myself
you know on Instagram after you get a
certain number of likes it turns it from
a list of people to a number I waited
for that so that when people went to do
it they were like Oh Brian
totally double touch with this nose so I
was like hidden but yeah I was like oh
yeah totally
the little heart shows up wait are you
getting it are you getting are you
getting the heart on camera I don't know
so you guys know how I had mentioned how
I really really wanted to get a Fitbit
flex on the new Fitbit device that goes
on your wrist in it like tracks how many
calories you burn and stuff like that
and your activity and your sleep and
stuff it turns out they're completely
sold out online like their backordered
like seven weeks so I checked the
retailers this morning and I found one
it's like 25 miles from where I'm at but
I found one in its Hargett it's a
limited stock
so I'm gonna go see if they have and
Missy gave me permission to get it just
sort of that's like an early Father's
Day present
or maybe just a you know being awesome
president I don't know you don't need no
occasion to buy yourself
treat yourself treat your soil okay I
see all the other fitbit's I'm not
seeing the Fitbit flex oh but I don't
see an actual thing for it either
so come on where is it hey guys so I
just got off work and I have to run by
the post office but then I am going to
be going over to John's and we're gonna
watch the kids today for a little bit a
little extra cash for us to have some
fun mmm please please please where is it
okay so I drove all this way all the way
to this Target and it turns out that I
actually had one I got the last one and
it's like this cool slate color which is
like a grayish blue so I'm super stoked
in that awesome so I'm super excited I
might actually just take it out of the
box right now cuz I'm a nerd here it is
guys so it's this little if you don't
know it's a little wrist tracker you put
it on your wrist and actually the
tracker is built into there so you can
actually take it off and put in other
straps and stuff it didn't come charge
so I'm charging it with my little USB
port I'm so excited to use it I hate
when things will come charged that's so
annoying it's like come on I want to be
able to use it right away Ryan
came to my work today he dropped off my
stupid car which I hate driving and I
told him like a month ago they finally
was getting hot out and I was like done
I came home one day and I was like I'm
done driving that car cuz it's just this
car is it's good carving it's a reliable
car but it's not a car I prefer driving
especially when it's hot and I'm
pregnant now so I told him no more I'm
not driving anymore but today he had to
drive the car a little bit further and
that's in the car is probably a better
car to be driving when he goes on long
longer drives than just 15 minutes or so
so I let him take the other ones now I
got to drive this one which is just not
a fun car to be in when you're pregnant
just not hey we're getting in the big
Chuck you guys ready ready I don't know
that's how you good what I had to do it
was actually no do it no when they do
see me get in you know there's no time I
had to like climb with both arms No
what
that's the how daddy gets in this car no
he gets in differently probably the
right way are the chicks guys got some
hot chicks here and they cool he said
they're all girls thirsty this is the
ugliest chicken I've ever seen
did you see that guy this is ugly hey
hey what do you guys think this this
little guy looks like look at these got
a big nose even even got a big nose oh
look at their head button hey see here
that cool nom nom nom nom nom nom nom
okay guys I seriously cannot get over
how ugly this chicken is is this like an
ugly chicken got it
you got him we just finished with the
dairy and we got it I took the milk I
was craving this so now that I'm wearing
this
Fitbit thing I like I'm constantly
thinking about what I'm doing and what
I'm drinking and eating so it wants me
to drink like a ton of water a day
it's like 32 ounces it's pretty other
gallons of that court court corner down
that's good though how many to drink
take two of those I think you'd be good
alright yep but now
we are going to take the kids to get the
snack and then we'll probably go to the
park are you falsely doing a Justin
Timberlake song
there we go is that fun Chloe okay it's
not so hot now huh kind of nice out
we're just watching the kids play but we
just got a comment I'm a hailey McDonald
she said um how many pairs of sunglasses
does Missy have I've lost count the
Styles I've seen her wear how many pairs
of sunglasses you got Missy well or how
many do you salvage from other people I
think I have two I sometimes wear my
mom's and I sometimes wear Brian so I'm
about four or five but not all of them
are mine yeah I have the worst luck with
sunglasses like these ones I've actually
had for like three weeks now
I haven't broke them they sit on them or
I lose um where Missy takes them and
then she like makes me think that I lost
them
right yeah one time he left him at the
restaurant and I really didn't like him
so I just left them she saw that I was
leaving them on the table and she let me
walk out without him I've been wearing
my Fitbit flex let's see what I'm at so
I'm almost three out of three fifths of
the way there and it syncs to the
wristband it tells me how many steps
I've done how much I've traveled since
I've had it on how many calories I'm
burning oh how much I weigh I didn't
realize I was gonna show you that but
what up no shame how much I can eat and
how much water I've consumed so it's
pretty cool I love this feature oh I
found it
stop cry my god I don't like lose it but
like it everyone smile like will be out
of my sight and I seriously think it's
gone forever every single time I think
Brian thinks the same thing because he
gets really panicky because I'm not I'm
honestly really bad with stuff I lose
things break things drop things all the
time and he got me this beautiful nice
new camera and I'm so afraid I'm gonna
break it or lose it
we're playing with Chloe and Anthony and
Lia over there is playing with flowers
ball my work schedule is going to change
a little bit to starting on June 1st I'm
actually going to be in an office with
those really cool offices so hopefully I
can vlog in there and show you guys it
because I mean it's a pretty relaxed
environment and the people I work with
are really really awesome maybe I can
get him to do some sort of like lip dub
like they do on the office that would be
so cool she's got the kids for probably
an hour or two so I feel bad for her
because I kind of like dumped him on her
and was like okay I'm going to work bye
me and Anthony are playing catch huh ah
oops I don't even have to do anything
right I mean he just like goes gets it
if I miss it and then throw it back so
I'm off to go pick up their older sister
because she's at school right now but I
was looking through my clips on my
camera and I saw how that my dad had
picked up my camera and had pressed
record to say that he found
he is seriously such a dork like
whenever I tell him to like it he could
like find my camera he'll find it and
he'll always do something super
embarrassing and so I don't usually put
it in the blogs I'm like okay dad I
don't think you're trying to embarrass
yourself I guess in order to teach him a
lesson I'm gonna have to start leaving
the clips that he does because they're
quite hilarious but I didn't think you
would really want me to put them in
there I just happened dad I might just
leave him in there and then you're gonna
be like oh crap
finally have Kaylee yet we totally had a
little hiccup there I was not on the
sign-in sheet wait a second this guy's
just running a red light
oh he's turning me I was super confused
I wasn't on the sign-in sheet so I just
stood there for like 15 minutes and
waiting for there her mom or dad to call
and let them know that I was allowed to
pick them up Jeff when at school yeah
and I have someone to think together at
the end of school yes with Adrianna
Estella and idea she had a lot of fun
yeah cool just got done shooting and I'm
on my way home it was a fairly easy
process oh man look at this Sun the Sun
is going down and it looks beautiful
blue sky here in California I'm not
trying to rub the shape this is just
good what we always have sitting here
with Claire and we're relaxing and he
literally put his paw here he's been
feeling all I kick of it so cute aunt
Claire bear you love baby ollie huh she
just has his paw it's not my belly
feeling him kick is so cute well I'm
gonna go ahead and end the vlog we have
been getting like a lot of letters from
you guys and I just wanted to
acknowledge a couple people it's just so
cool that you guys like take the time
outs like actually like write something
like on a piece of paper and like send
it to us like we totally appreciate that
so thank you everyone who has but I did
want to give a special thank you to
Olivia Brittany and HIPPA we got some
letters from you guys and they were
really cool super like inspiring and and
really awesome to read he bought
actually sent us she sent us these
little like bracelets that she made and
Cassie's actually running around with a
lot of them on because she loves it so
thank you so much for that I just
appreciate every single one of you guys
who
watches our videos and and you know
comments and ports us and and we just
love you guys
they you guys watch you so much and we
will for sure Tamara Tamara yeah I
honestly don't I just don't know how I
got it yeah yeah oh my gosh
oh my good how I did you get
okay kind of do it again yeah weird that
I'm running into neighbors no it's not
weird at all
you're preg
