okay karma we actually have to pay that
we have to pay that come here good to me
come on give me the biggest unit so far
okay look at how geeky 2 p.m. oh you're
going to me what what I did is you
really I did
hello bombo's if you guys notice that
every time I say hello I say it in like
a different accent I don't know why that
happens but it just does I'm just
throwing some Sour Diesel in the toaster
and I'm gonna make myself a barbecue
sandwich I've been working on some stuff
all morning it's kind of like my little
secret and hopefully I can tell you guys
by the end the vlog but I've actually
been chatting with a bumper all morning
I picked one of you guys out you know
who you are and we've been chatting they
were sharing their ideas with us so I'm
really excited to do this and hopefully
by the end of this vlog I'll be able to
share with you guys cuz that would be
amazing
look I got sourdough cooking our dizzle
makes everything better
what are you doing boy what are you
doing hi hi Karan why did you eat your
breakfast
do you breakfast this morning did you
play with your ball did you go on a walk
like no I'll take your sourdough please
not happening hey guys so I just got off
work
and I am seriously exhausted least I can
barely keep my eyes open I thought I was
gonna fall asleep today I had this guy
at the office and he was training us on
a new phone system that we had in and I
was looking at him trying to focus on
whatever he was talking about but I
swear I even felt like I fell asleep for
a second with my eyes open cuz I
literally completely zoned out and like
he asked me a question I was like oh
yeah yeah I understand that it is hot in
this room I'm gonna see how it is out
there yeah it is hot outside
also he loves this tug of war huh-huh
yeah okay take it take it take it take
it all right pull me I'm like so
exhausted but I only have to work one
more date and then actually I have
Wednesday off because I am a doctor's
appointment which is kind of out of town
so I usually just take the day off on
those days gone pull me come on and I'm
trying this is yours you're bored you're
boring me
I'm bored I'm bored I'm bored this is
supposed to be a fun game
and you're boring i finded them did I
find you boy did I find you come here
come here gamma gamma gamma what are you
looking at there's what is he what's he
looking at you guys
and I don't know if it's like an Apple
thing because I know like only steve
jobs during SmartWater or if it's the
bottle or anything but um we just really
like smart water I don't know is that
weird if you guys don't know they have a
little secret on the inside the smart
water bottle and inside they'll have a
picture of an animal I've never seen
this one it's a little otter that's so
cool
let's be responsible and recycle I know
you really oh you know you really ought
er oh man do you guys see those
sprinklers over there one I see is
staring sitting on the porch staring at
them because she really wants to go run
in them also before I started this video
she was walking around with her shirt up
like Britney Spears did she walk around
and shirt up yeah I'm also wearing my
raggedy shorts that yeah hey I hate
those you don't know how many times I've
thrown those away and just keep coming
back it's like a Ouija boards gotta have
one thing that she can wear okay that
it's just comfortable and also Missy
really wants to run through the
sprinkler so you guys dare her right now
in the comments say Missy go around the
sprinklers do it do it
if someone gonna yell at me oh you get
off everyone no I don't know you're
gonna feel so much nicer car is turning
oh I gotta do it yet oh my god
hey guys Howard did you get yeah you
kinda wanna do it again huh I wish I had
karma and we can play in it it's kind of
weird that I'm running in the neighbors
sprinkler
no it's not weird at all you're pregnant
I see you're desperate
Wow yeah it is a hot day out today guys
I totally don't blame the sea for just
running through the sprinklers I
actually wish that I could do it all so
right now I'm actually headed to go to
for work and I'm gonna be honest with
you guys I've been in a really weird
mood today like oh I was gonna try not
falling
there's just the equipment I've just
been working on like little stuff on the
computer but I've been in a weird mood
today I can't describe it it's like I'm
I'm just not I what haven't been very
like like I don't know that's my door
something's open what's open
I'm gonna run in and grab something to
drink really fast McDonald's I really
want Starbucks but McDonald's is right
here and I can't I don't have time to go
to Starbucks but I also don't have time
to explain this to you guys so I gotta
go get something to drink if I back out
you're painting and what I thought was
really good job now that I'm out here I
realized I was definitely painting in
the dark last night it just looks really
bad if you look you see I got like blue
like in like weird spots not to repaint
it but now I was getting ready to and I
had put this drawer in here and it
probably wasn't dry all the way and I
literally cannot get this drawer out I
have put tried everything I'm gonna try
using like some toothpicks under here so
it sounds it looks like it got glue like
stuck under here do that and we try this
we'll see if I get it done though maybe
all I needed was coffee because after I
just drank that I mean I know it's
mostly chocolate but after I just drank
that a little bit I feel so much better
like I feel like I have like Mike my
personality came back you know what
ah it's Monday it's just Monday whoo I
mean it's the Monday blues am i right
I'm sure you guys fill them to let me
know in the comments if you do because I
would just make you feel better I did it
it was not good though I had to really
put a lot of pressure on there hopefully
I didn't break it
ah it looks like crap after you do this
and the birds will not stop talking be
quiet
work so I started fixing up the white
I'm hoping that kind of covers it up
this top ledge really needs to be fixed
up and then the blue really needs to be
fixed up but I think I fixed the white
part so I'm gonna let it dry and then
I'll probably work on the blue it was
really cute though I think it's gonna be
perfect for it
so we got a package take from Ashley in
Riverside and it looks like she got us
oh my gosh it must be hot handmade but
it's this beautiful blanket here Cassie
you'll be my helper that is so pretty
and we have a note here look see he did
crochet this blanket she said sorry it
was crooks are his crooked which doesn't
look too crooked to me I think it looks
it's handmade and I love handmade stuff
so that is so cute and totally matches
his room so cute so thank you so so much
Ashley I am headed home I want to go do
things and I want to like go places and
eat food but I have a wife who has to be
in bed because she has to be at work
early in the morning which really sucks
I just I can't wait until she can be a
stay-at-home wife if you don't know
that's really what she wants to do she
wants to be a stay-at-home mom
and that's our goal essentially but you
know at the same time we still want to
be able to support our family obviously
have our own place and be able to build
upon a family like that so it takes a
lot it takes a lot of hard work and and
I've been putting a lot of hard work at
at where I'm at now and I'm just praying
that you know it really pays off so I
guess when you are tired of cooking and
don't have anyone else to cook it for
you wait you get a rotisserie chicken
there's no food in the house so we had
to run to the store and just grab
something that cooking is we eat so I'm
home
Missy is starving and she told me she's
not eating rotisserie chicken we're
gonna fix that um but I wonder we had
another package today that come from
Epps Etsy specifically it came from
maritime supply I wanted to bless Brian
with a gift because he's doing such an
awesome job with your videos and I know
he'll be an awesome dad dad - baby ollie
what they got me a gift that's awesome
if you're not a bracelet where no
worries maybe you can pass it down to
oliver god bless and much love from
canada from Rene J rich and Rene J on
YouTube let's check this out
cool little box whoo it matches my shirt
oh wow this is actually really cool
oh it's got an anchor on it you see that
like the clasp
oh that is so cool I could totally rock
that you said bracelet and I was like oh
no I was thinking of like when Joey gave
Chandler bracelet in French I was like
oh no but this is actually really really
dope look at this
that is so cool it's like leather and
it's got the anchor you okay do you wrap
it like that wow that is so cool Thank
You Rene I could totally rock this you
guys definitely got to check out their
channel rich and Rene J on YouTube I'll
put the link in the description but yeah
that is so cool I'm definitely gonna
cherish this and I I got a present Missy
you get presents all the time and now
it's my turn
like I didn't open that one I know we
just got in the car and the first thing
Missy did was plug her phone in right
yeah but what percentage are you at
Missy 40 you're at 40 well I am
at 27 so I'm pretty sure that means I
win put my phone in plug it in I get the
juice there you go that's our little
game if you guys don't know whoever has
the lowest battery on their phone gets
the charger I'm sorry babe it's won fair
we are actually at Miguel's and this is
like Missy's favorite Mexican place and
she's eating a burrito
which you don't know is super weird for
Missy yeah because she's so picky but
she actually ran into a friend you want
to introduce him yes this is Dustin
what's up
we knowing that like our whole IBS is
for Michael branding everybody I know
those really weird Karthik yeah really
could not eat that thing I don't know if
you could tell but it was like falling
apart as I was eating it was like
impossible to eat I tried finishing it
on forward and even I could yeah it's
just like a medicine I'm not used to
eating burritos like they say don't eat
burritos it was really cool we have to
see Dustin who like I said I've known in
my whole life but yet I don't think I've
seen him one since I moved back from
California and we just like ran into
each other so it's kind of cool catching
up we are getting something sweet oh I
forgot about skinny cow those sandwich I
got from skinny cow which you guys told
me to get we're really amazing and the
mint ones actually look really good but
they're expensive I'm thinking about
some ice cream
someone actually instagrammed a picture
of Ben and Jerry's so I'm like craving
Ben Jerry's
they don't want any ice cream this is
really weird you guys we're in the ice
cream section and Missy doesn't want ice
cream okay you know how when you open
the door they got all foggy and then you
can't see anything
I'm kasha she's in my face oh yeah my
mark look at that bottom lip yes do I
have a big bottom lip
yes you do ah Oliver is gonna have a big
bottom up comment if you think Oliver is
gonna have a big bottom left just like
it's daddy
Teresa's ice cream bars one stop it oh
wait no trying to teach karma to bring
me the mail oh thank you boy let go let
go see this is the only issue Oh bring
me give me the map thank you
thank you he's like don't be lazy pick
it up here I don't release this junk
mail so why don't you throw it away go
throw it away
what is he doing with that one tear it
up yes we don't have a shredder so so he
can't read it perfectly fine okay
actually I think that's a bill good
think we actually need that one okay
karma we actually have to pay that yeah
we have to pay that come here get to me
karma
give me the Bell ha ha ha ha okay that's
getting old real fast car do you see
that brick I win unless you want to pay
it pong with your zero dollars a month's
salary
miss he's fast asleep over here um comas
look like him but I did want to let you
guys know that yes for the past couple
weeks I have been working on some shirt
designs and I'm really excited because a
lot of you have asked about doing shirts
and I was a little hesitant but I
thought that would be super fun to do so
I'm working on putting the store
completely together with all our
different designs and I have three right
now that are final that I'll actually
show you guys so this one says it's not
that big of a deal because if you don't
know I say that all the time this one is
like probably one of my personal
favorites and it was from a previous
blog or vlog where I had mentioned I
said I'm not shape it when it comes to
pizza
and then of course we have the signature
hey on v-necks the hay from our intro
logo so those are just a couple designs
I definitely want to do one with karma
maybe one that says I'm a bumper and
then we have a really special one that
we're gonna do for those of you who've
been watching Missy's belly grow since
we since she announced she was pregnant
these are gonna be really really cool
and I can't wait to just like wear it
myself and maybe give someone wait for
giveaways and yeah I mean this is really
big I mean I've been working on these
for a long time and for each design and
trying to make sure you know that we do
a basic t-shirt maybe some premium
shirts that are like out of a much nicer
fabric definitely some v-necks and
definitely some like women cut tees we
should have like 4 different cuts for
every design make them super nice so
comment below if you guys have any other
t-shirt ideas you guys want us to do
I'll let you guys know when the shop is
live too so you guys can check them out
and if you want to actually buy one I
mean let me Sokol I can't wait to buy it
myself so we even have to buy them so I
can't wait to buy myself and wear them
oh by the way how do you guys like it
being uploaded at 10:00 because I know
another a lot of other popular bloggers
they upload at 10:00 a.m. instead of
noon so let me know about that I've been
staying up late doing the vlog anyway so
not that BVD so we'll talk to guys later
fun
yeah I see the corn
oh no got the steaks on the grill
