good good good morning good good good
morning what good good good morning
good good good morning what that's one
good morning song so far okay look at
how stinky poopy is oh we were going to
me what you want I did did you really I
did last night Missy
I don't think slept cut it oh I woke up
in the middle of the night and she had
her head on this end and her feet on
this end in my face actually in my mouth
so I was pleasant so bad first she kept
moving around and she's having the
hardest time sleeping lately we gotta
get some light up in here so my camera
doesn't suck
if you guys ever noticed that the camera
gets all blurry and like doesn't focus
it's because we're in like extremely low
light and our room it's funny because we
have like the brightest lights available
that we can get right but it still is
like a dungeon in here and I can't stand
it to want to apologize to you guys if
the up times of the vlog have been a
little random we were trying to fix
something for like a week now on our
YouTube channel we finally got it fixed
so it should be much better from here on
out
I mean it actually is going to make
things much easier on me and the vlogs
aren't going to change so we're still
here you can still watch us you little
for years you so John invited me to
lunch and he shows up in this thing
seriously come how am I supposed to
write in this thing you can take the van
get in my car this morning
haha and I put the key in the ignition
but it's kind of hard to put it so I put
it
I turn it no I might well okay this is
weird cuz all my lights are on our doors
are working I go to vault key the key
does work about yeah he got stuck you
know he was in there yeah stuck what you
can't I eat their cars broken get over
it
Thanks it's broken do you think they
gave us enough ranch
look at this tower of Ramsay a boom whoa
there's more over there okay it's
getting out of hand
three well they gave us so much right
look at all this food we got though the
ladies like it just for you guys
we're like yeah hello it's wings that's
how we do that's how we roll John always
has these really weird dreams about
Missy night like one time I guess Rahman
Oh Mel night and he had to like call us
make sure he was okay but then he had a
really weird dream last night also so I
had a dream that Brian was a welder
don't know why I was a welder doesn't
strike me as a rather he was a welding
successful sameen so barn was welding
something and also Misha Collins said
Brian's in the hospital he got really
burned he was on fire all of him was on
fire and I was like how did that happen
she's like it was a freak accident and I
was like and then I woke up and I was
like finds out whether he's having
dreams about me being on fire I don't
know if that's a good or bad thing dude
what is going on with your kids hello
hello can't take you guys anywhere I
just got off for
I had a really great day at work today I
felt really really good I actually my
pain from my ribs is been so much better
today actually yesterday I was just
really really bummed out I was sad
yesterday I I was in a lot of pain and I
was just like I'm not going to be and be
able to like be comfortable ever again
like I was really really bummed but
today I feel a lot better I think I
slept - tiny bit better last night and
so I'm feeling like maybe that helped in
so now today was not a terrible day as
yesterday kind of was just really really
hard so I'm taking this car down to the
dealership I gotta put some gas next as
I connect again so I don't want to
return on an empty actually the thing is
I just don't want to like break down on
the way there so this is how much we're
doing
we're gonna do that I am headed to meet
Brian at the dealership which is so
exciting that we might actually leave
with a car I can't wait of course it's
going to be like a long way at the
dealerships you know how making deals
for cars goes just like always takes
forever but I'm actually more than
anything I'm really really excited to
drink their delicious hot chocolate I
don't know if you guys watch that vlog
but they're chunk hot chocolate is
seriously so so good and it's probably
like 90 degrees out today but their hot
chocolate just sounds so good this is
juicing it up getting her juice on hot
chocolate are making that scary noise
ring
they see things we're gonna be here till
dinner she's like grab some popcorn this
is some like piping hot I smell it you
guys smell oh man guys this is our car
look how pretty it is it's such a pretty
color I'm like seriously I'm up with it
like I've seriously for like the past
year every time I see the color I'm like
Brian that's so pretty I would die if I
ever had a color that a car that color
now look I'm gonna have a car not color
so I think we got everything worked out
we're just doing obviously the
finalizing paperwork and all that but
our Prius final signature
you ready ready you sure buses you can't
be asking me out oh my gosh we are you
doing it are you not doing it anymore
come on
yeah character starting to turn into a
little picture wait wait again BMW
Mercedes are 550 600 diamond yeah I
gotta say goodbye you guys
we're saying goodbye to the caliber
everyone waved goodbye
Missy saying goodbye to her car all
right cleaning out our cars because
guess what goodbye to my cavalier oh I'm
gonna miss this sticker
you know earth is art earth is it's
beautiful yeah this car we haven't
really done anything major with it but
now I got to clean it out look at all
this crap I gotta clean out the sucks
look they have already done mostly
cleaning out here but I just gotta go
through it a little bit five is my my
old car my first car I paid off oh my
gosh look at this this is from like so
long ago like years ago
we wrote down all the states when you're
a little I must have just kept this but
we would check mark them off as we saw
the license plate that's like from a
long time ago though it's so cool
do you remember you guys telling me not
to put the Andes mints in here well I
did like it stupid and they're very soft
I'm not gonna push them because it's
just gonna make a mess but yeah I should
listen to you guys thank you thanks for
that all right guys do you think I
should keep my my umbrella but I think
we should take I think they might think
I'm weird
oh man just say goodbye to my Dutch
brothers sticker know if you guys know
what Dutch brothers is I hear it's
amazing really I don't drink coffee so I
just have it because Brian really liked
Dutch others my sole cost agree my Apple
sticker oh no all right so this is that
you guys actually say goodbye hey by
caliber and hello Prius guess what we're
in well I guess it's not that big of a
dress I mean I've been talking about
this all day long we just clean out our
cars I think you can determine that
we're probably an hour you know Oh Sun
look at all this fanciness it's really
fancy you guys yeah okay wait never mind
okay to drive so cool like this is like
holographic when you like mess with yeah
like you don't you like put your finger
on it and it detects that your fingers
on it and it shows you where you're
gonna do before you even like a hologram
shake so cool okay we're gonna track we
know pretty like other taking forever
what is going on the brake is on oh it's
beeping at you for a reason
damn it um - it is okay good that nice
and look friends'll excited about this
you can press the button and there's
hold my sunglasses we're just you know
what we're amused by simple things okay
alright so I just realized that the
baby's car seat you can go oh I'm just
so distracted by all the prettiness all
the pretty lights and stuff on the
baby's car seat Matt
our new car like that's pretty cool okay
I'm training said we how this changes
I guess the vlogging experience because
like the caliber was kind of loud and
this is very quiet and like nice so I
haven't heard this obviously but I'm
recording it but thumbs up if you can
hear me a lot nicer than in the caliber
and the caliber is just so noisy and
loud and blah but this car you can't
even like I'm running right now and it
doesn't even feel like it's running
really yeah sounds like we just died the
card I got a welcome card I now go walk
home we got a new car you guys and you
guys got to be like be involved in are
you yeah I'm a new car you can see how
stressful it is it was it was really bad
that we didn't like vlog during the
stressful part but Brian was like
freaking out almost I thought I was
gonna blow up on this guy I wasn't gonna
blow up I keep my look pretty good kept
your cool that I really thought that you
were gonna like punch this guy's face
you're so pissed end of the day we got
it we got what we wanted and we're happy
so so excited it means you got to pick
your color so blue karma what do you
think of our new car he thinks it smells
like a new car
you smell good boy is it are you
actually gonna put me in it we actually
got to take me places this is a lineup
guys you got their Prius our Prius we've
seen one more over there and we're all
good yeah I don't have to park on the
street anymore that's awesome we just
figured out how to lock and unlock it so
I have the key in my pocket and when I
go up to the handle it unlocks and I can
open it and then I close that to lock it
I just go Boop I don't have to push
button just literally set my finger
there just want to lay here but common
needs food karma do you need food what
it was
Oh smell it smell it good catch boy do
you want to eat dinner tonight Karma
he's like uh no I just want to play ball
I've been running iOS 7 on my phone all
do and what am I at what am i at what a
man what a man what a man what am I at
focus oh then it went away
28% so it's not bad I mean it's probably
draining battery a little faster because
betas always do but look I got some
notifications if that's you leave a
comment if any of these people are you
leave a comment I'm liking it so far
there are some bugs obviously exist beta
software if you guys want to run this
first of all I advise you to not to wait
because this isn't final but essentially
to to do it you would just go to Google
and figure out how just Google how to do
it I actually can't really give you
instructions on how to do it
google it register you UDID what i
didn't say that
nothing this is oh here we go this is
really cool though they have these new
wallpapers that are all dynamic and they
change by how you move the device and so
this one's like a bunch of bokeh which
is pretty cool cuz I'm photographer so I
got bokeh moving around on my device
Missy's driving the Prius for the first
time and we just noticed that there's a
little light right here that actually
puts a perfect light right on the gear
thing backward Oh someone's calling me
let this one be product hello it's
really fun like it's fun to drive
I do feel like I'm a little bit low like
I well maybe not maybe you just can't
see the phone at all oh no I can never
see the hood I mean if I was like taller
I wouldn't be able to see it I feel like
I'm just want to stare at like how my
mileage is going oh yeah like I'm like
trying to bump it up
let's check the miles per gallon that we
just got 60 1.8 that's cuz my awesome
driving that's crazy though right yeah
so we're basically getting what they
said we're looking at some car swag this
is you a fiery license plate holder oh
no charger wearing Missy we're in
California we need the charger logo
thumbs up if you have the charger logo
on your car are they baseball babe
football no I really want one of me you
and Ollie and karma that'd be so you
I don't know there's Karma there's only
there's me there's you that does not
look like me this is like a boring one
no you have one that actually looks like
us like this one big figure feet like
this one you can almost make you can
tailor it they don't have any iPhones to
hold I guess I have a cell phone
that's for my good ninety we have like
totally perfected everything for s'mores
like these are small marshmallows and
look at their flat so you don't have to
like squish it so much and then even
have like graham cracker s'more squares
which are like better easier cut
whispers ready cut so that you don't
like snap it the wrong way I totally
want smore style look at this Oh so
while we're at Walmart I grabbed this
little organizational device because I
have all this stuff in the crib that I
have to find a place for basically it's
a lot of bathroom stuff and I do have a
bathroom obviously but we only have one
bathroom in the house what we had to it
was together once my mom's so I bought
this little organizer that will just
hang in here so I'm going to set it up
right now and see how it looks so we got
a comment today from 91 Hankey who said
the video didn't show up in their
subscription box and I'm like totally
bewildered hopefully this one shows up
in description box and if you guys are
worried about it um you can always like
our Facebook page um which is in the
description below facebook.com slash
daily bumps because I always post the
blogs there as well so if you wanted a
like a place to make sure that you don't
miss the vlog or whatever you can
definitely go like our Facebook page in
the description below and that's also
where you guys can RSVP for the live
event which is in four days Missy can
you believe that's in four days you're
nervous
Missy's nervous you guys okay you got to
have your questions ready because we're
gonna answer a ton of questions we're
gonna be live probably just a little bit
more than an hour karma is like totally
freaking out right now because he's done
he saw that there's a vacuum cleaner now
in the middle of the room it's just a
vacuum cleaner it's okay really
really the vacuum cleaner see have you
guys even ever heard him bark like like
totally freaked out right now I set it
up so now he's got all his time
dolls and bathtub and we'll get even at
little suppers and I just went ahead and
hung his robe for now I have all this
extra storage space which you can never
have you know enough storage but now I'm
so happy because I was able to clear out
his crib because that was starting it
was like really driving me crazy like I
was like I want it like to look like I'm
getting things ready and like things are
getting getting prepared we're getting
so close tell me if this logic makes
sense Lisi wants me to make the bed so
that she can go to bed why am i making
the bed if you're just gonna get in the
bed and mess it up doesn't make any
sense to me but anyway yeah we are
getting ready for bed I'm gonna add the
vlog and then I'm gonna go to bed but
we're both getting up early I gotta give
her a ride to work and then I have
things to do okay bye okay try just try
it right come on try it try it try it
how many wanna try it no don't put your
yeah hungover eight you look your butt
with that stuff he would never
way to go Brian tell the whole world
about my career little secret prom boy
you guys need me just winked at me Tommy
you just winked
