try it try it just try it try it come on
try it try it try it
Carmy wanna try it no don't put your
nasty tongue all over it you look you're
but with that tongue so he would never
big offense you know so far okay look at
how stinking cute she is
there you go
oh we were going to me what you want I
did did you really I did good morning
guys you have no idea how happy this
made me all yeah WDC good morning
bumpers so I'm headed off to work as
usual and I don't know I'm really
excited because I did some math
yesterday and I figured out that if I
work every day that I'm supposed to so
every working day I only have 12 working
days left until I'm done with working
basically and just like super excited
that kind of keeps me motivated because
I don't know I'm just I'm feeling so
down these days I'm feeling so like just
drained my body is just in hurting and I
never really imagined that I would be in
so much pain and so uncomfortable like
at so early on 30 weeks's seems a little
bit early but I think that because on my
uterus because it's so much smaller he
doesn't seem to have as much room as
maybe a normal baby would I don't really
know if that's true or not but I
literally basically can't sleep at night
like I I kind of have to sleep in a
sitting up position now where my back so
that that way he doesn't get into my
ribs because if I'm laying down he just
kind of sinks right into my ribs and
it's so painful it's just like I hate it
because I feel like I'm always
complaining cuz my body's like hurting
so bad these days but like I can't sleep
which is huge if you can't sleep it's
like really hard so I just finished the
Apple presentation I haven't eaten I
haven't showered I haven't brushed my
teeth anything I feel like a total bum
so I kind of need to like get ready for
the world today cuz I feel very out of
it right now
you guys look I took a shower and um I
got drought put clothes on and I even
brush my teeth so doing pretty good
today huh she's been texting me all day
Oh
he's just weakened I'm old and I wake
you I'm very oh hello mrs. been texting
me all day and I guess she's in like a
ton of back pain and stuff so I'm trying
to just clean everything up get her area
all set up so she can just sit down and
relax I'll probably make her watch the
Apple Keynote over and over again which
I'm doing right now I'm actually waiting
for download links to go live so I can
put it on my iPhone and I'll show you
guys that I should be really cool but
I'm gonna tackle this huge thing upload
this is what happens you know when you
have a pregnant wife and a lazy husband
I'm gonna throw that in there I'm a lazy
husband I guess sometimes karma doesn't
pull his weight around when are you
gonna fold laundry huh when you're gonna
fold laundry boy that towel fold it put
it with you up
he's like play with I play with my toys
that's my job huh
is that your job boy play with toys I'm
gonna tackle this this laundry right
here though get it all nice and neat for
her because I think she's getting off
pretty soon you guys know it's better
than chicken oke soup Oh leftover
chicken okay soon actually I mean it
doesn't look that good and you really
should not eat it cold cuz Cassie did
that earlier it was really gross yeah
but I'm making some leftover chicken
soup and Missy's home and so I'm making
her some lunch and then we have to go to
the DMV so pray for us we are headed to
the DMV which I'm super nervous about is
we're just really cool
they're totally understanding to us and
that they noticed that we really didn't
have anything to do with whatever's
going on and that they are able to
reverse a bunch of fees that like to
simply came out of the blow you've ever
been to a California DMV it's like the
worst thing ever it's usually like hours
and hours of wait
luckily we have an appointment scheduled
so I'm hoping that'll definitely cut it
down but it's so much different like in
Idaho when you do a DMV like when you go
to dam pee it's like you walk into a
house and then you walk out it's so easy
and not they like California it's almost
more difficult than that so I just hope
that this doesn't turn into hours of
sitting around and then hopefully we can
just get everything figured out and
straight now and they'll be
understanding Gemma's are we had to have
Jimmy go get the car cuz I got it
they're minor or something I think we're
like almost done we've been in there
forever and laughs yeah we got
everything figured out and they were
able to reverse all those weird fees
that we had nothing to do with and so
now we're getting really excited because
we got everything in order and I think
we can go down and get our car now but
we're just really excited right now
let's save us some money yeah we're
gonna save like a ton of money a month
and so I'm just I'm really excited
wish us luck yeah hopefully a stalker
color and huh
oh my gosh uh yeah I think that we're
pretty sit on that color yeah I want to
see it one more time in person like
we're pretty sure we know what it looks
like and we're totally happy with it but
we just wanted to make sure so if they
do they'll be so cool
I am now restoring my iPhone to iOS 7
beta oh just kidding that's good I am
right now putting iOS 7 on my it's
really happening
it's really happening you guys alright
so I'm sitting here looking at my phone
on right here and karma sees lights and
he's standing on top of the garbha you
see lights and then when I take it away
he just looked at me like hello where
are the lights make the lights come back
what are you doing up there you dork
make them come back okay here we are
look we're gonna do come you're like a
mountain goat garbage even the
download indicator is different
ah then what's up with it Tom what's
halfway there it's almost halfway there
oh what's that doing what's that doing
is it working did I break it is it
working
waiting patiently oh it's going faster
hmm oh my gosh it almost hit the end
maseeh spinny will watch says it's
broken come on baby come on it's okay
it's okay white screen black Apple icon
that's different
oh man it's up it's running hello it's
it this is hello Missy it says allo on
the phone hello iPhone I've just been
trying to hang out now that we've got
everything didn't care about the DMV I
have been in so much pain today my ribs
I think are officially like swollen or
inflamed they are like burning so I'm
going in between laying down and using
an ice pack on my ribs and and then
because I lay down first during amount
of time then he gets into a bad position
then I got to sit on my birthing ball
but I swear he just gets in these poor
positions which make my ribs like throb
hurts really bad so this bouncing is
really annoying on the vlog but I think
he's like totally freaked out by all
that ice and like coldness right up here
and that's where usually his favorite
spot so then he started getting into
another position okay so I got my phone
all set up on iOS 7 let me tell you guys
it is different if you're used to using
an iPhone this is going to be like a
huge step for you it's like you have a
new phone basically I am liking some
parts of it um it is just really
different like everything looks
different everything
acts different
I don't know it's just different it's
hard to explain Missy doesn't like it at
all
she just like she's not very good with
change or things like that so she's
definitely not liking it at all she's
playing with it and she's like I don't
know what to do do anything so if you're
like that then expect that to happen
I like it it's just going to take some
getting used to our picture takes up the
full lock screen now that's kind of cool
and all you do is you can slide anywhere
to unlock I've been obsessed with these
smoothie and a bag things this one is
actually from Jamba Juice and it's an
orange dream machine and I've had before
and it's super good what do I need
though join you oh hello belly I think
it needs you there apple juice low on
apple juice Missy Missy loves her apple
juice it's like her go-go juice huh yeah
cuz you drink it and then Oliver go-go's
smell it smells so make this ooh ah
smell it you guys smell awesome also
good smells like an orange sickle yeah I
put that on top someone was asking on
Twitter the other day what neutral or
wet bullet we have and it's called Magic
Bullet nutribullet
it works pretty good
want them try it try it just try it try
it come on try it try it try it
Carmy you wanna try it no don't put your
nasty tongue all over it you look you're
but with that tongue so he would never
way to go Brian tell the whole world all
my dirty little secret palm boy you guys
see he just winked at me Tommy you just
winking huh whoa there you go
look at ya he's really he's really
flirting with you guys you see this you
really wants my smoothie but you're not
ganna you would never get this you would
never get this on yesterday's vlog we
got a comment from Chloe Miller and she
said poor karma has been officially
exposed on the YouTube palm boy he's
like don't talk about me yeah we might
have shown some Karma's bits and pieces
and yesterday's vlogs and he just either
yeah it's like very natural guy isn't
believing wearing clothes so we're super
excited because tomorrow we have an
appointment and we're going down and
we're hoping that we get to pick out
pick up our car like this could be
actually it do you remember watching the
Prius commercials oh my gosh I know
their song this is a car that loves to
have fun mile after mile to end from now
therefore for all to use tell your
neighbors your friends everyone of the
news and let's hum hum hum hum hum hum
appears for everyone oh that's big one
if you want more space get a small one
if you need more small one if you need
more what is it
there's small one it fits it is your
place and even what that you can plug in
so come on in and get wanna spin and
let's have hum hum hum hum hum a Prius
for everyone
oh my god with song with seriously stuff
in our head we love that song because we
watched hulu a lot and that's where like
actually that's like really cool the
other one is it's like sometimes final
like say something and I always think
crowded to the ground with not another
car one
Oh grounded to the ground and we always
say grounded to the ground Toyota Camry
that one's grounded to the ground those
ground it to the ground
back to the ground addy Emily actually
made us a vine and she tagged me in it
and I'm gonna show you what it is look
at that she drew she drew oli you can
see it wait right there
I didn't know you composite okay so I
paused it on there but look at that that
is so cool she drew baby oli in the womb
and said hope you like it and so Missy
and I liked it um thank you so much
Addie Emily that is like the coolest
thing ever I love getting stuff like
that
and if you guys are following us I'm
fine do it because we're having so much
fun pretty much it for today we did make
an appointment to get the car tomorrow
hopefully that goes through that'll be
super fun we can drive out of the lot
with a brand spankin new Prius that'd be
sick let me guys know if anyone is being
brave and has a os7 beta1 on their
iPhones I'm loving it so far and I get
to actually use it a full day tomorrow
so we'll see actually how it is if it's
going to be super buggy or stuff like
that
I just don't know because I haven't used
it like through an entire day so let me
know if you guys are going to be doing
that if you guys are curious about doing
that you can always google it basically
though you have to understand that it's
beta software so it's buggy and you got
to put up with that and basically I just
signed myself up to put up with it until
release which is this fall so um that's
all we got today but I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog and as always we will
be seeing you tomorrow hopefully in a
shiny new car
that'd be awesome ok bye Oh
what is that what are you doing
no Missy is peeing on me now okay yeah
we really need to go pro for situations
like that it has a hose and I just
squirt it with my little pen thing
