I mean come on I've given up on life why
I think you've worn those like six days
straight huh no big offense kena so far
okay
look at how seeking cutie is your closer
there you go
oh I mean I we were going to me what you
thought I did
did you really I did good morning
beautiful people of the internet I am
doing some work on the computer Missy
had to run to work I'm doing a few
things done but I have a to-do list
karma what are you doing come on what
are you doing oh look at us I actually
fell asleep snacking on some chips last
night and now karma really wants up you
want a chip boy now you can have a chip
there too sharp give you a treat over
here oh you want to treat you like my
treat this early yes yes yes daddy
please let the homemade one the white
chocolate ones and these ones are good
ooh hey cookie if you don't know I've
actually tried these and they're not
that bad sit bang there you go we're
still trying to work on the whole bang
you're dead thing but he's kind of
getting it home boy I guess they had to
pull another tick off him this morning
you know what if it's just tick tick
season or what but all he literally does
is go outside in the back and if we
don't have like a field or anything and
ticks are still jumping on him which
really sucks I hate I hate seen ticks on
him and having to pull them off I am on
my way to work but it is almost noon so
I kind of I called in today but they
gave me just cuz it was such a late
night if you a little update my mom she
went into the emergency room and they
came back obviously because it was going
to be an eight-hour wait and there was
just no way that she could sit there
with an excruciating pain it was
kind of ridiculous came home and she
actually passed out she was really
really tired but then she woke up and
again like oh my god
pain get me out of here now so they went
to a different emergency room this time
and they actually were able to get her
in fairly quickly and they gave her
another total shot which is supposed to
help with the pain and so now they're
just trying to figure out what happened
like why did that happen after she had
the epidural why did she go into such
excruciating pain she couldn't even talk
it was like really really sad really
scary they say it can take up to 24 to
48 hours for the epidural to kick in so
we're just kind of like hoping and
praying that this will kick in because
he's trying to do laundry and Carmel got
off the bed
Kharma ah there's a monster of the
sheets he's running to the dresser don't
give karma a treat do you think you're
pretty she's very positive she says yes
to everything huh
you say yes to everything no okay so we
got a package from John Christina and
Zachary this is actually the lady from
bitty baby Banz
she actually sponsored one of our
giveaways looks like she sent us
something isn't it so cute and Christina
actually just had her son Zachary so
he's so adorable oh it's just like a
handmade uh whale for Oliver his room
it's so cute
thank you so much Christina I love it my
dad and karma are playing volleyball
with a balloon it's so funny Carmindy
won't hit it unless it's on his side can
you static or hit this way ready
ah check for my TV yeah facing the wrong
way
karma you can't face that way any time
oh I don't fit okay oh hang on oh I
can't even put my feet my legs under the
steering wheel Missy okay you're the one
who last drove this thing how do you fit
with that belly right there that's what
I want I don't got that belly it is such
a nice day out you guys it's like so
cool oh yeah yeah really like seven
years
it's like 100 in this car oh hi karma by
car so Missy Missy said I'm not doing
very good today I got chocolate on my
shirt I got chocolate on my shorts and
also paint paint where is it right here
yeah I just wasn't thinking
you know I almost put on I had these
plaid shorts I almost put on a striped
shirt and I was like Oh Missy would kill
me if I put that on huh yeah I mean come
on I've given up on life why I think
you've worn those like six days straight
huh
no only the essentials cookies got it oh
how many of bags of those we gone
through Missy so we're pretty particular
about the water we drink so we always
get these are little jugs refilled and
we have like a water dispenser in our
kitchen but I just saw that the place
that we actually get water from has boba
and I'm so excited because I actually
searched and I could not find anyone who
had it so I'm gonna see what they kind
of offer cuz it was so good and so yeah
I mean I really want me to try it too
actually
okay No
this isn't gonna win planet full power
I'm gonna win
and I went okay runaway cart now let's
say over here so I feel bad because I
ordered and I literally set it like four
times with boba sage and I know here
just like I sent out like four times
cannot believe that we found boba that's
so cool
I seriously looked everywhere online
trying to find a place that does it in
this random place that does like water
and ice souls sells boba so I got what I
got last time it's a mango banana
smoothie and got a little boba but was
in the bottom Missy refuses to try it
you're there one try one no way another
package what is it um Tony he also put a
question mark at the end of our
addresses two five zero six zero it's
buddy hot diaper Aussie it's a baby land
baby land yeah cool oh it's so cool yeah
so it's a pocket yeah Wow so it came
with two inserts and a diaper and it's
olive green building up power cloth
diaper sighs it's getting really awesome
I can't wait to do a video to show all
the cloth diapers yay
Jimmy's getting water out of my guard
one says hey that's my car
get out of that so me and Brian are
filming our bump date right now he's
trying to do something super cool with
us did you know that today I am 27 weeks
pregnant which means I am finally
officially in my third trimester that is
just scary
perfect stuttering yes we're gonna have
a baby soon like in a couple months
yeah okay so if it's we're like almost
to the end of May okay it's practically
June so we tells you through June and
July and then we're gonna have a baby
we're gonna have baby Missy
I know what are we gonna do the baby you
think he'll like live with us do you
think you'll like this take him to the
park
babies diapers that should be fun for
you just loving I think friend finished
it Oh ooh I like it I love the water
cool looks really good thinking anything
else no I think simple is good so yeah
now I have my own pink camera and these
are ideas bumpers right here and we're
valuing now and we're doing a bump date
this is like all crazy right here you
guys are gonna see okay well that was
fun
we just finished our bump date and you
guys even got to be in it isn't that
exciting Brian thought I was being a
dork I kind of was but I'm like really
hyper right now I don't know why
wholesome I'm extremely out of breath
and I feel like I'm going to melt
I might even be sweating like everywhere
it's so hot here we have to turn off all
the windows and all the doors because
when you're filming a video those sounds
like really are distracting so we have
to like melt while we're doing yeah mmm
it's like orange is it is it reset in
your color uh yeah I think we're good
now
yeah I don't think they'll ever
understand the color that our walls are
I know everywhere yeah on camera they
look like we live in a little dungeon we
don't so we're headed to target you
probably can't really see me but I'm
driving um and my car is very much
stuttering and I am like cutting it to
this gas station because along my
distance
we're interesting yeah also my windows
are very dirty and if you can tell but
um I'm all out of windshield fluid and I
never feel that basically I just really
need to get my oil changed also I'm just
like a hot mess with my car right now
we're gonna make it oh these are all out
of service okay all right that's awesome
Bynes actually finally cleaning the
windows this is on the inside though so
you can't claim that okay so a target
they have this cool safety stage thing
1/2 inch and according to this chart
Cassie should still be in a seat belt
positioning booster
oh yeah Cassie you got at least 2 more
inches uh and then you can get out of
the booster seat so pick one which one
do you like Cassie you want this cool
purple polka dot anyone I like this one
who this one's really cute so how's your
finger Missy
so yesterday I was started complaining
about finger issue and Brian said that
it was going to be an ingrown nail yeah
like we have an ingrown now you sort of
had like a different like pain before it
actually starts yeah well today I bang
it on something I hit it on something it
was literally shot of my arms at the
worst pain ever yeah and then she's like
my fingers hurting so bad and then she's
walking around the house like showing
everyone like my finger it's so bad
oh yeah ingrown fingernails are the
worst I'll miss is it already feeling
better it's not bad enough to give
everyone the finger hey oh my gosh you
guys look at this babe babe this cannot
be comfortable are you okay man Oh baby
oh my god it's like completely lopsided
yeah head butt oh my gosh
but do you oh that helps
kid
it slowly goes back yeah it's even
dipped better than it was
it's so weird to see that because like
he's so big in there and you don't
realize that you know he doesn't I'll
Wow a lot of him in there I was like
sitting at my desk and she's like
staring in the mirror like oh my gosh
and then I look at I'm like there's
something wrong with your belly so we
actually finished the last episode of
the office tonight if you guys didn't
watch it I'm gonna go a little bit of
spoilers so you might want to skip why
cuz it's the day after you should have
watched it anyway it was okay I won't
give any spoilers okay I'm sorry but it
was really cool they had some really
awesome surprises in there that I was
not expecting at all and I think they
wrapped up the entire series really
really well and it was kind of a satin
moment just to see it end you know they
kind of in in the actual show they
compared it to like Harry Potter ending
like something you don't want to end for
so long but it has to so that was kind
of cool to see like a Harry Potter
reference also but I loved the last line
that you know they ended the whole thing
was with was Pam saying there's a lot of
beauty in ordinary things isn't that
kind of the point and it was kind of
cool because I was thinking about that
and I was like yeah like or our ordinary
life is really beautiful and you find
really cool things in it and it just
like made me think about the vlogs and
like YouTube and I know that might be
silly like I'm comparing it to but I
mean that's how I see it is it's like
our life we're chosen to do something
really cool with it and to like capture
it and you know we may just live
ordinary lives but you find cool things
in-between so that's pretty cool huh
so let me know what you guys thought
about the office series finale if you
watched it in the comments below it's
definitely a sad day so no more office
but we still got our person rec anyway
I'm gonna go ahead and end the vlog but
thank you guys for watching and we will
see you tomorrow
peace probably
now let's see here mmm mmm it's like a
type of melon you know it's like watery
okay there we go
