always with the football oh thank you
he's the next Brett Favre who's that I
hope you okay look at how stinky poopy
is oh you're going to me what you want
it did did you really I did
good morning guys here's life I'm a
little sleeping tip for you don't fall
asleep in your jacket or big sweatpants
because you'll wake up covered in sweat
I learned that the hard way hey guys so
I just got off work which I'm so happy
cuz that means that it's weekend for me
and I don't have to think about work for
the next three days so it's always super
exciting oh I've just been in like a
really bummer mood today it took me
forever to finally get yesterday's vlog
up cuz YouTube was having all these
problems and it still didn't work the
way I wanted to but I was able to oh hi
karma and come oh okay okay thank you
Thank You Carla thank you thank you
Karen coming whoa careful
karma is really good at reading emotions
he knows when you're not feeling but he
knows when you're not feeling good spent
way too much time working on the YouTube
thing and I have a million things to do
and I don't want to do any of it and I
just want Missy to be home and she'll
cheer me up I'm sure once you get to
thank you did I have you oh you're my
boy it is tell like a windmill now I'm
just hit home I heard Brian had a pretty
rough day today I guess
a ton of problems and issues with
YouTube's are you always kind of that
right now so I'm sure he is looking
forward this evening all you guys want
to see something really gross brace
yourself for this if you're not good
with gross things I advise that you skip
the video about 20 seconds last night my
toenails snagged on something and it
completely ripped half of it off look at
that I have half a tonne out now on my
middle toe so sad and it for hate me see
the microwave it's seriously going off
and there's nothing happening it like
has a mind of its own
it is poo time in our house I am frying
up some pop stickers which I'm gonna put
my general sauce on and Missy's home
thank you for coming home today she's so
cute you guys she's just so cute oh
you're fine
shut up she's making food - you're
making a noodle that doesn't look very
appetizing Missy oh you got to pour this
powder stuff in it oh that's better
that made it way better oh it's super
good all right top stickers are Bernie
my plastic again I want to flip on
without using any kind of thing you know
like oh yeah it's working yeah I'm gonna
drop one on the floor me the microwave
is seriously possessed right now nothing
is there's nothing there's nothing
that's weird I totally was gonna show
you guys what I was eating
but I ate it like way too fast - you
betcha
Karma's crazy keeps running in and out
of the house what are you doing you want
to be in or out
Hey gonna go play boy play boy you got
to go play boy look at you with your
colleague huh he doesn't understand he's
just a child
mmm I want to put this on you okay mmm
look how pretty you are you sure pretty
baby mm-hmm what are you trying to say
what are you trying to say baby yeah hmm
you got your hand what do you want
high-five high-five she did it did you
know she doesn't have five high five
that's a slow fire accidentally hit her
in the face
Hey ha ha ha she really wants this ball
on the ground I just want to say I love
you and goodbye one more time no
everybody have fun so I got invited by
my boss actually he's meeting a couple
guys down AB you're a brewery in
Temecula which I've never been to so I'm
gonna go hang out with them with the
guys never done anything like this but I
just feel I feel cool I was like invited
moving up in the world Brian is off to
hang out with some friends and I'm
craving something sweet and I found this
Honey cornbread which sounds absolutely
delicious I know it's probably not as
good as like homemade but this is pretty
sing it good
I do love even the box kind of cornbread
so I'm gonna make it I did it so we've
got cornbread and then the most
important part when you make cornbread
for me is butter and a little bit of
honey yeah I got ready to try it
Hasse's never tried it before so she's
gonna try it peach I'll bite well she's
never tried have you tried corn bread
before thanks oh okay she just never
tried the honey butter which is just
just a little bit sweeter butter
basically yeah I like it
oh my gosh my family's so picky so I
just got out of the brewery um it was a
really really cool place I've never
actually been to a brewery but it was
really awesome they were like they have
like the huge like metal things like
brewing right in front of us and it was
actually really cheap too which was
crazy I was really surprised um but I
couldn't vlog in Arcis it was like super
loud I play music
and people were kind of going crazy but
I had fun and now I'm just waiting for
Missy to pick me up I feel like a little
kid after school so I'm off to pick up
Brian and hopefully he had a good time
because he's really stressed out today
he had a pretty stressful day and maybe
that helped him relax and then we can
get to work because we have a bump date
to do did you know that I'm 30 weeks 30
weeks like oh my gosh it's just getting
so close like I can't even be like when
I say 30 weeks I get like really freaked
out was so excited and he's getting
excited to he's starting to kick me like
crazy we're looking for an acorn squash
what is this it's yeah this is it
acorn squash definitely
you think that's not he's way bigger
than that
ah wait what about this one this one's
pretty big yeah but she's still not big
enough there's little box huh Bob jr.
you guys that's so cool I got these
things these are cool they're like spiny
ooh
dragon fruit oh my gosh Missy these are
so cool are you German
no have you I've tried it in like a
smoothie I think these look so cool too
though through it like amazing there's
like the everything looks so cool you
know like look at this God made this
Missy and he made it so that it would be
like look like a weird thing what are
these
alright guys in the comments what are
these what do you think these are look
at this hot mess you guys this is just
called unique fruit like what very
unique I wonder what it tastes like it's
like an orange probably just very unique
tasting we have to take a grocery break
so now miss you have to go to water oh
look at and the water has an otter in it
cuz you know you better honor honor what
you better ought to recycle it
so I'm sitting here and I can see the
marshmallows and I can smell them and
they just smell so good they are she's
crazy she thinks she can actually smell
the marshmallows I am pregnant
like a good 10 feet away babe
but when someone walks by it I can a
like brings a win watch okay
I don't smell any marshmallows
now I can I don't know what I want to do
with them yet make s'mores make rice
krispie treats
we should make rice krispies are you
guys seriously she says that she's
sitting right here and the marshmallows
are right there and she says that she
can smell them that's crazy talk no it's
not crazy not only do I already have a
really good nose sniffer but I'm gonna
pregnant and smell things even more hey
that's something you have in common with
karma there you go look what I got you
guys I got brownie mix and I got black
booze I'm doing it again I just loved it
so much I think I'm gonna try and make
the brownies a little smaller this time
last time I made I'm huge and they were
so good but I'm gonna do them a little
smaller this time so that's not like so
many calories a brownie yeah yeah so
they're like big and thin not like small
in fact
any hot so hot and fresh misty I'm 90
you feel it smell it
there's nothing I don't think there's
anything better in the world than fresh
french bread from Albertson do you want
a piece I bet you it's the best really
though
oh the bread yeah totes no France if
France or Italy what do you get French
bread from yeah well if I ever went
there I would much credit okay do I see
how freckly Missy is right now I've been
noticing it more and more now that she's
getting more Sun she has a ton of
freckles coming out babe it's new for me
are you sure you're not a ginger a lot
of freckles a nose kid probably cuz I
played in the Sun a lot like played
outside yeah look at all these little
freckles though like that's all new and
not me though I don't really have that
many freckles pretty funny does a lot of
freckles oh yeah French Broad Missy I
threw the French bread in the oven it's
seriously like amazing looking for blue
top huh wow you really didn't like the
pillows any marks um keeps rolling out
okay don't care my lovelies I was all
ago nope
always with the football oh thank you
he's the next Brett Favre who's that I
hope he was a football player we're not
really in the football you didn't get
that I've been using this coconut oil
for a couple days now and I'm like
seriously loving it it is a little bit
oily so for me like putting it on my
feet isn't really easy to do because it
like it's like oil so it doesn't like
make it very soft it just feels like oil
on my feet so I don't really like that
but other than not like I used it for
like to take off makeup I've used it to
wash my face we haven't cooked with it
yet yeah I'm a little nervous so that my
mom just bought some - she thought I was
so cool so now she's using it a lot and
she has it in the kitchen so I'm
thinking she's probably gonna cook with
it I'm really loving it though and I
love that it's great for like rashes and
it can be used with cloth diapering
because it I'm really weird about smells
and that has absolutely no smell and
karma loves it too he really does if I
do put on my feet he's like freaked on
you'll see my feet hung karma you like
coconut oil
he's only laying that
mr. Paul oh good catch all right guys
just finish doing the dishes and now
we're just getting ready for bed but I'm
in the mood for something sweet look at
least strawberry that probably for
smoothies oh I still have my skinny cow
things in here the chocolate peanut
butter one YUM I'm gonna eat this and
then edit the vlog and go to bed but I
thank you guys so much for watching and
as always you will see us tomorrow good
bye for Missy kind of how I feel if I
like a big burrito my belly it starts to
get like lopsided you know and then I
can feel like moving inside me I can
guarantee that your burrito feels
nothing like my 30 weeks so I just so
excited because I was like oh I know
that Apple's Worldwide Developer
Conference is coming up
