dallisa double me you cleared me so far
okay look at how speaking to PS oh
you're going to what God I did did you
really I did good morning bumpers and
happy Mother's Day to all the women out
there if you haven't got a chance the
Mother's Day video should be up so I
hope you guys have seen it and enjoyed
it and definitely let me know what you
think was a hard video to make and it
was especially a lot of emotions so we
are getting all ready we have friends
coming over and they should be here very
very soon
karma is already ready with his ball oh
he was just standing there
oh he's gonna pee okay excuse him hey
guys guess who's here it's Jerry
Michelle hashtag Nelson at the helm
what's up guys
look at that lounging on this dude okay
in yesterday's vlog I was literally
doing flips off the bed into the bean
bag really I think Missy saw that the
vlog isn't live yet so I'll show you
look at Nina you guys whenever new
people come to visit she just like yeah
yeah she's like coming to Rome I bet
someone who doesn't think I'm annoying
you have fresh meat shift cataracts
does she have cataracts no I think she
just has is marble in chihuahua nasty
eyes I'm totally look at her what a ham
I don't know you - oh my gosh Jared yeah
I didn't know I didn't know I really did
not know so we just want we just watched
the daily vlogging this he's like I need
to watch it to approve it and she kept
saying that and Jared thought she was
saying you have to go poop so he's like
don't you think okay
like she's holding oh we got California
strawberries I'm we literally just
brought them in and they set them there
and I can smell them from here do you
see the direction of where I am and
where they are and they smell so good
are they good Cathy's like Mackin hot
minute he's dripping Missy is cooking up
some hot dogs for lunch
funny story she's in the kitchen she's
barefoot and she's pregnant so I'm the
agree no it's not my dream come on
there's probably pie involved as well
they sound so good you hear them we're
like a band in our house like a really
good one actually Cassidy's favorite
band huh are you kind of freaking out
Cassie do you want me to have them sign
something for you look at it she's so
nervous she's like I don't know what to
do with myself they're saying if I do I
may have exaggerated about the size but
look at this I mean that's pretty that's
pretty big strawberry the size of a
iolite okay but seriously King you can
smell them just standing right here they
smell amazing right we'll try it tell
anything is it better than I know one
did you pick this yourself they sell on
the side of the road I use the thing
we're from the side of the road so I was
like hey look at Missy she's
double-fisting new strawberries good huh
yeah explain to the boys
so doesn't are we being gummy that I
found in the book section at the grocery
store and I got it for the boy a twinkle
a wink is the boys that I really tricked
with work out of the detail on this wait
a minute
yeah oh it's not a toy it's an actual
gummy honey it's like a gummy worm on
it's a gummy soldier that's so cool
just bite the head off no no no okay
this army here's the thing when you like
that's pretty more of it cuz when you
eat him it is a yeah what what they
swallow the whole okay
otherwise you're gonna have a few legs
left oh yeah you only got this it's like
sour apple right yeah that's so cool
thanks for saving that for me now
it's your climbing okay so this is the
Nelsons California yep we are the
Nelsons Brian and Missy linning and
Lucchese Hollister drove all night which
was pretty fun
we haven't slept in a long time nice to
say hey to all of you loggers on things
or bumpers or whatever they call you oh
yeah what are they called
bumper newer newer newer they are called
individual so you use YouTube okay
computer Watchers those are your age of
75 Internet users computer human baby
clickers okay like cruise you guys
should like the vlog so maybe we're
gonna call you Lakers but only if you
like it
there are dislike errs cuz I don't know
why that happens but like 2500 people
have viewed my video and like 85 people
like this I'm like what did they hate it
we don't know sir we only know they
liked it who dis my dress well they
could have in the past couple days I
mean we check it every days I just
picked a piece of strawberry on my teeth
please don't put that in my blog she
like really good a hula hooping ok day
go she'll whoa I didn't realize we were
getting like a show really good that's
really good
thousand dollar fine wait why do you
practice this oh whoa that's kind of
cool so we're at the trampoline park
with Jared and Michelle
and Ramsey for birthday party double me
you cleared me there goes Jared
oh my god
hahaha
that's called the Superman or super
Nelson
I'm gonna try and get that blue officer
right there for always over okay what do
you think
I got one more try yeah that's it that's
it that's it
oh you actually got it
I got the blue lock people together they
actually got it it's so cute I never win
those look at I won for ollie
it's a blue lobster it kind of goes
along with this theme right so we just
got back from the trampoline park and
we're all pretty tired Jarrod like laid
down and he is out like a light but they
drove for like 14 hours so he's gonna
take a nap and then we're gonna go do
some filming but we got a couple
packages from you guys so we want to see
what we got but it's from the Aiden
family Aiden family cool
okay oh my gosh did bibs cool
oh my gosh you guys what is burp cloth
little burp cloth so these are the ones
you throw over here right and then they
burp them and they get all this nasty
stuff out of their mouth mm-hmm
what's that baby and time it's basically
a diaper rash powder anti monkey butt
yeah a rattle oh is a monkey oh sure and
some shorts all those shorts are cool
just like a receiving blanket nice
there's another rattle oh cool like a oh
 that's cool and then we got mittens
nice
so where the the mittens like that or is
that just so they don't scratch
themselves um yeah Oh cuz they get
fingernails and stuff oh they're Tommee
Tippee breast pads
oh cool so you keep your shirts clean
yeah my shirts clean when you sleep at
night right yes oh cool may you all be
very blessed much loved Ian's family
Lisa
M&M bouquet oh thank you guys that was
really really nice I wasn't like an
awesome package together that was a lot
of stuff thank you alright we got
another package oh this is from Alex and
Maddie from farewell Missouri am I am I
we're so badly all wheezy like Missouri
mrs. gooje oxygen high school yeah we
did in geography not paint it right
after lunchtime and we get um Chinese
food every lunch and then we'd have to
say in the hall we were always late to
that class so yeah that's why we don't
know our say it every nation's
as cool little huh well shirt oh look
it's like it well up there
yes it oh no I'm look at a tank-top
onesie it's so cute that's so cool
that'll be a base in the summertime for
sure yeah little shorts and just a nice
black maxi it wasn't me it wasn't me
that's cute he's gonna be pretty smelly
yeah don't thank you so much to Alex and
Maddie Maddie gave us a card and she
says by the way I'm only 16 and I love
your vlogs yeah we try to make it so you
know where appropriate all ages we try
and make our mugs appropriate or at
least for everyone everyone friendly all
right fun for everyone to watch yeah no
matter what age he is so adorable I'm
going to steal him please don't don't
steal our baby oh there's something else
in here with a little note before you
remove the sticky notes let me just tell
you what it means it means I love you
Oliver
oh okay it's so cute it says I love you
Oliver in Chinese wow that's really cool
thank you guys I was so cool you guys
are so awesome I'm seriously just like
blown away by your guys's kindness and
support and love I'm kind of a boy mmm
Carla are cuddling he's hanging out his
brother yeah Oliver with kicking his
face and iSeries either like we're
getting ready to film is that all set up
in the wood
Karma's ready to play with a buck with a
bullet step hang on ready crime karma
come here
see you later my good job that fun
so we're getting all set up to do this
video and there's these two kids running
around with these big rifles just
playing war having fun you know but of
course they chose this place and today
you don't want to get shot over here
scared come on I won't go play get him
get up get him seriously sounds like
Vietnam out here
I'm just playing with another dog but
he's stalking him oh there he goes
good money he does this thing where he
likes to crouch down and like stop them
and try and scare him it's a funny thing
we had to leave the recording areas
promise you can't tell he's a panther I
think yes it still he wants to like run
around and play and so he's just too
loud so we're gonna sit over here in the
grass Ellaria a tree there they are
that means they're done so we just
finished actually one off that stick we
are in nature did finish the video for
the acoustic version of their song and
now we're just going to snap some quick
picks but it came out really really good
if I'm very ambitious and I finish it
tonight I'll link it at the bottom this
video so you guys can check out and see
what it's all about but Missy's being
such a good sport she's just hanging out
with karma over there what are you doing
really yeah that's how it rolls Jerry
Thompson with a guitar so nice talking
find somebody with a guitar
really Oh his friends are like whoa
Karm are you okay you look cute little
Corgi that's a corgi right okay did he
get you boy oh I find some with musical
instrument like yeah like way Jade go we
always like fighting with some old guys
every time
thank you see every single time we've
got get it get it get it
get away oh good job boy beer now at the
hot tub trying to relax from our very
busy crazy day and yeah I mean after the
trampoline park or anything so sore I
know you guys have no idea when we're
gonna be bad at shooting tomorrow yeah
they're like having a really busy day
tomorrow and they have no idea about
they're gonna hurt cuz they were going
crazy on that on the trampolines someone
totally trashed the stools it's like a
total bummer that so so they like threw
firecrackers in there yeah and there's
like trash and stuff inside of it not
cool whoever did that if you're watching
that that's creepy Shane Lacey yeah but
just a kick in oh that's true the crime
rate just went up we are just getting
home after our hot tub so we had a
really awesome day it was really long
and everyone's exhausted and tired and
so we hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
tomorrow it's going to be another big
long day they're going to be filming all
day probably at the beach so that should
be a really fun interesting vlog but I
hope you guys had an amazing Mother's
Day and I hope you guys enjoyed the
Mother's Day video like I said earlier
we worked super hard on it and it was
just something that was really special
and that we wanted to share so I hope
you guys enjoyed it and I guess we will
see you guys tomorrow bye I love it you
can tell you love it cuz we're kind of
like speechless okay there's like wow
that means a lot
yeah so the necklace was set by Sara who
actually has two boys herself almost and
Asher those are like the coolest names
ever bTW but yeah that was so nice of
her and she actually has a YouTube
channel called slim down Sara which will
link below if you guys want to check it
out
