kind of weird thing to talk about right
now but there's no one around me no one
around me except I'm talking to like a
couple thousand people so
did did you really I did
good morning bumpers I said today is an
exciting morning I'm actually headed to
work to film a short little video but a
celebrity is going to be making a cameo
actually we're gonna be filming with
zhenya this morning if you don't know
zhenya was on the first season of The
Voice she was second place on Blake's
team she's a really cool song out of
hiding places her big song was singing
you home seeing you really super
exciting that I get to work with her and
finally meet her it's kind of funny
because every time I meet a little I
birdie a celebrity I get like
tongue-tied and like I act really cool
here like one time I met Tori Kelly at
the premiere of Hunger Games and I
literally could not control myself I was
so crazy I made the biggest fool out of
myself okay guys so we're at Rancho now
and look who's here
it's Zegna high five oh this girl's gone
places she was on oh look at him he's
gotta get in I'm just like what is this
call when you just like good in
somebody's camera shot video button
video so Zen he was actually on the
voice you're on the first season and you
got second place right yeah crazy she's
18 and she's going place with you guys
so check out her single hiding places
and she also has another song out seeing
you home that was your first single yeah
it's an EP actually which is for a song
yeah but the single is you know yeah
anyway not so cool I get to work with
onion today boom and we're actually
doing like a spoof on the voice so I
mean this is perfect yeah to major music
videos world tour and she's bringing us
coffee
wait what you get is that green tea yeah
oh nice
this is mine it's pretty much sugar
water oh I'm here with the incomparable
Jeffrey Johnson
sup Stein wait so who have you been on
tour with uh uh you know look at I'm not
a name job he's like loving this he's
eating this up One Republic Dia Frampton
Sonya did you ever do anything with Tori
did a lot of stuff with Tori Kelly yeah
musical stuff yeah I asked him I was
like you ever watch our daily Channel
he's like am I ever in it
well now you are talking to this person
right here at the camera love it yeah
this is YouTube right here this is my
viewers they're called bumpers
I just threw his ball at me so I could
throw it for him always about the ball
isn't it I just got off work and I if
you can't tell and back in my clothes
that I wore yesterday we did not get all
the shots that we were wanting and so
we're needing to get new more sense of
shots so I had to put all my clothes
back on and go we're gonna have to go
back down there but today's my bum days
we also have to film not so much filming
this week it's been crazy but a lot of
really good videos and a lot of just
really good stuff I think so give me a
busy day busy day this week it's just
been a busy week alright guys so we just
finished filming over at Rancho now
we're having tipper toplay and I think
it went really good I'll actually link
the video when it's finished so that you
guys can actually see it
Geoffrey's telling me how to place
camera I think I know what I'm doing bro
but yeah it was really fun Zegna
actually played the role of shakira he
did pretty good good little Spanish
accent going on so we are back on
location we just have a few more things
to fill for the video and then I can
start finishing it up and getting it
ready to release on Sunday but today has
just been a busy busy day I filmed all
morning and why it's Thursday and I'm
like already behind on things and I have
to be up super early tomorrow morning
because I'm filming all day tomorrow as
well so we totally got all the way down
that huge Hill walked all the way down
here and realize we forgot like a huge
thing luckily though we're gonna keep
doing what we're doing and my mom's
gonna bring it down so that saves us a
ton of time cuz like we had to drive all
the way home and all the way back it's
probably be dark by then but I am having
the worst like zaps I don't know if
you've heard of it but it's called
Lightning crotch it's kind of weird
thing to talk about right now but no one
around me except I'm talking to like a
couple thousand people so that's weird
anyways yeah I've never heard of it
basically the baby is like he his head
is like bouncing on my cervix and it
creates this like electricity that goes
through you is so painful so I'm like
walking like wow oh it's like really
really painful so I'm trying to like sit
down and relax while Bryan gets set up
and then we can start filming and then
we can do my bump day I just can't wait
to do my bump date that's what I love
doing my bump date we are out of dog
park and this guy is driving his golf
cart
I mean I guess that's kind of cool if I
couldn't have a golf cart I'd definitely
drive it down here but it's so weird all
these dogs and then he's riding his golf
cart around that dogs not even running
it inside the golf cart so funny so we
are all finished now we totally beat the
Sun it's just starting to come down on
Cassie's here because she dropped off
the box because she's awesome but while
we were waiting actually we decided to
do some maternity pictures Missy's like
just take some pictures of me so we did
and we kind of got a little carried away
I'll show you guys some if I can on the
camera we basically just set up over
there I think they look good yeah like
the cute little pigeon-toed thing she's
doing Oh what is she doing oh my god
Tessie is climbing a tree get to the top
get to the top all the way that looks
like an easy tree to climb just go all
the way to the top
are you done just grab onto your hands
with that and swing your way down and if
you fall then I'll get it on camera for
AFV oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh oh
my gosh okay you really are like a
monkey I'm gonna walk in vlog you just
get ready so last night I was actually I
mentioned that yesterday was a pretty
emotional day and I kind of just didn't
want to bring this up to Missy because
she's in a good mood right now but
yesterday we had a little bit of an
emotional day and I just put into
perspective how much this project means
to her you know and talking about being
a mom and stuff like that so yesterday
we actually she had to do the narration
and some of the things she were saying
we're just really real and
very poignant that the word poignant I'm
not sure but she really got into it and
she kind of she kept having me to redo
it and then she kind of just paused and
then just started crying it was tough
you know I mean these are tough things
to deal with but we're doing it so I
mean for all those people who I mean
don't see us like sad yesterday was one
of those sad days it's kind of just
something that we had to work through
but I'm really really excited for this
video I'm really excited for everyone to
see what we're doing it's something I
think that's been a long time coming for
Missy there are groundhogs everywhere
have you guys ever heard is that what
they're called gopher no prairie dog oh
I think they're prairie dogs actually
have you heard no Oh Dean what are they
called
they're Gophers oh well you know that
phrase have you ever heard that phrase
prairie-dogging it yeah Gophers do the
same thing they stick their head in and
out of the hole
well prairie-dogging it does mean some
I'm not gonna tell you guys Oh weird
I just thought it was funny I was just
like oh he's prairie-dogging it but he's
an actual like Prairie doc well he's not
on a prairie dog but I'm not gonna tell
you a prairie dog and that means you
guys got Google that what I really hope
it's not what I think it is this really
does help we're pushing her out so you
like the hill of death it's not even
that slanted it's the worst thing ever
it's really this really is nice it's
like back support I like walk and it
helps me go hey how the work is hard to
go yeah
feels great really easy to do hey guys
let's good Nick the baby is the size of
a cucumber
cucumber zucchini telly cucumber right
Oh No yeah we're getting that cucumber
now for the bump dirt but not this yummy
looking produce 13 weeks Bo oh the
baby's here possibly before that that's
awesome I'm hoping that they have theirs
my eggs your say fakes
wait a minute wait a minute wait a
minute yeah anyway right no no no no
yeah they're really gone okay so mom if
you're watching this and you just give
ahead like 20 seconds cuz I'm gonna show
everyone the awesome thing that I got
you okay did you skip did you skip okay
we're just cool guard okay mom
I hope you didn't see that you better
have script ahead like I told Michelle
so I'm going through the comments on
today's vlog yesterday's vlog and we got
a comment from triva Jordan baby who
actually asked Brian do you still work
as a server well I haven't really said
anything about it cuz I guess I didn't
really it wasn't that big of a deal but
I actually did quit my serving position
I have been a server for holy 7 years
and I was just over it I think I was
really just done I had done it so long
and I wasn't getting anything out of it
anymore
and actually at the same time the job
the other job that I had was actually
offering me a lot more hours I just made
the executive decision to say you know
what I'm kind of done with that part of
my life now and ever since actually
quitting that job so many more
opportunities have opened up I have a
much nicer schedule so I am actually
enjoying it a lot better but yeah like
being a server is it's interesting it's
a really interesting work work
environment probably not something that
I want my kids doing but like I said I
just done it for so long
and I was good at it I knew I was good
at it but I I guess I just got to the
point where I was done he always knows
oh hi boy karma was just sleeping like
with his head down on the baby blanket
oh boy
and I was like I'm gonna get him while
he's sleeping cuz he looks so cute and
then I turn on the camera go right and
as I go Carla you're all over the baby
stuff come on what oh okay you need a
haircut boy stigma bang yeah yeah he
totally does Hey so I seriously can't
help it but we play this game
letterpress and I don't know if you guys
I've heard of it but it's an app game
and it's like a word game and I've
literally word app game okay it's an app
and it's a word game
I literally kick everyone's butt at it
I'm just saying this is my cousin right
now if you don't know if you have all
like
all the blue is me and then like that
she has one point and like I can't help
it I do this to everyone and they get so
mad at me yeah I basically just ruined
the gangs I just blocked them into a
corner and I make them lose and just
like winning
so karmic just came in here and jumped
up on the bed and started laying down
all sad of course he's not now because
he heard the camera go and I was like
well why did karma come in here usually
like bored or something and then I came
out here and this is where I see Claire
I don't see Claire like Oliver kicked so
hard that clearly
karma just came into the room and he
literally like jumped on the bed and
like went like put his head on the bed
and I was like what's going on because
you're cheating on him with Claire bear
yeah he did not like it when I did ever
love so you know we were trying to
figure out something to do with the
ultrasound pictures and I had the idea
of putting in though them in the armoire
well I actually did it
so I strung like a string all on the
inside and then I pinned um I really
want to use miniature clips and I know
I've seen something like at the dollar
store but I haven't been able to find
any so I'm just using the big ones for
right now but we're definitely looking
for the little ones because you I think
you I think they'll hold it a little bit
steadier but yeah we have all our
favorite ultrasound pictures up here a
little arm I love his little arm he's
like so yeah actually have a ton more
but the Harry Potter books did really
good at flattening them too so that's
good so I like this this is good for
right now we'll see what happens and
it's dark obviously because it'll be
closed so I hear that they actually fade
a lot in the light but as long as
they're in a dark area they should be
okay so alright guys so that's it for
today's vlog it was a really busy day if
you're watching this
hey Zegna and thank you for not like
cool girl and me I guess you can say but
anyway I'm gonna get ready
for bed well actually I'm ready for bed
I'm going to edit this vlog and a
million other things and I got to get up
early tomorrow film so another busy day
thank you guys for watching so much and
we will see you tomorrow
good thumbtack not very long it's not
baby yeah see look at everyone else puts
their carbon 2sp
huh this person's forever alone Oh
