I've got the craziest array of things
here so I have a karma frisbee converse
ball launcher um a bra Missy
you know anything about this okay look
at how these two PS oh you're going to
me what you thought I did did you really
I did Carla where I owe our blanket guy
ride good morning that wasn't fun I
covered him in pillows first he was not
well he thought the pillows was fun but
then the blankets just ruined it huh we
are up and cleaning also cleaning today
and Brian's working editing editing my
video
I'm cleaning and then we're headed to
the park but so sad karma thought we
were going to the pup dog park and so he
got really excited but we're actually
not going to the dog park arm I'm so
sorry
I know don't don't be sad
I know we took a little Bowl my lady
enter your carriage and we shall be off
to the kingdom of frolicking supposed to
say Oh what is that smell
ah I think that's wet stuff in the back
from when we went swimming whoo it's
really bad though we should probably
take that out of the car I probably need
to just clean my whole entire car in
general I become quite the slob Missy
has noticed so yeah maybe maybe we can
do that today maybe you can do that all
right so we grab some yummy stuff for
lunch
and now we are headed to the park and of
course we're late because we're always
like when we're supposed to meet John
only John though it's really weird how
and he's though he's like he's the
friend that is like so affected by us
being late he's like oh you're late
again huh and I think because of that
subconsciously we make ourselves late
and I think it's not works even he knows
that we really so it's like I whatever
John I'll be late yeah we got time Hey
look at these cool uh hummus cups I got
it came with like a ton of hummus and
hardly any pretzels I used all the
pretzels up and now I need more pretzels
but I actually have pretzels at home and
hummus at home for that matter yeah
these things are cool they're like
little to go figs yeah what is that is
it cool is that is this yours yeah you
control bail and I'll control the Beast
how's this work attend has all this time
as long as it could be I don't know I
just imagine okay how does that
happening we are defying the laws of
physics here people kept this joke
beasts realize his inner beast and
accidentally smacked fell how could you
do that and then she like flipped up and
then turns out she has magical powers
and she flew over him just like that's
not gonna happen just not the park
and that was fun although it's pretty
warm day and for this gradient mama I
need to be an air conditioner and maybe
a pool I'm just kidding but I will say
that Brian's son right now is definitely
cleaning my cervix and it's not fun it's
like really super uncomfortable I notice
all arms regresa legs come out you know
is how like way if he's doing something
wrong my son yes I think that's just
going to be how it is so we picked up
Missy's dad Jim who you guys loved while
we were at lunch with John you know we
were talking about how we really want to
start making our finances as low as
possible you know with all of our coming
we just want to make sure you know that
we are going to be completely okay
financially and we were talking about
the car and how you know it was it's
kind of like a big monthly payment it's
kind of something we'd like to do
without and John had mentioned leasing a
car and we do have Missy's car we just
paid off and so we're gonna head down to
the dealership which I hate doing
dealerships a lot of time we went to the
dealership it was like the worst
experience ever but we have Missy's dad
so hopefully it'll be a little nicer we
have two cars that we want to trade in
because we're going to be a one-car
family pretty soon when Missy's not
working so that's we're going to do now
I'm super stressed about it I I just
hate dealerships and Missy is like she's
like the queen of power like oh you
don't want to give me that okay I'm
leaving
we are looking at some Priuses here and
we got a lot of questions about the
lease which is really really nice but
really looking at the Prius we really
want the Prius because we spend like 300
ollars a month on gas it's ridiculous
some really cool cars I love the C's I
love the orange miss he's not digging
the orange tow but these are like just
little Priuses be enough room for karma
in the back so we're right now trying
out the Prius C
I really like this one a lot more than
the regular model it seems I don't know
I feel like lower to the ground it feels
like it it steers different yeah I don't
know yeah I mean eyes although I like
the regular Prius a little bit more just
because it has more grooming Karma can
be in the back and we can know and just
see more room here with a baby and a
stroller and all that but the time this
is probably going to be a lot better for
us we don't need that much room on that
David deals so we're not big on like
luxury - it doesn't matter yeah we don't
need like all the special little gadgets
that come along with princes but but
what are you guys saying who has a Prius
let me know in the comments if you guys
have a Prius and what you think about it
we just love that we can actually save
so much money on gas a month that would
be yeah my parents have a Prius and we
it's just amazing so plus there's
buttons on the steering wheel that's
really cool okay so we just lost the
dealership and you know how buying cars
goes it's like the worst you know is
they just want to like play games with
you so but we got we got some numbers
and we went ahead and just said that
we're gonna walk away for now
we might go back later time because they
really seem to want our business and
that's what you want you want them to
want your business so now we're just
going to go home and relax for a little
bit and then go and go back to sleep so
a lot of people really like Bob the
butternut squash she's just over here
chillin sup Bob so you see the block
you're our sort of Lord yeah I mean you
know about the voicing I'm really sector
work you the squeaky voice what kind of
daughter you do you wanna show you some
squirrels I'm sorry hey did you see what
people are saying about you on Facebook
though one girl said that she thinks
before it's pretty sexy no way everyone
also says that you look like Gerald from
Hey Arnold yeah
Arthur thought a lot they say I should
draw a fake hair on your forehead
what ain't nothing wrong my forehead you
know I gonna be fun of a lot of that so
we decided we're going back down to the
dealership later tonight um but we're
just cleaning out our cars cuz like I
said I've been kind of a slob lately and
there's a lot going on down here so
we're gonna clean up the cars a little
Missy how's your car I've heard not that
bad
alright that's like a purse like there's
just a little throw up yeah I mean I did
chicken it one time but normally my car
is we nastier than here yeah in my car
speed offender I've got the craziest
array of things in here so I have a
karma frisbee
Karma's ball launcher um a bra Missy you
know anything about this yeah trash cans
towels it's just like a crazy mess up on
her my feet have been really dirty since
I was wearing my flip-flops all day so I
just watched them and I dried them off
with our new purple towel that Macy made
in yesterday's vlog and I'm about to put
on my new purple socks as well and it
back to the dealership gonna see what
they can do
Missy's in front of me and we still
haven't registered Missy's car just
because we weren't entirely sure if we
needed to because we weren't entirely
sure if we were actually going to keep
it because we've been thinking about
getting rid of it for a while because we
really we don't need two cars in this
family we have plenty of backup cars and
so her car's not registered so I'm
trying to stay close behind her so a cop
can't get behind her I was just still
thinking about this whole lease thing
and honestly I think what's going to be
really good for us because we don't
really drive a lot we can stay within
12,000 miles a year which really isn't
hard for us and it's significantly
cheaper and I think that it would be I
think it'll be good a good thing for us
especially if we can get the Prius and
get that gas mileage oh my gosh fifty
miles per gallon that would be sick it's
probably super boring but we are at the
office and we're waiting and the Sun is
going down and we're hungry and we just
want a freaking car we want to leave
cooee what we're Express cookie that's
right the other cookie from yesterday's
vlog we're gonna wait them we need to
ration it as you can see it's dark out
and we're still at the car lot but it
takes forever but you know they gave us
a good offer and something just came up
with Missy's car so we had to take care
of that we get tonight to think about it
tomorrow see if we can actually get us
in a car and all Missy has to do is pick
a color because she gets to pick the
color for this car even though it's both
of our car she gets to pick the color
but I'm pretty sure this is the one we
test-drove so decide oh the only color
she can't have is white because it's
more expensive like yeah it's like a
pearly white yeah but just because she
can have it makes her wanting even more
like a word this is it's probably a who
it is like speckly it's really pretty
here
yeah but I'm we're thinking about this
sea grass dream I don't know if I think
that it's like
oh babe you it's totally old lady we're
not getting senior I told you you can
choose but I don't like the green well
as long as we can look at it but we
still got a side but it's been a super
super long night and we're ready to go
it's super boring blogs all about buying
stupid car oh man guys it's been such a
long day Karma's been so sad he hasn't
had anyone to hang out with well I know
he has Cassie but he didn't have any us
to hang out with wrong Brian should be
finished with my birth plan tonight so
it should be on it should be up
hopefully so check the description below
if you can't because it might actually
be up right now so you can go watch it
don't eat dinner it's so late and I'm
it's late it's not good buying a car is
like not even an all-day thing it's a
mall it's like a two-day thing it's like
the worst thing to ever happen but we're
doing really good we're doing really
good we're getting what we want we're
getting like a good price that we're
looking at so I feel really confident
about this I feel like we're doing
really good being very like safe and
luckily we were able to leave and we can
think more about it and then we'll be
able to make decision for sure too mom
yeah I don't think a lot of people get
that option no I think we're pretty
lucky we Pete you can you the option but
then you piss off the dealers and so in
this case we actually were able to walk
away not piss off her dealers we're okay
and so it's just it was totally a
win-win mate it's what was for dinner
tonight cuz she's just putting away some
food but she is still wearing the Fitbit
right yeah and you're gonna wear it all
night I'm gonna wear it for the night
because I'm really interested in my
sleep pattern but I definitely wouldn't
want to wear this all day yeah annoying
and so she's gonna wear it tonight and
see actually how it affects receipt
because she doesn't think she's sleeping
very good obviously she's in her third
trimester and she's pregnant so I know
that's looking good but I'd like to know
at least how much I am getting
it's been a long stressful day I did
want to say that I know that obviously
getting a car is a huge decision and we
have lots of people who like to comment
and give advice but I just want to ask
you guys you know we at we feel really
good about what we're doing and we have
a lot of people you know backing us up
and
guess that this is a good decision so we
would just really appreciate on you know
lots of encouragement in the comments
because it's a big stressful thing
buying a car is not something that's
easy it's not something that's fun but
hopefully we'll actually get to have fun
tomorrow and pick up the car tomorrow to
which so that should be pretty cool but
look at Karma is even ready for badge
you ready for bad boy I'm gonna go to
bed
you're gonna go to bed with your ball
you're gonna dream of going on a walk or
playing with the squirrel weed or
Matthew huh
I'll let Bob say good night to you guys
kay just wanted to remind you guys that
you should like the video and you should
leave a comment and tell me what your
favorite fruit or vegetable is I'm
looking for a new bride and I would love
suggestions thank you guys for watching
the David bulbs and I'll see you
tomorrow
he just told me there may not even be
SME in the drive I'm like freaking out
because I tried foot I remember trying
to put one in there and it want to go in
I don't know what's going cross I'm not
dork made I really thought it was if
this really isn't okay he's gonna put a
CDN out let's see what really happens it
really goes in let's see
