Oh Missy had a little accident
Tina so far okay look at how stinky
cutie is there you go oh you're going to
me what what I did
did you really I did
good morning boppers I am sitting on the
toilet don't worry I'm not pooping I'm
just chilling here with Missy while she
does her hair for getting ready for our
high-risk appointment when perinatology
this morning
yep we still head down that's my biggest
age oh really yeah I'm sure it is so I
put something on my diet
feel like indeed on my belly button
because it was like getting kind of red
and now I can't give it all my
bellybutton ring it hole is like tearing
I mean I don't know for sure but it just
is really red and sore and it really
like hearts - oh that's bad it really
hurts
keep it on I'm just ready no I have to
take it off for the ultrasound oh so
yeah and like I have all that hair there
cuz there's I'm pregnant and I grow lots
of hair everywhere oh also just rip it
off like a band-aid no let's get it like
a band-aid is it bleeding or children
it's just red and it's like hurts like
it like feels like it's tearing hidden
hmm I was okay that freaks me out that
part of your stomach could be tearing
but I don't think it's like tearing like
this like I think it's just kind of like
widening out like this okay it smells
like poop out here
not good for a place where pregnant
women are walking in huh we are walking
into the ultrasound now and I'm gonna
try and get some footage of Oliver in 3d
cuz I screwed up last time okay
screwed up really did oh my gosh
he's so cute
oh my gosh I'm dying
my gosh yeah that membrane you know you
have the bike when you write that yeah
the membrane started with the nose look
at those cheeks though moving too much
that is Han I think you people all right
stop looking at me yeah
oh my god
he's like moving around moveaway too
much yeah it's not that my pictures way
too blurry cuz it the face there he's
really nestled in there yeah he was just
moving way too much find his nap time
and make those appointments doing
everything today yeah so we just got
back from our appointment and it was
super super good I'll probably talk
really in-depth about it on my bump date
because it was a long appointment but
now we are having lunch I'm having stew
YUM
bread and yes this is an adult-sized
capri-sun
it's real student me but yes it only has
potatoes and meat in it that is it I
lost even of that lens then mm-hmm wow
it's delicious
but yeah it's it I guess it's how we
make stew but it's exactly how we like
it and it's perfect but Brian doesn't
really agree any things that there needs
to be more things in it are you doing
you're gonna reply to Missy's text
messages you got a lot going on in your
phone there you go Oh Bailey go get it
and bring it to Missy there you go
oh she's down Bailey give it to Missy
you want me to brush your hair you got
you're walking around this hairbrush
here whoo mmm that smile
all right so you just got a package in
the mail so from fulfillment center
performance and it loves oh I'm actually
this is from misty um in Pennsylvania
and a t-shirt crab t-shirt with some
pants that's cute
oh and pinch me I'm cute onesie huh Oh
some little monster pants how nice
mommy's little monster onesie oh oh
that's so cute Thank You misty maybe
mommy's little monster but he's not
gonna have horns we saw we saw no option
today there was no horn what's that
missy is punting we started this project
a couple days ago and I don't think we
will be very happy if we didn't finish
it red looks awesome
it's really nice against the white too
so now we have to do is the mantle on
the fireplace then over the big mirror
thing and the archway and then this wall
so that should be fun I'm pretty sure
that I'll be doing this part so I just
had to drop off a package that I was
sending a client but we had another
package waiting for us so I we basically
I drop off package and we pick up one
that is nuts any we know we've actually
gotten at wrapping paper a couple times
oh and look at this it's actually
specifically to Oliver so I guess we
gotta wait till he's here and to open it
and wait till he has the muscle capacity
and dexterity to open a package I guess
we're probably gonna open it you're
trapped Bailey he dropped I'm sorry I'm
sorry you can't come out hi but you can
say hi everyone hi boom move nigga -
Maya huh we have her quarantined into
this area because we are now punting
over here what if we painted them here
it's kind of random that we have a
mirror in the middle of our living room
but trust me we did not put it here it
came with the house why don't we just
take the mirror off what's behind it
what if there's like a secret door Missy
- what the kitchen I don't know - like
come on there's a good like I don't I
think the cabinets are right there I'm
just I'm just thinking out loud miss if
if we got rid of this mirror you paint
it with chalkboard paint have a hole
chalkboard wall and not for chalkboard
wall really I think it's any gonna be
messy yeah well when I have in my own
office that's my dream to have one wall
chalkboard get everyone in adult and big
neon lights and a chocolate fountain ya
know cuz it's my office I can do what I
want a chocolate fountain of yeah I'll
go in Oh Missy had a little accident
scuse me Bailey hey Bailey
I'm vlogging here that's really funny
babe so now we just have to paint all
the tile yeah paint already awesome we
apparently are just dealing with paint
disasters laughing right because I just
got it all over my shirt and I was
totally bummed but I think I washed it
all out now I need a new shirt CJ look
it ah-choo
Oh big old booger you take my booger
yeah yeah booger on you oh bugger baby
yeah
who is that who is that oh let you oh
it's you oh we just had these oh oh um I
don't know I don't know knee cap leg ah
come on breast I don't know Pass
whistling OH
sneezing laughing boy you're buggin as a
beggar the roof
hmm that was pretty good really eating
an Oreo come on we just adios what for
for fun we got a tape ball going on
let's see this is the last of it
yep no more tape right we all done
painting learning a decent touch-ups but
some point yeah I just tell myself that
yeah make myself feel better that oh one
day I'll think that I don't know if you
guys know this but Missy is very weird
about her Oreos she can only eat them
with a tall glass of milk and she does
not eat the cream at all which is really
weird so if I in an Oreo I have to break
mine apart and then she puts the cream
from her hurry up so we forever only
need to buy single Stuf Oreos cuz I mean
I get double stuffed Oreos because she
doesn't eat I don't understand how you
can eat eat the chocolate the creams
like the best part here is gross
look at that look at me see it's like
coming out there's so much of it just
one of the many quirky Corky that's the
right word I chose the right word things
about my wife so we got another package
from windy in California and I'm going
to try and open this she got us a halo
sleep sack so it's a nice comfy sleep
sack that he can sleep in some socks oh
they're like stuck in the hobos lock
Mundy's cool hey Carmen
good boy and oh this is so cute so cute
yeah these don't fit though so oh man
that's so goo what size are those
uncle these friends are actually from
windy whose little boy is a tin and if
you guys don't know a tin is actually my
text tone oh dude that magic dude okay
he kept repeating Missy all day after a
vlog and she sent us the video and I
turned it into my text tone and I'm
seriously I've been rocking it for like
five days now step boy come on oh come
on get out of the closet you came out of
the closet they finally just got done
painting I'm exhausted
if you want to look this is what it
looks like now it looks gold but it's
actually a very light brown nose color
tannish color and then we've got weed
Ange the red and then we did the red
over on here and then we did red over
there so and now I have tons of battle
scars I've got kin this is that shred
this cut this mess you need to clarify
they're not scars okay really I would I
saw those like what did I do
oh yeah I painted I'm attempting to vlog
with my left hand right now it's kind of
difficult we had to do a run to rite aid
because I saw someone with ice cream and
it looked amazing that's why we came
here
yeah actually I saw a picture earlier I
was like I'm gonna have to get some ice
cream next time I go out and then we
were at the dollar store
someone else had ice cream I was like we
gotta get ice cream right now so ice
cream we're running around trying to
look for stuff for our video tomorrow
which I'm super excited to film I think
we're going to be doing the Mother's Day
video tomorrow but we were looking for
stuff we just couldn't find anything but
it's also getting really late and it's
time for dinner so now Brian's running
in distorted grub
a stuff for dinner and then we can eat
and then I go to begs I have to work
tomorrow
didn't find what we wanted but I'm going
to be running around tomorrow because
there's a few things that we gotta grab
and tomorrow supposed to be a really
sunny day so we're gonna plan on
shooting the Mother's Day video and it's
gonna be really cool you guys have been
sending so many awesome pictures it's
crazy how many we've got night we had no
idea so we're going to really really do
our best to include everyone as much as
possible as you know I have noticed we
have some Harry Potter books on Oliver
Tom wire and then we actually have this
plan well I'm using the Harry Potter
books to flatten out some ultrasound
pictures because they're very curvy and
annoying so I'm flattening them out but
what we're gonna do actually because you
know the past year we've accumulated a
lot of ultrasound pictures and they mean
a lot to us but we just don't know where
to put them so we actually came with an
idea to tack some string going back and
forth on this and then pinning them to
the string and so these are actually
pictures from today I'm gonna show you
these today you guys saw him on the 3d
but um we have some 3d plus a good one
here's a good one
look at his little face he's got a fat
nose it's like his daddy
and this is one of his um well that's
the 2d and then that's the 3d with his
little arm covering his face it's been
really hit and mess with the 3d like he
is very burrowed into all the membrane
and stuff and he's always touching this
basin let me know if you guys have any
suggestions cuz I'm sure there's
something on Pinterest I'm just way too
busy to even look or think about that
but um if you guys know of a way to like
you know maybe something creative to do
with ultrasound pictures that would be
awesome because we seriously have a ton
like the Harry Potter books are filled
with a ton like trying to keep them flat
I thank you guys for watching I'm gonna
end the vlog now it's been a long day
got a lot done and I hope you enjoyed
the vlog we will see you tomorrow you
guys are awesome I'm gonna have n't I've
been seeing all your comments coming in
I haven't been able to go through them
but I'm gonna go through them as soon as
I end this and start editing with you
because y'all rule so I kind of sound
like ja Rule I met you all rule
Beauregard oh here it is it's the
armoire hey happy it looks good huh yeah
I got nice drawers put some contact
paper on the inside and yeah I mean it's
like that's the last big piece of
furniture for the nursery
