go dude that lucky you don't clip you
can't put their dog
right
what
Oh
that's not brain does I miss you
Oh
did see that's just like give me
everything you see we are this is Liam
and Danny and we're bumpers
we are bumpers we love you guys
I'm a bumper Rosberg come on offers big
effects Keenan so far
okay look at how stinking cute ears
there you go
oh we were going to what God I did did
you really I did we use it 5000
subscribers 5000 bumpers can you believe
that there's 5,000 people who watch us
do this every single day yeah that's
crazy yeah like we just want to say
thank you guys so much
um for five K strong I'm super excited
and like many more case like 10 K 30 K
100 K maybe I don't know I might be
dreaming out of my butt right now but
that would be so cool we're just so like
so thankful for every single one of you
guys thank you so much for watching us
and enjoying us and we're super happy
that you guys like what we're doing if
you guys are one of our old bumpers hat
that has followed our journey from day
one that is so cool but if you're a new
bumper welcome we love new bumpers and
if you have any questions leave them in
the comments yeah you guys are all a
part of our family
anyway commence vlog now who's there how
you doing this morning karma what
hi look what came
yeah boy my new s107 off super look
copter
I'm just charging it up three coconut
charges right from my iMac port yeah
this thing is killer I love the color a
downside the controller takes six
batteries what six Patterson I find six
that I got four four down they're
charging but uh when I was playing two
batteries and this is where priorities
come into play you know like what's more
important TV or helicopter nope they're
triple-a that sucks
so I am at Best Buy right now looking
for rechargeable batteries these are
cool I don't know if we could actually
use those if that would actually do
anything wait CDs people still buy CDs
got um you can't wait I'm so excited
I just hope excuse me
I just hope that uh the helicopter is
done charging when I get home
I'm think I'm gonna go do something to
kill some time so I just grab some quick
lunch over at Arby's but I just realized
every time I Drive meeseeks car she
doesn't have the same like stereo setup
that my car has where I can listen to my
music over Bluetooth she has this like
crappy old style thing and I hate
listening to the radio so I find myself
singing a lot he belonged to Birla and I
don't know I just think it's funny do
you guys sing in the car lot because I
see in the car a lot Princeton you know
like a lot a lot oh well people like way
too much like i annoy Missy so much
because I sing so much in the car
got next to me saw me singing you're
really hungry and and what and tired and
what ha and yeah you're hot what up by
the way kids don't FaceTime and drive
it's not safe okay guys my first flight
with my guru look up let's see how much
damage we can do ready see if this works
oh I get it you got it to go
it's doing good
okay fan might be messing it up
Oh karma why might you be good to it
don't want to tack it don't attack it
boys
I should probably should have read the
controls huh don't attack it karma I'm
serious don't attack it seems afraid of
it
I'm doing it karma leave it alone he's
about to growl at it oh my god you guys
is too fun
oh I'm totally gonna torment Missy with
this later oh this thing is so cool it
like does everything I want it to hey
little guy this little snail really
trying but he needs to get to the shade
and the Sun that's what we see we see a
lot of lizards and a lot of snails huh
I just wanted to get to the show it's
gonna crisp up inside hey guys so I am
off and it is a super hot day today so I
think we're gonna go down to the pool
it's 88 it's my lucky number degrees the
beautiful day to get sunburned so we
just grabbed some food from Jay and the
bee and I'm actually trying a pina
colada smoothie it's not that bad I mean
it's not that great but it's not that
bad
we're going through a forest right now
that's why we're going to be cheese
we're actually headed to the pool cuz
it's like 90 degrees out here so we're
gonna cool off at the pool apparently
it's too cold to go in right Missy try
and she is freaking out but I want to
jump in so I'm gonna jump in right now
don't get me wet I can't promise
anything okay hey really cold
larysa chicken he says Go Daddy go
how is it holy moon like like SuperDuper
cold what like it's so cold give me the
heck out of here um it's brilliant it
was a lot cooler the last time I jumped
it so I was just looking at a couple
comments and crazy for Jet tur commented
and said I swear karma is a little boy
in a body of a dog
he's so human-like with his personality
I just love comments about my dog but it
is so true karma is like a human like he
ideas human expression we thinks the way
he act like he gets his feelings hurt
like he literally just wants like
emotionally attached like a human yeah
like he'll walk out of the room and
he'll like stop and we'll look at you
and he'll just put his head down and
walk out I think it is like the craziest
thing he has real emotions and like yes
creepy he's like our little boy yeah he
is
is it people watching so we just
finished filming Missy's bump date and
now it's Christmas we got like a ton of
cool packages from you guys today so
we're gonna open some of them yeah what
are you guys doing
is there gold did you guys send us gold
from Akron in Washington oh so Katherine
got us some parenting books parenting
from the inside out cool
I'm amazed guide to child birth and
which I've heard about this wait don't
you have this book yeah is it like
different versions or no that's actually
just about that one actually oh it's so
cool great minds think alike
and she got us some cloth or cotton
white so pops whoa
oh these are cool yeah they're really
nice they got like little colors on the
edges oh it's a solid hard maple teether
Wow oh it's like a teeter but it's like
all natural that is so cool
and a little beanie Naturals oh that's
cute
wait so this is like a baby choose on
this I wonder what it tastes like I
won't bite into it but tastes like wood
Katherine was telling us in her note how
she's actually studying to become a
postpartum doula which is really cool
and these are her favorite books and I'm
actually happy now that we have two of
these because maybe I'll read one and
Missy can read one my mom wants to read
one cuz she's gonna be oh really yeah
so that's awesome she tastes it I did
doesn't really have a taste I think it I
think it's cool so this comes from
Taylor Alexandria Alexandra designs or
Ashley Lloyd I think from Georgia Oh
check it out check it out Oh Taylor and
Alexander's
signs this onesie oh my gosh this is
Oliver oh wow after every storm there is
a rainbow of hope Here I am oh wow
yeah this is so cool you guys it's gonna
anchor for ollie so this is actually
from Ashley Thank You Ashley that's all
cool on YouTube Oh mommy to Maddox I
recognize your youtube name and if you
guys want to know where order these you
can order them from Taylor Alexander
design alexandra designs that's so cool
i put a link below yeah ok so this is
from Tara Sousa and just a little heart
put bumper oh and she's from San
Francisco I've always wanted to take a
trip to San Francisco oh can we do that
before he's here I really want to get
your upstairs I can't imagine getting in
a car driving eight hours six and A six
and a half hours always San Francisco
Missy they have the best burritos right
am i right Tara let me know in the
comments I'm right Wow she says some
awesome things he has an outfit with
this - I think so that's super cool oh
this is cool monkey and it's a collared
romper ah cute it's really awesome I'm
really happy that people are sending us
this style clothes because I freaking
love them and then this one says pinch
me out cute Oh cute
monkeys always do win ah yes they do we
need to put that on the shirt yeah oh
yeah let us know what you think of that
cuz you're thinking that for a fresh
shirt maybe monkeys always win yeah and
actually tell us some other things that
you'd like to see on shirts in the comp
below cuz I might actually be happening
that sounds really fun to see Brian
karma Oliver on daily bumps hala gets a
little mustache daddy Brian mommy
Melissa
aka Missy Oliver James we made a wish
and you came true oh I thought so are
you doing to me Tara do you got a son
mean Oliver on nursing Pancho's that
when we are out in public we can nurse
without scaring anyone yes and that oh
this is so cool I love sock monkey and
look at the design so cute I actually
was
going to find one like a sock monkey red
lips and it's like long and stuff yeah
cuz they're do it's just like classic
you know mommy's first mate huh thank
you that's stuff oh oh oh I love all the
monkey stuff it's the best careful
careful
is he careful why do you always give me
the hard ones so Briana in Michigan
actually sent us a canon camera
it's so cool she says it's not brand new
and it is used but they've had it for a
while but it is a Canon PowerShot ELPH
which is actually what we film our daily
vlogs in so this will come in very very
handy thank you so much Breanna that's
like crazy
Kyra's playing football are you pulling
football football I love when he plays a
little football I look so cute Brian's
gonna attempt to fly his helicopter
again I haven't seen it yeah
whoa is so good oh my gosh
Prince Brian is it oh my god Tom that's
cool yeah Brian Oh sometimes I didn't
what's up and down huh oh my god good
Gary okay so I'm gonna time to get go
from here and land it on top of the
stool I think I can do it Missy
I don't know I'm not very good at it so
close so close
oh so close oh oh that was so close
ah
I guess that was okay do you see that
baby yeah there are a little tiny people
in there when it landed they probably
all be dead but boom tight a little
smoother right
if you is that little Miao is burn
myself hey Dad I'm not gonna burn myself
on this thing gosh yeah yeah lookit
warning warning warning warning every
single blade this thing cannot be good
alright guys so I'm gonna end the vlog
um but again I just want to thank you
all so much
5k like wow that's huge we never
expected it and it's just so cool that
you guys are like all following us and
like we're just living our lives we're
doing so much more you know in doing
that so thank you guys so much again for
joining our family and being a loyal
bumper I just want to say that and thank
you guys again and I hope you guys loved
the new intro I'll probably do one more
so I can swap back and forth sometimes
and surprise you guys and thank you all
- who sent in videos for the bumper
montage it turned out amazing and I
loved it and I can't wait till you guys
see it with your dick because you watch
the video so I'm like in the past you
guys are in the future so I don't know
anyway um thank you guys so much for
watching we will see you tomorrow okay
okay okay we'll see tomorrow bye car we
got 30 on the way back to the car
that's a fun game loves it
