caramel get in come on come in just lay
like that big offense you know so far
okay
look at how speaking to kids there you
go
oh we were going to me what what I did
did you really I did good wedding
members and happy Memorial Day hope you
guys all had an awesome day and I hope
you have an awesome day today
um and I hope you have a really awesome
day tomorrow these anymore days that
they should have awesome I hope you guys
have a really great you life have a
great like there's like other thing you
know like I said man what if they
believe in reincarnation I hope you guys
have a really great year in life and
second life and third lied and
millennium anyways I am waiting for
Missy to get off the computer she is
doing stuff I'm not sure I think she's
updating a registry because we have so
much stuff we went to that baby thing we
did a scavenger hunt where we had to
find all the items on the list and me of
Brian like killed it
Oh at the bumps and bellies fair where
you probably scan like 50 items full we
had no idea all those items got added to
our registry
okay but they told us specifically that
they wouldn't be added to our registry
yeah and all this girl stuff cuz we just
scanned whatever we didn't look at it
there's girls oh there's all kind of
stuff on here that I my goodness I just
select all these items and get them off
here I'm total items or I have to select
50 items it won't do it now I have to
like go through it again I think we won
$20 but obviously the cost was
inconvenience now we have to remove all
that from our registry oh I am kind of
organizing as usual I think that's kind
of like my life right now we're probably
gonna have to move around the whole
nursery because as you can see here's
our diaper station and my cloth diapers
are over here kind of hard to get to
also so that's not going to be very
convenient once he's born especially
with cloth diapers I mean I'll have
wipes in here but I've got diapers
inserts more diapers
and I feel like that's definitely not
going to be convenience figuring all out
we have very little room and we have to
figure out the right puzzle pieces so
that all fits together perfectly take a
little break because we are headed to a
see my car puffs are you ready I am
ready look at um comment on comment
comment in Covington commented that was
a little gray space for you I didn't
want to tell you guys that I told you
that I was writing for still-standing
magazine well by the time this vlog
should be up I think that my very first
post should be live I just submitted it
and she told me that it was going to be
live on Tuesday so if it is I'll put a
link in the description below I would
love for you guys to check it out and
let me know what you think I mean also
there's going to be a little like button
above the article if you push that then
others can read it and we can really get
it out there so I'm really excited and
kind of nervous because I really haven't
written anything in a long time I used
to write like a long time ago but I just
haven't done it in a while so it was
cool sort of going back to that and
using another way to sort of share our
story I saw this yesterday in our yard
and I haven't showed Brucie yet
let me see you have to see this do you
guys remember the monkeytail plant that
was in our yard know what it's gone
where'd it go it's right here right that
this was it and now it unrolled isn't
that cool they thought the monkeytail
actually unrolls and then grows all
these little ones at the end yeah so
it's got these little ones and that look
how tall it is now so do you remember it
was like right here and it was all
curled up it's crazy the plant like
moved that's just weird like it unrolled
itself it was like I don't want to be a
monkey tail anymore
the are currently headed to in grandpa's
he did serve theme in the military so
you know obviously it's Memorial Day and
I'm sure you'd love to see us plus we
would really
like they're not very good grandkids we
haven't gotten to see him very often
just because it's we have really busy
lives and he lives kind of growing far
away which is like not the most
convenient area
feels so bad and so guilty but today's a
good day we can go thinking for a
service are we gonna drag him out of his
place to go to the baby shower no oh he
doesn't really like to leave his area
he's just kind of content and happy
where he is you would like to like me
very often what I'll be a grandpa fill
the belly if you have to feel it so big
yeah telling felt it dad that way they
stop is like uh I didn't fill him
my grabber like this telefone story wait
wait wait okay now no that finds perfect
we always fun 8:o go I was gonna say
okay that all right Santa oh my gosh so
Missy is still working on her birth plan
because she really really wants to film
her birth plan video soon hopefully like
either tonight or tomorrow probably
tomorrow that I am just playing some
poker and everyone keeps going on and I
do not play like that a look at I would
had a pair of aces that's fantastic I am
a huge poker fan I love playing poker
and I love playing it on the iPad
because this app or this game is like
I'm merging
we're just waiting to throw the ribs on
the grill we're gonna have ribs tonight
just doing some barbecuing finally set a
for-sure date
I'm sorry phrenic set a date for the
baby shower so I'm super excited about
that I actually made the event in
everything on a Facebook so that I could
invite all my friends and stuff but it's
so funny cuz we've been talking about
all day like what we're gonna do and who
like what exact day is a good day and
we've been throwing back and forth um
dates you know all for like a week or so
and then we finally settled with the
16th and so I made this whole thing for
the 16th I made like a picture that even
said June 16th and everything and then I
realized after I invited everyone to it
that it was Father's Day and so I can't
really obviously do my baby shower on
Father's Day so I had to redo it and do
it so now my shower is officially on the
22nd we were kind of trying to do it
before my mom's possible Store day but
she's actually been feeling pretty good
that she's thinking she doesn't want to
do it because she just doesn't want to
risk doing surgery and then end up
making it worse or you know something
like that so she's been actually feeling
a bit better look what Cassie just
brought back from the store chocolate
whipped cream did you try it I try to
have it's good okay I know I'm on a diet
you guys don't judge me right now okay
Shiloh I'm good at you don't even make
that face at me all right I'm gonna
check oh wow that's good dang that's
good whoo oh yeah I don't know about
that one though what is this is there
even cheese in this what's way so we're
out here getting ready to throw the ribs
on a barbecue but apparently Missy was
really going for the weather when she
did that boat left it out here here and
so now it's kind of dirty but also she
left the paint out here look at this
it's pretty hard babe good like rubber
yeah well that's what paints made out of
right rubber but yeah you got a nice old
bike she broke it she broke through yeah
we're gonna definitely need to get more
paint and probably just redo this now
yeah maybe we should bring him in Ellie
should bring into the room oh yeah those
look good now they look good just
covered in barbecue sauce so I told you
she should be down all the way though
because you're if you're cooking I'm
shot with it shut you know cuz it gets
hot
these ones done you call them
call it oh yeah
they're really like really meaty and of
course we're using sweet baby baby baby
race we should make that a new ring tone
huh funny gonna poop yourself full right
now right
we are devouring our dinner right now
and you know how ribs go okay mwah hey
did my hair emerges disgusting this high
take a drink they're so good though revs
always just tastes like 4th of July but
these are pretty good though cuz they
they really do kind of fall off the red
hello
the bow I mean I mean isn't the rib the
bone um I don't know it's all very like
prehistoric and carnal and it's like
that Jim Gaffigan joke he's like yes I
will have the baby and back of ribs can
you roll them out in a stroller Brian
and his repeating of jokes from other
comedians Missy says I'm not original at
all okay that's not true I didn't say
that was work I just built influence
from the entire world of comedy he just
me it has the personality where if you
watch is something he really loves them
and so he will take on a part of their
personality like every time I watched a
degrace I'm constantly singing the song
for that day yeah Dave Grace is done
teach you how to do something
I just love comedy and characters done I
can't even do it use this it mean tempt
to try and fit in this be bad go just
fall just fall into it go okay is that
good that work you're not comfortable
like that caramel cannon come on come on
yeah just lay like that calm down are
you okay
I can't get in it you have to smash it
down like this no this is my throne I am
King bow bow to me yeah that's pretty
good
I found it yeah are you stuck
now you can sleep there just been
hanging out with the family all day we
watched a movie ate some dinner which I
hope you guys were able to do with your
family you know on this holiday it's
always nice to have a three-day weekend
well mici got a four-day weekend cuz
she's special you get i we don't need to
compare that today with oh we got a
comment from crazy for jeder and she
said you know how people say they can't
wait to see their child with a baby
sibling i can't wait to see karma
chameleon with little Olly
how do you think that's gonna work with
I mean we've actually been getting a lot
of questions about this about karma and
all of her and stuff probably just be
easing them into probably doing a lot of
having the baby blanket with his smell
bring him to cotton to karma mm-hmm and
then just you know being really careful
you have to be so careful and it's other
dogs the matter what yeah matter how
comfortable you are with them you just
have to like keep them separate let them
get used to the smell that sounds the
noises the different schedules and stuff
like that and slowly he'll just kind of
adjust I think yeah I'm excited I'm just
like waiting for that picture of like
Oliver and karma on our bed like
cuddling you know what I mean yeah like
I just see that picture in my head just
like sitting on oh yeah yeah well you
guys see this pregnant belly you guys
are freaking gorgeous I'm not jinxing it
if it look baby got you got a few hairs
I can't see it I haven't taken out of
the box yet but I did order the Graco
frame and I'm really really stoked
because the frame and the car seat are
just like it's so light I'm so happy
that we went with this it's nice and
comfy yeah I really love the color it's
like a like a teal blue you know it's
really pretty I love it I love the color
and I love how comfortable it is and
it's one of those fancy bases that you
can like use them for the tilt right so
you can make it actually like lay down
which is really really cool especially
for like when he's coming home from the
hospital you know the thing is - I love
that it's already got all the cushion
and stuff and on the straps and on the
sides and stuff because that a king
came with it and so it was crash tested
with all that you know so we're not
adding anything to it and we really
really like this this is way way nice so
easy to clip on and off just like nearly
pops off yeah and like the one that
Bailey has Missy's cousin who we watch
all the time she has a baby trend which
we were considering and it is like a
puzzle one you have to put it together
and then have to shove it in these two
pieces right here and put them on top of
each other yeah somehow put the ones on
top of each other in together yeah it is
super complicated not fun and when you
have a baby squished and tight into that
it's really hard to do yeah anyway
that's it for today's vlog thank you
guys for watching I hope you had a
fantastic Memorial Day remember to go
into the description and check out the
article I wrote for still standing I am
a full time contributing writer to them
now and I'm really really excited I
submitted my post to the editor today
and they have a scheduled so hopefully I
can find the link and put it in the
description by the time this is up
gelfling go check it out click that like
button on top of the article so that
other people see it and thank you guys
for watching we appreciate you guys and
we hope you had a fantastic holiday and
are we going to be vlogging tomorrow so
it's tomorrow a vlogging day I think
we're pretty sure we're vlogging anyway
what's you guys tomorrow bye and then we
even got some bedding that might
actually matches your room
hello that we picked out a few clothes
but they're mostly shirts for like 6
months and older so I'll have the
clothes we win and of course a monkey oh
my gosh
this on the rocking horse I mean I mean
I think every kid should have a rocking
horse
