hey this is surprisingly light you
should say it's a present heavy and act
like it's super like that would have
been the way to go so far okay look at
how cg2 PS there you go oh we were going
to me what you want I did did you really
I did
good morning everyone we are headed to a
storage unit my friend Kelly um who you
guys I'm actually seen a couple times on
the vlog she has a little boy who's like
I think he's like three or four now she
wants to give us like a ton of his stuff
that she's kept in a storage unit for a
really long time and he actually had
like it sounds like a pretty closed
theme to the same thing that we're doing
with all of her really excited to see
what she has and what we can use for his
nursery and stuff and I even got Brian
up early I dragged him out of bed I I
don't know weekends we tend to not be
able to sleep in well at least he can't
sleep and I'm never really sleeping so I
pretty much my weekends I have to get up
early cuz I just can't sleep any longer
what animal did you get here's my water
frog what green is totally sexy that's
so cool let me see oh my gosh I've never
seen a frog I come up with all kinds of
new we just saw the otter and on the
Frog and looking greeted totally sexy I
put up an Instagram picture of me
holding my Starbucks iced coffee
really mocking me with her smile on her
well yeah
she grabbed my phone so she can see what
filter I used and how it was positioned
and yeah I don't know if Nashville's
gonna match mine because mine scene is
so much brighter than yours I love
Nashville by the way that's my favorite
filter what's your guys favorite
Instagram filters now you put the the
caption that I approve I was gonna copy
your caption like I thought you were
gonna put like morning breakfast but I
was going to put the same thing that'd
be funny but I approve that's not very
interesting walking me but now you're
insulting busy look at this little hot
it's got an anchor on it that was oh
that's so cool
there's so much stuff here you guys and
look at this like hoodies
I love hoodies on kids bigger their
jacket that's awesome Kelly if you said
this is his first toy you should really
keep it sir so that means so much I'm
gonna put it in your car right now never
used it boo this is the first thing I
when I found out I had I was gonna have
a boy I went right over to baby stress
it's so cool seriously though are you
sure this has no sentimental value I can
just put it on intercom he didn't care
about it oh okay this is a freaky
looking monkey this looks like one of
the monkeys from Madagascar huh okay
this really looks like a lot of stuff
but honestly I don't think I was that
much stuff right I don't know gonna
freak you guys out thank you thank you
appreciate it
I am crazy soup come on boy yo some soup
you watch em shoot that's not for you
I'm a little overwhelmed right now so we
got everything in the house and trying
to organize it but it's like a lot of
stuff and I just don't have a lot of
room but we got this swing which
actually matches the one that's on my
registry so that is like super cool and
I think actually matches the bouncer
that we got
yeah the Twitter bird yeah Twitter bird
and it just needs to be cleaned up and
then we even got some bedding that might
actually match his room I will admit we
picked out a few clothes but they're
mostly Ferb for like six months and
older so I'll have to go through in and
of course a monkey oh my gosh and I
couldn't resist on the rocking horse I
mean come on I mean I think every kid
should have a rocking horse right got my
soup cooking and I just read the back of
the can it's like 160 calories for the
whole thing so I'm actually gonna heat
up some corn tortillas to eat with it as
well maybe two dose corn tortillas
that's what we're doing right now
don't burn don't burn don't burn don't
fine that's fine even close to being
burnt you are done I just put the monkey
in the net no carbon no no no drop it
right now drop that brought bath don't
do that okay monkey in there and then
we'll rock it nope
look at the baby rocking yeah baby
thank you yeah good boy lots of protein
in today's lunch I got my Santa Fe soup
and I made two little corn tortillas and
I just threw them on the fire and a
black bean brownie these things are
still delicious if you guys haven't
tried up I recommend that you try I dare
you I dare you to try the black bean
brownies I made these in yesterday's
vlog if you didn't see that
Missy used my chopper to make her lunch
is that the first time you used it babe
yeah it worked good too huh we're good
and then we're eating our California
oranges these things are so juicy these
would be like the perfect juicing
oranges they're also the perfect eating
ones but they just they cover you in
orange juice which it's not something to
complain about I guess you stepped on
Leo's Karma's like I put on eyeliner for
you give me food karma I'm a healer II
can I hear what I'm saying ball squirrel
walk I have this attention for maybe
like two milliseconds just like food
everything is kind of torn apart right
now we're going through clothes and
sorting and Dora geing and organizing
and still is not together
oh it's getting crazy not a cool bedding
set and we're putting away older clothes
that we well I don't know if I showed
you guys these look at these conference
we got convert undies so cool it was
like maybe one to two but it says size 4
I don't know that means I have no idea
of size confidence but these are so cool
Kelly gave us these too which is awesome
this is our drawer we have just one
drawer of blankets like this is redic
still need to wash everything but we
have everything hanging up and some
stuff organizing drawers
don't look at that drawer not organized
I totally see you you're not being
inconspicuous at all okay so we went to
Babies R Us and I think I found the car
seat I walked this is what it looks like
and I'm just really loving the color and
a softness comfortableness and it said
it's the lightest infant car seat which
I think Graco's are just kind of like a
light light brand and I think I finally
feel good about my decision because
we've looked at so many that I'm like
and I guess sounds fun I guess that's
fun I guess I don't know I don't know
and this actually feel good about
I love the blue colors yeah I really
like that too and I liked it it's not
like a theme like I don't know like
because we're also looking at this one
but I didn't really like that it was
like green and had swirlies and I just
like this clean kind of pit obviously no
one is gonna
oh oh and look guys we can do stroller
vision just imagine that like Oliver is
sitting right there and we're just
walking around you're going shopping
with it think we're gonna go ahead and
get this one I think this is the one
yep let's go no you need to get like
yeah sure
no wait friends you need to get this and
yeah I don't I think I just like to use
a brand new one who knows how many
people stuck their babies in that people
do that I don't know my baby not dirty
anything alright this is surprisingly
light you should say it's a pretty heavy
and act like it's super like that would
have been the way to go yeah cuz you
just you think yourself look really weak
we're in the Missy section at Burlington
baby I don't want you to take this the
wrong way or anything but this is the
junior section hey that is a really cool
it's same as that color is that one
dress yesterday exactly this is pretty
close and how much is it down third of
the price it's like about 1/8 of the
price and look at it's got the cool rope
on top I feel like a pregnant bride not
only a bride Missy but a pregnant bride
people are gonna whisper so we are not
Target and I am looking for some kind of
storage like something that we can put
in our room and store obviously we have
cloth diapers we have blankets and all
kinds of stuff so I'm with teens with
something no see we saw Mary I know I
don't see it either I said it was here
though yeah also but I kind of do like a
serving card but so like on Father's Day
I can just stay in bed and then you can
make me like breakfast yeah you can just
roll it right up to the bed you know I
don't think them and I can I make a
little graphic as a carpet and we're
going across it for the 30 million turn
I know a couple people who have it oh
this is interesting
yeah and so they get knack they can
sleep in this next to the bed so people
actually use this eyes as like a
co-sleeper
right next to the bed yeah and you can
just put them in it mm-hmm best we
didn't put him in it yeah baby can sleep
at comfy incline all night long Wow so
yeah it's made for sleeping in oh look
at it even shows it being used as a
co-sleeper and you can like just rock it
yeah I seriously seen this thing like 20
times that will fit the frame we want
but you like the baby trend I want the
beige anymore it's actually cheaper yeah
it's 20 dollars cheaper 30 $30 cheaper
and it looks more comfy and it's got
this cool rubber handle thingy surprise
she still doesn't know whether she wants
it Oh miss you look it cloth diapers
Charlie banana cloth diapers interesting
we have a secret that we're not telling
them coming soon break out what do you
think it is I'm all right
I can't hold anything back remember I'm
so bad with secrets you guys it's
ridiculous we're at Target right and I
am dressed like a target employee I have
it right here look at this is red and
pointed out funding everything okay
ma'am ma'am
um no photographer
please well okay but sir I you're gonna
have to turn that off xi2 um path the
vlog I'm gonna have to ask you to the
store
Missy is pretty mad at me right now
because we've been running around all
day and she's in like so much pain or
back and stuff I just checked my Fitbit
and we've actually walked almost five
miles today so that's not that doesn't
make me happy seven months pregnant
white shirt is not going oh okay are you
in there feel so bad for her I just
tricked my Instagram and I posted this
photo of karma and I made it so that you
could like give him an Eskimo kiss and
then it would like it and 500 people
have Eskimo kissed karma I was like oh
he's so cute
everyone loves him and then I just
couldn't help it but I had to like it
myself too he's the cutest dog when we
were at Target I got Missy a new outfit
and I gotta say it's pretty hot
you ready show Missy oh yeah look at
those new pajamas you're only doing this
cuz you don't want to invite waiters
please anyway I know pretty much I just
got out of her wearing my shirts and if
you don't know when a pregnant woman
wears your shirts she gets little stains
on them and I usually yeah okay but you
did it to like my favorite shirt and I
will never be able to wear it again yes
I can write without this just a comfy
shirt and these pants are oh my gosh
comfortable this is really comfortable
you like it thank you
yay look what else we got at Target guys
a new project we got this really cool
like cube organizer will probably stand
it up tall like this and then we got um
somewhere
the little cube things are go in there
this basically where we're going to be
keeping our cloth diapers - and all our
diapering stuff get the bug boy karma
get get these like that you drink there
how come a boy okay no you always want
to lick me right in my mouth no you can
tell Missy at night he gets like super
like docile you know and he like always
has his ears down and some stuff and now
he's freaking out come on if you could
not do that on our bed that'd be great
look what I did you guys boom got a cool
little shelf
cubby thing there we're still organizing
some stuff for the nursery like as far
as cloth diapers and clothes go anyway
that's it for the vlog you guys it was a
busy busy day we ended up moving like
five miles and I like tripled my goal
for my Fitbit flex so it's pretty much
been flashing five lights at me all day
which is pretty cool hi guys enjoyed the
vlog and we will see - tomorrow peace
here
why do I have to jump every single
oh you are
