Oh ille it does kind of smell like farts
I'm sorry
big offense you know so far okay look at
how stinky shoes D is your buzzer there
you go
oh we were going to me what I did
did you really I did
good morning bumpers today we are headed
to the farmers market and there happens
to be a very hot pregnant woman sitting
in my car ready what are you doing
that's my wife's spot that's my new
girlfriend you guys made it to the
farmers market but we had to park about
10 blocks away and yeah I messed up I'm
really sorry
I really don't know if I'm going to be
able to make it there without crying I
know I said leave my purse that's just
next week and I feel like naked you're
not naked babe wait oh it's almost an
exact it have my camera oh you think you
dad to keep hold up my camera in my
phone I was like we only have one thing
I think I can barely hear me
it's really loud I am hey Joe motorcycle
good they always have this really cool
like what is this Western like play
really they do this alright I look like
a most yeah I think every Saturday the
feeling was that path lead is that
ladies but really that big know
we got a fellow youtuber and I miss you
guys
what up TJ Brown huh yeah we're daily
vloggers actually nice yeah
takeout home ah daily bumps cuz we got a
big bump here check him out you guys
he's really good he just did a cover of
a suit and tie
but there's his next recon versus
YouTube he knows what I'm talking about
we got fresh eggs and the lady said they
eat what she was really looked around
she said that they eat you know whatever
but she also gives them greens which I
think it's fine
yeah try them but I think there's
somebody I know like everybody fell come
there's tons of fresh eggs around here
really good you guys talk about all up
forget to hold down yeah I guess with
all missing muna for the bar drunk with
eggs I thought we're looking for drugs -
well yeah now I'm just like looking the
shops I don't think they're not just
apartments yeah and probably not a lot
of clothes huh
anyone feel like try it on oh yeah it's
very crucial to the premium body yeah I
guess so huh I'm gonna definitely have
to get some oranges because the last
time we got him here they were so good
and they were like super juicy and
amazing and so now I guess we're looking
for dresses something lacy right I'm
like antique ish anything that is
nothing else in my brain oh look at that
little what that one right there yeah no
that's like totally Great Gatsby right
there
someone shooting out here why do I have
to jump every single time this is
intense was that necessary
well this huge mirror what do you think
really pretty so definitely I'm gonna
have to go with a caramel color it said
my belly pretty good right yeah with the
belt he wants in return if you're bigger
than this what do you guys think yes or
no sir my maternity yes so we just
finished with Robert trying on some
outfits
I really am getting excited about my
turn to be cute and I think I have a
good idea what I'm planning on wearing
like I'm gonna have like a more dressier
outfit and a casual outfit so I'm going
to need a shirt with an anchor on it
yeah and I found one but I'm gonna have
to find something a little bit different
so I'm really excited but now we're
going to the Babies R Us thing they're
having like this really cool static
scavenger hunt where you like can win
all kinds of prizes so I'm hoping it's
really fun bumps and babies how fitting
is that name you guys the bobbles Missy
this season like bump heaven right now
they have all these really cool vendors
and she's talking about like extended
rear facing and cloth diapers and all
this cool stuff and now she's gonna do a
scavenger hunt hi Robin
good checking out the fair it's almost
time to see him in 3d 28 yeah so any
time you do it
Owens or were we create a free you're
looking good
looking great
we're doing a scavenger head now she has
15 minutes to scan all this stuff so we
can win a gift card this bottle warmer
here we go it's for your senses I know
are they like jelly yeah who they feel
they feel like boba so he's gonna eat
them did you say my name for what though
like legit one boom
that's the spend it thank you let's go
birthing hot diapers Oh totally that is
a drop and I'm gonna make Missy take a
picture with him well Ollie all he's
gonna take a picture with him okay oh
yeah no good okay go up there all right
Jeffrey it's my wife we got a little
baby Ollie in there
where were his hands papi miss you
copping a feel on my wife
no it is pretty cool I can't wait to do
it so this one is actually cool too cuz
it just goes over the shoulder yeah you
have you that's really cool
we're totally gonna do a casting thing
we'll do a video on it too actually
that'd be really cool huh we put little
anchors on it and I'll be cool and then
for his newborn shoot he'll play oh yeah
like yeah really cute
taking a little break the daddy diaper
challenge which I keep telling you it's
better way but without it so cool one
maybe we've been like another get crazy
we do something really cool I just don't
understand one of these or they get
higher Daniel what looking down you met
my goal you guys is this banana mango
mango banana means it is ready to start
and Bryan better witness because they're
doing it they're giving away its diaper
JT I don't know what's a diaper genie
that's where you put diapers oh so it
keeps away all this thing so we need one
of those I don't even have it on my
registry actually this is hard I have to
get 25 days in that bucket
you're the pink bucket here the blue
yeah take your time babe so close you're
getting closer right oh wait I have one
that's not I wouldn't talk about he beat
you that could have been me
I'm sorry it's okay I was really hard
game it was sweet oh yeah I just found
this phone first well really guys it's
like totally shattered oh I would be
crying but I'd rather call the person
and let them know that there's always a
subway before
yeah so daddy did an answer thank you
mom but mom's like after someone else
who maybe Kayleigh is their best friend
you guys call that best why did you put
your mom's second on your speed dial
third Oh third look sad I think I'm
gonna do mom
you're gonna call mom over Kaylie are
you sure I talk lately yeah I'd call a
friend okay wait but there isn't miss
there is a missed call and it others
like a voicemail I wasn't close at 1:36
in truth what's the last call Asajj MB
that does not help us we called her up
sitting at Subway and I wanted to call
and have someone let her know that her
phone is here and I wanted to let you
know that it's here and so maybe let
your daughter know we were just kind of
waiting for the person to show up but
also we weren't sure if we were gonna
have to end up leaving it there until
she showed up so Brian just started
going through like her text messages to
like figure out maybe where she works
her I was seeing like who she's texting
last and and literally as she's going as
he's going through her text messages she
walks in and she's like and he's like oh
is this your phone and she's like yeah
and then he's just like hey just like
hands at her and she just walks out and
I'm sure she has no idea that we were
doing tons of investigating crying fair
boost bonus was I was doing the right
thing and not giving it to the employees
because you never know they might take
them I look like a huge snoop oh it's
not that bad
I totes dropped the ball and I forgot to
take the fan out of the window this
morning but it's actually really nice
out you know cuz safe account for it it
wasn't hot in the room oh this is pink
Missy I don't know if other pregnant
women do this but Missy doesn't even
bother to shut the door anymore she just
leaves the door wide open and goes in
and does herb is kind of carrying
mommy's weird huh her camera he's going
to try as little I'm gonna ban regular
normal brownies with just a few black
beans on them they aren't using any egg
no eggs no no nothing all I did is
I actually watched the YouTube video
obviously because that's what you do
before you do anything yes and I drain
the black beans and I added a little bit
of cold water to the top of the camera
so so what they're organic yeah good job
you know so that's all you do this
amazing chocolate you're gonna ruin it
ill it does kind of smell like farts I'm
sorry add this to my bowl look at it it
just looks like normal batter it's all
my stuff and I'm putting it in my pan it
looks look I'm not gonna comment on how
it looks nice and plump you probably
cannot see misee right now is working on
her birth plan with her Madre how's that
going okay wanna burn myself
these look so good I can't believe it's
not Xing oil the black bean brownies
came out and look at them they seriously
look amazing Missy you gotta try these I
did I actually I was gonna eat them
first for you guys but then I just
started eating pieces out of the pan
because I wasn't I was like I was
cutting them and then I was eating
pieces as they were falling off and I
like totally forgot that they were black
bean brownies and so I just eating them
like normal I was like oh crap these are
like normal brownies but yeah
check them out they're like really
really squishy and like really really
amazing
it's a different texture it's the exact
same flavor they're good a little
thicker they're chocolatey they're
amazing and you got try one absolutely
no beans I mix it for a long time
when she does the glucose test it's
gonna be like a hundred times worse come
on Missy you've got to be honest I'm not
like those white texture mm-hmm
the taste is chocolatey it doesn't
there's the another flavor in there that
I can definitely taste this is just a
normal day in our household Missy is
cutting up some chicken there's nothing
wrong ollie
how's he done dinner and I must say it
is delish
like homemade fettuccine alfredo that's
awesome actually use the recipe called I
googled better than Olive Garden for
fettuccine alfredo and I've been making
this for like years like we've been we
just googled that and then we made it
and it was pretty much better than Olive
Garden do you guys remember when Jared
and Michelle were here and we did a ton
of filming well are starting to release
some videos they just released the
unplugged version of their song
mechanical which we filmed it's up right
now on their YouTube channel I'll link
it below so you guys can check it out
but definitely check it out because I
mean I filmed the whole thing and I made
it like amazing but they're pretty much
amazing at everything they do guys
should totally subscribe to them because
they have some awesome new music coming
out this summer including Oliver's song
they are the ones that wrote Oliver his
own song they're releasing a music video
another unplugged version and then that
huge video for the song too so
definitely go check that out below if
you haven't already hi boy everyone
loves you comma boy you're so smart in
handsome and classy oh if you guys don't
know Missy posted a picture the double
tap with your nose on her Instagram
account which is linked below and she
had karma behind it so if you guys want
to ask him well kiss karma then you can
do that we're going to bed now but thank
you guys so much for watching and we
will shoot tomorrow hey guys
he's like please let go me I want to go
to bed where the bathroom filming the
bomb data miss he's freaking out because
says she weighs 143 pounds ooh I don't
myself is you stop because this is so
not accurate because I do this at night
oh yeah what did you eat something and
go
