shake shake shake shake Senora shake
your body right
the big offense you know so far okay
look at how speaking to PS you're closer
there you go
oh we were going to me what I did is you
really I did so we just left
Missy's high-risk appointment and they
even show us anything good huh
no it was literally like a five minute
appointment and yeah so we could like
see usually they do like some cool 3d
but no no not it's like a profile
we're pretty sure to take home we're now
just like on the routine where they just
check her cervix and kick us out so
karma you being naughty so I probably
woke up like three hours ago and I
seriously feel like I could take a nap
I'm feeling so lazy because I'm just
taking my sister to the mall and like do
stuff but I wanted a good nap well
Brian's working so when once he's done
we're gonna do my bump date which I'm
really looking forward it really work
out lucky back plan I laid down and then
I just was like alright I'm gonna get up
now
I feel lazy near my sister are now
headed to the mall because she wants to
buy some presents for a front and I am
craving some football
it sounds good to me I might just stay
at the food court while she goes
shopping because I don't like to feet
high I forgot to show you guys but now
it's cooking in an only Twitter that I
should have done more beep the look on
that food that looks delicious it smells
in the kitchen is yet to get her nasty
noodle stuff doesn't look appetizing I
see it's seriously reeks babe so I'm
still wearing my Fitbit flex if you guys
are curious right now I'm like halfway
there usually by this time I've met my
goal but it's 5 o'clock and I've been
working forever so I haven't been able
do anything fun or cool but we're about
to go out and do something but you guys
were asking about updates on it so here
you go um today I my goal is 5,000 steps
I know that's not a lot but I work on a
computer so it's hard how much I slept
last night which was not much how many
calories I can eat today where my goal
is and how much water I haven't updated
my water yet today I mean I'm in the
third trimester really I'm so tired but
yeah I really want to go Matt you're
golfing and I think Missy's going for it
are you going for it woah you can put on
your socks still that's good yeah but I
can't do standing up Oh coming a helper
hi boy hi karma how you doing how did
you fit me uh your feet swollen oh maybe
the songs just I mean I know that your
feet can grow but they didn't grow as
big as your feet I know me see your feet
look pretty big actually this shut sock
obviously shrunk okay okay so I'm
exhausted but we are gonna go miniature
golfing
don't even say that you're doing it for
me
you and I kind of do I just need I need
more steps oh really my Fitbit is
yelling at me it says hey Brian get off
your fat arse and go do some stuff I
don't know if you guys have seen it yet
but I did put on my circumcision video
today I guess it was yesterday I will
say today's been a little bit hard I
don't know how to explain it but for the
most part um my channel is very positive
and stuff and I knew that by putting a
video out like this could definitely
attract some unnecessary controversy
which did happen I definitely got
attacked and so did other some of my
subscribers and I can't let stuff like
that on my page I'm not for controversy
and I don't have a page where I'm
constantly trying to stir up things and
make make more controversy for people to
talk about I did not say which way I was
going and because of that people are
attacking it's just it was just a lot
what I wanted was for the video to be a
place where women could truly try and
figure out their own decision which is
another reason why I didn't give my
decision because I didn't want people
going out and being like oh well Missy
did it this way maybe I should do it
that way I want you to go out and do
your research and you figure it out not
because of anything that I did but again
thank you guys so much for everyone who
actually commented and gave me a great
response to the video and really gave me
in their opinion or a reason why they
chose to either circumcised or not
circumcised without without pushing an
agenda if you know what I mean we got
this cool new game here this he just
threw her golf ball into this fountain
thing because she thought it'd be fun
well now you got a wet ball gun Mitch
golfing now whoa okay yeah
that was funny busy breakdown for the
big spider coincidentally I wore my golf
shirt last time I went golfing
so go is it go let's go
no look how high-tech we are we
downloaded my mini golf score card app
because we don't want to hang out we
don't want to use the pencil this is way
easier it's so cool here Brian ZF it
yeah okay that's not all I know are you
know at least how to hold on to the club
okay I have it like this and then you
wrap your pinky around that finger like
that and you have your thumb straight
out okay
what do you make a face is for
wait did you lock your fingers like
you're supposed to here we go watch this
you did it you are really pregnant she's
really pregnant just today though
oh there it is okay your games got
pretty intense we hit the side of it on
the first hit and it bounced out let's
go not fair that it doesn't count though
sorry so this game is pretty intense cuz
we're betting something we don't know
what but I'm winning this he wants us
whoever loses there you go whoever loses
she wants us that person to be the
victim of a dare chosen by you guys
leave a comment below with a dare for
the loser of minigolf and also in her
comment say who you think is going to
lose right now Missy is pretty much
killing me she's like six ahead
so if Brian gets this one then we're
gonna be tied cuz I just totally blew it
so
ah
that's three four whatever all right
we're so good I'm still winning
look at this Missy I'm almost almost at
my goal already almost there not
reachable by doing miniature golf
jockeys were walking around and we're
being active I'm already at 4,000 steps
so I'm at 54 and misses at 53 and she
was like what that's not fair and I was
like I'm babe you're winning but this is
the last hole so you got to hit it in
the one well we're gonna get yeah so go
ahead go ahead babe three okay so I do a
two are better yeah to tie it or win it
so you need either one you have to get
the red or the yellow fine I lost you
some crazy
does he look at the little opted this is
number one that is funny
that's so cool if you guys don't know
this is actually where we did our very
first vlog you remember and they had
that huge Kinect for and I creamed you
oh you actually don't watch that blog go
I'll link that below see you
but it was like super cool now the very
first vlog we did yeah my stuff you're
going up should not be allowed to see
that counts as a step how is that count
as a step so I went to smell like South
jellyfish to pull a huge thing I don't
know how to pick it up
I make how it is done I counted out its
920 all my calories that I have left for
the day but you know what every time a
Chipotle are full for like 10 hours it's
insane that's why I was like I'm
starving and I'm gonna like make it
count
alright ready
yeah
now
it's really hot you got a big chunk of
spicy there woman I was so good name one
bite
no not even a little bit she's telling
me that holy food is bad because it has
GMOs and every single thing but the back
of the cup has an angle story about the
cow I could spend my day standing in the
Sun eating grass and hanging out with
other cows I don't the worry about
getting shot up with hormones or
antibiotics it even says that they don't
get shot up before if you guys want to
read it you can pause but I'm not gonna
read the whole thing
look at these artichokes and so weird
why do they have such long stems kind of
look like those Mexican shaker things
Moroccans
who they called shake shake shake shake
Senora shake your body right work work
work
you're so cute by the way today I
learned everything has GMOs in it peace
we don't know
you guys are on cartilage worry about it
you just can't have your own okay this
is carpet deaf totes need cook dough we
need a cool slang for cookie dough what
do you guys think we should do like a
cool slang shortened thing for cookie
dough I've been craving brownies lately
but I've been really wanting to make
black bean brownies so I'm gonna buy a
thing of this and then I'm gonna buy
some black beans and I'm gonna use it to
substitute like the oil in the eggs and
some what are you doing I can get behind
you why who's gonna make it oh here make
your yaki face hey , hi karma boy that's
our dog oh hi karma what's up boy look
at these kids oh my gosh they're crazy
come on man okay hi boy alright oh okay
he's looking for a ball he knows there's
a ball in here you know there's a buck
okay garment wait go back go back okay
ah strike in the house and I see this
piece of paper hanging up on our wall
and it turns out my dad decided to watch
the video and count how many times I
said the word penis and how many times I
said the word circumcision so apparently
what I said the word penis eight times
and circumcision 49 times 49 he said if
this was a drinking game we'd all be on
the floor
you might be wondering hey Brian why are
you holding this giant cabbage well it's
bump date time the bathroom I went to
the bathroom councilman okay we see just
step on okay try it again step why are
you freaking out I've been doing like
three pounds a week good Missy you're
gonna be fine we're in the bathroom
filming the bump data miss he's freaking
out because says she weighs 143 pounds
I'm not sure I just made myself is your
sucks because this is so not accurate
because I do this at night oh yeah what
did you eat a long time ago
hey that's a one 41.5 yeah why is it why
I don't know Bamber I would use a bum
date that's when he gives me the
heaviest weight I've ever seen ever
1:43 you already wrote it cuz we just
filmed it okay well what's you're gonna
have to refill Matt if she's gonna
happen in your hard pack one and a half
pounds it's not that V of a D Missy yeah
three pounds is a baby okay so we just
finished making dinner
brian has his dinner Chipotle I'm bi
totally I'm mad I should I like ate a
small snack I I told not like a million
hungry though okay but we made mashed
potatoes of course as always chicken and
I made some artichoke which that is
probably the only vegetable I will eat
but I do dip it in butter and mayo I
think so do this right help it Brian
is he a yeah you can have that oh my god
so good like that is telling me that
you're gonna start feeling knees and
elbows in yeah you're feeling knees and
elbows yeah like I can definitely
telling ya that is cray you look like
the ice queen right now because I'm so
white yeah there we go
look how good she looks in this camera
you guys whoa okay Missy I'm like trying
to show the world how great you look at
my camera sorry guys um that's her cue
we're getting ready for bed and tomorrow
morning we're getting up early this is
crazy she thinks that I'm gonna be able
to get up early but she really wants to
go to the farmers market and then like
this baby conference thing that we're
having at Babies R Us I've heard about
it but I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
and we will sure tomorrow bye oh my
goodness okay so
sleeping in check she goes to the work /
doctor you're really only going that
Fortuna part out to lunch grabbing some
lunch but look at this salad you die so
I guess we're on the part where we drop
/ lose the camera right
