oh my god that's freaky okay I'm gonna
get
oh yeah
they're having a birthday I was very
focused on the light move him a little
car why are you so weird he freaks out
with reflections and license stuff ever
I do my makeup he's like right there to
get those lights no he's going to leave
toward that wall Missy good morning
bumpers well it is not morning come on
what is running down swing okay uh
alright um it's not really morning more
like noon Missy and I laid in bed and
watched friends for like two hours this
morning cuz which one of the lazy day
humbly homeboy we were being lazy or so
we stayed in bed until like noon this
morning and we're just getting moving
around they keep doing some laundry yeah
it's really nice day out so he might go
swimming too yesterday we were doing
some shoppin and we were just looking
around and I ran into the sports store
because I really have been wanting a
remote-control helicopter I know it's
like the kid in me just wants to come
out and play with a remote-control
helicopter and Missy was like fine you
can get one but they're pretty expensive
in the stores like forty to fifty bucks
and I found the exact one that I want on
eBay for cheap and so I am shopping eBay
trying to decide which one to get I
really like this green color cuz I'm a
green guy but maybe I want something out
they want like red or yellow or orange
or white oh my it is a gorgeous
got my son must know I do know I was and
open your purse I have there in there
can't find any I know we say this every
day but it is seriously I mean it's like
87 80 something degrees out great it's
so amazing
Brian decided he really needed a
remote-control helicopter which he just
loved him the mad one come on I just
really wanted one he's been talking
about it for like months and I'm like
you need a helicopter that's so stupid
but finally he's down on a pretty cheap
one on eBay or something so I agreed to
whatever buy it but now he has to buy me
a bathing suit so I'm really excited
gonna be a big big thing for me to pick
out a bathing suit and then wear it
published and then not two weeks later
say I need a new bathing suit
yeah that will be hard I know this
sounds really weird but grace Helbig was
wearing this like a couple videos ago
I'm not even kidding that's when you
know you're obsessed with YouTube you
but well Missy look at this cool shirt
you wear this cool shirt wear this cool
shirt you've got all these cool shirts
is this one of those fancy ones you wear
off your shoulder and your back look at
me here I don't need shoulders so here's
a bathing suit Tara you look exciting
yes but I'm not sure the top isn't I
like the top - that's very comfortable
to brush on like this cute huh
yeah that way I don't have to like walk
around with the shine on I don't wanna
but yeah just for like sitting in the
Sun I don't want to be just a bikini you
can make this nice little tanning design
ya know what I'm sayin though setup tan
this one it is more bathing suit like
yeah yeah I mean by the regiment it's
crazy because when you look at my
trainee bathing suits in target at least
mmm they're all one piece old I'm not
flattering at all
Julie said yeah I want to I just want my
baby fold pregnant summer I gotta enter
the key and pace will enjoy it yeah
beautiful your bump looks really good at
night I'm going golfing my very first
time on Monday so we need a collared
shirt that looks Niazi yes but okay I
guess that fits pretty good seems like
you're gonna be so hot tight you know
like around your armpit so it also did
say that wedeck fit
I don't let it fit um how you do ironing
um oh my gosh lizard oh my god he's big
he's really big and black and
scary-looking why would he move look
guys know me at all you know that I
can't make a decision for the life of me
and I actually made a decision on a
bathing suit and left there and
purchased it and everything that that
doesn't happen for me so we are
currently headed to the pool it's such a
beautiful day it's starting to get cold
up think we're down to maybe the
eighties or like low 80s now so
we can have a little bit of time in the
Sun before it gets too cold this kid
just climbed this pole what is he doing
look at that look at oh my god
Missy and I don't even have toddlers but
we're hanging out at the toddler pool
because Missy's kidding herself if she
thinks she's gonna go in here this
actually feels good I think last year we
came here so much I never once went out
yes it's so cold I didn't do it yeah
there's oli like the water
drowning him yeah babies drowning this
unique come on look that I lined into
the to the bottom of the pool
yes you do Missy liked her bathing suit
so much that we had to go to the pool
essentially it's basically what's going
on right now these chips right here are
so amazing they're really simple it's
just sea salt and cracked pepper but I
literally am like they're so good and I
got missing yeah you're swaying in the
Sun eating chips so night yeah it's so
nice this is my view right here look how
frigging blue that sky is and you look
she looks like look at her look how cute
she looks someone said on her Instagram
she looks brave she said I was brave to
go out and bikini that's what I think
this is how're the last summer I'll ever
be able to wear a bikini because I may
get stretch marks and I may not feel as
comfortable wearing a bikini next summer
and with a belly and that may not be as
tight as it used to be so this might be
my last summer I got it I got a go for
it it is so like comfortable and the Sun
I literally just like passed out and
it's loud - all these kids are like
screaming and stuff what are you doing
babe I was telling Missy the only thing
that would make this perfect would be an
ice cold beer and a hot dog and burgers
in a smell of barbecue I think I'm just
craving barbecue I mean to show you this
what high bellybutton what are you doing
to it I'm just pushing it out oh my gosh
oh my gosh
Missy put it back for the back try to
get trying it oh my god that's freaky oh
my gosh is it gonna stay if you push too
much no what wait so you can't pop it
out yourself
it's freaky what are you doing just
pushing your BIOS pushing my belly up
weird maybe hey say hi haha look so cute
her little hat and glasses that is
Missy's cousin's baby
another Missy's cousin's baby
you're so stylish you know that
like I know she keeps the key I'm taking
her picture so she keeps like hold down
the pie and come on Thank You Olivia
a book he's not soft no no I squishy
doll Tom papa
sweetly Bozz wake up little one still is
cheap for the Sheep I am making chicken
parmigiana for dinner tonight but Missy
actually had some eggplant leftover from
when she cut into it to see what it
looked like on her bum date when we were
filming her bum day and so I've decided
I've never had egg plant parmigiana but
I hear if you fry it or like cook it it
kind of tastes like chicken
so I battered up a little piece and I'm
gonna see how it turns out should be
pretty interesting
does he look I fried a piece of your
eggplant cuz I'm making a vampire well
it's it's like soft and I haven't tried
it yet and I battered it up nice and
good I'm gonna try it smells good it's
really soft it's interesting it kind of
tastes like like fried zucchini like my
mom would make fried zucchini but it's
actually a lot less like it doesn't have
a lot of flavor it's like very plain you
know boom check that out guys so good
and this it doesn't like to compare
Michonne so she's missing out but that's
my dinner we're getting ready to film a
funny video and we've been planning it
for a while like trying to like
brainstorm ideas of basically how
pregnant women sleep at night so you
know it's like obviously the most
obnoxious thing in the world because
we're uncomfortable and we have to get
up a lot is so we're getting ready to
film not actually wearing a cute little
nightie gown for my video it's like a
little baby doll of course I would never
wear this to bed so we just got done
filming the first part of the help
pregnant women sleep video and it was
pretty funny we have the camera position
up here to do like sort of time-lapse as
we're sleeping and like we were like
fighting over bleh
it's a Missy kept like getting up to get
like glasses of water and stuff and so
we're trying to put together a cool
video hopefully it all works out we just
had to film like a ton of like fast
forward motion Clips and now we're going
to get into like the details I don't
this is not a good actor alright guys so
I'm just gonna end the vlog real fast we
have been up really really late working
on that video for Missy's channel
hopefully it's up tomorrow but I'm not
quite sure I'm feeling pretty dead and
it's late and I gotta edit this thing
already but if you guys haven't sent us
your video for the video compilation
make sure to check the description for
information on that and tell us what
episode we're watching it's gonna be a
hard one but seriously everyone's been
getting at every single time and yeah
we're kind of sags we're almost done
with friends I mean we went through
season 1 through 10 within like maybe
maybe three weeks so we're actually
thinking after we're done with season 10
of friends we're gonna go straight to
the office and then start season 1
episode 1 of the office even though we
just did that too a couple weeks ago
it's really really and I want to take a
shower I'm going to bed
so I hope you guys all had a really
great Sunday and we will see you guys
tomorrow so barn do what they do not
breathe a whole debye at speed take it
but hey don't hold of Itt fake
hold the baby yeah in the old days used
to hang the baby right teeth and then
they used to spank the button yeah they
used to they had to spank the baby
together to cry can you just go like
this I don't know that's
