No oh no boom attack okay
oh yeah
having a boy babe good morning bumpers
I'm going to trim my beard today
trimming trimming my beard yeah it gets
a little crazy sometimes
and I can do this trim it all up oh nice
and neat maybe maybe I should do
something different what do you guys
think leave below in the comments if I
should do anything different with the
beard
like trim it differently cut it
differently
I can't Matt grow more of it so I'm a
little restricted that way it's a
beautiful morning because thank God for
everything a funny time hey Brian you
play spelt all right yes which mode do
you play you play like this oh I play
tower mode so what's your high score
like 700 700
oh my god but I got five thousand six
hundred and seven I love that game don't
ruin it oh I was adding I didn't know
what add romant I guess I don't play the
same good morning bumpers and today we
are headed to lunch with my friend and
karma is really looking at hopefully a
fun day at maybe the park yeah he has me
holding his ball because you just really
wants me to throw the ball Missy still
mad at me cuz I added two rows to her
game why would you stop swinging
yeah I'm at 6,000 now see I helped you
oh you didn't help it Oh
brat she tried wearing this little
cardigan sweater thing and then she got
outside and she's like oh it's hot hey
pretty boy she's crazy she thinks she
needs a jacket inside California well
I'll probably be cold in the restaurant
though so it'll be good there it's like
80 degrees today so I forgot to mention
that not last night for the night before
I had a really bad leg cramp and I
actually talked about at my bump date
but I'm going to go into a little bit
more detail about it okay
I woke up like in it from a dead sleep
I literally popped a wig with my calf
like turning and pulling and I was like
crying and brian is dead asleep next to
me doesn't even flinch I like Brian
Brian help me read how he how I hurt so
bad now stay just like I just kept
falling and I couldn't even he doesn't
even remember just the little amount of
movement that he made with his mouth he
doesn't River at all and I was like
hitting him but I just reminded me
because um someone just commented and
was saying that her husband always used
to wake up for her and like rubber
laying I was like oh there you go Brian
okay so we are now at Don Jose's nothing
and it is like at an amazing Mexican
restaurant check this out and we're
actually hanging out was one of Missy's
old friend Brittany - hi everyone say hi
to Brittany in the comments
be here are you gonna poop again for me
you make me clean your poopy diaper ah
ah sick okay put me back it done
whoa are you drunk baby's hair is
finally getting long enough to actually
do it look what we did
she's not pigtails she loves it when she
always gives us a brush to like comb her
hair but she likes it brushed on yeah
her hair's getting so 9 looks so cute
got pigtails Bailey just had her hand on
her on her hand on her head for like
ever
what's up you thinking it she's just
bare like walking around like it you are
you resting your head on your hands so
cute look at these pigtails so cute
so I guess Missy saving all the boxes
and receipts isn't such a bad thing um
because we kind of just well when we
bought the stroller car seat combo we
didn't think about the fact that we
wouldn't be using the stroller except as
a put like a carrier we won't be using
it as a stroller until like a year a
year and a half so we actually found one
of those frames that just holds the
infant carrier and so we're going to
take this back and for the money get a
nicer infant carrier and then just use
the simple little frame
fact though we've returned everything
that Brian has ever purchased there's
like a million different brands of
carriers we want something comfy this is
nice
narrowed it down to two we only found
two two in this bowl
yeah two in this store yeah get your key
so I could cut it open you see you doing
we're not allowed to carry around knives
here in California so we to use our keys
to cut everything
oh good it's like all complicated and
stuff yeah okay so this one is the great
go it's black but it's super soft
yeah that's not logic cause she me as a
side impact tested so I'm sure that's a
good thing and it still got slick parts
right here in case he throws up on it
Oh coupes or not yeah but when yeah I
really like this one it's not a hundred
percent all right we didn't buy anything
well we did buy one thing from
Burlington a bracelet for my sister it
has a C on it it's all like blinged out
and it's got a cool color so I thought
she'd love it the paper size aren't even
yeah this one's up higher and some lower
we found that weird looking baby again
like a real baby it's even dirty like a
real baby and stinky
you just can't hump but like it just is
so creepy because it feels like a real
baby
yeah help but like hold it like a real
baby yeah do what they do in the
operator they hold it by its beans and
spank its but I had never seen any more
no hold it by its feet and then you
spank its back you hold the baby's feet
yeah in the old days used to hang the
baby rights feet and then they used to
spank the but I don't think so yeah they
used to why would they hold it upside
they had to spank the baby to get it to
cry yeah no candy just go like this I
don't know that's just always what I see
in old movies hey oh my god mom
Neffe come on
hello
come on they don't say it back you see
try and get him to say something it was
just whistling
are they worse son hello he's whistling
cool oh my God look at that move
look at it look at it move oh my god oh
my god oh there's a big really big snake
over there I didn't want to go near at
you guys it's freaking scary looking oh
my god mmm
still moving it's still moving oh my god
oh my god
syoss you'd speak Parseltongue to it
Missy
what you can't cuz you don't know Harry
Potter we had to run back I go and get
karma a tug of war oh because he's been
playing tug of war a lot lately and
we're running out of towels for him to
chew up so I think he'll like this one I
actually took it to Instagram and you
guys voted for the pretty one wait
where's the bunny got wait oh my god
you're so cute bunny rabbit and that's
so cool they're just a bunny chillin on
the side of the road so we just got home
and Missy randomly lays in the grass so
the first thing you did why'd it what
are you doing gonna soak up the Sun in
this the beautiful palm tree above me
yeah yeah and the blue skies yeah you're
weird come on come on who's that
he found his tug of war 'then is that
yours car yes it's yours you can have it
dog oh there we go
okay ah
oh no boo-boo tag but could I got you
whoa I has a C on it
that's so cool and it's a cool blue it's
like my color blue my room
this is where'd you get this from
Burlington I have been organizing my
desk so it was kind of like a huge mess
but I moved the Drobo that was on top
now in this cabinet and so all the cords
feed from the back which is nice but now
I have everything in the cabinet that I
need to start organizing under here with
all this crap I just opened this drawer
which is not fun I have been putting off
opening this drawer for a while so I'm
going to start going through all this
and getting rid of what I don't need and
like look I have ran like what is this I
don't know what this is it's just like
taking up space and as you can see I'm a
very simplistic person I like very
little on my desk when I'm working
that's not that's not working for me
not at all can I show you something
really funny he's very afraid of him so
far what the heck was that
me take a deep breath boy come on hey
can
so it is 10:00 or 9:30 o'clock at night
and Missy is craving chocolate chip
cookies so of course being the good
husband and I am I'm here to get them
for actually have to get like a ton of
stuff okay so not a ton actually not
making title cookies what are you making
how would you cookie go okay
most recipes that I've seen that our
eggless do not look good okay I'm Adam a
banana and my cookie dough and eating it
I know some people might say it tastes
the same I just can't do it but someone
gave me a recipe today that didn't
require any banana or any weird thing
Cole actually left it on our bumps along
the way Facebook wall and so I looked at
I was like that actually looks pretty
good
that's like perfect brown sugar how did
you do that oh it's my little scooper oh
all right here we go I'm gonna try this
chocolate chip cookie dough that's what
it looks like me it looks good it smells
pretty good but I'm just really nervous
not bad that's why not as thick the
texture isn't right
geez you he's burped pretty good
that's your Brian likes it okay yeah
really I think the texture is wrong
right yeah the texture is wrong for me
it's not like thick I know I'm thinking
I'm gonna I think I'm gonna play with it
maybe put some flour and some salt or
some sugar in it white sugar so there's
no white sugar in it which is got it's
like really fluffy yeah no it tastes
like too fluffy
yeah I think I need it a little bit uh
touch love it my caramel cookies with
this yeah Oh
all right guys missy is actually
sleeping
how come we're sleeping to write for
disturbin okay homeboy but I'm going to
end the vlog if you haven't sent us a
video of your little one either baby
kitty doggy belly reacting to our intro
music and then at the end saying I'm a
bumper go ahead and send us out we got
lots and lots of video submissions in so
far and I'm really really excited to do
this and to feature you guys in a vlog
so if you don't know all the details are
below but basically I just want you to
film either your dog your cat your
children your belly dancing along to our
theme music on the blog when you're
listening to it on YouTube and then at
the end saying I'm a bumper so get those
in to us you guys I want to do this
really soon for you and I'm really
really excited I'm really glad
everyone's already excited about it too
so it's very cool and then we come to
see great success why don't you guys
tell us what episode of Friends were
watching and we will see you tomorrow
bye little piggy Pig got anchors she'll
go I don't know about the compass right
there for funny place to put a cup
oh my gosh so cute
personal piggy sing yesterday or a
couple days ago we got a car seat canopy
from Kayla
