Wow
having a birthday good morning Bailey
you playing with octopus Doupe Doupe
Doupe Doupe Doupe do you like it I don't
know I'm his she is huh oh really I'm
just chilling on the bed um watching
little Bailey really that's what I'm
supposed to meet Missy for lunch later
I'm eatin some applesauce for breakfast
really say it why are we talking to this
thing
boy oh he's talking this thing she's
falling asleep she's trying
are you good Bailey all right we're
going we're headed to Missy's work um
cuz Missy took all the chicken no key
soup
as an incentive to get me to come to
work so I'd eat soup with her I mean I'm
doing the whole I'm doing the whole dad
thing right now I got the diaper bag
I got Bailey back there I strapped it in
all nice and tight and we're at it I
even changed the poopy diaper that was
interesting I only gagged once who is
that bunch Bob Squarepants she knows the
song but that's good pinch huh I see
today
I changed a poopy diaper did not even
kidding
I only gagged once but you ate poop tqu
in a poop huh hey deke I did Shoop may I
smell so that oh it's hot I've heard
apart chicken oh my soup takes forever
to heat back up so I'm very sure ting
that it's freezing mama mama
she was update the tongue thing Jews
working with Missy now you put her to
work make her help you she's a cat Holly
don't talking to Siri all the pictures
all right so I'm just getting some gas
now got your baby are you doing hey
having so much fun today um but I was
telling you guys I changed my first
poopy diaper
and then shortly thereafter I changed my
second poopy diaper so not very long in
between here we go here we here we go I
wonder why I am in technology panda
Bailey is tightly thank you
listen to it very loud - okay so my mom
sent us a bunch of packages and look at
this it's not even a box it's like two
pieces of cardboard duct tape together I
totally get props to my mom on this oh
my gosh look at my mom just send us mmm
super cute I'm so cool - Ollie with love
grandma 2013 Oh mom did you make this
guy's little jacket oh my gosh love it
and I was like again we need like an
anchor or something and this is cool if
it's got shells and like it has a
profession mm-hmm finds mom sent karma
some lollipops some doggie lollipops
humbly he knows okay oh gosh my camera
are they flavoring the purple one until
a bacon I mean is it take to go - oh
this is bacon yeah look the colors
purple bacon oh that's funny yeah how
many licks does it take you to get to
this color Criminology pop just gonna
eat it like a dinner karma you're
supposed to lick it so we also got a
package from Brian's sister um these
cute little socks um and then of course
bananas for mommy and a little monkey
enough I really really love much stuff
like it's just my favoritest thing ever
do it yeah we are gonna try a cloth
diaper on Bailey I'm gonna see what it
looks like oh that's a cool one - okay
then we'll go just like this
show us Bailey it's super cute okay how
do they fit fifth take it like a dream
this is a bum geez snap okay how's that
one fat hey good looks a little tight
okay man I made it a little tight Bailey
what do you think you like this one -
she's so absorbent right now it's not
funny huh oh my gosh that was so cute I
cannot wait to cost diaper
Oliver like they're just so cute like
and not to mention everything else about
them but I don't know that's that was
just adorable
so we just left the post office and we
have a few packages so I'm going to open
them right now we're running a few
errands so I thought I just I'm really
excited I just want to open them really
badly so I have a hard time controlling
myself but this package is from kaeleen
in Massachusetts
she made this amazing blanket like it's
so gorgeous and it's like has like
almost a gold pattern on the around the
edges and it's blue and it's so pretty
and it's so soft and just like gorgeous
so thank you so much Cillian like and I
loved your letter thank you so much for
the encouragement what is it
Jeannine and Owen from New Jersey
represent us Oh sleeper says cute job
makers so cute that says mommy's little
done so cute it's like a tank top it's a
romper yeah takes over I love you these
are so cool I'm looking for pizza and
there's nothing Navy look a semi some
pizza you're from New Jersey
hey Peter New Jersey right I think so I
mean it's like New York so Janine also
gave us a little letter with a picture
of a boy who is so adorable look at him
has his little hand print on here
that's it this is nine inches
yeah no no no not that maybe this one's
good I don't know I want more purpley
this is more black I just got done with
a nice big shopping run Lions having
some trouble getting out of guys it's
just like a million people and now we're
headed home to do our bump date yay and
I think we're gonna actually be on time
this week
woohoo last two weeks we've been like
totally off oh okay
and I've been reading the comments on
today's vlog have been so hilarious oh
my god okay I know you know but
seriously like the comments on today's
vlog have been so funny everyone is just
getting a kick because we brought up a
kind of a personal subject and
yesterday's vlog if you haven't watched
it go watch it because it's a hilarious
um and it's cool seeing like how many
people sit and how many people stand so
if you don't know I'm talking about go
watch the vlog this is hilarious look at
these giant California strawberries
these things are monsters look at this
look at this oh my gosh Missy have you
tried these strawberries from Haley and
she's from England look she's actually
from the UK yeah she's actually I'm
originally from Scotland and she's
Scottish I yeah and she actually wrote
down some phrases that she wants us to
try and say okay because I cuz it says
some Glasgow which i think is Scottish
right say this how how do you do it hi
how are you doing is pronounced how're
you doing how're you Dean hi oh how you
Dane that's it how you Dane um
and then will you stop doing that Jenny
not day that and Kenny Kenny not gainey
Danny not day that I think my favorite
is the remote one give me the remote
guess they do far guess they do far
what's in my pieces one of my sandwiches
there we go
oh my god watch it says I love my big
brother karma oh oh my god I think you
thing ever how did she do that
oh my gosh okay and socks that say
Oliver Oh in the cool green - yeah oh my
gosh Oh Oliver
that's like dinosaurs it's like a
placemat Oh God uh one Lannie family no
lady karma all of it uh-huh and an extra
one what are you guys trying to tell us
no that's so cool Haley would wow you
really spoil this you went way out of
your way that is amazing thank you so
much Haley that is so cool okay so we
also got this really big package from
Amazon and it's actually addressed to
mr. Oliver Landing so this is from
Kirstie I want to give him something I
was pretty sure you guys didn't have so
far I hope you like everything I can't
wait to meet him thank you Chris Kirstie
okay what is this for the Karl like
bottles and cups Oh that'll be so
convenient quick change is like a toy I
can twist and play nice okay hmm
that was loud did not know that I was
gonna feed supply
sounds like a gunshot this is also from
here Steve okay oh my gosh the piggy
bank uh whoa okay
you piggy bank you little piggy Pig it's
got anchors so gosh I don't know about
the compass right there that's a funny
place to put a car but that's fun oh my
god is so cute it's very little baby
pink yesterday or the a couple days ago
we got a car seat canopy from Kayla and
we actually got another one today which
is really cool because we can always
shut up but this is from Nikki Thank You
Nikki and this is what this one looks
like it's this cool black pattern and
it's got comfy gray graved so cute we're
not engraved Oh embroider Oliver James
Oliver James
it's so cute look who I just caught
red-handed karma what are you doing he
obviously got into his package and you
ate them all karma you're supposed to
you're not supposed to eat them all in
one sitting boy oh my gosh look at what
we have left this is all we have left
from today's package that came with for
karma karma you got some splainin to do
Carla you made the bet all nasty even
alright we gotta throw it in the wall we
have sorted the washing out Carla are
you happy are you happy boy no you're in
trouble you're in trouble you're not to
do that yeah it was worth it he got four
lollipops
was it good the light he fell driven to
the wall
ooh artists kit yeah okay yeah weirdo we
just got done filming our bump date but
um this week was the eggplant and I've
never like opened up an eggplant before
I'm sure I'm not gonna eat it or
anything I don't see what it looks like
yuh-huh not that bad hmm kind of smells
like a melon hey guys so I'm gonna end
the vlog but first what episode of
Friends are we watching you guys are so
good at this everyone gets it every
single time is so cool I want to make a
little announcement before I go though
if you have a little one a dog a cat a
baby an infant loves watching our vlogs
who dances to our music who gets really
really excited then I have a request for
you guys and it's going to be really
cool because I want to put you guys in
the vlog so please go to the scription
and read what I have and I want to make
a video compilation of your guys's
videos and so check the description for
all the details below and see how you
guys can get involved this way to do it
is on your iPhone and you use the
YouTube capture app but when you film it
do not film like this this is portrait
mode and that's a big big no-no record
the video like this
okay so this not good this good I'm
super super excited and I can't wait to
see what you guys send us but for right
now it's getting really late so we're
gonna go thank you for watching and we
will see you tomorrow seriously what
episode of this you guys already know
you're already commenting you already
know what it is huh peace ah
he put the chocolate on top of the soup
and they all melted they're all melty
like really bad okay
hopefully got art session has reached a
whole new level right now you guys look
at this your own ladle I know
