since Missy is wearing any dress to her
ultrasound they gave her a very large
napkin okay I'm gonna get okay
Oh
they're having a birthday hey guys so I
am getting all ready I gonna have any
shorts so I'm wearing my cool new
cut-offs today well they're not new
they're actually very old like ancient
like I wore these when I was a teenager
but Missy just called me and she told me
that she's coming home because we have
another doctor's appointment and I don't
know why but I always forget that we
have doctor's appointments and it's the
most annoying thing in the world so I
was like getting ready really fast I'm
thinking today is gonna be another hat
day and I'm wearing my hat like every
day if you guys don't notice when my
hair's a crappy mess and I don't want to
do anything to it I just put our hat but
I have been wearing my hat for like
three days now and I feel like my head
breathe a little I was checking out our
vlog and YouTube did a little update
thing today
where they actually put a little plus
sign next to your views so you know a
lot of people they're always like why
are the view stuck at 301 and they're
actually stuck at 301 because you're
getting so many views and YouTube
doesn't update it until after 301 so
when you're at 301 it stops updating
them and then it waits until all the
views at first are finished and then it
updates it but I thought that was a
little that was cool they put that
little uh they put that little plus sign
there to let you know that's what's
happening so kind of a geek kind of nerd
it out this morning I very easily get
nerd it out do you hear a car door huh
did your car door boy huh who is it who
is crazy goodness
who's that who's that who's that oh my
gosh oh my gosh okay so we I'm off work
I'm gonna figure that but I was working
and we are now headed to my doctor's
appointment this road really sucks it's
really windy and not fun okay
last month I was 130 130 it's been four
weeks I'm gonna say you're 136 you know
more no oh wow okay five pounds in a
month okay
not that bad baby water waited since
Missy is wearing any dress to her older
sound they gave her a very large napkin
to wear this one is from Austria really
that crazy huh I was like yellow
they must have yellow melon off so what
does it say on the side what do you mean
on the other side open it as soon as you
get it
strict orders fine okay well we're gonna
wait till I get home okay this package
is from Josie in Michigan mi is Michigan
existence hey need some help there I got
it me all right
a little toy oh my gosh I love that guys
did she get that I don't know so that is
so awesome
oh my gosh what well booties combo
flight holy cannoli
I'll be me
Wow
a rattle monkey rattle on and monkey
strapped covers do you think she this is
so cool
what's nice okay I was just telling this
yesterday that I want Ali's first
stuffed animal to be like something that
has character yeah you know and this is
like so cool and fitting to that um -
Missy Brian and baby Oliver I've her
name is Delilah and she's a blue merle
which brings me to the i made the Hat
and booties in the colors of Brian's
Hogwarts house Oh Raven claw
so now Ollie has his first Raven claw
peril ah
uh I also made a monkey because monkeys
always win and an octopus because I
thought it fit your inner Street theme
very well I really hope you guys enjoy
everything and I'm praying for you guys
every day and always keeping you in my
thoughts
seriously look how look at this is
awesome this is like definitely what you
were saying like before his first leg
teddy bear yeah so cute to have
character and also be squishy and soft
and yeah so cute okay so this is from
Apollo at Perry Pula on YouTube it's
actually from Austria so that's pretty
crazy oh my gosh
we see look at this car on says oh wow
that's so cool oh that's making it to
the fridge for sure the card is like oh
my god do you see this yeah so good oh
my gosh that's so cool I just wanted to
send you a little something to thank you
for all the fun moments you give me you
make the worst days not that bad you
always make me smile even in days I'm
depressed you're such an example of
fighting for what you want you are
really inspirational I'm so excited for
baby Olli to arrive you're going to be
amazing parents I hope I find someone as
special as Bryan
oh I'm special
love that card I was sick yes to open it
like a fancy gift whoa get you got this
awesome
oh it's a little doggie in a ship that
says oh we're really soft really feel
says hi there little puppy it's got
puppies it's so cool because it's got
puppies and it also sorry yeah
theme you know what this awesome oh this
is
ahoy cute more Oh kind of I like say
he's like puppies oh no he wants the
playpen
uh-huh cute yes and a bib
it says ship ahoy oh so cute that cute
little outfit basically and they're like
the softest blankets in the world
super cute thank you so much yeah Thank
You Paula that was awesome and I'm
totally digging this card I like this
more I know it's really cool a funny
story we got that car seat canopy
yesterday and it's really funny because
on today's vlog we have two people
saying that they sent it to us but I
actually received a private message from
them so we know whose is whose so this
one that we got is actually from Kayla
so Thank You Kayla because it is awesome
and we love it and I guess we have
another one coming too so we can totally
swap them out and stuff like that oh my
gosh the funniest thing just happened
well okay Ollie was like all like in
like a spa or he's like about to push
out of me and so commerce Brian started
talking to him and telling him to like
you know move over and then Ollie
literally kicked Brian's face so hard it
already kicked me in the face it's so
funny anyways we are headed some
where to get dinner and basically our
family has decided that it's probably
worth it to just go ahead and buy the
gallon of chicken Okies yeah we're now
buying it by the gallon yeah so it just
it probably is a better deal to just buy
big thing of it bring it home and maybe
the lastest a couple days this sounds
delicious how the funny joke he said
well and I know everyone says that we
should make it at home
we tried actually a few months ago and
it just did not turn out our I think
that we will one I don't know if we did
it right because we kind of left out
some ingredients that we thought oh
that's gross but I don't we're not very
we're not like cooks or whatever so I
think we'd rather just go buy it all
right guys we got the soup and it's in
the back and it smells amazing they
actually made it fresh for us so uh we
are pretty much excited we can't wait to
get home and see what it looks like even
give us a little ladle at a crap-ton of
breadsticks ah you put the chocolates on
top of the soup and they all melted
they're all melty like really bad okay
we got our obsession has reached a whole
new level right now you guys look at
this ladle I know they even gave us an
Olive Garden laid off oh so good oh my
gosh and they could get fresh for us are
you freaking out it looks so good yeah
like delicious you can just eat it by
the ladle go for it this is the remains
of this to be pretty much downed almost
the entire thing
I hope there's like at least two bowls
left that was so good though we
literally just devoured it everyone just
left a doctor's appointment is actually
her doctor's appointment that she was
getting an MRI cuz she's been having
some back problems and so they wanted to
check like her bones everything but I
wasn't on in because I'm pregnant so
that's kind of bums bums me out but um
we're leaving now so it's time for bed
as you can see it's dark out so you go
to bed so Missy just got out of the
bathroom and she came into the room and
she said that she didn't realize that
being pregnant would make it so hard for
her to wipe her butt but it does right
nothing is private anymore babe there's
like this internet thing going around
like a debate at whether or not you
should be sitting or standing when you
wipe your butt when you're at the toilet
I can talk to you guys Missy's Missy's
going over there saying Brian but I can
talk to you guys about this right I mean
we're all friends we're all family we
can talk to each other about this so if
you're brave enough leave it in the
comments and you can just right standing
or sitting and people be like what the
hell are they talking about but for me I
guess it would be standing I don't know
how you do it when you're sitting this
is freaky God over there it's okay to
talk about poop every once in a while
Missy it's normal everyone poops the
first three years of our marriage
I never even witnessed Missy go poo like
I never like walked into the bathroom
after her and smelled that I never like
was like where's Missy for 20 minute oh
she's in the bathroom oh she must be
doing that
now I had no indication whatsoever that
she had ever created a bowel movement
the first three years of our marriage
for real I don't know how I just don't
go get off because I was like hiding
from you by the way I have a friends
episode on tell us what episode that is
you guys are so good at this I barely
show them anything yesterday to see and
they knew I don't know if they're gonna
be able to figure this one out cuz I
mean the beginning was kind of a
giveaway but I don't know if they were
paying attention
hmm well that's my cue ah we're gonna go
now so I'm tired there was something
else I was gonna tell you guys though
well did you hit play what are you
listening to will.i.am
house listening to well I am sooo new
album did you I'm sure you did something
Missy we're gonna go to bed and tomorrow
we have lots to do as I say this a lot
of people on Missy's channel have been
commenting on videos asking if she's
gonna do like a day in the life or a
week in the life and I don't know if a
lot of people from her channel know that
we daily vlog I know someone else you do
a week in the life it's like what whiny
- week watch a week's worth of lots
pretty pretty much to show our team like
Anna's gonna work yeah do stop all that
so I don't know I don't know how many
people really know on Missy's Channel if
we get a vote let us know in the
comments if you watched mrs. channel
also if you only watch the daily vlogs
um so I'll be interesting at to see ya
I'm gonna turn these lights off and go
to bed cuz I'm tired but we will see you
guys tomorrow or as Missy would say on
her channel Hey right
is that you do it there is some pictures
yeah so look at how stinking cutie is
his nose and it's lemon oh my gosh
so sting that's the only one that was
like really good
this one is they stuff in the way you
can see like his little hands rubbing
his face that's placenta
