uh-oh you guys hear that
do you guys hear that what big effects
you know so far
okay look at how speaking QP is closer
there you go
oh we were going to me what you thought
I did
did you really I did I'm trying to get
Missy to do her first vine and she's
having trouble she's seriously acting
like she's 100 years old come on I know
you know how to do it awkward but you
blog all day with a camera in your face
but you can't like talk on the vine oh I
just looking at myself like here are you
listen that's good that's good that's
good how much time did you record oh
that was a lot did you push it down for
a long time before here are a few of my
favorite things karma Brian oh so much
time find some more of your favorite
things it's great so funny did it she
made her first vine it wasn't that bad
no it's kind of fun okay show me so
funny
now that Missy has her first vine go
follow her on vine in the link in the
description and follow me too and we'll
try and follow everyone back because we
want to see your cool vines too but it's
so fun it's like creating like a mini
vlog well I got like a bunch of people
following me oh really
yeah I did see you had an audience
already there is waiting waiting for
that first pharmacy stop talking come on
what are you lying about what is it
what's up there oh that theme the tug of
war thing I totally forgot that I put it
up here because I got it for him so he
can play tug of war and then you wanted
to play tug of war all that time ha now
you got it back like I get it
a nipple in debate relation work so it
is a lunchtime and told my mom we've got
brownies I could make her some oatmeal
cookies or we could have a spoonful of
peanut butter
but that's just cuz I was being lazy but
we're going to make my cream cheese and
have the leftover barbecue chicken that
we made yesterday Brian's having the
scammer expect good I made the most
amazing sandwich out of it will start up
anything with sourdough is good
come on miss you won't even try it
there's totally like sandwiches like
that how do you want this just in case
baby I know he's also making sweet
potato fries I guess he bought some out
Walmart I forgot I bought that and I was
like oh yeah that's not amazing but
you're headed to the pool it's actually
a nice 81 degrees out today it's not
like boiling hot but it's you know good
mother and mom she her backs I'm killing
her obviously we already know that but
we were thinking maybe the hot tub would
be nice for her to have time to not go
left why are they going right I don't
know but we'll just show them how wrong
they are by beating them and maybe I'll
actually get in a real pool I think I'll
do it
it's not promising I literally have
never got ID last year we went to the
pool all the time and it was like 100
degrees out I don't think I ever once
got in the pool cuz I just like hate
being cold I just hate being cold I just
remembered that the other day when I
went to the baby shower I picked up
Brian something really special and I was
going to give it to him because he loves
these but um oh no this is about Holly
you got me a stick nice wheel this is
what it was a cake pop but now it um
like a smash cake yeah you can still eat
it I can still feel good oops
she is actually in the water we actually
walked all the way in the water look at
her go
how's it feel you feel not pregnant it
feels so weightless
yeah I feel so heavy all the time that
like right now I felt like really good
I'm gonna die cousin would always say
that she feels like she's drowning her
baby I don't like is that weird no no no
and it's so fun when he kicks love it
almost did it she almost did it
Phyllis did it oh oh she did it how was
it tonight again we go with that
it's almost like a shark like a shark
fin except it's a pregnant belly yeah
you're like a movie it's like a water
but we stick it out of the water she's
doing the breaststroke that was pretty
good
is it easier to do if you have bigger is
super windy so hopefully this isn't too
annoying but we're just laying in the
Sun now it is a tea dose my weather
wants better than yours but yeah it's
like super sunny I think I'm finding
everyone with very white belly it's not
that white pink help poke me back
no he hasn't take over there oh he's not
even on that side is he doing it come on
every boy every boy
hi I'm gonna sue me yeah I think Missy's
finally getting the hang of vine
so yeah actually follow me they can just
right now no follows I'm fine and if
you're making vines we'll follow you
back because I want to see other cool
ideas for vine cuz it's really cool like
you can tell a story in six seconds
I just keep watching it over and over
again so yeah fine but your contact is
right hey oh oh oh gods what if it's
about yours CAHSEE oh it fell out again
you did it look at their Robert De Niro
impression you guys see that
Utah's a new ice cream cone and it
actually has a waffle cone well I guess
they didn't normally have cones I think
they just usually do the frosting in a
cup but now they have the waffle cone
it's delicious actually have a bite oh
yeah
you should call the whole team so second
live here I don't know is it good tell
me if this happens to you guys but I'm
about to leave and it's literally like a
requirement for me to forget at least
one thing every time just out of the
shower it's so much fun swing like
seriously I think that I love swimming
all pregnant it just feels so nice he
feels so like weightless as I was as I
was getting out of the the pool I was
like oh gosh I'm pregnant now I remember
now I think I'm going to go ahead and
try and finish this oops
and so we've got the first coat of white
on it a lot of people suggested that we
sand it down after we paint it and maybe
that'll help give it like a little more
of a rugged e look so I'm gonna see if
that if we can do that and then my
sister that's the store today I had her
pick up a darker blue maybe to paint
that no actually looks pretty didn't
close doesn't it so I'm shopping at
Winco now we are gonna be grilling
tonight so what's for dinner
so just had to pick up a few things but
I'm excited cuz it's the first time
we're actually using the grill so you
had to clean it all off and scare all
the spiders away alright so I went ahead
and set up paint outside cuz Brian will
be barbecuing outside it's not my
favorite place to be because our
backyard is so small and with karma he
really makes it kind of a mess out here
so I'm not usually out here but I
thought it's the perfect day to paint
outside of course when we're out here
karma has to play something like he
freaks out if we come outside so we're
gonna play some frisbee
oh nice good job boy he's so proud of
himself you feel comes back Cranston
misses getting our paint on and Karma's
freaking out about the frisbee yeah
throw it okay okay you ready whoa that
was me what are you doing are you making
a vine we got everyone hooked on vine
today even Missy did it again while I
was gone she's loving it
hey let me see let go look girl okay
this frisbee is not fun to hold it hurts
me world drops girl oh yeah right so I
got all the stakes all seasoned up all
nice and neat and come up
are you still freaking out every time I
turn on the camera he freaks out one
thing that I've learned about stakes is
that the most important thing you can
season them with is salt because the
salt is what's actually going to bring
out a lot of the juices and make them
like super super juicy so I love
grilling steak and we have some really
huge awesome steak to grill and so no
pressure on me or anything but no
pigeons out he's peeling titers well we
have everything okay yeah Missy is like
mashed potato feed don't worry tone I
just want to show you why you
Oh Oh bad
these are bugs please so we don't want
bugs don't want the bug okay I'm sorry
actually like okay I mean oh yeah quite
alarm oh my god wait that's a worm yes
okay um yeah that's why you check it
apparently I bought a piece of corn with
a battalion warm on it you did it
understand he doesn't understand you
supposed to check up but this is he
moving touch it ahead touch it no you
touch a at least it's not like moving um
but yeah okay I'll check the corn next
time yeah we're gonna check that now
okay okay so I'm lighting the grill this
should always be fun right
that's his mom and I'm lighting a match
and the match broke I can smell the guys
now felt what do I do when it's all the
top of the grill I did it no explosion
and I have my eyebrows uh-oh you guys
hear that do you guys hear that what the
worm is a lie that ladies and gentlemen
is why you always check your corn oh
he's right there don't do me you thought
that little thing that's not even barely
moving jumped at you oh my god oh god is
moving oh my god you see it yeah I see
oh my god oh my god oh my yeah you want
the corn eat the corn it's a coin little
guy I've done Oh No
that is so gross stop it
got the steaks on the grill I should
have said it the way that Michael says
it on the office he goes Burt it's
what's for dinner
I hope these turn out good I had to call
my uncle who actually lives in Wisconsin
I always have to say Wisconsin like that
bTW he is like the grill master so he
told me medium heat these are thick
steaks so they're probably going to take
a little bit longer but every two to
three minutes just be turning them all
right so just finish the mashed potatoes
now getting ready to put the corn in
here and brightness some of this cake
we're almost ready
look at her little cubes of butter hey
that's a good idea
yeah they sitting in bed early yeah okay
Romero and the bugs too yeah water to
kill the bugs mistake it was a success
oh man it was so good I was like the
best steak we've had in a long time
you just ate just look at it she's got
it she's going it well I'm still the
boss I'm still the creaming boss she
just did the first coat of the blue
looks really good good job I can't wait
to see it hanging oh you should probably
do the bottom oh you're gonna see that
found a little bug in our bed it's
probably because the windows oh the
window was open for a little bit yeah
get it you get it yeah we've been doing
lots of bugs today not about hi comma
boy
oh hi don't go okay was that your bug is
that your friend I'm getting ready for
bed I'm exhausted and I have work in the
morning I took a lot of time off last
week because I was helping out with my
mom but it's time to go back to work
which I'm sad about ollie is kicking
like crazy tonight is getting so strong
and so hyper and scary I'm sorry to get
scared I have something really cool that
we've been working on for a while and
it's kind of like a secret right now but
hopefully this week we'll be able to
share it with you guys but I'm super
excited if you haven't yet we asked on
our Facebook page to post like some of
your favorite moments of the vlog or
like funny things that we've said and
stuff like that so hopefully this week
we can share it with you but I've been
working really hard on it with like the
small amount of free time that I have
so we're headed off to bed hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog we would see they smile
bye hi you don't want to say bye
Oh big one boy are you spit i drooled Oh
so Brian is making guacamole in my new
chair that is but like a minute what was
that
