he's so cool he's yeah one of our cats
probably ate his tail look he's just
chillin on the rock okay
oh yeah
having a boy named good morning everyone
so I am headed off to work but before I
was able to even leave I noticed that I
have a that you can guess what's coming
flat tire
totally flat and I'm supposed to be at
work right now
and I'm carrying like a ton of flyers
take all the Flyers that are in my car
and put them into Brian's car that kind
of sucks kind of a bummer morning now
but it is so nice like seriously so nice
and I'm so sore from yesterday's walk
and I wouldn't even I say that we walked
maybe like half a mile my calves and my
butt hurts so badly now I woke up this
morning so sick and like tired and I
have like the worst headache and like my
whole body is just like really tired and
achy and like I was feeling like dizzy
and sweaty and cold and I probably got
like a good 13 hours of sleep but now
I'm just trying to relax uh Wow waiting
for me to get here I think she's at a
doctor's appointment I think they're
doing like a urine analysis that she was
actually supposed to have done a couple
weeks ago playing this really cool new
app called plunder Lin tell me if you
guys have played it but basically you're
like these little pirates and you tilt
the iPad to move right and then
sometimes you run into ships like this
OOP and you have to like fire cannons at
them ooh
who's got the guy in the blue gotta go
go Oh
ooh I crushed Oh God
yes and then if the guys get out is it's
kind of violent it's kind of violent but
you can like take them and drag them
underwater
and then like drown them so that's nice
I've been addicted to this game this
happens every time I just find any game
to get addicted to so yeah it's good
that we have an iPad to pass the time Oh
sometimes you find these uncharted
islands with like these village people
who want to kill you and stuff and you
got to attack them and take their stuff
once again not a very appropriate game I
am making
a Mingo a go-go smoothie and the
nutribullet and I almost put milk in it
and then I saw that it was apple juice
so I probably wouldn't have been very
good but this is my first time trying
this time and we're done
ah looks like way creamy it looks good
oh wow good it's so good karma are you
okay are you okay oh he's back playing
his ball he just like projectile vomited
he just like coughed and then like what
stuff came out and me and my brother
both saw it so we couldn't like pretend
we didn't see it which I mean argue that
but Jimmy's like walk away I was like I
can't and then we had to do something
about it so that kind of sucks I hope
you're okay boy you feeling okay
yeah you feel better knew you stepped on
a roly poly yeah Missy I didn't mean to
well rest in peace
do they call them oh yeah they call them
roly polies in California in Idaho roly
polies are called potato bugs on a
potato bug oh wait
in California they call potato bugs I
don't know cuz I'm from Idaho and
California I don't get it and then there
are Roly Polys they're different Oh bugs
are different than Rolla cool oh I
didn't know that it's like kind of
yellowy and they find him in potatoes no
they're just found in the ground oh look
at my wife right now you guys she's so
stylish right now she's got her little
white flats and it heard I don't know I
always tell her that she should do
outfit of the days cuz I think she's so
cute but she doesn't think she has
enough style
I really don't know this is like my only
outfit
can you get that oh my gosh what is all
this in my car babe I'm going to pick up
some of Missy's medication she's
dragging me out of that thing yeah we
medicate her so that she is gone we're
gonna go get you some pills so that you
can dope you up my creatives
I just came you're just writing to
Walgreens oh she made me get out of the
house and so I made her drive and so now
I don't know I don't know if I'm more
mad at her for making me get out of the
house or if she's more mad at me for
making her drive right I don't know we
don't even know we don't know right now
I don't know if I I think I cut it out
of yesterday do today's vlog but we miss
you drop boat okay um we have to phrase
this correctly we dropped the camera
yesterday we really dropped our camera
yesterday onto our concrete and now our
camera because of our actions is falling
a person so every time I go to vlog I am
always like like the black shell like it
was like spaced up so I like squished it
back together and it's like I think it's
working okay
it's a so important I mean it's still
recording so that's good and I'm kind of
we're gonna need a new camera soon and
I'm bummed because I wanted to get Missy
another camera so that we got two
cameras but now I might just need to get
her another camera so that we'd have a
camera for when this one breaks some
people did suggest that we should start
selling shirts or like merchant stuff
what am we can what if we can do that
and then for all that money if there's
any profit just buy a camera
because then it's like you guys are
giving us money you're giving us a
camera to continue making amazing claws
let me know what you guys think about
that the comments that could be
interesting
Missy's going into ready because she
wants ice cream but look at this dope
car what ground on a Gatorade cuz I like
to drink Gatorade when I must feeling
well but I'm not sure what kind of liked
I never drink Gatorade think I like blue
- weird that blues of flavor blue should
not be a flavor what yeah 15 for 50
cents more you can get the big ones all
right yeah they're two for six
this he loves there's fifty ice cream oh
I talked about oh really
sometimes we forget what you guys
already know about us look at these
things
they're called solar pets just move
their little heads when they're in the
Sun get an owl I like the little owl one
I always see these bladeless plant fans
I totally don't understand them and now
they have is the air come out of this
side of the side oh it's this side yeah
it's like a little mini bladeless fan
that is cool okay guys this is an actual
little lizard look at how little he is
he's even missing a little tail lizard
Oh
oh my gosh look at him doo-doo-doo-doo
he's so cool he's yeah one of our cats
probably ate his tail lookit he's just
chillin on the rock just chillin like a
villain
bring it no it's karma that's because of
karma I can't do it
seriously seriously said necessary okay
so we're going to open up a couple of
gifts I know we told you guys we weren't
going to do it until like the Saturday
vlog but we feel bad because we get them
and like we want to show you guys like
us opening them so and we I think people
like it better yeah so let us know what
you think I mean is better if you want
to see us open them or just see them on
one day but like we get a lot of
packages right now we're getting a lot
at least and I feel like if we did it
all on Saturday it would be like a lot
you know okay this is from Kathie aka
Clarence Queenie she said I love your
videos and congrats on baby Oliver
some little troll oh yay hey watch cost
starfish we're getting all of our
bathtub so that's pretty cool alright
this is from the bakers in Wisconsin oh
that's actually I'm Allie Baker oh
really
yeah this super cute looks like it's a
onesie with a top oh man that is awesome
and okay I'll get it yeah nice that's
super cute and think she painted
unsuccessful you did like every
individual one - yeah that's so cool
Thank You Allie this is from someone in
England from Sheffield England that
sounds familiar actually I'm Charlotte
Oh char jar binks 23 I see her comment a
lot yeah says she came across our videos
about a month ago and she's obsessed and
she got really excited when we showed
her comment on our very first epic
comment Wednesday he's got some really
cool stuff in here for ollie looks like
a little once he went buzz
ah thank you
this is kind of funny there's a actual
tea bag in here
Oh karma don't know I'll explain but we
got when we got our first package from
England I was like oh I bet it smells
like tea it was like a blanket yeah cuz
they drink a lot of tea in England but
now it actually does smell yeah actually
does is it really it smells like teen oh
honey
and then there's something in here for
karma yeah well I think he has that deal
Thank You Charlotte charge are beings I
see you comment on our stuff all the
time so I hide things from you because
you're gonna be asking for him every
time we vlog huh okay we got another
package that says open upon arrival so
um except first I was like oh no I don't
wait this is from Keira Jason and Gordon
and she got him I know it's so cute
oh man blue crab hat oh it's so cool oh
and a little jacket oh my gosh that's
awesome
Oh cute oh my oh this is a really nice
outfit I love this so thank you to Cara
and Jason I have a seven month old son
Rayden who is the light of my life
Oh baby boys are so much fun mine
actually has figured out how to crawl
today oh that's so cool happy also known
as clearance queenie also sent us the
other day these awesome cutie pie socks
and then like made to look like shoes
that's really awesome we also got this
really cute letter from Victoria
congratulations
she is pregnant with a little boy named
James Richard and she just loves our
daily vlogs and so thank you so much for
your letter it was very encouraging
to many many ball going up so we just
watched karma watch Karma who's watching
karma watching Karma
there's a lot of watching karma so this
next package is actually from Carter and
Piper's mama and she was the one who won
our giveaway who actually won the
chalkboard and she sent us this amazing
package karma is like really eyeing this
and he really wants yeah we're pretty
sure that's his right you really want to
play with it I'll let you play with it
but you gotta give it back
is she got it eh um I always present
Charlie bananas diaper cloth diaper cute
little swim shorts which I've been
looking for swim shorts like that are
kind of small so like this is super cute
a onesie that says little brother and
then a cute little romper oh my gosh
happening cutie sell boats on it and
then some little swim trunks swim diaper
which I guess can you wear these and
this is all you have to wear you don't
have to wear anything else
yeah no other diaper needed all they
have to wear is this Wow yeah that's so
cool and we got a card wow there's a lot
of things in here thank you so much it's
awesome thank you so much for choosing
us as the giveaway winner we cannot wait
to meet baby ollie I just got off the
phone with my buddy Jared in Idaho and
he was telling me he got a call from his
producer last night and he was so
excited about what he put together for
our song for all of her that he called
him at like 11 o'clock at night and was
telling him like this is like gonna be
the most epic biggest song that he's
ever done and I mean this guy it's got
just some really really great we're
basically all the instrumentals are done
and all Jared and Michelle have to do is
record vocals getting really really
pumped up really really excited just
want to give you guys a little update on
what's going on with that song I swear
I'm wearing a different outfit every
time I start vlogging I just realized
I'm wearing a different shirt my mom got
me this super cute picture that I think
she founded it been awesome me on
hopefully that's right and it's like so
it's like this it has little things on
it right now but it's like
almost feels like clay I'm gonna explain
it and then this like actually pops out
it's so cute and I was only like ten
bucks so and it just says dig in summer
I know you're like the best housewife
ever just know if it's quite done ooh
don't eat one smells so good in here
though I want it how much longer I like
3 1 minutes you guys I'm walking back
into the kitchen and it smells so
amazing but none abroad
I'm trying Missy's banana bread for the
first time it smells so good hey Penn no
it's not that good I'm just a it's
really good I mean he doesn't go to bed
now thereby missing by he's behind the
camera she just took a shower I'm feel
like a pig I'm just shoving it all in my
mouth I am very nice booth get a bird
hurry up okay gotta go
bye
say oh I have another hand y'all why
don't we do this for our birthday oh
yeah you turned 24 do you a cake and you
can smash another one over
