we totally just solved the whole pulling
on the leash thing with karma basically
you just put them in a shotgun
okay
oh yeah
they're having a boy babe hey everyone
so we have had a late start this morning
but is that but we normally start out
our daily vlogs with hay bumpers or hey
guys and you started out with
hey everyone cuz that's how you start
out videos under breath oh yeah well
anyways Brian woke up 6:00 so we've
gotten a late start but today is
Bailey's birthday party and guess what
we're going before that guess just guess
just guess
can you guess you're probably right
Olive Garden I am seriously not at 100%
I I um heard I feel like I'm at like
maybe 40% my entire body aches so bad
and I'm sick and I just like I I just
want to know what it feels like to be
normal again
ever thought that already kind of weird
you literally are always sick I know I'm
always sick all the time it just like
sucks I eat a lot of oranges I don't
understand I'm in heaven
delicious that's the best friend you can
take yourself yeah okay just left Olive
Garden I was like the best i okay I've
been sick saying I don't really have
that many cravings but that's that's
definitely a creamy and now he is
kicking me like crazy we're up right
there he's like huh
nah this isn't a show do feel that way
oh yeah Wow he's digging hard
hey body slamming here I know I swear
and actually this morning I downloaded
an app so that I could try and like
track his kicks because I get asked a
lot like how often does he kick and I
swear it's like literally all the time
like he kicks me all the time like I
can't I would have to like literally do
this all day yeah I can't I was like I
just deleted the apps I was like this
isn't gonna work and I just kicked all
the time it's like I mean I would say I
feel him kick I mean he has like his
spurts like all of a sudden it's like
kick it kick it kick it kick it kick but
I would say that he does I will at least
feel him kick once every one out every
hour but that even seems like like not
that much because I swear he kicks more
than that so it's just like yeah he
kicks a lot we are at Target now picking
out an outfit for a little ballet we're
headed to a birthday party and OH should
she match all of her little anchors it's
different yeah I think he's actually has
an outfit like this by the time he's
born she's gonna be out of that yeah
Sadie and she no no dolls oh hey who are
you no dolls Missy Phoebe and she even
has the braids like Phoebe I guess Oh
monie well happy dogs
spacing the other way on the phone so
she doesn't even know it's gonna happen
Wow we scared you all right can it work
look at this weird toy we just found so
you push it okay so you sit that you
have your baby sit down it has a little
poop and then you can flush it what it's
weird there's actually a picture of poop
on there Missy freaks me out
hi baby dude birthday look at her little
princess outfit okay first birthday look
at this you guys also the picture that I
took is on her King
it's so cool I've never seen a picture
of mine on a cake before take it and go
go don't go don't go but let's see how
far we can get to stretch keep going
keep going
hold on to it Oh princess baby come here
okay
go all the way to the TV whoa okay spies
attack fast attack Oh No okay all right
laughs no no better just giving the bag
and I would have bill for a walk
Oh yours girl out diapers did have
velcro okay
and so they not prefold to them - yeah
they did not hate Oh double layer and we
got pocket diaper and shaped like this
my mother-in-law made them and they have
felt for them that was three one right
it's three years ago Wow
they have disposables yeah look at those
are okay
they're much different they look gross
to me and you just put it in the laundry
that's it I just put it in my Christina
and say zombie I think that's a little
mean we do the hoop train take ideas
another slow but all in one so it's
basically it's much more simple this is
all it is there's no like inserts or
anything so this is it don't rinse them
out know if you've always went star
divergence if you are breastfeeding then
it's actually water soluble so you can
just put it that you'll do whatever to
the washing machine then just like this
yes just put it all in there is water
soluble water
oh let's see what is it is it obviously
doesn't know that it's her person yeah
come on Bailey
oh yeah trouble no it is just a ball
with no dough no this for a boy and a
girl yeah he likes the cup
nice and simple yeah I taught her I
think it's harder to get her drink on
don't open it I think thank you it over
here that's just big enough for
something I've ever come with anything
is it like uh I just
you guys forgot to put something in here
a lot of people went to Target she feels
very refreshed to from it lookit she's
still drink yeah well it does look I
think it's gone very where's my cup from
Missy Brian and Ollie are you okay what
did you get
tug of war bad a pretty little dress
that matches Ali's room yeah I was in
that section and be part of all these
decorations all the other ruffle on the
booties yeah get a Bailey pull it huh
huh
teacher our class icing that's kind of
good huh yeah very delicate now she's
got it
carrot it's like oh I have another hand
oh very odd doll why don't we do this
for our birthdays on you turn 24 yes do
you a cake and you can smash in two days
ago some cases another one bring these
pieces out first she wouldn't do it
right okay
you guys have scissors Bailey taking my
phone baby up she goes I opened it all
up her your phone and ran in the dolly
Brian just to play with it I know you
think you like it more than she does but
you that hit her I was watching and
you're not close to it
we are knob shopping at Home Depot for
our armoire that is just about finished
so we got to choose some knobs and Wow
we have walked into a plethora of knobs
these look pretty decorative these are
cool babe I like this one
look what I found you guys drunk
fighting octopus lots of them they
seriously look drunk
look at them
well we didn't buy any knobs but got an
exciting doorstop how about that oh the
exciting things that you buy at Home
Depot was something like doggie
inception right there we're watching
karma watch karma watch Karma I wonder
if we can do it on today's vlog I'm
going to watch it I can ask me like give
me a comment give me the boy do it every
day be like an infinity of karma
watching Karma's going Li huh huh so
funny
Brian is currently tug of war with karma
and it here karma actually pulled him
off the couch
oh my god he's like no keep going and
karma goes flying oh my gosh oh yeah
me and Brian are on a walk right now and
we're having we're having difficult
decision do we either walk downhill
first or uphill first either way we're
walking uphill oh we found having her
you found a shopping cart on the side of
the road definitely in karma needs to go
in it how it is I can't even see what
store it's been from come on get in
there come on look he's like uh-huh
come on boy come on me get in first
she's totally bring it out Meggie
yourself heavy I used to do this when
you're a puppy not cool right now oh my
gosh let's go
so we're just giving our dog a walk all
righty
he needs his exercise okay we're just
trying to get him out of the house and
get us exercise huh boy huh boy why I'm
dressed people really think that was bum
we're gonna think we're bums we totally
just solved the hole pulling on the
leash thing with karma basically you
just put him in a shotgun
hey Bryan is now putting a door stopper
on our door we used to have one but it
kind of broken with yes now like it's a
pretty heavy door and so sometimes like
especially we're doing the laundry we
want to keep it open but it's like pin
the bottom summertime but Bryan gets to
be all handy again is this supposed to
be straight when it's down I don't know
actually
ball still moves that really sucks here
try and pull it so it will like because
sometimes doing that will make it stop
yeah yeah it's probably good yay it's
dead nd handyman Brian hi MA hello oh
hey look
did you see in it with us you guys are
gonna be on uh okay guess what everyone
ah no you guys are watching here then
you're watching here and watch there and
then it's gonna be like your brains
gonna hide in themselves as you're
watching this tomorrow down so that oh
my god
comets are going cray cray you guys
Nebraska Oh Missy what are you drinking
I am
