he's eating it yeah he eats it just like
that
you think he'll eat corn on the cob the
same way you know so far okay look at
how stinking QPS oh we were going to me
what what I did did you really I did
hey everyone Brian while a fee I was
waiting for it to focus okay hey
everyone oh wait there's hair on oh I
saw him Chrissy shush hey everyone
so I am at the office today but I'm all
alone and bored but it is nice because I
get to FaceTime Brian so he gets to
entertain me look say hi to yourself hi
self hi Brian
yeah but that's them and like the other
camera gotcha he's my entertainment for
right now cuz I get lonely okay boy I'm
like how you last saw me I am actually
out of bed now I finally last night
caught up on all of my sleep
if you don't know like the past four
days I've literally been getting less
than five hours of sleep at night so I
really needed some sleep now I'm up and
I'm just making the bed still don't like
that thing on the bed
hi camera hi boy and actually I don't
know if he told you guys but now she's
sleeping with another pregnancy pillow
because I guess this one's not enough
but that one helps wedge under her belly
as well look at this massive pillows
there's one two three four five so
there's a lot that won't come off so I
haven't really told you guys about my
weight loss at all if you guys don't
know when I first started doing the vlog
I was actually trying to lose some
weight and I actually did I ended up
losing about 40 pounds my goal was to be
under 200 under 200 club but now
really happened and so for the past
couple weeks or a month or so I've
actually been just taking it a bit easy
but I got on the scale this morning and
I actually haven't gained any weight so
that's really good
so I'm almost under 200 pounds so I'm
thinking I'm actually going to start
getting a little bit more serious about
it and really love to be like 190 that
would be awesome and we're doing we have
our maternity photos planned for the end
of July so or is the end of June I think
it's Anna July no it's antigen is it
yeah
it's the end of June we have our
maternity photos planned for the energy
so I would love to like be maybe 15
pounds less than I am now on at that
point
I know Father's Day is coming up I don't
know if Lucy's planning on getting me
anything she's really bad at buying me
presents or gifts or surprises or
anything but I'd really love one of
those new Fitbit flexes and it's like a
wristband and I've been looking at all
of all the different kinds like the
jawbone up and the one and the Flex and
I think the Flex is probably the best
one and I would love to have that just
to track my sleep in my fitness she's
really hard buying like bigger purchases
like that I mean it's only a hundred
bucks but to her that's like huge but um
let me know if you guys have any if you
guys have a fitness tracker if you use
like a jawbone up or if it fit flex or
one or something let me know in the
comments how that experience has been if
you have a Flex please tell me about it
because that's the one I really really
want that wouldn't almost like almost
like jumpstart me or like give me a
little bit more motivation that I'm
needing right now so i just got off and
actually just pulled up McBrine supposed
to be out here I called was like I'm
turning on the street get outside and
he's still not out here Missy is totally
blown away at everyone's kindness Dolan
here no one wants to let her out driving
in California sucks sometimes because
people are just downright rude oh Idaho
plate just go just go if all these
people knew how much of a jerk they were
looking on our vlog right now they let
you in know is that your uncle no okay
go go go go go go go go go that was
she did it ladies and gentlemen okay oh
so we're just grabbing some food at
Walmart and literally everything I put
in the cart misses like heartburn
heartburn heartburn heartburn heartburn
that's all she sees now so I wanted to
update you guys on my mom she had a
super important doctor's appointment
today it was with a spinal surgeon so
they could discuss like really you know
in depth you know what they need to do
and or in order to like fix the issue
and obviously surgery is not something
that we want but if it's going to fix
the issue we're going to need to do it
but in the end they actually are
choosing to go with an epidural right
now and I don't it's not like a epidural
that you would do like if you were
hungry in labor have a baby it's
actually just a late cortisone I'm so
funny though she's like if I'm getting
an epidural I should be leaving with a
baby yeah she's like I better get a baby
for this I was like mom a couple more
months okay big the
she can't see she's gonna have a lot of
fun with the baby Herman often gets
trapped in the bathroom huh he likes to
go in the bathroom and he shuts the door
with his paws but then he's like oh crap
I have to go out and do stuff and like
I'll be calling him and he'll start
banging on the door I'm in here it's
really funny I think Brian show you his
band-aid yesterday but he so that's like
where one of the ticks were and it was
like yeah it was a golf swollen on the
top of his head and not like swollen I
was more like it was called like a scab
it was really big so I put some
Neosporin on it and then they put a
bandaid on it let's see how I did come
here
we gotta rip it off like a band-aid kay
boy I like all that hair let's see let's
see if it's all better Wow
where you going oh he's afraid of the
sounds in here he just left
oh yeah that's all better oh no wait
there's a little there's a little bump
it is better okay
kill it okay yeah got it got it got it
I hope this is good yeah watermelon in
California is so good everything in
California is so good that's true that's
true by the way when we say California
we mean Southern California ee hillary
in northern california is like totally
different like there's actually talk
about doing two separate states and
calling it Northern California in
Southern California like stop codon
North Dakota panting whoa let's see it
seems pretty hard you just dig your face
into it come on let's have watermelon
eating contest I could probably just cut
it up no that's easier okay mmm good mmm
it's like a type of melon you know it's
like watery oh yeah okay there we go
okay Karma's gonna have some wine on you
like a lot aroma yes like yes please
he's eating it yeah he eats it just like
that just like you think he'll eat corn
on like all the same
oh yeah this is seriously what he does
until it's white and then he doesn't eat
it hey that guy's good watermelon either
Billy's little teeth look thank you
I don't know easy chocolate but when I
do it's intense dark sea salt soir√©e no
these things are really good
tell me if you guys have ever had these
but it's basically like Ghirardelli
chocolate it's really hard to do at one
hand it's like it's dark chocolate and
it has little flecks of sea salt and
this one actually has almonds to it oh
you want try it cry please oh just give
her heartburn
like everything Brian is trying to peek
at this Brian what do you have to say to
them you're supposed to open it on
camera
I was looking you're not allowed to do
that I win all right this is from Kat I
especially love Karma he is so cute and
silly
oh yeah ah oh my gosh did that really
just happen oh my god teams have now
crossed to a tank-top romper which is
exactly like it looks like they're so
cute
this is dying yeah that's it how do they
do that they get monkeys and nautical
stuff together
no that's awesome Thank You Kat that's
so cool
misson did you see in this in here I
hung up the clothes and they stayed yay
so it feels just tell me if it feels
sturdier yeah but they didn't go into
the right place yeah they definitely
slipped down a little bit don't step on
my chips we got a package from Kelly and
Casey in Texas Carmen can you please
stop it's a big package cuz everything's
always bigger to me this looks cool okay
look at this fun that's good
on here Wow Crom Casey Kelly and Ava Oh
Husky I know she's gorgeous
wait we have another male viewer yes I
was just checking the stats and it's
like 90% women said choose so get your
husband's to watch us it even has a
little pop right there this one is to
Ollie but he's not here right now so I'm
gonna open it for it
I don't think we have this one look it's
like a shark yeah Wow
oh are you still waiting for commas like
there is something in there for me all
right we have a bib here that says ollie
oh my gosh that's so cool don't do this
it's so crazy
that's so cool you guys alright we've
got more more stuff for karma karma huh
we have a gift here for karma and I'm
actually gonna let him open it here you
go okay open your present boy ha I don't
know now
oh my god okay maybe we should have that
karma open it
okay maybe not sorry he didn't chew it
up or anything he just slobbered on it a
little okay boy no but he's got a new
bow tie
whoa oh my god this one Clips right on
to got three tides we actually have
these poopy Audi's a newborn three
months and is another three months but
you know what that really doesn't matter
because he's gonna dirty one and then he
didn't wear the same outfit but yeah
it'll be clean naked oh cool
swaddle blanket section wall that's off
there oh wow we have a hooded towel
awesome
yay thank you guys so much awesome thank
you Karma's gonna love his yeah Karma's
hey don't love the bow tie and the pack
rack packaging this taco relax
oh my god oh my gosh you mean I am I
really like the fun hi hi hi Brian saw
these crackers aren't he was like what
should I do with this and so this is
what came through his mind a cracker
peanut butter banana a little bit more
peanut butter chocolate it I'm just
trying to think of snack ideas cuz we're
trying to figure out what to do for
dinner and then you got all that from
crackers yeah well I know was he good
the chocolate complements the banana and
the peanut butter is like a smooth
almost like a glue that holds it all
together all into one nice gentle crunch
in Brian are picking up pizza for the
family that two pizzas yeah I put your
pieces in one box that is so tiny is it
a tiny box a medium pizza huh yeah well
I'm gonna put back in okay
it's really
it'll cook Oliver yeah oh I was like
cook all over what like I was telling
you earlier my mom got this epidural
shot that was supposed to like kind of
basically fix the pain for a couple of
weeks if not a couple months when she
got home she began to be in such
excruciating pain that she was like in
tears they actually ended up taking her
to the emergency room yeah I totally
hope it works because it's like super
sad seeing her in pain I know it wasn't
a son yeah she was just so sad my mom is
like the strongest person in our house
and so like if she's not doing good then
we're all like welcome something's
really bad
yeah well crap what are we gonna do we
are having pizza as jovis would say Pete
it's a partay Wednesday night Pete to
party Wednesday night I forget the rest
of the song but I know he did some song
about pizza right YUM it's square you
know I think that Square pizza
actually tastes better than round pizza
because I'm not Shea pissed so we got a
comment today from crystal v 100x Oh
oxo so we got a so we got a comment
today from crystal who said my wishes
for you guys today I'm silly together in
your next vlog smiley face you said it
would come true make it happen
oh there's the every single night that's
really like 16 ounces of milk mix we go
through at least a gallon every two days
if not yeah so Missy's mom is actually
home now and he did have some nerve
medicine and she took it and she's
feeling better definitely wanted to get
into the emergency room just to see if
it was something else
but I guess the wait was like eight
hours she said it was so full and there
was someone who was there who was like
planning of extreme abdominal pain who
had been there since 7:00 so for like
five hours yeah anyway um Missy's
macking on her milking cookies and I'm
gonna end the vlog just cuz it's been a
long night and I gotta get to bed and we
just actually finished last week's
episode of the office tomorrow is the
last day of the office comment below if
you guys have been watching since the
beginning but it's definitely like a sad
day you know what I mean almost it's not
as bad as friends but it's yeah it's
pretty close to friends and like
tomorrow is gonna be really cool cuz
we're gonna watch the series finale of
The Office and then it's over forever
that's like a huge part of our life
because it was like oh I remember us
sitting in our little couch in our
little house in like laying there and on
the couch is just yeah every time you
hear the song yeah it's like it holds
like God I'm like an important part of
our lives and so it's mom's gonna be sad
because it's ending but comment below if
you guys have been watching because I'm
really interested to see how big it is
and if you're still watching cuz I still
love all of them even after Michael left
but anyway thank you guys for watching
and we will shoot tomorrow goodbye
she's like shoving cookie in her mouth
wow that's so cute looking and I was one
of these all right auntie barons gonna
have to like throw B then you want to do
through it it's like so he's like this
is from an older piece and I would hate
to like drill
