where's the produce
we look at me yeah right each other's
battles in the photo second right
so far okay look at hell speaking to PS
oh we were going to me what you wanna
did did you really I did
here's your lunch my dear I love you how
did they at work okay all right don't
work too hard try get off early okay
okay oh can I have no I don't need
sunglasses you're good
hey guys so against what I am on my way
to work and you guys actually get to
join me I don't normally get the camera
because my way to work it's probably not
that interesting and Brian might have a
more interesting day I'm going to show
you some things that kind of happened on
my way to work like every day it's so
crazy it's like I don't know if you guys
have ever watched it but it's like The
Truman Show that's kind of what I think
of it so first off um I get to my top
light and here is my cross cross guard
he is like always here no matter what
he's here no matter what like rain
obviously doesn't snow but like no
matter how cold it is he's there every
single morning and then when I turned
the corner
there is usually this lady who is
jogging and you'll see her coming up
right here
and a few of them I actually named I
I'll name them if I feel like they are
worthy enough of a name I don't know but
I'll show you a couple boy Jared and
Rochelle are packing up look at the
space like there's two guitars right
there and Rashad us to sit there and
they're like it's really like a puzzle
right yeah yeah this is Jeremy and he
totally drove them all the way from
Idaho and he's driving them back which I
totally appreciate so thank you cuz we
had a blast but look at this this is
seriously like a puzzle you got you know
you realize you have this right it's
like a Tetris yes I to me it's like The
Truman Show and there's a few more of
them and literally depending on if I
leave like a few minutes early or
communits late will determine whether or
not they're there it's like everyone has
their certain routines in the morning
and I have like become accustomed to
their routine because when I when I see
them I'm like oh good they're there but
if they weren't there it would be like
okay wait a second what's what's wrong
today what's going on and then you've
got like certain joggers who I see every
morning and like a day they are then
there's these two chocolate labs that go
and walk every single morning like no
matter what and although if you heard of
The Truman Show because that's kind of
like what I think of it as Ben C Max and
Darlene this morning because I left a
little bit early actually so that's kind
of sad but I will get to show you guys
one of these days because now I have a
camera and I can show you those things
all right guys the time has come and
Jared and Rochelle are leaving and
they're super sad
so everyone say goodbye to them in the
comments and tell them to come back soon
cuz they're amazing and Jamie and Jamie
yeah I know
no well here's the thing in the movie
like I have to act I'm great at acting
angry and sad but I'm not good at acting
like
lady flirty like it was awkward I'm glad
you know it was all at one point he was
a little bit of a creeper you guys
should move that I had a hoe don't tell
me see I said no we have the beach
here's my beach we win
that's like told me I don't we mostly
just miss old Chicago yeah really yeah I
downtown Boise Oh Chicago is the best
I'll go have a sigh sway yeah okay
they're leaving you guys bye oh I'm sad
they're finally gone karma you miss them
already huh yeah yeah he does I can't
wait to see like all the hard work that
we did like actually like go into
something so when I finish those
projects it's actually going to be
insane but I got up early to just like
see them out and we've been up for a
while so now it's time for a nap okay
I'm gonna take a nap you guys okay Bryan
has me looking for a monkey tail oh my
God look at this is so cool hey Missy I
was literally going to the trash can and
I don't what the heck is that the
scratchy or song it's kinda scary it's
kind of soft too Oh weird look at that
monkey tail yeah it even Wiley it's so
cool okay so we just got to Starbucks
and they like annihilated Cassie's name
let's see it
I think I felt those I do oh that's true
say her name
yeah of course I'll never spoke mine
right they always spell it with an eye a
lot of you commenters to also and a lot
of people don't know that her name is
Maxine CAS IV so even people think her
name is Cassidy or Kathy how's it good
that good it really is it looks like you
know honest yet so she basically got
milk with caramel that's what that is
right
is it good well you start Starbucks I
just got my regular chocolate
Frappuccino right so no coffee no
comeback just window copy anyways um and
Bryan where'd you get a chai tea iced
chai with toffee nut I mean that's like
my charcoal let's go in the feeling but
now we are headed to target Cassie needs
to buy her friend a present for her
birthday so we're going to do that and
we picked up a package and I can't wait
to open it I kind of think I know what
it is because someone told me that
they're sending a gift and I really
can't wait to open it
I'm really excited Jared and Rochelle
are gone yeah they're officially on
their way back to Idaho so Theresa
murari actually commented on today's
vlog and said that Jared and Rochelle
should comment in Aybar should vlog in
Idaho where anything
and I don't know if they would totally
be up for that but they do have their
own YouTube channel and you can check it
out in the description below because I'm
working on
obviously we shot a ton of stuff that's
going to be going up on it and you guys
will see it there first so definitely
like their YouTube channel in the
description it's just youtube.com slash
Nell sent the help but I actually did a
full rough cut of the music video I
can't believe that I finished it like
it's really cool yeah
and so now everything like every little
detail has to be done but least like one
of the biggest parts is over so know
it's round we're trying to find a
rutabaga it's apparently that's the size
of a baby and Missy's craving fruit so
we're in the fruit place it's a rutabaga
and it's like pink on top and white on
the bottom it's weird-looking
13 to 14 inches I don't know yeah how
that is even close to being 13 inches
whoever wrote that is tripping that's
ginger smell it smell it smell it it
looks like a big piece of poop where's
the produce
Yeah right on each other's battles in
the photo second right
he's actually doing it
do you understand this Missy maybe they
do the Mike and Ike thing why is Mike
and I got in a fight and now they don't
is that really true guys yeah it says it
like right here anyway too much on his
music he needs to focus on making our
great candy like me Mike then on
facebook.com okay I think Mike and I
took that way too far Oh Anna oh wait a
minute wait Tyra has an Ike's name on
this package but he's paying way too
much time on graffiti art that's really
funny fighting yeah obviously I ain't
gonna make it along I'm gonna see it all
in here oh yeah okay you just left
Albertsons and I had no idea that you
can actually fill out this little slip
that it's like you're want to request a
special item in the store that they
carry it that you can do that I got
really excited because that is where I
purchased my say fakes and they haven't
been carrying I'm all of a sudden I've
been like really freaking out about it
he was like wait are you the one that
called a few weeks ago about this and I
was like yes he's like whoa how many
like do you want look I'm a pregnant
lady that needs to fulfill my craving it
was just so funny the way he said it
he's like oh yeah that was you call like
okay this is what I've been waiting for
so we got a package and I'm gonna open
it all right so it's definitely cloth
diapers bum genius newborn oh my gosh
they're so cute fun genius one size so
cool like two scones and Bend another
bun genius one size in who else we got
caught by her detergent sample okay so
these are from Karina and I got our name
because she had actually let me know
that she sent me some cloth diapers on
Instagram this is what she got us three
cloth diapers they're fun genius which
are amazing they're adorable so thank
you so so much look Brian that's so cool
yeah coolness you wanted more bum jr. no
those are really awesome so thank you so
much all right guys so I got a little
fatherly tasks
I'm doing for the armoire I'm gonna put
these little things up on the sides so
that we can put our little dowels up and
actually start hanging out some clothes
because we got some baby hangers at
Target Missy really want to start
hanging clothes because we need to we
need to get prepared I'm gonna put that
up there I'm gonna glue those in and
we'll see what happens okay so I used
this clear seal liquid nail stuff and I
got the little things up there hopefully
they're not only straight but they stay
we'll just wait a little bit and then
I'll have miss you put the dowels on and
see if they work I've noticed my see
that you've been cooking a lot more do
you feel like you like to cook more
we're having tacos tonight Missy was
actually craving tacos which is really
weird cuz she hates tacos she's always
mad when we have tacos look at that mmmm
mmm
you can never sit down won't you take
your first bite mm-hmm
I sure like up the we are actually
headed to see Iron Man 3
Missy stayed at home tonight so us guys
can see Iron Man 3 just came out dope
brian is off to movie theater with um my
dad and my brother they're gonna go see
transfer wait is it not 24 I heard a man
3 and I didn't really want to watch that
but but he actually before I left he put
up my little uh whatever they're called
and so now I can put the hanger things
in here I'm just gonna make up all kinds
of words and so these things go like
this wait hang on these are like this oh
great
okay there we go oh wow that's not
definitely crooked we have a problem
um so maybe Brian will need to fix this
before I can do anything use glue so
maybe that wasn't the best idea now I'm
gonna get to hang up all my clothes
which I'm really excited about oh gosh
ooh scary
I will be washing everything but I just
want to get everything up and see what I
have and then once it's time I'll
probably start washing everything but so
I get to organize his clothes he's
stalking Lilia you guys don't really see
Lily a lot but this Lily she is our cat
that just kind of walked around the
house doesn't have much of a personality
karma and her do not get along so when
he sees Lily get so mad yeah so
hopefully this isn't ruined but it's not
like glue because even he put him on
here they were up here and he just kind
of slowly slipped down maybe I could
hang some of his clothes days down here
oh my gosh it's so cute wow that's so
cute looking there's all his onesies
omean all right I don't know what the
problem is obviously Brian's gonna have
to like just drill these in he wanted to
do glue because it was like the least
like this is kind of an older piece and
I would hate to like drill something in
here
I like possibly have a fall apart I
think this is or it says liquid nails
but I don't think it's what he should
use so that's kind of a bummer really
when to hang his clothes and that was so
cute right like we got to see it for
like a couple seconds now they're back
in the hair I just love seeing is closed
clothes hanging though it's just so cute
that's a bummer when Brian gets home
maybe you can work on that we'll see you
guys are about to experience my favorite
part of the night milk and cookies this
milk I probably have had milk every
single night since I got pregnant it
really helps with my heartburn which not
to mention I got a lot of suggestions on
my heartburn and honestly like I said I
don't I'm not gonna take any kind of
tums and I really can't put anything
into I got like I only way to describe
it is I would never even put like a
cough drop in my mouth like that's how
gross it is there's nothing that would
that if I have to taste it I can't do I
don't feel comfortable taking a pill
until it's like really that bad if it's
that bad that like
I'm losing sleep or I can't breathe or
something then I guess I would probably
go for it but yeah it's it's not bad
enough it's pretty bad right now but
it's not bad enough that I'm going to
probably take anything this is my cure
right now
Oh Sheba's friend like me just got back
from Ironman and it was really good I
never watched the second one so I guess
I'm not like an Ironman fanatic but it's
pretty good it'll be interesting to see
what happens in Avengers to it because I
did watch that there snack on some
guacamole Carmen's got a little booboo
what happened Carmen you want to tell
him what happened
I don't even know I have a message said
he had a boo-boo on top of his head I
keep saying boo-boo I don't know why
good practice for when we have a baby
so Kamali is so good oh I keep getting
sidetracked it's what I love it
make-a-wish you guys make a wish and
leave it in the comments below it'll
come true if you tell me in honor of
11:11 so missus put some Neosporin on it
and then put a little panda hunt sakura
boop are you tasting your ball you're
chasing a squirrel weren't you we at the
part where you get in your leash you're
playing with your ball Missy is asleep
and I'm not a bit of a tip well actually
I cook food dishes fun loose you
tomorrow maybe I'll give you a little
teaser of the music video that I'm
putting together for Nelson at the helm
tomorrow I'm gonna ask for permission
for so alright I'm good guys bye oh no
Rochelle got pooed on I'm just saying
that hey you wanna you want to member
this okay it's really not that how did
that happen
you know what the bird flew over us and
I was like it better not poop on me that
was the bird and he's operating it oh
wait
