hey guys guess what I'm gonna get naked
I'm gonna get naked you guys right here
in this aisle okay
oh yeah
having a boy named good morning everyone
so this morning Brian is taking me to
work I don't like when he takes me to
work because he always goes way too slow
getting up and getting ready I'm like an
hour before getting up getting ready
kind of person he's a fifteen minutes
he'll get ready and be out the door
hopefully we'll see and I don't like to
be late I'm very very worried about when
we leave it has to be like I'm not I
have a schedule and I always say like oh
I'm running late but really I'm just
like behind on my own personal schedule
I've never I don't think I'm ever late
to work so I'm gonna try to wake him up
he's kind of gang it up okay supposedly
he's gonna get up he said that like an
hour ago it is 8:30 and we have to leave
in ten minutes and look who's still mom
up hi he really will be up and ready by
the time it's time to leave it just
stresses me out I'm like ready and I
have been for a while and he's still in
bed I guess that's just how guys work so
I just dropped
Missy off at her work and actually fixed
her monitor and was able to get all our
computer stuff working so it's always a
plus
that I can be her like 24/7 tech support
guy and I'm just running home I gotta
get the vlog up and then I am gonna go
shoot hey guys so I actually just got
done finished filming but I'm down here
and I saw these the same sort of flowers
that we saw when we were by that where
was that
there's a couple of vlogs ago we saw
this tree and they smelled amazing but
they're covered in bees and look at I
know if you can see all the bees but
there's like dozens flying around and
it's these they smell amazing smells
like bubblegum this whole like hallway
here it's just like filled with it it's
like amazing I wish I could like pick
some and take it to Missy but I'd get
stung the crap out of tacos Missy's
gonna kill me she's been craving
Miguel's burritos for like a week now
why would I go to hot dog on his day I'm
sorry I was starving okay
oh you okay I love you bye so this is
the little design that we put on the
chalkboard we're about to send to
Christine or Carter and Piper's mama
um she won our giveaway last week for
the chalkboard and so we're gonna send
that today hey guys so we are back at
the mall to pretty go to Apple Store and
try and fix our phones but of course I'm
craving something that's all gonna stick
really
I've denied myself like three days
I can't stand it any longer I knew the
hump stick guys look at look at it
I have to explain that my friend John
hates it when you say to look at
because the correct phrasing is look at
it and he's always getting on my case
this is like you always say look at in
the blogs sorry look at it I am now at a
thousand followers on Instagram that's
awesome and I'm now I used to have less
followers and I did photos but now
they're getting close to each other
Missy is avoiding the shady part of the
street and walking in the Sun and say it
is really nice out though nice but it's
kind of chilly in the shade
so we are headed to the Apple Store
which is my favorite place in the whole
wide world but we're going because our
iPhones are kind of on the fritz
so gonna see if they can do anything to
help us out the last time I had a
problem with my button they just replace
it right away
like whether refurbished one and I was
totally fine with that and Missy's just
like eating battery how's your battery
doing today actually pretty good are you
serious the one day we're about to take
it in it's doing good well it's 59% but
it's still like have you been using it
normally
that's what happens like when you go to
the doctor because something's wrong and
then you go there and you're like oh
well I'm actually feeling fine right now
that's what's happening right now so
they're getting me a new phone so I have
to say goodbye say goodbye to my iPhone
another one I know like still took this
is like the first iPhone 5 I had now
it's coming it's gonna go away I wonder
what they do with everything I do it
though
no they're not no they're not I hope you
have a good life without me
we found a cool new app is it kind of
like a crossword or spelling up it's
just like you make words and then as you
make them the letters go like come down
so it's like Tetris crosswords yeah
basically I'm just waiting for my phone
to update settings it said one minute oh
there goes it's going
rap oh yeah what about aunt
real good job I'm awesome at this game
dad are you gonna do any where am I just
gonna do them all oh wait look at this
vine all was that a real word
you like some how good I spell all times
I'm like a pro at this game I don't
never even played yay my phone is back
to normal and oh my god I'm getting a
million things did you see all that too
much going on
don't look at my password fresh Apple
cord do you know Apple products smell
really good when you first open up smell
it sorry no let me smell it let me smell
it yeah it smells like new smells like
new Apple ah charging juice juice it up
do you remember when you were obsessed
with coupons for like a week and then it
faded away it's really hard yeah
do you remember when you like used to so
for like a week I just when would I have
time yeah tell me can I go sit at home
and like not and so for like ever
there any good coupons on there going oh
we literally just ended up in the corner
of the store
you guys are distracting us Missy
guess how many calories in one cinnamon
roll with icing
more
more more more 300 in one little
cinnamon roll I just found these like
smoothie in a bag that's so cool so it's
chocolate banana it makes two smoothies
you just throw it all in there and it
makes a Chinaman a smoothie I cotton
isn't rolling in front of the ice cream
but I mean look at all this good stuff
we bought so the mrs. fields no way I
don't know wait hang on what this is
waffle cone yeah big Hawk chocolate chip
waffle cone hey guys guess what I'm
gonna get naked I'm gonna get naked you
guys right here in this aisle hey Missy
I'm gonna get naked right here in the
parking lot okay good hey Missy I'm
gonna get naked right here in the car
ain't good so I've had green smoothies
before and this is a really weird
aftertaste right and I could not put my
thumb on it and then I looked at the
ingredients and there's actually garlic
do you see that odorless garlic I can
totally taste it and it's but it's not
on here on the boost thing oh it is it
does say garlic yeah you can take I can
taste it look the aftertaste is funky
you're gonna drink it
probably
it looks weird tastes amazing
well it looks weird it kind of tastes
weird but it's I I guess so now we're
good to Walmart she's we have way too
many things to do today
I really such because yesterday was so
amazing and now we like have to run
around for like paying for it I really
like that nap was so nice yeah it's like
so good and I could have slept for
another 20 hours this morning yeah it's
so good just you know Missy if you make
me go through the bikini section I make
you go through the technology section
yes O'Brien the other day ordered this
really cool Beach sign um on eBay and he
actually got it for free because he had
eBay bucks so we expected like this
really cool okay yeah when I ordered it
it looked like a big sign like a like a
large beach sign and so then we get it
in the mail and it's how big it is but
it's so cute look at it with the little
station I was actually worried when I
got it thought it would be too big yeah
I was - I was kind of thinking where is
it gonna go but yeah it looks so cute
sighs tell me if this happens to you
guys
I've had these little Nutella to go
things because I if I get like a big
thing in atella I never eat the whole
thing
and it just I feel like it goes away so
I just always grab a couple of these
because they're easy and they have like
little pretzels in them but I always I
run out of pretzels and I have like a
ton of Nutella left and I'm done to dip
it in I can't eat it
some people eat it by the spoonful I
can't do that I think it's weird you got
to eat it on something
yeah people eat it on toast do not like
it on toast I don't like on toast I
don't like it on pancakes I don't like
it
like on its own I only like it on
pretzels yeah hey what are you doing
what do you want what do you want did
you how did that get there did you put
that there
good catch but one is never enough once
you start you gotta keep going
oh I am just cooking up some peppers for
dinner and I got a little caramel
watching me hi boy if you guys didn't
know karma actually
loves peppers humph I said no no said
he's like roll over in the kitchen dad
would drop all you knocked it out of my
hand and wonder if they'll eat a red one
these ones I think are a little spicier
sit high five pound it yeah like a true
thug is like a belly party up in here
huh come on ball whoo I feel him oh wow
he's moving a lot right now where are
you feeling
you are you feeling that hey bang hmm
Nina Nina go go well I guess I'm done
thanks Nina I just came up with a new
thing that I actually like Nutella on
karma really wants it but I just feel
that QT and I was like oh I have some
left remember so I put it on my orange
and really god it's so good it's so good
all right guys it's bedtime so we're
going to bed thank you for watching we
will see you in tomorrow's vlog remember
that the RSVP for the livestream is in
the description below it's for the
Facebook page so you can go on there and
let us know if you're coming or not
we're going to be doing some cool stuff
Missy actually was throwing around some
ideas also maybe like friends trivia so
go ahead and do that so we know that you
guys are coming because that would be
awesome just to know you know like what
we can expect and basically how big to
go tomorrow I think we're going to the
trampoline park and I'm gonna jump so
that should be really fine thank guys
for watching I'll see you tomorrow
who's
so we just got out of Best Buy
we rearranged Lucy computer when we gave
her like a new monitor in her office
we had to get her a new adapter but I
found the case that I want for my phone
and it's actually really funny because
we're big Modern Family fans and every
time I see Bill the dad's iPhone case
