we just walk out and they're there Jared
you should try and catch one
oh my gosh there's actually gotta get
big effects you know so far
okay look at how stinking QCs your
poster there you go
oh we were going to me what god I did
did you really I did
his mother's day for us um it was
Mother's Day for you guys yesterday so I
hope you guys all had a really awesome
Mother's Day but we're just waking up
and we eat some breakfast and gave some
presents from Missy's mom and Missy's
covering her eyes cuz I'm about to give
her my present keep your eyes closed
babe oh yeah I mean obviously we we just
woke up so she just wants to clarify
that she just woke up happy Mother's Day
a camera oh my gosh it's the pink one
wow that's really cool so now you have
your own vlogging camera bit that's so
fun
feels really nice to know I can't
believe you actually got me one I didn't
think you would do it because I don't
really take care of it's all ready to go
I'm just really calming me oh so I
survived
oh yeah hey I'm volumed my new camera
this is so cool I don't really want to
look at at me that's so funny
so I can just keep it at you so now
Missy has a vlogging camera and I have a
wagon camera and so where she's vlogging
and I'm vlogging and it's like a
vlogging vortex matrix thing going on
where flying wah
do you like it though yeah it's pink and
cute cool thank you
let's kiss yeah we got that from every
angle evil a joke because I love folk
music and Jared make fun of me a lot and
so I came out and he was like yeah I was
trying to write a song that you would
like came up with a formula for how to
get over song so formula for folk song
right here guys we're getting ready to
go filming and as we're waiting that
thought I'd tune my guitar make sure my
phone was charged which is not the
anyway I was like oh
nice around this rhythm and I'm like
Gaius told it hope you rhythm and I'm
like oh I should try to write one of
those songs on my wife likes dated like
basically have like a Bob Dylan various
and then you go playing really high woke
up this morning me not on the road
now I flat ass and so then go through
the boney very kind of like that was
what I was doing but that's fine
Rachelle's eating us up right i
apparently like this box canned
formulaic song okay you guys have
coloring contest at your shows oh my
gosh something did you ja did you do
this
yeah J made you this together this is so
funny the last place that we played they
were so cool they gave free drinks to
the winners every way oh that's so cool
please see you hand these out as you
guys are playing in people just cut
these are all the ones that people have
colored that crayons and then people
color what's so cool here it is over
this Beckwith you did this one ooh look
at that sunset sunrise this one is Jody
marine fisheries sue is an awesome
musician and is actually releasing a
single really soon Nelson at the helm
and jodimarie that's so funny
hey guys so we're actually in oside and
i'm with nelson ethanol and but I guess
I hang out with celebrities it's just
how we do she's gonna do some shooting
here but look it's like foggy I don't I
can tell but it's totally not sunny and
we had like a lot plan to do here today
so all you have to make a second trip
but we're gonna make the most of what we
got here
I think always trying to say happy
Mother's Day because look at this he's
just jumping all around today
whoo getting out free hugs over here
yeah we're gonna go shoot a video ended
up here if you want to watch so we're
going to actually going to shoot the
acoustic version of their song hey girl
in the middle of a beer so I'm kind of
freaking out they're very confident
about it so just hoping that we don't
get kicked out right guys O'Brien is off
to the beach with Jared Rochelle I
decided to stay home just because I felt
like I'm really pregnant right now and I
don't really want to be like walking in
the hot and get being uncomfortable and
probably just sitting alone at some
place at some point so and also it's
Mother's Day so I thought I could just
relax and even hang out with my mom
since it is Mother's Day for her we are
just going to relax and it's going to be
a hot one today probably now I'm
starving so I'm actually killing myself
for potatoes and I'm gonna boil and make
mashed potatoes for myself and I'm
seriously so excited on my new camera
like seriously it's so cute and I get to
look at pink it's just adorable and I'm
really excited that I have like my own
like a personal camera for myself Brian
has lots of cameras so this is like mine
now so I'm really excited about it
we're actually all set up now we are in
the middle of here and we're filming are
you guys ready pink and I $5 water
five bucks the huge bottle it is glass
and you're saving the environment I'm
really hoping we don't get kicked out
you guys I know
well that's very I did it see I can make
food and bake and cook honk arm now you
want some too huh feel perfect - no loss
no lumps at all
so pretty out here they're just in some
practice and we've already gone through
a couple run-through and everyone's
really digging it so
we are getting tacos from this little
taco place carrots doing what he does
best talk about people what she can
picture it to make me see how big it is
oh yeah okay look how big this burrito
is you guys this is half of it
bTW I can't believe I actually ate half
that it was literally like out to there
yeah wait Jerrod where did your burrito
go did you seriously that huge look how
little he is you guys and he ate twice
that table equally yeah Murrell like
what you like wait I was like don't like
wild animals they're not even for one
that's what I did I just woke up from
like an amazing nap I really needed it I
don't get to not very often but I think
Brian's gonna be home any minute and
then we've got do stuff so I haven't got
ready I haven't done anything today
except for eat and nap is he got a new
pair of flip-flops for Mother's Day from
her mom and they're like squishy like
stepping on air is that memory foam I
think so we're like a gel pad it's not
look at this I know look really comfy do
you like him yeah they don't really go
with my outfit but I kind of don't care
something
not very hard all the times we just got
a church and there's a couple bunnies
here see them not so cool we just walk
out and they're there Jared you should
try and catch one oh my gosh there's
actually gotta get one big giant corner
it oh my gosh hey get it get it get it
oh whoa
there's like a ton more right here this
one oh my god what is he doing what the
heck is each wrong oh my gosh there it
is go get it
ah you guys if we ever were on a
deserted island and we had to catch our
own food to survive him how would we do
it well we went to have Jared do it
that's for sure
but attempted catching bunny we would
have to be vegetarian yes the church has
a big rabbit fella I know what at least
ten yeah oh I know that's it Louis I
better look boy their problem they're so
cute
yeah I mean they're not eating our
vegetables or anything well that'd be a
good food supply oh it's a good thing
you just came out that's me you would
have been soaked bro that's Willa oh my
god in that crazy yeah we just finished
eating a PF Changs and Missi opened her
fortune and this is what it says a small
lucky package is on its way to you soon
it's right here what it oh I get it
you didn't get any that's so cool there
you go
keep your gonna up you overcompensate
your ever company what's out what those
you like cut my face off that's so cool
tryin to try and go like in a circle
whoa whoa Oh too much come this way
forward for probably are you guys
backwards are you goofy oh oh dude you
got all the little fake people trapped
in this cavern what they go back they
come this way
Oh like I'm like come this way yeah
video game bad because their trip got
cut a little short so tomorrow's their
last day and they're either leaving
tomorrow night or Tuesday morning pillar
trip got cut a little short and we just
haven't even had time to just like relax
enough to worry about doing anything and
like hang out just kind of a bummer but
we're getting a lot of stuff done which
was the main goal of their trip how cool
is it now that Missy has her own
vlogging camera I think it's so cool
babe don't you yeah I love it when I can
give this camera to Missy and she can
like I can see her day because I know a
lot of the vlogs is usually me because
usually she's working and I'm the one
who's doing things so I take the camera
but now that she has a camera you'll get
to see like everything she'll like share
her every thought with you guys
her career probably mostly see a lot of
karma camera boy and belly
lots of belly shots yeah I like Emma oh
no double volume both sides of car
marketing a karma from all sides all
sides
whoa which camera is better there's
Missy's and here's my okay that's not I
guess it are at the point at me because
you're pointing at me but that's not
fair because Missy has dropped this
camera like a dozen times it's all beat
up like the little things take forever
and the like it's falling its falling
apart Missy you know what I want when I
was looking at yours
I saw a lime-green one oh really it was
perfect and Daddy's Day is coming up so
anyway oh and I didn't want to say we
did have that other camera that the
subscribers subscribers sent me but I
was actually already planning to buy
Missy a camera and I had actually
already stashed some money away for it
so when I got that I was like oh that's
cool but I don't always I was already
gonna buy you one you know because we
kept joking I was like I want to get you
like a bright pink one and then yeah and
then uh the subscribers had his camera
and I was like oh that's so cool which
is still cool because we have this
camera yeah we have this camera back up
and then we have a backup so yeah really
cool yeah yeah I just think this is so
cool especially because it's Mother's
Day really cool fortune that we got
today if you guys enjoyed the vlog
tomorrow we're filming again at the
beach I'm miss Scott we're but she's
going to take you guys with her
and I'm gonna take you guys with me and
then we're gonna meet together and it's
gonna be like this crazy awesome
vlogging extremely I did want to say
that we've been going through comments
on the mother ship video and we're just
like yeah so blown away I actually
instagrammed one so if you don't follow
me on Instagram go below and check it
out there are so many that were just
like so touching yeah a really cool so
really stoked for the response on that
you guys are so amazing and so cool the
stories that we're hearing about it so
anyway think I scratching I will see you
tomorrow bye bye and actually show it on
here I know but I just don't really look
that good bye what'd you get I may have
exaggerated about the size but look at
this I mean that's pretty that's pretty
big strawberry
the guys love hmm I hello hi okay but
seriously King you can smell them just
standing right here they smell amazing
right we'll try it tell anything is it
better than an idol one did you pick
this yourself
