whenever I edit mrs. bump dates I think
I always have like a little too much fun
Crotched racha racha crotches people
okay big effects you know so far
okay look at how DP shoot years younger
oh we were going to me what what I did
did you really I did good morning guys
so this morning I'm supposed to go out
and film but actually as I was walking
out the door I got a text message that
said the event had been canceled and I
was like sweet more sleep
so I got more sleep and Missy's actually
making breakfast she meets stuffed
french toast look at this guy's it has
jelly and cream cheese in it and it's so
good you've never made this before babe
googled it sir she's so done karma
you're so cute
I put him there like 15 minutes ago he's
still sitting there I think he kind of
likes it still there he did it he seemed
like what like another good 15 minutes
yeah does he wanna wanted him to be in
the bum tape so we did a little
something yeah but she's like my mom's
put some peanut butter on my belly and
have him like her
take his little all her kisses huh so
he's dead karma in the closet while we
filmed our bump day and he just really
doesn't know how to get out of here come
on boy you can get out how do I get out
of here mom if you push this open it
actually will make it so you have room
it's kind of nice huh hopefully Brian
will have those out me have that video
out today but we will see no later than
tomorrow for sure
well thanks Bailey's here say hi baby
I hear she's in a bad mood right now
baby are you happy or mad oh that looks
happy I don't want to fool you baby huh
really
Oh Cassie did you really do that is she
talking bad about you
I think she's me I can't get on the
couch uh-uh I'm trying to help her but
then she's anger that trying to help her
oh she's like really wants on the couch
yeah looks like she wants the cell phone
too that was your
I guess Cassie right she wasn't really
not happy
gummy big and high hi Cassie told if she
can pass that gate around a mac please
good pound from the ground all right so
I am headed to a doctor's appointment
with my mom she um her backs just been
really hurting her for a long time
actually she has a say I could never
been it's that's been pinching and it's
been really bad so I'm taking her to the
doctor right now I am actually I finally
am like all dressed like completely but
yeah it's pretty relieved I didn't have
to shoot this morning cuz I had gotten
like three hours of sleep and I was up
all night doing stuff but um but it was
a slow start for me this morning yeah
Missy let me sleep a little bit more
which is awesome but finally like I'm
perky my eyes are open I'm just headed
to the post office and I'm gonna grab
some lunch and then probably go work on
Missy's bump day later oh and you guys
didn't see that but they're like three
birds that just flew in from the car and
I nearly hit them but it did so that's
good so we just got the coolest card
from Andrea and she just had the nicest
things to say and that was so cool but
she included a picture that her
ten-year-old Annabelle actually drew
because she loves karma look at this you
guys look at Karma this little bowtie
and then he says this is my brother
Oliver and so there's a few predictions
being made here says Oliver's gonna have
brown hair and green eyes and a blue
mouth that was lucky like it's carving
Oliver oh my gosh I can't wait to show
me see this she's gonna love that so
thank you Andrew yeah that was that was
really really cool to open up today and
she is an awesome picture of all her
little ones this was from England karma
on everything really I first comment on
your blog cloth diaper huh
go and have watched you every day ever
since I decided that I wanted to get a
little something for baby Ollie oh my
gosh they look like toms no way yeah huh
oh my gosh this is so cute that's so
cool
look at you're actually wearing Tom's
today thank you that's so cool look they
have little fishies on him oh my gosh
she seriously did it perfectly like this
is from Charlie from the UK so wow that
was like the perfect gift I love these
okay so we've act well I've been waiting
for it so these are from hailey she sent
us a package a couple weeks ago I
believe she said we did really well
doing the Scottish phrases which we did
in the blog and she wanted to send us
some Scottish homemade tablet in macaron
Suites
oh they're here let me see them oh my
gosh so these are like actual Scottish
treats yeah oh my god sounds amazing
this is from Scotland that is so cool in
this this is Scott Scottish candy right
here babe so those are the macaroons and
then these are what is called homemade
tablet they got all beat up in packaging
but they still look good sugar butter
milk
okay yummy sweet little treat yeah so
these actually aren't that bad they kind
of taste like um like a sweet milk and
it's got sort of like the same texture
as like um good chocolate like a
chocolate but maybe like a fudge no not
fudge but they're good that's
interesting
either from Scotland that's so cool
who's this from this is from the hassles
in Oh oh-ha I'm pretty sure that says
Missy laning it literally says my name
ah come on it's me
get the hard one told you so
happy Mother's Day Oh from the hassle
family for Mama Missy from Sara says a
son is the anchor of a mother's love
life oh look at this
Oliver oh my gosh that's so cool
do you see this then it has an anchor
and then it has Oliver oh my gosh oh
babe no not cool thank you so much Sara
like that is like really special
yay it's perfect it's seriously so cool
that was just way too kind you guys Wow
I love it you can tell we love it cuz
we're kind of like speechless okay
there's like wow that means a lot
yeah so the necklace I was set by Sarah
who actually has two boys herself almost
and Asher those are like the coolest
names ever bTW but yeah that was so nice
of her and she actually has a YouTube
channel called slim down Sarah which
will link below if you guys want to
check it out I absolutely like love it
this one has my favorite things in it
what's that boys oh my goodness look at
it Dale he's like oh my gosh
oh my gosh be it a sudra chew toy lately
it's a natural to toy he's like I love
it
I would need it this is from Malaya
Wilson she says you should also be
getting another cloth diaper for your
collection cops'll Tony I hope that it
works for all of our best of luck Malia
after your sport comment I had to send
these which are the coolest ever my dog
Atticus loves Nylabone so I hope karma
does - yeah he's Mackin on it yeah
look what we just got Missy what are
they
oh my gosh boy that's so cool we were
just vlogging the other day it can't see
about how nice you look it's an actual
sport like a real one that's so good so
does it likes come out see oh wow oh my
gosh
the real spork
that never don't poke me down
inappropriate
whenever I edit mrs. bump dates I think
I always have like a little too much fun
crotches racha racha crotches people
Brian went off to work because he had to
film something but before he left he
completely panicked because he lost a
battery and in the meantime completely
tore apart my room like seriously tore
it apart my whole bag was made this is
now complete disaster that's a disaster
disaster so now I must fix it he
seriously loves this thing I've never
actually given him like a chew toy
and he's like in love with it he thinks
so fun is that yours
they said it yours coming it's so mad
that I do this gosh I can't do it one
hand no let's go let God like it yo ha
ha I got him hater would I do that huh I
got him oh my god so funny
you freaked out that guy are you freaked
out Jen injure 6/10 left a comment on my
video letting me know that Papa Murphy's
sells cookie dough which I knew that
I've tried it before I find it pretty
good but not only do they sell cookie
dough they actually use pasteurized eggs
that means that I can consume this raw
cookie dough and it's completely safe
and so I told Bryan while he was out at
work he just picked me up some cookie
dough yay he did it cookie dough and it
says right here eggs dried and
pasteurized not good
really every time you come home from
work you just hand grab one of those no
I can't not to you time alright kids
don't try this at home
also adults don't try this at home we
have brought in Cassie's being back
because we have some friends coming over
to visit so we put it in our room so
that we could have like place for more
people to sit and I mean look at it it's
just it's just waiting for someone to
jump in it
I totally fried a fan I should have
thought about the fan before I started
doing this
oh I gotta hurt my face okay
no broken bones it's just so comfy you
know like slightly like swallows you
it's amazing he's old cuddling with
Brian's you get the camera he thinks you
need to perform sure no he's more like I
need to perform how's it look cute like
I live up this guy your spit on my arm
I'm gonna end the vlog but before I do I
want to try these macaroons that we got
from a Scottish subscriber the tablets
were okay they were different the
macaroons actually look really good
the only problem is if I like these the
only way I can get them is from our
subscribers in Scotland alright here's
what they look like I think it's like
toasted coconut on top is they smell
really good mmm I'm gone so Bob mm-hmm
they're really good like the outside the
toasted I'm pretty sure it's toasted
coconut it's so good and then the middle
is like flaky and sweet and I was not
expecting that that was really good
thank you for sending us these because
that is that's so cool to get to try
like sweets from like another part of
the world anyways um I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog we are just like
getting ready to lay down and getting
things situated for tomorrow because
jarrod and Rochelle are coming and
they're going to be here for like three
or four days I'm just hang out and catch
up and actually do some video and photo
work so that should be really really fun
the next few vlogs should be like really
exciting because Jarrod is a character
let me tell you guys they're gonna be
here tomorrow morning and we got to go
to bed and we have lots to do so we will
see you guys in the morning
so goodbye shake my karma burgers I'll
see you later Brian come here so my crew
come reached Rebecca room to major music
videos world tour
bring us coffee wait what you guys I
green tea yeah this is mine
it's pretty much sugar water so I'm here
with the incomparable Jeffrey Johnson
sup sup son wait so who have you been on
tour with uh uh you know look at em not
to name John
