hey Missy I dare you to swing out like
such a rebel okay I'm gonna go
Oh
having a birthday morning everyone hello
it's not morning anymore
we suck today it's lunchtime Missy just
convinced me to take her to all garden
okay that's not I was honestly going to
food yeah but then you just made it seem
like going to all garden was my idea and
then I agreed I don't know how it
happened your idea you what helmet I was
like no we're not going to Olive Garden
the next one like alright let's go we're
gonna off-guard in how it works in the
end whatever ruin all you're doing I'm
feeling a lot better this morning I got
a tweet from some lives this buddy I
follow in the e okay and he said that I
just have man flu and I was like what's
man flu I never heard a man flu and so I
googled it apparently it's a UK phrase
given when you you say like a guy has
man flu but he just has the cold that we
exaggerate that was not the cold okay I
actually get that food poisoning
very painful it was horrible it was when
I'm saying he was violently ill he was
seriously violently ill so we're sitting
right now and
next to me are you happy that you're
checking out the soup
I guess I can't complain it's only five
ninety five and but you better nothing
over here you're starting have to go for
a walk later yes
Brendan gonna walk Missy's on her poor
Albert II must look at her again fate
Hennessy I dare you to swing night light
such a rebel but number apple juice is
that missy fine our baby better be doing
like is it really freaking out I just
realized this morning I woke up and I
watched a video a YouTube video and it
was really funny and I started like
laughing and stuff and as I was laughing
like my chest was like hurting a lot and
um that in the car
Missy was saying stuff and then I was
laughing and I was like oh my like it's
hurting too laughs and I just realized
like I'm so sore yesterday like my back
is sore my chest is sore I'm throwing up
so much yesterday it's very
uncomfortable I think I really need to
take it easy today because it still is
like very sore yeah tender I'm finding
that a lot of people nowadays now that
I'm getting so big people want to know
how far along I am and the thing that it
drives me crazy is it always asking in
months
and I really don't pay attention to
months I only paid attention to weeks
like I'm coming to weeks I don't know
how I mean I know how many months but
it's hard because I don't think in
months and but people ask that it's like
usually older people though asked me by
month yeah older people and and
non-pregnant people yeah and cuz they
don't know how many weeks like weeks
maybe that's just not how what they go
by they all I know is that you're
pregnant for nine months it would take
forever if I thought in month you take
me four weeks to get to the next month I
need to be in another in another number
by the next week that make sense so I'm
laying here trying to relax and I'm
going oh she's not there right now
yeah he's been slacking today but I'm
laying here trying to relax and I'm
feeling obviously him cake a lot and I'm
kind of freaking out though because he's
not freaking out that's what that's an
exaggeration but I'm worried because I'm
feeling the cakes a lot down low and I'm
really worried he he turned but I never
felt anything but of course I know that
sometimes you don't feel it but I mean
it could be very well just like his
hands pushing maybe but I'm worried but
he's kicking down here or something
I wish we had an ultrasound machine in
our house too so we could just like look
at him all the time
yeah I know turn oh I read on the UM one
of the pregnancy apps I have hmm that
now we can hear his heartbeat with a
stethoscope oh I did see that that's
free interesting I've had it's really
hard to find huh oh my god that hurt
should try I don't have a stethoscope we
do have a Doppler oh I just got this
awesome package from my mom and it was
actually two packages one to Oliver
James and then one who Missy hi um but
she sent us a camo shirt this is young
buck on it um cuz if you don't know my
parents are hunters and they live in
Idaho and so that is why it's a camo
shirt I'm not sure if he'll be a hunter
whatever he decides he wants to do but
then I also got these awesome Boise
State onesies these are
frickin adorable if you don't know I
actually attended Boise State that's
where I went to college and so I still
actually like root for them when I get
to watch them on TV but Missy's not
really a big fan of football so I don't
get to watch a lot of it but we got this
one it says rookie and then this one is
like my favorite I just love the
typeface of Boise State and it's blue
and orange and then this one's really
cool too Boise State Broncos so now
little Oliver and I can well Missy's
gonna be outnumbered actually cuz it'll
be Oliver and I and we can now watch
Boise State game I've been laying here
for quite a while you know really trying
to figure it out also someone suggested
to check and see where the heartbeat is
if it's down low then he's probably head
down if it's up high then he might be
breech I did the sharpie and it's down
low so I think that means that he could
be still breech or still be head down
and and then obviously if my if their
kicks are not down near the cervix and I
feel like they're probably punches and
they're nerds maybe he just discovered
his hand and then by laying here I
finally felt them where I usually do up
high so I'm I'm feeling like I paint my
I panicked a little I just discovered
where I left my measuring tape funny
thing is as I left it right where it's
supposed to be
so cute yeah I could cry
that was Klaatu 42 he does the talking
animals on YouTube thing but I think was
that like a promo for a different person
oh really
yeah it says pets odd life I sound like
the same guy oh no he's doing ads now
for like encouraging people to like get
shelter cats and stuff like I karma
karma karma karma boy he's so excited oh
hey wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
there's more stuff back here you ready
go to the park boy are you gonna park to
play with your ball so me and Ben are
taking karma to the doggie Park so we
always take him to that one park but he
always comes home smelling so gross so
we're taking this new one but I don't
necessarily like this part because they
they don't play on grass they play on
like dirt and it kind of tears up his
feet so I don't like the part we're
gonna try it out and see how it works so
yeah this is what they play on it's like
rock dirt and it's just afraid when he
runs he slides and like tries to like
jump oh I feel so bad I feel like he's
gonna hurt his feet ready be nice karma
be nice smell us but like a good little
dog there you go okay oh he's not even
going near the ball
oh just like that it got cold so fast
out there I actually have the heat on
now yeah that was really terrible and
like it went to like 56 it said so we
had to stop and get Frosty's from
Wendy's
because what's better than an ice cold
frosty on what used to be a warm day and
now it's all dreary and I actually love
ice cream on cold days because one it
doesn't melt as soon as you get it okay
- it's just delicious
I don't know I've always loved like
chocolate ice cream on a cold day
c/o little summer okay boy oh sorry
it's worth it sorry boy come on Kylie
come a good boy give me a good boy yeah
do you want a treat you want a treat
okay ug come on
it's like there is no sweets in your
hands baby
good good of that what good come on come
on it good come on Taemin you can do it
come on cool come on go boy not that bad
yeah yeah Oh didn't you dough it's nice
and cool it's not too cold not too warm
down it didn't work they jump out day
oh they have fun
my sister is nice enough to actually do
it for us
well I don't want to get in there
because it's really painful like bending
over and Brian I'm lazy in the mind that
you would tell her baby dude just get in
with his head and he passing Shenzhen he
get still not hurt he won't we'll get
her for like hours yeah yeah it's all
gone apart - yeah it's mini Olive Garden
date yummy we need an all right well
it's not working right now but we're
gonna watch some friends yay it's my
favorite and we're on season six
we literally have one gone through
season one through five I feel like how
long how long that take us car like a
week I don't know we have to go back to
watch the vlogs to find out but we run
like I feel like season six is when it
really begins you know I mean that's
when Rachel and Ross get married and
then Monica and Chandler are like about
to get married and it's just it gets all
it gets really good then alright guys so
I just want to end the vlog real fast
but um if you want to tell you guys that
tomorrow may see and I are going on a
little trip and it should be a really
really interesting vlog so be sure to
check out the vlog tomorrow cuz we are
going somewhere I'm not gonna tell you
guys where yet Shh oh no I'm not gonna
tell you guys the way yet surprise but
miss he's actually straightening or her
so she's gonna be already oh I don't
know Beantown sorry in Chisholm oh oh I
see like it's a darker color yeah yeah I
actually like it more you like it yeah
yeah door and this looks shinier pretty
good I think your natural hair is pretty
that's what you're supposed to say to
you guys Missy and I were actually
talking today about how cool it would be
how cool it would be to do a live vlog
or maybe like a live Q&A or just like a
live like a little live show for maybe
like 30 minutes
an hour but I wanted to get your guy's
opinion now obviously Missy and I we are
not a part of any networks on YouTube so
we don't have like the YouTube live
function like a lot of people who are a
part of networks get but so I wanted to
ask you guys actually if you can leave
in the comments below maybe like your
favorite service for doing live I know
there's spreecast I know you now I can
literally get those two who um but let
me know what you guys think it would be
like the best way to do it and even if
you're interested in that because if you
know there's not a lot of people are
just interested in doing it then we
might just not do it might not be time
for that but yeah and when is the best
time I know we have a lot of
international people and we have a lot
of people in the u.s. so let us know
what your preferred service for doing
live for doing a live like a what's
called a live stream and what time of
the day you think we should do it and if
you're even interested or if you can
even watch and maybe like what you'd
like want to do if you kind of like play
games with you guys or ask questions I
just think that'd be a really cool way
to sort of interact with you guys also
and I've never done like a live stream
thing like that so that would be fun but
anyway leave that all in the comments we
will see you guys tomorrow it's gonna be
a pretty interesting day uh my
goodbye see you tomorrow mmm that's now
moving up moving around and it's like
1:30 so but missus are you happy busy
morning
I'm just going to eat and hopefully this
headache goes away I'm really exhausted
my disability goes flat keep the face
he's out surprised she's been sitting
down and then a I just like pulled her
close to me like this she fell
