who is kind of doing a house am I the
only child you can't play with that
that's your little brothers oh okay oh
yeah
they're having a boy babe good morning
everyone so it is Friday morning and
it's a beautiful beautiful morning I
have the day off so that's exciting for
Brian he woke up about 5:30 this morning
in a lot of pain
at first it worried me because I thought
that it was like something he was gonna
have to go to the hospital for he seemed
like he was in a long a lot of pain but
then he quickly went running to the
bathroom and he basically had a very
long hour and a half session of just
puking oh he has food poisoning and if
you've never had food poisoning is like
the worst thing ever you basically feel
like you're going to die for like a good
at least 12 hours he had a good hour of
like just violent puking and then he
fell asleep at like I think finally
maybe 6:30 ish and he's been asleep ever
since and it's now like 9:00 or so
no that's almost 10:00 I feel so bad for
him he's so so so sick and hopefully he
starting to hit me he's if he's been
able to sleep I imagine he's feeling a
little bit better I'm letting him sleep
me and my mom my mom found a ad on
Craigslist for like this lady is
basically selling all of her baby stuff
like everything and she had a boy so we
are going to go and check it out oh man
guys we just we just hit the mama we
found so much stuff we got like a
playpen a mat like tons of clothes tons
of everything's like the $6 all of it
I'm gonna shut you guys doing to get
home but it's like insane so I got like
a play on it
I obviously it looks like this but it
comes up higher so that the baby's up
higher and then it comes with a changer
and a mobile which is really cool what
does this thing call mom it's made by
pop poppy so it's super nice quality but
obviously the baby couldn't lay here and
it won't roll over we got this play yarn
or what is this thing call a mat play
mat and basically obviously just it lays
like that and they can lay down and play
with the toys and it comes with comes
with this thing
which has lights and Hamir oh I got this
cool sunshade which we're trying to
figure out how the heck to put yeah and
so basically it can be used at the beach
and he can sit in here and be shaded and
all that so we got all of this for $60 I
mean the play are or the play I can play
itself is worth $60 we got all of this
for $60 who is kind of doing a house
hayride the only child you can't play
with that that's your little brothers
don't do that get off there move move
your feet move your dirty feet okay
Sydney try and put it together I did it
okay so I think Brian is starting to
feel a little bit better he I let him
sleep in really long so he's kind of up
like you know awake but not really up
and he's really hungry of course so I
don't see you contented brutally say hey
good good
to be see yah yah yah yah yah yah yah
yah yah yah Mindy Mindy SpongeBob
SquarePants
she's like you're distracting but thanks
grape Ian look who's up there he is he
still didn't seen all the stuff I bought
him and Bailey's been waiting for him
you look so cute today how are you
feeling I think he got all the nasty
stuff out and now he's just tired and
probably this is awesome I know right
it's like you're me no she loves this oh
don't see cry Oh Billy man in so missing
me
she made me food I'm eating like I'm
five years old I don't feel well
so I don't care so last night I was up
late working and when I'm up late
working I usually like snack and Maci
had turkey left on the fridge so I made
myself half a sandwich and I'm pretty
sure that's what made me say this
morning it was like maybe 5:00 in the
morning and I woke up and I was having
like extreme pain in my stomach and I
knew that it was food poisoning because
I get it like once a year and I knew
that if I got up I would throw up
everywhere so she grabbed me a bag and I
ran to the bathroom threw up the entire
way and basically spent my early morning
in there so I'm like really exhausted
now that's now moving up moving around
and it's like 1:30 so but Missy's
already has a busy morning
um but I'm just gonna eat and hopefully
this headache goes away and I'm just
like really exhausted and I just feel
really grows in blood how cute this is
she loves her Brian yeah she's just
sitting down and then I I just like
pulled it close to me that this she fell
yeah this is good he really tried to
fall asleep she was tired she's very
like she's all wants to cuddle with you
she's so cute so cute Bailey the good
tell her until she starts drooling on
you so this is that v-neck that I got my
old name because they were buy one get
one but this is actually a little bit
different
do you see how low it is you can almost
see it's pathetic really but there's
like a little peak of chest hair I'm not
very good at growing hair as you can see
this took me a long time but actually I
was checking us out and I was like it's
not that bad and I trim it up really
nice too
I'm just waiting for it to go higher
like I just wonder if it will ever go
higher like I see guys who are like
really good at growing beards they get
them like up to here like I'm not that
high but you know so we still feel very
like blah but we're out of the house and
we're running some errands just grabbed
our mail and now we're gonna go in see
if we can find a papaya for Missy's bump
date I honestly don't know if they have
them but that's the size of baby this
week so we'll check out see if they have
a papaya that is pretty effing huge a
huge baby I don't think the babies that
big you know I don't know I don't know I
bet you thought oh these are papaya - oh
really yeah boss this is
next step up we brought in the actual
drawer mahogany that's it and stocks too
dark
girl look at it not in the camera I'm
looking at not in the camera I think you
can see the purple in it no definitely
not some way better match
okay so Courtney the one who sent us the
bow tie for um Oliver oh my god look at
what she made for karma karma come here
come here
that is stinking adorable that is
perfect thank you so much Courtney now
they're magic I can't believe we now
have a bow tie for karma and Oliver he's
so classy he's so good so perfect it's
we also got a package today from
Wisconsin my aunt actually lives there
she's the one who sent me all that yummy
cheese but she made us a quilt so it's
got the pattern I guess it's called
grandmother's choice because at the time
she was making it we had just lost my
grandma and so it kind of stood out to
her but that's what the pattern is and
it's got he's really cool I love the red
and a blue and the dinosaurs everywhere
really really awesome that she like took
so much time to do this and that's got
this really cool green texture on the
back and I think it'll match fine I mean
it's not beachy but it's got cool colors
and yeah he has to match but I love it
so if you're watching this aunt land
thank you so much you're amazing a
couple other items we received melissa
from tennessee sent us this cute little
onesie that says mommy scary little
monster which I love the colors oh it's
really cool and then some cute socks
you're so cute and then this awesome
little rattle that actually twists and
makes extra sounds and so that's cool
cool yeah kind of obnoxious in the raw
yeah we also received a package from
Gwendolyn a tummy time mat and it's a
surfboard type and it actually also
ocean I know it's so cute and then I
think you can also like it's like a
measuring thing too so you can kind of
keep track of how old Biggie's getting
so that's really cool so thank you to
also a Gwendolyn and Melissa so I know
we're getting a lot of packages now
because Missy's pregnant and people like
to send us baby stuff which is really
really awesome but I just want to remind
you guys you don't need to send us
anything but a lot of people they they
love sending us letters and packages and
stuff so what we're going to do from now
on is this is Friday's vlog so you guys
watch it on Saturday so every Saturday
vlog show off sort of like the packages
and thank everyone that we got because
we don't want to be doing that
continuously throughout the week because
that we don't want to make the vlog
about that but we do love getting stuff
from you guys and we want to show that
off to you so I think every single
Saturday vlog we will go through the
packages and letters and sort of and
sort of show those off to you guys and I
doubt it's gonna be like a reoccurring
thing because it's just Missy's pregnant
right now so we are stocking up it's
just so cool everyone who's like taking
the time out to to do stuff like like
that for us so we just like thank you
guys from the bottom of our heart
because that's so cool
look at his car I just can't go over
that's so cool that is so awesome
Courtney you need to open up an Etsy
shop I know I saw you respond to someone
on one of our box saying you don't have
anything set up yet but you need to cuz
that's awesome so I'm not quite a
hundred percent yet so I'm just trying
to lay down and relax so we gotta film
this is pump day today Missy is cleaning
and organizing cuz that's what she does
now alright we are trying we're gonna
fill Missy's bumpty tonight I wanted to
have it up today obviously but I my body
decided to start blowing chunks instead
so it's gonna be a little late
yeah I know you came at the wrong time
uh so we're gonna film her pump dirty
and then take her sister to this new big
trampoline park I don't even know if I'm
everything
Oh what does that mean everything is
dirty all right okay you're upset cuz
that you just found out the closets
dirty everything is just a feeling I
feel like I made you come in here you're
like why is it dirty
hasty this up what are you looking for
Missy what are you looking for maybe the
same thing we look for every single week
I don't put it anywhere you are the last
one who touches it we she seriously
loses this every single week all I know
is about 30 minutes of our time making
your bump day is looking for tape
measurer is it under there I really
didn't want to break out the fake lights
messy and but the sun's going down
there's nothing use this just use a tape
measure so I just finished my bump day
and we decided to cut open the papaya to
see if we would like it and we smelt it
right smell it I've had to fight for I
told you it's not very good Melanie did
you smell it does it smell disgusting
let's just smell it
oh my god
smells like vomit ba si that is really
cute I David one sister and her bread
and they were freaking out
okay so Missy's dad set up this little
tripod thing in the car because he
noticed someone said a comment about how
we should really have something that
holds the camera
and I'm trying to think whether or not
it's actually more inconvenience I have
this huge thing attached to my window
now versus just like keeping it you know
yeah and you have no idea where I am
because I'm over here talking obviously
we can't use it if there's someone else
in the car because you can't see Missy
but I guess this is just testing it out
how do you know if I'm gonna put this in
my vlog if I'm putting this on the blog
thumbs up I don't know so where's the
trampoline park and passion or blender
jumping around here somewhere
looks pretty cool though I can never do
this because I can only last like 10
minutes on a trampoline okay cool you
can't do that miss you're pregnant
Bell
whoa that's so cool yeah
you did it there's a pretty extreme game
of dodgeball happening over here two of
these guys oh that's so cool oh now I
really want to play according go set it
over on the red thing and jump over it
Kassie acts so sneaky when she goes over
and sets the camera there she's all
afraid she's gonna get hurt that was
really cool doubt
look at this leaning tower of towels you
guys that's a lot of towels by the way
how long did it take us to go through
all this do I wonder every week do we
really go through that many towels in a
week normally we're only really it was
like I know this is a lot of towels I
also wanted to end the vlog today with a
little announcement if you didn't know
we hosted a giveaway on our daily
Channel for five days and we asked you
guys questions of the day and you
answered and you got entered we wanted
to announce the winner actually I'll let
me see do it okay so we wrote out the
name on the chalkboard that you're going
to win so the username the Arthur
username is Carter and Piper's mama
congratulations you this is now your
chalkboard so Carter and peipus mama
it's obviously your that's your username
is one word contact us within three days
and we can get your address and we can
get it sent out to you guys and if
there's something that you want us to do
on the chalkboard for you let us know if
you want us to draw a picture or write
something out for you let us know and
we'll be happy to do that for you guys
also but I'm super excited to announce
like the first winner of our very first
giveaway for this channel you guys so
it's really really exciting that's
really exciting and just thank you guys
so much for participating in that
giveaway because it was crazy I mean we
had like at one point there were like
over 700 comments on one video of people
entering I started the contest because
we had 3,000 subscribers and in the time
that the contest is over we almost have
4,000 subscribers now now we are
actually less than 150 subscribers away
from 4,000 subscribers so it's like
crazy like how amazingly fast this
little community that we have is growing
and and it's all for you guys and you
know we're gonna do some really cool
things as far as giveaways to get back
to you guys we're getting ready for bed
and kama is skate nope nope coming right
okay you want your ball which one sit
I didn't say roll over all right here he
heard me say it like his bowtie I just
love his bowtie so classy boy anyway
we're getting ready for bed
I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog we're
probably gonna be at that trampoline
park a lot because Cassie really loves
it and I actually think I might try to
help anyway thank you guys for watching
I hope you enjoyed the vlog and we will
be seeing you two models oh I'm saved by
karma set nope
you're a dog that's all you can do tell
you know how to do I really like this
baby is driving you crazy
wait and mustard a little bit okay you
just mix ranch and mustard you don't do
that that's weird
that's a weird technically thing you
just did
yes that's not your first weird
pregnancy thing I didn't the other day
to it I thought it was delicious
