oh here it is big offense you know so
far okay with your house be p2p is
closer there you go
oh we were going to name what I did is
you really I did
good morning is what we just woke up to
it's pouring rain outside Laurie so
we're gonna hook it to the car I got my
ribbon on there my going to work boots
sweet what is Rachel say when she gets
boots yeah I don't need a I don't need a
job I got great boot boots yeah that's
what they are you don't run oh it's not
that bad once it starts coming down okay
it's kind of cold and wet and you're
walking kind of slow that's now don't
stop all this now boom oh gosh
Go Go Go Go Go hurry hurry boom
brian has to take me to work today
because on Friday he came to my work and
we really want to take two separate cars
home because I drove my car to work and
so we all we got in one car thinking oh
we'll just come down you're later and
pick it up three days later my car's
still there
well we're still there yeah we'll see I
guess hopefully it got stolen I mean I
mean why would you say that because like
doesn't if you have full coverage
something like
Missy they do not give you enough to buy
a new car I woke up was like the worst
charley horse last night it was horrible
I like I I was the thing is is that I'm
half asleep and I cannot wake up when
I'm asleep like I literally cannot wake
up and I was in so much pain and I knew
I was supposed to do something like
pointed straight and I just my head my
brain which is not working
dropping Missy off at work but cool
thing her car still here
she's on that ticket and so that's
always good when her car doesn't get
stolen Missy really wanted some
chocolate milk so I ran down to the
dairy and got her a couple things of
chocolate milk because the dairy um is
it's like amazing it's like the best
chocolate milk in the world you guys
know we went before it's pretty much
like 800 calories a little bottle so I'm
not going to drink any we are now at
Staples
Missy's doing some office shopping what
do you really buy soap at Staples might
be super expensive the thing is is high
I'm using an office credit card and they
don't oh I got a wall right where a
super they do yeah
Missy you need Snickers for when your
clients come in to talk to you guys you
can give them candy I'll see for me when
I come and visit so we just left Walmart
I got all my work stuff done and now our
Instagram our furniture it's got a this
girl's um now our armoires so we get to
go pick it up and I'm so excited to see
it so we are gonna head there right now
and go get it big today I was going
through comments and I was going through
comments on the video where we went
swimming and we were eating chips and I
could not get chips out of my head all
day so I had to get some it's so crazy
how something so simple kind of so
amazing we got it
obviously it's in the car but look how
cool it looks something's in there like
rattle around something in one of the
drawers I don't know it sounds like an
animal tip thicker so we just see that
by some knobs for it and then it's
pretty much you can do actually we need
to buy bars that we can actually hang
stuff yeah what if I could actually
organize this all tonight that'd be me
not I'm like having a go super own
people robbed mommy panic right now you
know your dad when you got really really
excited on right now people and picking
out dogs
yeah well yesterday I posted on my
Twitter what I say I was like oh when
you get excited about a discounted power
strip oh yeah hashtag bad life all right
we got our drawer and we are now headed
into Home Depot to look at knobs keep it
straight you know it's hard okay
you're gonna explain and now it's really
small this is weird
what is this hanger
ha we're just kidding
I get miss you guys she's like full-on
waddling have a baby inside so we've got
the dresser in the room and we're just
putting the finishing touches on I'm
putting on the knobs and then Brian is
working on some contact paper because if
you can't tell there's some gouges in
here that we really couldn't get rid of
and so we're just going to put something
over that and then we'll have two bars
that'll hang the clothes so I'm so
excited and we got everything so that we
can set everything up and start hanging
his clothes except we forgot hangers
here it is guys we lost you for a second
it's the armoire hey happy oh it looks
good huh yeah got nice drawers put some
contact paper on the inside and yeah I
mean it's like that's the last big piece
of furniture for the nursery so it's
coming along ha boy he's gonna be here
any months we may be how closely it
matches to the crib and the chair and
Mike is like we did an amazing job is
perfect yeah I think we would've picked
any other stain it would not have looked
was good we totally forgot to show you
guys we redid the chalkboard last night
and we have this cool new design on it I
Instagram it if you follow me on
Instagram so we got a couple packages
today and Brian is going to open up one
of them just have a thing now first I'll
see one no no again ping um this is from
what says it's from mommy's lounge so
that's probably the store but it is a
every day swing Wow oh that's so cute I
love it
use that oh my gosh yeah I can totally
that's so cool it just goes right over
your shoulder and it holds the baby let
me see under that maybe look so happy
I'm so excited I was actually wanting to
get something like this and this is so
cool I love it thank you so much but we
don't know who it came from
so definitely let us know if it came
from you I'm guessing this package is
from Virginia yeah they put all these
cool designs all over there got Oliver
and little flag ease cute flag is going
on this is from Hatter in Virginia the
Hatter family I think so probably yeah
open now oh this is wrap whoa holy
cannoli
okay look so nice we got Phillip Titus
oh my gosh Jett and Jesse and one on the
way they look like such a cool family
you guys look like so much fun
circle table that's awesome my
three-year-old son Titus and I watch her
daily vlog and bumps along the way every
day we so enjoy you guys sharing your
every day with us title whoo bump her
life
Titus Hearts Karma for sure I found you
guys so Jessie had her told us in her
note her husband actually runs a puppet
company which I mean totally makes sense
once you look at this photo because they
have like amazing personalities so she
says it's a little crazy around the
house so I'm gonna go check out his
puppets they're thistledown Papa's calm
if you guys want to check it out in the
description also well that's so cool
they are like the cutest family ever I
know so she got us these liners which
are really good for cloth diapering
because she says you caught that for
yourself you know flushable diaper
liners and then we have this hope as an
anchor for the Soul firm and secure
Hebrews 6:19 wow that is so cool I think
I'm gonna put that on the chalkboard
next like the coolest thing
okay got a picture frame oh wow the
inker by Philip Hatter wow that is
really well done
Thank You Philip you rock how creative
he is it's really cool it's got like
burlap all around it yeah that's awesome
going to set this right here on top of
the new arm bar oh my gosh I just love
this so much look at like all the little
details in this how did you how did you
do that that's awesome
you've got clothes oh wow Wow I love
this style cool so soft
oh it's babyGap Wow and that's a helm
yeah Missy oh yeah I learned that from
Nelson at the helmet oh boy Wow those
are so cool cut off oh man we got to get
me some matching ones those are Tokyo
you so much to the hatter family like
you guys are so cool yeah you guys
seriously spoiled us
come on what are you doing what are you
doing boy get out from under the bad set
stick up up bang good boy
we're still working on the whole bang
play dead thing Missy right now is going
through everything that you guys have
sent us it's like it just it still blows
my mind when we do this every time like
like one set and the whole set under
here yeah we've already done but like
it's like crazy
yeah but she's itching to put everything
away in his place where it goes in the
nursery so she wants to really do this
YouTube haul give recognition to the
people who deserve it
covering lunchable I'm go for a walk
gonna help out mommy
how about mommy with the video I just
finished our YouTube baby haul which was
insane I actually got karma to sit with
me the entire time
but of course at the Byram with treats
and he still thinks he deserves more he
still thinks he should get more treats
oMG guys I do not know what I just got
myself into so I decided to like lay out
all of the different sizes of clothes
that he has so far so these are newborn
onesies pajamas like rompers kind of
things t-shirts and then these are three
months onesies
t-shirts pajamas pants these are all his
hats here's all his bibs I think he's
got a million boobs
those are like 9 months here's a bunch
of six-month onesies and this isn't even
all his clothes because I have two huge
buckets full of more clothes so this is
just everything that we've gotten lost
like a couple months I don't know if
this little dresser is going to be able
to hold it all of course I don't need to
put it all in there I can probably start
with just like newborn three to six and
then put everything else away until it's
time but like so my room is just like
so if you haven't tilt been able to see
because we just been like trying to
throw stuff away and get stuff out of
here and yeah
but I mean I've got all under there
almost all cleared out I just need to
figure out where to put it all so
Karma's dream just happened oh car stop
I picked up the bag from the ground and
it just broke open
oh and luckily as you can see I put away
all the clothes so luckily that didn't
happen on the closer I probably would
have freaked out but yeah so that kind
of sucks so we got a comment on
yesterday's vlog from a dana khanna
check and she says she's a three year
old son named Skyler and she just found
out today that I am pregnant again that
I so cool congratulations Dina and thank
you for sharing it with us cuz that's I
mean that's such great news to hear I
know when I heard that Missy was
pregnant I was like it was so unreal I
thought she was playing a joke on me
what she was if you didn't see the video
uh-huh but it's just such a great moment
in such a great feeling so
congratulations Dana before we go I did
want to let you guys know that Phillip
who sent us this awesome print of the
anchor he actually sells these prints to
raise money to help his friends who are
working on trying to adopt a little baby
from Ethiopia so I'll put the link in
the description they put it on the back
of the print slide but if you feel it in
your heart that you want to give to
these people you know who are struggling
and and trying to make this happen then
feel free and I will leave it in the
description so that you guys can go to
it but basically it's an adoption fun
you can they have a Facebook page and a
blog kinda come away OH
mmm all right guys we're gonna call it a
night
we do have a doctor's appointment
tomorrow and I'm hoping that we get to
see Oliver and 3d again because I would
be insane last time she just turned it
on randomly and we were freaking out so
I really hope they do that next time for
tomorrow's appointment but anyway it's
been a long day weird
tired we got lots of lots of work done
on the nursery which is really really
cool and what are you doing boy
none of those clothes will fit you I
told you anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog
thank you for watching and we will show
you tomorrow's say very well
say bye tomorrow okay Nina just a piece
of mirror
Nina do you're gonna get
you're gonna get them in oh my gosh the
whole house is falling apart it's the
people
