you're not supposed to sever the paint
look at their little needles everywhere
biggis I've seen it so far
okay what's your house speaking to PS oh
you're going to what you thought I did
did you really I did
good morning bumpers we are having a
beautiful Sunday afternoon it is it's
not like like sunny outside but it is
kind of nice cool weather and I kind of
like the cloudy weather sometimes but we
are getting ready to clean the cleaning
day I have big plans for our living room
I want to like totally repaint it and
change out the car pin it in just make
it look cool and nice and more
comfortable finally up I just want to
say that I had the most amazing wife
ever
she totally let me sleep in because I
just have not been getting much sleep
lately at all I've just been staying up
really late working and a lot later than
usual usually I can get to bed by like
12:30 or 1:00 but lately it's been like
3:30 or 4 o'clock so right now our house
is kind of a disaster area or breaking
things that Oh what do you want oh oh
you want to play ball you can't play
ball in the house right now buddy it's a
mess so her nesting is like going crazy
oh really this looks fun yeah so we're
throwing that away really your best
thought was to just take it apart and
put it in
recycled wood yeah I guess that makes
sense so karma I don't know why but
every time someone steps outside karma
runs over to this tree and gnaws on it
look at all those marks that's him
karma why do you hate this tree so much
it's like his thing now he just runs
outside go straight to this tree and
starts chomping on it and all like he
just yeah karma you're crazy here heads
up
epic fail
score I like the glazed summer pecan
have you said it like a million times
yes I have said thank you three times I
didn't keep going wait summer pecan and
the red I think it looks really nice
together
yeah maybe we're trying to pick out
colors for the living room and we've
been in this aisle for way too long
and I just want to leave oh and eat I'm
hungry so we're just grabbing a quick at
lunch at curry ofc and I don't know if
you guys know this but missing is
obsessed with the sporks
I am absolutely love sports I think it's
like the coolest amendment ever I think
it's one of the most like overlooked
inventions you know I mean it saves you
like 2 inches by 6 inches of space in
your drawer if we would have metal
sporks you know I would love a mouse but
what if you only wanted a spoon nice all
use ass is good a riveting conversation
that we're having on a beautiful Sunday
hope you're getting ready we've got all
the tape on the walls the colors the
wall right now is white like a like a
very flat white and so we're about to
color it this really pretty tannish
Brown no it's called what a like warm
Oh dead normal
yeah it was something like that so
here's the first start of our nightmare
she's gonna hit us I like it though
it looks so good look how far we've come
we've got almost all the brown on and
just need to get the edges and we've
almost done our second coat and then
we're going to be starting on that green
getting rid of the green nasty oh good
job
Karma's sad cause she's not Ladd in Hong
Kong you okay boy you would just come
and paint with your with your tail huh
you get paint all of your tail and you
get it everywhere hi boy
oh girl my boy hard times like hey so
we're now is done yeah with almost all
this wall and all over well we still
need to the red there but I put a little
bit of the red on the mantle of what its
gonna look like and that's it and I
think we're happy with it I'm happy with
it ya know why every Sunday Missy has to
like freak out and change the whole
house right it's good like makeover
Sunday you know it's okay Nina it's okay
it's just the peace of man vo you gonna
get her you're gonna get him
oh my gosh some warehouse is falling
apart
Nina you're not supposed to step in the
paint look at there's no needle pegs
everywhere okay someone needs to stay
are you happy Nina no Picasso huh she's
got it all over the track on a carpet
Nina tracks everywhere oh my goodness
the joys of having chihuahuas you guys
is it coming off cool Carlo crazy that
for a second get get it boy one good no
you want to play with it come on come on
good jump all the way all the way jump
hey hey guys we have been going all day
my feet are probably about to fall off
because they're in so much pain this
morning I woke up super super early like
around 5:00 a.m. but I hadn't gone up to
go to the bathroom and pee all night I
probably held it all night because I
must been just so tired and so I woke up
in so much pain it was like horrible and
so I I like I realized I'm like oh my
gosh I have to pee and so like I tried
to get up and I cannot get up and he is
like sitting probably all the way at the
top right here like bulging at the top
like bulging out and like and like
almost like down here was almost sucked
in and this was bulging out it was like
the crazy thing it hurt so back my
bladder was so full and he was tucked up
so high I could barely breathe it was
horrible and I couldn't get up I could
not
out of the bed for anything I was just
like pulling on everything like trying
to like grab on to Brian likes like like
try and lift myself up it was horrible
and so finally I like waddle as slow as
possible without bursting anything to
the bathroom and then I peed and then
slowly he just sucked back down to his
normal position and my belly was so
horrible it was so painful so definitely
waking up to going going pee is better
than having to hold it and that it was
so painful could barely breathe so in
the comments today we got a comment from
Caitlin dawn 23 who said can we please
see pics of you both in your scene days
and yeah totally I'm going to show you
guys some pictures but if you didn't
know any yesterday's vlog um Missy and I
kind of confessed that we used to be
little scenesters and we'd run around
and we dress funny and go to shows and
stuff like that first of all this is
this one is actually pretty funny and
I'll put it up on the screen too so you
can see a little better
but Missy actually just dyed her hair
and we put little raccoon stripes in it
I think I'm wearing a Devil Wears Prada
shirt this picture is pretty stinking
hilarious ok another really funny
picture here is me you know just taking
one of those general myspace pictures I
got my I think that was a cardboard
robot hoodie um I was pretty much
obsessed with them because they had
really had like a bullet for a zipper
and I had the Koons drives in the big
glasses so that's pretty embarrassing
mm-hmm Missy was she wasn't so scenester
but she was actually like cute scene
ster here let me see if I can get a good
picture she used to wear these um hair
extensions so she uh Harold so she
actually had like short hair and then
she put in like these long extensions
when she wanted long hair and I was
gonna look for you babe now you have
long hair but um here's another myspace
pic of me and my a v8 errs and my
drop-dead gorgeous tee
I think I was in San Diego when I was
visiting yeah we have so many funny
pictures of us you guys here's one of us
in matching chiodo t-shirts that was
actually for a school dance
oh this isn't school that's actually
Claire bear and me she's got her was
that when you had your Monroe Pierce
yeah but that's Claire bear God right
when we got in yeah and we thought he
was at her so at the time she was so
cute but little did we know that
something was gonna sprout between those
legs all right so I wanted to let you
guys know that my good friends Jared and
Rochelle from Nelson at the helm are
actually going to be visiting us next
week and I'm really excited they're
coming down for I think like five days
and they're coming down just to you know
hang out in California and to see us and
then we're actually going to be doing a
lot of video work also we're going to be
doing producing a couple videos for them
that they're going to release from here
on out through the summer so that should
be really really exciting and we are
going to have a really awesome
announcement coming up regarding one of
their videos right now Missy now we're
actually talking about some of the
things that she wants to do for her
channel this week because Mother's Day
is coming up and that's huge so for my
Mother's Day video I want to put
together a video that is going to
represent all the moms in our community
what I would like to do is if you are a
mom with a child and would like to send
in your photo um I would like to
probably display it in my Mother's Day
video so this is what I need you to do
if you want to do this
send me your picture to my email and
we'll have a link below but it is the
bumps along the way at icloud.com
so I need it sent in that email because
it's really hard to make sure they all
go into the same spot when they're all
being scattered in different space spots
like Facebook and yeah like I noticed
when we were doing the bumper montage
like I got videos in a ton of different
places and I
my best till I get as many as I could
but it was just it was crazy so if you
guys can just send them two bumps along
the way at iCloud and we'll have the
email listed below two so you can do
that then that would be a lot of help
I think either that or are through the
Facebook page if you have any trouble
through email so I don't want anyone to
hold back if you feel like you're a
mother of any kind and you have a photo
that represents that please send it to
me I would love to really show every
type of mother that's out there whether
you've lost a baby or you are trying to
conceive in you or you have a pregnancy
test and you're maybe you have a belly
or a bump I want to see those photos and
that's what I want to display in my
Mother's Day video yeah and definitely
please don't take a photo of the photo
try and send us a good copy because
we're going to be getting them printed
and it's gonna be a really cool way that
we're gonna be showing them off to you
guys also come so I hope you guys will
do that and that would be really awesome
so I want this Mother's Day video to
really mean something to everyone yeah
and just like represent the community as
well as you know what being a mom means
to you admit as some really good insight
on you know being a mom I'm actually
really really stoked just to hear what
she has to say about it alright guys
well it is super late my feet are just
throbbing like absolutely throbbing and
I have to work in the morning it's so
big right now he's like moving so much
I'm surprised you don't see it sometimes
like it's like constant you know like um
in our bumper montage there was that
lady who showed us her belly and the big
was like literally like oh my gosh I
know do you think it's ever gonna be
like that I don't know that was so
grizzy
oh my gosh that video if you guys didn't
see it like her baby is just like
popping like crazy out it was like the
coolest day out like oh my god I wonder
if that's painful it seems like it would
be I mean I'm all I'm uncomfortable with
these little pops that come out they're
weird anyways we are going to bed we're
so exhausted it's been a long long day
probably not a super exciting one but
it's been a long day for us on our feet
painting
go to bed so talk turpis see you
tomorrow bye
yes I'll talk we'll talk to them well I
mean we'll talk to you you'll see us
we'll do fun things
yeah you know how we do yeah all right
so see you tomorrow bye it's moving
right okay it definitely seems like it
has some weight to it oh yeah see ya the
Conrad Missy got ya I was out
