I love using a drill it makes me feel
like Tim the tool man Taylor
okay no it's Chris
I
oh yeah
having a boy named good morning bumpers
it is a beautiful day outside see look
at this gorgeous day out here but we
wouldn't know because we're trapped
inside because Missy woke up sick or
visi sick busy dog and we actually had
plans to go to like this big barbecue
event in town but I don't know if that's
gonna happen
she says it's gonna happen so she's just
gonna lay in bed and watch some friends
you saw that we went to all garden last
night and I got that really cool deal
where you order a meal and then they
give you one to go well I actually just
pulled it out of the bag and I want to
show you guys what it looks like it's
really interesting because it kind of
looks like one of those fresh and easy
meals like they put all the noodles on
the bottom and then the sauce and the
chicken on top so that when you cook it
doesn't get like all nasty nasty item so
I'm gonna eat some of that and Missy is
just getting out of bed she's still not
feeling really well but she is gonna eat
the rest of her nokey soup and then
we're gonna see how she feels and see if
we can head out to the barbecue so it's
only there for like two more hours so I
am finally up I don't feel amazing but I
really just wanted to go to this
barbecue so I'm clean get out of the
house sometime Oh card do you think dogs
can go the dog I bet he would love it
they're very strict about dogs
ya know so I'm just trying painting up
and trying to get ready to go he wants
to go - did you get ready today though
did you do your makeup your eye makeup
looks gorgeous I just I love it
alright so I'm already and still waiting
I'm Brian yes uh who's the one always on
the phone now yeah Oh Missy's kind of
peeved because I was on the phone
that's a good way you guys if your wife
doesn't like driving something wonderful
I can't drive Mackendrick and then turn
and I don't know really why we're going
to the barbecue think we won't just ate
it's not like we're gonna be like
pounded on some ribs or anything change
of plans
it looks lame we actually just drove
like all the way out to like the middle
of nowhere and then we're like oh okay
it's that point and then we're like
let's just save our money so we're gonna
save our money and not go here but
that's a fun Drive yeah a nice little
fun adventure close you're headed to
babies r us to cash in our shop cakes
you know what that is we'll tell you
about it but I get to park into the
expectant mothers this is the first time
I think you've done this huh yep always
called stork parking finally get to take
advantage of the system you know I was
just thinking is the babies RS is the
baby superstore but the only thing they
don't sell is babies they'll be cool if
you can just go into a store and buy a
baby they I'll take that one yeah so we
just figured out a huge dilemma because
we really want the mini crib because of
size but Missy's really worried about
bedding right so we found a bedding set
on another full-size crib and we put it
on the mini crib and we're like okay so
everything like all because all we want
we can buy the the sheets at 5a for like
seven bucks yeah for the crib but you
don't get like a nice little blanket
because we're not using the garden yeah
we're not gonna use obviously that thing
that's like supposedly supposed to kill
your baby yeah like a wraps are on the
career that they all have and so we all
we need is a blanket and I'm sheet and a
mobile whatever yeah and like so yeah
we're taking care of that wall art yeah
we're taking care of everything else
I don't need
I don't think I need a dust ruffle I
think that's kind of unnecessary yeah so
now we're just figuring out so all we
need to do is buy baby blankets and
where's awesome with whales on them and
then we also saw these really cool
receiving clogs a little whales on them
so I think we're not gonna have too much
trouble finding filled that sort of our
theme for it and now we feel very
confident about the crib we want to get
so she likes this one yeah it's so soft
why can't we sleep with baby blankets
Hey I'm already next to our archive okay
like this one says daddy loves me yeah I
know doesn't mention my dad just say my
dad loves me my mom loves me I don't
understand and small over there so so
then you put it in there boom it
actually fits better everyone's telling
us that we can't do it with a mini crib
but yeah yeah so everyone says these
things are so bad like they kill your
bed
we're all gonna do the breathable um
what was cold why can't we figure out
the word know it some of that it's on
here is it 3-piece wall art no struggle
no I don't know what is it home I think
this is three-piece wall art no this is
four pieces what the heck bumper bumper
not a bunker a breathable bumper yeah so
that was the longest trip at Babies R Us
ever here and we're still here but we
actually we went to go get the crib they
didn't have it here so they have to do
it with another store and it took
forever get them on the phone but our
crib is paid for and sitting like an
hour away yeah
so we have finally got the crib and so
now we just gotta go get it wait here do
you want to register
okay let's do it boom this can be fun
guys look what they gave us
yeah we're gonna have some fun now let's
go type of X okay
a broken chops are in your purse that's
random sheets
did it work get Bo twelve hours
you know why good more blankets this
one's actually really cool to get that
little monster on it don't matter
budding sad mobile mobile mobile peers
this is actually a lot of fun the guys
usually have the most fun I just want to
screw on everything
playtime bouncer and look it it's got a
little Twitter bird talk and play
input it doesn't work yeah play
baby should you we just found a diaper
sprayer this is exactly what we need
because I do not want to pick poop off
the diaper manually this is it
humidifier baby monitor you these are
really cool little baby chilling
chilling on his mommy yeah skin your
skin that's awesome right here yeah what
is it called new puppy bibs little man
monkeys always win burping cloths
please baby so fake right
it looks like the baby from Twilight the
fake CGI baby I think it looks kind of
real please
that's what knows Oliver yeah it's weird
let go
Toye older grooming stuff it's actually
comes with a bag Missy I know that's so
cool
first I cook babies are expensive now
we're on to make good good to have so
they're not yet another glass we don't
have to buy this so this isn't like
necessary stuff oh so we can just go
through and figure out what we don't
want movie mob these are cool
those are very cute shoes they're like
van they won't look like man yeah yeah
and look at all these awesome things
that fit our theme what do we got
got mommy's first mate whales sailboats
who's the other one Missy
captain adorable having way too much fun
in the baby clothes
okay so right now we are shopping for a
little baby Oliver and for the question
of the day we want to ask you how many
children do you want or have so leave
your answer in the comments below to
enter into the giveaway seriously went
there to kill a couple hours until our
movie and we basically missed our entire
movie yeah how long were we in there for
we got there like three like three hours
yeah we were there three hours actually
three and a half in a half wait yeah we
were there three and a half hours but we
bought crib
course we don't have it because it's at
a different store our way but we also
obviously register it's alone we got a
lot done yeah yeah good man
oh yeah what'd it be gangster what up
what up G what up J what up I was
thinking that if we could go to the park
but first you have to find your leash
but if you want to go to the park you
got to get your leash we gonna go get it
go get your get your leash so you can go
to the park and play with a ball but
where's your leash you know where your
leash is Park Oh leash go get your leash
can we get your leash so you can go to
the park go get it boy okay bring it
yeah boy dirty he really doesn't like
touching it get it boy get it
pull it up go away boy I'll put it on
you oh he's ready he's ready now you
ready
not someone actually has to go take him
for a walk all right so we are now
headed to go pick up some dinner for the
whole family
I think we're getting L what you
I'll poyo Loco fun fact our wedding was
catered by El Pollo Loco because it was
in California and there was no el Playa
Loco in Idaho so when we were having our
wedding in California we were like yeah
we're eating El Pollo Loco so we had
like oh it was so good it was like it
was so much food to kind of cheesy but
yeah looks like we're gonna have to go
get the crib tomorrow because Missy's a
big baby and it's dark and so she's
tired cuz once the Sun Goes Away she's
done she's just she just gives up on
everything right yeah pretty much I'm
done this is what we call the aftermath
Bowl could we have made a bigger mess so
Brian is right now once again cutting
chalkboard and I think actually someone
had suggested that we maybe play some of
the remainder chalkboard right here then
we can use that as obviously a backing
and then we can write little messages
and of course someone suggested I could
remind her Brian could remind me to put
the cap on the toothpaste which still
won't do any good
yeah here's the problem I know he wants
me to do it I'm not gonna do it and I
honestly think that if he wants it and
he can do it and it would be fine he's
been quite the handyman days
I love using a drill it makes me feel
like Tim the Toolman Taylor Brian thinks
these uh some tacks are gonna work I
mean I mean it does work but knowing we
can't leave it like that all right we're
almost done lord power huh
probably got it for a G's house we're
not pro at this at all that looks all
right hey looks cool that's dope it's
very sturdy
that's so cool babe
good idea whoever suggested that those
awesome couple people did actually
really that was so cool so we couldn't
think of anything to put over on the
chalkboard next our sink now so we did
this ahh looks good babe you did a good
job thank you
so now we get to look at that while we
wash brush our teeth hey guys so we are
home now and I've actually been putting
together the chalk board we made this
one for a little all these nurseries on
the wall
this one person you guys to win or a
giveaway so this is going to be the
giveaway portion of today's daily and we
wanted to just do this because you know
we just passed 3000 subscribers
