that's just what they do that yes I I
don't think it's because of that our
turn what meat it's almost got - yes
okay I'm gonna get that party though
oh yeah
having a birthday morning everyone
this is what my hair looks like the next
morning after I took a shower and didn't
do anything with it it's just I feel
like it's getting worse it's so frizzy
so ridiculous I'm like I need something
so it's so unmanageable and like it's
just so frizzy and feels like I feel
like a lion like I feel like there's
hair all the way around my face and I'm
like wow so I've been trying to have
like a little bit of a lazy morning but
I'm starving now I'm hoping Brian will
take me to lunch some day um I'm
actually once again craving my Olive
Garden dozen a nice hot soup sound
perfect when you have a sore throat like
soup from Olive Garden with bread and oh
my garment he's all about football today
he's gonna need he's gonna need a park
run huh I just want to go play mom was
that it yeah I wonder if you can see
that in the camera it's like I'm so
focused I need to close an eye there are
like little tremors yeah but they're
there I felt really big ones
you felt your if you put your hand on it
what did you eat nothing he's starving
Brian starving okay and we're craving
Olive Garden don't even pull the whole
alleys craving Olive Garden he wants all
live for garden Olive Garden it's in his
name we're doomed
what are you labeling him Oliver okay
well what do you want to call it it's
not like that name I don't know why
don't you like that name
two head one he's gonna have one head
we're holding I hope he only has one
head so I just wanted to say yay for
burning the crap out of my hair now it's
straight I'm so thankful for
straighteners because I don't know if
any type of product could possibly calm
my hair down enough to where I could
actually cope with it so we are at
jo-ann fabrics because missy is gonna
make some curtains for the baby's area
and we want to match everything so she's
gonna be making bedding and curtains and
maybe like a pillow - well yeah this
just it's a lot of oh yeah I'm kind of
freaking me out with you like no it's
only a couple things I think yeah I have
to make like a nice fetid like a quilted
pillow like blanket I think we should do
that like the bubble quilt things yeah
they're really cool so now we get to go
through all of this so we are now where
are we
bye bye baby we're at bye bye bye baby
we got stuck here and we're looking at
cribs and bedding so the lady who is
helping us went to go back to make sure
they have the crib because we might
actually be getting it so it's just hard
looking at bedding because we don't know
what we're gonna do Minnie okay we don't
have any many options yeah many options
for anything yeah just sheets you
basically get four colors that's why we
wanted to do by the mini crib sheets and
then make the bedding based off that you
get four options pink yellow yeah that's
your position this is a co-sleeper it
sits right next to the bed so we can put
the baby in and then you could just
those first few months very ugly though
don't you think like this style again
it looks cheap and ugly yeah they all
look like this it's my name this is my
nursery you guys really want to get in
my crib what
mmm-hmm no not
well I keep sneezing and coughing
do you tell me earlier today you peed
yourself well I just a little bit but I
had to cop really hard and it was early
in the morning you know it's like have
you paid there's out just a little bit
lows we're trying to figure out blinds
for the baby's room because I kind of
gave up on my baby on the crib we really
want to get it we just aren't 100% and I
don't know if it's me now or if it's
Brian because I was having a hard time I
was trying to work through the you know
all the decisions I had to made and then
G starts going on I'm not he's not sure
now so I don't know now we decided to
give up and now we're getting a little
snackaroo at Lowe's which always has the
best ball go I don't put any mustard
right here so you could have a bite I
definitely want a bite not gonna be easy
yeah oh good
and this is super good to look at these
shades were getting you guys they're
cool you just push the button and it
goes up I think we're getting this color
super convenient though you know your
dad when you get excited about shades
okay so we just spot lines and I'm
really really excited for some reason
but I was like oh I wonder what you need
so I'm reading the box and it's like we
need a screwdriver or drill everything
else included and then Missy says this
out loud I'm not even kidding
what do you say Missy the screwdriver is
the handheld one right that's like
something right out of newlyweds like
Jessica Simpson would say I think I get
those confused like a screwdriver
whenever someone says screwdriver I
think they mean like that
like that's called a drill oh my God my
wife ladies and gentlemen Brian is
putting together our drapes right now
but karma was sitting right here and I
gave him a hug and he started crying cuz
he saw I don't know if this hurt him
somehow but now he's totally freaked a
bit as karma he's scared of the wine
yeah he's like what uh what is it I
think it hurt him cuz I was hugging him
and then he must have like stepped on or
something he was oh heat when he knows
why we're vlogging and we say his name
he thinks he should get a treat because
he's like if you want them to think
you're a good mommy you have to give me
a tree and he's walking around the house
with one of these in his mouth he's just
walking around them he literally thinks
they're his toys want karma we're gonna
have a problem when Oliver starts
playing with toys and Karma's like uh I
want to play with Don Brian just put up
our drapes or I'm sorry doing how it
drapes blinds so is what it looks like
now have you seen this time please push
that button
yeah well you don't the push him up that
birdie and it's got um a gardening ah
yeah well so it actually repels the heat
for like this you guys three outfit or
no for outfit changes later and this is
what you chose she's something a little
bit nicer cuz we're going to dinner I
want to be comfortable so just a lot of
work
thank you nice me are you gonna turn
over me are you going to get over oh
yeah I need to do that huh
I socket draw I'm going mean out which I
think I suck at this is basically how we
drive and hang on hang on let me over
can I get over please oh I was gonna
pull out in front of a car oh my god oh
yeah that's what I'm sorry that's
happening it's okay okay it didn't
happen it's okay is king go into the
next one or you could actually keep
going to the next big
you know
okay okay anyways I started vlogging
because I was gonna tell you something
but I just thought you know miss will
keep vlogging this is my life when we
drive the thing is is that he's I guess
he's gonna driving I don't know I think
you're good at driving I would say I'm a
good driver yeah I don't like to drive
but let's just say I don't like to drive
but I'm really good with directions yeah
she's really good at telling people how
to drive yeah I'm really good with
directions like I know how to get
anywhere I like at any time no matter
what no keep going
but I'm also I often forget to tell
people when to turn so it's usually last
minute and then we get into this
predicament where he has to or she tells
me something and she leaves out the most
important place actually we had an
incident um earlier my sister I was on
the phone of my mom and my sister says
tell her don't forget the Bisquick and
so I told my mom forget the Bisquick oh
then I hung up and my sitting no don't
forget the Bisquick that's just how I do
it yes anyways don't turn here either
okay well now we're just we're done woah
alright so anyways I finally convinced
Brian to go to Olive Garden three
unknowns
very um yeah I've been I know I've got
like three times in last week but it's
all you do get a soup which is fine I
hit soup and I get my salad turn left I
get my soup I get my salad and
breadsticks which I absolutely love
bread if you don't know that
and so I know this is just a pregnancy
thing like I get I start on something
and then oh my gosh it just sounds so
amazing and I wish I didn't have it
every day I wish there was a simpler way
that I could just literally order like
just a soup to go like a Panera Bread
like I just get your soup to go but I
don't like any other soup like this is
the first super I've ever found that I
like actually like I mean I have to pick
around the the carrots and the spinach
and stuff but it's just so good I had so
much flavor just you know I'm putting
all of that in the vlog unedited so that
you guys can see how we were just
talking about today is it whatever you
get the camera you didn't start talking
until you're literally about the out of
breath and about the pass out that's
just what they do that yes I don't think
it's because of that our turn
Whoopi Jessica's got a knife in it yeah
I don't I don't I don't know if I always
do that though I just I have a plug that
goes so it might be the problem okay
but I do tell you why I just have a lot
to say and I want to get it all out oh
my gosh phone was Tommy about macaroni
girl a phasing it's better than all
garden did they have chicken nephew soup
probably everyone wants to go when it's
my she says they have the best amazing
bread ever
elderly yeah
I really need to build up my blogging
muscles like when I served watch so I
literally just logged until the camera
Debbie yeah we had just had to put a new
battery in which I'm now carrying
because Missy likes to vlog for 10
minutes at a time all right I admit it
I'm I've logged a lot Ryan's gonna try
and eat this pepper I have no idea what
kind of pepper it is let's see it's like
green it comes in the yeah it comes in
all yours out so yep I don't meet that
person's weird good you need to hold it
yeah losing to be the whole thing hey
ready
oh my god
by eating it
is it good I was not good oh the tail
it's like really juicy like I've been
into it it like exploded all in my mouth
oh is it like deep breath is it spicy
yeah it's spicy water it's spicy and it
doesn't taste good the taste isn't good
and we're I like spicy that's crazy so
study we are just now leaving dinner and
they had the most amazing deal it was
like for $12 you eat dinner and then
they give you a dinner to go but they
also had smoked mozzarella chicken on
there which they only do like very very
limited and it's my favorite thing so I
ate barely even half of it did you hear
that burp that was you I paid I barely
ate even half of it and then I have
another one to go so I'm pretty much
gonna be eating smoked mozzarella
chicken for days and now I get no key
soup for lunch tomorrow yay I will say
the lady totally gypped us on the
chocolates she was going to give us two
okay and then the table next to us they
weren't there so she was like oh the
table next to you wasn't there so you
get extra two extra are you kidding me
they give us like a handful every single
time this lady's acting like we take
chocolate from her own personal stash or
something I feel so stupid
I looked up the Scoville units of that
pepper which the waitress told us was a
pepper genie Scoville units were like 1
2 5 100 to 500 right and jalapenos are
like 5,000 to 8,000 it felt really high
I don't know if it was the flavor I'm
just not used to that flavor and it was
so juicy and like yeah needs to say I
felt like a little baby hey guys so we
are home now and I've actually been
putting together the chalkboards we made
this one for a little Ali's nursery to
hang on the wall and then we made this
one especially for you guys
to win for a giveaway so this is going
to be the giveaway portion of today's
daily and we wanted to just do this
because you know we just passed 3000
subscribers on our daily vlog which is
really really awesome and we just wanted
a really cool way to get back to you
guys because you guys are awesome you
know and when we wanted to do a daily
vlog it was really just to sort of like
look back and see what we had done on
certain days and stuff and then it's
sort of already grown into like this
little community of bumpers and you guys
have sort of filled that and you've sort
of shaped it and so we wanted to get
back to you guys so you always see us on
our big chalkboard which hangs above our
bed so we thought it'd be cool to give
you your own like miniature version and
so it looks very similar to ours yeah
it's very a little bit different but
tiny bit different pretty similar but
very like classy looking you can hang it
up portrait you can hang it up landscape
you can write a to-do list on it you can
write little notes to your significant
other um you can draw pictures on it
yeah so it's very very cool and so we
just wanted to give this to you guys for
a giveaway and we're going to make the
giveaway super simple to do so all you
got to do is like this video make sure
that you are subscribed to the daily
bumps channel and then every day for the
next five days we're going to ask you a
question in the vlog and all you have to
do is leave your answer in a comment
below to enter and we're only going to
be looking at comments that are eligible
to enter until the next daily vlog is up
so when you guys see this vlog until the
next day's vlog is uploaded you still
have a chance to leave a comment and
enter in your submission for the
giveaway which will be random draw and
it will be open internationally we
understand that it would probably be
super expensive to ship internationally
but we're going to do it we don't feel
it's right to exclude you guys just
because you live in a different part of
the country and I think it's awesome
that you guys live like super far away
and you watch this over here in the
states so we have so many people that
follow us around the world we can't not
include you guys yeah I mean people at
Australia and
in Germany and Austria in Tokyo in yeah
it's insane so you guys are eligible so
feel free to leave your comments as well
okay today's question you saw we went
out to eat at all of garden today
because that's like one of them sees
favorite places right now so today's
question is what is your favorite
restaurant to eat out with your family
so leave your answer in the comments
below
you have until tomorrow's daily is
uploaded to leave your comments and then
we're not accepting any more comments on
the video anyone entry per person one
entry per person and you have five days
answer so it's five chances to win
that's our giveaway that's what we
wanted to do for you guys you know we
didn't really want to make this
intrusive we just really wanted to have
fun with you guys and and get to read
you know all day about you guys because
this isn't just like a one-way street
the two-way street yeah it's a two-way
street so um you guys care about us and
we care about you so that's what we
wanted to do this little fun side no
this is the same talk board that we did
the name irvil video when we told
everyone that our baby boy's name was
Oliver
so that's regal and so is this little
section that we pulled out yep
kind of getting like a little piece of
history into history little piece Oliver
yeah so feel free to put your answer in
the comments you guys like this video
make sure you're subscribed to our
Channel it's late so we are gonna head
to bed but thank you guys for watching
and we will see you tomorrow I'm a
little late awake so basically our
anniversary and then it shows our little
baby pictures so this is Bryan and he
was a baby
and on the other side on the other side
that to me maybe I was four years old I
can be holding up three fingers I think
I changed it all yeah
