this is a cool water bottle Missy you
can totally just use this casually you
know you're at the gym you just ran five
miles you got a nice water bottle
refreshing
good morning bumpers today I've got two
first I need to put something in my
belly because I do not feel very well
but I'm all ready for the day and I'm
actually headed to my offices where I
work someone actually said in the
comments below
you're like oh I guess Brian doesn't
work actually I do work and home I'm
actually pretty blessed though because
the majority of my hours are all at home
so I'm able to do a lot of work on the
computer but today I got to run into the
office a little meeting and then I'm
running by Missy's work karma don't do
that come on No don't do that
come here come on there's good morning
Robin who's room morning nothing home hi
boy no swing by Missy's office and bring
her some lunch because she's not she's
starving she's not very happy pregnant
and starving do not mix let me tell you
guys today I am driving good old blue
this is um Missy's car but she has a lot
more comfortable in my car my car's just
newer you know Oh
my car's just newer and it's more
comfortable has better a/c so she's been
taking my car um but actually I'm pretty
sure to that yeah her registration is
expired so that's great just expired so
hopefully if I get pulled over the cop
will just be nice
she also left me with a nice empty tank
of gas
just got to Missy's work and I brought
her all alone
I got you food look I got cookie yeah
pretty much music nice he pulled out of
the back she's like oh there's a cookie
in here all right wha-hoo bah I didn't
buy that but the receipt was there I
left the oven yeah there's a really good
cooking earlier and I literally hear
somebody in that room it's freaking
scary I was just like I have peppers
right here and I was just like it is
really scary so like but there's not
anything that's like an intruder like it
just
it's creepy this this ah this office is
really old too like everything makes
sounds and moves and the wind blows and
it sounds like it's gonna come crashing
down I often have to get under my desk
just in case I like grab my phone get
under good I'm trapped and then here's
the kitchen fridge is loaded up with
spaghetti leftovers and diet soda since
Missy has no strong abled muscled men
around her office like me I got to
change her water out it's how heavy is
that
like 20 pounds she wasn't a thousand not
going out stuck
dang it Missy stop no I wasn't here for
the Oh huh you did it not cool
oh that's cool and fancy magic trick
water is it heavy yeah would you not
suggest I do it no no I think it he's
about 40 50 pounds hey it seems really
heavy and hairy
thank you that was awesome
the guys had money oh I know you're
pregnant but you could do it it's only
like 20 he told you that
ah no didn't get so he's I just just
don't lift with your back I was like my
when my when my mom was pregnant with me
six months pregnant she moved and she
lifted up so many boxes that I was but I
was born with a hernia
so what are you gonna do with this water
miss this is a cool water bottle Missy
you could totally just use this casually
you know you're at the gym you just ran
five miles you got a nice water bottle
refreshing and you get an arm workout at
the same time actually my arm is effing
sore right now guess what Brett what
it's actually Wednesday hey now I'm
stupid okay we're home Brian was so nice
and stayed the whole time with me after
he brought me lunch and Cara here I go
oh my boy are you happy now and when I
woke up this morning he was kind of like
depressed like I caught him licking the
trashcan here he was he was just
starting like really sad like he kind of
like laid on me and he didn't like do is
normal like happy I'm awake smiling by
the way he smiles huh
what he smile seemed like sad and so I
think he needs a park run I have been
feverishly checking the mail
ever since I ordered that helicopter cuz
I wanted to be
let's see what we got
no no no box girl is crap Mel you yet
it's ridiculous
ooh leader schnitzel taking part me to
the park but I couldn't find his halter
so I had to get one I'd use a different
one
but it's actually Nina's horrible look
it fits him I look how good is being
sung as I see I'm good in the car so
we're trying out now a new park because
that other part gave him bloody feet and
the other part gives him a stinky coat
so hopefully this one will do more
they're so nice it's for the fancy dogs
yeah it's got like nice gates and trees
and if you want me to do it we've been
here for like less than five minutes and
he's already like that like he's just
done exhausted their shoes I'm excuse me
could I have I'm good now Clara went
away on it she wanted he only likes it
when I push the button the hearing in it
don't play with it
you see got stuck being the official
water giver for the dogs now so cute hi
Mimi oh my god you're so soft and cute
you don't think you like who is that
karma look at this huge dog Karma's
usually really intimidated by it it
sounds okay
well I got him Gallup he's literally
like a horse
Oh karma I was weird karma got thirsty
on the way back to the car I got
somebody hey that's a fun game loves it
what's a marker so cute you got it you
can't even wait we're no longer in the
dog parks we don't have like one that's
down there so she's just like a human so
we are packaged today from Texas the
world needs more people like you
oh yeah and this is from Audrey Audrey
you brought us this super cute litter
but on the back she has a message from
her dog named - its - karma
it says us four dogs are many - Jones
but we think you are pretty cool even if
you aren't doxy like that Oh karma they
think you're cool boy well no for you
and I cute dragon fight short fight wow
that's really cool I wonder if it is it
with the chucker yeah wonder if it like
goes further
that's so cool wings I know that's
really cool and some breath mints cuz
you really eat those right now honk arms
yeah Eric okay I'll do it I'll get home
whoo some dibs
the doggy that says I'm so handsome
we've got doggie bibs thank heavens for
grandmas afib oh my that's a la I know
hi I'm new here we were just looking at
one actually they did so that we're like
wow that's so cool that's funny okay
auntie's backstage pass you
it's hard I want to be rocked
a little onesie that says mommy's prince
charming cute
my dad is my best buddy cute hard change
my bootys is it legal to carry guns this
big thank you so much Audrey these are
so cool I love them all he's all expose
us I'm going through the comments on
today's vlog and a lot of people are
kind of bummed that we kind of missed
epic comment Wednesday well I'm gonna
kind of get a make up for it I don't
know I was thinking maybe we'll I mean I
feel like maybe a just ran its course I
don't know I love doing it so I thought
maybe every other day every other day if
we can just shout you guys out and
respond to comments in the blocks like
regularly so we're gonna do that what's
up I mean there are no rules we got a
really cool comment today from Irish
Wells and they said I had a terrible day
today and coming home to watch a vlog
made it so much better
that's so cool and I'm honestly like
that's one of the big reasons like why
we do it like when we hear you guys tell
us things like that it's so cool I've
got another comment from the maxis says
new subscriber here or maybe bumper
really cute family stay blessed
thank you the maxis um yes you are
indeed now a bumper when you join the
daily bum family you have become a
bumper and speaking of bumpers I have
been getting so many awesome videos
today is the last day that you can send
them in or actually yesterday was
because you're watching this next day so
if you guys have set any after midnight
I cannot guarantee that they're gonna be
in the montage but I'm trying my hardest
I'm getting lots of lots of stuff I just
wanted to make a little announcement we
are almost at 5,000 subscribers let's
see where we're at I'm gonna go to it
right now we are at four thousand nine
hundred and fifty eight subscribers at
the time that I'm filming less this is
Wednesday at 7:30 so I mean you can go
see how many we have now but as soon as
we pass five thousand subscribers then
I'm going to throw up the video with the
really cool montage the beginning and
end premiere the brand new intro I put
together a new intro for you guys and
it's a little bit different it's a
little cleaner a little bit nicer it's
got some some surprises for you guys by
keeping an eye on it because I don't
think it's going to be in this vlog it
might be in
next one though it might actually when I
wake up tomorrow it might it might be
there that'd be cool if it's not share
us with your friends throw our YouTube
page on your Facebook or your Twitter
and be like yo watch these guys make
fools of themselves it's pretty much
what we do we had dinner tonight we had
beef stroganoff and corn on the cob and
I had something really funny popped in
my head when I was eating dinner and I
might have told you this story Missy but
I'm not sure my grandma she used to have
a boyfriend yeah she had a boyfriend she
also rode a motorcycle she was pretty
cool lady but um she had a boyfriend
named Louie and he was Mexican I don't
know if that's vital to this story but
when he ate corn on the cob he actually
ate it one line at a time
have I told you that I'm not even
kidding he would eat one line out of
time it was the cleanest cob ever and it
was crazy and I still remember that like
from when I was little I think I was
like five I don't know and the funny
thing is he had dentures and he ate one
line like one straight like it was
perfect it was so weird and that crazy
with dentures
maybe yeah that's what we had for dinner
we had beef stroganoff would you guys
have for dinner leave it on the comments
maybe it will inspire us don't what you
guys have I have the last skinny cow
there's no more skinny cows left and
Missy is making cookie dough how many
times you made cookie dough this week
Missy not four
I at least four yeah well I'm trying to
figure out okay that's a face the egg
thing that I usually oh my gosh yeah we
got a blow to the gut today they no
longer sell them at least at my store
and Albertsons actually told her they're
discontinued when temperature is a big
fat lie I don't know that's sure yes
really in second and that was the only
way Missy really likes a cookie I was
with the real egg she doesn't know I
like the substitution time I try it it's
just
the same not the right texture is just
not the same
Missy rolled her chocolate chip cookie
dough up into little tiny balls that we
don't have to like make it every single
night it actually may be borderline
obsessed give me a couple like tries but
I won me over
are they good do I come these are my
favorite that I've made good job so if
you want to know I do the exact same
recipe as a normal one but I did three
tablespoons of oil well instead of eggs
yeah you can't have why anybody looking
Cheerios okay we got a little bow tie or
so much fun did it your way I'm Brian
and this is bellybutton watch we're
pretty sure that in certain lighting it
looks like it as pop hosters come on I
can see it see you can definitely tell
right now see it's got a little nudge
got a little mark Carlo mark and then it
is protruding so yeah okay don't do that
Missy you're gonna poop your pants she's
going crazy you guys anyway I'm gonna
end the vlog I hope you guys had a good
day I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog and
we will show you tomorrow Missy's saying
bye she's all she took a shower and so
she's all very not for camera so I'll
just you don't want to see that I'm just
kidding she's she's beautiful but she
would prefer me not to show my camera
don't let your mind wander guys I'm
watching you anyway we'll see you
tomorrow good bye alright so this is the
elephant
cute it's probably at least three
surfaces yeah yeah and basically when
Brian's dad passed away this always runs
in her house she's obsessed with safari
yeah like kids Iraq and elephants and
stuff like that and so Brian
