it's like every Wednesday I feel like
every Wednesday we don't do anything
Oh
they're having a boy day hey bumpers so
I woke up this morning and my whole body
was just so sore I think my muscles were
sore from the actual like like walking
and be just being at the golf course but
my arms and my legs were also like my
skin hurts obviously because I got a
sunburn I got a major summer but I woke
up and the aloe vera actually turned
most of my sunburn into a tan I mean it
happened pretty fast but a lot less
redness this morning and mostly just
brown it's turning brown so I'm getting
a nice tan but still I think the only
part I did about aloe vera on was the
back of my neck and so I just did that
and that's probably the only part that's
really hurting me the most especially
because the collar of my shirt like rubs
against it but Missy's not gonna be too
happy to see how tan I am because she
doesn't tan at all like yeah look how
look how tan I am now like crazy and
Missy's super white so she's probably
not gonna be too happy to see that I'm
tan but I've just been trying to take it
easy and relax like my muscles and stuff
I'm working on some graphic work for
work and waiting for Missy to get here I
just got off and Karma's being very
naughty today he's actually he's in the
corner he's in trouble
he won't stop Berkey just like literally
he's walking here on the husband back
he's mostly frustrated cuz I think his
balls in a corner or something but it's
just annoying and he's kind of being bad
homeboy nope you just stay there anyways
um today is gonna be super exciting I'm
going to organize the kitchen so
exciting yeah it's not gonna be that
much fun but I've been meaning to kind
of get it in order we have like a lot
obviously there's a lot of people in
this house and a lot of food has to
you know beheld in our little tiny
kitchen and it gets crowded really
easily and so we got to find a way to
get things a little bit more organized
it's just really hard to like look
through so much food and trying to
figure out what's good still and bad and
all that so that should be exciting so I
think we have a problem when it comes to
breakfast foods I'm going to show you
all the boxes of cereal that we're
hiding in that we've had that no one
eats okay here we go yeah that's always
cereal we have that's ridiculous just
keep getting cereal and like it goes bad
and then we don't want that kind and so
yeah we have a problem
Missy's going crazy yeah we have a pot
of bread and a lot of potatoes and a lot
of pasta yeah we love carbs we have a
tire an entire shelf thing now devoted
to pasta I really like everything's all
organized now I'm not gonna know where
anything is all the desserts oh we have
a dessert show corn bread brownies
chocolate tips for winners right me go
get you chocolate tips days ago and we
had flour and there's an entire flower
back here there's two flowers now that's
regular sugar brown sugar and powdered
sugar all back there this is funny I
can't believe you organized all that
hard to find food we have so much food
but yet we can never find anything to
eat because it's not like yeah that's
true well I want dinner what are we
making for breakfast
that's all breakfast why is there
suddenly salad in the breakfast oh yeah
I don't know I think I couldn't figure
out what put that you eat that bread eat
what yeah I don't know what it is but I
am
so exhausted today it's like every
Wednesday I feel like every Wednesday we
don't do anything oh yeah Tuesday every
Tuesday we don't do anything I'm so
hungry
so I'm eating applesauce and I'm trying
to decide what we're gonna make for
dinner but Missy's not cooperating you
see what do you want for dinner we don't
have any food right look what I made
pasta salad I don't know what well Missy
was cleaning and she found pasta salad
and she's like are you gonna eat this
and I was like yeah I am and then I made
it to prove to her but I'm gonna put
some mozzarella cheese on it
cheese ch easy
that's the lolcat version of cheese if
you don't know lolcat cheese the cheese
which is a if you want some of this mess
looks good cheese a cheese HS a so it
always seems like we're like we get
addicted to like brand new apps and
today we've been playing this app called
letterpress that was called yeah yeah
and basically it's like oh it's like a
simple word game but miss he's always
like oh I still I'm trying to figure out
the the game yet she wins every single
game every single game she wins and I
don't get it
Greek you played the word Greek yeah
whatever I just I suck at word games and
Missy is really good at it I'm just
really good like I try and learn every
little thing about it and I beat the
crap out of it you obsess over it yeah
pretty much
hi oh he wants the ball Oh for what he
was just barking so loud it's like this
screeching bar got that yeah like that
it's just cuz he really wanted someone
to play with him and so I put him in the
corner well well well
oh they got me something to drink I told
her I wanted extra ice and this is what
she gave me you said it like three times
I just wanted extra III don't want
overflow
oh yeah making a mess that's Karma for
you ha karma no Karma's gonna get you in
the butt ha I do not like that kind of
house ass karma there yes oh hi Karma hi
this is freaking you out in the kitchen
hi just showing them that you're kind of
freaking out in case you guys are
wondering yes
this is a couch in the middle of our
kitchen oh yeah I think it's time that
we address the elephant in the room
literally literally the elephant in the
room all right so this is the elephant
it is huge it's probably at least three
foot by three foot right yeah yeah and
basically when Bryan's ground passed
away this always hung in her house she
was obsessed with Safari stuff yeah like
she had giraffes and elephants and stuff
like that and so Bryan got it for some
reason and so we decided we did well he
was actually going to stick that in our
bedroom and I was like no that's not
gonna happen
the only place we could think of to put
it was in the kitchen so yes there's
just a random elephant it's not real
someone asked if it was real he looks
real I mean he's got his eyes look so
real and if you're wondering yes that is
a peanut on his nose we did put that
there
Larry seeing a of the peanut the yellow
cat his eyeballs his eyeballs look like
real real elephant eyeballs and he is
scary at night man when you walk in here
and he's looking at you you feel you're
supposed to like bow down to him or
something scary but we've all gotten
used to it but I'm sure people
I put it up without them knowing do I
just kind of like I just gonna put it
here so I really didn't want to put it
in my bedroom so I had to find a spot
for when people see it they're like wait
is there an elephant in their kitchen
yep my dad has a weird obsession with
buying things on eBay
like random things and you recently
purchased this 10-foot long charging
cord on eBay
probably for like three dollars or
something and I was like that's stupid
but guess what today I needed it because
I wanted to sit on the couch but it's
but I don't want to sit over there so I
have it plugged in and I can play with
it plugged in so cool I guess his
obsession is kind of cool sometimes for
those of you who say we don't eat real
mashed potatoes we do this is proof and
for those of you who wonder why we don't
all the time it's because this takes
like 30 minutes but look how white they
are I was just saying that these mashed
potatoes actually look way too white
they're too white no I think they're too
creamy hey guys I know today was kind of
a boring day I guess it's just how it
goes sometimes but we're just gonna end
the vlog he fell asleep I did want to
say that today is the last day to submit
your videos for more information you can
see the description below
today's the last day I will be expecting
them so I'm expecting a lot to come in
tonight and then you're gonna see a
really cool compilation of all of them
together and I'm actually gonna do it on
the same video that I'm going to show
off a new intro for the vlog as well so
that'll be really cool you guys will see
all your clips and messages and then
you'll get to see our new intro as well
so that should be really really exciting
I've got some cool stuff in the works
for you guys everyone sleep into it even
karma we are really close to being done
with friends
we flew through all 10 seasons but we
are on the last season so let us know
what episode we're watching now you guys
have never got one wrong so you guys all
Rock
but um anyway I'm gonna say goodnight
I'm sorry if this vlog was born we kind
of just had a pretty easy day sometimes
usually that I've been once in a while
I'm sure you guys understand I would
thank you guys for watching and we will
see you tomorrow Peppard
you see was awake she'd say goodbye
all right that's how we do
