for that almost hit them in the water
again
having a birthday good morning pumpers I
am headed off to play golf for the first
time in my life I've never played golf
I've never really had an urge to play
golf up we're gonna see what happens um
maybe I'm like secretly really really
good at it I doubt that um but it is a
beautiful day like always perfect day
for golfing check out our ride guys
Big Pimpin spinergy no I'm saying okay
try oh this is really happening guys all
Ryan does not know how to drive okay
that's the guest yes all right
about to have my first ball I'm very
nervous to the green is 340 so with 340
yards from the green the par 4 yeah mark
1 I've like got four shot
dude I'm gonna get like Tammy record
you're doing it okay
this is Brian's first shot ever
ooh I'm almost certain that I hit it in
that water like I doing really better
than I thought he would you being a
first-time golfer as he approaches the
ball and he hits not very good at this
see how John does
see got me all nervous camera rolling
we're playing with this guy who's like
mr. Tiger Woods that was I cannot see it
is it it win the war sorry bro I'm not
gonna do much better
sorry just move forward a little bit
more that almost hit him Tiger Woods I
really want to be really good at this
but I actually like therapeutic you know
it's quiet feels good and he's in place
for a long time now
all right well I thought I'd do better
on this one but it actually went over
here so I generally tell him that you
were over there first but you hit okay I
did hit it nicely over here and then I
hit it way too hard and went over here
and I was like I'm done time without
he's gonna end up in there not only do
you have to hit the ball correctly but
you got to keep it out of these things
so that's good it was all right
just missed it
oh that was close oh boy I'll just cut
all this out oh look at that oh that was
good hit I think you found your little
nits there Brian did I do it yeah cuz
all I started doing was turning my body
more and turning the club in in it it's
all it takes
awesome I am killing it on that hole I
just popped it out of that sand right
there - happy gilmore it you coulda ran
happy gilmore would just grab on a late
lunch with John and we had a very busy
day golfing we didn't play all the holes
I think we missed like two or three
holes
yeah at 17 so we miss like the last
three holes it was kind of home sweet
home
oh is it really only 18 oh I didn't ask
but uh we did really good and now we're
having a late lunch just a little
sandwich and look at this waffle fries I
didn't know they'll walk that's about
the plus plus Missy's been walking
around with her shirt like this all day
you see that pot yeah showing up the
bump so I'm making guacamole what do you
think I need
I put pepper do you need chili powder I
may have started something like got like
one bite and it was gone yeah I did not
last long you guys okay
look at my pregnant wife right now
somebody likes the guacamole our boy is
gonna love Mexican food you know that
yep this is so I need to Instagram this
my god you're going to jack-in-the-box
to get Brian a smoothie but we ran to
the post office and picked up some
packages and so I'm gonna open one right
now say anything we don't even know who
it's from really well it's from someone
on Brittany uh-huh in Iowa cool looks
like it's an Etsy shop maybe uh-huh but
it's all I came with stickers they're
cool designs like one week two week
three week just born but what do you use
them on they feel totally oblivious
yeah well Brittany you off to email us
and let us know I mean yeah if you're
the Brittany that sent us these from
Etsy they're these cool little sticker
design things what do we use them for
those are super cute but I really like
to know what they use him for so
definitely let us know because maybe
there's new stickers that he wears when
he's one week yeah maybe so they're cute
I like I'm they're definitely matches
themes
that's cool this is my favorite thing at
jack-in-the-box it's just a banana mango
smoothie but if you can't make it at
home
jack-in-the-box I found is the best
place to get them and I don't know if
you guys notice but I have the air
conditioning on like super high because
I pretty much got cooked today yeah I
like I'm like medium rare I'm actually
sort of medium actually yeah and you're
actually really warm to his song got his
eyes are all like yeah pretty much fried
of the crap out of my body today we
should all wear sunscreen I don't know
why I did it karma is there something in
there for you
he's been sniffing and biting this box
it says Missy Brian Aly and karma from
ELISA and she's from stuff Carolina oh
wait no sorry
she's from Delaware oh there's her
family
James Alyssa Elena Diggy and Fifi all
other doggies so cute oh my gosh she's
beautiful
good those guys yeah oh my gosh that is
so funny oh my god it's so good oh my
god is so cool you're like in cartoon oh
my gosh that's so cool
good job whoever designed that did
pretty good yeah although come on I mean
looks really that big they are I fell
out ah I think these were actually on my
registry there's three months and they
have little crabs and boats on them Oh
something outta here
Oh No delicious these look like
something I would eat something right
here
how does smell like real most other
cookies ooh definitely have to try those
later
yeah want it wow that's awesome I would
like to know what these are if you can
can you you wait PS you gotta share one
with Nina oh look at actually Nina's
already here she's so dainty thank you
thank you guys I was awesome I can't
believe someone actually read it I are
designed okay there's a bone I would
love to know how you made these cuz I
might want to make these cuz they look
really interesting this is from the I
think it's time family or kids family in
South Carolina he just eats everything
hey now he's like these clothes will not
fit me here Missy and Brian I really
hope you like the gifts Robert Jennifer
destiny 5 amber 3 and Robert 14 months
Oh 14 months a hooded towel oh cool this
is a nice one huh Tigers and Stripes and
Captain SS QT ha ha Co shirt sir oh and
a monkey romper oh my gosh that's cute
it's gotta be newborn yeah let's hang
out oh my gosh oh the same ones but
these are newborn and the other ones are
three months oh that's so cool I mean
yeah so now he has a set in newborn in
three months so he'll grow into it it's
so funny though our bumpers think alike
you guys are cool
thank you guys that's super awesome as
soon as we get the armor back coming
yeah I can't wait till we get the
armoire we start stuffing it yeah it's
still being work done
oh we actually Google because we are
really curious about these because this
is so cool like it's such a cool design
about we I actually Google of the uh-huh
okay it goes okay I actually googled the
Etsy shop and I found out that they're
just these really cool stickers and you
put them on the baby and then you can
take a picture of them you know so like
these are we really
for Instagram so like we yeah one week
old or one month old you can just like
pop it right on whatever alpha he's
using and then all looks the same
you know that's cool it's his little
theme - yeah yeah and it actually goes
one two three weeks and then all the way
from one month to 12 months cool yeah
that's really cool that'll be fun to use
when we take pictures of them and stuff
after we opened up our packages he
passed out he's been like this for like
an hour
that sunburn Ryan you should wake up you
had a nice nap Ryan Garko million you
here to wake him up oh yeah kind of
playing a little ball with his gun okay
he doesn't like the ball so he drops it
as soon as he gets it but then you've
never gonna drop it
yeah you really like this ball so he
won't drop it ever it's just way yummier
you think I'm your ball drop it and then
you get this one Oh didn't even want
that one go eat your ball someone
commented and said that you don't have
that line right here would you have had
it by now still get it oh I felt that
you move so much no I love feeling it
he's gonna be a boxer or something in
the morning it's like when I'm sitting
at my desk in the morning it's like
crazy like I'll just watch him like
poking constantly other day in the store
Missy was like scratching her belly or
something and so she had her shirt up
and then she forgot about it
she was fluff to write so funny okay so
we are getting ready for bed
brian is burnt to a crisp he looks like
a lobster be worse but that is I know I
was showing it early on the boy actually
oh wow when you are sleeping at you look
so away but yeah so he's been using like
aloe vera and yes like bear army but it
makes you all stiff like when it guys
so using aloe vera and like just a cold
fan and like wet washcloth and stuff
nobody works tomorrow those like it
takes like a full like 12 hours to like
really hate you wash and weaving in so
many cool videos um the bumper videos
that we asked you to make of you know
your children or dogs or anyone you know
laughing and having fun to our videos
they're coming in you're getting so many
and they're so cute I think the deadline
is gonna be Wednesday for that so please
get them in if you can because we really
want to get that video out soon I did
want to clarify too that the way I'm
gonna set up the video is I'm gonna make
a really cool compilation of all these
videos and then put it before another
daily vlog okay so I hoped you enjoyed
the vlog I'm excited to see it because
the cool thing about vlogging is you can
always figure out what your husband was
doing earlier that day so I can I get to
see everything you did which should be
fun I hope he had fun but I wish I would
have gone well I couldn't because I was
working but I always like being able to
like see what he did when I wasn't home
anyways I hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
we will see you guys tomorrow bye
okay I know you can do it up a little
now open your eyes
head up a little you ready I've never
taught anything
oh are you just throwing
