seriously though I think I think that's
the biggest I've seen it so far probably
because I'm getting bigger
oh yeah every day is the biggest I've
seen it I guess okay I'm gonna go
Oh
having a boy named good morning everyone
it is a happy Easter morning for us and
we're getting ready to go to a movie
Brian's doing his hair which is always
very strange to watch them do this just
easier than taking a shower sticks his
head under the faucet and then he just
rubs it it just sort of like refreshes
my hair and I can actually like do
something yeah I guess I understand it's
not like on honey boo boo where they're
like wash and condition their hair yeah
- he's just getting wet but why don't
you just use like a spray bottle or
something cuz I'll get water everywhere
I'm sure that I'm not the only one who
do it if you guys do that put it in the
comments it's very useful he's got it on
to the new a spot where he put stuff
kind of inconvenient huh no it's a
little inconvenient little more than
right here but it's better okay
oh I was I was actually just looking at
Instagram last night and jofi tweeted a
picture of him and a hairdryer mm-hmm he
said real men use hair dryers
look at that beautiful bump what is he
what are you eating
your bumps amazing in that this morning
I woke up and they almost at his name
baby boy was kicking like crazy or so
cool and everyone got to feel it
I'm but right now we are headed to the
movies because it's not only Easter but
it is Jimmy which is Missy's brother's
birthday turning the big 2-1 and so
we're just going to go watch a movie and
then maybe go see Missy's grandpa here
so I better stir you guys
happy April Fool's Day it's also April
Fool's Day for you guys you guys don't
know seeing a movie in California is so
expensive it's like $12 for a normal
ticket but if you go before 11 o'clock
like we are this morning it's one of
like 550 Missy's got her socks yes I get
cold with you so I have to wear socks I
can't wear them right now cuz I'm
wearing flip-flops and I don't like to
wear jeans rank am comfortable so I have
to wear leggings and then I will be
taking Brian's jacket she normally
actually brings in a blanket to she
makes herself a home with a blanket
pillow I've got some Carl's jr.
beforehand Catching Fire look at that
that's a sweet reading dress I wonder if
she said yes to that dress hahaha look
at stupid PETA
his White Rose may be curious this is
the movie we saw today the cruise and it
actually had a surprising Easter message
if you really think about it so if you
guys are thinking about going see it
like we're like that's not the kind of
movies you go see but it was actually
really good
it's freaking right out here and you
guys supposed to remind me when I eat my
sunglasses look at this beautiful day
look at that Bella you guys she looks so
pregnant seriously though I think I
think that's the biggest I've seen it so
far
probably getting bigger oh yeah every
day is the biggest I've seen it I guess
not had that big foot in there give her
a little I'd say at least basketball
basketball I don't know we'll have a
baby in August see so Missy does that
every week and then she talks about her
pregnancy
a little intro Happy Easter Jerry she
good to see you
he was worried about Oh pink flower
Easter flower after we show my grandpa
the daily bumps channel and like my
channel he was just like I would if
you're going to watch that and he
doesn't talk like that unless I have
acting like he's reading me but it was
just like he just doesn't know I
actually had to explain it to him I was
like a TV show and he asked me well what
channel oh it's on the internet he's
like oh he did not understand but he
found it interesting and when I told him
you know actually quite a few people
like I think they have a combined total
of about nine thousand subscribers and
he's like oh okay
this is peeing with the door open Missy
come on just cuz there's no one here you
really need to close the door cuz your
mommies I was like hey what's going home
mmm the best part of Olive Garden is
leftovers got my chicken gnocchi soup
some breadsticks and we're watching the
saucony Jolie's which I really like them
here's know those little mints they give
you all garden
I've been stockpiling them in my
mini-fridge so I just woke up I'm like
super groggy and tired but we are headed
to church I'm desperate having a little
snack guacamole and chips I'm still
eating these are so good but Brian is
gonna be doing photos so this is cousin
also does worship at the church so his
wife might be there oh but I was reading
some comments I see a lot of people are
calling you're like saying that I could
be dyslexic not just like sick the
problem is is that one explained is that
I talk sometimes too fast and I'll leave
out a word or I say the wrong word but
it's literate just because I'm my brain
is thinking faster than I can say the
words it's not this life's like I've
never had dyslexia I've never had any
problems with learning anything or like
you have um unless I do have a list it
but it's a very very light list and the
only I hardly ever noticed it yeah no
one else is always like Oh chef oh yeah
and its image literally because I'll try
and show you when I learned how to say
messes sounds weird now I learned that
when I do it I go okay and the reason
why is because well I always thought
that when you like what a snake do they
go
with their tongue owl like yeah so but I
guess that's not how you're supposed to
say essences fails to put your tongue
behind your teeth but I can't do that
Paris s yeah I go and so I go pests and
then say the word escape escape is a
good salamander so I'm gonna see it all
the time now another word that I have a
really hard time saying and this
actually came up a lot during the Q&A as
I can't say the word asks ask them
because my tongue is in the tissue
routine I can't say asked ah can you
just say the word so they know what a
president asked I actually it okay maybe
she's a hard word I asked her I asked
her I asked I don't think we bear down
sir I think we skip over the word asks
how good it actually had it actually has
like a break and I don't know fast ask
us ask thinking about it to asses
I know maybe I am too but I have a hard
time saying certain means words because
my asses go B to my team check us out we
are here now at my church
look at this stage is like we did for
Easter
looks sick it's all like individually
colored chalk I was like a biggest
chalkboard in the world right there
potatoes are rotten YUM
I feel like I've done that a lot today
singing in high-pitched voices four
things that I like girl though we
already had our Easter dinner the
potatoes au gratin didn't finish until
we were basically done eating dinner cuz
apparently they take forever I'm having
myself a heaping portion of such you
know cuz I'm celebrating Jesus when
you're celebrating Jesus calories don't
come I would say that I even I think I
enjoy Easter like the idea of Easter
almost more than Christmas so I hope you
guys all had a really really good Easter
okay you guys
so YouTube totally just got me I was um
just finishing up Missy's Q&A with her
mom and I was running back to her video
manager to check the date for something
and this is what this is what it looks
like okay got this huge gold bar at the
top that says thank you for uploading 59
videos and good luck find out what
happens next so I was like what we've
been nominated for something and then I
click find out what happens next and it
basically just goes this is actually
really good it goes into this video
about how YouTube was a video contest
back in 2005 and they're done accepting
entries as of midnight tonight and then
they're going to vote for 10 years to
find the best video on YouTube and
they're no longer accepting entries
obviously it's an April Fool's joke but
it happened technically to me on March
31st so I I saw it and I freaked out I
was like what what is this by the way
speaking of so I've got one planned for
Missy and she doesn't know it yet
um but tomorrow morning she should be
getting an interesting wake-up call so
do not miss tomorrow's vlog it's gonna
be insane I can say this cuz she's not
going to see this I say put the pink
ones on stone I say put all pink are you
doing this like scientifically ok rate
rows of 7 because he's very scientific
he'd be upset if his
candles were messed up can you believe
Jimmy's 21 no that's insane right
he's like becoming an old man drink now
do it do it yeah now he needs to take a
shock
getting ready to erase a couple names
but your mom just watched the Q&A cuz
Brian just finished with it and really
liked it I'm really really excited for
it to go out she's been really nervous
about it over the past couple weeks
like just worrying that she said too
much or you know whatever and I think
she like she watched it and she was like
all right it's not that bad but you know
it's just when you start when you start
seeing yourself on camera and it's just
it is always like a shock or like you're
nervous and so I totally understand
where she's coming from I know my first
vlog for very nerve-wracking when I
first started doing my pregnancy vlog so
but I think she's really happy with it
and I can't wait for people to see it I
think um I think everyone really enjoy
it sorry house counting coming I think
so we have like 11 more names on the
board and we're gonna race two more
tonight's so Missy you that first name
okay Wow
so pretty much for Yonder like the
finals no matter what we erase yeah of
course people are gonna start going what
hey I'm gonna raise this little one
right here it's not Phillip someone did
say that they thought it was Phillip
because it looks like there was a little
heart over the I and when I rewatched I
was like oh it does look like a little
heart but I literally just thought I was
putting like a dot over the I all right
so we have one more racing tonight this
is one that I'm so sorry but a lot of
people are really gunning for yeah a lot
of people are gunning for this and it's
just on our baby's name and I'm really
I'm just I'm really sorry but I have to
erase Hudson
oh so sad I like the name Hudson but
honestly every time I say it I think of
Stanley Hudson come the office just
think of like this really grumpy old
black man actually that was one of the
names that I was gunning for a lot like
I wanted that one but you know just like
I said both of it whenever we hear a
name it's like oh that reminds us of
whatever and then we can't do it
so there are a lot of really good names
up there though yeah all right guys so
we are just getting ready for bed you
guys are watching this on April Fool's
Day I hope you guys didn't get like
prank too hard and aren't you happy that
we didn't prank you guys I mean we
totally have the opportunity and we
didn't do it tell us some jokes in the
comments if if anybody got you um I
don't think Missy and I won't be pulling
any jokes on on each other okay I
already know know what what are you
talking about I'm already scared don't
be what are you talking about why would
you say I can't wait for April Fool's
Day I was just saying because I'm really
excited to see all their comments that
they give me how do you know you're
gonna do something I'm not gonna do
anything I see you okay just go to bed
it's too bad that you aren't good at
keeping secrets
because then I've got no clue at all but
I kind of have no idea what you're doing
but I know you're good I'm not babe
really I'm not asked them am i doing
anything no he should do anything Missy
see they always got my back anyway I
hope you guys all had a really great day
thanks for watching thank you for
subscribing you're awesome we need to
talk about the giveaway we'll do that in
a later video it's gonna be a crazy week
this week because we're just really busy
and we're trying we really want to film
our name reveal video so that it can go
up this week I mean you're watching this
week we're going to be able to finally
say in a vlog what his name is so that's
really cool and I totally accidentally
said it a couple times so if you guys go
through some of our past vlogs and watch
really closely I I sort of stutter a
little when it comes to the name take
that point where we can't hold it back
anymore like we have to say it yeah so
it'll just be so much fun
several we can yeah thank you guys again
and we will see you tomorrow bye say bye
baby bye bye what if it's too loud you
think it's doing anything I want to play
this one like every night so that
yeah
it is insane really yeah
