it's the thing when you walk in Home
Depot you don't know where anything is
so normally I just go straight to a
person in orange and 90% of the time
that person works here okay know what
subscribe
oh yeah
they're having a boy's bed good morning
good morning good morning good morning
I've had food yet so I tend to be a
little weird
I said that's before but be think that
you can't smell my breath cuz it stank
bad breath
anyone anyone else so Oh weird an
elevator we are headed to got my sister
off at the mall but me my mom are also
craving like a hotel hot dog on a stick
which is basically a corndog but it's
the place is called hot dog looks sick
so that's where we're going and it
sounds amazing I'm so excited
all right here's our Hot Dog on a Stick
the bread is just so fresh cook it right
there so good and then here's our cheese
cheese doggone it wasn't all he knows to
be nonstick it's so good it practically
tastes like a protein but
it has been a lazy Saturday so far I've
just been working on the computer trying
to get things done I'm not only for work
but trying to finish my C's QA
which I am gonna say will tentatively be
up on Monday so I am gonna finish it
tonight but I don't want to go out on
Easter because everyone's been hanging
out there family like you said so monday
expect Missy's Q&A on her channel with
her mom so that should be really cool
you were just lounging around craving
Olive Garden
this is craving all girl she wants to go
get chicken no PC cuz he watched the
vlog huh yeah I wonder how many people
went and bought their and after they
watched our vlog yesterday they should
really be paying us huh
yeah I really want it so I got really
tired last night and didn't get to make
my cookie dough so I'm making it right
now almost done oh I cannot wait to eat
a little bit of this mm-hmm I love
cookie dough it's like ridiculous
actually quite difficult to mix this
while Logging's done here we go mmm I
hit the spot just delicious
mmm so seriously been my day
cars even relaxing huh you can stay
there I mean we don't really have days
like this where we just do nothing very
often but it's probably good for us we
run so much that sometimes you just need
a day to relax and look at little baby
Lanning is listening to piano tribute of
monkford sons which I like the lullaby
but I enjoy listening to the piano
version more and I actually just have it
on a certain like just on so I could
listen to it too and hopefully in here I
don't know if you can or not he's
enjoying a cookie dough right now lately
karma has been such a cuddle bug I kind
of think that he's starting to know that
I'm pregnant and that something is going
to change soon he's been very clinging
to me lately and just wanting like a
little bit more attention which i think
is adorable hog boy you aim for your
little brother I am free at last free at
last I'm shutting everything down on my
computer boom back to fun time but
basically I've just been sitting on the
computer for like seven hours straight
doing work and I didn't even get to the
QA but I'm sure it's just gonna be a
long night for me let's have some fun
huh yeah come on super excited come on
let's go get ready I'm gonna try out the
ball onto that Cassie got Emma for going
to the park we're gonna get the ball go
to the park oh my gosh if you guys
follow me on vine or Twitter you
probably saw it there I did the funniest
vine yesterday of talking to karma and
getting his reaction to different words
it was hilarious I'll put a link in the
description so you can see it he's just
so dang cute huh karma karma
go get your hello boy oh you want your
piggy picture piggy
well I really wanted to get a hand Cup I
don't think that's gonna happen my
hair's getting shaggy ha and like look
how long it is on top
though started panicking when you told
him that you're gonna like cut it like
he doesn't oh yeah I don't shave my head
I don't do that I'm sorry I'm gonna
might someday I don't know but that's
not just something I do I was just
fixing my hair and look at Missy
organized this whole thing it used to
have all our bathroom crap on it and now
she put it all neatly in there cuz she's
definitely nesting I was gonna say I
think yeah but she put out some things
that we've got from vacation this is
actually where we honeymooned in Dana
Point it's a little ship in a bottle
yeah for the baby scene which is like a
beach theme and then we whenever we go
out to hotels we always get well it was
like a certain kind of hotel in Idaho
but we'd always get a little ducky and
we've I think we have more did you only
find two yeah we got a little pirate and
then a little tourist sharing Saturday
sharing old picture Saturday let's do
that this is Missy she I believe is
getting sand crabs in the beach and then
that's Missy and I on the beach this is
didn't dana point funny thing about this
picture i literally put the camera up on
a rock and set the timer and ran away
and it took the perfect picture of us it
was awesome oh yeah oh yeah you've seen
that above our bed and then there's me
in front of the boats and then cute
little Missy and I young and naive Missy
a nice check out you guys k9 cannon it's
like an overly large gut you pull you
ready got uses a rubber band hey ready
comm three two one
does it go as far as throwing it but
still likes it I'll be back baby
yeah I'm sorry sometimes
oh let's scare me thought I was gonna
hit me I know I did too person you want
a boy he's such a spaz
if anyone's holding the ball he's like
in ball mode what that's so like 1990
here we go into the woods karma stay
close stay close boy okay okay bye bye
he this is his pattern he runs like 20
foot heavy karma stay close and then it
comes like me toss whoa there's like
confetti everywhere for Easter it's like
it's cool but I mean it's like littering
ah good boy tell us if you guys think
karma would be good at agility is it
something Missy's always wanted to do
she'd be amazing and he's like he's just
such a good listener if you tell him
like up or over or whatever he'll do it
somebody actually commented and they
said whenever we are playing with karma
or they see him they sing karma
chameleon and that's actually his song
if you watch one of our first vlogs we
talked about how he loves that song got
a comma comma comma comma comedian
Oh what is this I think I found an old
dog toy should I throw it to him
karma well I'm touching it so I'm gonna
get disease
come on you would probably and go for it
you like ill they can that's gross tell
me if you guys have these growing where
you guys live they're like miniature
palm trees they're actually right I
don't want to say the wrong thing but I
think that these are mini Joshua trees
mini Joshua trees it looks like palm
though they're everywhere
yeah they just grow randomly ah calm
sorry I had to make you guys see that
where is your ball go get it
I just looked at him and he didn't have
his ball anymore cuz he likes to carry
it around but did you drop someone
where's your ball go get your ball it's
right though come on where'd you put
your ball
karma come here boy come here put your
ball up there it is
yeah he just sees he picked it up like
swiftly come on come on come on oh yeah
yeah I put that there
yeah for safe for safekeeping
Brian's playing basketball yeah yeah
chicks hatching on moves under the leg
ha ha thank you you do that thing where
they put it under the lake yeah I'm
Missy today she picked it up yeah that's
what she does yeah the dork that's how
you pregnancy brain that's just Missy
brain yeah actually um we were talking
about how I have a hard time speaking
like sometimes I replace words and I
just and someone had said well that's
probably your pregnancy brain but that
is seriously how I have always been I
just can't speak very well and I like
just don't ever know like what the right
word is and then I'll say the completely
wrong oh and I often like will leave out
the most important word
wish I could make karma okay I know huh
we are at the big HD home Home Depot
Issel we're actually picking up some
chalkboard because I want to make
another one of those frame chock boards
and we're actually just thinking that we
should do a giveaway with one of them
because our daily vlogging channel just
hit three thousand subscribers so that
would be really cool if we give away
like a mini frame chalkboard to you guys
but I don't remember where they are
they're not here it's the thing when you
walk into Home Depot you don't know
where anything is so normally I just go
straight to a person in orange and 90%
of the time that person works there
we got chalkboard this is your job you
hit me oh you're gonna hit me
I can fan you with it I can yeah oh
that's nice - Adam are you wearing
sweater now we are looking at three
frames dry safe rooms or frames I don't
know
hey oh my gosh like we could take the
cell out
yeah but still it hasn't even wanted to
do like a shadow box for the nursery
wonderful cool
it has weird thing 50 we're thinking
this is a good frame to put the
chalkboard in to give away I think this
one's pretty nice and simple and it
hangs on both sides look at this ancient
piece of technology like I'm just gonna
send an email on my mail station I know
we see look it now I can send emails on
the go we found a good one for the baby
it looks beachy oh and show them this oh
this is another one of those shadow
boxes that we can take the image out and
put our own Internet put stuff in and
it's white so yeah that'd be so fun now
we're thinking a different frame for the
giveaway something like this maybe this
kind of looks like ours like everyone's
house what they do this is dark wood
though it looks cool and like ancient
very good seriously yeah it actually has
a lot of flavor
is he eating guacamole chef tell me if
you guys have ever had these they're
called Wacha chip they're guacamole
flavored chips and they're bright green
and they're amazing I'm freaking out
you're in them actually pretty good
there lots of flavor on and you don't
have to eat the slimy crap stuff very
worried about maybe pregnancy's bringing
out some different it's like taste for
you maybe that's weird but yeah these
chips are amazing we are at Olive Garden
trying to find a spot and seriously
everyone and their mom and probably
their grandmother is here as well
there's not a parking spot in sight
over there don't drop me off and I'll
get okay you go out since the spot all
right
Greenup Jibson okay so I can't believe
she likes something but we're actually
our friends are taking us out John and
Christina you know them they were in the
Harlem shake been in a couple dogs that
Missy is craving Olive Garden like
really really bad so she's got a curb
that hard spot parking spot yeah boom
this is the I found a parking spot dance
hmm
what what mmm what what what found a
parking spot nice parking job Bryan we
are at all starting with John and
Christina and look at this hair she
looks so different than without the big
old from don't you Leah I actually looks
better like this it's like all early
cute stuff cute they're good her
enjoying this breadstick she's going to
town
Christina do you get used to the whole
messy kid thing just becomes a part of
your life tired and learn fold so the
little nook Napoli a tall girl look at
all these kids you guys they're sacked
out hey guys you gonna wake up wow
they're really sleeping what'd you give
them did you spike their apple juice
John decided the night before Easter
that'd be good time to go shopping I'm
extremely busy look at this the shelves
are like clean I don't know what do you
want done get some of these any formal
it is like whoa bro get this bunny get
this funny
oh dude Hall chocolates the back awesome
dude hollow chocolates the best cuz you
can freeze it and then it's like crispy
rude yeah yeah alright guys just got
home it's like almost midnight so we're
pretty much pooped ready go to bed cuz
tomorrow's Easter it's Easter and you're
watching this when it's Easter so I hope
you guys had a good Easter are having a
good Easter remember it's not about the
funny but yeah I know we talked a little
bit about the giveaway today be on the
lookout for official things soon we're
gonna make something really really cool
for you guys and make it as easy as
possible because we just passed three so
three thousand subscribers on our daily
vlog which is insane you were never
expecting that and so we just want to
really have an opportunity have an
opportunity to give back to you guys but
right now I think we're gonna get rid of
some baby names right we actually
planned out our entire name reveal video
so hopefully we're shooting that really
soon but here's all the names we have
left you guys if you don't know we're
racing a name or we're racing to names
every day until we get down to the final
names and then we're going to reveal our
little boy's name come on be involved
arm you wanna recent anal he's knee
hasn't been hugely high
but a couple guesses so it's not that
not Zach ah next one actually listening
on my boss and he's a really good guy
ah throw that out there say that first
but our son's name is not Alex no it's
getting so glitters just saying no I'm
looking at his name right now I'm
looking at it right now
Maci don't show it we're gonna get ready
for bed
so good bye bye tell us what you guys
think about the giveaway we have planned
to give away a frame chalkboard to you
guys I think that'd be really cool and
kind of because we've been showing off
our so much and I just yeah it's so cool
thank you guys for watching
Jorma wants to say good night I'm Carly
oh gosh he does that thing where he
likes smiles and he shows his teeth yeah
have you read yet I don't know who other
dogs do it but he when he gets really
excited
that's like showing it to you okay I
swear it's like he knows how we smile
and when we smile we show our teeth and
Celestra he does and it's not a growl
it's literally like a oh so kind of
thing all right well we will see you
guys tomorrow
bye bye
is naked in my belly
yeah he doesn't have any phones in there
no that's God we like to do special yeah
the boy yeah and it puts his name do you
know his name
