having a boy morning everyone
so before you and laughs at me yes I'm
wearing glasses I'm getting ready for
work but I noticed this morning I had
this thing in my eye I woke up was see
if I can show you guys and I'm sure you
can see basically because of that thing
it doesn't hurt or anything I felt a
little nervous about wearing contacts
days and not have to wear glasses and
I'm really sad about it cuz I'm not I'm
not a good glasses where I have I get
like really bad headaches and so I don't
really wear them very often but I feel
like I needed to yeah I guess I'm going
glasses today this should be interesting
sooo many laughs I get hey guys I know I
look like I just woke up but it's
actually one o'clock just been working
on the computer all morning I got Bailey
driving around what are you doing are
you loud in here this is a one-way
street come on
she loves that thing but right now I
have it in so I'm just grilling up some
chicken and I'm gonna make some chicken
sandwich YUM so I have a bit of a
dilemma I have a baby on me as you can
see and my episode on Hulu Plus just
that did would you like to know where
the remote is so this is the time where
I wish that I could be like in Harry
Potter like akio remote and it would it
would come come on come in come on oh
yeah I'm not a wizard apparently right
now it's nap time
everyone's napping even Leo's nappy I'm
just trying to figure out how to get the
clicker is what happens when you let a
sleeping baby get on your shoulder drool
and lots of it look what came today
Missy has no idea it's the new glider
for the nursery which actually Cassie
was so excited to get she actually has
been working like babysitting and stuff
just so she could buy it for us because
we
we're just gonna wait to buy it but
Cassie was so stoked on buying it so
thank you Cassie
I think Missy is going to love this and
I really want to try and get it together
before she gets off work and like how
long do we have oh my god so she's gonna
be here in like 30 minutes
so let's see we can put this together
and have it set up it sounds like
there's a lot of tools in this thing so
hopefully it's not about oh yeah this is
mad at me right fine the cushions are
like this boo I love that so she knows
how big and fluffy look and actually
okay yeah um looks like a face if you
don't want to put your feet up here you
can actually put your feet on this
little thing and it's like a little late
like this too so you can put you can
like set your feet on there and it's
long it's like a little plank it's like
it's like beach-themed but I cannot
believe how fast we just set this up you
guys that literally took like ten
minutes so cool I love it I want to have
it set up and then just like walk with
Missy casually in the room and surprise
her with it because she thinks it's
gonna be here like when next Tuesday
Monday they said like Monday or Tuesday
was gonna be here so it came early there
it is guys I'll set up and yeah it's
cool the back is like really soft and
it's not falling apart so that is a plus
and I like that is pockets put stuff in
the pockets good you did good it looks
great too it matches the carpet
Missy's home you're still wearing your
glasses did everyone like hey Nina hey
Nina could give a client's thank you
yeah does he think it's like electric
what do you think so pretty I know the
wood is really nice so what is perfect
and you can pull it out with your foot
you can pull it off your feet like what
was that a heart attack when I walked in
here we can practice with Bailey okay
let's see how long it takes her to go
sleep do you like it baby huh he's like
kicking right now he's like ah you're
squishing me oh really so me and Brian
are headed to a photo shoot he's got one
going on and I guess I'm tagging along
but I'm just so excited about that
rocking chair
I seriously can't believe that it came
today I would thought it wasn't gonna be
here until next week and it's seriously
like perfect exactly it sings like
exactly what I wanted stuff I'm so happy
I think I'm getting used to you in
glasses yeah it's really weird like you
know after you see someone in glasses
for a long time and then they don't wear
them they look completely different yeah
it's like you're starting to look normal
now yeah I know what you mean like
especially once you take off the glasses
you just look weird because you're like
where are your glasses I don't think I
look bad the classes I just I don't like
them they are uncomfortable on my face
and I don't like that I can't like see
things I have a really really bad vision
like really bad and I can't I can't see
anything if I got no peripheral I bet
yeah and so basically I can only see
here so like this morning I was doing my
hair and I'm going like this like you
know trying to put this up and I could
not see because when you look in the
mirror because you're banging your head
down I couldn't see my hair because my
eyes could work having a Canadians had
the glasses on so it's just like so
inconvenient to wear glasses like you
put on contacts and you just have
regular visions and you can look
anywhere you want and you can see
anything you want so this is what it
looks like
good luck yeah yeah
you know if you guys follow me on
Instagram you know I did something
really really funny yesterday I actually
thought that it was Thursday today's
Thursday
well you're watching this on Friday but
today's Thursday but on Wednesday I
thought it was Thursday doesn't make
sense and so I had actually instagrammed
a picture an old picture of Missy and I
and I tagged it throwback Thursday
because I thought it was Thursday but
here's the picture it's Missy and I and
that was when we were exploring some
caves in Idaho you can see a little
better on my Instagram today is actually
throwback Thursday so I think we're
gonna do something really cool because
we actually have some albums of some
really old pictures of missing night
well not really old but I guess like
since we've been dating pictures Missy's
getting ready to do her bump date she's
getting all our makeup did and we're
just gonna start getting prepared for
that because it's already like 8 o'clock
so we have things our deal look at his
little puppy-dog favors this is where he
sits when we're on the toilet
that's race heads we're in the shower
that's reset yeah he'll just come in
here like randomly and this is like his
safety zone like if he ever is not it
look afraid he just comes in sits here
but he's also very afraid of the b88 if
I said it he'd probably like start
crying okay yeah yeah I do like it I
just think you should get rid of this
part the moustache yeah oh yeah it's
March mustache March it is it's March oh
I didn't know that you've never slept
that in April then it's April all over
so all over beard on name is it really
marks mustache mustache Lars that's mark
well I think you should get
that part and keep this mom says he'll
look like he's Amish though because sort
of balance it but it's not really a
beard is like a beards like over I see
though it has a little blonde in it yeah
I think it's funny
I like it though we're gonna really do
our buff date but before I did it I
wanted to try and put some music on my
belly and see if he like moves it all to
it cuz that would be so much fun to like
play music I want to play a lot of
classical music like Beethoven stuff but
one of our favorite bands is Mumford and
Sons and they have actually a a lullaby
album so cute it's so cool you guys
should definitely look it up if you
don't have a Spotify that's how we
that's how we look it up that so they
like take their their songs and they
basically put them to like xylophone and
flute and say sound like classical music
what if it's too loud do you think it's
doing anything yeah I want to play this
for him like every night so that when
he's born then we can play this music
and I'll help him like it'll calm him
down because I recognize it it's just
fun like knowing that you started
kidding really
he's like turn it down yeah I turned him
down a little bit site I just looked up
something I said you want it around 70
decibels okay Missy likes her music at
like a faint whisper like the blaring I
just like it to surround me completely I
felt that you must like them a little
boy he's gonna have like the best taste
in music
yeah Kara found his new favorite seat
didn't you boy yeah you're gonna share
this with the baby he always chooses the
most
many places to sit my boy yeah but you
do look quite cute on that like where is
it
it's moving it's moving a lot it's so
cute
it did I didn't know you yeah okay guys
this certainly happens all the time we
just got done filming Missy's bump day
right and I go to slide the SD card into
the SD card slot and it always gets
stuck in the CD slot I sort of caught
myself this time so I can maybe get it
okay but I literally a one time I lost
it all the way in there and I actually
had to like make this little hook thing
to move it out so really really annoying
let me know if you guys if you have an
iMac if you've ever done that because
they're so close to each other so
annoying
I just got done with my bump date and so
Brian mentioned that it is throwback
Thursday today for us of course it's
Friday for you which it could also be
what is it like the Friday one because
they didn't they forgot to do it
flashback flashback Friday so I guess
it's flashback Friday for you guys
throwback Thursday for me okay so a few
years ago probably right after me and
Brian got married he made me this
beautiful hardcover book and it has are
one of our pictures from our wedding on
it so I'm going to show you some really
fun pictures in here and these are
basically all of our wedding pictures
and it's just like an amazing book
because it's it's hardcover and it has
everything that a book would have it
looks like it was a Valentine's gift so
that's really cool is probably from 2009
so this is us getting ready that's my
little sister you guys have seen her in
a lot of vlogs there she is five years
ago she's so cute and that's my best
friend Kelsey I only had two people in
my wedding it was just my best friend
Kelsey and my little sister and here's
Brian getting ready I really did not
want him to cut his hair for the wedding
I think he kind of wanted to do
something different but you know I have
a hard time with change and so I told
him not to but now I seriously
got it I hate that his hair was so like
long oh this is a really fun picture
this is a picture if you can't tell I'm
kind of up in the stairs that's me with
my flowers and then that's Brian peeking
over in the corner and that's my dad
actually right above him and he that was
when he actually said to me are you
ready and then I like started to cry I
was like yeah and then that's when he
left and went into the church so this is
one of like my big moment that's when I
like I don't know if I mentioned this
before but I'm not a big crier and that
was like a moment when I almost started
crying because it was just like really
special and here's actually I've always
tried to explain how my wedding looked
inside its it was always very dark with
like the candles and very like romantic
like um there basically was no lights on
just little tinkles lights and I call
him twinkle lights and candles and stuff
like that and there is my mom with my
cousin and there's Brian's mom um so
there's us walking down the aisle and
there's me and Brian I got I'm gonna
tell you something he was crying like a
baby
he was just tears running down it was it
was really cute here is our first kiss
as a married couple ever
yes our first kiss out no it wasn't you
know it's funny because they always say
like on your wedding day go really slow
go super fast and you just forget it and
seriously like the whole day is just
like a blur yeah so if you don't know me
I love chocolate and I only like
chocolate so my wedding cake or just
just say our wedding cake was chocolate
and not only was it just chocolate but I
don't like um store-bought chocolate
cake so I had a friend who was a cake
person actually make the chocolate cake
that I like that is actually out of the
box in the aisle it's like I'm like
Betty Crocker I'm not kidding that's
this Betty Crocker chocolate cake with
my chocolate frosting that I liked and
those pearls on there
and there is our wedding topper which is
actually right over there there's a
there it is in real life I think I've
only carried you like that like once in
her life yeah sure I hit your head on
the door I don't know why we chose that
one we were of course under 21 so I
chose to drink apple juice at our
wedding which I love apple juice and
actually also might one of my favorite
things with chocolate cake is of course
uh milk so here you can see that I have
my apple juice and my milk sitting next
to me as I drink as I eat my chocolate
cake so that's kind of funny we had a
very unique wedding I love that picture
that's gotta be one of my favorites
I was very tan in this jeez and then
here's a couple pictures from our
honeymoon we honeymooned um just in Dana
Point and um of course Disneyland sorry
with Disney night also for honeymoon and
they lived happily ever after
alright guys so it is time to erase a
couple of names name will I erase today
I'm gonna go with one a couple people
have said it but I'm gonna go with this
one
let's see not Matthew next one is
another one that a lot of people have
said Gavin not Gavin either it's not
Gavin no right yeah it's not Gavin the
next day oh no that same day in the vlog
will be erasing the last two names so
yeah I want to find out what the reveal
video or in the blog yeah when I was
little my mom would actually make me
peanut butter and then our peanut butter
and butter sandwiches and I just thought
those were like the greatest thing ever
because anything with butter is pretty
much amazing but I'm gonna use banana
there we go guys this is the kind of
thing that makes you feel like you're
five years old again
we bought a roller and a car and a bass
this is a big moment really exciting
sitting out the closer together you
think it's just like fold it up I think
there's a some parts that you're gonna
have to put together
typing strollers what I needed
