this right here huh you think yeah
that's it yeah
look directions yeah we don't need those
okay I'm gonna go
Oh
having a boy named well good morning
everyone
me and my mom are headed to the doctors
it's very early Eddie up way too early
so I'm exhausting I didn't do my hair
anything and we are driving two hours
away to go to a doctor's appointment I
don't know if you get this but whenever
I wake up in the morning I'll eat but
I'm always nauseous but it's just cause
like it's morning my stomach just isn't
used to being up this early and yeah I
don't know I just assumed that I was
just a little nauseous
like sometimes I get yeah that's not the
case this morning I was not just a
little nauseous
I was brushing my teeth and I just threw
up everything that I just ate so that
was a little bit of a barn because I
can't eat anything two hours before the
appointment hey guys so I don't know if
you can tell or see me right now because
it's kind of dark in here but I'm okay
there we go I'm sitting here we just got
done with the ultrasound as you can see
and I think he's gonna check and make
sure the doctor everything he could he's
probably home was about 30 minutes yeah
about 30 minutes and but it's just so
much fun because he was literally
chasing him around my belly cuz if this
baby is moving it so much he's just
doing flips and turns and kicks and it
was so much fun like getting to feel it
as it was happening in it's just really
cool so Missy just updated me and she
said that big boy is moving around so
much oh man it's so cool to see on the
monitor when they're doing ultrasounds
the baby moving and stuff I can't wait
until like I can see him moving like in
the belly like that's gonna be so cool
everything's good I guess Missy's just
waiting for the doctor now but I'm sure
they may feel good as of now we're just
waiting to hear results pacing
kind of get an idea if anything's wrong
or everything's good so am i happy
though this was a pretty fun ultrasound
it was fun just getting to see
everything and enjoy seeing my baby I
don't know if we told you guys this but
the kids actually act out episodes of
Spongebob Squarepants like no joke I'm
leaving the hospital right now but I
wanted to show you this um
right outside the hospital is actually
I'm sorry right inside of the hospital
is a McDonald's and let me just clarify
something not just like a hospital this
is a Children's Hospital where they look
at hearts and there's like a McDonald's
inside of it I just think it's so
strange that one I don't know it's a big
one though huh
those are actually everywhere here in
California they are like the blueberry
belly lizards and we see them all the
time
quite climbing up the sides of our house
there is one thing they like when you
get a drink it has either a green light
a yellow light or a red light next to
the drink so you know whether you should
Green is you know obviously good yellow
and probably shouldn't get that in red
is absolutely not
basically the only thing that's green is
water yellow is like lemonade and sprite
but then everything else was red you're
not allowed to drink any of the soda
whoa whoa how about you Chloe what's
your trick everyone just wants him to
watch his trick okay do your trick buddy
do it do it go go go
whoa my day I was gnarly bro just woke
up from an amazing nap I just got home
after our appointment and I lay down and
I fell asleep for like a good I got a
good hour and a half of nice sleep huh
garma he was not so happy he is
he helped by banging on my door a lot so
that was fun karma chameleon he just
wanted to come in you now that I'm up I
am getting ready cuz I look like
ridiculous you know yeah and we're going
to my next appointment which is just a
regular doctor's appointment so this is
an easy one and no big deal kind of
hoping that Bryan would be done
babysitting the kids so we could come
with me since he missed today's but I'm
not really sure if he'll be done by then
so we'll see it's okay if he doesn't
make it though you can definitely get
some a lot of work done here if he if he
doesn't go and he really needs to finish
my QA that has he's been trying to do
that forever especially over the weekend
we just went crazy on her bedroom and
stuff so I didn't get a chance to work
on it so he's hoping to have it done
today he made it hello he literally
walked in this house as I was telling
you guys that it's so gonna smell like
pee
yeah I know why I when I woke up I loved
him I came back and I was like ooh
that's not good
this Lhasa
would you do nail this thing are you
sure you didn't close it um oh it's law
it is like that it probably you know
Andy we're hanging up this black thing
because we haven't got curtains yet yeah
Chicanos nasty vines but we're gonna get
good curtains for the mystery yeah and
then it's they're not Bob then it's
scary cuz people can just literally look
at us while we're sleeping really creepy
Luca came guys our crib but we're taking
it back right away because it was kind
of an impulse buy and we kind of have
our sights set on something else but at
least it came it's very beat-up look at
this like they don't even have it that's
another strap over here and this is
weird huh it's in there somewhere so now
we get the chore of taking it back so
you guys know that flour I picked
yesterday well a lot of people actually
told me that it was a strawberry flour
and I totally forgot last year do you
remember we found strawberries in here
yeah they're like all around all these
big plants a bunch of strawberries
Missy rarely ever drives but we have the
crib in the back because we are running
to Walmart to go return it
and I it's like I didn't realize how big
that box was but the seat went all the
way up and I didn't fit in it so not
miss you has to drive alright guys so we
are here right where we left and I think
we might be buying a stroller I just got
to make sure Cassie what do you think is
it cute me baby but yeah it'll work for
now we can just pretend I'm so we do hey
that's pretty cool right yeah I mean now
how happy it is it to put in the car
maybe that thing yeah
okay heavy super heavy hmm solar magic
they designed this section of dresses
just for Missy it
oh but I was gonna show you today and
this yes sorry hey today I was
registering at the doctor's office and
she's like okay here you go Missy and
I'm like do you know my name
hahaha I really is Melissa yeah and so
she had signed me on Melissa and she
called me Missy and she's like no I just
call everyone that and I was like that's
my name she's like oh we did it
we've bought a stroller and a car and a
bass it comes with a face yeah so this
is a big moment really exciting using
have to put together you think it's just
like folded up I think there's a some
parts that you're gonna have to put
together I think that's gonna be fine
spinning together our stroller what I
needed
cardboard okay whatever that yeah and
then this sort just fell well obviously
I have to do like with these oh I just
right here huh
you think yeah that fit yeah look
directions yeah we don't need those okay
so I'm totally freaking out because I
hit my big toe against the stroller
while I was trying to put together and
it freaking hurt so I pulled it off in
and don't mind the nastiness on my toes
I'm sorry I've been trying to fix that
look it's like bleeding a little and
Missy's mom said it's probably gonna pop
off and die and I'm freaking out because
I'm just not good with stuff like that
I'm sorry this is graphic but I'm just
like freaking out right now
Oh tell me what I should do you guys
I've never like I've never lost a whole
toenail let alone my big toenail this
sucks
I did it guys like this is like a really
big moment so we actually one of the big
things we liked about this was that it
reclined all the way down so if we're
out in public we can change them and
they can lay down completely flat right
in the stroller so that was a cool thing
we like my favorite thing about this is
this little window right here and go
whoo I really just want to say thank you
to my mom because she's the one who made
this
a pin so thank you mom she really wanted
us to get the stroller and car seat that
we wanted and that was going to work for
us and we just love that it comes with a
base you just snap it up car and
strollers good karma what are you doing
he's made a crazy dog
thank you mom that was so cool all right
guys so Missy is in the shower and I'm
gonna wrap the vlog but I wanted to
erase two names let's get started this
is going to start to get really
interesting too so the first name that
I'm going to erase is actually going to
be Ryan no Ryan it's just
Ryan's a cool name but it's very close
to Brian and I was very opposed to
naming our son Brian after me because I
just I don't know I like to be original
we are crossing it off which one should
I do over here shred you over here guys
over here
all right how about right here Peter no
Peter like I said we liked that name but
it's just not the name we picked so if
you guys don't know what we're doing our
son's name is up here his first ed
middle name are both on this board and
Karma's crying Karma why you cried about
okay so they're on this board and we are
crossing out or were racing to names a
day until we get down to the final two
and when we do that then we actually
reveal his name what's under there
there's something under my desk am I get
it for you yeah reach okay oh there it
is is this what you wanted boy is those
what you wanted boy karma
they haven't seen you in a while say hi
who say hi say hi say hi come oh say hi
it up say hi oh okay okay he's just
gonna attack me til I give him his ball
hey go all right guys I hope you had a
great day exciting we got a stroller and
I mean the names are going down there so
that's really really exciting thank you
guys for watching we will see you
tomorrow oh my god that is so funny
that's so cool and so nice did she do it
herself
he's been everything I really hope you
like it I was told you can see me to
watch you're getting ready to get your
journey together
Amanda oh our machine wash and dry
