hey guys welcome to a very special bonus
video sponsored by our friends at Panera
Bread that's right in honor of the wide
selection and our bread has on their
kids menu we thought we would put our
kids to the test
the picky we've selected some food some
yummy some gross see how they each react
I have a feeling this is gonna be so
funny because both aliens bin are
completely different when it comes to
eating and trying new foods loves food
protein and Ollie is a completely
different story he has a really hard
time trying new foods and right now he
really only eats a small selection of
things
he is definitely our picky eater that's
right so let's see how they react when
we put some food in front of ya alright
boys are you ready to do the picky
eaters taste test challenge yes what
about you Finn yeah you both excited
alright let's take a seat and the
challenge will
all right kids do you know why we
brought you here what we're gonna put
your tongues to the test with a taste
test
yeah do you guys like food yes what kind
of food do you like ollie pika
baby what about you what you like what
you guys like any vegetables I don't
all right boys we're gonna start with
something really easy this is pizza go
ahead and take a bite if you like it
good job good good you like it what kind
of pizza is that all right up next we
have carrot sticks
and as a bonus I've got the ranch
I'll go gasps Ben likes ranch huh how's
that carrot then eat it I don't know if
these are more eating the carrots or the
ranch
yeah you guys have to four - that's not
that bad huh all right for the next food
item I have something really special for
you Oh make grilled cheese sandwich all
right we've got banana if you like
banana all right next we have a salad
alright are you so excited do you want
to try it it's a fish it will yeah hey
Ollie hey I think that fish is looking
at you oh yeah we're not gonna make you
eat the fish boys it's logic waddly
extinct you model yeah I got a does
alright boys I think it's safe to say
that you are both picky eaters huh yeah
yeah but guess what
remember that grilled cheese that you
liked they have that at Panera Bread you
guys gonna go to Panera Bread for lunch
in general restaurants in America do not
serve kids well almost all kid menus are
the same chicken nuggets pizza fries etc
a Panera kids can be picky Panera Bread
allows them to navigate their
relationship with good foods and decide
what they want to eat and with over 40
clean entree choices from soups salads
to sandwiches with wholesome side
choices like apples sprouted grain
baguettes or organic yogurt tubes kids
don't have to fight their cravings we
are here at the narrow bread and we just
got our food and I am so excited so I'm
going to tell you what I ordered so this
is the turkey cranberry flatbread and it
is so good I am so excited that it is
now the season that it's back because
it's probably one of my favorite things
ever and cheese panini yeah and I got a
little
all right mr. Finn what did you get look
he's stealing uh mommy's agave lemonade
he loves that stuff you like that you
can drink it that's fine
Ben got a ham and cheese sandwich and he
also got the kids portion size salad
which i think is really great because it
just gives us a really good opportunity
to start introducing different foods to
the kids new stuff also I'm drinking the
new blood orange lemonade and it's
delicious and I just found out it has
carrot in it babe hey I'm drinking
carrots no it's really really good
special thanks to Panera Bread for
sponsoring this video be sure to visit
your local Panera Bread for a variety of
kids meal options did I mention they
have cookies they are great for sharing
be sure to give this video a big thumbs
up and subscribe to our Channel and
leave a comment down below with what
your favorite cookie is thanks for
watching guys Holly what do you say
