Oh talked in my tongue you don't go in
the trunk you weirdo
okay I'm gonna get a party though oh
yeah
having a boy babe good morning bumpers
we are up and getting ready for my
doctor's appointment which I'm super
excited about it's just the one that I
go to the high-risk doctor they check my
cervix and all that and they usually
tell me um like they measure him so they
can tell me like if he's measuring a
head or not so I really really like this
point because it's usually fairly quick
and pretty interesting so Brian had a
little bit of a late start he's editing
the vlog and we got a leave for our
appointment like in five minutes and
he's still not ready so he thought he
could wake up early and met edit it but
he really just needs to do it at night
but hopefully you can get it done it
always looks so yellow when I turn the
camera we are headed into Missy's
ultrasound now and I'm going under this
tree one of those same trees right and
it's full of bees okay seems like it's
always full of please but we're gonna go
in here and check out how baby all he's
doing so we just got back from the
ultrasound and we were like so surprised
you guys the lady who did the ultrasound
decided to switch the machine into 3d
mode and we totally didn't know that
this machine that we've been going to
for like four weeks now has this ability
but we saw our baby's face for the first
time it was so crazy
it was insane I was like holy cow is she
really doing this like am I really
looking at this like it's so much
different it was just like insane oh my
god okay so obviously these are pictures
so they're gonna be a little bit more
mark me as fun you're a person it was
like crazy
it was crazy like he was like rubbing
his face and movin he kept putting his
hands in his face so I was kind of the
problem but here are some pictures well
yeah so look at how stinking cute he is
his nose and his lip
oh my gosh yet so sting that's the only
one that was like really good this one
is there stuff in the way you can see
like his little hands rubbing his face
that's placenta over there
but we don't know why she did it she
just random
decided to turn on 3d mode and show us
our baby's face like this our baby's
face for the first time
yeah it's very intense I was just like
how are you hon and of course the one
time I'm not filming in the room she's
doing it yeah so like yeah well that was
crazy no stinking cutie is so cool
there's a baby like it's like I mean
these are really cool but I mean this is
a silhouette this is that's baby
yes actual baby he's like inside you
right now he was moving so much even
before usually jumping jumping oh my
gosh I was like ridiculous I can't
believe that's him like he hasn't he now
has a face to his name Oliver Oh cute
car what's is he coming is he Oliver
he's like getting all lovey-dovey wants
like hugs and kisses but as soon as I
get the camera out he goes jumping up
and dead that you're all down Ethan come
here I'm here we're just we were
seriously cuddling we're gonna cuddling
homeboy okay family portrait come on
Bosh just like cuddles - you want to
come what can you do okay I know you can
do that
seriously this get old karma amen bang
oh you did it job karma I am having a
little snack it's a green smoothie
deliciousness
it has spinach avocado a lemon and
strawberries and of course orange juice
as the base and it's super good I did
have to take a little bit of a break
from them because it wasn't really
working during the first trimester and
then it's taken me a while to get back
into you know drinking them again so we
just sent some packages and got some
packages it seems to be the way that it
always works out these days
there it's Christmas morning the carseat
canopy 800c one size fits most
so it's just like a little blanket
basically that goes over so cute oh this
is from nothing nothing you guys we have
a missing we don't know loses who's this
from if this is from you leave it in the
comments that's so sad huh who is the
fun one man we just hit the mother lode
so we got this awesome
Charlie bananas swim diaper and training
pants it's green a Charlie banana diaper
pail oh cool so it's a large waterproof
bag perfect to store your soiled diapers
until they're ready to wash three extra
small charlie banana which say goodbye
disposable hello clawsome funny oh
that's really really cool these are
extra small so they'll probably fit
newborn yeah a little better you know we
also got a extra small charlie banana
just an orange one Oh kill some Charlie
banana organic cotton wipes what's me
all-natural cloth wipes as well so I got
two of my CIS yeah and then six one
sighs Charlie banana typers with 12
inserts Wow crazy guy this is not my
mother lode right here easily inserts oh
my gosh
are you freaking out yeah I really want
to look at them uh awesome light blue
black all this one's cool has little
robots on it um dark blue uh another
blue and then a plain white wow that's
so cool look I'm freaking out this is so
much I know obviously this is like a ton
of diapers you guys are probably
wondering where all these came from and
we've been
old enough telling you until we got them
and actually we didn't know we'd be
getting them this soon
but the other day we got an email from
Charlie bananas PR department and the
actual CEO was just randomly watching
our vlog and was randomly watching the
one where we were and target our own
personal target looking for Charlie
bananas and we couldn't find them
anywhere and so the CEO then told them
you guys got to send them some stuff
because they were so upset that our
target didn't carry them eliminated
contacted us and we're like we just love
that you guys are going to start cloth
diapering and we think it's great that
you guys have chosen to do that and also
not a not only cloth diaper but cloth
wipe which Charlie banana cares as our
carries as well so they were so excited
they loved what we were doing already
for the cloth diaper and community
before we even had our baby you know
like just spreading the news and telling
everyone what we're doing and they sent
us all this stuff to try out cloth
diapering and really really get us
started so I'm just like so grateful for
them so thank you Charlie banana for
helping us out this is so cool I mean it
speaks for itself
look at all this awesome stuff yeah
freaking out goodbye disposable hello
cloth Missy and I are practicing
combined with these it is a little
confusing
I think we're getting it because we have
all the all the all the diapers that
were in the set we're set to large so
we're seeing how they do its small and
Missy went in and pinched them all and
so it makes the legs really small oh
yeah
super cool and nice and soft to stick
him right there I'm sorry we don't know
who this is from so please tell us if
that's from you and thank you so much
because it's really cool it's something
we really needed yeah and I don't even
honest I don't think I put anything on
my registry for it maybe it was actually
the company car seat canopy because it
said it came straight from that but I
don't know Brian is getting ready to
change my tire of course
brian is malicious a this is car
changing of tires and car stuff is not
his forte we're talking about it done it
for you every single time you've had a
fly and it's just not your forte he's
looking for the jack of course there
isn't one in business there isn't one
because I felt like I don't need a jack
I need an umbrella who you're doing it
the car lifting yeah it's working
it's talked in my tongue you don't go in
the trunk you weirdo it's hot you need
some shade he'll talk huh you look hot
like sexy yeah okay but I'll sit oh good
job it's the only way to get started did
you on all of them yeah cuz they're all
accepted you were tightening SuperDuper
tight that's official lingo right they
did a 3-game yeah that's him like in
real life
oh my gosh that's his face and like
crazy hey check it out guys handing me
i'm brian at it again
hopefully that's on right are you sure
it's alright don't miss a couple times
uh now we got to go get Missy a new tire
I don't think they'll patch that it's a
pretty old tire and check out this loser
just chilling on the wall so we're going
to get Missy's tire changed now and if
you don't know anything about Missy's
car it's pretty annoying uh these things
hit you in the face all the time and
this it doesn't know what she's doing so
what
no it does a it's cars a great car Missy
it's paid off I mean we gotta enjoy it
sucks it's I mean maybe it'd be nicer if
you cleaned it you cleaned it so we've
pretty much found out why her tires flat
is cuz there's a no screwed in there
that look it looks like someone screwed
it in there Bay bar is currently in the
shop we have to kill an hour this is
doing it the best way she knows we
walked across the street and we're gonna
go do got you a ball a ball you probably
look really weird but we're sitting on
these beanbag things waiting for the car
waiting from the caller name it's been
an hour like walk by us and it's like I
don't know why we're in Walmart people
do weird things in Walmart all the time
all right
just got the car and it's clean I like
it when they clean it but when we saw
them doing it we know I said they rolled
this window down and if you don't know
all of Missy's windows are like broken
like none of them roll up so if you roll
them down they're stuck down like this
one has literally been open that much
for like three years and it's so
annoying because every time we get the
car fixed they ever they roll all the
windows down and then it takes like
forever for us to like try and Jimmy him
back up but Missy saw that it was rolled
down and she was freaking out but this
actually must be one of the windows that
kind of works every time I get in the
car after someone works on it the sea
always feels like it's been adjusted for
like Bigfoot or something check out this
hot pregnant chick I'm gonna pick her up
hey baby get in stop sexy I know I told
that because you were freaking out what
are you doing
it's like stupid peasants I said Troy
Bay which that is the drawer has been
missing out no he told you but we took
the drawer out and gave it to my friends
so that she can try and match the color
of the crib to the armoire that she's
working on which she's almost done with
that and that way then I can just start
hanging things up and oh my gosh I'm so
looking for
like hanging up his clothes just love
this picture we actually hung it up I
can't stop staring at it I made it my
wallpaper on my phone so that I can look
at on my phone it's just so amazing I
can't believe they did that for us I
want to show you really quick we
actually received this card from Heather
um it's so crazy because like we don't
know if she did this did she draw this
it's so well done but it says baby boy
Oliver all in the same writing so I
think she I kind of think that she drew
this
it's really awesome she did but we liked
it so much we just thought it was so
cool and like so well done that we
actually hung it on our wall all right
guys so today is Wednesday which means
it is epic comment one and I love doing
that little effect thing on my voice
we're gonna start with Facebook first we
got a post on Facebook by Natalia
she said my new puppy karma named after
karma God look at you guys thank you and
she named him after karma that's right
now that is like the coolest thing ever
Oh a puppy named Ned for you honey their
little puppy after you boy this is from
Jodi um she said this is Mike she posted
this picture on her wall and she said
this is my daughter Chloe she started
watching your videos on her iPod and
after seeing them she I was giving her a
haircut she requested hair like Missy so
here she is with a hair like Missy oh my
god so cute and she looks adorable have
you seen the picture no I haven't in
this picture
uh-huh that is so cute so that's awesome
thank you so much Jody for sharing that
that is just too cute she's adorable the
blue eyes we got tagged on an Instagram
from Elena and it says my baby girl
loves her daily bumps - it's basically
her baby you know watching us actually
on the live stream it's just so cute I
love how little like children and babies
like love to like watch us and they
laugh at us and some that's just so cute
so thank you Lena for tagging us on that
all right
last
at least we're doing YouTube and crazy
for jet sir commented and said does
Parma have a macrame cobbler he does and
he seriously loves it he's had a since
he was a baby never huh and like if you
take it off him he gets really mad and
he wants you to put it back on it and
then this is his other one which we made
and it's got it's got beads and it's
like we made it a certain way it's just
really cool and he seriously gets so
upset if we take it off like he has to
have it on but yeah and we made this
like years ago and he says he's like
been in a baby he's like uh hello that's
mine yeah okay god yeah so he had had
this since he was baby who died was it
yeah get a plate you repeat your plea
okay alright guys we are headed to bed
we got friends on tell us what episode
this is because you guys always get it
right it's hilarious and we will be
seeing you guys tomorrow I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog I'm really excited that
we saw all of our space today that was
insane and totally unexpected but yeah
thank you guys so much for watching and
we will see tomorrow by driving a
Gatorade cuz I like to drink a beer
shortcut I like
you like glue weird that glues a flavor
glue should not be a flavor what yeah
for 50 cents more you can get the big
ones yeah that two four six
