yeah okay
having avoided Burgoon I once again
tried to crack an egg and they're
showing it fellow protein I have a
theory that every good morning starts a
bacon
mmm I gotta put that in my app I am
having eggs ala Missy I have a little
bit egg shell and I'm I'm just kidding a
lot of it yeah oh all of it okay wait
are they there okay normally I like I'm
in the toast oh you mean like in like
the whole what
I'm sorry kind of Poland picture a
beginning it's just butter to eat my mom
just base times me and I wanted to
introduce her to you guys and she's like
wait wait let me put some lipstick on
her by she's trying are you doing it now
yeah alright this is wait hang on let it
adjust this is my mom say hi mom hi mom
oh you're talking to YouTube
oh hi bumpers there you go
she's an Idaho she's actually at my
sister's new place so she's calling me
and she told me she just sent me a
hundred dollar gift card to Burlington
for baby stuff so super excited and this
is my sister say hi wait let it let it
let it do there you go my full sister
she's like giving me crap because in our
Q&A I called her my half sister and she
is my full sister I mean we live
together almost our whole lives so
you're a whole lot my rule is together
yes just clarify that we're both there
is there's a baby in there it's your
grandson and your nephew hey I'm so
happy
why are you naming them we can't say yet
but just turn your camera off and tell
me okay I'm gonna turn the camera off
and tell her alright so we are headed
out I'm super excited because we're
gonna go look at baby stuff hey it's
about time it's like really it's time
we're literally staying ready let's go
pick stuff out and I'm gonna say think
we're taking back that crib that Ryan
bought I'm living it on him cuz he was
the one who was inpatient he blames it
on me but really I was like wait I want
to be a hundred percent before we buy it
and then he pressed you know I mean I
said he could press it but you not I
mean so in the end I think we're taking
it back and we're getting probably a
mini crib and some I would I might what
I really want is a mini crib and a
changer together just because even
though I wouldn't normally want the mini
just because I think that it's going to
mean sooner having to switch it out with
a bigger crib but our room is just so
limited in space that a big crib and a
chain
injur is going to start getting a little
crowded so that's what we're doing today
we're going to try and figure out what
exactly we want what we want to do and
then figure out what kind of paint we
want which that's like I'm really
excited for that part so we're getting
ready to leave but I just remembered we
actually have a bassinet in our car we
haven't shown this to you guys but I'm
gonna get it out and show you guys maybe
come on come on come on little boat come
on okay I thought what is this let's go
to it I think this cuts today yeah so
this is the best net Missy's cousin
actually gave us that she used with her
baby so we're at Babies R Us and we're
actually looking right here at the crib
that we ordered but it's in white but
this is kind of what it looks like we're
not kind of it's gonna make the cut yeah
we're not really sure
I just I'm thinking that we're gonna
need to go with a smaller crib with us
with because I want a changing table and
if it's gonna be attached I think it
needs to be attached to it so the other
option that we really really like is
over here it's actually this mini crib
right here so this is it and then this
is the changing table attached to it
with drawers but this one doesn't come
in white so now I gotta say do I want
white do I want this color because I got
a match this color then with the dress
to that I just bought which i think is
going to be very difficult to do yeah
I don't know what I'm gonna do five like
could swing my baby yet we're not
looking at swings it seems like the name
of the game with swings is distraction
yeah like when you need a break you put
them in the swing and you give them a
distraction look at these ones even have
light shows like they have lights that
come out of there and entertain the baby
interesting we just got out of beavers
or us but we found they're having like a
little bizarre over here or like a
farmers market no farmers market but
selling a bunch of goodies so we're
gonna go look to poppy shy puppy puppies
I grabbed a burrito from this taco place
that we were next to I'm about to get a
look at that checked out
oh yeah there's no way I'm gonna be able
to finish all that that looks dope brush
this is actually in subway because she
didn't want Mexican food so she's in
this huge long line but I just read on
my phone that Cady tart from the
Shaytards is expecting baby number five
so that's just so cool congratulations
they were like a huge inspiration for us
to you know when we were starting a
family to vlog it and that's so cool
like I read it I literally got Christmas
all over me and I tweeted them and stuff
so cool they actually just announced it
at playlist live which I wish we were
acts it's like this huge YouTube thing
but I mean we just got started in
YouTube but how awesome would it be if
we were at playlist live 2013 or way it
is 2013 2014 that would be so cool look
at my beautiful new burrito I have I had
to get a new one I hate complaining but
it was full of onions I'm just I'm not
an onion eater and missus Lee pretty
much wasted half her life in the subway
okay so we're just gonna eat lunch and
then we have a few more places to run to
I think we're having paint
so so we are at Home Depot now and we
got some chair railing for the baby's
room we're going to use that to separate
the two separate colors if you sort of
saw our design that we went or that we
did in Photoshop in yesterday's vlog so
let's big pain in the butt to pick one
what we did and I sucked with a saw and
so I had to saw it but you know pretty
good now I feel like I'm in a Three
Stooges movie
and this is my wife all day every day
this is all she does
so you think we can please she looks hot
I know you gotta figure out how to get
it into our little car how we got the
stick out my window straight up all the
way to the front
it's our seat you can track it and I
feel she will be whatever you did you
put the seat down
no sanely but it would make it go down
we did it yeah yeah once again you were
right I wish you just listen to me
sometimes but I just have to let him
figure it out for himself
yeah I'm a guy I got on my way I get
that I make it seem like it was my idea
yeah I do do that sometimes but um it's
actually in here perfectly like it
literally fits all the way across our
little car can do a lot of things
alright just left Walmart with our paint
which was probably the most stressful
thing I've done yet we basically made
decisions very quickly which is always a
mistake for me so I always go back and
go oh crap that's not what I wanted but
I mean the blue the bit like the baby's
room I feel good about all those colors
we made a super fast quick decision
though for our room decided we want to
pay our room and we went with a more
neutral color than going with the baby's
room theme kind of color so we made this
quick fast decision which i'm i still
feel sick about so i don't know
hopefully hopefully it's not a mistake
everything is just beautiful and amazing
so we are looking at strollers right now
and i'm seriously just getting so giddy
like I can like a picture our baby in
this and like we will do all of these
things are like okay this is so nice
like yeah I love this one I love like
the orange look it's got a little window
hey you can see them so when we go to
Disneyland we can see him like it hi
baby hi baby
yeah this one's super nice
I really like it for having lots of fun
yeah you know I just want I just like
this is all this is really really cool
and all but I just really want my baby
in there I know right no we just want
the base like I've been getting like
this rush coming through me like
picturing him in there it's not really
crazy you know Brian found exactly what
he wants and the diaper bag look like a
dad yes you do
boy did Disneyland we just need a baby
now stop
I do like I'm not like 100% certain
about this one just cuz I feel like it
doesn't have enough pockets I actually
kind of like this one more cuz it's got
tons of pockets whoa whoa whoa yeah
what's going on access wipes instantly
there you go that's cool but you won't
be using wipes yeah doesn't mean we
can't have wipes for cleaning but yeah I
do like this through really you thinks
it's more like a purse you got to get
something neutral so the eyelet cooler
this is brown huh put it on a little it
it you have to wear it like a purse babe
- I just found this a huge bush of
flowers that I've never seen before it's
just like literally all these flowers
just popped up and look how pretty they
are
yeah like we pulled up and we were like
wait is that new I know I mean a lot
like I think with it fallish I did like
a ton of yard work um like I just
clipped a ton of things back and maybe
by doing that maybe I clipped this bush
and it grew back flowers I don't
remember seeing those flowers but it
just looks so pretty because they're in
front of our little angel witches was
actually my grandma's mr. karma
chameleon he missed us yeah we're just
getting everything prepared to start
painting and we are actually taking off
Missy stickers now so all these flowers
and green and we're all going bye-bye
there's a fun run hopefully by the time
she does her next bump date everything
will be done she'll have a really really
nice
background & Decor thing going on you
see look what I got wait you took it off
already
yeah why patient what one it was like a
big moment for me oh well is a big
moment while I was pulling it off watch
it on the fly
rather than I got I have all one super
car what this thing is insane would you
find it yeah nothing beyond that is so
cool
Eddie it's so you just have to pop it on
there are a few drops in it just pop it
on she go D after like pump it or just
pump oh you just pull a ballot back okay
that is so cool
so we have officially started painting
you guys I'm putting now the bottom
darker color blue it's going to dry a
little darker I just put a first coat on
there
but I'm going to paint that over one
more time and then I'm going to do the
light color the stripes all on here and
then I'm put the dark stripes on there I
also have a little time lapse camera
going hello hello so every time we start
putting things together for the nursery
we're going to set up the time-lapse
camera and have it go so we can do like
a video on Missy's channel of a
time-lapse of the nursery from start to
finish up so and then Missy can later on
in the video give a complete tour and
show off every little detail the nursery
on her channel so that should be cool
you've had to put the bottom when I'm
first
dang look at that look at me even has
like a little filter thing or something
yeah that's funny yeah it it is
water-based paint for just being extra
careful no you cannot help at all a
little washer
yeah then block here but it's only I see
is painting the what do they call chair
rails chair rails that are gonna go in
the middle of the wall that separate the
colors every billion like being
suffocated her
seriously yeah yeah yeah this thing is
hard to like you take a deep breath and
that's fine but then you let it out and
it's like uh makes your face all hot all
right so the bottom has a second coat on
it and now I'm doing the top and I'm
gonna just do it this whole really
really light blue on the whole thing and
then put the dark blue stripes over that
poor karma wants to come in so bad huh
good means ooh Benny Hill just knock
over paint and probably rub up against
the wall and my boy he's like I swear
you just said I promise I won't the room
you guys it's a mess and I was really
hoping to get all this done by tonight
but it's probably not gonna happen so
it's gonna be a mess for a while so I
apologize for that so we are all done
with our second coat of paint for the
top half and now we're working on the
stripes which was kind of confusing to
get that tape on there because you have
to like make it so that this part you're
painting but in this side the tape has
to be on this side it is just kind of
confusing and weird but once we do this
then we're pretty much done just need to
get the chair railing on which is
already painted I see my dad to cut it
which I think he's gonna have to do it
tomorrow so that's okay um now we're
just finishing up and
I think it's gonna look really awesome I
think the chair really was going to
really tie it in and stuff so I'm really
excited I already got paint on my shirt
go go go go go go go go
oh we just finished painting the stripes
all right so we're getting ready to peel
off the tape here we go I'm so so so
nervous
good okay yeah I think we're good was a
little bit that's pretty dang good
though yeah
very straight
hey cool oh my this we're gonna have to
go over that oh oh that's okay and it's
like we mattress was next to like was
just leaning against it on the black
curtain and I picked it up into little
lights up so like crimping right there
how we care yeah that was cool so we are
going to erase some names now but before
we do someone has actually added some
more for our consideration we looked at
the chalkboard and there are a few more
names added sir poopy bottom Tommy pees
a lot um there's also Gary buck which is
my dad's like alter-ego very weird hey
do you so Harry Potter oh and Harry
Potter wait which I actually asked Missy
I told me see I really wanted to name
our kid Harry Potter she just she didn't
want over something not it no I didn't
really address
oh and dress yeah so board is full so
we're gonna race a lot today yeah I'm
sorry
we just had an episode the camera fell
in between them you guys were in here
and they couldn't even vlog it but you
fell in between the bed and I had to
squish it down and he had to put her
hand and kept it kept uh letting it go
so I'll get the squeegee my arm
sorry sure I'm okay yeah okay Oh nope
it's not on the bed hey wait a minute is
it in there yeah beautiful
mmm oh it's right there babe on the end
of them oh you all
oops I just don't work I'm going to race
one that actually is an awesome name and
color the publish just named her son it
so I'm erasing William not ours well I
will rinse it okay our son's name is
also not trip trip they're disappearing
fast they are the whole like the rails
in the middle just pull it all together
yeah it's like you can't even really
look at it it doesn't yeah finish then
when we put the rails like just to see
what it looked like it literally just
pulls it all the others awesome we have
to go to bed cuz I have to work in the
morning fog till you drop
alright I hope you guys had a great day
great weekend you guys are watching this
on Monday so Monday socks I'm actually
very much looking forward to Monday
tomorrow you are I'm so gonna sleep in
pers log to you draw hashtag that on
Twitter and follow me if you're not we
got a bunch of new subs today so new
subs if you're not following me on
Twitter go to the description I'm
following me cuz I would be awesome I
think do you hear that that's you guys
right there you guys are so awesome I
only need 40 more followers oh I see yes
cool alright well good night see you
guys tomorrow bye does he told me that
Targa actually has hot beverages or ten
having much luck
this is all we could find it is people
what does that mean my things are go in
there or they're just cloth better be
like you know like design my god you
showed
