oh hey look they can just be in it with
us you guys are gonna be okay okay I'm
gonna go
Oh
having a boy named where do you - hey
everyone
so it's livestream day we're counting
down the minutes cuz we're looking at it
like one hour we kind of woke up late
today what was I doing I came in have
you given her to your telling you to do
something you're over here oh wow what
like you guys will see and if we need to
position the camera or the that what is
it called the computer computer into a
direction that will actually make it
more convenient for all of us
karma chameleons go already are you all
ready boy did you take your shower and
do your makeup you look gorgeous as
always
yes you do oh you got shocked - yeah I
always hurts here on tree cuz you're
just so cute he literally only asked for
treats when we're vlogging cuz he just
like knows isn't the craziest thing you
need a new trick boy what should I teach
you to do oh he actually does know the
play dead
ready Bing know what it's a variation
yeah
sometimes it does it wrong sometimes you
forget not to roll over okay ready karma
Bing no think no big guys a good boy he
just forgets he just wants to do the
rollover it's just way cooler all right
guys we got 45 minutes until the
livestream is she sending out a little
Instagram but we're running to go do
some stuff roll even really fast because
basically right when we're done with the
live stream I have to go shoot a wedding
and so I have to
have everything prepared and whatnot
okay check the RSVP event today and
there was 300 people who said they were
going so that is really really awesome I
expected maybe like a hundred I was like
maybe we'll get like a hundred of our
most loyal fans and now there's 300 so
that's insane and I can't wait to hear
Nelson at the helm perform live because
they're amazing
also I woke up with a little cold so
that's why my voice is like all sexy
instead does my voice sound sexy yeah
what's up BAE BAE
it really is I sound like B view in uh
yeah smell gas smell again all right we
just grabbed some packages and we're
really excited because this one is from
Heidi Kim who is Missy's like one of
Missy's favorite mom bloggers pretty
sure that there's a plethora of cloth
diapers in there and I sold all of my
cell phone I'm so excited that a puppy
we're very stupidly decided to go to
Starbucks before we head home and the
line is like really long hello we have
30 minutes you should be fine
last time I was here though they took
like 15 minutes I don't know about you
guys but our Starbucks did just take
forever
Missy's dealing with a work emergency
don't stress out baby the Haguenau um
she this is what she does her day off
and she checks her work email and then
this is what happens I should have gone
home and done it I forgot yeah but you
did it and your anything brain is like
ruining me feel like we've been in the
sky forever
I ordered a chocolate Frappuccino with
no coffee which basically is
it basically has no comment like coffee
at awesome but they gave me mocha which
has a coffee flavor in it and I didn't
like that so I had to go back in get the
right one so that kind of wasted a few
minutes but they were pretty fast I mean
why can't they be that fast in the first
day so like I handed them my drinking I
was like this has coffee in it I want
chocolate and then they just whipped it
up and gave me a new one and it's
perfect stuff all right we're Q minus
like five minutes and Brian is getting
final touches down Karma's freaking out
he just wants treats and toys and your
own everything or can't even realize I
just hang out with those / - mom gosh
karma come sit up here with everything
laid out for our live intro lay down lay
down and we've got friends trivia which
I'm actually super excited about me and
Brian were playing it a little bit last
night you know it's actually really fun
I'm probably forgetting something to say
just relax
god we've got our intro ready which I'm
totally nervous about how am I gonna get
in this your chairs too big Brian you
bought it for me
I know oh hey look they can just be in
it with us you guys are gonna be out of
that okay guess what everyone relies oh
so now you guys are watching here and
then you're watching here and then
they're gonna watch there and then it's
gonna be like your brains gonna explode
they hi to themselves as you're watching
this tomorrow go show that oh my gosh
comets are going cray cray you guys
Nebraska Oh Missy what are you drinking
I am drinking a chocolate Frappuccino
and no coffee because I don't like
coffee go to Starbucks and we literally
get or she gets a chocolate shake let's
see so everyone say hi to yourself when
you watch this do you know what
something you guys can see these
comments refresh oh my gosh
see this is insane oh wow we love you
guys this is so cool we had no idea uh
karma
we're opening we're on the live stream
right now hi guys
and Carmen knows that there is treats in
here for him he is so in tune to that
whenever we bring something home he's on
it yeah oh yeah I gotta tell a funny
story okay what are you suck okay okay
she got cute little rawhide sticks
OOP what did he like her she will
definitely eat all these and it's good
um because karma doesn't have any balls
see I'm telling you those are the
inappropriate things that I'd say all
right we just ended our live stream
which was so much fun it was like
insanely crazy and it the time went so
fast I cannot believe we were doing that
for an hour and a half I know that was
so I'm really sad that I had to end that
like I felt like no I told him that this
wasn't a good day because he asked to
get ready for his wedding but well not
his wedding thank you I gotta shoot this
wedding yeah
pee like a mother I drank that entirety
over there so yeah we have got to get
ready but that was so much fun we really
enjoyed it and there was all kinds of
stuff going on so I know there was like
so many like comments and questions and
stuff we didn't even barely got to three
questions out so hopefully you guys
enjoyed it um it looked like you guys
really had a lot of fun so thank you
guys for watching and tuning in to our
live stream or our very first lightning
so hopefully they'll be more that was
insane I know I mentioned that how crazy
that was I am so blown away by you guys
hundreds of people showed up to that
thirty-five hundred comments we reading
through them all you guys have sent me
so many tweets and love and instagrams
and like oh my god yeah but I have to go
I got to shoot this wedding and I don't
even have my gear ready and I think I
had a love flash in here that I need
what else do I need think that'll be
good
oh I need my little this thing so yeah
getting everything ready and I'm gonna
head off to those shoot this wedding my
husband is leaving me I have to go I'm
sorry I love you bye mm-hmm
see ya why you want history
inappropriate I hate when he leaves me
it's always so sad and I really don't
like when he leaves and has to drive he
has to drive like two three hours away
think it's like a two-hour drive and so
that's kind of why I didn't really want
to go I had no idea it was like a lake
but it
like in the forest okay shut these
windows so you can hear me but I'm in
the I'm like driving up a mountain I had
no idea right I left with just under
half a tank of gas and I have literally
been writing E all the way up to
Scotland I'm so afraid that I'm going to
run out of gas on the side and I'm not
seeing gas stations or like civilization
anywhere and I'm freaking out open the
box of Hattie Kim got us on the live
stream she did give us a card that says
to Oliver from Roslyn if you don't know
Heidi Kim just had her daughter she's 7
weeks old now and her daughter's name is
Roslyn so Roslyn wrote Oliver a little
card and um it's all about
diapering to some cute your Oliver I
hope you enjoy your fluff I sent you
some of my favorite diapers the fuzzy
buns fit me when I was actually a
newborn and the Charlie bananas fit - I
thought you liked the rocket ships the
bum genius isn't all in one my daddy
likes all in one's the best but you can
fold it in the front
since I'm told boys tinkle more than
more that way okay plus it looks like
Einstein's chalkboard I'm sure you'll
learn all about him and the perfect bum
is my mom's favorite as long as you
don't a poop all over it like I do
PS mommy and daddy and I pray for you
every night before I go to sleep I'm
excited to meet you I hope you like
older women so cute and then she put her
foot print on it so excited like my
cloth diapering is just coming together
so well and it's just getting crazy so
thank you again Heidi you are awesome
okay I found a gas station yay look at
my I don't know if you guys can see but
yeah pretty much I wrote it all the way
and I think I just reached the top of
the mountain so I'm at a gas station so
I'm going to get gas so that I can
actually like a tennis thing and I'm
running ahead of schedule which is
really really cool oh I just came in
here and obviously while karma was
distracting us he grabbed me or Mac and
he like literally slobbered and got his
goofiness all over it you will Brad
luckily he didn't tear it up but he got
his slobber they could
no Krusty now this is so funny okay so
I'm watching
um the livestream right now just kind of
see like how we did and how it looked
and all of that and karma heard his name
on it is so funny okay okay hi everyone
yeah make up ere we go oh oh ah
gonna go from one are you treatable
we're just talking on
it's insane he is he usually really
hates it when we watch our vlog or if
we're talking to the camera because he
just doesn't understand like it's like I
don't know I think he has like major
déjà vu hey guys guess what I'm on my
way to shoot the wedding but I decided
before I get up there I'm gonna get
naked
hey Kelly's here if you don't remember
her she was in the gender reveal video
um or the gender reveal party that's
when she came down and we've got Aiden
say hi Aiden hi this is her son he's
three yeah three years old so he's super
cute he's like the coolest dude ever
like he seriously says like the coolest
things we really going um no he's doing
no teeth why is deciding that we need to
go to Chuck E Cheese what what Twitter
we go now what Oh
Oh
no I like new game so I am at the resort
right now and it is stinking nice like
this here's another here's a holiday
open on the floor in the tractor engine
alright so you just have to slice some K
you guys slice my life
get up
look excited everywhere we finally found
something those are issues trying to get
a picture of us
we look like such tomorrow
like not a boring
hey judge you just wanted the 50 the
stable to go festival every single time
do you be there for 18 Dylan
No Deal oh gosh Kelly 104 to get my
totally obsessive this game right now
did you have fun yeah yeah you totally
made out so did I I'm all kinds of candy
let me see your v-neck yep there it is
your anyway neck just like Brian there
it is
you like that shirt a guy Chloe you have
lots of colors of V next to drive that's
cool
I totally won that game I need to come
over let me to go out hookin that's good
good cheese good good chucky cheese yes
its own cut the cheese what do you want
you want a hug
hugs hugs eggs okay oh thank you bye bye
oh it's just your knuckles yeah yeah
high-five hey you got it bye peace out
dude alright guys I am just now leaving
the wedding it went a lot longer than it
was supposed to a two-hour drive ahead
of me and it's down a mountain like I'm
not kidding you guys like thin roads and
like hills and yeah I'm pretty like
stressing out about it I don't even know
how to get out of here alright I gotta
use Syria to tell me how to get out of
here so I gotta say bye bye I am getting
ready for bed karma he just came out
here he's being super cute he's got his
little football you love your football
huh anyways I'm so sad it's like 11
o'clock at night and Brian's still not
home I said I hate when he's driving and
now he's tired and it's dark he's
thriving but I got I'm good I'm so tired
I'm actually sitting here I'm having
probably the worst round ligament pain
I've had yet and I've had some pretty
bad round ligament pain but right now
I'm probably you know I'm not getting a
lot of pain well now I'm getting ready
to watch Dexter
I love Dexter I'm
clearly obsessed with it but I I really
don't get the time to watch TV anymore
man I don't know if I've mentioned this
before but I really have to work out my
blogging arm it's like it starts to
really hurt when I logged for a really
long time
but I'm going to bed so I'll see you
guys all tomorrow Hey look you guys I'm
alive I am home now
it was a long drive but I made it and
I'm just gonna get ready for bed and I'm
probably gonna edit this vlog in the
morning because I am very tired and my
ears still have not popped yet from
going down the mountain
everyone was gonna try and guess what
episode we're watching episode are we
watching guys if you can figure out in
the comments so I'm going to go to bed
now
so tomorrow we're going to baby's first
birthday party and karma is begging for
treats you want a treat boy how many
treats as he had what are you doing uh
yeah you do
this is be saying bye-bye so we also
have to get karma dog food and I don't
know how I'm gonna put it in the cart
cuz I am like a mess
oh my gosh closes away oh babe you
should have done that way to make me
feel like a man
there's wait
