okay um so I don't know all that was in
there but we were sitting here we were
like why isn't the link showing okay and
I was like oh you have to hit start
broadcast so that's funny
um let's see you will it show a look pay
attention to our beers babe right here
see wrong it's a link mr. Perham are you
gonna come hang out with us no color no
more toys Missy is thinking that no
one's gonna show up come here
Carmen wait in the closet yeah Syria
oh he just had to get in his coal oh I
gotta put this link or where now I'll
show you the map page first Oh four
people are watching hi guys we are
getting set up here so bear with us I
gotta send out to the masses
oh god this is exciting there's people
watching us on screen oh my gosh I think
people hang on we're getting set up
we're still getting ready Mama's doing
his makeup I posted the link right here
karma yeah I come home we're gonna vlog
really quick okay everyone saying hi
guess what guess what everyone we're
alive ah so now you guys are watching
here that you're watching here you're
gonna watch there and then it's gonna be
like your brains gonna explode so we're
just gonna have our viewers here it's
gonna hit bacon okay hang on I got it
I'm still trying to get everything set
up so that everyone is linked so just
bear with us we have some awesomeness
slow we're live right now come watch um
can you put it on the event page I'm
like where 88 viewers that's real lucky
number 888 oh now 85 three people left
oh sorry
give us a second guys we are still okay
let's
actually see what people are saying all
Sony's kicking like crazy really excited
okay who says we suck okay okay
karma I'm freaking out you hear that
alright I'm going through comments hello
hi oh my gosh people from the UK are
watching us um we are drinking Starbucks
you'll see that in tomorrow's vlog this
you're right how do I clean no Miata one
up here oh you're absolutely right okay
this is so exciting I'm so happy that
it's working I'm so happy you guys found
the comments hi hi you should've told us
to get Starbucks I'm sorry we just like
a funny story we actually were out
running errands we were like okay we
have to be back here in like 30 minutes
and then we're this he's like but I'm
not Starbucks and so we went through
Starbucks and he took forever we were so
afraid very good they put coffee in
migrator okay I got a new one so it's no
coffee Desiree you're fighting all the
gender of your baby in an hour that's
awesome good luck that's like the best
that's the best Missy you gonna finish
the mochi yeah it's basically just a
mess yeah pretty much
okay update automatically okay we are
doing awesome we are getting this I
still haven't sent the link out to the
event page so give me like one minute I
imagine she's not seeing anything okay
well there's people watching yeah it's
working Hornets on max posting the link
on the event page and oh my gosh I'm
looking at who is going 300 people have
RSVP'd that is so stinking cool okay so
links are all up and we're good alright
let's get this started
let's get this started okay how many
viewers do we have yeah there's a lot of
people we're still preparing what do you
mean I put the link on tears come live
link on Facebook okay
the link on YouTube isn't working this
is distracting you James what's why
society can you pause this part oh okay
okay um let's see you've got almost 200
people here that's awesome
we're gonna get started very very soon
you guys so bear with us um this is the
week right I posted that link you know
your mom said it's not working though
see it oh she said she see this oh my
gosh okay okay I see you
okay um it's working thank you guys so
much everyone who's like staying up late
and is around the world that's fantastic
thank you everyone
and it seems that everyone's like a
they're gonna wake up earlier stay up
late that's the most presents you'd be
like middle of the night yeah and the
thing is too is we wanted it to be a
little bit later but um I don't know why
I told his faces but I have to leave to
shoot a wedding in two hours and I
didn't even think about that so I was
like oh we'll do it like four o'clock
and then Missy's like a appreciate
you're shooting a wedding I was like oh
yeah um so oh that's where we're at
thank you guys so much for joining us on
this live stream um there's like over
two of you got 200 of you guys watching
and I'm so except people are saying it's
working on the iPhone yes let's bless
them because after we announced we were
doing a live stream the next day YouTube
updated their app and they said that you
can watch that icon yeah and I was like
that's sick because a lot of people only
watch this on their iPhone and iPad so
that's awesome - ooh York what up Jaclyn
um oh this is so cool there's so much I
have goosebumps right now you guys are
so amazing
comment he's like he's a good boy he
does not like when we talk to the camera
just you guys okay before we officially
get started I want to know where is
everyone from read in the comments where
I know like these comments are going
crazy
Thank You Natasha she feels bad because
there's a lolly coming to go you crazy
okay everyone leave in the comments
right now where you guys are watching us
from and I'm gonna shout out um some
cities Puerto Rico UK Arizona oh my gosh
this is insane East Coast New York
Canada North Carolina oh my gosh
lot of UK people lots and lots of UK
people that's awesome uh Canada Oregon
New York oh my gosh I'd hope hey Chelsea
um Chelsea's watching I actually know
her there's people that we know watching
this right now oh my gosh holy you're
going crazy
Canada North Carolina Cornwall San Fran
Cali um
Canada Western New York Vegas Milwaukee
Sacramento Oregon Brooklyn England Wells
Washington New Zealand Washington State
Louisiana um oh my gosh this is insane
Pennsylvania Northern California
Michigan Ohio South Carolina Pittsburgh
holy crap we're blown away you guys
right now this is insane it we're
getting so many comments that they're
coming in like clubs we're gonna crush
Google you guys holy crap we need to get
this on the blog this is so amazing
we're gonna blog right now so everyone
say hi to themselves as you're watching
this tomorrow
so that oh my gosh comments are going
cray cray you guys the basket Oh Missy
what are you drinking I am drinking a
chocolate Frappuccino and no coffee she
goes to Starbucks and we literally get
or she gets a chocolate shake
I mean you drink it all well she you
can't act UMP it out here no I cannot
let's see so everyone say hi to yourself
when you watch this new watch something
I can see the contrast oh my gosh see
this is insane oh wow we love you guys
this is so cool we had no idea um that
we're gonna have this many people show
up we're not like almost 250 people are
watching this thing right now and we
have a really really awesome um show
plan for you guys and the thing is this
is unedited you guys are watching us
unedited right now something really
stupid I might say something very
inappropriate because sometimes I have
to edit that out especially when we're
at the dairy doesn't a and I'm just
gonna stop myself Oh
what you're drinking oh I'm actually
drinking a raspberry iced ah so to do
calm that's why it's good Nine's got a
million calories yeah she makes up for
all my calories um okay so we haven't
done the intro yet we're gonna give it
two minutes and then we're gonna do the
intro okay cuz we got tons of people I'm
gonna um check the links so Missy you
entertain them okay putting me on the
spot
where's Connor they haven't seen Connor
oh he's over here on the rock how are
you Tommy
come say hi to everyone yeah there we go
oh oh oh oh
mark I'm gonna go for a walk don't you
treat Oh where's your enough
it's insane he is so funny I'm gonna
send all these links one more time cuz
some people said they would not walk all
right
my name is having passion iced tea oh my
gosh there's so many comments I want to
read all these you guys are so cool I
sleep someone is here from Iceland okay
so uh you guys are talking to me and
Missy and talked to comma we're missing
someone there's the book he's getting
super excited right now if it was
probably good I'm excited and we have
ice cream yeah so he makes them happy
there's the little bump in a little
Oliver so anyway oh my gosh she was
kicking like crazy last night you guys
it was literally that was yes I did he's
like I'm so excited he's like oh it's so
cute okay um one minute and we're gonna
do our live intro we have this all
planned out it's probably gonna be a
huge mess um trying um but hopefully
people are finding these links and it's
working yeah yeah like there's like
almost 300 of you guys you guys are
awesome um I know we we shouldn't have
passed out everyone is like I want
Starbucks now all hi baby Ollie you got
a shout-out Delaware
have you been in Delaware when we were
on our road trip to New York is that
like Nebraska no no no no like in a
classic newlyweds moment you guys Missy
says the funniest things yes this little
tiny yes we have not been there all he
has grown oh my god she has show him
your belly does this is really insane
you guys oh I'm actually your actual
belly Hydra underwear it's white like
shiny dudes
he is huge can you guys believe that
he's almost 2 pounds you know I like my
little son is almost 2 pounds like
that's so crazy
all right um okay so we're gonna join a
live intro you guys we got almost 300
people um get ready I'm gonna get this
prepared live intro time you guys ready
I don't know I do people still watch our
intro let us know if you still watch
watch Rho because I know a lot of daily
vlogs they just kind of like skip
through it because it's like always the
same I try and mix it up and actually we
have something really cool later um that
you guys are actually gonna influence
the intro so let me get our theme song
I'm nervous don't be nervous this is
gonna be cool all right you ready oh no
all right you guys live in Showtime we
have seven more people to 300 and then
we're gonna do the live intro so I got
people to do hard right all right
chuckling let's do it
that is not the Samba what play you guys
ready for this
great guys thank you so much all right
that was that how did that look did you
guys not hear the song look retarded
that's my chair she totally jacked my
charity guys thanks so nice okay now how
we are yay people watch our intro that's
awesome um we probably just made it how
was that you guys did we make a total
fool of ourselves your names are these
are bad words which I saw oh my god are
you kidding that words okay the name
showed up bad words
I'm so mad because we're seeing this and
it was backwards and so we wrote it
correctly and then we wrote it backwards
so that it would be right for you guys
oh my gosh
do you know how hard it is to spell
things - oh my god that is so funny okay
so we're gonna move into the next part
are you like out of breath yeah okay I
just got a tweet oh you guys um while
you're watching this lot we're having so
much fun okay while you guys are
watching this you can tweet at Bryan
Lanning at Missy underscore landing um
Annie yeah will read some your guys's
tweets but I just got a tweet from Nick
Barwick
now the intro was awesome next time for
the words around correctly yeah we're
stupid we tested it out and oxygen I did
it okay
um now we're gonna go into the next
portion of this live show I got a text
our band we have a band coming you guys
like they're gonna perform some awesome
music I chatted with them last night and
they played a little something and I was
like so blown away and this is the same
couple they are actually making a song
for Olli like yeah his own song so and
he actually told me the name of it oh we
did chez Tom okay the name of the song
that they are making just for Olly is
miracle in the making
sungkyu I love it and I'm texting the
band to make sure that they're going to
be able to show up oh shut up to Sarah
and baby Noah hi it's gonna read the
whole thing ahead um some people are
asking if we have a Facebook page for
our photography yes I do
it's landing imagery um you can go
facebook.com slash landing imagery and
like me I shot it out like a couple
videos guys and you guys are so cool I
got like 300 new likes which is insane
um so that was really really cool oh my
gosh
um I just got a tweet from Megan my 16
month old is watching your live stream
and loves you guys number-one fan say hi
to Harlow Harlow that's such an adorable
name I don't know I've never heard that
name before
yeah that's right okay Oh Nelson at the
helm is here you guys this is kind of
unexpected but that's cool say how you
guys hey high schools a night yes um we
weren't quite ready we still have the
we're gonna do an awesome Q&A portion
but let's get this out of the way
because um they're amazing and we're so
stoked for you guys to hear their music
so this is Jared Nelson and his wife
Rachelle they are actually coming in
from Idaho all the way from the big
Boise yeah that's where I actually went
to college Jared went to college there
um he studied music he's amazing
he's an amazing songwriter his wife is
an amazing singer I don't know if I ever
told you this Rachelle but your voice
reminds me a lot of the girl from of
Monsters and Men do you get that a lot
whoo-hoo all right um so let's just get
right into this um you guys this is
Nelson at the helm Jared and Rachel will
have will shout out some of their stuff
so you guys can go check out their song
on iTunes in their Facebook page but are
you guys gonna play a song for us yeah
we just released our first single and
it's called me people and we have a
YouTube music video of and it's also a
people download on iTunes and this is
the raw uncut acoustic version of it so
I smell how the sound is if we need to
make adjustments okay uh mechanical
gears and sand you attend magical sweet
Scottish longer cakey J ed its capital
let's got ya hey summer God Muto what
does it feel like think modest FRP
pussies and if I die why am i fighting
oh mighty bizarre until I have my chase
for love
ah I see the angel in the painting
no one anything no cats me bah
I don't know tell me oh oh never backs
down
no never backs down high in pheasant
coop trapped in space any time
oh it's just one mile from the sashka
and yeah nah my love I feel the rain
shower present oh this Chapter II it's
taking me places that I can see dead a
fashion oh my mom and I you
oh my team inside and so I know
Oh No until you guys that's our is so
insane I'm not even kidding when you
guys released that video I watched it a
dozen times I downloaded it right away
it's like all I've been listening to
yeah so awesome you guys good job
yeah um we're gonna do a Q&A portion now
you guys stay on um do you guys have any
questions for Jared and Rachel ask him
and maybe though can you guys see the
comments Jared and Rachel oh no okay
don't worry about it we'll um we'll ask
you some questions I'm checking the
comments right now so if anyone has a
question for Jared and Rachel go ahead
and ask em and then we'll have them
answer we're getting so many comments
it's insane so hopefully they show up
because I have it on automatic comments
but they're like they're going crazy
because you guys are so cool like this
is Lilly
okay so what is the song that you just
performed what's it called mechanical
mechanical and it is on iTunes the band
name is in the title for this livestream
night watching right now um they're
called Nelson at the helm so you can go
to facebook.com slash Nelson at the helm
or search for that on iTunes her voice
Rachelle your voice is insane yeah
everyone are saying I want to cry these
people are so good
that was awesome beautiful so sweet yeah
yeah very nice well done beautiful umm
mephista felis my lord says best light
to best live youtube video ever thank
you guys that's awesome
um like a match made in heaven
they really are okay so we're getting
some questions and now do you guys have
any kids um and you smc wife's journey
wants to know who are your musical
influences oh okay I love folk music I
like an iron in wine and lightly poked
by very indie and Jerry that loves
top-40 mm-hmm Michael Jackson replied
Jimmy world oh I want to be in civil
wars but he's not going for it so we can
you know how to come to a compromise so
helpful or hot well it makes
whatever you guys are doing it's working
because it's every time just hearing you
guys live like I only heard a snippet of
when we were testing out this live
stream but I just have goosebumps you
guys are insane people want to know
where can they get their music um if you
go on iTunes you can search Nelson at
the helm or if you go to their Facebook
page um it's facebook.com slash Nelson
at the helm and there's a link that you
guys can actually purchase a song it's
well worth the $0.99 because I've played
it probably a million times
okay so one more question for you guys
how long have you guys been singing
together
oh so I is probably our third date I I
don't know we we had gone into some
Christmas light show and so we came back
and we're hanging out with her in a
roommates and I thought they had a
guitar at their house which I never play
mine does she own a guitar but she never
played with them so I was like okay well
let's play guitar and sing and she never
really sung and publicly in front of
anybody so this is like our third date
so we're not really dates but we're not
we're not a couple you know and I talk
about like putting someone that's fallen
okay it's a third date how about you
seeing something you know and I had the
biggest crush on Jared for the longest
time and I thought he wouldn't date me
because I wasn't a musician and he was
so good music he he likes to say that I
am like that redhead and I'm from the
movie sister asked you guys what why in
the beginning and she's like phenomenal
voice and so I started here interesting
about like oh my gosh like I liked it
before I heard your voice
I want to put that out there what third
day I think this one who definitely fell
for each other
some people are also asking if you guys
are on YouTube yes they are on YouTube
they have a music video for the song you
guys just heard mechanical you can um is
it youtube.com slash and also at the
home you guys YouTube calms the helm and
um yeah their music videos up there I've
been attaching it to a couple of logs oh
sorry
hang on can you hear us oh yeah okay
okay um so yeah let's go into another
song you guys have another song clan
first right one that's like unreleased
but you've recorded right yeah coming up
midsummer so awesome and I did want to
say you guys um some people are noticing
in the
comments on the right if you enable
automatic updates when someone up or
when someone comments it'll come in
automatically so you don't have to keep
refreshing for the comments I hope that
helps because I had to learn that too
actually
so here we go guys we're gonna have
Nelson at the helm for another song um
hey girl yeah Oh wrong sound effect here
we go right after we got married and it
is about - love that is self sacrificial
love is a rose a wild wild rose and a
beauty without bones got to die to
yourself you gotta think of some water
if love or a stormy one to be told I
wanna be the hero if a name that you'd
succeed a Guinness or Michelle nasty hey
go do you have to pee go now you like it
bacon we got falling in love with you
love resented everybody but underwire
ass MV coz I'm just found on the wall it
is you gotta get adjusted gonna get oh
hey girl hey girl
yeah you gotta take it
you got falling in love baby baby one
thing is true these securities won't
keep me from you baby baby
one thing's true charity will keep me
from you I won't let go hey girl hey
girl hey with you
seriously awesome and I'm so glad that
you sent me that song because after I
heard mechanical I was like I need more
I'm not even kidding like it's so funny
because I've known Jared for quite a
while and like I feel like you guys are
now like my favorite band you're all I
listen to anymore so but it's so cool
because I'm friends with him and I can
get like unreleased tracks and stuff
yeah some people are saying you can
totally tell from just you guys singing
together that you guys are like so in
love and it's totally true because like
why don't you guys talk a little bit
about how your marriage plays into your
songwriting and your performing and
music as a whole I'm even their name I
mean some people don't know why you're
called Nelson at the helm
okay our last name is Nelson and JD's to
jokingly cons off the Admiral Nelson you
a lot and so helm is the steering wheel
with you know we're talking about
stuff so yeah we like to pretend that
we're at the helm but in life you never
actually in control yeah I mean
sarcastic like oh yeah we're definitely
we know what we're doing but we never
game um yeah so actually with
songwriting and I practice times them
and as far as it really started marriage
it's probably the only time you are you
the most we do need to grow come on
change clothes monsters right uh like
naming yeah so I remember when you guys
were playing in the cart when we were
listening in the car you were like oh
hang on Jerry forgot his line you know
so and I think I think we get to be
honest we get insecure about every place
and we get insecure about Tom because I
think music for me is probably been the
hardest struggle because I did I don't
feel like I was given a ton of Nashville
ability and I just spent years working
at it so know if you know but then we
want to do this serious so we have to be
honest with
each other and say well that sound the
best maybe do something else but that's
hard when you're insecure about it so
then you hear that you feel like you're
being attacked and when you're married
because you can't just be like oh this
is just a professional relationship you
have been leading that day yeah but not
together a lot and I got to work through
a lot of stuff oh yeah working on
communication in case conflict
resolution every practice is probably
half of it is guys are doing something
that you love at you're genuinely good
at and at the same time you're like
building your relationship yeah so
that's awesome like we totally are that
and I think we kind of find that when we
do daily vlogs and we film and stuff hey
we when we when we are like filming
sometimes like tension is a little tough
and we have to be like okay we need to
calm down we need to take a break we
need to like hug it make out for 10
minutes and like relax because that's
how it is you know when you are with
someone that you love are you doing
something they are both very passionate
about like there's I definitely
understand like that budding thing so
yeah yeah I mean music was definitely a
passion long before I'm not the show but
now that we get to do it together like
it comes down to if she is she kind of
quit wanting to sing or something like
that I have you gotta be done cuz I'm
like the only way I'm doing music is
it's for show you guys looking such you
I'm playing with sound effects you guys
that's awesome you're gonna tell some
stories about you you told me oh did you
guys want your stories I mean okay how
about you I tell a story if you guys
have any more questions for Nelson at
the helm type them in the comment box
now and I can ask them before they head
out so what do you really afraid your
what you gonna tell him okay so when I
don't know we went over to Missy's
parents house right and I think you guys
had just gotten karma I think karma was
still is still kind of happy but it was
Steve still a pretty big size buffer and
I was I was just amazed at the fact that
your your parents were they had this
pawn and I don't know there's a pond
mrs. fence so this is passing on it does
have a lake / - Ellie - deep are you
talking about the actual lake that was
behind the house yeah uh yeah it was
like a oh well it was like nasty like a
pond it was like as big as a lake you
guys see this you guys different I am
look at him
cuz I'm sorry good fun so you guys had
this paddle boat right it helped me
remember correctly because the so did
you tells I'm not totally sure about but
I do remember I was just floored that
you guys had a paddler because like who
has a paddle boat right so I'm like
we're definitely going out there on this
play and I think I think it was all
three of us I think it was like a
two-man paddle boat that all three of us
decided to get in since cattle boat yeah
so we get out there we're paddling and
we noticed that there's a leak in the
paddle boat and it's taking on water
three of us there's many of us so we're
thinking whoa we should probably get to
shore but then carbon sort are sorry I
mean karma you start swimming wake up
he's gonna drown so we're like we gotta
get to shore so we're making our way to
shore but he catches up to us and trying
to get in and it's already sinking water
is nasty on water minutes of leg it's
huge yeah yeah you know taking the whole
side down we're just taking in water and
I'm like God I get this work so we gotta
get short and yeah we apparently do
friends that almost hook it up yeah yeah
Jason afraid because he wanted trouble
swimming that he wanted what
I do remember that he was all swimming
out there and then just right to get on
he's like falling off of it oh my god I
can't get over this you guys you know
okay I would help disclose one secret
about farmer okay
Pharma loves you guys he absolutely
loves you guys he pants little puppy he
did and he's awesome watching you guys
like play with him it's awesome
I have something to say jade was like
hey guys well to new dogs and Jake was
like do they still have that evil dog
and I just play turn the computer to no
means like that's the one
oh my gosh I was gonna be your roommate
if you guys remember that karma wanted
to kill me watching the movie and all
sudden like karma would be fine you'd be
playing like that okay what I was
getting up here is your card anyway you
just get up and start barking at me like
crazy like letting me like growling yeah
he's let's see
it's Heaphy reacts who's that talk so he
sees you hey mama yeah I'm holding a
ball something paper is really he picks
and chooses chooses who he likes me
doesn't like a lot of really tall guys
and like with scary voices I remember it
was actually your laugh
he didn't like your laugh that's what it
was is my love yeah it's actually a lot
of people's last because even my mom
when my mom would come and visit and
she's watching hi mom hi sister I love
you guys um my mom would come and visit
and um I think that he didn't like her
lap and we're we're very happy family
and we're loud if you don't know my
family we are loud wait you guys see him
in a vlog like we are so funny totally
the opposite of Missy's family so it
kind of evens it out a little but my mom
walks in and like she'll say one word
and be like why I'm talking so loud and
you're like that all I can
just he's actually always been like I
swear like I knew I said this before
he's like autistic he's really weird
about pounds
he doesn't like certain things like you
think he's like he gets really excited
but if it's like a scary music than he
gets ya the karma chameleon song we used
to say to him he would like start crying
freaking out and jumping up and I don't
think you know he hasn't been responding
to it actually in the last night he's
gotten used to it but didn't like it did
you get my treat he needs a tree he's
being such a good boy it's right because
we'd watch comedies and I'd be laughing
at the movie and be happy
I forgot about that yeah just be like ah
yeah bring it laugh all laugh and we'll
be good yeah okay so we got a couple
questions coming in from the comments
for you guys I can't believe already at
40 minutes and like we've been doing
this for 10 minutes like what I'm having
so much fun thank you guys who are
watching and like hanging out with us
this is insane I thought I I think I saw
it peek up to like 350 people at one
point so that's insane that you guys
like yeah so um let's see someone asked
Jared how did you and I meet actually
let me let me answer this um Jared and I
met in Boise we both attended Boise
State but I don't think I'm I don't know
I met you a Boise State I think it was
through church right yeah Lindsay Horst
and Chelsea oh my god if you're watching
I think they are watching what those two
are amazing people okay so they're
roommates and Jessica you guys that were
living in a house so these are all like
friends of ours essentially and we kind
of all had like a gathering and we would
all just hang out at Lindsay's house and
play parties and stuff and you show up
with your guitar Hey my biggest thing
ever okay we'd all be like let's watch a
movie
you'd be like let's watch a movie and
then Jared what would you say I'd say
let's talk about our feelings
hey Jared would only want to sit down
and like Indian style and like
and just talk about life he's a deep
deep guy oh wow
Chelsea risco saying hey Rochelle and
Jared hey um someone wanted to know Oh
Jerry
people are saying you look like Ashton
Kutcher did you get that a lot I got
that one time in my life wait one time I
kind of see it in the camera into the
camera but they're not not in real life
it's the beard it's the beard he looks
like Tom Cruise in real life yeah no
I've got that look for but thank you
yeah um so Rebecca Liz Lazar Evek said
this is definitely worth getting up at
8:00 a.m. on a Sunday thank you or like
I got someone saying that they set their
alarm from Australia cuz I think it's
pretty late in Australia or early what
time is it yeah yeah don't tell us in
the comments let's talk about our
feelings okay uh I wanted to go into one
quick thing Jared I'm kind of throwing
this on the spot got some people in the
comments were wondering about all of our
song do you think do you think you can
you guys can talk about it maybe um I
have the lyrics we haven't announced any
of the lyrics um maybe if you guys can
like tell a story about how you came up
with a song or what your inspiration was
um what your feelings were behind it and
then maybe share like your favorite part
of the song okay totally um so you
called us Bryan and we're just telling
us how you know you wanted a song for
the reveal
and so I was thinking about it and I'm
like okay
what what would I tell my son and I also
wanted to include you guys this little
bit story was going out with you guys
just thinking about even things that I'd
want my own dad tell me and my dad has
totally admitted great things sometimes
he has this case sometimes men are men
and we did quiet we've done sales online
we don't get too emotional I'm talking
about feelings so just kind of like the
opposite of you it's feelings time
Chelsea just shout it out it's feelings
time yeah so um I don't know it is
something about what I would want to say
to my son and show us thinking about
like as a woman that she'd want to say -
oh yeah I think you know a new day of us
we just got married eight months ago and
to me there wasn't even a phase in life
where work or having kids right now but
that's not too far off you know it's in
the distant future and I think we're
just really excited for you guys because
it's like you can almost relate you know
we get to watch you guys go through this
right before us and so does thinking
like you know what what hopes would we
have for our child community the world
you know your you'd like responsible for
this who person is amazing it's know and
anyway so just kind of wanted dirt right
about like few parents and their awesome
cards for their kids which obviously you
guys have a second awesome heart for
Oliver and you're going to be anything
hey I think also we wanted to address
just the fact like a lot of people our
age a lot of our peers they think like
having kids is more of a negative oh no
like we had a kid how we don't have a
life no and and it was sort of like oh
wow get ready yeah so yeah but at the
same time it's like thousands of years
that was never a negative thing I mean
if you think about life I mean at the
end of your life do you want to have an
amazing career you can have a family
around you you know and I think having a
family is so much more valuable so I
kind of wanted what we kind of learned
to put that in there too so I
I don't know we just I had a lot of
different ideas and I bounce them off
you and you said go with the Irish girl
so we have this Irish feel kind of sound
yeah it's a very um I've listened to it
a couple times when you were doing it in
the car it's very like tempting
it's very Celtic folky but also like
poppy and like there's huge influences
from some of our favorite bands in there
like I can't I am so excited to listen
to it and he was telling me what we're
actually recording it this week it's
gonna be done this week and I was like
oh my god I could be listening to it in
a week and then Rochelle is like but we
might not show it to you until it's time
I was like yeah totally
uh I have the lyrics in front of me um
how about I'll share I'll share one of
my favorite lines and then Jared you can
talk about it a little bit is that cool
okay so this is a lyric from the song
that Nelson at the helm is putting
together for baby Oliver it says a man
is never truly be told how his life is
to unfold those eyes will see mountains
move what did that kind of come up from
well I think for sure like she started
coming with that the first part of that
line so I mean I heard something huh I
think that it's kind of twofold it's one
that right it's your story you know you
you ever known how your life is going to
unfold in yet like the words can
sovereign Aubry and - um guiding you um
and like obviously you guys have just 16
amazing things that had to say awesome
vehicles and you're like this I'm
beautiful but also that's your hope for
your son you know for all of her maybe
the world of you my hope for if I was
having this fun you know like just
saying I'm not going to continue that
you are and you're great things in your
life so face up it's obviously see
mountains moon is the same guy I believe
in my son you know and I also believe me
too that God has a plan for him and once
so you use him will change the world
and so yeah I don't know it kind of goes
back to another thing that when I heard
this before inside talk or show this but
as we're going through our life's
journey a lot of times I'd say but it's
not the end of the story
so like even when we're down in like the
hardest time of our life and even you
two have gone through some pretty hard
times but that wasn't the end of the
story like it's not over yet
you know and as you see now you know
where we are today and the story
continues so kind of mazi of Lord of the
Rings
okay he was getting all deep and like
giving me goosebumps
we're like oh okay what Lord of the
Rings yeah yeah so remember how it I
don't know like sanitized is talking a
Frodo and it's just like remember the
stories of ahold of these heroes it's
like yeah work is impossible what is up
ahead of us but it was impossible for
those guys back then we just know how it
ends you know we look at the story and
you keep flipping the Old Testament New
Testament like we know how it ends so
it's like oh yeah I didn't take a ton of
it but when you're in the midst of it
you know you don't know how it's gonna
totally that is kind of like add that
that's where I get it from the you know
that line like you don't it story
knowing this tone of their stories
and so um it's more like a fake totally
a lot of people are just so you know we
have a lot of pregnant people who watch
us and we're getting tons of comments
people saying um I'm you're totally
gonna make us cry knock it off you
Chelsea risk oh why am i crying right
now that's awesome you guys I mean not
only are we having fun but we're talking
about it feelings all right Nelson at
the helm you guys um thank you so much
for joining I had we were planning to
bring them in for like 20 minutes and
you guys are amazing and then you I'm so
happy that I called you and asked you to
do this because um I think people are
blown away by your music and um this is
my buddy and I just I want to share him
to you guys because he's so great and
blows me away and I know him personally
you know like when he calls me I'm
I get a little like like starstruck like
dad call me what am I gonna talk about
b-t-dub Jaron is known for sending the
longest voice because I once had I think
a six minute voicemail from him where he
was just taught like he really needed
someone to talk to and he left me a 6 on
your voice though it was hilarious um if
you guys um want to know check out
Nelson at the helm on Facebook
facebook.com slash Nelson at the helm
like their page um so you guys will be
updated as soon as I have new music out
um I think you pretty much cheese
everyone with this hey girl song and
you're gonna have to have that up pretty
soon so just know madam um also they are
actually thinking about coming to
California to visit us and do a video
shoot and some photos and some awesome
stuff so hopefully you guys see our
daily blogs very soon um cuz they're
amazing and like we just love we just
love everything you guys stand for and
represent and the way that you guys act
and like it really comes through your
music and just thank you guys so much
for being here
thank you it's been an honor you guys
are amazing and I just look I don't know
you guys act so natural like right now
I'm nervous it's because we're
constantly in front of the camera I mean
it just I guess it just comes with it
but thank you guys go check out Nelson
at the helm on Facebook iTunes on
YouTube they have that awesome music
video I'll link it below into this video
if you're watching later on after its
recorded because I think this video will
go live after we're done but let's just
all give them a round of applause and
say goodbye to know something
thank you guys um maybe just X out good
plan
uh yay okay Wow that was insane oh they
are so cool and Jared is such a good
friend of mine um and it's funny because
you know we were really close and then
we had to move to California and you
know you still have a friend when you
can call and might talk for hours and
Jared is totally that kind of guy um so
that was awesome everyone say goodbye
okay I want it I cannot believe this has
been an hour let's go into Q&A time you
guys throw with some questions in the
comment box and we're gonna try to
answer these I have to leave in an hour
to shoot this wedding I'm like I should
we should have put like three hours
together and karma we thought using me
somebody haha cummin hey let's show up
come on fast so I have some questions
you guys and we're gonna answer some
some for you any that you've been
wondering or we have answered before
maybe and you just don't know where to
find it all right just pick up oh you do
your face famous trick for them yeah
oh here you guys know this one you see
this a lot oh thank you he does high
five now so at least he's mixing it up
you know which they haven't been hanging
out yeah here let's we're gonna do some
blogging you guys are all gonna be in
the vlog right now and we have the
comments up so if you want to say
anything new but no Pienaar there you
are here we are we're here and you're
there and everyone say hi to yourself
wait for the comments comments Oh
hello future self all in that's awesome
um Wow okay so let's go we got some
questions let's go people are wondering
about a proposal story um does ollie
kick in response to Brian talking yet my
boy Levi four days ahead of Missy has
been kicking when he talks oh and also
I've been getting ins Ryan talks what
wait my boy Levi has been kicking when
Brian's when I talk your baby kicks
that's okay I was just gonna say I've
been getting so many tweets from you
guys I gotta update this um he called
her does kick sometimes with Ryan tarts
it's just kind of random though I don't
know if he's recognizing it or not if we
even really kick when I'm talking about
go Oliver he doesn't do it he's just
he's kind of a brat but I love saying
it's so it's so cool now how much he's
kicking because Missy will be laying
down
um and I usually go to bed way later
than her so she's already sleeping so
when I get into bed um I will roll her
over
and I know that does it for all of her
and so I will I like I'll roll her over
and then I'll like cut my hand under her
belly and I'll just like I'll fall
asleep with him kicking me and it's the
coolest yeah I don't know what he's
doing at midnight okay so um my husband
I want to make California
what's a disadvantage to living there it
is expensive rats probably were used to
we lived in Idaho and rent was 650 yeah
a two-bedroom it was a 1,300 square foot
two-bedroom apartment with a nice yeah
with a pool outside it was really nice
apartment we had a little balcony yeah
and then we moved we moved to California
and it's like if you want a house it's
like 1500 bucks a month well that's yeah
that's if you read the like even for an
apartment apartment like 1,200 yeah it's
insane so California is very expensive
but more you do I do find here's the
thing I do a lot of photo and media
video social networking a lot of stuff
like that so California is kind of just
like a natural place for me to be
I was in Idaho I was very stifled I felt
um like creatively and I couldn't I
don't know I didn't have the same
opportunities I didn't have you know
like the same Drive because I knew you
can you can only get so far um in Idaho
which is actually why I'm very much
convincing Jared Rochelle to move to
California look like let's get a house
together yeah like um the first year we
were moving here you know I started
doing photography um for money and it
kind of just blew up by just word of
mouth and um you know I got into doing a
lot of more video stuff now if you guys
don't know I actually work for a church
I head up the videography - part of it
um and so that would have never happened
in Idaho because in Idaho they're so old
school and is he okay so there's a lot
more opportunities in California um
let's go to another question hi again
all right you could just say hey don't
be perfect oh look at his little boat
I'm yellow boat I am he just looks so
fee um okay let's see how old is karma
he is 3 or 3 or 4 1 or 4 and he is uh
Australian Shepherd border collie Blue
Heeler um he is a border collie an
Australian Shepherd mix yeah so he's
smart and crazy right I call him that
but he he pretty much is like the
smartest dog I've ever known
um some people are asking are y'all
going to get your own house yes um we're
really we have a plan after Oliver is
born I mean obviously it's gonna crunch
time but we really want to be in our own
place and whether you know the thing is
um we really want to go straight into
purchasing because I feel like when I
rent like I don't want to I feel like
storing away money it's expensive to
rent whereas a mortgage it's a little
bit better but you know we've said this
before we do rent from my parents but we
help my parents out just as much as we
help get us out so it's all just like
this perfect little plan
but you know we all just kind of help
each other out we kind of went decided
we didn't want to live in Idaho anymore
we wanted to live in California
in order to do that we had to help each
other out and make it work all together
and luckily we actually love living
together we have no issues and it's just
amazing perfect little match for all of
us now so what do we do with area like
yeah we do is gonna be a little bit of
time but we love this area when we get
out of our own little like apartment
type Dam you've got a sink and he's
always got like its own little corner
and obviously it's not what is ideal but
it's perfect for us right now so yeah so
I did get a question oh it went down
okay um Victoria whaler says on a date
night which you prefer dressed up or go
out rent a movie with some comfort food
ice cream snuggle up on the couch what
do you like to do I like to go to dinner
but I do not want to like I don't like
getting dressed
we don't really dress up um if we go out
to dinner we just especially now I I'm
like I join my comfy clothes on yeah
especially now um we take a lot of
things to go and we just had we actually
will order a PF Changs sit on our bed
and watch friends yeah and not all
garden yeah going on I can't believe in
a second now I can't garden um let's see
we got some really cool questions coming
in Haley McDonald wants to say uh says
name three things you love the most
about each other I'll go first
no come on okay one thing I love about
Missy is her but just um I love I mean
Missy has this personality that is so
magnetic and she she is the kind of
person who will give everything away she
will take the shirt off her back and
give it to someone else who needs it and
I really admire that because I am not
that way at all like I am very I mean I
can realize this but I'm very um I don't
know like centric I mean I have passion
for people but
time like I will just try and like look
away I think and I think that's
something that I'm I'm trying to work
through but Missy is so helping and
loving and giving and I mean that shows
through her videos I mean what she's
doing for the YouTube community
um and I mean that's as a huge thing
that I like him
Megan brownie points yeah what about
okay for you well I'm actually named
three things
oh I love how fun he is of course he's
like the funnest person ever he did like
more like a low-key like the calm and
he's for the crazy one
so we've definitely balance each other
out um of course I love his um how
passionately is not like everything I
mean he's passionate about our love and
I'm passionate about everything that he
does like photography videography
YouTube whatever he's doing he's very
passionate about it and I love that
um and I love how passionate he is about
our baby
he is so involved in this pregnancy and
I know that I don't sometimes I don't
even realize especially with other um
guys sometimes we're not as involved or
that connected to the pregnancy and he's
very connected very um just really
always in tune to what me and Oliver are
doing and um you know just like the
other day he wants to literally here
every time um Oliver kicks so I have to
say my special word so that he knows
every time Oliver kicks because he just
just wants us to be so involved with us
so it's just it's really fun and I love
that because I wouldn't maybe I'm not
I'm more lucky than other women yeah I
mean it kind of amazes me actually when
people comment and they say you know the
whole YouTube community you it's really
only one-sided it's really only you know
the mom in front of her camera and the
thing is like it is Missy only in front
of the camera a lot of the time but I'm
right behind it I'm say um say this like
I'm just as passionate as she is yeah
about what we're doing and so I think
like with the last video you know we
tried to throw me in there and maybe for
some bump dates I'll try and go in there
and really give my sad I would love
because I love for him to maybe even I
you know when I do get on to his
schedules do like a daddy update you
know what's going on with him and all of
her and how they're connecting and how
cuz you know obviously I have so much to
talk about with nursing but um and all
everything but I mean he's gonna have
tons of stuff to say and all that so
Ellie I don't know maybe there'll be
something you can do
oh let's go wait do you have two more
things what are two more things about me
I thought was three was that three I
think I'm so don't you guys okay um a
lot of people want Cassidy come in and I
think hi Heidi Heidi came to stop yeah
okay uh a lot of people are asking about
Cassie and I choose comity and I'm you
guys are going cray cray on the comments
so Cassie you're watching this come in
here and say hi to everyone
yeah cuz I can't read your comments it's
going so crazy okay um some people
wanted to know we were supposed to go to
Joey's yeah some people actually want to
know what are your favorite YouTube
vloggers and it's very different between
Missy and I because I love now that we
okay she's here say hello to Cassie
everyone I saw it guys sorry sister okay
um Heidi says hi Bryan we love you ken
is watching with me is that is that her
husband yeah
hi Kay whoo um okay so Cassie hey what
do you want to say I just want to say
that oh wait a second we have another
and in the common s - yeah she's gonna
be at Tia or your your my sister is
going to be t FF Tia Bev okay and then
she's auntie yeah so my sister's gonna
be the best Tia at Cassie's gonna be the
best aunt and Jimmy is actually the best
uncle my brother I know you don't see
him a lot but my brother is just gonna
be uncle because um he did he we only
have one uncle yeah so that's right yeah
thank you whose are you watching this
oh my gosh probably like five people in
our house the other and there's like
over like 300 people watching this thank
you guys I was on my cake yeah I want
this okay um Heineken actually just sent
me a package I'm pretty sure that it's
cloth diapers I'm too uh I'm pretty
stoked so I really want to open it
because I would love to talk about pop
Piper's a little bit with you guys
and if you guys went to the big cloth
diaper change um that is super cool
obviously I didn't make it because I
don't like yet but maybe I'll be there
see this is these are the appropriate
things that I have to edit out yeah
stalking Joanna Marie says hey you're my
favorite blogger thank you before so
nice I love you guys so much
this will be up in full later um Cassie
is 15 almost 16 I think I she's so great
that stuffing oh my goodness okay you
can't really see in the video so I had a
pull things all adapt we got some
awesome cards which will read later okay
I bummed genius both diapers oh crap I
love this it's blah Wow it's got it and
it has like math equations on it
how cute and this is a size sizes are
they sized one size oh one size oh my
gosh so cool I know more about this is
she does coming not how making pop pop
and they're like a flip
oh actually a commercial about this she
kind of come apart let's go I love that
thank you so much ready for that people
probably think it's really weird that
I'm just as excited about cloth
diapering but it's true like I told
Missy I said I don't want our kids in
those ugly nasty plastic diapers and I
think a big thing for me about me about
cloth diapering - is the environment
because I mean I watch this video of
these diapers and a closet
like I don't know like if you it takes
like over 300 years for the the diaper -
like disintegrate you know and that is
huge for me because I know I feel like
we do have a responsibility at the same
time I do know that cloth diapering
isn't for everyone and it's just like
it's not a possibility
um but we're really really excited to
talk Piper I did want to stay um I'm
like dropping sprinkles everywhere up on
her um I didn't want to say I was
talking about Idaho
I was not dogging Idaho just you guys
know I do love Idaho I love Boise I love
downtown Boise I cannot wait to visit
with my son and is it my family and my
mom and my sister and I love you guys
thank you for watching
okay well I'll go get more all right uh
we got another stuff diaper in here mmm
fuzzy buns which is another really
awesome one oh yeah oh it's so nice - a
lot of people love this in the hall poop
goes dark okay and then she got us some
reusable diapers starter kits oh that's
cool I forgot about my husband another
good t-shirt boost your pad and tri fold
insert wow that's really cool will you
oh another god day holy cow
um one size diaper what cries Operation
Smile oh this is a charlie banana Oh
Charlie banana who oh this is really
cool it's got like little rocket ships
and stuff on it yeah that's dope cool
and then is sitting here you can't damn
it he's freaking out knows that car that
he's got stuff in here uh so he's just
like do is already given to me I mean
you got to show them outside it you are
come on we're opening we're on the
license right now
hi guys hey Carmen knows that there is
treats in here friend I'm so in tune to
that whenever we bring something home
he's on it yeah oh and I told funny
sweet okay
what are you shot okay something she got
cute little dog oh we will definitely
eat all these and it's good um because
karma doesn't have any balls see I'm
telling you those are the inappropriate
things that I'd say okay so funny story
about
really does know things like when he's
getting up something we had obviously on
Christmas morning um we went to my
parents house I kind of stopped and he
or all the toys are obviously are not
all the toys all of our presents are
under the tree as we wake up in the
morning and um he before we even got
down there he rushes down goes to the
Christmas tree and like starts looking
at everything and then grabs the only
toy under the tree that is his he grabs
me she takes him outside he unwrapped it
he starts running around with it he knew
the toy that was hid and they were all
robbed hidden any one of them could have
been there there was probably 25 30
presents over there and he picked his
present yeah he didn't mess any other
presents up except for that yeah yeah he
really does know when he had a toy yeah
okay were talking about favorite YouTube
bloggers we're like okay so Heidi Kim is
actually one of Missy's favorite YouTube
bloggers check her out she has some
really awesome tips on cloth diapering
watch their life story so I really found
myself very connected to her yeah so I
really really like her boy she's really
she's doing crazy on vlogs right now
this about cloth diapering which
I'm finding fascinating so um thank you
for all those cloth diaper videos got
some dope fresh nation song um I
don't use my fitness values lose it just
you guys know okay favorite YouTube
bloggers I love watching daily vloggers
I watch Daily Grace um Shaytards I watch
every now and then I'm not big on every
single one I used to be really really
been digging the VF versus gia um and I
kind of have spurts where I'll watch
like two weeks in a row and then I'll
miss a week and I'll start watching
again um but I love them too and what
they're doing for daily blocking I love
CTFxC I feel like we relate a lot more
to CTFxC their daily blogs are awesome
pretty much all the big YouTube vloggers
on the Saucony Jolie's life live TV I
love watching them I actually think um
that jofi and I would be like best
friends if it was in the States
um if you're watching this Jovi he's not
watching this but that would be really
cool um I feel like we sort of had the
same um the same dynamic
the Saucony Chili's because Missy's very
reserved and shy and I'm very loud and
obnoxious and yeah I like I I think I
put myself out there more
yeah but Missy I mean Missy has I made
amazing insight on pregnancy and and so
that sort of brings a different side to
the blogs yeah let's see in my favorite
they've changed so much it's so hard for
me to tell you my favorite vloggers
because when I first started YouTube it
was it was a Danielle baby bliss I'm
going to name some problems some people
that y'all know okay so I just said
y'all that was weird okay um so schedule
bagless Amy turtling
um oh my gosh who else did I used to
watch like all the time I can't remember
there was like a bunch of them and I
love mama natural oh my gosh and I I was
actually just thinking laughs now I was
like who inspired me to clock diaper
um because they're the people I was
watching I don't know if a lot of them
cloth diaper and I think that um I think
Martin actual actually inspired me to
cloth diaper yeah I think that she made
some really interesting very cool points
about cot die great for me although I
love the fact that its environmental it
wasn't what brought me over for me it
really was the fact that it was um so um
what's the word so inexpensive I mean it
is a big cost upfront but I mean
hopefully we can classify for our
children with these diapers you know as
many for as many children as we have so
for me it was the price and I don't know
yeah so I was too many people right and
if right now it's changed because I
can't I don't have the time that I would
love to commit to UM to my YouTube
community so I only have like a few
people I watched Heidi Kim Sarah Louise
um there's like a bunch of them that I
try and watch everyone smile but I don't
get as much time as I used to I
literally used to work in an office
where I was the only one in the office
so I could just sit and set up my my
iPad and I would just like sit there and
talk or sit there and watch videos and
it was just really fun so yeah I don't
know I watch a lot of
oh and the thing is too is it was really
cool because when Missy first started
YouTube
what was it by your third we actually we
just put up your first video and mom and
natural shouted out on the community
section of the MoMA d'etre yeah and
that's why you got your first like eight
hundred subscribers
yeah mom and he did mention me on there
and I was I was freaking out the first
time I actually wrote her she actually
wrote me back and I was like I was like
starts talking like my god Jill just
wrote me so yeah I do love mama natural
I do watch display yeah we do watch
duties like - they're really interesting
um they were in Tokyo for a long time
yeah it was insane but we uh we I mean
these are those are I love watching
dailies because obviously I'm very
focused on the daily blogs right now
that we're doing um but we have a couple
more questions like see II
I love moment actual comments comments
are going cray cray this is insane
um Scooby awkward stay with all okay see
so and then I get to it and they like
scroll away you guys are so cool can I
just say I mean I want to start this off
and I wanted to say thank you so much to
you guys because when Missy started
doing her her YouTube we we really had
no idea I mean if you told us in six
months that we'd be sitting here having
a livestream with over 300 people who
loved watching our daily blogs as well
like it I mean I would have never have
imagined that so I just want to say
thank you so much to you guys and the
support that you guys give us and the
love that you guys give us is is insane
yeah it's dope fresh I see when I first
decided I was watching YouTube for a
long time I kept tell me I really really
wanted I really want to YouTube I think
everyone's like are you sure sure and so
I finally just one night I sat down
right here and I started a blog and it
was terrible like hey I'm not gonna put
it off yeah I just it was just really
you couldn't hear me it was stark it was
just really really bad quality and
although those are some of my favorite
is the people who are just you know how
are you sitting there and talking um but
it just wasn't
right right style for me and I didn't
know what I was talking about I was just
try to see you're going so I'm pregnant
and so um yeah so then Brian was like
well okay if you want to do this then
let's do it and he is definitely the
other half because I may have pushed him
too you know let's do this and then he
like literally made our maid yeah I mean
the thing is I think it worked out so
well for us because I'm so clever unit
even he's like I don't know I think it
worked out so well for us
because I'm so media centric I love
doing video and photography and it kind
of just like I was like a project and
you know I've got all my equipment and
the letter that I know that I would be
doing it twice a week and then every day
with our little vlogging camera - yeah
so that was fun it was really it's
really cool um let's go through some
more questions you guys have questions
right now we are doing a Q&A um let's
see Oh what do your parents want Ali to
call them oh that's good one um my mom
will be me me and my dad will be poppy
yeah so Mimi and poppy and I don't I
don't know my mom's aunt grandma she
likes grandma because or gram because we
always called my grandma gram yeah so I
love gram she's like yeah um but my mom
and my sister are watching and my sister
is gonna be Tia Bev yeah yeah yeah um
let's see let's go through some
questions people saying they love the
inappropriate yeah that's just how I am
I should put more appropriate stuff in
the blog I'm conflicted because I know
we have a lot of kids watch us and I
want it I want it to be family-friendly
um let's see let's go up to the top Oh
Brian you are very talented all thank
you um circumcision okay some people
want to know our thoughts on
circumcision and Missy ABC is gonna do a
video about it um is a big subject if
you're having a boy so um I just had a
text to the wrong person but it's not
funny when that happens okay okay so
circumcision if you know we're not going
to discuss it right now but we look this
is gonna do a video on it but the thing
is is that it's kind of a very personal
thing and
we need to decide you know where we're
gonna go with that I said yeah how much
we're going to actually share about our
Sun area yeah Missy can you say hi to my
special needs daughter Celia Celia Celia
Faye that's a really cute name um do you
plan to travel with Ollie have you ever
been in the UK love you guys I would
love to travel with Ollie I mean I would
love to go to Boise I would love to go
to a Boise State game with him like with
my son like that that like I guess so
excited just thinking about that like
that's really cool um I would love I
would love love love to travel with him
um
I don't know if we can though I mean
we're gonna try I think the thing is
we're very obviously when he is older
yeah Leslie being are you for it or not
um I'm not necessarily for co-sleeping
um when he's older but I will of course
be closely being when he is a Newport
and I definitely want to do the arms
reach co-sleeper um or I just think it
was Heidi Kim that watching um has next
to her bed this um I don't know it's
cold but it's like it's more like a
scoop shape to the baby lays in it and
he can't like move or anything so I was
looking at that too because it seemed a
little bit smaller and easier to
maneuver around so I will definitely be
doing co-sleeping um maybe next to the
bed I'm a really deep sleeper he's a
really deep sleeper I'm just really
afraid of rolling or doing something to
hurt him and so I really will be trying
to practice on him sleeping in his in
his crib so yeah all right we got some
cool stuff um shout out Marissa and Ken
thank you penguin tastic she's been
watching for a really long time yeah the
thing is tomb is like there is a lot of
people that I recognized by their name
in their picture and I always know like
all that person's been watching us for a
long time yeah um let's see uh olive
Gracie wants to know are we Jewish we're
not Jewish
um we are Christians um let's see is
baby Olly gonna be in the vlogs yes yes
of course
100% you can even cancel all of this at
midnight oh that would be the biggest
the world and then we have like 10,000
people sending us hate mail um we love
um we think distracted easily
we look like distracting though Oliver
is gonna be in the vlogs we are going to
vlog the birth we did get permission
from her doctor obviously you're gonna
not see that's enough
um but we're gonna be there on the day
up I'm afraid the thing is too is I'm so
stressing because I know when jofi did
it he had to run home edit the vlog put
it up and do all that you know and yeah
because I'm we're working off an iMac
and so I'm like freaking out you need to
get a laptop because if we travel if
that's the thing is like I'm so focused
now on these daily vlog so I love
documenting our life like I'm always
thinking about you guys like if we were
to go to Boise
oh man you get my hands on a laptop so I
can edit the vlog and have it out that
next day because it's just like this is
a huge challenge to me and I love the
support you guys give us and so I
definitely don't want to like lose that
and I would love to like have a laptop
where I can do that
um and have it right away and if we were
just sitting in the hospital and I was
able to do the block and put it up I
mean I sick that would be insane um
let's see
- Meghan what's a strain your hair maybe
like 30 minutes long why is that a huge
oh my gosh the telecomix just come in we
are gonna film the labor so probably
will have obviously our daily will
probably catch a lot of stuff but we
will be filming for my channel also so
that I only film the first but later
will be and I'm hoping if everything
were to go as plan and be perfect
I would hope be I'm hoping to labor as
much as possible at home and then and
when I get to the hospital I'm hoping
for a natural birth and them as if
everything is perfect I don't have to be
induced and all of that yeah some people
are saying are you excited viability
totally we're totally getting there
like we have to figure out insurance now
because he Hankin if he comes like he's
viable and that's gonna be um some
people don't know what is our favorite
beach we love going to La Jolla or
snorkeling that's another thing I need
to get another camera we go snorkeling a
lot this summer yeah yeah on some Smurfs
yeh wants to know how plain how long you
plan on breastfeeding I would love to
breastfeed for at least a year so yeah a
lot of people are asking about if we
were having a girl what we do name it
have we do I'm obviously a tenant if you
watch the name reveal video you know we
have a ton of girl names yeah we have it
girl we have a couple girls names that
we actually had clear like in high
school yeah so we can't tell time then
I'll you its what about the baby girl
name revealed yeah so we can't tell you
but there are amazing yeah some people
want to know what our vlogging camera is
we use a Canon PowerShot ELPH 110 HS I'm
also actually just looking at pink ones
to get misty as well because we love the
dynamic of two different cameras and
she's running somewhere and I can't go
whether she can vlog we can live
together thing is she was like I love
what I can get may see the camera and I
can go do something and then I can sit
down and I and watch what she did that
day like that's amazing for me and yeah
I mean that's a huge thing that I like
to vlog to on let's see we're going
through more comments comes up five
minutes someone said I got married in La
Jolla that's awesome how many children
do you guys want kidding Brian will you
cut the cord
maybe someone also asked us if I was
preparing for it cuz they don't want me
to pass out I don't know I don't know if
it here's the thing I've actually Missy
has watched a lot of birthing videos on
YouTube when she likes to have them on
at the craziest time she doesn't like to
tell me when she's having them on so I
just walk in and I'm like what am I
looking at
so I'm kind of getting used to it and I
don't I think I'm gonna be okay I think
I'm gonna be so excited just to see all
of her I don't know if they'll be able
to cut the cord and if you can't and my
dad actually really wants to do it too
yeah he will what if someone will yeah a
lot of people are interesting and what
like my setup is for editing um and I I
have friend who was actually thinking
about getting into you too but I was
like just you know
a lot of work it's all it's like a
full-time job and I love doing it and I
also have two other jobs so I film all
day I come home and I actually use Final
Cut Pro X I miss he's getting bored you
see this she has no idea I import all
the footage and I edit the whole block
and then I uploaded straight into from
the program it's a lot of work I stay up
until 2:00 a.m. sometimes doing it but
I'm just I'm so passionate about it um
and I think I'm getting to the point
where it's becoming a lot easier to so
yeah he doesn't really spend that much
time editing you're pretty fast yeah I'm
getting really really good at it um okay
I've got to know how old Carver was when
I got him he was like three months old
yeah Missy is encapsulating her placenta
Tolson fully we have to find someone to
do it did you watch the video of the
woman giving birth in a creek no I don't
think I didn't know but she's checking
Ayanna I watch the water first on that I
think it was rush someone in rut like a
bunch of women in Russia films their
water birth and it was like maybe
evening I would love to do that but I
don't think that's gonna be an option
for me there's no hospital will let me
do it um okay we have a bunch of mother
Wow comments on here you guys are insane
I like we love this I'm freaking out
that we've been doing this for almost an
hour and a half but I'm gonna have to
cut it we got let's say ten more minutes
okay because I gotta get all my gear
ready um Oh actually I should be getting
my gear ready
here you wanna imagine um so let's see
how long the wait between babies hmm I
would say I would love I keep telling my
mom like uh how soon can I get freaking
after a half Oliver um but I don't think
that we can obviously go right into I
would say I'd like to give it at least
evey about a year but Bryan
probably would like to wait like I do
want to wait longer because I want to be
I wanted it like have it focused on
Oliver for all like his really big main
things um and I would love to like
experience all that and then and then
jump into having a baby
yeah um someone says do I draw my life
we're think about doing a draw my
relationship here's the thing guys I'm
going to talk about this my
Missy's relationship if you guys were to
see it on a draw my life it would blow
your mind I'm not even kidding like even
I am like amazed at our our relationship
story it's huge and I'm probably like
freaking people out because I like okay
well now you have to do it and we might
get to the point where we're comfortable
with it um but yeah it's I mean I think
we'll end up doing it great I mean in
the future I think we have to really
gear ourselves up for it but that's
gonna be such a huge video and the thing
is too is we opened up our lives you
guys so much that it I mean we should we
should tell you guys about that um but
it's it's a pretty created being really
long video yeah I mean I could feel I
was just talking let me see I was like
I'm gonna write a book and base it off
our relationship because I could fill
pages and I'm not like being like like
centric or like thinking that uh you
know like our life is amazing and better
than everyone else's it's just like I've
never heard a relationship story like
ours yeah so I think we should
definitely do this it was like yes uh
I'm gonna end this oh no go ahead ask Oh
someone just let go like you part - I
know I can't wait this so far okay I
really wanted to do this really quick so
I'm gonna have to stop looking at
questions you know I know they're gonna
give you answers also okay yeah so we'll
do some friends trivia for you guys
because you guys know we're obsessed
with friends yes and so is a lot of our
viewers so I'm gonna read you I actually
have the friend seen it so we're gonna
answer question them and scroll up to
your top of your comments I'm Tomy
alright okay I just want to say too for
you guys that are watching we're clearly
going to be doing this again I mean and
this is like an epic livestream and hour
and a half you guys have sat here and
we're still at over 300 viewers you guys
are insane I'm completely blown away by
you guys okay ready oh wait no wait okay
we just got shootas context from her
friend kelly shoutout to Aiden what up a
little monkey okay so ready for the
friends questions okay here we go
these are really really funny in the one
that
couldn't then what does Phoebe do for a
living I know we just watched this one
the one where with that one that could
have been oh yeah okay anyone know the
comments are so loud because it's not so
I think about 10 15 seconds off so it
takes us a second to see all your guys's
answer let's see
Oh a lawyer stock market a yeah yeah she
worked for us she was a stock broker
yeah that one was so funny good job okay
I want to watch tries why do I believe
in the one where the stripper cries whom
is Monica talking to and she said you
are my midnight mystery kisser I know
that's 100 buddy my duty is August 16th
so um but he will probably keep I'll be
induced or have a c-section on August
9th so oh oh but I haven't I deployed SD
cards on me CS page okay okay
mmm everyone's still answering the last
one baby is so cute and guess why it's
baby for Thursday laughter you God has a
birthdate Bailey her birthday party is
tomorrow and we are obviously going to
be blocking it so you guys will see that
on Monday so come on
um okay no one had answered this yet
it's probably really behind me I know
oh ha ha ha ha yeah that is correct
happy birthday baby she's one years old
today
one year I actually instagrammed a
picture that I took on her birthday a
year ago yeah we are in AH one year ago
we were meeting miss Bailey and she's
just the cutest thing ever
see this okay see this baby if you if
you go to my facebook photographer mates
you can see those pictures - yeah um in
the one in Barbados Monica and Mike get
caught up in a rapid a rabid game of
what
oh no I was cruising see me today
Oh Laura is Oscar um your son
and is he like oh is he um
was it it's either one that I'd actually
like has a crush on Bailey oh I'm not
sure though you'll have to let me know
so funny how are you related to Bailey
we get this question a lot um the pink
blonde cake pumping rod that's correct
Bailey is my cousin's daughter so she's
technically my second cousin um so yeah
okay um we really gotta read this okay
all right let me come back I got to talk
to you guys go fast hang on I got a lot
of deep deep stuff coming okay okay so
obviously this has to come to an end
we're having so much fun though I really
don't want it mad at myself that I
totally forgot about having to go shoot
this wedding um here's the thing we love
you guys so much and we are so excited
that you guys are like coming along this
journey for us and we love doing daily
vlogs we're going to keep it up um for
as long as we can and we really want to
show you guys all of her and our life as
parents and like keep instilling that
hope to couples who apart do the same
thing because I know that's the majority
of people who watch us are people who
have the same story and stuff like that
so I just want to like sincerely thank
you guys so so much because you guys
like you make us so happy like with your
comments and your likes and like
watching our videos and like people are
like this is seriously the end of the
world no we're gonna do this again and
you'll see us tomorrow that obviously
our vlog tomorrow but we love you guys
so much thank you for coming to this
live stream I'm so stoked that Nelson at
the helm was able to come and perform
I'm Wayne ice
blown away by us at the helm Thank You
Nelson at the helm Jared Michele you
guys are amazing um please go check out
their music they are so in love they are
so talented um they are facebook.com
slash announce at the helm go watch
their YouTube video youtube.com slash
Nelson at the helm I'll post it as a
video response on here um yeah I'm so
excited oh and I can't like share with
you guys like a lyric from Ali's song
like that's insane it's an amazing sorry
I don't cry a lot but this song is so
touching and so like just it's like a
perfect song
for our relationship and him and it's
just perfect so thank you guys all for
watching
oh you guys are doing amazing things oh
wait we gotta have Cassie Cassie come
and say goodbye real fast and karma hi
say goodbye he loves you guys too you
probably party oh we are actually
thinking maybe we'll do this like a
monthly I don't know um we're having a
ton of awesome comments from you guys
but I have an awesome day you guys are
amazing here's Cassie say buh-bye
she's doing really good with the vlogs
and I was telling I was like that you
should start your own YouTube channel
something you get out of here okay I'm
so glad you guys joined on this
livestream we're going to be posting it
to our channel immediately
after it's done so you guys can watch it
I can't believe it's an hour and a half
so if anyone actually watches this it
would be a miracle but um thank you guys
so much we love you seriously from a
bottom of our hearts you guys mean the
world to us and I mean we probably
wouldn't be sitting here doing with this
doing this if it wasn't for you guys so
thank you guys so much thank you for all
the comments I'm really hoping that I
can go through and read them all you
guys are so oh my gosh you guys blow us
away but we gotta go this has to end
it's been an hour and a half we only
planned an hour thank you for watching
thank you guys for watching um if you
don't follow me on put remember at Bryan
Lanning follow me on Twitter and
Instagram
Missy givanni you don't follow her on
Twitter she lines right out but
Instagram follow her on Instagram um I'm
Missy Lanny and we do have a Facebook
page for daily bumps if you guys are
connected to it it gets a lot of like
updates and stuff that aren't related to
the vlogs a lot of people watch the
bones and they're like wait what's going
on but if you if you are connected to
the Facebook page then you learn a lot
of extra information so go do that um
thank you guys again this is like the
fourth time we're saying goodbye I just
don't want it to end it's my birthday
thanks for making today awesome Beth
happy birthday we love you guys
we're leaving um let's see if I can get
some
talking to you guys you guys are awesome
all right guys we love you and we will
see you tomorrow on my log yeah yeah
we'll see you in a couple minutes from
new blog
oh we're gonna vlog bye guys hi
seriously this time there's a seriously
Sun it's for real ah this is so fun okay
