get ready it's tomorrow oh and I did why
say I don't know this is happening get
ready to clown around okay with Luna and
mockingly a girl in every alley every
time you can see okay I'm gonna get a
party
oh yeah
having a boyfriend hey guys look who's
here
she's been sleeping for a while and
we're going to the trampoline park later
so she's gonna have lots of energy how I
got my boy Edgar my boy is our ball
under there is there a ball another
probably a ball let's I don't see
anything
there's nothing high-carb are you
getting shaggy boy
even the a haircut pretty soon look at
all his hair yeah you definitely need a
haircut
Carmy want a haircut here go the salon 1
get your hair dude hump boy
good morning Bailey good morning VD ah
look at you
we had to wake her up naturally because
if we force wake her up she wakes up
with the grumpiest look on her face for
hours huh huh look at this outfit she's
didn't though she looks like she's
headed to the club headed to the club
bottle full above my mom ha hey yeah
water drink your water she doesn't
really understand the concept of drink
ah you have to bring it to your mouth
and then you and then you move it up
here like that me show you put in your
mouth
and then go huh there you go oh there
you go you want to talk to him say hi
say hi guys check out this grub got some
yummy mashed up bananas here for you
little Bailey you ready oh you're hungry
huh oh you want more how is that they
yummy I don't have to pretend it's an
airplane she just eats right off it
I don't need to do it like an airplane
but it's funner look at this little
lizard look at him I told you guys these
things are everywhere hey buddy
all right I got my little CJ you ready
buddy yeah where we gonna go John for me
yeah you gonna jump and I was telling
about the foam pit you want to jump in
the foam pit - what is a foam pit it's
like nice and soft and you jump on the
trampoline and then you fall into the
foam
sounds cool huh push my feet with your
feet yeah show me your excited face yeah
and of course the only thing he wants to
listen to is Harlem shake comedy hey
where's the gas station CJ I know
remember when you're trying to give me
directions all right a stylist wine left
right left right left right left right
oh wait is that so is that right left
left right yeah okay it's good thing I'm
not using you for my GPS huh yeah what
you want buddy
so now you allowed to have soda sure you
don't want a nice water or chocolate
milk well let's see if they have
chocolate milk ooh chocolate milk that's
double chocolate you might as well be
drinking soda huh
you sure you want double chocolate maybe
not okay grab the other one
you ready let's go are you wanting
snacks you are strong
what um BC you want to know what they
eat they eat brains yeah yeah people
they eat people how they does eat things
well first they crack open your skull
and then they rip out your brain and
then they eat it yeah probably shouldn't
be explaining to him about zombies huh
how was head got ah he just got hurt so
his head is off yeah yeah yeah I don't
know
show me your zombie face ah brain say
brain all right we're at the trampoline
park a little Pete and Bailey are ready
to go you ready buddy over here jump in
the phone pit don't Bennet
ready
not happy
yeah like this is scary tired infinite
that really five-second not basic all
right I'm gonna jump in the foam pit now
you guys ready okay
this is the hardest part see Jerry there
there you are oh my gosh there's this
way too hard
Oh
how's awesome yeah whoo whoa now get out
I got it three two one go seriously woo
crying laughing she doesn't know either
drama
okay so as you can see I had to change
shirts because I was very very sweaty me
I was like oh really that's why you're
freaking out yeah but that was so much
fun um we didn't even say we had two
hours for 10 bucks cuz I guess today was
like a special deal but um we even stay
the two hours
stayed like an hour and a half because I
was like I'm done but yeah that was a
lot of fun I'm in charge her did you
take a girl on a date or something
this isn't like my normal sitting
position oh I moved to secrecy J you
honestly think I would have brought
someone in here no Anna befitting a
singer for them okay okay
whatever goes in you wish okay so kind
of like it's like you two are talking to
your baby okay I'm going to do it okay
and it's going to say that it's not like
kind of guitar behind it that's like you
can see cccccc building Eggman
okay mmm I'm laughing right now no we're
loving this I'm really excited to hear
okay I'm just gonna put it on
speakerphone and we're going to do our
best to get through it and your son's
kick her out and if you guys can hear
it's weird or we forget the lyrics yay
okay okay they're playing this on that
they made for us
they haven't reported it yet what's that
oh I was vlogging okay one thing we know
shall we explain it all right Wow okay
first okay can I just say like that is I
when you were playing it like I can
picture the video and so you guys have
the beat and the vibe like perfect like
I have goosebumps right now that was so
awesome you guys I can't wait to hear
the finished song like that's so a good
attic see that wood is supposed to say
long before you were ever born we've
been waiting for a miracle and amazing
okay so the to the couple that we were
just talking to that is my friend Jared
and his wife Rachelle they live in Idaho
he's the one that we went to the same
college he's writing a song for baby
Oliver too
it in the video that we're making for
him but also on the livestream for
Saturday we're gonna plug them in and
he's going to perform two songs because
him and his wife are actually a band
like a duo they are Nelson at the helm
they write amazing music if you guys are
fans of like Mumford & Sons of Monsters
and Men iron and wine boney they're a
city in color I mean like they're they
just make such good music and he's so
talented and he found a wife who can
sing amazing and they have the most
amazing music so we're gonna pull them
in on the live stream and actually have
a live musical guest and they're going
to perform a couple songs and chat Jared
is hilarious so I'm pretty sure he's
gonna have like some hilarious stories
of our adventures that we've had but I'm
super stoked because like the live
stream just keeps getting better and
better so now on Saturday we're gonna
have live music for you guys too so
that's definitely something to look
forward to the lyrics actually is like
oh like heart-wrenching and like I can't
believe it like he gets his own little
song yeah cool we are headed to actually
one of my work functions I don't
normally go to the events but we this
event actually is giving out free
chocolate milk actually we're going to
that place where we went on that velvet
coups yeah with all the kids we got
chocolate milk well they're giving out
that today and so I'm like super excited
I can't stop thinking about it so I
guess I'm going to work in a way but I
guess I also wanted a I answer the
question what I do for work is when you
guys saw me at work there's like a
billion people like what do you what do
you do
so I am simply put an office manager at
an office but I actually work at a
Chamber of Commerce so it's kind of like
we help promote businesses and it's kind
of a boring job I don't really want to
explain it all but we do put on a lot of
events and like for networking and all
that and so we're having one tonight we
have them all the time but I don't go to
them just because I'm pregnant I don't
really feel like going to them anymore
they offer free fried chicken and
chocolate milk yeah yeah then I'll be
there so there's a chicken there
wait is that chicken or rooster babe
yeah as we're eating chicken this is
literally eating chicken in front of
them he's like how could you these are
the cows drinking right now hi pika-pika
I want to see your big hey hey oh
hello whoa he's scary-looking huh
what devil was in there the turkey
attack yeah I can see that he looks mean
peacock okay this guy's seriously wants
their time so Missy went into the store
to get candy and came up with a chicken
stick well should I get chicken I dare
you to lick it John will you lick it
lick it for the vlog
lick it he'll do it
not that bad shut up I get it good
I'm pretty sure this is made for done
good I just walked in the door and kind
of already jumping up and down like she
thinks that this is you think this is
yours
really I broke it I'm sorry give him the
small piece oh no oh no mine Oh No so
we're just hanging out on the couch now
but I was feeling Missy's belly and
feeling how weird her bellybutton is so
weird looks so flat he's just one kickin
he's been kicking over here a lot he
only kicks I think he only kicks on the
left leg I don't even realize oh I
actually got a shot at the trampoline
park of my but I didn't even say
anything about it that he like oh yeah I
like I feel it and it seems so strong
and then when I watch I'm like it was so
small like from where I felt it would
felt yeah cuz it's inside you I know but
I feel it it feels like it he literally
came out like 2 inches and then I watch
it I'm like I was really tight you
really saw that hey come on
okay okay coming you're full-on making
out with me now oh I gotta give him
she's making a kiss if you guys don't
follow me on Instagram you should follow
me on instagram it's in the description
below what laughing Oh cuz you're
looking at okay so we went to the
trampoline park and I decided that it
would be a good idea to Instagram a
picture of me jumping like just jumping
midair excuse me wow you're gonna smell
that I'm sorry guys it's that fried
chicken we ate I took the picture and I
put it up I didn't think is any big deal
and then someone made a comment and then
like the comments just started going
crazy she keeps looking at it cuz I'm
holding it up but this is the picture
just let it soak in
and this reminds me of Ellen like what's
wrong with these photos photos look like
you guys really ought you can't see it
in the vlog I'll link it below so you
guys can see it it's just so funny I
don't know what's causing it it's
explicit it's not it's not explicit it's
just something looks like something else
and he's going on the slide we're trying
to take some throwback Thursdays photos
for you so we thought we'd show you
karma as a puppy look hust he actually
loves going down slides we're doing the
same face ah cute I mean look at that
face
I know hey carmine we're talking about
use it alright guys that's it for
today's vlog I did want to remind you
guys livestream is this Saturday at 1:00
p.m. Pacific Standard Time we are going
to have a live musical guest the same
couple who is writing a song for all of
her maybe I can convince them to play
like a little sneak peek that would be
really really cool RSVP is in the
description so if you guys can go on
Facebook and RSVP you don't have to but
it would just be nice to get like a
number so I'm super excited because they
get to play like a little like some
songs for you guys and they're so
talented and I'm excited to get to
interact with you guys so that should be
really cool oh and that's actually
tomorrow
yeah that's tomorrow you guys so get
ready get ready it's tomorrow oh and I
did why say I don't know this is
happening get ready to plan around okay
with Luna and luckily a girl every time
every time you can see on the big comfy
couch gonna do the clock thing
no okay I bet you and that's a throwback
Thursday right there yeah it is I did
want to say that if you guys follow us
on Twitter or you like the Facebook page
we will be pushing the link to the live
stream on there as well probably a
couple minutes before
course we can get everything ready and
get everything sent out so if you're not
sure exactly of the time in your time
zone definitely follow us on our
Facebook page or our Twitter accounts
because we'll be posting the links
beforehand so you guys can get in there
on time and you want to be in there on
time because Missy and I are going to be
doing a live version of our intro
however that works out it's going to be
funny
that's it for today's vlog thank you
guys for watching thank you guys for all
the support I'm just going through and
reading comments and just reminded of
like how awesome you guys are that's it
but I see by karma he's sniffing his
buddies like what motorbike they're
getting me a new phone trying to say
goodbye say goodbye to my iPhone
I know right stuff this is like the
first iPhone 5 I had 250 now it's
criminal
it's gonna go away I wonder what they do
is maybe gonna do it
no they're not I know they're not I hope
you have a good life
