hey go and pray go I go I go
Oh
having a boy at this morning guys Brian
here I'm about to run my house and this
is how my hair was like when I woke up
this morning great success I totally
forgot sunglasses again I was talking to
you guys in the bathroom why didn't you
remind me I could have grabbed him
Thanks
thanks guys all right so I just got back
I'm all done with shooting for the day
Tom I be editing quite a bit but uh we
really want to try we tried doing
Bailey's pictures yesterday and it was
kind of unsuccessful so we're gonna try
and do some spring portraits of Bailey
today okay I am stuffed I had I made
some like Mediterranean tacos with
romaine and hummus and Parmesan and
falafel but I forgot to vlog it but I
did take a picture of it if you guys
want to check it out on my Instagram it
was really really good and now we're
going to try and do some pictures of
Bailey some boring portraits
yeah
Oh
baby mama
give me your mama baby come to mama
can we really come here
CJ why are you sad we want to stay at
the park oh look at Bailey wants to stay
too she wants to take these kids they're
on sale any bidders CJ oh poor baby
she wasn't very happy with the photo
shoot so hopefully I get a few pictures
out of it we figure she'll hopefully be
old enough to stop all this yeah saying
you're Biggles this is a cool seat by
the way is this yours it's just yours
I'm probably too big for it huh I was
just going through some footage and
editing some of my favorite pics um from
Bailey shoot today and look at this one
that I found you guys look at that
little face ha ha ha
she just looked right up at me oh man
and if you look closely like only her
facial features aren't focused like her
eyes and her nose and a little bit of
her hair oh that is one of my favorite
photos it's like really amazing during
the shoot you don't think like you're
hoping you're getting shots but you
don't know and then when you go through
and you're like oh wow I actually did
get a lot of really great shots that's a
really great shot um so yeah and that's
still my favorite but if any of you guys
wanted to see the finished products from
this shoot you guys can like my
photography page for my photography
business in the link in the description
I'll put a link there so you guys can
check it out and I always put like all
the photos and stuff from like the last
photo shoots that I've done I'm a
cannibal or gamma cab guy look at me
again okay what's up boy he just took a
really good nap huh why were you look at
me hey boy hey boy you want a treat
we are running it Oh cookie cookie
cookie cookie cookie okay okay
can you dance okay I know look brother
roll over roll over roll over you can
have you kept it how many was Isaac like
four come on you worked hard for that
cookie huh come on come on boy hi look
Krista who is it who is it who is it
it's mommy
okay okay mom that's right stretch mark
right there I don't see anything no look
at it okay but that's literally like
enough like a little well yeah it could
be I mean obviously that's not that big
a deal but I'm saying could it turn into
I see this line huh hey Karma guess what
that's really annoying that's a stretch
mark
no I haven't seen something we would do
yeah don't you normally get them here
and here there are many where you get
them like right here - Oh Brian's trying
to get into the car do it this is a
problem well there you go there you go
oh wow
could the Prius be any closer we just
got a letter from what looks like a
subscriber from Canada Canada so yeah I
can't wait to open this hey go and pray
go I go I go
just got a letter from looks like her
name is karellen which I love that name
that's actually my cousin's name and I
just think it's a beautiful name
but I just wanted to say thank you so
much for keeping us in your prayers and
watching our daily bumps this letter was
just super cute and we just wanted to
say thank you look at this you guys
Missy got the biggest bread of like the
biggest sourdough bread she could find
cuz she's obsessed with sourdough okay
so I sort of trimmed up my facial hair a
little bit I don't know how long this is
gonna last you guys but it seems like
this side grows but no this side grows
hair better than this side is that
normal shouldn't it be like even but I
kind of cleaned it up a little
especially my neck we'll see what
happens I don't know if I'm really happy
with it I kind of have a round head if
you guys haven't notice I kinda have a
round head um it's very saline well I
don't know would you say I have a round
head or square head what do you guys
think round or square I don't know but
um I guess there's like different hair
styles you can do if you have a round
head square head or tall head and I
don't know I mean I don't know if the
all-over beard is gonna help or if it's
gonna accentuate this you know cuz this
isn't this isn't something that should
be accentuated not all also I want to
ask you guys what do you guys think we
should do for the chalkboard cuz it's
had that Keep Calm and baby on for
almost two months now and I'm thinking
it's about time to be changed
um someone had suggested maybe like a
countdown but I don't know if that's
like a real countdown because we don't
really know when the baby's coming you
know and that might just run for too
long so I'm thinking about maybe a new
design or maybe a new saying new phrase
what do you guys think leave it in the
comments what do you think we should put
on our chalkboard above our bed how
about that how about you guys leave a
comment with what you think we should
put on our chalkboard and whatever one
has the most up votes we'll do that one
there you go it's all I mean you guys
are controlling the chalkboard above our
bed right now
so I mean keep it clean
that should be fun though you guys are
controlling what we put on the
chalkboard leave it leave it in the
comments what you think and upload it
and yeah that'll be fun to see he's
actually watching this Morni how many
you watching a movie cuz he's having
some major back pain you really need to
see a chiropractor yeah I need to dance
for releasing back pain Brian used to
step on my back which obviously you
can't do can I'm pregnant but I really
need a major back crack you that's why
you don't step on your back kids
because I've never had it done and I
never have back problems and only the
people who back her the ones who always
have popped their backs all time dad
comma listens up forever I just I think
its genetic my mom has really bad back
problems too is this working
yeah I really is I already a huge
pressures gone away really yeah what do
it for now I felt better don't you fix
something I'm getting ready for bed and
um Brian told me about his plan on
everyone suggesting some ideas of what
we should do with our chalkboard and
then whoever has the most up votes
that's one we choose which is a is a
good idea I'm just a little nervous
be nice okay but we are getting ready
for bed while I am he'll probably be up
all night editing and doing stuff so we
will probably see you tomorrow I didn't
want to mention that I found watch Lee
my friend found an armoire on Craigslist
that I've been looking for like I've
been looking for this exact thing it
doesn't it's not um the color I wanted
um I want to obviously refinish and
repaint it but she found it it's the
perfect size exactly what I want and so
Brian's going down tomorrow to get it
and I'm super excited about it gonna be
a great addition to the baby's corner
the yeah Brian has to be there at 10:00
a.m. there's tons of people interested
but we're
the first ones to go get to see it so
hopefully it's exactly what I'm thinking
in my head I think it is and I'm just so
excited so in 35 bucks like it's like
really good quality I mean I have to
refinish and painted but it's exactly
what I think we want so I'm really
really excited so I can't wait for to
see how it looks and how we get to
refinish it otherwise we will see you
guys tomorrow bye I feel bad because
you're saying goodbye and I honestly
goodbye my dreams say goodbye bye bye hi
I want to show you actually what I
thought had Trader Joe's because I'm
really really excited I found a
hamburger meat that's 96% lean it's all
organic and it's only a hundred and
thirty calories for one patty which is
really awesome if the next one down was
like 260 and then I got some light
Havarti cheese which is my favorite
cheese and I'm gonna make
