okay SoCo people asked how do you feel
about me and Brian being on YouTube and
doing daily vlogs okay well when it
started out with you being on doing your
pregnancy channel I thought it was
amazing because not only were you
turning a tragic situation and making it
not about you and wanting to help others
which was amazing to me and like it was
like you found a calling and you found a
purpose so I thought that was awesome
and I got a huge quick lesson in YouTube
and the internet and all of that and it
really is a really cool community I love
it and I probably am on YouTube now more
than I watch television because it's so
much he's all my favorite mom bloggers
yeah I love it all so I'm a huge I love
it the dailies was a little bit more
scary for me obviously you don't want
your child to be overexposed in sharing
over sharing I worried about like are
people gonna know where you live or
things like that and we all live in the
same house and I don't want to be on
camera and so there are times when I'll
hear them having a conversation and I
don't know there's a camera on and I'll
pipe in from the other room because I'll
just hear them talking and I'll be like
oh yeah I remember this and they're like
we're um vlogging okay cut that out
because that was really embarrassing or
I'll just like walk into a room and I'm
in my pajamas and I you know and I'll be
like oh that was all an adjustment for
everyone it's an adjustment yes so um
obviously not all of us want to be on
camera all the time and when they're
vlogging we all live in the same house
and they're very respectful of making
sure like one of my biggest things was
look if my house is messy go film in
your room I don't want you know my house
doesn't always look nice because there's
people here there's six people here
don't show my messy house yeah it's not
adjusted to that it's pretty much fine
yeah I think she's gotten a little bit
used to I mean it's all always
when you start filming yourself and
hearing your voice oh that's really
crazy right when you start hearing your
voice on yeah oh my gosh I really wish I
hadn't talked
can you please cut that out he's like
too late it's already on there yeah I
were you watched it it's on the internet
right now but other than that I think
that we all actually end up enjoying it
she loves our dailies because she
watches them every morning they're my
kids when you left the house that's so
good I mean it is all day yeah I mean I
probably you know it's probably
heightens my noisiness because you know
I mean I do we're both Aries we're very
nosey so now it's like not only I don't
have to just say so where were you just
turn on the Internet
now I know where you weren't I know what
you did yeah we both know the benefit of
it which is one day we are going to have
amazing yeah like I'm so jealous I'm
jealous because I didn't get my first
video camera till you were four and even
then you know we took you know these
stupid VHS you know videos that fell
apart over the years but I think that
what you're doing is lucky yeah I think
it's funny today actually Brian asked my
dad did you take a lot of naps when you
first had a newborn and my dad's like oh
you know I don't really remember I don't
know and Brian goes well let's just turn
on your vlog your daily vlog that yes
please like it's kind of sad that things
that we have forgotten we have forgotten
way more than we've ever remember yeah
but yeah we all love doing it though in
the end it's all benefit and we just all
try and respect each other as far as
yeah probably the thing that scares me
about YouTube is um you know that there
are people out there whose only and main
goal in life is to be negative and I
don't like these are my kids and I don't
want anybody being mean to them yeah so
it's hard for me if if people are being
mean or you know or the or the creepy
people you know which actually the
response the both of them have gotten
have been like like wow there are really
there I thought it was just gonna be
like Maine people are gonna go
on there and then while there are people
who I believe you know that their goal
in life is to be mean and negative for
the most part 99.9% of the people who
are involved in their you know by
watching them or whatever are very kind
mazing supportive yeah so that's been a
nice a nice plus yes
they're having a birthday good morning
bumpers this morning I am making eggs in
a basket if you don't know what X in a
basket are basically you cut a hole in
the toast like that or just bread and I
sprayed my pan with a little bit of
cooking spray and then you drop an egg
in there and you cook it up and it like
I don't know like the middle part gets
into the egg and then the white part
like soaks into the bread and it makes
it like crispy and it's just really good
and Missy's mom was actually asking me
was like is that something your mommy's
to make you in the morning no but it
sounds like something a mom would make
for a kid so this is what they look like
when you pull them out with the little
egg inside and hey I'll flip this one so
you guys see the other side like the egg
sort of just spreads around and cooks it
on bread and it's just a really cool
breakfast to have and also another cool
thing is 250 calories so it's a nice
little simple breakfast that I like to
have every now and then that is like a
super bad for you Missy's taking my
Pizza goldfish yeah but she's already
and she's headed to work and I get to
stay here and work yep I should I just
can't bring my computer to your work and
work with you really it only weighs like
30 pounds have a good day at work I love
you
conv you come see me my boy hey boy
just kidding I love you I have like
bunch of projects that I just got
emailed so I'm gonna be sitting on my
computer probably until she gets home so
I've just been catching up on some daily
vloggers and doing some work on my
computer and look who I just found in
the closet again boy why hang out
he actually he's afraid of when we watch
YouTube videos when he especially when
he hears our voices
he gets so freaked out cuz he doesn't
understand that it's like not real so he
actually will like run away and hide
it's the funniest thing
um and I just figured out that the
slight is broken there's a sound broken
mm-hmm let's try getting don't really
suck if it's broken we just got this
thing come on boom there it is oh it's
very bright very bright and hot it's
like noon and I'm still in my pajamas
and I feel like a bomb especially with
my scraps crafts who-who is dad saying
hi really hey hey hey we're gonna do
some pictures of her today because she
needs some 9-month portrait ha and
you're almost 12 months she has that a
nine month portrait yeah so we're gonna
do huh all right come here
did you did you total sea turtle
she walks everywhere now apparently
she's really good at it I'm baby come
over here can't carry that one let me
see it
ah see she does better that way oh she's
gonna wreck to the
look oh goodness she's walking around
and picking things up thank you thank
you very much yeah
oh I got an email can you read my email
oh let's take that away Bailey do the
tongue thing she did it I'm super cute
and I just found blogging and I love it
huh
hey everyone I just got home and I'm
sitting down to eat my delicious lunch
Parmesan noodles
and I'm still trying to get this one to
sleep they were starting to fall but
none of them ever watching our vlogs she
likes watching oh yeah and then as soon
as she takes a nap and then wakes up
hopefully in a better mood we plan to do
photoshoot over all right chef and this
is what we've been listening to for 30
minutes snores hey Bailey sweated all
over me look at her hair's long curly
now and my sides all nasty sweaty you
sweat on me you sweat on me are you
awake
how many people does it take to put on
shoes did you get those long starting to
do it
so you got Bailey all dressed up we got
our favorite music on Oh getting ready
to leave those oh right her shoe just
fell off so the pictures didn't really
work out it just got dark way too fast
today it probably looks pretty well lit
cuz of the camera but it's actually
pretty like muggy out today so we're
just going to do something tomorrow
outside and maybe a little earlier I
want to do something earlier today she
was just cranky and she was tired and
she had to sleep so she had to take a
nap which kind of put us in a time
crunch so now I get to figure out how to
install this thing in our car so I can
take your home yeah yeah yeah all right
so we dropped off the little ones and
now we are going into diretor Trader
Joe's it's my first time we headed into
the store but I really need to be on my
game with what I'm eating the next
couple of weeks so we're just gonna go
in and check it out but I've never been
so all right so that place is pretty
dope I mean I went crazy I got like some
really lean organic meat because I'm in
craving red meat so I really want to
make some cheeseburgers and then they
got me hooked on falafel and they were
like shoving like romaine with hummus
and it was just everything looked
amazing so needless to say I found a new
favorite store with Trader Joe's there's
any in the car waiting for Brian to get
out of the store and I'm just like
looking at my phone and I hear this lady
say like she's just she started yelling
like what the ass and then I look out
and she threw her food all over the
ground I gotta show you guys this out
okay look there's her burrito hey
there's her burrito that she threw then
there's her wrapper and her soda can she
really just looked super mean and really
scary but I'm really not a fan of
littering so that was my main thing I
felt like I want I wanted to literally
just pick up her trash and be like did
you drop something because it's just
didn't make any sense to me why she
would throw things onto the ground but
who knows I don't know the situation
maybe maybe she got really bad news I
don't know I want to show you actually
what I got at Trader Joe's because I'm
really really excited I found a
hamburger meat that's 96% lean it's all
organic and it's only a 130 calories for
one patty which is really awesome
because the next one down was like 260
and then I got some light Havarti cheese
which is my favorite cheese and I'm
gonna make cheeseburgers filling because
I've been craving cheeseburgers and then
I also got this thing they were doing
samples of called Mediterranean tacos
and you take a piece of romaine and you
put hummus on it which I got there and
then you put a lawful on it which it
honestly tasted like a meatball but they
said it's like beans and stuff I've
never had it before I tested it in the
store tell me if you guys like falafel
or if you eat it but that was really
interesting I mean I love hummus so why
wouldn't I love something like falafel
cuz I'm weird like that and then we
found some really awesome strawberries
they're huge um that was only like 269
and then I also found these mini
chocolate sandwiches and they're made
with soy and they're only 90 calories of
Sandwich so I'm really stoked for that
I'm gonna see if they taste you know
pretty similar to normal
ice cream and then I also got one of
these apple banana fruit wraps which
I've already had and they're pretty good
and they're only 50 calories
so a successful trip to Trader Joe's I
think this is definitely gonna become
one of my favorite stores and I can't
wait to try my burger that I'm gonna
make
right my mom are getting ready to do the
Q&A that we've been planning on going
forever and oh by the way I just hugged
Bryan and he literally like stabbed me
with his beard I'm really getting over
this whole beard thing I don't tell
people I'm expecting my third grandchild
because it's confusing and it makes for
maybe a sad and awkward conversation so
yeah they're doing their you know okay
look at this so I just came into the
room and earlier we were doing we won't
be tried doing pictures of Bailey in
here and so I turned on Beyonce and it's
still on its it's like 10:30 and we did
that at like 3 that means Beyonce's
literally and playing on my computer for
like eight hours now
oh yeah Missy and her mom are doing the
Q&A right now and it's actually really
really cool like the insight that we're
getting from her mom on the pregnancy's
about YouTube you know about stuff from
our past like what she thought of me
when she first met me and like it's
actually just like really really cool no
I'm just got done filming our Q&A and it
was really fun
like we had a really awesome time like
talking and getting to like show like
mine and my mom's personality together
was just a lot of fun cuz we get we're
like best friends so it was really fun
so and she talked a lot about YouTube
which is interesting
yeah I know why we date or how how she
feels about us daily vlogging so that
was a really interesting part now
Brian's wrapping up tear down yeah I'm
trying to stretch I think I got into a
really uncomfortable position this does
not look comfortable
really I think Missy is like really
lucky that I do videography and
photography for a living because a
normal person would be so annoying
having to put all of this away cuz like
a normal husband would be so fed I'll be
like I'm not putting all that away or
I'm not importing all that footage I'm
not editing all that video it's like I
love doing all that so okay guys so I'm
gonna try one of these little dessert
things that I got from Trader Joe's
today it is a soy ice cream dessert
sandwich and I basically only got these
because they were 90 calories so we're
gonna see if they're any good actually
okay so they're definitely smaller in
person they look huge on the box so now
I understand why they're 90 calories I
thought maybe because of a soy but I
don't think that's so but let's try it
and see how it is it's actually really
good I've always known soy milk to be
like a little sweeter but this is good I
mean I don't know it's if it's only 90
calories because of the size or because
it because it's soy let me know let me
know you guys if like soy is just like
lowering calories but it's really good
and it's organic we're gonna go to bed
but I just want to thank you guys so
much you know for being our subscribers
and being our support you know the thing
that Missy's mom said at the beginning
of the vlog is so true like we just love
all you guys so much and all the
comments you guys give us and the likes
you put on our videos and like you know
I've seen people like sharing our videos
on Twitter which is so cool and yet
we're just like we're so grateful for
you guys and we love being on YouTube
and you guys just make it so much better
you know what I mean like you guys sort
of keep us going and keep us doing this
so I just wanted to thank you guys all
so so so much I'm speaking of Twitter if
you're not following me on Twitter my
hat or my username is below follow me
send me a tweet and I'll talk to you
guys I'm almost out of thousand
followers on Twitter which is really
really cool but that's all I guess all I
gotta say I mean we love you guys and
thank you for watching and we will see
you manana
she brought that with my camera exact I
will if you give me the ice cream three
leaf over yeah what we're looking for
florist four leaf clovers the three leaf
ones are cool too it's not a four leaf
but it's a three
