hello hello hello hello oh my gosh we're
both five years old okay I'm gonna get a
party though
oh yeah
having a birthday good morning guys
comma is hurt karma come here no you
can't he still wants the mayor max is up
there come on come here don't be all shy
now I know you heard it let me see oh
he's got a little sore oh it's okay
Carla you're gonna be okay I think that
was from the dog park maybe or all the
tree climbing you did yesterday you
should have gone up there karma mmm poor
guy about him now you're gonna be okay
bunch of belly rubs will that help well
lots of belly rubs help karma I actually
found out cuz he jumped on the bed and
then ran out and then there's a little
blood on the bed it's like a crime scene
over here karma no I'm not giving you
the mayor Max's but give you a treat bet
you didn't know those were in there huh
huh sit sit boy bleaching the sheets
hopefully that comes out and I was gonna
bandage it but Missy's mom said it'll
heal a lot faster if I don't cuz he'll
just take it off and he's gonna lick it
and licking it is actually a good thing
boy you have permission to lick your paw
hey just go over there and do it on the
on the grain don't go on the don't go on
the nice rug so he should be okay I'll
check on that a little later look now he
knows the treats are in there huh you're
not getting any more I'm sorry I know
your paws bleeding but look at this bomb
salad I miss you just set me it's got
eggs bacon croutons peppers mmm and I'll
Sonic
yeah I'm surely done it's so bright out
here I just broke your mirror just
kidding
am I supposed to move like that it's
busy Hey they barely even notice her God
hey they're just running to do a couple
things but I want to show you so when we
vlog in public we get some like funny
looks you guys probably see them behind
us like looking at us kind of funny so
um I made up these cards to sort of
explain ourselves or like when we're
done eating to leave one because then if
they see us like we were vlogging while
we're eating they can be like oh I guess
that makes sense but um we made these
little cards and they say did you cut
just talking to our camera check out our
actual reality show on YouTube and it
has like all our information stuff so
that way people can sort of like see
what we're doing and I mean it would be
interesting to them because they're in
the same place as us you know and then
on the other side we put a bumps along
the way stuff so cuz Missy sees a lot of
like women who are pregnant and you know
ask her like Oh
are you pregnant and then you know I
think I'd be interesting if they could
actually get to see like my vlog and see
some like a story really pregnant like I
am so yeah yeah that would be
interesting we don't really need
business cards but they're like fun to
have to show off to people and like if I
totally saw someone give us this like I
would be like yeah I'm gonna check it
out like I thought be so interesting to
me because it's like someone in our own
area like I know we have a couple
viewers from this area who watches and
I'm like oh it's so cool to see you like
in all these places that I used to go to
all the time so that's what we just got
today this he stole my sunglasses they
were right here you didn't come on
I think but this he look how bright it
is I'm driving this doesn't say you're
there you won't even know where are your
glasses they're broken oh you didn't
bring that son no they're too expensive
golly I'm cutting you off Missy is
addicted to the phone what is your show
me your phone message it is on 4:30 and
you have how much percentage left on
that one one person that's my I
work all day and I don't do anything
with it and then when I get off it's at
1% it's stupid it's messed up we're
Nicole hello is that my phone she's so
dick to the phone she just answered my
phone come this is his wife whenever I'm
at hand you know feeling my baby kick
I was so obviously excited about it that
I imagined myself always announcing it
like always feel like the baby just
kicked
so everyone knew like every time the
baby kicked but you don't realize that
it becomes so normal and so just like a
part of you that like yeah I notice it
in it I process it in my brain and oh
the baby just kicked but it would become
extremely exhausting to not only myself
but to everyone else if I announce to
every single time the baby kicked but I
don't realize it because I think like I
constantly get reassurance that he's
okay all day long but they don't because
I don't announce it every yeah actually
like when you do tell me he kicked I'm
like oh wow he hit yeah but I don't
announce it to me like maybe once a day
I know like I'll just be like oh he's
kicking a lot and I'm smelling like a
lot then I'm like oh he's kicking me all
a lot you know then I said I always just
thought like he kicked you once a day
you know yeah no I he kicks like at
least probably once an hour
wasn't me Oh
at least because really he kicks
sometimes he'll kick for like an hour
straight he'll just keep kicking and
kicking and kicking him why don't you
then just tell me every single time he
kicks that would become exhausting like
I just can't do that but I always
imagined myself that I would be so
exciting and it is so exciting but it
would become so exciting on just like he
kicked he just kicked us out let's get
it out let's make up a word like a seat
like a code well let's do that we can
say whenever he kicks just say the word
Dumbledore no no I could just say kick
no say the word Dumbledore Dumbledore
I'll do a different word okay my Harry
Potter fan
whenever he kicks say the word flipper
flipper okay I can I'll try it's really
hard so I'm feeling crafty anyone else
anyone else feeling crafty I actually
really want to make the twinkle twinkle
little star sign that we're gonna do for
his nursery so I found these little
letters to do but I definitely need
another bag and they're all out look at
all this cool stuff it always just makes
me that's it like um Home Depot oh you
know what they'd have a match that crap
store Hobby Lobby of course the one time
we can get something at Walmart and we
can fun yeah sweet I don't work style
fonts Missy we can make a birdhouse well
I have birdhouses already made but we
can like design them
for the birds Missy barbecue I could
totally see you eyeing us there little
gotti half my glass about my eyes the
kind of seemed like you should be a
novelist I see try on the Harry Potter
glasses some actually exactly like these
I think we are back at the old HD home
depot easel it seems like we're here a
lot I guess that's one thing that
happens when you like blow is better
because they have like ice and stuff um
they have shaved ice my wife lady's a
joke open it open it
hello yeah oh it's just another door oh
sorry
hello hello hello hello oh my gosh we're
both 5 years old
hello I know like that's cute
like hey yo it's like people just love
ruining decisions that you have to make
oh you have to buy a door knob choose
from 70 yeah look at this okay you can
flick it a little away again anyway
looks like the Twitter bird I'm sure
that they have it here these are too big
babe
come on use your head that is so cool
hmm it doesn't work missing someone
already tried it and that's why this
one's broken
we found the vintage Mir section this is
a really cool mirror can we get this one
what do you tell me oh that's like a
beachy color this more matches our room
cuz we do the black and white stuff
they're so big yeah this one's cool
though
someone's kind of beachy right look what
we just found a little boat can we do
with it well we could put his role on
his old turtle thing here yeah little
like starfish yeah oh gosh we were in
there for way to f'ing long okay it's
like you can't like see but it's getting
darker outside even and all we got was a
boat we just kept debating on like a
million different things and then we
were like you know what just go but we
got the cool boat okay we started
opening a package from Madeline in Texas
and we couldn't not show this it says
karma chameleon on it and he already
knows it's his he's like jumping up and
down like give me three it's so funny I
didn't realize that we had called him
that a lot on the laws but that is his
actual name he's his favorite oh oh he's
so happy we got your treats boy we
haven't gotten these in a while so so be
happy
Oh Thank You Madeline in Texas I think
he'll do one cool trick how about the
chocolate chip you're a one-trick puppy
Oliver you can't roll over right here oh
okay high five
oh he knows here Nina's she's so dainty
thank you
blue- that so we're getting ready to
shoot a haul video for Missy channel but
I just opened this closet and look at
what's in here
just filled to the top with boxes we got
a crib box Amazon box
stroller box slider box Missy isn't ever
solid like a hundred percent oh that's
why you have to keep everything all the
receipts all the boxes
good idea anyways yeah it's a good idea
for someone who can't make up their mind
maybe so we just got done filming our
baby haul and now it's a mess I had this
all neatly organized underneath the crib
so that um it was just neat and now it's
just a total mess and Brian even started
taking off all my little tags to help me
figure out who things are from it's just
like all a mess and totally disorganized
and now I have to sit here and organize
it I love to organize things yeah it's
like 9:30 but I have to be up super
super early to shoot tomorrow and
commish freaking out because he really
wants treat you really want treat you
did so good yesterday with everyone hi
Cory
quick quick quick say oh you have to do
when I tell you to do it you want to do
high five high five high five he won't
do it when I'm holding it effect boom
there you go buddy
see ya I have to be up super early for
shoot tomorrow so I'm just gonna end the
vlog we did film the YouTube baby haul
and hopefully it will be up on Missy's
channel tomorrow so if you're watching
this it's probably up and it'll be
linked in the description I did want to
say that our hearts go out to those of
you in Boston but um you know it's a
really devastating thing and Missy and I
both are just feeling a plethora of
emotions you know it's really sad and
it's disgusting and it just it just it's
one of those things that just reminds
you you know if you love someone just
let them know you know so take that with
you guys on on today's vlog tell tell
people you love them and cherish the
time that you have with them that's
always been a big thing for Missy and I
you know especially in our pregnancies
is we cherish every moment we have with
our little baby so yeah that's just you
know there are no words I guess it's
just been a really long day full of a
lot of emotions so I did want to say
that to you guys and thank you guys so
much for all your love and support I'm
doing this YouTube haul you know it
really put into perspective just how
blessed we are and how much you guys
love us and care about
it's so awesome and we just thank you
guys for being here along for the ride
and we will see you guys tomorrow
PS happy 19th birthday - dusty Cameron
thank you for being a fellow bumper I
see you on our daily vlogs all the time
commenting and stuff
you're awesome also I did want to
confirm with you guys that we are doing
a live stream on the 20th at 1:00 p.m.
Pacific Standard Time so put it in your
calendars put it in your phones and
don't miss it we would love to have you
guys there let us know in the comments
what kind of like games we should play
maybe with you guys and start thinking
up some questions we'll probably devote
part of the time to Q&A and then the
other part time to just having fun and
talking and stuff like that oh come here
girl he fits ad when you can't do it oh
my gosh I don't know if I got that on
video but that was insane
karma careful boy Oh careful cut oh oh
he landed on sweet you'll have it on
speaker
karma come here I
