I gotta go to the bathroom you guys
daddy is making a huge smelly thing over
there don't smell it
does it smell stinky wherever you are
that's whatever wannabe
good morning who's here Finn what do you
call her what is she well is that tt1
and he calls her titi good morning guys
auntie and she's been hanging out the
boys anyways yeah we me and Bryan and
Corbin are all headed out we're gonna go
look at some houses and we're gonna go
do some fun stuff out here so Cassie's
gonna take over for a bit which she
hasn't really watched the kids in a long
time she's like she lives pretty far
away now so she doesn't really get the
chance so this would be kind of fun for
the kids because they miss their auntie
a lot many ways we're headed out we're
gonna get houses all right Tom what's
going on
I owe you wait where's the camera do
something there we go what do you wanna
say them
thanks a lot of fun who are you talking
to yeah me yeah you must be vlogging
Ollie has this thing decked out a gun
and the one in a suit
is your brother right in his Boise go
get your unicorn fin all right you guys
fin wants to vlog his unicorn
how's that looking it's so good it looks
like like the Hollywood like the change
theater place yeah it does huh well
usually on the and those they do to your
foot they're ollie if you guys missed
yesterday's vlog where we put our
handprints on the new flagpole I'll have
it linked in the clearing so you guys
can watch it feels so good having a flag
really put your hand on it now twice as
big
so it is actually swim lesson time and
Finn was just in he was in there for
about five minutes and he completely was
like no wait I want to do this right now
so I think he might just be too close to
naptime and he's just too tired so and
then he fell on the way in so it was now
he's just like absolutely done he's like
I'm not getting in that water you're
crazy
no do you want go swimming no but all he
is out there right now with his swim
teacher and he is doing so good so I'll
try and show you guys what he's doing
and how he's being such a good listener
and just doing exactly what he's
supposed to so it's really cool and you
couldn't take a break this week if you
want okay
hi karma karma what do you want where
have you been digging up that is the
creepiest thing I have ever seen did you
seriously just find a zombie hand karma
karma where'd you dig it up does he you
just brought me a bloody zombie hand I
need I need answers probably one of the
weirdest things my dog has ever brought
me zombie hands never happy alright play
with that Karma the zombie slayer all I
just got done with swim and he did so
good and now look this over Peyton
yeah Geoffrey tower just here helping us
out with some stuff and now Peyton's
here and we're watching her while they
go pick up lip and then we're gonna go
do something really fun later you guys
what we're doing later
yeah Ollie are you excited for that
yes Ollie has been asking every single
day to go to the trampoline park and
apparently we didn't know this but
Peyton's been asking her parents every
single day to go to the trampoline park
and I think they have been like planning
this forever to try and get us to go to
the trampoline park and I guess it's
gonna work but Finn's taken a nap I
think he's waking up now so they're
gonna play I'm gonna get Finn up and
then we're coming in head out soon good
morning you just woke up guess who's
here Finn
P tips here good morning
yeah he's been asking for baby June for
like every day in court we actually just
left he's headed home to go see baby
June we'll see them soon okay okay let's
go see P he's so excited you're here
Peyton all right kiddos you just hanging
out and playing oh oh that's so cool you
guys play daddy has to go to the
bathroom he doesn't feel very good okay
I know Finn I know it happens to all all
of us huh I gotta go to the bathroom
you guys is maybe a huge Nelly thing
over there
don't smell it does it smell stinky oh
my gosh he just turned into poop so turn
into a giant smell me what do I smell
like what about you smell me oh that
smells so stinky yeah get it away from
me I don't want to touch it it actually
does look like a giant what is so funny
all right the poop is starting to
deflate Oh guys Wow
he has shed all that poop
a lot of poop Brian you might have some
issues you wanna get in the poop - now
they're all inside direction yeah that
was a cute little skit I love doing fun
little things like that for the kids but
you guys want to see more cool things
like that be sure to click the I card in
the corner and check out those playlists
Oh are they you sure you're not gassy
come on Finn come on Ollie come on pit
in you're all done pooping in there all
right we're gonna use the air compressor
to fill it up
oh wow she just clung to that poop emoji
you guys are getting carried by poop
emoji have you seen your mugging movie
yet no neither of these boys it is you
guys want to go see it what are you
doing just started working out at the
gym so she's very sorry
I think of that what did you think of
the poop emoji Finn yeah so it's cool
this costume comes with like a little
battery pack and you hook it up inside
and it has a fan that blows it up super
hot yeah all right what are you doing
started falling yeah it actually is
really sad
Wow
it makes this room look very plain now
yeah some kind of like picture like
plain no I think so like smaller okay
yep all right you guys it's like barely
light out outside but we are just so
tired are we yeah we're ready for bed
the boys had such an exciting day they
got to play with live and pay and I got
to Surprise them and he poop emoji
costume which was hilarious and then you
guys played at a playground didn't you
yeah yeah yeah be so sweet right now
Finny do you want to say bye bye bye
thank you guys so much for watching if
you enjoyed it please give this video a
thumbs up thumbs up subscribe check out
the videos in the iCard intimacy I mean
Jana Finney what do you say
you
