last week we profiled seven candidates
vying for a seat on Hemet City Council
today we continue our political theme
and get an exclusive interview with the
mayor of Idlewild eilmer max darn glad
to meet you I just want you to know I
have Otto wilds interest at heart
mayor max ran an extremely successful
campaign in large part due to his catchy
campaign slogan I'm max and I'm very
friendly he's very friendly he's very
friendly he's very friendly he's very
friendly looks kidding at first voters
were skeptical of his ability because of
his age but his key demographic girls
aged six to sixty really helped launch
him into office however Max's road to
the mayor's office was not without
scandal he won the first debate on a
technicality after chasing his
counterpart keke the cat right out of
town hall and up a tree he made big
promises on the campaign trail and now
the pressures on to come through I
promised a fire hydrant on every corner
in Idlewild and doggone it I won't quit
until I succeed here you go honey have a
sticker mayor max has surrounded himself
with a great support team I'm not doing
this alone my deputy mayor and confidant
Ricky raccoon is with me all the way
mayor max is a tireless public servant
that attends 15 to 20 charity functions
a month if you have any questions or
concerns for the mayor you can find him
on Facebook as for the mayor's future
how does the White House sound
okay so unsubscribe
having a birthday
morning everyone I hope y'all are having
an awesome Monday we are headed to a
little town named Idlewild and this is a
town that's about our - away from us and
it's up in the mountains so it's this
little mountain town it's so cute and my
mom actually grew up there so I like to
go up there and visit a lot but recently
their mayor has passed away
now their mayor is actually a dog and he
was an amazing dog he his name was mayor
max the love that came from him was just
amazing and we met him for the first
time at a Christmas tree lighting that
we went to in November last year and it
was just first of all to have a dog as a
mayor it's just amazing to me I just
thought that was the coolest thing he
was the sweetest dog he wears like this
little tie and he's just so so cute and
so we are going up there to celebrate
his life because he passed away last
week in his sleep I guess he had been
suffering from cancer for about three
years now
he was totally active crazy cool dog he
um he did a lot of fundraising for
no-kill shelters up there and um was
just this great little life for
Idyllwild it's really sad when I found
out he died I was so so sad like I woke
up - like could I couldn't sleep one
night and I was just checking my phone
and I saw it and I was just like oh my
gosh
and I like woke up Brian Brian Mayer max
has died and he was like no are you
ready to go karma you are you gonna go
cuz I gonna think Thanks Karma's running
for mayor cuz he's got his cool little
bowtie on homeboy hooker move
oh he's excited he's excited but can we
please go can we please go this is
brushing em so it looks nice he always
looks so like crazy a try after eh and
you got to look your best boy that look
your best this is one of the best things
in the world right here
fresh jacket right out of the dryer nice
and warm all right you got you got your
ball you got a nice comfy blanket you
can be okay back here
alright we're closing it we're closing
it because again we're close again okay
so to get to Idlewild there's a couple
place you have to go through and one of
them is this ghetto little town I'm not
gonna say the name of it but just you
guys know there are a few places you
don't go for food in a ghetto little
town I would say that a Carl's jr. is
one of those a KFC is one of those those
are already kind of like sketchy
fast-food places but of course Missy is
craving chicken with a honey mustard and
ranch so we went to KFC and just like I
had assumed it was pretty ghetto so
usually when we're in the car with car
Betty oh my gosh she's like a dog just
funny oh yeah see that's this place
okay uh usually when we're in the car
with Karma he is really bad like he's
not he just jumps and cries and just
can't wait to get out of the car and
it's usually because he knows we're
going to the PA okay he's like a little
kid but anyways yeah so he knows in so
anyways he has been so good we've been
in the car for probably 30 45 minutes he
literally just been sitting here like a
good little boy
he still has a pretty winding road yes
to go which I am NOT looking forward to
I thought maybe I should eat so it is a
very foggy day it's basically pure white
when you look out it's like it's heaven
look at this wow it's like that's
seriously what it looks like it's
completely white
it's really cool okay
like we're going up to doggy heaven yeah
I totally just broke to the pounds and
now we are looking at a beautiful
gorgeous oh look at that blue I got a
while
we have arrived this is Idlewild and
this is Mayor max look at cute oh my god
this little bridge we're going under
buckler bridge ready boy paints bridges
this is a really interesting bridge
Creek down there see you I've been
enjoying your baby bumble oh thank you
God last sight afternoon I'm glad you're
not sick anymore oh thank you alright
come inside of me okay mayor max used to
patrol the city in his little mayor
mobile max he's got a metal on a tie
that's us
Missy we made it onto the board picture
that was actually when we came to Ottawa
karma wants it if you want me man that
was actually when we came to Idlewild or
the tree lighting and we've logged that
entire day before we started vlogging so
I'll put a link in the description so
you guys can watch that it's quite the
spread here look at they got doggy
treats and cookies is that funny they
all look like no karma you guys have
been the highlight in their baby's life
making efforts to look at all the
Miramax's here's his election poster
this is his political action committee
called the pack racks look at this hi
you are you are you hey buddy time my
buddy oh you're pretty you look like our
puppy huh the hips to drink got everyone
huh karma they're all the same they all
taste the same balance the best
obviously yeah my cookie boy is it yeah
you must rolled over
there was a cookie right there but it's
not there anymore because of this guy
good one karma hi puppy you guys are so
cute hi
so good
I'm not giving you that it's getting
quite full in here
to implement all of the duties that were
given my job description which is to you
know promote the positive or not I wanna
help
to be involved in the community and
confident really possible but a dream
and Isis campaign platform that is still
one website always people I can't beat
platform
what to convey who doesn't love to do as
many of these artists as possible and to
improve the quality fun posterity would
like more than anyone so he worked very
hard to do that
fever
I was
Oh
dreamers Popsy
Hey
look at you king of the rock boy cuz he
just likes finding places for karma to
jump on - you did it he's like yeah that
was fun but I'm exploring I was a good
little service we just got out um and we
got little mayor maxes I got a medium
max she got medium max I got mini max we
got kiddies Soph - but it was just so
interesting hearing her share about her
dog and how much she loved him and how
much good he did for the town and I just
couldn't help thinking of Missy and
karma because she just loves him so much
and she does the same things and she
lets him on the bed and she snuggles
with them and they cuddle and karma
tears up toys and he loves water come on
boy I just know snoring he raised him in
such a good way to get to be like a wild
dog almost it's not like it just have
fun with him he just she let him have so
much fun
I did want to mention too that the guy
who wrote the song the mayor max on
during the service I'll actually play a
little bit about that in the end but if
you guys want to check out his websites
below because he was nice enough to send
me the mp3 to play for the vlog for you
guys at the end and I'm putting a little
video together for them too
so if you want to see the extra video I
did of more footage of the service and
stuff you can check below in the
description for that video as well he's
a singer-songwriter from LA and he's got
a couple of funny songs on iTunes as
well so I'll put I'll have all the links
below so you guys can check that out
come on come so we're just finding a
hiking trail but look at this little
little wooden bear running up and look
if there's another one using monoculars
I don't know how a bear is using
binoculars but these are the kind of
cute things that you find in Idlewild
and actually we're driving right under
tahquitz Rock also known as what Lily
Lily Rock so that's like the crown jewel
of Idlewild check out this beautiful
place you guys are there's talk once
again
it's just like this little map and
toilets mountain mountain town
it's like nestled in these like between
that rock this sign is so funny because
no parking anytime and it says parking
we weren't sure if there was parking or
not so our cars right down there and we
hiked up this part so there's there's
two things going on right now one
Macias winded so she's already done but
also there's a sign over here that says
be prepared for hazardous conditions I
don't know how much we can hike going up
higher with hey what do you think hiking
is babe it's it's going up a trail hi
I'm guy I'll Ethan is just like whiny
little trail we're high have a freakin
Hill huh
c'mere boy whoa look at this tree Kharma
climb the tree Oh
come over here Carmen it's sad when you
can't do it oh my gosh oh I don't know
if I got that on video but that was
insane karma careful boy Oh careful cut
oh oh he landed on his feet he landed on
his feet karma come here I fell out of
the tree yeah this is a really cool
treated I want to climb this tree
humans can klein I don't know about four
legged animals up Brian thinks he can
climb the tree now I have a country in a
long time this is not gonna be pretty
oh gosh Carmen you have to go up there
and get you know karma oh it's like
really easy to climb I know God is gay I
wanna know cuz they're not eat look oh
hey Carver
you careful right karma just reclined
the tree again karma is going to fall
karma please be careful
oh my you're gonna hurt yourself and I
can't okay I gotta help
oh my gosh why did you do that karma
you're gonna have to hunt down I'm sorry
no don't let him hop down this way no
this no he can do this way he just you
were kind of in the way Bryan okay car
okay okay you can go the front ways but
anyway okay go come Chucky
oh stop climbing tree I don't think I'm
doing any higher okay
you silly you like climbing trees huh
Carmen's been climbing trees since he
was a baby what are you planning on
doing Karma
you're gonna bury your leash are you
gonna bury it because we kind of need
that so if you could not bury it that'd
be great oh no I was just kidding
oh oh you know what that grant that
ground is usually cooler we are
officially in a no service area so if
you happen to find this footage on this
camera and it's attached to maybe a
couple of skeletons or Adoni then
something went wrong you got water
you better have a massive pee after this
that's good still you Jake at all oh my
god okay we need a little bit for us -
how about that squirrel up there you see
this girl up there I think he was up
there
oh no not come on up here
go there caravan another rock to climb I
found this cool rock to sit on Oh karma
come here you can actually just walk
right here cover like come on up king of
the rock a karma claimed at first oh you
did yeah I'm totally not gonna lie but I
just peed behind that tree
are you allowed to pee in the mountains
it's illegal
oh I mean I did I think he behind the
tree
what who's they we've tried a lot of
different restaurants here in Idlewild
because they all have like really cool
stuff but um we are going to try cafe
aroma for dinner which actually one of
our subscribers even suggested and it's
actually one that we haven't tried yet
and they have a patio so karma can sit
on the patio with us look it's like this
little building so cute
they have no no but here's a Casey
Abrams mochi Alfredo oh if you guys
don't know Casey Abrams actually from
Idlewild so they have like shrines to
him everywhere yes yummy they can't
spread so that's a plus
yeah I'm straight in the oil
is it good
what's the oil tastes like is it weird I
think I got enough of it that's very
brave of you to try the oil we're not
sure what kind of bread they brought us
but Karma's gonna try even try bleah
what do you think he approves I love it
when they bring food to other tables
around it looks so good
I'm trying this stuff called Bundaberg
it's a ginger beer kind of like a root
beer but I know actually I don't even
know if I like ginger I don't know why
or this I'm just trying to be adventurer
oh it's very gingery
but it's good cuz yeah it's right I'm
not going oh it is I think it's
carbonated but yeah that's interesting
it's from Australia so cool so we got a
little appetizer no I'm just kidding
it's actually a dog you can ki said
something around a bris chef Scottie
biscotti yeah it's like freshly may be
good for karma well not for Dharma
phorid for dogs yeah it's not gonna
break so I'm just gonna give you the
whole thing here okay my service it stay
stay
we got be good was really good yeah I
think there's Parmesan cheese and bacon
and shut up boy yeah I think he's hard
as a rock I could not break it oh yeah
he's a happy dog now he's so fancy he's
eating biscotti does bowtie on looks
really good so they taste homemade Dom
really mm-hmm Wow
I got this penne Aryabhata and it's got
a red chile reduction with shrimp all
that sauce is really good I know look at
the plates are steaming that did not
last long
it's so good can't try the chicken I
wish we don't make it like that when we
milk Alfredo you know mm-hmm did you
have a good dinner boy I'm so tired
I didn't tell his eyes
falling asleep hopefully on the way home
gonna be a windy long way home so I'm
hoping that I don't see this again just
outside waiting for Miss because she's
in the bathroom but look at this
catch the aroma ether actually is only a
few places left here that we have it Ian
at and I'd a while because we come here
quite frequently just cuz it's a cool
little mountain town it's cool to take
like a day trip and just go shop in and
grab something to eat and then at home
halfway down the mountain feeling good I
actually feel like I'm gonna hurl oh
really
yeah but we're gonna do this is a really
cool spot here and if you don't know
actually I do I sound funny cuz I know
it's my c75 in that vlog that I'll link
below of the Idlewild mug before we
start daily vlogging this is actually
where we did the spot where like Missy
turns toward the camera walk walks back
so it's really really yeah Brian how to
go pee again
and there's no bathroom so he had to go
once again in the woods this is the best
spot to yeah we one time we are driving
up here we both really really had to go
it was like emergency
Joey wait we both day go I was like the
perfect turnout is to turn out and then
it's got this huge bus that you could
like walk into you know it's privacy
yeah but is so much better that's like I
guess that's like our spot like our
pretty spot and that's our peace spot
now yeah so we are getting ready for bed
but showed Karma he's exhausted I showed
him how to snuggle in my little pillow
now he loves it on garma is so tired
he's just so exhausted he is he want to
get up mom boy he's like resting his
head on your back
cute Oh also so I was testing out
because a lot of people keep suggesting
different things for the YouTube
livestream yeah and I actually figured
out that we can actually do a hangout on
the air and it will livestream to
youtube and show up in your sub boxes
and then actually publish it to our
YouTube page later so I think we're
going to do that and I was testing out
with Cassie over FaceTime and I saw like
a ton of people kept joining so if you
are one of the people that joined the
livestream on accident yesterday I think
there was like 20 viewers by the time I
well I gotta edit I was like I'll grab
em I just keeps coming at it and I was
just rying to test it out but if you're
one of those people comment below and
let me know umm what it was like because
I know like you can leave comments and I
can read them and um the quality was
really really nice and it was super easy
and I love that it posts it right to
your guys sub boxes too yeah so that was
awesome so I think that's probably what
we're gonna end up doing and I think
we're gonna do next Saturday at what
time because maybe we need to do like
two-hour time and be like two hours
later your time just think twelve
o'clock our time whatever time it is for
you would you like it an hour before
hour after you know that I'm thinking
like maybe okay so the time is TVD but
we're doing it next Saturday
and time is TBD I'll figure something
out well make an announcement I'll let
you guys know for sure okay but I'm
super excited to do that
he's like kick passed out while you were
talking
Oh what if you guys were doing
Idlewild is a mountain town with hippies
and Christians and art all around there
politics have gone to the dogs
a golden retriever has bought City Hall
he's max the mayor of Idlewild a nine
wisdom is his style scratch his head for
a doggie smile he's max the mayor of
Idlewild
you
come on Carmen you can do it come on
come on go boy not that bad yeah yeah
it's nice and cool not too
