oh boy sorry it's broke his arm Missy
she just I'm so afraid of doing now with
our real hit okay I'm gonna go
oh yeah
having avoided good morning hi oh she's
been sleeping for like a long time it's
just look it was crazy hair going on
what are you gonna do what you gonna do
and of course I'm still trying to figure
out the whole Drobo situation and and
the vlog so that's gonna be late
so if yesterday you were like what is it
lock that up
that's why figuring it out but now
Bailey's up so it's kind of hard to get
anything done huh you just want to
explore in our rooms not baby-proof yet
not baby-proof yet let me just go back
to bed oh just go back to bed
stand up good girl she's getting so good
at walking look at her come here easy oh
well she now she looks like she's drunk
get your drink on what get your drink on
what get your drink on what getting
faded it's like oh man you driving I'm I
can drive that not me
not looking at me I'm gonna try and get
it come out of her nose a proud tough
crowd
this is dumbest mark man she's so
impatient to get food that she refuses
to come inside wait you had to get free
food yeah this guy's driving a unicycle
that's so cool so we came all the way to
the mall because Missy is craving
dog on a stick but now she's on a phone
like always my little business woman
over there and I realize I'm totally
rockin the jeans and flip-flops Oh Cali
style did it
that's all I'll look up the email
I'm making myself this so crime is
saying how I'm really craving my dogs
but I think I just figured out that I'm
just keeping food like everything I look
at like oh I want that yeah oh yeah come
on I want that that's loads so good I
want that
well and I want like a lot of it too I'm
hoping that maybe by eating that will
solve that for because I'm gonna be
happy and I express right now and that
looks amazing
it's convenient cuz they have yeah good
and Charlie's go son yeah you want go
you can go like yeah so but everything
looks so good I'm like getting hungry at
hungry is a symptom of pregnancy I don't
know like oh I think hundreds of
symptoms because I've been a guy getting
on really every two hours like ffe
but now that there's someone's food
around me I just want to get food from
every little place so that I can like
have it all look at this you guys he's
got fans from jack-in-the-box stashed in
her purse to eat with her hot dog on a
snake I like dance with it and they
don't have they don't serve bridge
oh they don't branch oh maybe is it
weird that I like France with no I like
French more dogs hey I just want you the
reason why like I just wouldn't go to
Jackman bucks to get ranch and then go
get corndogs and separate places
really like dr. brand this baby is
driving you crazy
wait and mustard a little bit okay you
just mix ranch and mustard you don't do
that huh that's weird
that's a weird pregnancy thing you just
did
yes that's like your first weird
pregnancy thing I did the only day to it
I thought I was delicious yeah like this
is the Lich it kind of looks like a
hunter's jacket the orange is too orange
so we what we haven't discovered it but
we just ran into the Old Navy kids
section and our kid is definitely gonna
be an old Navy kid he's gonna let him go
here it is here's a little boy okay
obviously he's gonna have Oliver's head
but come on guys it's Oliver oh sorry
it's broke his arm Missy she just I'm so
afraid of doing that with our real kid
can we baby register here you can put
that on my registry oh yeah got all
these cool shirts so he has to be at
least a year and a half before he starts
wearing v-necks from Old Navy like his
daddy but look at it they don't have
this color for me Missy this is almost
like an olive green well it's a little
lighter than an all green but I can
totally see Oliver wearing that this
would be perfect for all yeah look it I
see it's a puppy dog which you love and
in a boat that's so cool
look at these years Missy went kind of
crazy in the candy section as we were
leaving Old Navy no it's so good
they put it it's called our grace Helbig
calls it the danger bin you have to walk
by all those bins that have all the
stuff but wait you're going to check out
and apparently Missy's craving candy we
found a photo booth we're gonna set this
right here hey Carter poop already gonna
do get started rappin down button you
highlight a photo styles then
when you leave Washington bucket
Oh close watch it's over three smile
right here's my word okay now we're
gonna do something really do your
monthlies okay - what Oh crapola looking
up and now we're gonna do like a lamping
like Tim's cuss word all right good oh
we get four okay let's do the look fake
laughing I was looking in the mall I
know you were good uploading online
I like we got three copies and we can
enter the code and watch our video you
want to get in the phone Missy
you need a couple drinks four hits I got
one yeah really make going on me okay
what do you ask for Oh
make your wish
they threw it in the fountain that's
where it goes in the fountain okay all
right I wish what do you think I'm
wishing for leave it in the comments
oh thanks for what I think it is
actually house okay
where'd it go okay some people throw
quarters Missy worksheet I bet you get
better wishes for so okay so we just
wanted two packages outside our door all
right both for you
yeah they say Missy laning what I don't
remember ordering anything you are to me
something I didn't that's it
oh did I order something okay so it
turns out the buses that just came here
were actually gifts from subscribers so
thank you guys so much we received from
Veronica we haven't we didn't even like
make your registry public yeah oh um but
thank you guys um so we actually
received a gift from Veronica and this
is something I picked up as mommy's big
guy and got whales on it so cute and
then here are some receiver blankets of
course whales and ocean e-type stuff
perfect I hope I can swallow them in
these you think they're big enough to
swaddle yeah probably but that was from
Veronica we're not sure where that's
from
yeah whatever lady to Europe yeah yeah I
think wow that's so cool okay and then
we also got another gift same time um
from isadora in Florida and it's my
whale blanket which we're thinking is
actually going to be his blanket for his
crib so that's really cool part of his
bedding has come in so that's really
cool thank you guys so much mrs. cranky
if you are so I've ordered her to take a
nap we're going to a baseball game later
and I wanted to have fun image you want
plenty I'm Grace Lee are you sure about
that it is throwback Thursday or for you
guys flashback Friday so I want to share
some stuff with you so I just cleaned up
our refrigerator a little bit because we
always have like a ton of magnets and
pictures and stuff from trips and places
we've been to so I thought be cool like
throwback Thursday for you guys here is
the whole thing it's like covered we
always make it a point to grab like a
sticker or a magnet
wherever we are so we can put it on our
mini-fridge so we got little Bailey in
there who looks adorable
you picture and then I just put up our
little film strip there and that was
from our horrific trip to New York
that's when we went cave exploring and
Idaho our trip to the price is right
we got our names and a magnet that was
when I visited Boise last year I know
we're from Boise or like we lived there
but I had to get a postcard and my mom
got me this cool frog there's a little
wolf
from when we went to Ottawa for my
birthday that was in January and then we
have a San Diego it's a cool plethora of
oh this is a fortune that I got from
where was this at babe Knott's Berry
Farms and I don't think it was a very
good fortune is is tuk tuk or it talks
about how I'm nature stepchild I'm
always getting in trouble and stuff but
I thought it was cool because it was
like the same fortune-teller from the
movie big did I miss mine oh I missed
one Oh from nuts I should put that with
my fortune lately my sunglasses haven't
been sitting very well so I wanted to
steal Brian's but you know what I don't
steal his unless he completely forgets
about his sunglasses which he did and so
if it wasn't for me they wouldn't even
be in the car right now
so I think I think I get to wear them
pop rocks a little pop rocks
yeah oh my god laughter right a lot
we're like kids just like a 90 thing
leaked everywhere I'm sorry Glee I
haven't used that term in a long time I
used to do it all the time in high
school all things in attendance give a
coupon good for some ice cream it
baskin-robbins so bad for the person in
that suit
my finger
you guys see this totally about to fall
asleep right now
Oh Oh he didn't swing again interests
interesting people are yelling it I've
just swing the bat
and I'm bored little smile she's got
this is Coraline this is Carmen's little
baby - exactly
you guys thought I'll put a link down to
the picture that Missy did a Carmen's
belly we're feeling her name it was
really cool
oh yeah with a one huh still zero to
zero I could run a baseball game and
Missy ordered a milkshake
I can't believe you got one to like she
had to work for that out to lay a half
hour is it good so we are back from the
baseball game now and we just took
showers I'm getting ready for bed but
Missy was showing me something earlier
on her Beller all right I think we found
one possibly a stretch but first stretch
marker it looks like it doesn't it yeah
look at her belly button though like
it's getting so it's so tight and like
hard and like flat it's starting to look
like a pregnant belly button yeah you
got water in there yeah
but right now it's cute yeah turn on it
I think it's always been cute
I can't imagine what it's going like
when it pops out though hey no it's
gonna be so weird I did want to give you
guys an update on the giveaway we are
going through all the entries and trees
all five days combined I think there
were like 2700 entries to our last
giveaway which was crazy so we're going
through all of those and we are going to
randomly choose someone that will be the
winner hopefully we can announce that in
tomorrow's vlog so if you entered the
giveaway don't miss tomorrow's vlog
because we may be saying your name
that'd be pretty cool anyway I hope you
enjoyed today's vlog we are getting
ready for bed we will be seeing you guys
tomorrow
