it's all like mossy and old-looking I'm
so excited I feel like I'm four years
old okay
having avoided good-morning bumpers it
is a beautiful day here in Southern
California
um Oh check out this this is cool
cuz I got it not a kid on the back of
that bike and who anyway that's me who's
something shiny I'm on my way to bring
me see some lunch
she is craving some soup so I'm gonna
stop by barons market get some soup cuz
they have some really really great fresh
soups all morning I was on the phone
with a buddy of mine who lives in Idaho
he studied music at Boise State
University the same college that I
actually studied photography at and I
was talking to him and you know he had
just sort of released like a new single
for him and his side project and this
person almost just hit me and then oh I
feel really bad for her because her
husband was like freaking out road rage
it's not funny
unless someone tells a joke while
they're flipping you off that it could
be funny and he is an awesome songwriter
we were throwing around the idea of
actually making a song just for our
little Oliver James and to basically
have it play for our baby reveal video
because you know one of the final videos
that we're going to have on this journey
of you know bringing Oliver into the
world is going to be a baby reveal video
where Missy and I are going to talk
about it our journey a little and we're
going to show you
him not for the first time because I'm
sure you guys will have seen him in our
daily vlog channel but hopefully for the
first time on Missy's channel and we are
throwing around the idea of him making a
song just for Oliver James to play
during that and he was totally down he's
like yeah how long do I have and I was
like maybe three months and he's like
down I'm totally down if there was so
many awesome soups
I got Missy chicken noodle and then I
got like a white chicken chili and they
even had like a salad bar it was a
really good place to get a lunch stuff
so I'm excited now the goal is to keep
the soup in the cup on the way to
Missy's work because I would prefer it
if I don't have to eat it up off the
ground but it's really good so I
probably would still probably not okay
guys we are just getting ready to leave
for Hollywood I am trading my precious
iPad for storage it sounds geeky but we
need it look at this this is the drive
that has all our vlogs on it 33
megabytes available if you're not a geek
like me then you know that that is not a
lot okay so we're finally on our way we
want it to leave at two and it is almost
three
that's just how it is when you have a
pregnant wife we're on our way to
Hollywood which
it's like another long drive but looks
like this one she won't be it to walk
pointy but will say freeways are just
not fun and I'm not a good car person
like my ears is so clogged up I can't
hear anything
I just realized that we're gonna be
slightly near medieval times I've never
been have you been yeah yeah I've never
been and I've always wanted to go for
like I wanted to go for like five years
now you were actually really close when
we were at our on our honeymoon and we
were this close to going and we did it
go why didn't we go because we didn't
want to I have heard so Missy's looking
it up to see if we could even make it if
that would be a possibility that would
be so sick I would love to go see
medieval times we made it about to go
under the sign Hollywood I'll take it up
on Sunset Boulevard
OOP oof and I will say I have to pee so
effing bad
how about you how's your pregnant
bladder doing yeah it's not good I can't
believe you ever thrown up I know I
don't
and my back hurts and so uncomfortable
you got some cheese that wine it is
crazy down here you guys hey there's no
ice cafe let's watch Museum we're just
trying to find a place to park which is
probably not going to be very successful
because there's like an event or
something going down in here of course
when we go down to downtown Hollywood
there's like an event going on I doubt
there's famous people there yeah
famous people don't hang out on
Hollywood Boulevard okay so we I got the
Drobo everything was fine and they were
like a perfectly fine but they live like
in the heart of Hollywood like what is
that that's Caesar Palace right there
right there Caesar Palace right there
nobody's home
we can't go over there because there's
no parking so we're parked right there
outside this donut shop where I just had
to purchase a donut so then we can say
you're from Madrid Mellon will a donut
shop in Hollywood
that's true we've had bad experiences at
donut shops I quite work like where we
were walking in front of them and people
asking us if we want to buy crystal
that's how bad it is down here Gary
it's just scary and there's so many
people that's like it's way too many
people so we're trying to just sit here
and collect our thoughts and we just got
tickets to go see medieval times which
I'm so excited about but that's a long
drive away so oh I feel like Moses walk
is gonna be in the car there's the
Hollywood sign sort of
I am zoomed in I guess we got to see the
Hollywood side on Hollywood towers if I
can get it there it is by receiving we
do not do good and big things like
traffic is moving so slow and this just
happened out of gas so I think how funny
would it be if we ran out of gas right
here I'm a Hollywood Freeway it would
not be funny at all it would not be
funny at all and I would officially be
never coming back to Hollywood okay we
have gas but still no restroom no one
has a restroom it's ridiculous we're
here look at it it's all cool again cool
again like cool looking it's all like
mossy and old looking I'm so excited I
feel like I'm four years old I can't
believe we're here let's see I've been
wondering this for five years and we are
finally doing it so we are cheering for
the yellow
and we are headed to our section right
now oh my gosh this seat
this is so cool I'm freaking out Oh
we shall often wondered as our ignites
on magnificent horses from the Western
liar
come the champions or cassia someday
your eyes
he struck
three my
Oh
he just looks like a jerk
okay I am vote for him that's the king
you guys
I
they're beating us to victory
haha dang I wench your company's other
way I give you arrested serious power
rings keen or you're hungry to the
looper for flights
I just fly around
Oh
Oh goose bumps right now Missy
we will thank you oh man
they're good
kind of messy
Oh
anyone
oh crap
who's gonna be the cool
and it chooses
Oh
that was awesome seriously I had
goosebumps like when they hurt when they
were battling and stuff but not only did
Missy get tickets for like 25 bucks a
pop but our night one like that's crazy
and so cool all right so our day of
driving it's pretty much over all
looking at the camera I totally scratch
I dropped it off the medieval times
place totally scratch the crap out we
were in the car for like a total of
eight hours today this is hard to make
the bad with Mitzi's pillow oh my god
I'm sure I do have my drew bow so I'm
pretty excited I'm gonna be up all night
figuring this thing out and getting it
set up with everything that I have there
is four little crew got an ocean side on
the pier
and I'm going to add whom to all of our
other magnets see you later thanks for
watching hey yeah we're gonna go to bed
that's what that's what that means I
always I always vlog till I drop I'm not
even kidding
till you drop alright we will see you
guys tomorrow
closer and try not to get fit he is so
freaking scary looking oh my God look at
him looking at me is it gonna be
go yeah see how close we get look at him
turn his head like don't look at me
don't look at me get closer
Oh
