so for the next two weeks in our daily
vlogs we're going to be doing something
that's really cool every daily vlog
starting with this one you guys are
going to comment below and you're gonna
dare us to do things they can be funny
things let them do it
keep your very stuff they can be gross
things yeah it could be humiliating
things things in public
all these people that many yours
actually only has more do it three two
one Oh smooth it is oh okay nine holy
moly okay I got it
no you do need it about oh yeah
movie got full banana fight I'm going go
ha oh no oh hey there you got in my
mouth this is insane come on my eyebrows
are threading butactually knock-back oh
my legs are washed and now my makeup is
dizzle so supple okay here is this one
oh really that bad
oh my gosh yeah but hey alright guys I
hope you like the dare compilation I put
together it has been a crazy fun two
weeks and all that was you guys giving
us amazing dares you guys gave us so
much more like we just don't even
actually have time to do them all but
they were all so perfect a lot of people
are telling us to continue with the
dares keep doing the dares but honestly
we need a break from that as fun as they
were it was just oh man it was just a
crazy a crazy crazy two weeks but I will
say that we will definitely be doing
weeks in the future where we'll do like
a week of dares at a time or something
to that matter I really want to know
your guys's opinion in the comment let
us know how maybe we should do that
maybe we do it like a couple weeks out
of the year we take dance from you guys
we want our daily channel to hold
memories for this amazing time in our
life right now and we want you two guys
to be a part of it so if you guys want
to give us suggestions about how we can
more interact with you guys
we want to do the dare thing we want to
do like maybe a Q&A in the future just
so you guys can get to know us a little
better and we can you know respond to
your guys's comments maybe we can do a
section every once in a while where we
just respond to comments I mean that
would be cool I love you guys for
subscribing and liking and commenting on
all our videos you know even if we don't
get a chance to respond I just
appreciate it so much and yeah look
forward to some really awesome things in
the future leave your comments below
about what you think we should do and
keep watching thanks guys
you
