any kind of magic can give me what you
want no you can't the rule in Harry
Potter is you can't make things just
appear they come from somewhere else so
if you summon water that water is coming
from somewhere else can't make things
just appear out of nothing
physics okay
oh yeah
having a birthday hey guys so I am
getting ready for work but I wanted to
show you really quick my cute little
baby bump um it seriously has gotten so
big I'm really excited because yesterday
I think you guys saw we bought my very
first maternity pants so that is
actually what I'm wearing which is
actually quite comfortable it's actually
quite comfortable um so and then look
how cute this baby bump is again it's
just getting so big and so was that baby
baby getting so big right is just waking
up yeah so he'll be up soon holy crap
you guys I just felt my very first
earthquake that was crazy I was just
sitting up in bed I was literally about
to get put my feet on the ground and I
felt it and I heard like creaking and
then I put my feet on the ground and I
felt it and I was like ever since we
moved to California we've had a few
earthquakes but I I never feel it and I
never know like what everyone's talking
about but now I know what everyone's
talking about and I felt it and it was
so cool but also kind of scary at the
same time that like the ground is moving
and shaking and trying to tear down
things it was still really cool if any
of you live in Southern California let
me know if you felt it you're watching
this the next day so if you felt
anything yesterday morning that was
really cool
hey guys how's it goin so um I just
realized that I haven't like talked to
you guys with this class in like a while
but I did want to tell you guys if you
have not seen our Harlem shake video it
went up with this vlog so if you're
watching this it's up what do you do and
go watch it
well actually finish this vlog and then
go watch it or you can go into the
description and right click and say open
a new tab and then watch the Harlem
shake and then come back to this file
and finish it because you don't wanna
miss out what's going on in our lives
right I mean that's why you stopped
right right right right so I'm kind of
obnoxious today I also did want to tell
you guys if you find that I'm looking
little scruffy it's cuz I'm going for it
I'm gonna I'm gonna try and see what
happens
what is that March so guess you can call
it like mustache March I'm not going to
mustache though I just want to see what
happens because I haven't grown it all
out in a while so my face is probably
gonna look dirty
like a dirty little hobo okay so I just
got in the car and I'm no sunglasses I'm
too lazy to go back in so sucks cuz it's
sunny because we live in California and
it's sunny here all the time there's
also like a helicopter like right above
me can you see it can you see it it's
probably not there anymore but there was
one I promise
check it out guys got subscriber mail
woohoo first thing that we've ever
actually found in our Peele box so
that's kind of exciting
alright so Missy just text me and I
guess that she's gonna be at work a lot
later today because it's actually an
hour and a half after she supposed to be
off and she's still not here so I'm
actually going through old dare footage
from the dares we've been doing in the
past two weeks and I'm putting together
something really really cool for you
guys um that I think will be like a lot
of fun to watch you look like an
explorer get your boots and these here
maternity Yance cool you see we got a
package yes I did you want to open it
sure are there okay so we got a package
from Aaron from Tennessee she actually
won one of my giveaways and she's just
like the sweetest girl ever so we're
gonna go ahead open it what do you think
it is I think a baby clothes that'd be
cool
saw the little baby suit at Target and
just had to get them like father like
son
oh my gosh
wait these are v-necks I was like like
me that is so my gosh that is so cool
monkeys wind everything oh my gosh that
is so cool I thought I thought I said
bathing suits and bodysuit Obama was so
cool it's not like perfect it's gonna be
just like his daddy we just need one
rocking the V huh
we're gonna have to find you a matching
oh yeah we can totally find me a
matching like blue and white stripes
this is so your color to you until ooh I
know
wow that is so perfect I was so looking
for like a v-neck I couldn't find
anything I'm not so cool oh my gosh
thank you and that's so cool
awesome and this is adorable too yeah
monkeys just feed even yeah oh man q
thank you so much Aaron these are
adorable that is just too well oh yeah
we need to go find this shirt now yeah
so cool okay so I just pulled out an
eyelash and I let it fall and Missy said
I was wasting a wish I do he didn't make
a wish like he's supposed to like make a
wish and blow it up you know I never
heard of that oh okay well the problem
is is that I have all these signs okay I
was stepping out of the house and I saw
one of those little what are those
little dandelion things that are
the fluffy one yeah well yeah well
anyways I saw one and I stepped on it I
was like my gosh why did I just step on
that that was a wish I could have picked
it up and wished it I was like I was
really obsess on it and then I looked
down and as I was walking I saw a stick
that looked exactly like a wand and I
stepped on it and broke it and I was
like what am i doing and then probably
just pulled out an eyelash and he just
threw it away
hit the his wish that's three wishes
right there that I just wasted
I feel really silly
wait what else having to step on a stick
that looks like a wand have to do with
wishes no can't like like ones can't
they wish they grant you anything
no what's genies Brian would know I mean
he is obsessed with Harry Potter yeah
you don't make wishes on a wand I was
thinking that that any any kind of magic
can give you what you want no you can't
the rule in Harry Potter is you can't
make things just appear they come from
somewhere so if you summon water that
water is coming from somewhere else
can't make things just appear out of
nothing
physics so we're at Ross right now and
we're looking at these rods that they
have available
they're basically mine they're shaggy
and they're the size I want which was
like us I want a more closer to the 8 by
10 but this is a 7 by 9 or right SM yeah
for the fishes corner pretty seen close
yeah for like the baby's corner and it's
got my color which I wanted more like a
shaggy sandy sandy color and it's like
$75 I think I might get it
I'm really excited or not I'm feeling
really good about this
I've never I never feel good about
making decisions when it comes to like
this you feel good about it because
we've been looking at carpets and at
like places like Walmart and some people
they're like 300 ollars they're really
expensive normally like I can't I was
thinking I was gonna literally have to
go buy a piece of carpet and like but
this is a really nice rug ah I got it I
got an obviously if it didn't look like
I can always take it back what do you
think I really like it yeah house smells
do you wash around okay Oh does smell
smells like chemicals no but we've
always maybe carpet clean it I don't
know yeah Holies go away or just air it
out yes which and we agreed on them
which is very very rare yeah we do not
agree when it comes to Brian's clothing
this is so funny
are you gonna hit something
we just made our first baby purchase or
our first big baby purchase I'm like
nursery purchase yeah I'm like so
excited I'm kind of nervous too why fine
yeah I just I don't like spending like
big money even though it's $95 it's like
a great deal for basically exactly what
I've been looking for yeah that's I mean
I think that's good and I'm always I'm
always happy when I find a deal I don't
like to spend a lot of money but still
just it's like a big moment for me right
now I feel like it is like the big
moment what yeah this way this way Tom
looks great yeah I guess sighs - I think
so watch out for the spider over there
really it's a lot bigger than I thought
yeah it's cool and we were kind of doing
like a beachy theme right so it's like
nice sand color okay oh hi kama oh I
don't think he's seen me all day where
have you been where have you been karma
all right so we just got it in the
corner where it's gonna be and we just
threw everything on top of it um that
was there before but there's gonna be
baby stuff here amazing how like this
rug just brightens up the room so much
more like especially just that corner
and it's kind of cool to see you know
like the separation like this is like
our room over there and that's sort of
like the baby spot so it puts it into
perspective you know check out my new
kicks they're really nice actually I
really like I'm I was looking at myself
in the mirror I was looking at my shoes
and I was like I'm wearing a lot of
great today I'm just a great kind of
person I guess but these are really cool
I really like them finally some nice
shoes we have this Cup in our house it
says plastic cup and it is the most
annoying cup ever listen to that you
guys
can you hear that this like I'll like
drink something and I'll set it down on
my desk and then I'll just sit here and
I'll be like what is that sound it's the
cop it gets like air trapped in between
this clear thing on the cop and it like
pushes it up do you hear that so
annoying what was so funny missing no
idea is there gonna be bloopers in the
introduction of a Q&A I don't know it's
like that was so it was like literally
one sentence and I was hysterically
laughing crying we just tried to shoot a
video of Missy just introducing her mom
and get questions so she wants to do a
Q&A with her and she was just it's just
a mess she couldn't even say one word
without cracking up I mean I think that
means our Coon is gonna be a lot of fun
yeah I think so really bad I couldn't
get control are you in crying I have
been laughing crying you still look
pretty good thank you
it was like it was I was like a
hysterical cry but it was a laugh it was
weird like it was the way I why I have
no I I don't know this cuz I was nervous
or because I was nervous for my mom oh
there's my mom so I do laugh when I'm
nervous or I'm scared but like seriously
like I could not stop like it was like a
hysterical laugh cry like I was like
like that
Missy made spice cake and she even cut
it into little sections because the
serving is 112 and men want only one
serving and if she doesn't
ally i servings shit I've got to
probably do without no frosting huh yeah
I'm gonna just do a little butter on it
uh yeah I came out did butter you might
as well put frosting on half looks so
good Missy look at this look at this
macro macro the spice cake alright guys
so I'm chilling on a new carpet and like
hello I'm spying on you I'm zooming in
so close to you I'm zooming it you look
so cute it takes too long but I was just
telling Missy we shot a video for her
and her mom to do a Q&A like a mom Q&A
on her other channel but I thought we
have a lot of new subscribers onto this
channel and maybe it'd be a really good
time to do a Q&A on this channel so if
you guys have any questions for Missy
night I know we get a lot of questions
like in the comments all the time but if
you want some questions may be answered
publicly or something that you've just
wondered it could be a question about
anything just yea about our about our
relationship or a past or anything like
that leave a question in the comments
below and then we will respond and do a
little Q&A for you guys because I mean
you guys watch us everyday
so you guys should probably know a
little bit about us I will have you know
there's a lot more than meets the eye
and tomorrow I'm putting up something
really cool because today was sort of
like the end of the days you can still
vote until the 13th for Missy's mom vlog
in the circle of moms challenge so look
for the link in the description and
maybe do that one last time maybe like
two more times you might be able to fit
two more times in there it's every 24
hours but tomorrow I'm going to put up a
really cool video sort of about the past
two weeks and all the dares and stuff
and there's going to be a little bit of
announcement basically just to wrap it
up I need your guys's help and your
ideas so be sure to watch that extra
video tomorrow that's going up with the
vlog because it's going to be really
funny and I'm hoping you guys give us
some cool ideas but anyway it's getting
late I'm gonna hang out with Missy
tomorrow because she's got some errands
to run for work and I'm probably gonna
be up on my editing cuz that's just my
life now so thank you for watching and
we will see you tomorrow bye alright so
we are starting the Harlem
doing a thing over here I don't know
what she's doing but she's gonna be
dancing like the beginning of the Harlem
shake and then everyone's like that ago
so easy it's gonna be like really really
cool so we're expecting a few more
people to get here and okay so we are
Harlem shaking now
