don't wanna do i oh my god I actually
didn't do that dad really well I mean
the lipsticks a little crazy I mean the
eyes in the the make I mean you
definitely look weird okay I'm gonna get
good
they're having a boy's day good morning
guys so today is Friday which absolutely
love Fridays because I get to have them
off and they're just a really nice
relaxing day I've been feeling a lot
better today definitely haven't had any
issues and like I said I do feel pretty
confident that I do think especially
from reading a lot of comments to that
it was my bladder feeling because I
remember I I had drank a lot of water
and so my bladder must have been filling
and making my uterus tighter because it
was pushing it up that's what I think it
is and obviously I've just been keeping
a really good eye on it so I'm almost
sure that was it yesterday was just a
really hard day actually after we um
we're getting ready for bed our I was
just so exhausted my back hurts so bad
I'm so like discouraged by our bed I
just I was so everything just felt like
it was always already like a stressful
day and I had I took my pills and I got
extremely nauseous I ended up throwing
up and yeah yeah it was just a really
bad night and so I'm definitely wanting
a better night's sleep tonight so I'm
like determined to get me a nice pillow
and something comfortable so that I can
sleep oh yeah it's rainin hello Brian's
home no your home yeah well they didn't
know I was out you're wearing my jacket
yeah it's the only thing that's so rainy
and they wanted something that was like
really warm and toasty he's like me I
tensed do you like that game ye 1900 CJ
don't call him D ye you use what we used
to call me couldn't pronounce his name
see ya
and he used to call himself yi so we
call him he yi he started calling me
midnight
so I'm actually actually a minute on CJ
yeah
and hopefully Bailey will start calling
me mid-may I put him on Facebook today
how I was really uncomfortable in bed
and stuff and so um I was asking for
people that Siri she's very rude she
would she interrupted it's very annoying
anyways I told Facebook like some of my
friends that I was looking for some kind
of privacy pillow something a little bit
cheaper because those pillows are
expensive I had a friend actually send
me a picture of her pillow and she
actually is gonna gift it to us just
because she's super nice so we are going
to go pick it up and I'm so excited
because it looks so comfortable it looks
like exactly what I want because I'm
just really having like major back and
hip pain need something for leg and back
support and I'm so looking forward to
sleeping tonight like I seriously can't
wait to put a bed check out this pillow
we just scored guys it's like a huge
sleeper pillow for Missy and she just
goes right in here and basically just
replaces me so this is the no clothes or
touchy feely pillow right like get off
me I'm trying to sleep pillow I want to
get a lot of cards but I guess I need an
ie I can't find my
you need ID you're 23 your mother like
I'm 17
wait this look like I'm 17 seriously
because you can buy lottery cards at 18
okay you just come get me a car yes I
with though so I'm scratching the
lottery cards right now and I we have an
8 on here and I just scratched an 8 so
we're going to find out what my prizes
and yes I pulled this out of the back
there was like a little like a table to
bottom look at this mess it's gross and
it gets all over me but this was what is
this like a top of a lid yeah so I'm
using a lid to do this so okay I'm gonna
try and really excited forever we want
and happy a dollar ok ready ready
Oh ticket we always want a ticket I
didn't want anything else but look at
this this is exactly why I use a lid oh
hey guys we left you in the car not that
you guys really noticed so I just open
this bag of noodles so that I can make
noodles and look what I found look at
this okay here we go
hang on it's just like two noodles
swooped into one it kinda you know yeah
oh wait it's also stuck together with
this second noodle do you mean like
there's actually like four noodles here
but they're all stuck together at the
top they really mess this one up
they weren't even trying yeah laundry
bomb went off it's laundry day so is
this our last load nice you are
fantastic I have what you already have a
nice little hey do you really have dirty
clothes there's already a pile you're
seriously the grace she does all this of
course I always switch it over from the
washer to the dryer cuz I don't want to
like bend down or anything like that
she's just so cool like the greatest
wife ever who would have known Missy for
years ago you be doing laundry come on
that was kind of like what right when I
was you should weren't very domesticated
you know what I mean well I felt I very
much believed in equal rights and equal
rights meant that I did all the cooking
cleaning and laundry for the longest
time well I worked a full-time job and I
am yeah we could go back and forth all
day huh but now I think it's a lot more
equal that I literally cannot fold with
one hands usually she fold I edit it
weird though once we have a baby
like it's gonna be hard to figure out
our roles what do you mean like being
out like what's equal oh yeah
like if I'm gonna be feeding the baby
because I'm nursing she's gonna say it
hey don't say it I see what's there you
would clean up after ah
diapers just say diapers you a diaper
ah yeah I agree that's 100 percent equal
I would just rather breastfeed the baby
just gonna throw that out there check
this out you guys this is like a perfect
example of mine and Missy's
personalities right here this is my
drawer okay I have shorts
I have corduroys I have pants I have
like sleeping shorts and pants and other
shorts right so it's kind of like me and
organized and then Missy's drawer is
literally just like a hash Kosh B'gosh
yeah this is like I just put these here
these folded things yeah they're not
going to stay in college yeah well looks
good
yeah and that okay Bri how you like it
okay like it's kind of crazy too because
Keith folds his underwear which i think
is kind of weird okay but my underwear
isn't like dainty and like yours I have
real underwear I know that it's bigger
and it we probably get tumbled and stuff
what do you mean my underwear is bigger
well it's obviously bigger than mine I
actually don't know if that's a
compliment or if you're like trashing me
what do you think now well this will
definitely stop you from Kate he's a
thing where he likes to roll on to me
what his arms are like on top of my face
and I am constantly in telling him space
back off give me room this is definitely
a good barrier all right try it out jump
in it to get in from this side okay this
is really nice really you like it yeah I
do like it a lot it's like I won't
won't go over and this is nice having a
little lift on my for my hips yeah you
actually really comfortable yeah I might
still at when you leave oh my gosh this
is so nice I was actually worried it was
gonna be too big too I thought it was
gonna come over here but I mean it's
half the bed thank you so much Brenda
this is amazing
yeah she loves it I'm so happy I'll let
you know how I sleep no I'll be on my
shoot in time so you do face up to
things cuz he hates us on your door at
Missy's cousin's house and their house
has the perfect spot to do like the
entrance from that one movie what's it
called
tell them what's that movie called away
slides on the floor risky business with
Tom Cruise well yeah like we need slides
on the floor like anything I'm gonna do
it but obviously not in my underwear try
again try again huh big do it one more
dive that was cool
Karen's gonna try it that was really
good that was actually really good
that was awesome
okay guys so like I said we're at
Missy's cousin's house this is terilyn
what up cheese um and so for for today's
there um we got to go big because we
didn't do it yesterday so if you watched
yesterday's logs you know that but for
yesterday hmm you didn't vote for Missy
you didn't hope not for me Missy she's
standing right there yeah I did it but
today we're gonna do something that has
been widely widely requested probably by
like over 50 people we've had probably
over 50 comments of people wanting to do
the blindfolded makeup challenge on me
so Missy's going to do my makeup she's
gonna be blindfolded I'm gonna look like
to mention that if your shadow doesn't
show up it's because there was just so
many yeah I'll try and put all the
comments on the screen right here
everyone see your comment
you guys are awesome thank you for
commenting thank you for voting good
dares good idea we're gonna do it here
we go um yeah bad time for a bomb by
Machine every day is a good day to want
your bangs I've seen fashion looks good
officially can I see how my fingers are
mahalia three whoa how do you know that
did you know each other
I'm actually on board now she's just try
us off there's one else I was going to
say - it is your breath right next to me
okay is it ten ago yes I'm beginning to
go really nervous when I can't see
anything
I what are you doing I feel you're
moving on why is your face not like in
anxiety time it's really ever did you
got anywhere outside I know I put the
makeup in your mind but not me - I see
yeah I uh your face oh good I'm sure
you're fine you know I'm beautiful
flawless cover oh my gosh I had to hear
it all hand with this one
just relax
your cycle baby okay everything is such
like no smell because I'm really heard
about smells like like healing we'll
make sure it's well eyelashes are your
eye rather looking fierce definitely
blush so this is Carolyn by the way her
twitter handle is in the description so
follow she's funny she says funny things
I'm really not that funny you're pretty
funny actually I love a lot she likes
you to tweet about cats
so that's funny yeah you're obsessed
with cats tailless ones to be exact
where are you okay salut this way there
you go
oh there you got myself moving sunrise
and you're liked it is so weird to see
him look like a cake face are you just
playing pleasure I bring me freakin face
okay getting it on my eye oh my god it's
like Kate oh my god okay all right now
now the eye shadow won't really stick
let me do like a smokey eye definitely
is motive it sure felt like amazing yeah
what if you were like a savant beauty
artist and you didn't know you can only
work like whole day can you make me look
like Halle Berry or something
blue green tan red brown orange brown
brown brown there's a lot of Browns I'm
hearing that's Oh purple great
ooh teal some phantom mixtures okay
color love really go you shut up you
kind of remind me of the Hunger Games
people okay really doing yeah it's
actually got a cool hardline and I've
actually they're pretty good luckily my
oh we are eyes closed
Missy I swear you okay so Missy just
finished my makeup probably look pretty
bangin so I just wanted to say that I
mean I obviously know I kind of messed
up with a certain things but I don't
expect it to be terrible what do you
think it looks like taralin like The
Hunger Games I look like someone from
The Hunger Games it must be that eye
shadow then a Hunger Games poser I don't
wanna do I oh my god I actually didn't
do that bad really
well I mean the lipsticks a little crazy
I mean the eyes in the make I mean you
definitely look weird but all see the
eyes closed them I mean dang
okay that that was bad like Benny
through the lips okay here's the lips
yeah so great but I mean this far as
foundation and everyone it was a little
low I want to go see what I look like oh
my gosh Missy really this is insane
Missy come on but what is with this
split is this lipstick or like it's like
lipstick / gloss I look like a clown
look at my skin it looks like oh nothing
why you do it to make your skin look all
good I just now understood the concept
of makeup
my eyebrows are threatened my legs are
waxed and now my makeup is dizzle so
okay so I'm trying to take all this off
and it's literally not working I don't
know how you girls do this but I can't
even handle it upon my face like -
freaking me out just like it feels like
I can you take it off but anyway I just
want to remind you guys Missy is still
in the running for the top 25 mile
blocks you can go in the description
click the link and then click the little
heart on her page you have to sign up
for anything but it just lets us know
that you love what we're doing and for
her to keep doing it that would be
amazing and to be recognized you know in
that list of top 25 moms I think that
would be sick and you guys are awesome
you guys are keeping her there I think
she's at like number 14 so that's like
crazy thank you guys for doing that
leave in the comments some really cool -
for us to do it's Saturday oh I did want
to mention too that um we're getting a
lot of questions now in the comments um
just about like little things about our
life if you are like you've been
watching from the beginning and you know
the answer feel free to answer everybody
because we really can't like answer
everyone's questions it would just be a
little daunting but we love people who
ask some questions and give us given us
comments and anything so for all you
Boyle bumpers out there if you're going
through the comments and someone asks a
question and you know it just feel free
to answer we don't mind if you answer
questions for us as long as you know the
information I guess but that's all we
wanted to say so thank you guys so much
for watching and we will see you
tomorrow I'm so pretty
so to drink and our day with us please
like I do our break waters oh wait did
you just like to sweat like your tongue
slips windows because it's opening it
easy to like actually go up yeah we're
just gonna tender yeah
