I'm sorry I can't let it go are you
throwing that around it's so heavy
how about heavy oh my god okay it's
gonna fall your head okay
oh yeah
they're having a board made so the name
reveal video just went live and if you
guys were ever curious about what it's
like when we release a video like this
this is basically it I mean all day
Missy actually she doesn't like to turn
her email notifications off she wants to
be notified every single time she gets a
comment or subscribers and she can
always read them and this is all we hear
all day when the gender-reveal video
went up and we were having the party we
had to throw all our phones and iPads in
the room because they were making so
much noise and it was so distracting
this is so cool like do you hear this
this is Missy's email going crazy my
football is going crazy
I can't imagine Missy at work right now
with her iPad and iPhone um fine short
while I'm brushing my teeth Missy
actually got like a new toothbrush and
toothpaste holder right um cuz she wants
me more organized but she still refuses
to put the lid back on she just I don't
know why she doesn't like the lid on the
toothpaste but she never will put it on
it's just it's so weird to me all right
guys I'm headed to go get my hair cut
don't worry I'm not shaving it off
though I can imagine that one day I
actually might I might just shave it all
off and and try something it was to have
like long shaggy hair and it I I had
that for a really long time and it was
really hard for me to adjust and go to
something a lot shorter but I did and so
I imagine I'll adjust again somewhere
else but I'm just headed to go get it
cut probably do a little bit shorter
than I do
usually just because I waited way too
long this time
I don't like getting my hair cut every
two weeks it's annoying
look at this lizard you guys you see him
try get closer oh oh it goes alright
guys just got back from my haircut I
think she did it a little differently
it's actually like a little I don't know
little shorter I don't know um but cool
thing I was checking up on the general
video
which I just made live not even two
hours ago there's actually more likes in
almost more comments and they're his
views uh-huh so that's really really
cool
everyone is just loving it and loving
the name all over that we chose and we
just love that name and I've watched the
video you know just ten times today so
that was really exciting getting to show
that off I'm listening to this song
right now and it's called Oliver James
right and Wow
someone commented and they were like
just so you know Fleet Foxes has a not a
name or a song named Oliver James and I
hope you find it fitting for your son
and I'm listening to it and I'm reading
the lyrics um when I'm actually on my
way to I'm dropping Missy off some lunch
so I can't wait to share this with her
but I'm reading the lyrics and the way
I'm interpreting is kind of like an
allusion to Moses and this couple find a
baby in a cradle down the river who
needs a home and they bring him home and
she's washing his face off and she's
remembering that she once sort of had
this love and this couple you know they
were going to have a baby and they lost
him and then a baby just washed along in
the river like Moses dead and they found
him and cleaned him and brought him home
as their own and I thought this is crazy
like I don't know why it I don't know
why I'm I feel very stupid because I'm
crying
in front of the camera but this is so
amazing look who I got hey we're headed
home now and I told her that there's
something I need to show her when we get
home always on the phone and she she has
to talk hands-free so she has to put it
on speakerphone and like set it down and
so annoying but look at her go
look at her talk this is what she does
best you guys she talks she's like stop
giving me the listen but yeah you're so
white Missy I know yeah Kathy doesn't do
anything her belly look at her belly
button and like yeah and I just wait
forever baby you felt a little Oliver
you're no longer - baby you're not a
baby anymore you're feeling little stuff
I don't know if it's you laughing or if
it's it I'm feeling like little stuff
but it's not big I don't know if it's
big enough for you to feel oh oh being a
little dick you up there look at me
that's it she hits and throws things
she's me
this is how Brian looks at me because
he's too lazy I'm too lazy instagrams
a camera to look at me he's gonna a
cystogram that no I'm gonna use
Amuro looks really good Mayfair looks
good right he always chooses Walden
I just don't know no I think I like to
do black and white every now and then
yeah I definitely like willow Brian just
showed me the song that Oliver James
song which is so cool that there's a
song that's like Oliver James we had no
idea and but it also just has like the
coolest meaning and so that's like
really sweet I definitely would love to
have that as one of our songs that we
play during the birth I know he's really
good with music and he's really good
with like knowing the meaning of songs
and I'm not like very I don't have the
words intuitive to those things I'm kind
of Pat it like I'm not good at reading
into things like you can't hint to me
something you have to flat out just say
it but um he's but he that's like his
thing like he loves like music obviously
and he can always find like those hidden
meetings so of course he had to like
kind of explain it to me but it's just
like a really cool song and that's just
really awesome that we named him a song
that has such meaning or named him
something that has a song with so much
meaning that that like we seem to have
like a connection to it I'm so bummed
because well not bummed but I was at
work when the video went live and so me
my coworker were sitting I was actually
training and my coworker sitting next to
my phone and she starts hearing a Copas
she's like is that your phone I was like
oh yeah but I really wanted to like read
the comments as they were coming in and
now there's just like so many comments
and I tell her yeah I just had a video
gosh yeah I was like I was like yeah I
just announced the name and she's like
oh really I was like yeah so my phone's
just kind of going crazy
and she was like okay and so my phone
was just like going absolutely crazy for
like two hours I couldn't like I
couldn't do anything so I was just
working in that video I'm just I'm so
happy with how it turned out people are
starting to say that it's their favorite
which is a pretty hard next to that
gender-reveal video I love that one too
it was always Oliver I know if you can
see that well I think we're gonna do
something on the top yeah we're gonna do
a whole new scene with it we wanted to
leave Oliver James up there for today
but we might actually put all over James
on it but just like Anna yeah and better
way quiet clean up the chalkboard
yes it's had those names on there for a
long time that's probably why they're
not coming I know like Liam and Noah is
just like I'm still not how did I hurt
your boob look at all these cars lots
gonna show them go ahead part this is a
lazy park when you're lazy and you just
want to park you just pull it up Brian
just realize say that we are doing Veda
also good Sam for video every day April
video every day may video every day June
every video every day July I don't know
how long it's gonna last but most how
long are we gonna do it for me I'd like
to do it for a while at least until
you know I definitely want to catch
those that year for Europe all over his
life yeah I think so that puts out us
about two years yeah what do you guys
think how long should we do daily vlogs
for Shaytards sitter for this is five
years yeah and they're stopping
yeah CTFxC they're on their fourth year
I think they're on their fifth year too
and they're like never stopping probably
yeah yeah I don't know I mean I have no
problem with that we really we seem to
really enjoy it it's kind of like oh the
shade dogs have like six kids now yeah
that's probably a little harder for the
hell yeah for sure who knows how many
kids we're gonna have in five years yeah
I mean it I think it becomes starts
becoming a habit like you almost can't
stop like not vlogging would be weird
let me in what I can't hear you
hi guys are really hard to unlock in
Amaka
yeah I made a gas station run we got hot
dogs lottery tickets and I got you a
drink
yay I don't know if you guys have an PM
where your app they pretty much have the
best hot dogs ever they're so good they
like and so my sister got me hooked on
these cheeseburgers even which is really
weird it sounds weird but it looks so
gross they have so much but it's so
weird I don't know it's like a guilty
pleasure it is it but it and also like
they give you such sad burps after it's
so good you have the the hot dog burps
you basically taste your hot dog all day
whenever we do lottery tickets I like to
get pennies that have my date of birth
on them but I never can find them like
like not date of birth but like you know
1989 that's the year I was born I Brian
just picked this one up
it has 1989 I don't know if you could
totally random yeah so I hope this is
our lucky pity and our lucky um lottery
ticket so turns out that Katie wasn't
looking at all
they gave you all these cool hands like
all this cool stuff and I like flushes
and it's all for nothing
look at guys it's the size of our baby
this is a Getty squash is family mom go
bunny that's it all right
I mean look at this rolling around baby
exactly doubt just the thought of you
having something this big inside of you
is freaking me out living
thing this big yes why is it called
spaghetti squash oh because the inside
is like spaghetti ish and they are
actually people use the inside a
spaghetti like that Oh instead of
noodles oh it's very stringy like I
believe that you have that inside you
like wanting to break out like super
weak
so it's fine sister's birthday and this
is us trying to pick a card I literally
go through every single one it's so
annoying tomorrow and maybe we can just
say happy birthday on here that would be
the best birthday happy birthday sister
it's actually your birthday when you're
watching this so I love you I miss you
happy birthday you're getting old you're
28 you're almost 30
you should just show her all the funny
cards that you want together I don't
have to buy one he'd be like I really
like this one great news from the world
of science they discovered a hidden
chamber in the food pyramid and it's
full of cake and ice cream love Brian
happy birthday I know but hey I'm we're
home now as you can see this is our
house I don't know what I'm doing
honestly I'm just waiting for Miss Lee
to get ready to film our bump date but
kind of hungry
Lucy why don't you just dunk your head
in the sink like I do I guess I just
don't want to get it that way you're not
redneck enough like me I just want to
get it
no I was walking this way down the
hallway
why all right you have a white shirt
miss you just wear it I only have this
white shirt and I don't want to wear
them I like that shirt
Missy's trying to find clothes she
basically has one every single one of
her shirts and a bump date and she
doesn't know what to do knock on my pen
hey can you let go that'd be great
congratulations I'm not throwing it for
you oh by the way uh this is what we're
doing with this window opportunity thing
we really need to get a board we won't
go when people get aboard so it's not
like peeking ugly yeah yeah you can
actually see in back oh my god today you
know what I was telling them about how
you refused to put the cap on the
toothpaste Oh blame yourself you want to
do it right and the thing is that I go
to bed early and you lower that after me
so really it could only be open for like
an hour if you put it on when you went
to bed
bTW also this has been a five year long
conversation what the toothbrush thing
yeah yeah well you think you would just
let it go I'm sorry I can't let it go
are you throwing around it's so heavy
it's not that heavy oh my god it's gonna
fall your head yeah it's pretty heavy
yeah it's like it's like at least two
pounds Oh actually yeah cuz it was a
dollar nine out of ten of those four
bucks on finance I'm really good with
pounds
you weigh two or seven all right
somewhere around there
guess how much I weigh one full third
one plain hey don't ask you the question
guys don't answer your girl asks you how
much they weigh you don't answer or just
stick with the hundred pound hundred
pounds if you ever wonder how we come up
with the final shot this is how Brian
does it I got it yeah seriously close
his eyes imagine what was beat and then
he was like I got it hey man I gotta
wait a minute I'm working out fine
details and I got it okay let's do it so
I was just about to put these in the
pocket on the side of the chair and
there is a banana in there obviously
that's from Missy's last bump date when
the baby was the size of a banana and
now we have a very soft banana just
sittin in there leave that for Missy for
later mr. schmear hello mr. snail look
at this little guy he is just chugging
along
he's probably out jogging right now this
is probably his his like morning his
night jog you guys don't know it is
throwback Thursday for us and flashback
Friday for you so we're gonna go ahead
and do a little throwback Thursday for
you our flashback Friday for you I'm
going to show you a gift that I received
for my best friend Kelsey she was
actually my maid of honor at our wedding
and she had this little heart that holds
pictures on it and on it says Melissa
and Brian I don't know if you can really
tell this is Melissa and Brian oh wait
oh wait oh wait so basically our
anniversary and then it shows our little
baby pictures so this is Brian when he
was a baby and on the other side on the
other side that's me maybe I was three
years old I seem to be holding up three
fingers do you think I've changed it all
yeah
I'm not wearing a v-neck so that's
something my mom said I actually used to
wear that baseball tee like all the time
and that funny she also said I had this
like tool belt it was like a like a
kid's tool belt and I used to have
plastic tools in it and I always used to
like wear that too with my little
baseball shirt or an Osbourne ball but
also blog and it seems that I think
Bryan you were born blind yeah I had
blonde hair - yeah our baby may have
blue eyes a blond hair yeah okay so
we've just erased our board I think I
want to do something like that like from
the name reveal he'll sleep with one
little hair yeah he might be gold that
is a possibility
very good possibilities gonna be bold
I'm happy too we're all happy finished
it up and it's a little bit different
but I just put our whole family on there
there's me and Missy and little Ollie
and there's karma - I just okay right
there peeking up
hey so cute yeah
it's gonna be our little family in a few
months
okay I know I keep saying this that I'm
going to make the chalkboards to give
away but I swear for real this time
tomorrow I'm gonna be cutting this big
thing up and we're gonna be mounting it
in the two frames that we have and we're
gonna start the giveaway nice wear
anything though
there we go four gates super-busy dim I
know tomorrow no I'm making it a
priority tomorrow so so make sure you
guys watch tomorrow's video that is the
one that is going to have all the
giveaway information that we're going to
run for you guys and I'm going to add
this blog Hey gonna be a long night for
me but I'm prepared I'm prepared oh yeah
I'll be doing that I hit all right we're
leaving good coffee
I just can't I just love I just love it
it's our little family you guys
and you guys get to watch us every day
you get to watch us get to that get to
that point right there and maybe even a
couple more maybe like one more actually
I think I only want one if I ever want
to piss off Missy I just say that I only
want one kid this is it
that's him in our belly and your belly
that's all we get nice all right thank
you guys for watching we will see you
tomorrow you can go in the description
and watch the name reveal again and then
like maybe share it maybe share it with
your friends have them check it out
pretty cool
you're weird you keep calling you weird
you feared I think you're aware all
right say goodbye bye you're weird
I'm in love with master look at this
like this is like home right here I know
you know what if I can name mashed
potatoes another word
hi in
you
oh hey
