I love my potatoes so here we're weird
okay I'm gonna get a party
Oh
they're having a birthday hey guys so I
am actually just now leaving work I am
coming to miscues Missy's rescue with
food so yeah she is actually hanging out
at the park with the kids again because
she's watching them it seems like it may
seem like we're running a daycare but
we're really not our friends actually
have just been needing us a lot more
than usual to watch the kids but I will
tell you guys we finished the name
revealed last night and it is insane oh
wait a minute if you're watching this
then it's up have you watched it what
are you doing if you haven't watched it
go watch it seriously okay right now is
a really good time
pause the video go to the link in the
description it will make it the first
link and go watch it so you know what
we're naming our son because you're
going to get some spoilers today if you
don't watch that so that's really really
exciting it was so much fun to do it was
so much fun to edit and it happened a
lot easier than I thought it was going
to be so go check out the name reveal we
have named our son hmm okay um so if my
my eyes look red or water anything it's
cuz I was watching today's Shaytards and
they had he was talking about how one
year ago they had lost our dog and they
have these really cool links where you
can click to see exactly from one year
ago the vlog and I don't know why I
watched it but I could tun it and
watched it and I'm like watching them
put down the dog and like talking about
it and I just like I know where it came
from I just the waterworks just started
filling up what I've done today
um but yesterday I want to show you guys
since you guys all know the name I
wanted to show you the letters that we
received from Cory in Idaho that she
actually made for Oliver's nursery Wow
okay so that is the first time I've ever
used his name like on the vlog Oliver
actually I've said his name Oliver and I
bleeped it out and that was the whole
name slip vlog but I'm like telling you
guys his name is Oliver and you you like
I'm not leaving it out his name's Oliver
his name is Oliver James you guys like
that's our son's name
it free every time I watched that part
in the video or Missy and I leaned over
and we write his name and we both say
Oliver at the same time it's the first
time we've ever said it together
so it like it's so it's like so special
to me like already so here is the oh she
did such a good job on these I'm so
stoked to put these up l I actually
almost showed you guys this one
yesterday but then I was like oh wait
but then all the other names would have
to have eyes in them and they don't so
you would have known that it was Oliver
um there's the I love this one with the
cell boats the V II the starfish olive
if we end up having a girl like it's a
total fluke which I doubt it is because
I mean come on he's my son we could
totally name her olive I feel like there
was a cartoon character named olive was
that um Popeye Popeye the sailorman was
his wife named olive olive oil yeah
that's right it's got little sea shells
so this is his name altogether look at
this you guys how amazing is this like
I'm so in love with his name I'm so in
love with this I just I love the colors
I love the shapes the designs I love
they're on white and they're going to
totally accent this white baseboard that
we put on for his nursery and actually
the scene I are probably going to put it
up today because we're very impatient we
were talking about how I shared the name
and how we were when we were gonna
release it the video tomorrow for you
guys a tour today when you're watching
this and miss you or Cassie was like I
hadn't even seen it she hasn't even seen
the video you guys watched it probably
like three dozen times I'm not even
kidding
driving to the hospital in labor and my
mom got the name Missy from the novel
love
constantly by Janette look all of her in
Norse the name Oliver means affectionate
we loved him before he was even that
buddy thank you I love that I still like
I get like a little teary-eyed every
time we say his name together where did
you what talk would you use oh we used
this big one we when we made the
gender-reveal video we actually bought a
full chalkboard to make ax it's this big
piece of chalk board it wasn't that that
we only use like a portion of it but
what we're going to do now is we're
actually using that same chalkboard and
we're going to make a little chalkboard
for his nursery and then we're also
going to make a little chalkboard to
give away to all our viewers I know I
guess I didn't know that we talked about
getting them a chalkboard a giveaway but
it's actually the same chalkboard we did
that video on what funny words can we
make out of this liver huh liver we can
liver we can make his name bhai hmm yeah
it's a fun game huh yep you're really
good at it too let me watch you play oh
dude you're so good at this
what's your high score you probably beat
Missy's high score this is her iPad wow
you did you jumped up killer fish yeah
No
you see look at this mega stop they've
smoked stuff wrong right you can have
mega stuff when you do the regular ones
and you go touch Natalie buddy yeah I
get regular mega stuff cuz Missy doesn't
like the cream and so I usually put like
three cream into one that's awesome
that's funny
they're like vanilla not very good I
know who likes vanilla look at this you
guys
pork and textured vegetable protein
added yum yummy hey mom can I have a
pork and textured vegetable protein
career Oh Ruby and cheese I'm really
craving a burrito
how many collars yes 600 800 750 725
oh they're not lost oh the crawfish
may be crazy if they sold a whole bag of
lobster I know I was like there's no way
there's like a huge bag I know
well my would you like crawfish do the
commentary circle oh yeah I don't think
I would it's not like a river crawfish
let us know in the comments how is
Mellie isn't it like a river fish like
it was always in the canals yeah we
lived in Idaho they were like in the
dirty canals so they always just seemed
like dirty to me goodbye if you're ever
looking for mashed potatoes in a grocery
store
they're probably in ancient foods so
maybe I literally don't look at there's
canned meat and Asian food and I don't
see either that in this section I love
potatoes oh yeah you're weird
I'm in love with mashed potato look at
this like this is like home right here I
know you know what if I can make mashed
potatoes than I would Brian
why
yeah that checker is only so funny to us
like every time I talk to her she always
like talk stopping yes she's always so
hyper and happy and she like she was
like counting bags she's like one two oh
and baby that makes three coz of mrs.
Bell oh I'm making one of my favorite
foods tonight pot stickers and what I do
I I just buy these pagoda pot stickers
and then I steal them in the microwave
and I can fry them with a little bit of
soy sauce and general sauce so they get
nice and crispy in the pan and I'm
burning the crap out of them right now
so that's nice oh now this is like one
of my favorite foods of all time
basically anything covered in general
sauce yeah Missy came here and grabbed a
couple cups and I was like wait no you
got to get all the dishes to take to the
kitchen right boom how many we got one
two three four five six six cups and a
bowl and a spoon and not all this is
mine yeah that Cup in the bowl is mine
there's more Missy I had one cup well
that's you got his six strips in the
middle of the night to get water so I
know that Brian spilled the beans about
the baby's name which I know obviously
is the beat I know but obviously it was
on my channel um but yeah I'm just so
excited that now we can say his name is
Oliver so hopefully I won't really want
to get his name up on the wall because
I'm really excited about that so
hopefully I can convince Brian to do it
yeah the letters yeah let's do it okay
yeah okay so you have the first few
letters up which is so fun Ivor
either
are you there isn't that like Boni there
oh yeah actually it's kind of a cool
name I heard are you there
Iver where am I going baby um I think
that's fine you're really bad with
lettuce tells me yeah that's fine wait
actually looks a little higher we did it
Oliver his name is up there now it's
probably not exactly Center and not
perfect but we're not stressing about it
it's just his name it's up there it's
amazing and what if his name was liver
whatever those are this buddy
how many more decoration type things you
want on this wall I would like to have
like a shelf and a shelf
oh yeah look nice and I don't know if we
could do some kind of starfish something
on the side and like that dude I don't
want to be too cluttered but folks good
bail all right guys so although we
already know the name I'm gonna go ahead
and her tradition I guess erases the
final names I guess I will not hold the
suspense to long Liana just really won't
come off I mean he really wanted to stay
on here so it was not Atlee which I will
say Brian was a huge fan of this one he
wanted Allie I really wanted a really
bad Holly James but
I could not get over the fact that it
sound like an atlas so this is the thing
he wanted a unique name but that seemed
too neat for me so I liked it and I'm
not saying I hate it but it just it just
wasn't it but no I I would say that it
was actually probably between Oliver
Noah do you think yeah it was definitely
Noah James was one of the first like set
of names that we were very comfortable
with yeah really wanted and but it just
didn't make the cut in the end I pay the
other thing with that I need
make a really cute honeys names not come
off I wanted to make a cute nickname out
of it and I just could not think of what
it was was it no no II I just couldn't
do it I could not figure out a cute
nickname I'm really big about nicknames
and so I just it just didn't feel right
and in the end it was Oliver it was
always all over that's his name and I
just loved his nickname which is Ollie
karma are you happy you know can tell
them that you have a little brother
named Oliver bald
that's all I care about oh oh oh oh well
oh oh oh I got ring up there
oh oh oh whoa hey I just saw the picture
you post your W guys on the scooter and
I was like oh it's like noon there and I
didn't know you had stuff and I just
FaceTime view
I'm calling Cambodia right now hi I'm
Cambodia so we decided trying FaceTime
imagine you're on our vlog Curtis look
I'm going out the beard for you you're
my inspiration
sissy hates me alright guys so I'm gonna
end the vlog now I'm glad everyone
really loves the new epic comment
Thursday I'm really like excited about
that to do that every ever epic comment
Wednesday
I said Thursday I just do it sometimes
so I'm just like I'm really excited
about that but we got a lot of really
great feedback on today's vlog
yesterday's vlog it's so confusing
because like we are a day behind your
day it's just weird it's like it makes
our brain hurt yeah in the future yeah
I keep thinking there in the future they
are in the future
it is like the future right yes cuz
they're watching this small they're
watching this right now so you guys know
everything I tweeted about what food I'm
eating what I'm doing
true oh my gosh weird when we were doing
it I added I went and I erased the the
due date August 2013 I wrote we love you
already because I was suddenly thinking
he might be watching this you know in
like 10 years
and have it like I think I just thought
that'd be really cool ten years Charlie
twenty years ten years old you can watch
a video at ten years old - oh yeah
definitely I'm just saying it'll mean so
much more at 20 years old yeah so um I
threw that in there but um yeah I
haven't made it live yet right here but
it is live because you are watching I
think so weird
yeah like I hope they're not supposed to
know today I'm hoping everyone likes it
maybe people might like it probably
getting a lot of hate comments so yeah
cuz everyone hates the name which okay
Missy's tired baby's tired he's done it
tired he is kicking so much yeah it's so
cool thank you guys for watching we will
see you tomorrow bye
I do use burb so while we were getting
ready to sign with being a marvel
Ellen Instagram a picture of a belly
painting says send us a her send her a
creative belly drawing pinky
type of thing to win tickets to be
mercy-killed so we tore this little
