look at Karma big brother super he's
like more more please okay
and having avoided who I found it's a
brown egg this is actually from I think
the dairy when we went to the children
when you grabbed a pack of brown eggs so
I'm just going to make my egg in a
basket or whatever you guys call it was
pretty cool actually when I did that I
got so many comments of what people
actually call it in their house so it
was really cool I'm gonna be making
these and these actually these eggs we
used to only eat these eggs cuz in Idaho
my mom raises chickens and so she gets
brown eggs and she used to just give us
a bunch because she had way too many and
I think they're a lot better I think
they're they have more flavor and you
kind of know where they're coming from
they're not like bleached on the outside
to be like the perfect egg the guys I
put the piece of bread back in the
middle so it's almost like it's now like
an egg in a hole with a rock in front of
it like Jesus it's like I I made like a
Jesus cave hmm
hi this is running late again usual you
know triangle I'm never really late you
always say you're running like that is a
I'm gonna find on time and I'm not as on
schedule as I want to be and oh my god
you're huge
it's seriously so weird like it's almost
like waking up and then there being like
a belly because you I don't know if you
just like you don't notice it it's just
like lately I'm so big drinking out of a
mason jar like a baller
how those new wait what do you mean you
don't know I really don't know
oh you look like a goddess ultrasound
pictures in my purse oh really I just
pulled out like mmm like wanna see my
baby found these in the bottom of our
freezer they seem to have once resembled
a pizza
and so third and what we have it's a new
wave of ananka and I'm gonna see what
happens
know if that really counts as a pizza
Bell also Missy left cookie do you see
did you know you saw cookie down here
mmm and safe for me to because it's
pasteurized that's a special ball this
one what does one have a this one this
one's here
hey the gate is the one on the far left
see here doesn't fit anymore give it a
little belly Pete we get a little belly
Pete - I was like oh my gosh
I used to be like long like actually it
wasn't that long but like it went down
no it's like sticking out and
embarrassing uh as I say do you think
that the beard is getting a little crazy
not yeah it is I need one of those
things tell me if they have them it's
like um four beers and you can set them
at a certain level so that I can like
shave all over this and it will look
make it look like day 14 or something
like that you know what I mean like a
certain length so lately I realized that
I I've been like really warning
a lot like I just really like
sweethearts and so we started eating
these like a ton and I do have to say
that I only like blue so Brian gets all
the blue ones so if a pack only has two
blue ones she will eat all the blue ones
and that's all yeah
um so I only got two tickets all days I
get the not only one so it's kind of
interesting now I'm not usually a candy
person I didn't not like candy uh oh
you actually like hate when we eat candy
because it makes our breath smell OH
what I don't like candy
I don't like sugar that much I like
chocolate but I don't even like like
very many chocolate candy bars but
lately I wanted like a chocolate candy
bar and I'm I'm the kind of person like
like for instance with the Olive Garden
I ate it one day and then I want it like
the next day and the next day and the
next day that's called addiction maybe
so we just got our very first package
from England
you guys England what city in England
um Shire more Shire more oh wait Shire
more Newcastle Oh
Shire more New Castle England is that a
city I don't know we're really bad at
this and actually we were um we had our
mailing address on the YouTube videos
but it wasn't formatted and Missy's like
you should probably format it because
people like in the UK don't normally
send packages to the US and they don't
know how to how it's done so it's really
funny because they put like every like
on a new line which is fine because they
figured that out but I never even
thought about that like if I were to
send a package to England I would have
no idea how to format the address and
look at look at you guys Royal Mail it
might be coming from the Queen we don't
know or from Prince Harry he likes a
party in the u.s. oh my god oh man
Lincoln you guys know what Missy likes
monkeys oh my god I love the color green
- good job good job yeah it's from the
Harvey family oh thank you Harvey family
graduations on little boy landing here
is all here's a little
something saw and thought of you I hope
you get some use out of it living in
England I forget that some people may
not need blankets as much we need
blankets don't worry I have a little 16
month-old girl who loves dogs and loves
to watch karma especially climbing trees
oh she has a black Labrador called Milo
but he is a lot not naughty er than
Carmack I don't know if that's possible
yeah comes pretty naughty so good we
love your vlogs and hope you know you
now have friends all around the world
who support you thank you and enjoy your
pregnancy Missy and take it easy can't
wait to find out the name of your little
fella
my guess is Noah and take care love the
Harvey family that's seriously so cool
to think like like I woke up with a
letter today from Austria people saying
they watch this in Austria and I was
like that's so insane that there's
people around the world who watch us
yeah like that's just so awesome to know
that we have your guys's support and
this is like just a class look at this
it's so soft right now their blankets
are always so soft it's from England
Emma see this blankets from England
smells like England no it should smell
like tea so my belly button is starting
to like come out like this part right
here it is you like that's there's like
a hardware right here trying to like pop
itself up so good so hard
mm-hmm
yeah I feel it like that can we pop it
out if we just oh my god that's gonna
look like it's so close Missy I know I
don't think it's seriously like about
the pop 21 weeks oh I mean I don't know
how long it will officially take to sail
I guess it's off yeah okay so we are
here getting gas and I just realized we
got pump number eight agent lucky number
we always find eight Missy guess watch
pump number where we're at eight I got
you sweet tarts yeah you too and I know
there's probably only a couple blues
yeah I was gonna show them I'm gonna
actually get from this huge package I
think it really is very random blue must
be like the best color right yeah that's
all for you seriously got four out of
too bad I don't like orange one oh you
wanna pull one out yeah okay
I'm not looking okay
hold out your hand you looked mmm your
teat are you always cheese yeah oh okay
okay so tell me which one that is this
is not sweet ah suiza blue
well what color do you think it was mine
it was a blue one that didn't taste how
your other blue ones I was like closing
my eyes while I ate one oh I guess you
could have okay so miss Issa Missy
really thinks that she can tell the
flavors you do it the right way this is
this one open your mouth all right yeah
it's red easy do it again
throwing them in front of our house okay
close your eyes
this is this one open great I know okay
guys so Missy and I are going to film
our name reveal video now but um we did
get another letter from Catherine Thank
You Catherine for watching and you know
praying for the baby and hoping
everything goes okay you're awesome
thank you for taking the time out to do
that cuz that's seriously so cool just
opening a letter from you guys I have in
front of me a very cool package so this
package karma likes it this is smell
good boy this package is actually from a
viewer who lives in Idaho and she
approached us like was like a month ago
and she mentioned that she makes baby
names like the letters that hang in
nurseries for the baby names so as soon
as we figured out a name she wanted us
to tell her so that she can actually
make a set for us which was just really
really cool she was like super super
nice of her to offer to do that so as
soon as we found out the name we told
her so there's actually one viewer her
nose good name but she just sent us the
letters and we are gonna look at him
Thank You Cory garland in Idaho for
doing that for us it was just so cool
and I can't wait to hang him up in the
nursery so we already kind of told her
like what our theme was in the
and stuff like that so having some
trouble there as usual
says Brian and Missy and baby wait is
anyone there
yeah Lucy Oh Brian Missy I hope you love
these letters for your baby boy
it was a real pleasure to paint them for
you all thank you for sharing your
journey with the world I love and enjoy
watching your vlogs every day the dog
treats our homemade white chocolate
bones for mr. karma oh so cool what's
next for you PS Brian don't eat the dog
treats through the window baby
oh she also sent him a little outfit I
actually think I was looking at this one
it's Carter's I love it and look it
anchors on it uh-huh
you got it sighs guys karma aka Big
Brother ah hmm
you wanna try one boy good good boy wow
you guys are just awesome that's so cool
look at Karma big brother he's like more
more please every letter is wrapped in
like an individual colored paper oh my
gosh is the first letter yeah that's so
cool
cute hey Cathy's face they're just so
well done the UM she just did such a
good job really did a good job like
matching our theme matching our like
colors and stuff like that these are
seriously amazing just amazing to just
get to like see his name like right here
it's just so like real I can't I like
I'm like itching to get these on the
wall but we can't until we announce it
but it's just amazing getting to and
they're just a they're perfect big
they're absolutely perfect this is like
the first decorations for the nursery
mm-hmm and so we now we know like even
what colors we can throw to like accent
in things so yeah thank you so much Cory
that these
like amazing and like it's just so cool
like I don't does she have a business or
something if she had been description
check it out because this is seriously
so cool
yeah just very much us very just pretty
and simple and perfect and it's just
awesome so I'm totally bummed because a
couple days ago Missy and I actually
like wrote out what we were going to say
for our name reveal video and it was
like really nice it took took us like a
couple hours to do right and I had it
all in my computer and so I just went on
it because we are about to do the video
and it's gone like the whole thing is
gone and just so bummed because like
obviously it was like a first draft but
it was like such a really good outline
of what we really wanted to say is now
I'm sitting here redoing it all and
trying to make it perfect because we are
definitely filming it tonight we just we
want to get it done tonight we just
can't wait to show you guys karma keeps
begging for more treats it just wants
more he loves them no Brian's a little
upset that it said that oh that he did
time mom I'm not Ryan
 but she out of the winky face
so I think that means if you really want
to try it you can tell it's good try the
chocolate part not the non like the bone
part
that's a quite honor so while we were
getting ready to film the name Orville
Ellen instagrammed a picture of a belly
painted and said to send us a or send
her a creative belly drawing painting
type of thing to win tickets to the
Mother's Day show so we came up with
this little idea because they announced
well they announced finding Dory today
which is like huge and Ellen loves it so
right now we're doing finding baby and
I'm just coloring it in making sure
everything's non-toxic of course but
something that will get our attention
yeah I'm really excited okay so here is
the finished product on the virus
finding baby August 2013 and so actually
here's the picture instagramming that
right now I'm so excited I think it
looks really good I think that with such
short notice and like trying to pull out
something really quick I'm hoping it
will like kind of grab her attention you
know like because she's obsessed with
finding Nemo and finding Dory obviously
just announced today so might have just
been like hopefully the right the right
thing for her tit to catch fry but we'll
see oh that really hurts right there
oh all right let's get to it mama I'm no
race one that we haven't run a huge
amount of people who said it but someone
made a statement because it sounds like
a famous actress and her last name would
sound really weird next oh yeah so I
were racing Dakota which is a boy's name
and a girl's name but Dakota Lanning we
sounds a lot like Dakota Fanning so okay
it's not Garret five names oh man this
one that I'm about to erase is actually
a pretty popular one I'm gonna say I
wanted it so badly it is not the up Oh
Liam laning Liam Landing Liam Liam Liam
lately I don't know ma'am yeah so in the
end it just wasn't the right name okay
so we actually have you guys on a tripod
cop karma doesn't like it when I talk to
you guys that's just it yay okay so I
have you guys set up on the tripod right
now because we're gonna do something a
little different it is hump day
Wednesday so we wanted to do something
really cool where we can sort of like
interact with you guys a little more so
from now on every Wednesday that you
guys watch us on the vlogs we're gonna
go through some of your comments and
read a few so Maisie and I have a couple
that we're gonna read out loud and
respond just so like you guys have an
opportunity to like hear us like I guess
I like because sometimes I like to go
through the vlogs and I like to like
respond to a few comments but I can
obviously I can't do that like all the
time uh but I think it's even cooler
good for them to feel like we're
interact yeah I like face to face like
we want to interact with you guys
because you're awesome and I think like
I'm saying face to face but really I
mean like face to camera screen I guess
your face is right there technically
every Wednesday we're going to do a new
thing and I'm gonna call it a day I
could comment it one way and if there's
like a cool effect on that then good job
right but I'll try
okay so this one actually just happened
and I thought it was a perfect way to
explain something that actually really
bothers me crystal said why have Bryan
Lanning as his name on your phone or on
your phone not hubby or anything okay so
basically she's referring to yesterday's
in the other days vlog I had answered
the phone and it says Bryan Lanning as
his name instead of hubby or love or
something like that right the reason is
is because one we share context yeah we
share context so like whenever I add a
contact in my end of my phone it
automatically go to Missy's so we're
never like scrambling to see like oh
well whose phone is that in yeah oh AC
no it actually does bother me though cuz
I used to have like like fried guy with
a heart in this you know all this Ryan
guy did you see any some bright guys
yeah guys have like all those cute
little stuff and then like of course my
mom would be mom and my dad would be
daddy and yeah I have like names for
people no now when I answer my phone my
for my mom it's Suzie and Hollister very
like formal I guess it really does
bother me but is he also is very like
I'm very OCD about the information on my
phone I basically want my phone to like
always look like it just came out of an
Apple commercial
um I have a really really cool comment
that we got on yesterday's daily it's
myth chick 23 I love you guys remind me
of Shay and Colette before they got all
famous that is like such a huge
compliment like thank you guys so much
or thank you am ia chick 23 for saying
that because I think that in a way we do
sort of have similar personalities like
I am very outgoing obnoxious annoying
and Missy's more like reserved and like
shy and like tries to I guess like keep
me in line or like balance me a little
bit and then I got another one here um
actually you just commented jazmyne den
a you said I love you guys way too much
the first thing I do when I come home is
watch your new videos can you say
obsessed much you guys make my day and I
just thought this was such a cool
comment because not only are you being
like so nice but the truth is like I am
so obsessed with you guys like and if
you seriously make my day like when I go
on our video and I'm like seeing
comments about you guys you know like
talking about things were doing or like
giving us suggestions or stuff like that
like I'm seriously obsessed with that
it's so cool this little community that
we created in just a short amount of
time for our daily vlogs and I just love
it and I think that's a huge thing that
I love about YouTube is community and
like we can interact with you guys and
you can interact with us and in a way
like you're watching a show every day
you know and it's a lot different than
just watching a scripted TV show every
day because you actually have influence
on the show you guys right now just by
sending us comments are directly
influencing our show and throughout the
day when we read your comments you are
directly influencing it because we're
like we can mention oh hey we just got a
comment about this and now I'm going to
tell you guys about it because you're
inquiring about it so I think that's
like one of the coolest things about
YouTube so this one was by char-char
Binks 23 and she said haha poor Missy I
thought she was going to cry when you
woke her up I seriously thought I was
going to also again so like sad one of
the week of you looking up early and if
you guys go and watch that blog it's so
funny because her I literally got the
first thing she said she was like what
her voice is all like light and like and
then it like immediately changes
it's is that like I'm gonna die like oh
like a zombie
oh okay so you know that thing when you
are sleeping and probably later than you
should and someone calls you and you
instantly have to like act like you've
been up for hours and went for a jog and
you clean the house and you get
breakfast and like you have to like put
that in your voice I'm really good at
that throw at it I will literally wake
up open my eyes grab my phone hey how's
it going I'm really good at that and
Missy mad I panic actually so you so bad
in the morning she can't even hide it
it's yes hilarious yeah I'm like oh
anyway I hope you guys like this we're
calling it epic comment Wednesday so you
guys leave us epic comments all
throughout the week and then we'll take
some time out on your hump day to
respond to them you can hashtag DB epic
on Twitter or follow me at Brian landing
follow messing up Instagram shoes and do
Twitter obviously lying links are in the
description we're going to bed I'm gonna
finish up the name reveal video which is
sick it's pretty epic and awesome epic
name reveals curb your it's totally rad
anyway so yeah I'm gonna finish that up
but I think I are screaming but thank
you guys for watching and we will see
you tomorrow big day tomorrow
don't mess it up
right here that he consulted comes down
