ah belly ah mr. snow he's blocking my
spell from smelly honest hahaha
and knock him down every single time
okay I'm gonna get a party though
oh yeah
having a boyfriend hey guys so it's like
2:00 in the morning right now Missy is
sleeping and I'm gonna do any boat Falls
- I've been thinking about this for a
while that is could be really really
funny I'm going to ride all of her
clothes all of them so she can not find
them and then I'm going to thumbtack
select close to the ceiling so the only
way she get her close is to get from the
serum she's sleeping right now son to me
super super quiet wish me luck
okay mar 1
okay you guys I'm what I'm going to do
is I'm probably just going to try and
wake her up like put our phone in all
the room and then call it multiple times
in the morning until she wakes up so I'm
going to show you guys really fast what
I did
we need to get ready you need to get
ready to go babe
what oh my god they closed what what's
wrong oh my gosh what ha how that
happened
oh no I don't don't wear any of that
today just go put on something else
there's a cute outfit up there I'm sure
what's wrong baby I they're out there
all cuz you mean
oh we're not your clothes go I'm sure
there's closing the dresser you can wear
did you take those too great what I'm
not going to work okay well I didn't do
anything this close but I see there's a
bunch of clothes on the ceiling that you
could probably wear April Fool's I might
have had a hand in it yeah to see what
did you do
I'm getting ready to leave because I
have to leave look what look look at
this oh my gosh
are you freaking kidding me how did you
do that seriously I really need two
socks right now Missy April Fool's I
love you you're hilarious I know have
fun finding your clothes it's a nice
little fashion scarf I'm obviously
getting ready for work but I thought I
would take you on my adventure of trying
to find my clothes I know some of them
were up here he's so funny isn't he so I
don't know
my clothes are like literally everything
is gone and I have to be at work soon
none of these are mine
none of those okay that was that was
like the first thing I thought of it's
not there I don't know where you could
have put it okay Brian
fun I have no pants on so that's not fun
only thing I know is that our savant of
hangers right here
oh my god no oh I almost didn't see oh
okay
dad can you help me I hope that's all of
them all right looks like this is our
dirty laundry that doesn't really help
me much where are my clothes did you see
him hmm cat is no help I know I have
more clothes than just this basket and
put them I'm hanging up here so I don't
know where you put them oh I think I
found them
wow he soaked them all in bags oh no I
have to figure out how to pick out my
outfit from the bags god I got all your
clothes he took all of them he took even
the clothes that are um folded took them
they're hanging all I did was pin socks
together karma chameleons were you in on
this joke huh oh hey um yeah finally I
had like searched the whole house yeah I
did
so as my dad was leaving I noticed my
dog is in here he was just in here and
now he's not
so if I was thinking my dad had this
closet door open when he was in here and
I'm wondering if maybe he's in their car
my April Fool on karma chameleon car we
just went in there without us knowing
and then what have you got locked in
there all day that would be the funniest
April Fool's joke on you ever huh not
really huh
not really our good Brad so I am at work
right now and I'm thinking I'm gonna be
doing an April Fool's joke on my boss
she's constantly so worried about me
ever going on bed rest I think she
really feels like she needs me in here
and if at any point I were to leave she
would feel like this whole place would
like not run very well where are we
going buddy and he's pretty excited how
much I would try that have you had
you only have one piece - I don't
believe you know I Chang chocolate now
oh that's right you got enough chocolate
so I'm thinking of doing a joke on her
and basically telling her that there's
nothing wrong but as a precautionary
measure measure my doctor wants me on
bed rest immediately as of tomorrow so
I'm going to try and do this and I'm
going to try and vlog eight I'm going to
see if there's any way that I can set
this up she usually sits right there but
I'm not sure if I'll be able to do it
successfully without her knowing so if I
can't then I might not be able to vlog
enough to tell you guys about it later
but I'm gonna try really hard to find a
spot so when she gets in here and we
start talking about you know what's
going on then I'll try and pull the joke
on her hopefully I can keep a straight
face my biggest thing is I cannot keep a
straight face for the life of me but
we'll see I am hanging out now at a
local park with all the kids there
running around they actually got it all
to themselves
um but Missy's at work she's actually
trying to pull a prank on her boss so
hopefully she can do that she has the
vlogging camera so she can set it up
easily and and hopefully we can get it
on camera cuz that would be oh yes it's
just what it's just what you do you just
gotta expect it they were Fool's Day
come on God she walks right away she
just looks like this should see the
camera let me help you yes okay let's do
this here I'll hold you and you blend
there you go there you go he's doing it
and now swing your legs over
I can't yep oh you're good you got it
yeah so I just got off work and I'm so
bummed I was not able to do the joke on
my boss I was so extremely busy CJ's
going backwards look at this daredevil
go CJ go go go there you go
oh oh he's gonna go get down
oh he's blocking my spell ha smelly
honest
ha ha and knock him down every single
time got you so I just got off work and
I'm totally bummed because basically as
soon as I stopped vlogging earlier
my camera just died and I could not I
couldn't want to do the joke because I
was so extremely busy at work it was
like ridiculous and - I couldn't vlog it
she's like what were you gonna do and I
told her you know I was gonna tell her
that doctor was putting me on bed rest
as a precautionary measure and she was
like oh my gosh I would have died
she's like I'm the most gullible person
she's like I would have seriously
freaked out I was like dang it I should
have done it his whole day has been
literally an April Fool's joke on me
it's been like crazy like and nothing
would work at work all my programs kept
crashing faxes wouldn't send pictures
wouldn't upload it was just ridiculous
like this day has literally been a true
April Fool's Day for me so Oh mrs.
clothes are still up here so she did
find her clothes and I put them back for
her
um but all her clothes are still hanging
from the ceiling I just don't want to do
it I'm the one who did the prank and now
I practically pranked myself because I
got to clean it up me and the kids are
headed to Chuck E Cheese and I thought I
decide already tied to him trying a
little break because while we're
watching Spongebob this is what happened
I shut you know passed out
so I think he deserves although break
while we go to Chuck E Cheese
everyone is so good with tickets but now
they get candy
that's Vigo we send them home all sugar
so lien taught herself to go up here
trying to get him to teach yourself to
come down come down now to come down
down here
he's coming out
yeah
here's a little froggy oh my gosh she
should catch these all the time how cool
look it if you pick him up he pees do it
no I don't want to pee on me no here's
his pee I don't want to I'm afraid I'll
get a work look how cool he looks though
pick him up and then you know it goes
warts on him Ward's oh well he's on
bumpy
he's up he's so cute I did permit permit
rabbit ma I knew cool have you seen a
frog I had a long time so I had a
refreshing nap actually I don't you got
video of me sleeping on the ground for
like an hour and a half and it was a
really really good nap but now we're
headed to Buffalo Wild Wings because
it's Jimmy's 21st birthday so we're are
going up to Shannon I'm like killing
them in poker like a ball
I spoke way too soon now miss you
schooling everyone as one though we
didn't know you can play poker armies he
thought it was just trivia
you probably do it misses a little messy
it doesn't really work well when you
have to push buttons ha
in case you're curious Missy won like
almost like six grand babe don't like
9025 around 25 ma'am
it really has to pee right now like if I
were to sneeze right now I'd probably
pee my pants like that one time when you
actually peed your pants we are just not
leaving Buffalo Wild Wings we are
getting ready to end the vlog it has
been an exhausting April Fool's Day
basically my clothes are still hanging
on the wall or on the ceiling yeah uh
and the room is kind of a mess so we are
going to erase a couple names should be
exciting we're down to like the finals
the ones that everybody are cheering for
and everybody thinks it is this is it
we're down to the final names I can't
wait for this to be over early I just I
just want to like tell everyone I hate
keeping secrets I mean it's funny
because we keep a lot of Secrets but we
actually don't like keeping secrets
we're bad at keeping secrets and I want
to thank everyone for all your awesome
comments on my mom's QA it was just
really nice to see everyone so nice to
her cuz she is my favorite person I'm
going to race Annie I don't think I've
heard maybe Oh Jeremy oh yeah I've heard
people say Jerry oh really yeah
so not Jeremy true people have expressed
both love and hatred for this name so I
will tell you that it's not this one it
is not centering oh that was a big one
literally it was the biggest name on the
chalkboard alright guys well I hope you
guys had a great April Fool's Day hope
it wasn't as crazy as ours but um we
will see you guys tomorrow bye coming
you wanna say goodbye to them I don't
think they saw harm at all today karma
karma Cameron here you guys this catch
that karma is about to do it's for you
you ready to come hmm bye - bye - bye
seriously though I think if sizing up
the bigot I've seen it so far
oh yeah every day I guess not because
that Bigfoot
