oh my god is vision de Gotha okay you
ready okay three two one
okay I'm gonna get that okay
Oh
having a birthday this is what it's like
when I eat my lunch one more right there
you guys feeling
hey everyone so brian is off to work
oh hi karma he wants to say hi to huh so
Brian's off to work this morning and
that's good news because he will be back
early today so yay and so now it's again
my Sunday to clean and do stuff I'm
actually gonna go ahead and go with my
family again to go see my grandpa
because I haven't seen him in a while I
have laundry to do as usual which after
I did ask you guys a lot of questions I
feel a lot better about the three loads
everyone was telling me that you know
three loads is pretty good either pretty
normal and some people even do more than
that which blows my mind
I cannot imagine to peep only two people
having to do more than three loads a
week I think that's insane I have a few
dares that we have in mind that we're
already thinking of doing today so we're
excited for that so hopefully Brian gets
off soon so we can have some fun ah
hi good how are you good good - she'll
figure for you
I'm not telling grandpa what I'm having
I'm having a little baby boy
he's like a regular Hollister just like
I am we don't really react in very sick
guys hi grandpa
love you ever when you're pregnant okay
honestly I guess so overwhelmed when I
walk in that store everything is just so
cute I don't know what to buy
everything's so expensive too it's like
oh my god and I get so like overwhelmed
with like everything like oh it's just
crazy but my mom did commit to one thing
we bought some socks so these are two
worked out OMG captain cutie I think I'm
in love I don't really know what to do I
just get overwhelmed my mom said well
don't worry you have five months and I
was like oh my god only have five months
and he start buying stuff but I don't
that worried about it I know that we're
having a baby shower and I'm sure I'm
gonna get a lot of stuff there so don't
really need to buy them and so I just
feel like I should I feel like I need to
get prepared I really want to start
painting that's what I really want to do
it keep telling Brian I really want to
paint please the little leggings little
cute pants Oh
so cute oh and by the way monkeys always
win everything if it has a monkey on it
it wins end of story
karma ID to ask you something someone
has dared you karma good man someone has
dare you to eat a lemon would you do it
would you eat the lemon yeah I do for
you mom yeah I'd do it if you really
want me to just for the votes you better
win though
me guess what brains also it good yeah
here he is here is karma not the tree
Bryan
ah who's that I'm feeling it like a
little push are you saying
yeah right here yeah like great are you
serious yeah it's like it's like quick
like it's still light but it's like a
little sorry thank you you Susie feeling
some yeah over here he's all hot Oh
like I felt like this weird like like it
felt like a very light press yeah I mean
I press down it up here is that kind of
high though well a garis is up here his
feet are probably up here oh my gosh
babe I know I'm thinking that I don't
feel it right now but it was like this
light push it it happened like three
times it was like this but it was like a
stress it was like oh my gosh it was so
like
cool he felt the baby push in the middle
Walmart for the first time seriously oh
my gosh babe I've been feelings of all
day like I was laying on the couch
earlier and I was like I pop my head up
and I seriously thought I felt a bit
like the first time it happens you don't
know and then you're waiting for that
second one to be for sure yeah you're
really paying attention and I never
happens again for the second time it
pretty much just happened a second time
yeah no actually having like three times
I like put oh I was like holy walking
like was that I feel like this like
weird pushes I kind of and it's almost
like stalked me like in my tracks Oh
like what the hell's that
ready and then like I looked out I'm
like looking and then I pushed just
really lightly and I feel pushed back I
was like wait a second I did it again
and I officially get it happened again
it was like the lightest lightest push
like it was not like anything that could
be like hell anywhere all that outside
but like it was like the lightest push
like a it's like push Sun I'm not being
a weirdo I'm not or this girl's time who
knows whose tongue is it whose tongue is
that that his tongue or her tongue I
can't figure it out it's actually really
weird yeah okay creepy brian has been
putting off his dare today all day I
don't want to do it I'm afraid and the
thing is is that I have to go to bed so
he just needs to get it over with and
just do it and I am getting revenge
because of what he did to me yesterday
by hiding one of our one of my M&Ms not
cool so this dare was suggested by
Chelsea risk Oh
and this is what the Dare is he has to
wax just one strip off his legs so we're
not watching his entire leg we're just
gonna take a strip off but Missy it's
going to look weird you might just have
a square of hair missing on my leg
so you want to do the whole thing no no
not even close what I was saying no this
is not the hard part it's like a lot oh
my god right now we're gonna do it where
you need to get it over with so I'm
gonna go heat this up you just heat it
up in the microwave hmm get it to a good
consistency then we'll spread it right
on to you and let the torture begin it
all right we are all ready the lot is
prepared you know it kind of looks like
honey mustard that's it be careful oh
okay okay um so we're always gonna hurt
more no lay down right here Carmen not
you well let's watch Karma no one dared
karma to get wax um are you sure let's
go read the comment again because that
might have actually said karma lay down
on your belly on my belly or my side
belly my back belly my head do it
there's a lot of different options I
just want to make sure you're making the
best you're you're ruining the wax okay
it's gonna hurt more if you don't hurry
okay okay so we're doing the back of my
leg yeah we're just gonna do right here
oh no okay so we'll find the direction
of the hair okay and now preparing the
wax okay
hmm ah what was that
Oh relax I'm sorry I'm sorry okay all
fairness it's very hot
okay yeah this would be better okay
oh no we actually go busy just a small
square I am I know it's a small square
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my
gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh oh
my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh freaking
out I'm freaking out freaking well let
me get this on here then you can oh my
god oh my god miss you're gonna tell me
before you do it right miss you yeah
okay you tell me before I'll tell you
don't worry oh my god are you sure you
know Colin yeah I'll tell you are you
going up or down going up oh my god
vision day her sofa okay three two one
run
okay smooth it is you have a little warm
I know we need to get that you love it
oh my gosh okay hey guys oh we got diary
dining room are we done we're done we're
done are we almost done
hang on you're done oh god I know what
you're doing but you're done put
something on it hang on does it feel
good no better it feels um uh screaming
I don't know I'm hearing things in my
head it's very hot it's very smooth
Brian you've very smooth legs what
that's great it's fantastic
very smooth back of your legs awesome
that's exactly what we're going for
not now they're doing it just because
like girls do this just because what oh
my god I feel so bad for you Cassie now
we're just having fun
this is Dadis his dad is going for it
now karma really wants to to hawk arms
it needs to curve a little bit more that
way here I don't know Jim that's a lot
of hair that's like twice the length of
my leg hair
yeah that's not coming dad I'll be older
I think it'll work
two hands it's an S the more mrs. mom
susannah this is pure black monkey holy
crap okay guys so to the sadistic person
that made me do this thank you that was
quite fun I've never felt that before so
it was pretty it was actually pretty
interesting but this is just gross look
at all his hair and now I get to walk on
for the next eight weeks with a nice
little bulb
porch okay so we are taking dares you
guys go to the link in the description
to vote for Missy's vlog her pregnancy
vlog the bumps along the way
click the little heart vote for her she
went down a position but she's going up
she's getting lots of votes you guys are
so cool for doing this and then come
back to this video leave a comment say
that you voted and give us a dare to do
I'm pretty sure that that was a really
good
revenge for Missy but it's definitely
her turn again so think of a really good
one for Missy but anyway that's all we
got but thank you guys for watching and
we will see tomorrow oh gods
grows Oh Missy there is master online Oh
Missy okay come on I can't find it okay
well yours actually only had four yes
