is naked in my belly yeah it doesn't
have any clothes in there nope that's
got to be like the cutest question I've
ever heard
okay I'm gonna get okay
oh yeah
they're having a birthday watch out guys
mrs. grumpy it's okay to be grumpy Missy
some people are grumpy sometimes you
just get you don't like being rushed and
sometimes I just have to rush you I am
taking Missy to the doctors right now
because her eye she woke up and it still
wasn't better it's not getting worse
right yeah bird it's gross just okay
just look away if it's gross but I was
hoping I wouldn't wake up with like this
big red nasty eye and I didn't it
actually looks a tiny teeny tiny bit
better like less red so I still want to
go the doctors Oh cuz it's Friday I
would hate to have a problem during the
weekend so let me go blind yeah and then
I'll be like cuz you know this is my
eyes and it's a little bit important
dropping Missy off here but I have to
run back to the house because it's
Bailey gonna be there Bailey's gonna be
there at like 1:00 so you have a card so
I just dropped Missy off I'm at her
appointment but I can't go with her
because I gotta be there for the kids
when they get get to our house to
babysit but I'm hungry and I'm thinking
it's like 11:00 I'm gonna skip the whole
breakfast thing and just go straight to
lunch this is what I got at Subway
they're doing this uh $3 six inch subs I
got chicken and spinach and I only put
um balsamic vinaigrette on it because
that's a lot lower cal then like
mayonnaise or ranch or anything like
that so I'm just sitting here eating
lunch and watching some gratuitous
cartoons because I don't get to do that
when Missy's here you know how it is
guys if you're watching this guy's
comment below because I mean there's
just some things like Missy hates South
Park obviously but it's kind of like a
guilty pleasure of mine so if I want to
watch it I had to do it when she's gone
just how my works if it is that it's a
very grumpy Bailey watch that she
doesn't like when I put her down
which is good and then I set it down and
that I pick her up she's got an
elevation problem don't you baby don't
you baby admits he just texted me she's
at Olive Garden now after her
appointment so she definitely owes me
some chicken gnocchi soup hey buddy what
are those yeah whose snacks yummy oh
look at they got Mike Connor from
Monsters Inc yeah are you gonna go see
that movie
do you like Monsters Inc do you want to
watch it okay yeah okay we won't watch
it now watch it later
yeah 11 D o'clock yeah okay how much
chocolate exactly have you had today I
don't know I think you're over the limit
buddy Missy brought me chicken oh geez
dude this stuff is the bomb diggity and
I guess even Missy likes it now and
she's very picky chicken okay soup who
else likes it what are you smilin please
Ryan hey guys so I just got back from my
appointment and everything went good I
really just wanted to make sure that I
didn't have like some serious issue and
I was going to surgery or I was gonna go
blind or something but in the end it
actually someone actually called it on
our commented and said that they
suspected that it looked like a broken
blood vessel which it it was um someone
even said because of throwing up yeah
and it could have been from throwing up
I did throw up Wednesday morning um and
it showed up I think Wednesday night so
I don't know if it was from the throwing
up and the throwing up session when I
did it wasn't like I've had worse you
know basically yeah it wasn't like a
wasn't terrible so it's kind of weird
she said it could be from that she said
it also could be that when you're
pregnant
not only does like the up you know
fingers and toes swell but your eyes
actually swell
and can cause broken blood vessels yeah
but everything is good
CJ's gonna feel the baby if it what's he
doing right now you see Ben Hickey is he
kicking you is he kicking he's not
kicking right now I think he's sleeping
Oh Bailey's being being a bit of a
daredevil in chu-young try again put the
baby now I feeling her head his head
well I think how big Leah just threw
this at me now I'm feeling this oh you
are I feeling this is touching his leg
his leg his other leg yeah I think it's
headed down here cuz that's what they
say yeah and this seats up yeah yeah I
think I think this up yours is bottom
yeah now ISIL is bad
he is naked in my belly yeah
he doesn't have any clothes in there
nope that's got to be like the cutest
question I've ever heard you know he's a
boy yeah yeah and what's his name do you
know his name
Jimmy oh gosh he doesn't like the name I
chose so he decided that his name is
twin citys his name is up there and it's
I don't see twin cities up there but one
of those names are dick which one this
one yeah that's
Atlee who's Ali whoa it could be his
name we don't know though whoa ah the
hurt Oh Bailey all you do is throw
things now you think it's funny what was
that for all our new subscribers who are
watching and wondering who these kids
are we get it we get that question all
the time over and over but that the
little one is Bailey she is um 11 months
old and that's CJ how old do you see J 4
or 4 years old
and they are my little cousins they're
actually my second cousins are my
cousin's children and we watch them like
three days a week for like a couple
hours on those days
TJ's punching the ball around he's
actually taking it down
so I'm letting our sleep but I just
finished her bump taped step that's
uploading now so Brian got me a little
treat while he was in the store and
looks like right now I have a flush and
the only full hospitai a full house and
the dealer's hand is only a three of a
kind so now I just get to unbe unveil
the prize and on my bonus ship is a 10 x
this could be a big winner you guys we
just pulled in front of Panda Express
because we're gonna run in and get some
dinner but we need to see how much we
what all this lottery day get you can't
help but dream it's times ten whatever
it is times ten it could be what if it
says a hundred then it's a thousand
dollars if they just had $10 on here
that's still hundred dollars yeah I mean
it's still awesome okay okay ready one
dollar one dollar yeah did it so we won
ten dollars we want ten dollars yeah
that's dinner every single freaking red
light
we're hitting them all what's up with
that look at all this Easter stuff you
guys look at all the are these real
what were these are real
I know like the tubes they're seriously
like perfect they look fake actually how
do they get them all these colors do
they diam you think no no sir my mom
used to grow these ones about the pink
ones I mean come on yeah those are real
real what yeah we should cream the Mexi
today's actually Good Friday so I hope
you all are having a good Friday oh gosh
please do that to that yeah all right
make noise so that's a big no comment
would love to tear these up
he's like I'm sick of hearing about that
game laughs oh yeah those are the little
piggies Thanks oh the batteries like
dying so it sounds demonic wasn't it all
right so we're grabbing a face because
I'm craving cookie dough this is what
they look like there's like normal eggs
they got a little pee on them
they've been they've been peed on caster
eyes really love him ha
Macy says our baby's craving cinnamon
rolls but I don't know and cookie dough
probably some brownies later I don't
know
okay guys I'm like I fate I smelled this
really weird smell over here by the lily
these are lilies right they literally
smell like poop does he smell one yeah
smell one
I don't like swing food good old lady
perfume yeah so I'm running out to the
car because we with that $10 we decided
to buy you know my say figs and cinnamon
rolls and then we got to the thing it's
578 and we have two five dollar bills
and who wants to use another five dollar
bill when you can now have five dollars
I thought that makes sense or not but
I'm gonna find change that we don't use
our second 500 let's see
pennies so I found it but it's mostly
pedis yeah well I did get it oh my gosh
you just grabbed it all well I tried to
get em busy there's definitely not 78
okay there is I'll do it good job
can't believe we're paying
how many bar - when - now it's getting
to the water ticket counter Danny
jockbox get our handy-dandy
your baser gonna raise some handy dandy
baby names you know because of its like
Blue's Clues over there are we gonna
race some names up in here what names up
in here what alright so this is a
chalkboard it's got our baby's name on
it somewhere we're seeing a name every
day until we get to the final name and
that's when we reveal it that's a really
good um recap I saw I'm gonna race a
name this way yeah over here oh okay I
literally just went I point to the
entire board you said no names in the
middle one of the names in the middle
I'm going to race Travis next name okay
um erase them all just erase them all
missing okay uh I don't know it's fun to
do Bruce not Bruce hello Bruce that's
what I think of every single time it's
Finding Nemo cuz the shark was named
Bruce yeah not funny yeah I did you okay
just just do it just erase it okay we're
gonna erase I really liked the name
Silas like really really really and
everyone asked where we got it and
actually I first heard it in weeds
it's a HBO show Weeds that we were
obsessed with exactly my point
the name is from weeds yeah a lot of
people associate it with that TV show
which is about marijuana it is an
inappropriate show but it's such a cool
name and I like that it's short for the
name Sylvania switch is a biblical name
and it always had like a really cool
ring to it but maybe for next time
no okay Oh won't always more you know
but look how few there are up there we
started with like 30-something and we're
like like more than halfway there I just
can't wait till I can say this is
nursery Brian's not doing that ed
caramel of the chair homeboy what karma
take a night bar bumpers boy thank you
for watching we'll see you tomorrow
what if it's too loud you think it's
doing anything I want it done like every
yeah
really yeah
