she's coming in okay
having a boy named morning everyone so
before you and laughs at me yes I'm
wearing glasses I'm getting ready for
work but I noticed this morning I
haven't a sting in my eye
I woke up with see if I can show you
guys and I'm P recency basically because
of that thing it doesn't hurt or
anything I felt a little nervous about
wearing contacts today so now I have to
wear glasses and I'm really sad about it
cuz I'm not I'm not a good glasses where
I have I get like really bad headaches
and so I don't really wear them very
often but I feel like I needed to yeah I
guess I'm going glasses today this
should be interesting
sooo many laughs I get hey guys I know I
look like I just woke up but it's
actually one o'clock just been working
on the computer all morning I got Bailey
driving around what are you doing are
you loud in here this is a one-way
street come on good night come on good
night good night good night
she loves that thing but right now I
have it in so I'm just grilling up some
chicken and I'm gonna make some chicken
sandwich YUM so I have a bit of a
dilemma I have a baby on me as you can
see and my episode on Hulu Plus just
ended would you like to know where the
remote is so close yet so far away this
is the time where I wish that I could be
like in Harry Potter like akio remote
and it would it would come come on come
on come on oh yeah I'm not a wizard
apparently right now it's nap time
everyone snapping Rubio even Leo's me up
II I'm just trying to figure out how to
get the clicker is what happens when you
let a sleeping baby get on your shoulder
drool and lots of it look what came
today Missy has no idea it's the new
glider for the nursery which actually
Cassie was so excited to get she
actually has been working like
babysitting and stuff just so she could
buy it for us because
we were just going to wait to buy it but
Cassie was so stoked on buying it so
thank you Cassie
I think Missy is going to love this and
I really want to try and get it together
before she gets off work and like how
long do we have 140 right now oh my gosh
so she's gonna be here in like 30
minutes so let's see we can put this
together and have it set up it sounds
like there's a lot of tools in this
thing so hopefully it's not a pain in
the butt oh yeah this is not gonna be
very fine the cushions are like this boo
I love that so she knows haha how big
and fluffy look at actually okay icon
looks like a face if you don't want to
put your feet up here you can actually
put your feet on this little thing and
it's like a little weight comes out like
this too so you can so you can like set
your feet on there and it's all it's
like a little plank it's like it's like
beach themed okay I cannot believe how
fast we just set this up you guys that
literally took like 10 minutes so cool I
love it I want to have it set up and
then just like walk with Missy casually
in the room and surprise her with it if
she thinks it's gonna be here like when
next Tuesday Monday they said like
Monday or Tuesday was gonna be here so
it came early there it is guys I'll set
up and yeah he's cool the back is like
really soft and it's not falling apart
so that is a plus I like that is pockets
put stuff in the pockets I think I did
good you did good
it looks great too it matches the the
carpet Missy's home you're still wearing
your glasses did everyone like them yeah
hey Nina hey Nina could you be quiet
thank you yeah who's like oh come on
wrong does he think it's like electric
or something open it came what do you
think I love it so pretty I know the
wood is really nice oh it is perfect and
that we can pull out with your foot you
can pull it off your feet guys that's so
nice oh I like how is that a heart
attack when I walked in here we can
practice with Bailey it's like I'm not a
baby anymore yeah yeah with this okay
let's see how long it takes her to go
sleep do you like it baby huh he's like
kicking right now he's like ah you're
squishing mate oh really
so me and Brian are headed to a photo
shoot he's got one going on and I guess
I'm tagging along
but I'm just so excited about that
rocking chair I seriously can't believe
that it came today I would thought it
wasn't gonna be here until next week and
it's seriously like perfect exactly they
sing like exactly what I wanted so I'm
so happy I think I'm getting used to you
in glasses already yeah it's really
weird like you know after you see
someone in glasses for a long time and
then they don't wear them they look
completely different yeah it's like
you're starting to look normal now yeah
I know what you mean like especially
once you take off the glasses
you just look weird because you're like
where are your glasses yeah I don't
think I look bad at glasses I just don't
like them they are uncomfortable on my
face and I don't like that I can't like
see things I have really really bad
vision like really bad
and I can't I can't see anything if I
got no peripheral I bet yeah so basic I
can only see here so like this morning I
was doing my hair and I'm going like
this like you know trying to put this up
and I could not see because when you
look in the mirror because you're
banging your head down I couldn't see
here because my eyes could work having a
native had the glasses on them so it's
just like so inconvenient to wear
glasses like you put on my contacts and
you just have regular vision and you can
look anywhere you want and you can see
anything you want so this is what it
looks like
not a good luck yeah ya know if you guys
follow me on Instagram you know I did
something really really funny yesterday
I actually thought that it was Thursday
today's Thursday
well you're watching us on Friday but
today's Thursday but on Wednesday I
thought it was Thursday does it make
sense and so I had actually instagrammed
a picture an old picture of Missy and I
and I tagged it throwback Thursday
because I thought it was Thursday but
here's the picture it's Missy and I and
that was when we were exploring some
caves in Idaho you can see a little
better on my Instagram today is actually
throwback Thursday so I think we're
gonna do something really cool because
we actually have some albums of some
really old pictures of missing night
well not really old but I guess like
since we've been dating pictures Missy's
getting ready to do her bump date she's
getting all our makeup did and we're
just gonna start getting prepared for
that because it's already like eight
o'clock so we have things to do look at
his little puppy dog this is his
favorite spot yeah this is this is where
he sits when we're on the toilet that's
racist we're in the shower
that's reset yeah no one's in here he
just runs yeah he'll just come in here
like randomly and this is like his
safety zone like if he ever is not it
look afraid he just comes in sits here
but he's also very afraid of the b88 if
I said hey he'd probably like start
crying something he's like what do you
say it was my beer okay yeah like yeah I
do like it I just think you should get
rid of this part the moustache yeah oh
yeah it's March moustache March it is
it's March Oh arches in the summer I
didn't know that you've never slept done
in April then it's April all over so all
over beard on a bright
love okay is it really March mustache
mustache Mars that's mark well I think
you should get rid of that part and keep
this mom says he'll look like he's Amish
though because he yeah we have we got to
have this sort of balance it but it's
not really a beard it's like a beard
like she over I see you know it has a
little blonde in it yeah I think it's
funny I like it though we're getting
ready to do our bub date but before I
did I wanted to try and put some music
on my belly and see if he like moves it
all to it because that would be so much
fun to like play music I want to play a
lot of classical music like Beethoven
stuff but one of our favorite bands is
Mumford and Sons and they have actually
a lullaby a lullaby album so cute so
cool you guys should definitely look it
up if you don't have Spotify that's how
we that's how we look it up that so they
like take their their songs and they
basically put them to like xylophone and
flute and some so they sound like
classical music what if it's too loud
yeah do you think it's doing anything
yeah I want to play this for him like
every night so that when he's born then
we can play this music and I'll help him
like it'll calm him down because we
recognize it it's just so fun like
knowing that you could I hear this he's
starting to kick really yeah what is
that okay actually kicking a lot now
he's like turn it down yeah I turned him
down a little bit site I just looked up
something I said you want it around 70
decibels okay Missy likes her music at
like a faint whisper I could calm be
calm Brian likes a blaring and I just
like it to surround me completely it I
felt that you must like them a little
boys gonna have like the best taste in
music okay karma found his new favorite
seat did you boy yeah you gonna share
this with the baby
always chooses the most inconvenient
places to sit my boy but you do look
quite cute on that lie quiz I get it's
moving it's moving a lot
it's so cute yeah I didn't know you yeah
okay guys this certainly happens all the
time we just got done filming Missy's
bump day right and I go to slide the SD
card into the SD card slot and it always
gets stuck in the CD slot I sort of
caught myself this time so I can maybe
get it okay but I lit a one time I lost
it all the way in there
and I actually had to like make this
little hook thing to move it out so
really really annoying let me know if
you guys if you have an iMac if you've
ever done that because they're so close
to each other so annoying I just got
done with my bump date and so Brian
mentioned that it is throwback Thursday
today for us of course it's Friday for
you which it could also be what is it
like the Friday one because they didn't
they forgot to do it
flashback friend flashback Friday so I
guess it's flashback Friday for you guys
throwback Thursday for me okay so a few
years ago probably right after me and
Brian got married he made me this
beautiful hardcover book and it has our
one of our pictures from our wedding on
it so I'm going to show you some really
fun pictures in here and these are
basically all of our wedding pictures
and it's just like an amazing book
because it's it's hardcover and it has
everything that a book would have it
looks like it was a Valentine's gift so
that's really cool is probably from 2009
so this is us getting ready that's my
little sister you guys have seen her in
a lot of vlogs there she is
five years ago she's so cute and that's
my best friend Kelsey I only had two
people in my wedding it was just my best
friend Kelsey and my little sister and
here's Brian getting ready I really did
not want him to cut his hair for the
wedding I think he kind of wanted to do
something different but you know I have
a hard time with change and so I'd
not to but now I seriously regret it I
hate that his hair was so like long um
oh this is a really fun picture this is
a picture if you can't tell I'm kind of
up in the stairs that's me with my
flowers and then that's Brian peeking
over in the corner and that's my dad
actually right above him um and he that
was when he actually said to me um are
you ready and then I like started to cry
I was like yeah and then that's when he
left and went into the church so this is
one of like my big moment that's when I
like I don't know if I mentioned this
before but I'm not a big crier and that
was like a moment when I almost started
crying because it was just like really
special and here's actually I've always
tried to explain how my wedding looked
inside it it was always very dark with
like the candles um and very like
romantic like um there basically was no
lights on just little tinkles lights and
I call him twinkle lights and candles
and stuff like that and there is my mom
with my cousin and there's Brian's mom
um so there's us walking down the aisle
and there's me and Brian I got I'm gonna
tell you something he was crying like a
baby
he was just tears running down it was it
was really cute here is our first kiss
as a married couple was our first kiss
ever yes our first case up no it wasn't
you know it's funny because they always
say like on your wedding day go really
slow cuz their movie goes super fast and
you just forget it and seriously like
the whole day is just like a blur yeah
so if you don't know me I love chocolate
and I only like chocolate so my wedding
cake or just to say our wedding cake was
chocolate and not only was it just
chocolate but I don't like um
store-bought chocolate cake so I had a
friend who was a cake person actually
make the chocolate cake that I like that
is actually out of the box in the aisle
it's like um like Betty Crocker I'm not
kidding that's this Betty Crocker
chocolate cake with my chocolate
frosting that
I liked and those pearls on there and
there is our wedding topper which is
actually right over there there's a
there it is in real life I think I've
only carried you like that like once in
real life yeah pretty sure I hit your
head on the door I don't know why we
chose that one we were of course under
21 so um I chose to drink apple juice at
our wedding which I love apple juice and
actually also might one of my favorite
things with chocolate cake is of course
a milk so here you can see that I have
my apple juice and my milk sitting next
to me as I drink as I eat my chocolate
cake so that's kind of funny
we had a very unique wedding I love that
picture that's gotta be one of my
favorites
I was very tannin this cheese and then
here's a couple pictures from our
honeymoon we honeymooned um just in Dana
Point and um of course Disneyland
sorry went to Disneyland also for
honeymoon and they lived happily ever
after
all right guys so it is time to erase a
couple of names name will I erase today
I'm gonna go with one a couple people
have said it but I'm gonna go with this
one let's see not Matthew next one is
another one that a lot of people have
said Gavin not Gavin either it's not
Gavin no Brian name yeah it's not Gavin
we're gonna have the reveal video and
the next day or no that same day in the
vlog will be erasing the last two names
so I want to find out what the reveal
video or on the blog yeah when I was
little my mom would actually make me
peanut butter and and our peanut butter
and butter sandwiches and I just thought
those were like the greatest thing ever
because anything with butter is pretty
much amazing
but I'm going to use banana there we go
guys this is the kind of thing that
makes you feel like you're 5 years old
again
mmm
so I'm gonna go bye guys we did it
we bought a roller and a car and a base
it comes with a base yeah
so this is a big moment really exciting
do the yard too close together you can
just just like fold it up I think
there's a some parts that you're gonna
have to put together have you got to do
- get our stroller what I needed
