okay ready ready I'm not ready up
thought a little bit
I don't know that don't Google it you
guys if you're gonna do it just do it
don't go boy
they're having a boy's day hey everyone
so I'm getting ready for work super
excited because today is my friday which
i just today for you is friday but today
it's thursday for me but it's my friday
super excited because i just love
working those 40 weekend or 4 days and
having three-day weekends so this is my
first time really getting to do that and
i'm super excited about it whenever i'm
ready getting ready and i'm going to
work
brian's always sleeping bundled up in
here and really I mean he stays up
really late doing a lot of editing and
working and I think he gets a lot of the
majority of his stuff done as far as
like work is concerned at night I don't
know maybe that's when his creative
juices are flowing which in the end
makes him sleep
you know later than me but I did want to
say that someone dared him to wake up at
7 a.m. I thought that was just a great
dare because every morning I get up so
early which I guess it's not that early
but I my alarm goes off at 7:00 and I
kind of push it 7:30 8 o'clock and
that's what time I get up every morning
so Brian sleeps and sleeps and sleeps
and I understand but at the same time I
totally think he should do that dare and
have to wake up at 7 a.m.
hey good my boy hi I come oh hi
no one is still um daring common to do
things karma you want to do a dare like
we are huh nor do dare this morning and
I watched yesterday's vlog and I saw
where I was I made that chicken salad
and I seriously been craving chicken
salad ever since so I'm gonna make it
again today with my handy dandy chopper
but I'm gonna do it a little bit
differently we actually had some chicken
leftover from the big chicken that we
baked well we more like played with it
danced with it dude duuude a medium
massage there oh yeah nice little
massage but we had some leftover
so I'm going to use that for the chicken
but I'm going to do something a little
differently I'm going to put avocado
cilantro and buffalo sauce if you guys
know me you know I am obsessed with
buffalos so I will literally put on
everything including my chicken salad so
I have never tried this so I'm going to
try it I'm going to try a combination of
the mayonnaise and the yogurt ranch that
I used yesterday as well so see how this
turns out
so I shut it up the avocado and cilantro
dump my chicken in just gonna pour a
little bit of this buffalo sauce maybe a
little more chop this baby up smells
pretty dang good ok so I put it on my
sandwich it's actually really good that
is really weird I don't think that's
gonna work
it's such a nice day so can I delete for
work soon so when I take combi for a
quick walk and trying to enjoy it it
isn't like it huh
cumin isn't like the halter because it
means he can't pull us huh Carmy he
still thinks we're going to the dog park
it's like right it's like 81 yeah I go
there I can wear shorts in February yeah
how was it that's all awesome
California's highway flip-flops right
now and it feels nice I love flip-flops
season but also they kind of like ruin
my feet if you can all dry and nasty
like every single day after wash them
slowly everything away you do wash them
anyway oh yeah I want ate every day I'm
normal I mean I watch my we've been
getting so many um dares to do today
come on come on come on come on it still
it that one spot where some dog peed 10
weeks ago so a lot of people want to see
you do the cinnamon test I know I'm
afraid to do it though
well just okay there is obviously like
you gotta be careful don't ya I don't
want to bring it in but it's not that
hard you just breathe through your nose
oh you've done the cinnamon challenge
yeah they really wants to do the Harlem
shake video I told you that I've been
wanting to do that
like get the teddy bear involved and
have fun there's only two of us though
Dino we might do that I might do a
Harlem shake video so I have to leave
for work in like ten minutes but I'm
like trying to get mrs. bump date up it
is taking forever to process so karma is
playing with another balloon that is
actually from the baby shower and he's
being quite hilarious with it karma no
barking he mostly just hits it with his
nose so get it he's actually being nice
to it those hey you wanna pop it right
out you really hated it yeah Thank You
mustard right now
so Anjali has know that I just made it
to 17th place on the circle of moms
contest and I just gotta say thank you
so much to everyone this is all thanks
to you guys for being such awesome
subscribers and going and voting it's so
easy so I just I'm just so excited that
I just made into 17th place and yeah I
just I just feel like it's crazy like I
just never thought that I would be like
I'm I'm next two plus one please which
is one of my favorite vloggers like
that's just crazy so I'm really just
super excited about it kind of giddy so
I literally just wallow that wrong and I
became very sick I was like just
coughing because I swallowed and it went
down like the wrong tube kind of thing
and then I just got super sick and it
was super annoying so now I look like
I've been crying so my kitty cat
claire-bear
he is it the most adorable lovable kitty
cat ever he is filthy the white is
supposed to be white and he's brown I've
decided to fill the tub up just a tiny
bit he used to take baths when you was
little
and set him in there let them calm down
a little bit and hopefully give him a
little bit of a bath hopefully it
doesn't look like I'm torturing him it's
for heart pain when he's gross you know
I'm just going to send him in there
shut the door okay that was okay calm
down so didn't really work as well as I
planned
he's not super happy till you piss
actually so now we got to get him out of
vest he's not being tortured he's
standing in an inch of water it's not
that big of a deed but okay all right
time to get him up he's not super happy
he's probably planning on taking a nice
big poop on my floor mmm
all right this is how not to give your
cat cat bath I guess hi guys I'm home
did you miss me I'm sure they did we did
all kinds of stuff without you though
did you really oh did nothing all day
did you even tell him where I was no I
didn't usually I I'm like Oh buddy went
to work but today oh my god I'm tired I
see what sharing this funny picture with
me I didn't see but she posted on
Instagram and it's one of those memes it
says maternity tops $60 maternity pants
$80 the look on people's faces when you
tell them you're going to eat your
placenta priceless
that's hilarious it's not like one of my
like subscriber friends like they posted
on my facebook and I was like or on
Facebook and I was freaking out about it
all day out laughing about laughing
after you call someone and they come to
your house after you have the baby and
they do it all in your house they dry it
out they come back after it's all dried
out and then they completely mix it chop
it up and put it in capsules for you
that's gross and it increases milk
supply it does all kinds of like amazing
thing you're such a hippie I'm so
excited to do it why don't you just eat
it without drying out just eat it raw
like we'll fry it up medium rare yes I
know I'm not gonna do that
okay people think you're doing like
first of all it's supposed to
a lot your hormones faster so I'm not
like a raging beat at you that's a plus
yeah so we're pulling in to this parking
lot and there's these people with the
shopping cart like they're taking it
home pretty sure that you can't do that
not allowed people maybe that was just
on their grocery list we need to get a
shopping cart really purchases at the
store no I feel like we're in that
commercial have you seen that commercial
the whopper commercial where the
pregnant lady gets up in Villa night and
makes her husband take her to get us for
Burger King yeah I feel like we're doing
that right now cuz it's like 11 o'clock
and missing is like needing food you
want you know what I want I really want
that hot mess burger and it's like I
looked it up it's like 1800 calories I
could never eat it no someone dared me
to eat pudding out of a made mayonnaise
charge yeah that was a really good tear
but I didn't want to say that the Dare
would be more to eat vanilla pudding
because I don't like maybe I'll do it
yeah you should definitely do that one
my mom actually told me one time that
when I was little I would eat mayonnaise
out of a big jar with a wooden spoon oh
that's disgusting
yeah I don't think I was a very bright
kid anyone welcome to Jack in a box I
named shoe girl would you like try the
hot mess burger today I would but I
cannot I can't do it I died it'd kill me
order whenever you ready can I get a
plain chicken sandwich a small french
fry do you have anything remotely
healthy or water water alright any
meeting cookies for a dollar more today
snow are you trying to kill me off I be
happy up food now hey this is what our
trash can looks like you see that
episode of The Simpsons where they don't
take out the trash and the rule is if
you put something in the trash and the
trash falls out then you have to take it
so they start stapling trash to the
trash I feel like that's where we're
headed right now you just take it out
I saw the man challenge certamen child I
should do the buffalo challenge that
sounds yummy air Missy
so I guess get an anniversary if I die
Missy you can have my iPad Mini
wait what about your computer my
computer goes to I don't give it to some
poor kid in Africa this seems like a lot
now I'm freaking out undo a spoon so did
you - oh my gosh and that's not even
full um yeah it's level
who dared we could do that it was like a
lot of a lot of people I'll put all of
the comments on the screen cool but this
was a very popular one so I was like
yeah a lot of people want him to do this
only one person said maybe you shouldn't
and I am thinking I shouldn't listen to
that one person I was gonna do it with
me okay no don't give it oh so she's not
guy ready ready I'm not ready up a
little bit
I don't know that don't google it you
guys if you're gonna do it just do it
don't go boy do I like or like pour it
in my mouth yes hmm
ready I'm not ready oh my gosh I'll do
it when I'm ready and don't do that I
will do it okay okay I just feel like I
have something in my throat
feel like I maybe I need to clear my
throat all right ah it's only in
teaspoon I'm gonna do it yeah I thought
it was a tablespoon that's three of
those this is a lot yeah it is kind of
Awesome oh you little cheater I spilled
some Brian oh no he's got a restart he
just resonates up it's really getting
done I'm just afraid that I'm gonna
choke and die I'm gearing myself up for
it okay
Wow really thought I was gonna do it
therefore I just gonna do all right I'm
gonna do it what's in a second uh
probably cut out most of this but we've
been here for like ten minutes it says
six and a half minutes okay oh my gosh
I'm gonna do it you're not I was about
to do it and you weren't looking so I
come on you can do it longer you can do
it a little longer okay how was that I
was horrible not only was like my mouth
like super dry like Sahara Desert dry
I'm sorry the burn yeah like how all
right guys so I hope you're happy you
got me to do the cinnamon challenge it
pretty much killed my mouth and my taste
buds that was literally torture if you
guys are catching on that's kind of what
we're doing for what are we on twelve
more days yep we have 12 more days of
this yeah so for the next 12 days Macy
and I are going to be taking their
requests that you guys leave in the
comments below so what we want you guys
to do is click the link in the
description
vote for Missy's pregnancy vlog the
bumps along the way you don't need any
account you don't need to anything you
just click the little heart if votes for
Missy you guys are awesome you got her
in an awesome spot right now and we want
to keep her there and we want to like
get her even higher and so this is just
like so exciting for us to watch and
it's like the vlog it's just getting so
much exposure to all those girls out
there who really need it the most
we're just getting so many new messages
from girls around the world who were
actually like
helping and just like giving people hope
and and information and stuff like that
so we want to keep that going you guys
are awesome we had the best subscribers
in the world you guys are the ones who
are making that happen so go and vote
and then after you vote come back to
this video leave a comment tell us you
voted and give us a really cool dare
tomorrow it's Missy's day in Missy day I
think I'm gonna give myself a break umm
no way you know you actually do it there
you want to know okay there might be a
day I'm gonna do we really want to do a
really really good one for Missy so
trying find them for Missy remember that
she's pregnant and we don't want her
throwing up maybe some sort of public
embarrassment handled me thinking about
that leave leave them in the comments
below
and thank you guys thank you for
watching welcome to all our new
subscribers this is our life and by
subscribing
you are joining our little family that
is growing right there baby boy right
there thank you baby
super active to really gonna really feel
stuff I can't wait till I can film I
know I can't wait but anyway that's all
we got guys I have a super long day I
got to get up early and work and then
work and Missy's got her first Friday
off because she just changed her
schedule so you guys know me hang out
with her for a while but I will be home
soon I feel like the dad who's telling
you kids like I gotta go to work but I'm
gonna be home soon so anyway thank you
guys for watching I hope you have a
fantastic day
like this video if you did and we will
see you tomorrow good bye
oh yeah okay I'm pretty good
