I might even watch I doubt do you want
me to I'm totally actually I'm going to
I would like a mirror yeah Missy wants
to watch okay
oh yeah
having a boy babe I am getting hearing
for work and I'm so late
I could not seem to get myself to wake
up this morning I was so tired I went to
bed you know around midnight or so and I
had to go sleep on the couch until he
was done painting but I'm telling you
right now he did not go to bed until 6
a.m. he was up I know he must have hung
up all the pictures and everything cuz
that receive it was back hung up when I
woke up and he obviously I didn't vlog
like he must have done some touch-ups
some more touch-ups um last night guys
like there's things that I don't know if
he did um all that so yeah he was up
really late and he's got to get home
very soon now because we have our I'm
going to work for like an hour and then
I'm and then we have our appointment so
he's got to get up really soon so he's
gonna be exhausted today but so am i
gosh I had to sleep on that couch is so
uncomfortable but I just fell asleep
does so so tired good morning this is
what four hours sleep looks like bully
so you guys know how I ended the vlog
yesterday and I told you it was 1:19 and
I was going to bed well I didn't go to
bed I was actually up until like 6:00
something because I just wanted to
finish everything you know it was so
obnoxious with our room being torn apart
so I literally hung everything up and I
put all the covers on the outlets and I
did all the touch-ups on the ceilings
and on the crown molding and I really
just like when I wanted Missy to wake up
this morning and not be like oh God like
we need to finish this or we're still
doing this or something so just felt so
bad and she was in the the living room
sleeping so I had the opportunity to do
it I think I like the placement of the
pictures a little better they're more
like stared and that one's like a little
we are headed to the appointment and
look at this day you guys bright blue
skies don't look into the Sun don't look
into the Sun
yeah it's freaking beautiful here boo
there's like a line in the sky all right
headed to the Anatomy scan a little
nervous but I feel good but I understand
why we need two anatomy scans really I
think it's mostly money they just well
they actually did the other one a little
bit early that's right and they didn't
see everything cuz he wouldn't stop
wiggling mm-hmm but I did just drink a
bunch of juice
so come on purpose so I could see him
move again I was a ball
so it wasn't an Anatomy scan like I
thought I just checked my cervix but
cervix were perfect and closed and long
and so and baby was good he's actually
senescence in 12 ounces and still head
down which we're hoping is a good time I
know she said it might be his comfort
zone so maybe he'll stay like that okay
awesome
and she had she did stay on the part of
his crunch and it was I was like whoa is
that it like almost doing me just
kidding with it's really okay Godsman
okay so I was out going to get the mail
and I was about to get it I saw up on
this hill of like dirt and there was
just like this pack and play and I took
it did it look like someone actually
like threw it away
yeah it was like it was like right I was
all wrapped up like you know and I'd
done do it all and I just put it up it's
actually pretty clean it's a really cool
looking like look at the pattern like
it's got this really cool and it's black
and white also this is Missy or this is
Cassie's first vlog so everyone be nice
really nice I just I don't want to steal
it no are you sure it looked like it was
done out it looked a man doing it for a
couple days
yeah if you smell it it smells like dirt
so we checked our p.o box and we got
some swag mail from you awesome bumpers
this is from fritz slash wood family in
moscow males missouri it's always so
exciting when you guys send us things
but it it even just like simple cards
we're like what they see and Brian we
are big fans of yours we watch the daily
bumps as a family everyday all as a
family that's cool I just had my
baby one month ago and I have PPD and
you truly make my day better the pic I
sent is of my newest member of our
family you both and your bundle of joy
are in our prayers all rugs got one
month old Oh cute that smile it's a door
oh my gosh oh wait and he's wearing the
shirt that's someone else said yeah okay
so this one is from Amanda and Amanda uh
from Canada Missy has trouble speaking
sometimes if you guys don't know I can't
talk very well I say like the wrong word
yeah yesterday I was close to it say the
word saw and I said the word stalk
instead of it like literally just
where's the stalk I mean saw so okay
this always happens with Missy she can
never open it and so this is from Canada
we actually we've gotten a lot of things
from Canada it's awesome first let's see
what this is oh my gosh
Oh a little monkey outfit holy cannoli
wait is it serious yeah hmm with a tail
and everything oh my gosh that is so
funny oh my gosh that's so cool yeah and
so nice did she do it herself let's read
the letter
monkeys win everything I really hope you
like it I look forward to continuing to
watch her January to get your journey
together which ah Amanda both items are
machine wash and dry safe cool he's
gonna have the cutest photo shoot with
this on I love this so cute stock-car
can't wear it oh the joys of being a
husband to a pregnant wife lots of back
rubs won't you sit on your yoga ball
well you think it'll help this is like
making my hand feel tickly and itchy
hey time
one-twenty what's 10 21 really Missy
when's my birthday here oh I was like do
you not know what I was born pick a
pretty flower for the pretty lady be
tippity flower with my luck it's a weed
comment is this a weed or a flower I
think it's a flower
pretty pretty flower / - pretty flower
pretty pretty flower pretty pretty
flower Missy where are you Missy are you
in the bathroom I got you something I
lost my phone and I've chimed it ah I
found it it was like right in the open I
feel really sick you think I'm pretty
sure that you hide my phone sometimes to
torment me you're officially headed to
drop off our armoire with my friend
and we are going to get it stained we
officially decided we're going to go
ahead and try and match the dark cherry
wood stain with the other items that we
purchased that are going to be a dark
cherry wood stain
like
we lost you guys okay so check out what
I did I actually just moved the I took
out the mini-fridge that was over in
that corner and I pushed the whole bed
this way cuz every time we had to get in
this closet I had to move that and it
was such a pain in the butt and I don't
want Missy moving it when I'm not here
now we are it's a little tight here next
to my computer but I think it's really
good it freed up so much room in the
middle of the room and I really want to
put a loveseat in that I'm trying to
convince Missy to get a couch going
seriously weak Missy we could fit a
couch right here and a coffee table in
front there's so much more room for
activities if you guys don't know where
that's from yeah you guys should speak
her oh and I wanted to give a little
shout-out to my friend Kelly you guys
actually saw her in the video that we
did that for the gender-reveal party and
so happy birthday Kelly I hope you had a
great day extender you're seeing this
tomorrow which is the day after her so
but everyone should give her a happy
birthday comment so that would be cool
her name is Kelly so if you didn't see a
few months ago I tried to get rid of
Brian's Snuggie at a garage sale but he
took it back claiming that he would be
using it but guess what he did he stuck
it in the storage room so this is now
take two on getting rid of the Snuggie
and he has no idea except I'll probably
watch this tonight when he edits the
video but hopefully by then it'll
already be at the goodwill I don't know
if it's taped to it cuz it could be like
take three or four I think I'm ready to
get rid of it like numerous times and he
keeps just taking it back it's so
annoying so I think I'm officially going
to get rid of it because guess she
seriously
use it you just stick it in the closet
and it's never been used once it's
official guys we are throwing out the
official bumps along the way chair it is
just ran its course and Missy is done
with it and so for until we get the
actual rocking chair which is on its way
for the nursery
Missy's just going to sit down nice and
casually on the rug with the nursery and
progress behind her we are just cleaning
still it's like our life never ends but
we're getting rid of a lot of stuff we
don't use we're organizing more Missy
actually organized this whole back
closet again which probably won't last
long the chairs gone but it chairs gone
Missy hated that chair everyone loved it
though no I feel bad a lot of people are
gonna miss it I just love it over here
for more important things
yeah so we're a baby I really like that
this walls blue too cuz it kind of ties
it in better you know yeah totes I think
I think it almost makes it like this is
now an actual room for him yeah yeah I
think it's good we're going with a mini
Hey look at this is just the this is
just the crib yeah the crib is gonna go
out holy crap yeah if we want to change
her with the gravy boat yeah take up
this whole wall hopefully the mini crib
will just be about this big I think
it'll be about that size yeah yeah I'm
kind of imagining yes yeah I think
whatever we do going to love it yeah oh
yes you're in recognize your voice wait
the baby can hear me they can hear and
right
nice our boys probably more my voice
could be here to find the most yeah cuz
you talk a lot guys Missy got distracted
she's actually supposed to be cleaning
the closet so you can put this thing
away books that I've never even cracked
open because I have a internet YouTube
and apps yeah look at all these
pregnancy books stop it's just just a
lot I got graphic oh this one does get
crap Rick we've seen some pretty graphic
YouTube videos yeah this does but Amy
yeah we're pretty I'm pretty much immune
to the whole baby coming out
I might even watch I know do you want me
to I'm totally actually I'm going to I
would like a mirror yeah Missy wants to
watch Ryan I don't know he can't even
handle watching you get my blood drawn
online I'm not very good bud and you
plan on cutting the corn honestly I
don't know because every time I see a
dad do it I it's just it looks messy and
I think we're keeping a good 3 feet on
the cord right just in case it's in
things in place we'll just wrap it
around the baby like a belt don't think
so no here just for size comparison I
know I'm abnormally large head but these
are cool these are the pizza sliders
from pizza hook mm mm mm mm hmm
and they're bomb.com look I'll pregnant
Missy looks when she's on the yoga ball
Oh
sinking yeah seems like it's hanging
down really low
you look so pregnant maybe I could be
are eating does that is that helping
anything it is you cannot wait I guess
like I feel or takes up on though like
hell
my hips for sure karma did you chew on
this did you find it on the ground start
chewing on it this isn't yours don't
look at me boy you're greater karma no
wha just try and grab it again you
weirdo
you have toys so you got that's your
piggy right there
play with your piggy this is a No
he really wants your iPad will de we are
just about done cleaning do it like
cleaning the room like the room is done
right like okay so we got rid of that
that chair so this whole thing is
cleared out and ready ready for baby
stuff good stuff temporarily I do have a
board up here it didn't fit so it's very
it's crooked can we even figure out this
this area got tons of clothes out of
here that had just been like they're
like nice clothes or something that
maybe we wouldn't normally wear so I put
them into the storage hanging up in
there so you race to yesterday's hominid
race Tuesday okay fine wait oh and I
know I love the name slip today don't
read into it you guys yeah I know
everyone I know everyone's already
putting a guess is dad wonder why
everyone pees I said there is not enough
names left on I know I'm getting nervous
so our son's name is on here somewhere
and if you watched Missy's bum date then
you know his middle name is on here too
so his first and middle name are on this
board right now and we're racing a
couple names a day until we get to it
when we're gonna announce it with a big
video big hurrah one of us countdown so
I'm gonna go ahead and erase two names
okay I we I am erasing Mason know me but
I do want to say that I love that name
because that's Sarah
wheezes name on YouTube so or not her
name her son
oh I was like hey Sarah Louise's name no
that's Sara Louise's son's name so we
absolutely love that name but that's not
our son his name okay I've seen a couple
people say this one Jackson yeah no
actually quite a few people were saying
Jackson really yeah don't be mad you
guys all right guys I'm gonna wrap with
the vlog just want to let you know Missy
is actually going to a really big
appointment tomorrow they're checking
the baby's heart making sure that
everything looks good and then she
actually has another appointment
almost right after that with her OB so
tomorrow's gonna be a really really busy
day for her I'm gonna be helping out my
friend again watching the kids but I'm
gonna give you guys to her um so you'll
be with her all day but I just want to
thank you guys all for watching we will
be seeing you guys tomorrow purse
there's one I'm really good it's like
it's like baked into it somehow I don't
know how they do it yeah
and it's all like soft and buttery
I was really hot the foodie shirt is
okay yeah oh I'm just a little bear just
a little coming here that's a little
come here
