oh I'm just a little bear just a little
gummy bear that's a little come here Oh
what okay I'm gonna go
oh yeah
having a birthday goodmorning bumpers if
you're ever curious if we could fit
everything in our bedroom on one side of
the bedroom then you might be right
cuz we got a little mess going on today
I'm basically getting everything
prepared so that I can start painting
these horrible disgusting villainous
crude poop green walls we hate these
walls they were here when we moved in so
we didn't really have a choice and we
just got to the point where we're like
you know what we're gonna do it we're
gonna paint them gonna get rid of this
nasty crap so I'm trying to move
everything over here to this side of the
room and I have today's daily uploading
now so I can't really move my computer
yet but I'll probably have to move it
over there and then I just need to make
a quick run to Walmart cuz I just have
one more thing to get to start painting
who's that
it's Missy she wants to know if I'm up
yet yes I am boom
getting things done this morning so I I
just left Walmart I just had to get a
few paint things but I was literally in
the parking lot for like 30 minutes
looking for my silver Dodge Caliber cuz
I forgot that I was taking Missy's car
she actually took my car this morning
because I didn't think I'd have to go
anywhere um I hate that when you take a
different car and then you go into the
parking lot and you can never find your
car because you're looking for the wrong
one
just got home from work I'm exhausted
but Brian's left the camera out here for
me to vlog as I walk in our room
he's got me a little nervous he says
that it doesn't look exactly how we
thought it was gonna look but he still
thinks it looks cool so I guess we'll
see right now hmm
hey hey what do you think actually like
it really high I mean it's definitely a
grayish color no like it has more red in
it yeah I guess yeah I told you it looks
purple when we were looking at it what
other one but yeah it's like in the same
family so it does have a little red in
it yeah but it doesn't bother me it's
already drying a letter color no is this
some is this with one this is the very
first coat this is one coat actually
looks really good with one coat no you
can still especially up there except
that I did that with an edger uh-huh and
this seems more red but maybe this
little because the green is coming
through and it's altering the color
yeah nasty green poopy green Oh big
green oh yeah this just has the first
coat I'm working on the first foot over
here and I did all that I'm good so look
that looks like a difficult one up there
yeah hard yeah so you see me I'm covered
in sweat you really shouldn't be wearing
that nice shirt Bryan well I'm good I'm
not like you I don't get paid that's not
true that's a nice sure I like that
she's gonna get me take my shirt maybe
okay guys I just finished up the second
coat on the wall look it it's kind of it
kind of got a little purpley or like it
seems like there was more red in the
paint you can't really tell in the
camera I don't think but it's like a
really nice whoa whoa camera's freaking
out you see that but it's like a really
nice tan color it's got a little gray in
it I like the way it turned out it's a
good color now we just got to get these
two walls we're gonna do this big wall
in that little wall then we're going to
finish that one with that blue color so
and I think we're good with we got one
gallon of paint just for it so I think
that's actually pretty good
I found these pillows under the bed and
they actually came with like an old
comforter set that we used to have and
Missy
hates them so so much and I always
wondered where they went well it turns
out
that she hid them under the bed so
that's their new home first of all I was
I'm back at my newly made painter
clothes since I was painting so I'm not
wearing the same outfit so we already
have arm everything back together and
this whole side is painted with two
coats Nevsky and Brian did all of it
it's a good um we just got up the chair
really as you can see that's okay um so
this is basically done we need to do
some touch-ups
um the chair rule needs a little bit
touch-up and the Blues need some
touch-up but very very minimal and but
for the most part that's basically how
it's gonna look looks damaged completely
in love with it I love that bottom color
I just think it really just makes the
whole room yeah
so I love it very playful very boyish
yeah furniture and it's gonna look
really beachy once we get all the beach
stuff in here so excited yeah so now we
just have to do this wall that's the
last bit of it so we're gonna start that
probably right now
all right guys we are escaping our very
messy room because when you paint it's
just like a mess
all the time 24/7 we're like constantly
moving things around so we are taking a
break and before we get started on that
other wall we're gonna go grab some
Dindin that okay that I called it didn't
I don't think I've ever called it denden
in my life you should avoid it until we
have a baby yeah yeah
start talking baby talk to each other -
we got her dewy chatter guess we're
simpler are
I love scissor because they have the
best salad bar aboard my favorite thing
at salad bars is these like little tiny
corn things you can eat on my little
corn like
sooo that's what weird people like me do
and Missy of course loves their cheese
bread because she loves anything bread
there's nothing really it's like it's
like baked into it somehow I don't know
how they do it
yeah and it's all like soft and buttery
it was really hot sure is it okay yeah
oh I'm just a little bear just a little
gummy bear that's a little got in there
Oh what just looks yummy I stole a bunch
of gummy bears well I didn't steal I
mean technically I paid for these from
sizzler and now we're gonna see how many
Cassie can catch in her mouth you ready
oh she did it
Cassie come on we do die did you get it
yeah yeah oh my oh wait I have two more
did you get that one two three two one
no ah karma got it
how many is that - out of like 12
doesn't make it up here's one here give
me em they're clean
okay ready oh you got it
ahahaha you guys we just moved the
dresser over here and look what I found
it's my Harry Potter bookmark Nimbus
2000 wonder how old I was when I got
this maybe 15 15 years old and I still
have it
I thought the Nimbus 2000 was the shiz
and then of course the Nimbus 2001 came
out so Missy's getting this all taped up
she's gonna do this pink or this blue
just like over there and I am going to
continue this color you can actually
almost see the real color now it turns
gray it literally is like a brown and
then it turns gray in the camera let's
let it adjust and see there it is watch
it change color is a change nope now
it's staying with that color okay wait
there it is notice there it is changing
color he sees not so weird we see it
changes color in the camera but I'm just
getting ready and then I was like oh hey
Missy where are those screwdrivers and
we do not know look at this mess it
looks like we're in an episode of
Hoarders right now
have it once good excuse me I'm sorry
excuse you bless you bless you you don't
do excuse me I excused myself well you
guys look at twin Missy this is those
two of you which one's the real which
one do you guys think is the real Missy
right now so over here is where we have
the super super old microwave we've
barely even use it maybe use it two
times and with you it's not very good
either yeah it doesn't really do its job
very well so anyways we're trying to
think of what we could do in instead
like maybe something something that'd be
more useful um basically it's just on
like a little plywood yeah we have any
piece of ply well it's not tiny it's
maybe like a foot and a half long yeah I
mean hold a microwave you can fit some
and it's very durable and we've got like
a window basically into the that area
cause you're anything messy yeah it's
gotta look nice whatever's over here
yeah I was thinking something for the
baby some sort of storage we have you
know what I had a great idea what well
we're taking up this space over here for
all of our like we put tons of like art
um blow dryers straightener like oh I
got some stuff all of a through stuff
can go right here I mean I'm afraid I'd
be messy
I don't we have to figure out a way to
organize it on that shelf thing yeah
somehow maybe even put curtains here
that might be weird I don't know but
something I don't want to be looking at
our closet yeah and I don't want to be
looking at whatever's here and you don't
want to go in the closet and be little
more thank you oh that's peach me
nothing yeah we usually have a lamp
there that holds all our bathroom stuff
that's gonna be gone yeah so we're gonna
need this okay that might be a good idea
why don't you guys leave in the in the
comments and suggestions of what we can
put here and if you think our idea is
good of the bathroom stop like how we
can present it to make it look nice cuz
this is very unique
it is and I just don't be looking at
this stuff yeah so yeah that's
interesting I never even thought about
changing that out no why is just like oh
I room come to the microwave okay so I
just
finished my very first coat on this wall
and I ran out of paint and it's like 10
o'clock at night so I'm gonna make a
quick trip to Walmart because it's 10
o'clock you didn't know it was 10
o'clock it's 10 o'clock at night and
we're trying to finish so I got a run
and I gotta get paint you need paint and
you want some brushes and edgers and
more paint and more paint so we have to
finish this look at our room it's like a
mess I can't make it better I gotta go
get more pain mmm so I'm getting ready
to take a shower but I thought I would
go ahead and erase a couple names really
quick which of course I started this
without even having a eraser with me you
don't know what we're doing we have all
kinds of names on our chalkboard above
our bed and one of these names is our
little boys name so on what we're doing
is every single night we're erasing one
two maybe three if we're feeling crazy
of the names and and basically it's
serving as a countdown until we reveal
his actual name so right now I'm gonna
go ahead and erase one now I don't know
if anyone has ever even has even
mentioned it but going to erase this
little name DJ that was not his name and
I don't know if DJ's even a really aname
I think if it was a name it would be
like yeah but his name was probably
Daniel James or like Daniel jr. or his
probably not on his first trip although
my cousin CJ that is his name
CJ it is not anything but CJ that's all
adversity but it does stand for Clifford
James but it does not it's not his like
a tougher James is not his actual name
he's an actual name is CJ so it's kind
of funny I'm gonna go ahead and race one
more because Bryan's busy painting he's
going crazy over there
I don't know okay um I'm gonna go ahead
and erase another one
okay I'm gonna race um Caleb I think a
lot of you oh really yeah
I'm sorry to anyone who loves that name
crush I know I hate crushing your guys's
James Oh someone actually said that
we're revealing the name on Saturday
what I wonder if that's this is wholly
next not this Saturday with the next
Saturday right Oh maybe I'm not sure
it's like two weeks
that's me crazy okay I cannot wait to
tell you guys though it's give me so
much fun all right so I'm gonna go get
ready for bed
probably lasts till policy of me since
I'm gonna go to sleep but Brian will be
up too late uh painting holy crap it's
1:15 in the morning I had no idea I've
literally been painting for like three
hours straight Missy actually sleeping
in the living room because I had to have
the lights on but I just had so much to
finish in here and I did not want to go
to bed without at all unfinished so I
finally just finished with this corner
and I think I'm done now well I'm not
done because I have a huge mess to clean
up all this to put back and put away I
have to put all the little covers on the
walls and Wow insane night really really
really busy night one thing before I end
the vlog real fast you guys last night
after we were all done filming and Missy
went to bed and I was just importing
footage I saw someone commented about
these things called G diapers and so I
went to the website and I'm literally
like hooked like I think they are so
cool and the thing is like they're super
simple and they have the disposable
inserts which we probably won't use like
full-time but they'll be nice like if
we're going out but I love that they're
super simple if any of you guys have
used G diapers comment below and let us
know what your experience has been like
we may
only want to do cloth inserts but the
cloth inserts that they actually sell on
the website are like so expensive but
they say you can actually use your own
cloth inserts if they fit the right size
if you used your own cloth inserts let
us know what you guys like what brand or
if you made your own or how you did it
because I mean these are cool they're
super nice and it'd be something that
we're definitely looking forward to
investing for when we cloth diaper come
on we have a very very important
doctor's appointment it's actually
another Anatomy scan at our high risk
please keep us in your prayers it's so
stressful being in that room as they're
looking at everything and they had found
some things last time we did it so
they're just checking up on that seeing
if maybe some of it has corrected itself
and see you know how everything looks so
please be praying for us about that
super nerve-wracking so it's it's
literally 119 now I need to go to bed
and do a little bit um thank you guys
for watching we will see you tomorrow
bye and this is my wife all day every
day there's our stuff
please she looks hot our little car oh
we have to pick out my window straight
up all the way to the car
yeah
