Gabanna bye bye bye bye bye bye bye Oh
one day
having a birthday hey guys so I am
getting ready for work and I'm really
excited because today is my new schedule
so that's super exciting I'm running
late as usual that's pretty much my life
in the morning I can never get home
Brian he should be getting up soon he
has actually coming by work and do work
Brian say hi he was a very deep sleeper
he doesn't wake up for anything so I'm
headed to Missy's work this morning I'm
headed to do some head shots of some new
employees and some new pictures of the
older employees and we're kind of just
both like still exhausted from yesterday
ah it's such a fun day but it just like
took a lot out of us and stayed up last
night and I edited the vlog and we all
watched it together and it was just so
much fun I loved it I've already I've
already watched it three times alright
so I'm just not leaving Missy's work I
just did like some simple little head
shots for their employees but she is
starving I thought she's gonna eat so I
got to run and get her some food and of
course the only thing she wants is
jack-in-the-box
so she's pregnant I'm not gonna argue
with him so I just got done making a
deposit and Missy called me and told me
to come over to this jack-in-the-box cuz
I think she stopped here she's all done
so I'm gonna go meet here add this
jack-in-the-box and that car seriously
just hit me
they were like right behind me
hey pretty lady what's that tada and now
you don't want jack-in-the-box I just
did so I feels like a terrible person
eating this crap it was fun for making
me eat this crap you know how hard it is
find something like healthy no it's
really bad I feel like I should
better look I wanted water and it's pink
well I don't know can you really see
it's pretty pink and robot I don't looks
clear it looks clear in the video but
its teeth nothing makes it looking no oh
wait not a little bit that might be just
me the back yeah it comes on with a
punch thing kind of taste like fruit
punch I got my usual at Subway it is
simply a turkey sandwich on white bread
with mayo
that's a bit it's Turkey and mayo that's
all she ever get it's the weirdest thing
people are like nothing else no that's
it I don't really like lettuce and oh
that's why I don't like going to Subway
so like a waste of money you pay good
money for a sandwich with tons of stuff
on it and I get very clean turkey
sandwich so did you see that lady
walking down the street well she was
like in a jumpsuit like she was jogging
and like power walking and she was
smoking a cigarette at the same time
it's not kind of like defeating the
purpose hey you supposed to be walking
walking
come here come on
1 2 I don't know seconds the step come
on oh poor baby I'm sure that Jessica
has done worse
good yeah are you smiling I know we're
gonna be good to smiley you got me in
the mouth apparently I'm applauding here
it's like clap for me yellow baby bug
baby vlog the camera cool huh you're
doing really good huh boo
she just wants it she won't let it go
she's like a phone
should I just pull it down in the middle
well we want to leave a little Fleck on
the walls here's something to remember
the party body there it'll be there
it'll flip the pin up will remand will
remember forever fine it might have took
some paint with it they're so festive
boy look at all this ah excuse me
go get my prescription I just burped
oestrus ah let's keep going to you oh
yeah what you know like that we'll take
it all from the trash go take it off the
trash going what's in there oh this
frisbee
yeah you're like stove into it all right
you cleaned up that's so nice of you oh
yeah you know anything you ever need me
to do we're doctor I'm not very good
yeah I'll go all your air out and then
Gabanna bye-bye bye-bye bye-bye bye-bye
well I oh I think I'm gonna pass out
really dizzy again how am i Michael
voice I never got a head wrap from
helium like that really yeah maybe it's
cuz it's super fresh helium yeah
normally yesterday
yeah normally we like do it once it's
been oh this is feels like kind of
sparkly and my body's all cold and
tingly Pharrell
it's weird who's weird Missy's mom found
this welcome sign and look it has Leo on
it it's so cute that is crazy
do you wanna go for a walk
tree I don't remember Leo posing for
that
do you remember posing for this picture
leo is he's addicted to cheese
bad person she felt guilty about Emma
the baby wants what the baby wants
I'm calling on you this e is a dirty run
no that's not water she has Pro water
Cup and she filled it with lemonade I
needed a swallow of lemonade yeah I'm
sorry
just a swallow so I just got done with
my aunt's house Bryan used the Blendtec
and to make the hummus and actually I'll
show you this is kind of what it looks
like
obviously it's kind of dark but see
smells funky but hopefully he likes it
cuz he spent a lot of time working on it
so did you guys get a look at look at it
though yeah it looks almost like cookie
dough no no it's not like cookie dough
though so oh my god
actually kind of smells like peanuts oh
it's very gross but I don't ever like
hummus so it's not like it this smells
gross like I just don't like hummus so
Bryan just ran into the store and he is
grabbing something for dinner hopefully
we will be in bed soon because I am
exhausted so okay guys so we used
Missy's aunt's blender Kashia the
Blendtec and it's super nice and it will
basically do anything so I made my
hummus at her house and it did like the
consistency is really good on the
texture really good it looks just like
normal hummus but I just think that stop
this tahini like really that's like all
I smell no it just smells different but
I'm gonna try it
a little bit here oh yeah that was Oh
like I can taste like the normal taste
but this stuff the tahini is just gross
I can tell that this would actually have
good flavor if it wasn't for this being
so overwhelming it's just way too strong
I'm really bummed because it like looks
perfect and it has like the perfect
creamy texture thing but I can't do it I
can't eat this alright guys so miss you
sleep in Tillman and the vlog in here
did want to bring up something really
cool which I think will bring up in
tomorrow's vlog we have like a little
idea just a way to interact with you
guys and do some funny things so I think
that'll be really cool so make sure you
watch tomorrow's vlog so you can
definitely see that if you guys haven't
seen the gender-reveal video it's going
crazy I think it's almost 4000 views and
like almost 500 likes like it's insane
thank you guys so much for that I mean
that's all that's all you guys so thank
you guys so much for that just so cool
like the messages we're getting from
people you know congratulating us and
telling us they're expecting us onto
that's super cool that's all we got guys
thanks for watching the daily bumps and
we will see you tomorrow ahh oh my god
that got crazy fast little blue piece I
mean it's a boy
