my hand oh my god okay he's gonna hurt
yourself
oh yeah
having a birthday hello bumpers so this
morning we have the kids here today and
they are all watching a movie well I
clean and brian has been editing all
morning but now he's taking a shower
Missy hi hey sleepy huh hey well we have
three kids up one kids sleeping and you
sleeping okay guys so busy just handed
me my socks put away in my drawer and I
guess she's been doing a little bit of
nesting look at this
she sorted she hold up my belt she
sorted my my short socks and my long
socks like who does I just throw them
all on a pile by now she's like getting
organized and stuff it's been bugging
you will not get I'm sure I'll be
unorganized in a week she put all of my
camera and like shooting stuff in this
little chest which matches that big one
next to the TV so now I have all my
camera guy in here out of the way so
that's like look at it cuz it was just
sitting behind the TV and and so that's
cool and it'll stay like it'll be like
dust free in there too which is really
really important I love this nesting
thing you're doing is it my you nesting
right that's what's happening especially
I really want to start painting so I
want things that's like the true sign is
painting right I wanna paint and so I
wanna like get things organized because
I painting always makes everything so
yeah there's a murderer in our house
just kidding we're gonna take out the
shelves in this thing so we can use it
to hang clothes go get them take them
out
do it come in half
yeah I got what everywhere yeah covered
in what yeah
is that we get stuck doing you're so
grateful with that saw like Jesus Jesus
was a woodworker carpenter yeah yeah why
can't we just pray for the shelves to be
claw Jesus was a carpenter you could do
it yeah there we go
cool yeah need can I do that one no are
you videoing me I'm my soul is slowly
dying right now
I've just never seen you on a regular PC
it's very hard to navigate yes
everything is not as smooth you have a
hard time with the computing machine
yeah what is this like there's button
you actually have to click yeah I just
like touch it and it knows and now I got
it
oh look at non now I don't know what I'm
it's broken I broke it okay you guys
know that massage that Macy got she's
gonna oh wait you guys have wood on you
would wear everywhere okay yeah that
massager that Missy got the
weird-looking massager
Missy's going to massage me with it and
I'm gonna give you a first-hand account
of what it feels like
go ahead go ahead Missy oh oh oh oh oh
okay okay let's go oh okay what the hell
restore massager reaction right here
okay hmm nice and light okay good who
kind of feels good okay oh wow it's just
it's like a torture device it pricks
your skin it makes you bleed my bleeding
nope it's you got little marks up you
really do this thing is not safe if
good when you're doing it light but it's
just so easy to over dude over pressure
okay so we got this huge package in the
mail today along with a bunch of other
stuff and we're like freaking out we're
so excited to open it I'm gonna open
this one the baby's going to love this
this is like our favorite thing ever and
the dog sorry okay let's not do it it's
just one this one oh no the dog's name
for yourself Nina start shaking surprise
camera one two three say cheese
haha so cute daddy's a photographer
that's so cool
who is this from this is from baby is
all ready for vlogging oh yeah
baby's first camera congratulations from
one expected family to another from
subscriber Melissa in Minnesota Channel
Lisa MN 81 thank you guys so much that
is so cool and there's also something
else
what is this bears baby laptop it's like
its first laptop
ah-oh teaches numbers shapes sounds and
pretend play that's so cool it's not a
Mac but we'll make an exception it is so
cute thank you so much Melissa and Lisa
MN 81 you guys are awesome I think we're
gonna have just as much fun playing with
this as the baby is that is realized so
there is like his first toys
when she wrote a super-sweet uh what is
this poem type burn like a poem about
baby boys and their gift from God it was
really cool see it's still going right
Missy congratulations on baby boy
landing I wrote this poem for your
little angel on what is a baby boy all
your hopes and joys wrapped in a blue
wrapped in blue this love I have for you
is on so true I can't wait to play catch
with you a son is God's greatest gift to
you all the best to all of you love Tara
alright so this one is from Angie this
is another viewer of ours is this one
from Canada right through this barrier
oh I'm sorry if I tear your package Oh
grandma's little monster that's super
cute oh I like this yeah that's that's
nice
mommy's little monkey coz monkeys always
win
don't let them fool you I'm the I'm the
one really in charge and little brother
oh I really like this one
because karma is his big brother I like
I like the baseball style you know
Congrats on your rainbow baby rainbows
are the understanding that the beauty of
a rainbow does not negate the ravages of
the storm hugs
Angie from the letters to Laila and
that's her baby oh so cute Thank You
Angie so this is Angie from Canada she
has a website letters to Leia calm or is
it ca or calm that's right your hand is
Sta
okay oh she has an website letters to
Leia CA we'll put it in the description
but um she vlogs sort of about her past
experiences as well and congratulations
to your little rainbow baby though this
her she's adorable
her name is Ryder it was six pounds
eight ounces
I can 1/2 inches long thank you guys so
much for sending us stuff I mean you
don't have to do that but it is really
really cool opening our field box and
seeing stuff in there so thank you guys
so much that's awesome man these closers
and now we have oh yeah I really like
that little of all you reminds me of the
monsters from monsters neat mm-hmm which
is like one of my favorite Pixar movies
yeah so cute it was like they're all
newborn too so this will help for my
newborn set so we're at Target now Missy
really wants to get a yoga ball and I
think that would actually be really cool
from my computer desk it's becoming
bikini season every time we walk in
every single time we walked into target
last summer it was are you a new bikini
who you've never got me a bikini one
time I got you a bikini and the next
time we came in I need a new bikini I
don't really like the one you got me
they like hold the food whoa wait why
don't I be really close
what kind of media shall we I mean I
don't know and it also catches any food
that you see told me that Targa actually
has cloth diapers too so we're trying to
find some but not having much luck holds
this is all we could find these are just
prefilled what does that mean like the
things that go in there or they're just
cloths that are pretty I really like a
full flush and of like you know like
designed cloth diapers and stuff
the guy who showed us sometimes they
change it yeah I think we can get some
in stores and so now I'll just actually
have to purchase them online I think
someone said when I asked for cloth
diapers I heard from another sound you
oh really because I think the first
reaction would make your hot diapering
they just think good yeah whoa it's like
made out of cardboard we found it yay we
got very distracted by baby stuff really
spent a lot of time is this a good one
though you want blue yeah I think blue
is good I like the green one too though
a lot of blah blah blah if you guys
don't know we're huge Justin Bieber fans
I don't know what we say huge not yeah
huge I would buy a book with neon
colored pictures on yeah lame and I'd
rather go to a Justin Timberlake concert
than a beaver I really go to a Taylor
Swift concert than a beaver
yeah what you've already done okay so
the phone is not the fun the camera is
literally about to die Brian weirdo but
we were in Target for like a really long
time and now the camera is about to die
so Barney's just running in to get us
something for dinner and then we're
headed home I really wanted to buy paint
for the babies from today so I'm hoping
that we can still do that but it's
starting to get late I want to I want to
at least do a little bit of the baby's
room tomorrow
cries blowing up my yoga ball I don't
know if this it's working if you can
just use this I literally haven't looked
down since I started seeing money the
ball song yeah Ricki we good hey wait
whoa how long do I have rock-hard ABS do
you like it what do you mean you don't
get the point
keep your back well I think your body
like well you balance yourself on it and
your body body starts using muscles that
it doesn't know it it can use or
something like that you don't get bounce
on it
so I'm using the yoga ball we got today
in front of my computer and it's
actually like the perfect high EC this
Missy we are going over color because
Missy is super impatient really wants to
paint and we are trying to figure out
sort of a design to do for the wall that
the cribs going to go against and I
actually threw this together really fast
in Photoshop so it's like got the the
light colors on the top like that and
then darker put darker color on the
bottom and the crown molding on the top
and the bottom this wall right here and
the crib would go against it hey I'd
have to be just like a solid because we
have the window there's we can't do
stripes there so we want to pick a light
color for our side too to lighten it up
we also want to completely clash with
the nasty green carpet yeah but we have
like a slack and white thing going which
I totally didn't realize what we do is
we have this poster we have our black
and white friend poster which we love
and a lot of people actually always
comment about and then we have three big
photos of us when we were on our
honeymoon and I just miss II dig into
the sand
poor baby yeah I mean we can get big
pictures and then even this is like a
basket yeah and then are our records
well we do have our like vintage records
we even have a record with a mustache
check that out I think I've ever showed
you guys that and it says epic we have a
lot of black and white oh and our key
we love our key we actually scored this
on a thrift store for like five bucks
and it's awesome it fell as soon as we
got it and so I had to clue it I really
just want to do a flip right hand oh my
god okay
is this something my name what should we
erase guys ask them what's been one that
no one has said I'm gonna go ahead and
race one that I don't think has been
very popular it's Kyle
no Kyle okay someone said this today
I'm sorry person who commented in
yesterday's daily someone commented and
they said team Sam no Sam
bye Sam do you remember what we named
him yeah but I'm still afraid of like
erasing someone's kid's name oh that's
true that's true
no don't like it we didn't name that I'm
not erase one of the big names that are
on here okay I'm going to go for Clayton
Clayton it's not Clayton I kind of like
though like where a name we used to be
you know kind of shows like what we be
raised in what we've kept and don't just
tell him what the name is no tell um
make my pretty video on it but alright
guys I hope you have a great day
that's the bone does not mean that was
the ball rubbing against the bed I hope
you guys had a great day oh I wanted to
say something yesterday I thought of
this phrase and I was going to say at
the end of yesterday's video and I
totally forgot I came up with this new
phrase okay
it's vlog till you drop because
yesterday we literally logged until we
dropped right I feel like I need to put
that on a shirt or something blog till
he drops today was definitely a vlog
till you drop day cuz I mean Missy's in
bed and I'm tired so we're vlogging till
you drop all day or a day we're like
bouncing in a gap Eber I'm not gonna
like your rolling so it's like go again
and I'm in a now ah so we're gonna go to
bed now we really need to go I'm sorry I
just keep this balls just like this is
gonna be I don't know okay
all right guys we will see you tomorrow
bike the goats are loving this loving
all the kids get this scary guy it's
scary looking through that hair like
straight out of the 80s
you think he'd sing for some punk band
look at this one scratch of this back
leg
