oh the joys of parenting okay
oh yeah
they're having a boy babe good morning
bumpers it's another early money for me
I'm headed to go take care of the kids
again
Missy's just rolling the bed but she's
gonna go see a chiropractor today or try
and get an appointment at least and I
think we want to take the kids to the
dairy so that they can feed the animals
hey guys so I woke up today in an extra
good mood not only did Brian let me
sleep a little bit which was amazing
I woke up with nearly no back pain so
I'm super happy about that but I still
do have an appointment with my
chiropractor yay I'm so excited for that
in 30 minutes
so I'm getting ready to leave for that
first my dad just got home from a long
night of working and he wants some eggs
so I'm gonna make him some eggs I don't
know if you guys have noticed at all but
I don't really cook very often I don't
really think I'm very good at it and I
often burn things but I just tried to
make a and this is what happened the
yolk broke
I mean juicy I got ready to try why do I
even try come up what do you want your
ball C why are you gonna you can get it
yourself all right so I'm headed to the
chiropractor and I'm going to try and
there I'm not very good when it comes to
stuff like that because I'm just more
shy than frightened but my mom is with
me so I'm going to have her hold the
camera and try and fall yeah cuz that
would be I think something really
interesting for us to see them like
crack me and put me back into place so
that should be interesting that I am
working I'm hoping that he hasn't hurt
me I'm kind of I'm like goals exciting
like I've always dreamt of going to the
chiropractor because I just I'm cell
phone crashing person every single bone
in my body literally cracks but I'm also
really nervous I'm afraid he's gonna
hurt me and my back is actually feeling
quite good that I don't want him to hurt
my back more and refer to it again and
so
now I'm hoping that it goes good and I
have to hope so just a little hole right
that is my belly like hanging hmm for
too long well that just goes baby okay
so your face is gonna go here your feet
are gonna hang off the end at any time
if you're uncomfortable of feeling
uncomfortable please let me know scoot
down a tiny bit more there you go really
weird sit on my belly I know you don't
need to be worried believe me baby's got
a lots of fluid around him so he'll be
safe and sound but I know what you mean
your yeah it's not normal I use leg
light to determine what I'm going to
adjust you're gonna feel me like this on
your feet and lifting quite a bit and
I'm just going to put gentle pressure
into the spine okay normally get a lot
more explanation with that but I know
you're nervous about laying on tummy and
stuff so I don't want to leave you here
too long
so all I'm looking for is a change in
your leg length to tell me I need to
adjust in that spot is basically all it
is so I'm going to start right here on
your tailbone that's my thumb
that's the activator it just feels small
and pulse not too bad right yep all
right we're going to do some low low
back adjustments okay so right here on
the left and this is like almost kind of
like a tweak or a pinch so that's going
to give you some nerve irritation and
that's going to make muscles around it
really really tight so we'll clear those
so hopefully they don't get too tight
all right and so the discomfort that you
were having was a left-sided right side
I'm sorry for guys saying okay so mainly
through this whole area I'd say a little
bit lower down but yeah like there okay
that's just baby reminding you he's in
there yeah
how you been sleeping been okay been
able to find a comfortable position or I
got a pillow okay one of the big old man
oughta Chalmers leachco back in back
back in a baby okay good good she was
having a lot of hip pain okay like hip
hip up here oh yeah
I'll look at those alright so we're
gonna get three ribs you're going to
have lots of discomfort below for pretty
much the whole pregnancy because that's
where yeah it's where it's all getting
prepared all right and me too
it's probably just because of that hit
being out we'll call these work-related
I'm just leaving all right this one's
going to be center of your neck it might
be a little bit tender just because the
bones really superficial but that one's
a headache generator so I'll take care
of that so we don't come
all right so that's pretty easy huh and
too bad it was definitely not what I was
expecting I was expecting like a bone
cracking like adjustment kind of thing
and she literally that's all she did was
used that activator on to I guess put my
spine back into alignment I thought it
was obviously it didn't hurt at all and
um
I don't know if it helped at all
actually I have a great about headache
right now because of something something
like when she did it on my neck that's
when it started hurting and actually my
muscles in my back was trying to hurt so
I know which I think is somewhat normal
because she just moved things and now my
muscles might be kind of like what the
heck but I don't know I'm very kind of
confused I don't know what she did at
all I really don't so I just walked in
the house again and this is her sleeping
it legs even hanging up this is just
hilarious I'm gonna attempt I wish I
could obviously yeah I wish I could
sleep like that oh my god one honour
feel it's always mmm see I could
actually hear not good even both yeah
and it's not you probably easier with
her sleeping though yeah cuz when she's
awake she actually knows how to put on
shoes so she's moving her yeah I like
that yeah all right God works nicely
that's wrong too
I think they're smiling already look at
that spot oh my god
okay so I'm walking into the bathroom
and I hear a weird sound Oh what is that
I think we might have left the water
running Chloe we should did a very very
vigorous
hand washing procedure so that's why the
waters running all right let's go come
on there's not lunch right we know about
lunch now of them we're gonna go pick up
CJ now because we thought he might have
fun with these ones our numbers have
grown
what up Yee
oh I'm sorry I forgot as if we didn't
have enough kids what up buddy good cool
CJ just said he wants to be one of those
guys when you oh we can't really see
there's a big construction truck
he said he wants to be one of those guys
ha CJ you won't be one of those guys
when you grow up what do you like about
it because they all work and I work with
my pop oh because he plays the drugs
with his papa there's like the cutest
thing ever
I can totally see Jade CCJ driving that
thing one day she does that look fun
right there look at he's pounding all
the dirt they all have to hold hands
when they're in the parking and they
just like reached for a job he's just
like grab seat in here so funny oh can
you get it
help help help holy how old are you 4
years old how are you
4 auntie how do you for you guys are all
four guys miss Isabella me and she is
now somewhere in that contraption
playing with the kids
well there you are did you go down the
slide yeah I don't think I've been in
one of those since I was like
and I remember I didn't I didn't really
go in them after ten cuz then at ten I
got I turn into a fatty
oh the joys of parenting so who do you
guys like better Brian and Missy with
kids or without kids what do you guys
enjoy watching I hate to say it but if
you like vitamin C without kids and you
only got like six more months and then
you guys stop watching a box cuz you'll
just be annoyed all the time why they
have a can't because we're having thick
it makes it no but she's pregnant we're
actually baby
Leah's try to get up there now water
look at this you guys this is the crown
that CJ was wing it's like socked in
sweat oh they're having a blast
Hey
I was trying to get CJ's car seat back
here it's getting pretty quick and runs
in ladybugs tight we're really waiting
for Kaylee we're gonna add one more
party yeah but you know when we have
kids we'll probably will go below be
doing extended rear-facing so but for
now this is just how they do it so we're
just respecting what other parents want
for their kids but uh yeah but we do
plan to extend extended rear-facing no
mercy
all right so we are now at a local dairy
where you can like feed the animals and
they have really good chocolate milk
we're just taking all the kids little
rooster running around the park now look
at this guy forever ever ever
look how pretty their colors are though
blue and green fern get me food
what what yup just kidding did he lick
your hand CJ yeah
I fight he ate it all huh yeah CJ peetam
forgot gum gum oh cool it all the goats
are loving this loving all the kids look
at this scary guy he is scary-looking
Hey oh here's me talking about him can
you do that hair it's like straight out
of the 80s
you think he'd sing for some punk band
look at this one
scratch of this back like that oh my
gosh do you guys know is crazy this is
the main reason to come here
chocolate milk they have the best
chocolate and I just asked her and she
actually was like yeah the calories
because it's actually whole milk I mean
we're out of dairy but um the kids like
kidding so it's gonna pop them up
they're now at the point where they're
requesting this we get into the van I
scream thank you guys
oh all right are we done that's a good
way to get sweaty hello baby I missed
her hi Billy
so we are now in the process of filming
lessees bump date what we were but she
can't find the tape measure thing that
she's is to mention belly oh did you
find it still have not found it friends
in Dana's like five minutes this is so
hard to roll oh I actually got pretty
far and then dropped it I was distracted
by this beautiful creature I'm gonna see
what I'm using because I ran out of
ultrasound stuff oh yeah oh my gosh busy
and it works
not very well isn't it that's it it's
just not really a lot of I can't tell ya
the other gel like almost one egg no
find it so yeah we just finished filming
Missy's bump date and now we are going
to erase some names from the name reveal
chalkboard okay so you're gonna do the
first one I need to choose one yeah
well I guess you get to not choose one
because that means we didn't choose it
yeah all right which one will it be
I'm gonna go with Ethan what we did not
name him eat no I thought we named him
Ethan his name's not even know there you
go I went to school with someone named
Ethan and he wasn't a very cool day if I
didn't know you got it no they don't
know
okay okay I'm into two I'm an erase Paul
no Paul yeah we didn't name the Paul
I'll be almost all in all these names
are ones that we thought about yeah or
either I didn't like oh yeah thank
seconds there's someone here I really
did not want but there is another one
just for fun okay well that means you
gotta go
working on our video okay this is gonna
be like okay we are going to okay okay
here's one
okay a lot of people have actually been
saying this but I'm gonna make a race
Oscar okay it reminds me when I have a
vision of something then you can't ever
name your kid dot but actually a lot
because like I said about Ethan like
yeah if we think of a name and I
immediately think of the person I went
to high school with where I'm like yeah
this never works you can't get over it
you just can never get over it so a lot
of these names we one of us liked and
wanted it but we had like this like
weird issue when we first thought of it
and like first reactions never go away I
guess this is a countdown and this means
that he's gonna get working on our name
reveal video oh my goodness he erases
any more than he's gonna have it need to
have it done in a week alright guys well
I think that's all we have for today we
had a very long and busy crazy day but
we really hope the vlog doesn't turn out
to be thirty minutes long I told her
uses the edited there's a lot of stuff I
know that I when I went through this I
think there's like a hundred clips from
today probably a hundred kids hundred
clips of the kids that's crazy well yeah
he just needs to edit it down I just I
don't like it when they're super super
long so um I hope you guys enjoyed it
though and we will see you guys tomorrow
tomorrow wait what's your girl I think
mom hey Irene any whining tomorrow I
believe I'm gonna call you tomorrow
but I actually have to give like a
really big important speech yes it's a
big day tomorrow but I get it I'm so I'm
my gosh I'm sorry if I was speak in
front of anyone I'm gonna be a nervous
wreck
yeah he he's not like when he was in
college and he had to do like speaking
he would like shake and oh and this is
like and this is my own tiny ones before
alright guys well I think that's it I
hope you guys enjoyed it
we'll see you tomorrow doakes's high
five
isn't this thing awesome you gonna play
this again oh okay we'll play again who
you got frozen gift well Anthony got 68
stuff yeah
