I lost him I actually lost the kid oh my
god I lost him in chucky cheese oh my
gosh I cannot find em okay I'm gonna get
okay
Oh
they're having a boy bed good morning
guys it's really early it's like 6:00
something I'm about to head over to my
friend's house I actually promised him
while he's out of town and his wife is
at work that I had watched our kids and
you sort of see them on the blogs they
have four kids so should be interesting
Missy's about to get up because she has
to go to work
maybe supposed to be getting up are you
gonna wake up there's all the names
which one do you think it is I actually
woke up this morning and I checked our
YouTube and I was like oh crap why is
the new vlog I already have views cuz
normally I put it up at night and I let
it I schedule it so that it goes up at
noon like it's supposed to but it went
into everyone's feeds like really really
early this morning so if you're
wondering why the vlog was super early
that was why but it's so fun to like go
through all the comments already and
just see like what everyone thinks we
need the baby I am way too early look at
this there's like frost on the windows
even never seen up before it's really
sad I've never seen that before
wouldn't miss he gets off work she's
gonna swing by and I guess help me
but it should be interesting with three
kids and diapers and I guess I just try
to think of it all as training because
you know I'm gonna there are times where
I'm gonna be watching our baby alone and
I'm gonna have to change diapers and and
figure out why they're screaming and
crying and this is kind of like an
advanced level because there's three
kids and a baby instead of just a baby
so I figure if I can do this then pretty
much do anything so all the kids just
ate some cereal and they're all so
polite you guys are all so polite you
know that you just jump up on the table
and start eating then clean up after
yourself
yeah he has a little monkey mom Leah
Leah will you hear you by Kaylee have a
good day at school
can you get it it still will open it's a
large children Zuri's car on Leah stop
and go pee say go go she's so smart say
your own she's already talking sighs
it's too stressful
oh you have to you have to find a shape
worthy close yourself oh no oh no it
goes in the new one
oh no I'm never good at this huh this is
so stressful
oh no okay okay okay okay okay
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my
gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh
kostik right here right here at you
running out of time I'm running out of
time back okay perfect and fine we go
you guys
this is like every babysitter's worst
nightmare the remote from hell
seriously what is I don't even know
where to begin
look you guys it's our vlog on this huge
TV like it's on a real TV show huh
that's really cool
Chloe where are you clear are you ah
that's a scary mask huh daddy man this
is a mask your mom wore in the Harlem
shake
ah the do the Harlem shake like sure who
is that
it's Missy you look really good in my
camera well actually you look very pale
he kind of looks like a vampire just
watching the kids is your back really
hurting Oh would you one second I'm
gonna juggle four okay it is snack time
just getting some snacks for the kids we
a little nap while watching Cloudy with
a Chance of Meatballs and Lea is out
like a light
look how she sleeps actually really
funny there's yours okay okay this is
how she falls asleep
Lia's snoring do you guys want something
to drink
got some juice dad in training right
here you guys Jews tab Jews time Tuesday
boom
alright you two get your drink on you
have a designated driver right you guys
are over 21 right do you guys get any of
my jokes do you get any of my jokes do
you think I'm silly what Zeus well great
um can you throw it up in the air and
catch it let's see me do it you think I
can do it
you ready I'm this let me try again let
me check it watch this watch this
oh yeah hey big girl young fun
let's go it is such a beautiful day so
we're trying to mix around the block and
I got a little Lea back there yeah
you're my temper she
I think I'm really rocking this pre dad
thing we are running now to grab some
lunch for Missy who is dying of
starvation I imagine this is how it's
gonna be riding around with my kids
blasting JT singing it dancing what do
you want baby I can't understand you
speak English I got your shoes on yay
high five
the kids are begging me to take them to
Chuck E Cheese and then a Chuckie Cheese
commercial comes on doesn't really help
much so I just got off work and we are
officially a family my three kids I
guess we just jump started our lives and
we have a minivan so awesome vegans
myself yeah
say hi Leah hey wait she really should
say hi that guy just picked up his son
from school through a helmet on him and
then threw him on the back of his bike
that is so cool I want to be able to do
that with our son pick him up from first
grade put on a motorcycle there's
another one just pick up their kid from
elementary school and throw him on a
motorcycle I mean that's pretty cool
they got to be like the coolest kids in
school right picking up Kaylee
got a new book from the book fair no I
got $5.00 where we going okie dokie
cheese here we come this is awesome home
what we got how's this thing work you
want to carry around in the stroke-like
push around on the stroller heckle okay
can you get it these things you can push
yeah what's this button do
don't it twist did you see that maybe
that's something they're just there
they're happy they're nice I'm friendly
come on come on it's okay see he's nice
you see he's very nice he's not gonna
hurt you hid your eye get closer and
then these are his friends he want to do
this one how many tokens is it just one
that's for you that's for you
where's yours at notice - for you have
fun yeah I saw it I was like I want to
play it's rooted in John this huge TV
don't get the bump
Oh
it's really cool actually go oh oh
high-five isn't this thing awesome you
wanna play this again oh okay we'll play
a game whoo you got it frozen
get up get up three well Anthony got 16
so yeah
she said hit it oh and keep going
where's that
what is that him
Anthony over here
Anthony is that you
ahem
I lost him
I actually lost a kid oh my god I lost
him in chuck-e-cheese oh my gosh I
cannot find him oh there you are
Anthony
my bad but
so we officially just got home and I'm
gonna timing down for a minute my bag I
can't believe this this is crazy this is
craziness back stuff going on here I'm
gonna I am making it a point with a
chiropractor hopefully I'll be going
tomorrow I said to find one that I want
and then go for it and hopefully they
have an appointment but that's my plan
is to do that tomorrow someone else's
suggest to me um or my friend suggested
that I go buy one of these little Rolly
things from Target which I really want
to do but I can't even get like the
strength up to go get the thing so I'm
gonna try and relax and take some
pressure off my back for a while and
then see if maybe we can go later I
still gotta do my bump date which I
really want to do hopefully we can do
that soon Brian is doing some works he's
on a work call right now but hopefully
we can get that going because I know a
lot of pain busy busy day with the kids
that was pretty insane I watched three
kids for ten hours and I gotta say I
rocked it I mean I really think I did I
think I handled everything really well I
fed them I cleaned diapers I did it all
so that may mean I feel pretty proud of
myself that I was able to do that but it
was just crazy long day I'm just gonna
order out some PF Changs
and go pick it up and lay in bed and
watch a movie I have been in so much
pain all day it's like crazy and I was
actually me and Brian were planning on
going to dinner and stuff and I can't
even like cope and so actually Brian's
running into target right now to get
this little tool that someone told me
about and I'm like really hoping it
works I'm sure it's not gonna fix the
problem it could make me make it feel
better probably for like a small amount
of time but I just I definitely feel
like a muscle is constantly being pulled
and like twisted and
and it's obviously just a pregnancy
thing and so I'm actually I'm gonna fill
my bum date tomorrow which I usually do
today and so I feel like such a slacker
because I've been last week I really
failed to because I got it out a week or
daily and so I decided to make my new
schedule on Thursdays because that's
better but because my back is just
killing me so I'm going to try and relax
tonight does not put any pressure on me
at all just take a bath relax and then
tomorrow maybe and I'm going to see a
chiropractor drama and make it a
priority to make sure I see find a
chiropractor that can take me there he
is with hopefully my lifesaver this is
the weirdest thing I've ever seen in my
life look at this thing this is it like
it feels like it's basically probably
like the balls with the tennis balls but
it's easier to manage and it's spiky so
maybe that helps with pressure point
okay so I'm just not leaving PF Changs
I got some takeout from ac-9 we'd
actually planned the time to go out
tonight but her back is just killing her
and so she didn't want to go out so
we're just gonna some PF Changs try and
relax I got a couple really cool movies
so seems like we're doing a date night
inside alright guys so we're just
finishing up dinner I think Missy's
soaking in the tub right now but I
wanted to show you guys the first name
that we're gonna be erasing from the
board I'm gonna go with mmm no Walker
it's not Walker but it is one of these
one of these other ones it's there
alright I hope you guys had a good day
uh we will see you tomorrow
I imagine sounding very bratty when he
talks I don't know what he's gonna be
like kissing me good mom
oh hi I was like remember me remember
when we used to play ball trying to spot
in
