haha yeah thank you sure I think you
guys listen girl I think you got it I
think
ergo each one time you're walking like a
big girl okay come here oh my gosh good
job baby girl how do you Kevin said you
know unified community okay all penny
I've got a five yeah Missy forgot your
sunglasses like always it's impossible
for her to get in the car and have
everything and be ready to leave the
very first time take two okay I think
we're good I had two glasses just in
case I lost one yeah you'll definitely
lose one huh
yeah okay so I just walked in the house
to grab my sunglasses and karma sitting
at the window like staring at me as like
a kanga and before I even reach a the
living room he's already out there we
don't even daytime he has to be in the
bedroom because we have kids and stuff
over and so he's like oh he's like ran
out a little girls like how you doing so
cute so whenever I go to Jack and bugs
um I always get a milkshake which I just
got him okay
all right just got jack-in-the-box brian
is running out running into the store
but he got me a milkshake but he hates
it when I do because whenever I get a
milkshake I only drink like half of it
it's just cuz either one I get sick of
it or to unfold that point and I just
drink however much I want it was like
I'm not getting you a milkshake unless
you drink it all I'm going to pour up
some of it so that hey so you think they
drink at all
and then he won't even have any idea
that I did this until he watches this in
the morning I mean tomorrow so here we
go
hopefully I can at least drink up true I
just can't drink it all I don't like to
drink the whole thing he'll be he'll
think I drank it all though and who dies
oh my gosh you actually check it off
look how much I drink yeah
robots go under the bridge which means
we're leaving town
you guys know what this bridge is
it's pretty popular
we are officially on the other side
you guys gotta check out this car check
it out
look at it
I'm pretty sure that was Santa Claus did
you see him get like a huge beard he's
driving this like 1940s car 50 on the
freeway we're headed to Coronado Beach I
spoke up tire we're going on the bridge
right now are the big ships of the
elevator so we're actually going here
because Missy and I shop a wedding on
Coronado Beach it was a beach wedding
and I just remember it being like so
nice looking
very colorful robots cell phones this is
such a cool tree as he just said if she
wasn't pregnant she'd be climbing it
Missy no the scene no look how cool it
is though it's like wait what kind of
tree is this guys you know so we stopped
at a Walgreens cuz we see need some
water and we have to use bathroom and
this is seriously like the nicest
Walgreens ever a pet we just asked where
the restroom was and they said that you
get in the elevator and go to the second
what now that I be a Walgreens elevator
I'll tell in the bathroom the whole
floor just bathroom that's why I'm Ric
logging in a public restroom plugging in
a public witness trip looking in the
public because I'm really cool I just
did that you know like if you don't have
a soul and you don't cry my artificial
tears know you're gonna buy those for
what our baby for know why you're still
put that you're crying are you kidding
me I'm gonna be a mess I'm gonna be
crying look at I'm on the TV so nice out
bring karma why didn't we bring karma
remember when we were in New York and we
took cards of page yes I remember and
what happened and he was walking and
then I don't know why but all of a
sudden he just decided it was time go to
the bathroom right on the beach like
where the waves are like right in front
of people who are like sunbathing on the
towels and stuff it was hilarious
drop shoes I don't think about stand I'm
wearing dude look at the sunset you guys
freaking gorgeous
it's not that cold it's really nice out
here though ha I mean it's pretty not
nice weather-wise oh I guess
look at that sunset I just can't get
over that sunset it's freaking beautiful
look at it we've just been hanging out
at the beach all day
I would love with something
yeah I feel like we've been eating all
days oh yeah we ha
I got a freezing pregnant cold wife so I
think I need to get her some food and
keep her warm okay
I keep seeing those old car you know the
old car that we saw on the freeway I
actually keep seeing those like drive up
and down this road
yeah not Road it's really far away
dancing blood
way so we just got up to the street from
the beach and we found a little flier I
don't know what that is
not weird hey weird it's like a little
green candle burning right here it's
really windy and my cold - so you didn't
expect it to last but it's so weird I
wonder what it means do you think it's
symbolic do you guys know what that
means
I feel like we're asking you a lot of
questions today huh I could keep asking
you what things mean and stuff and your
feet getting warmer yeah she like
cranked up the heat
what fingers her like haha holy crap
Missy how are they not falling off right
now Oh put them here but then right here
put them over there
I tortured Missy at the beach today
apparently so what do you want to eat
what do you what do you fill in what are
you feeling hungry pasta that's like the
worst place for me to go yeah Missy will
literally just eat angel hair pasta like
she'll boil it and cook it and just eat
it raw no I hope I was on cheese okay
barely anything it's pretty much just
raw noodles so we are passing over that
bridge again it looks so cool at night
everyone's passing me found the best
parking spot but we have to parallel
park into it and he's actually pretty
dang good I mean am i good I got still
am I good still a my goods Dell
Oh
oh my gosh I cannot believe I just
parked in this space this is actually a
really good spot I mean for me and every
watch want urban Indian food not even a
little bit pick us out guys
this isn't real looks so real it looks
yummy huh we came down here once when we
were going to a haunted hotel and Missy
thought it was real she tried to eat it
heroes would keep up Missy really just
wants a good old place as tablecloths
ama okay well this is gas lamp pretty
cool down here seen some scary things so
we're going in check this out you guys
John Lennon actually wrote this okay
that's so cool there's one from Paul
McCartney
that's a boy I think this is like the
Beatles section
she's obsessed with this game
gives you more pictures and you have to
guess the word that brings them all
together how many have you done so far
and level 229 229 of these things that
she's racked and ran I tried it I
couldn't get past 12 I was like done so
here's what we got Missy got twisted mac
and cheese
a little hard drive back and I actually
got fish and chips
I pretty much saved like 12 million
calories just for this
Bizzy loves her milkshakes
it's really good I actually saved room
for a little chocolate that's right
there's only hundred seventy seven
calories they ran out of course right
really better why do you say that I want
I want something sweet I tried that
I'm good I
look at that thing go Missy slow down
Missy
I already go ah camera boy did you miss
us
yes you missed us gamma gamma gamma
gamma gamma chameleon who shot is that
mommy ah who is that I can't show Missy
cuz she's not wearing any clothes
I'm very close it's not very much it's
it's not very much left him here to sit
in the in this room what are you doing
get it get it get it get it get this get
the black and white scrub go get skull
get it karma it's okay it's not gonna
hurt you Missy you've started something
karma don't chew that up that's mine
that's my gorilla not your gorilla you
can have the skunk not the gorilla
I like the gorilla get this girl coming
get this girl get get it karma
I think it's a girl I think she got it
good it's gone look at this thing
Jory ha ha ha he didn't just sink his
teeth into it he ripped it into shreds
all right guys so okay guys so you're
probably wondering why you didn't really
see much of the beach today and we did
vlog a little bit of the beach but we
were actually just like super busy doing
other things shooting other things
things that you will see later on in the
week but by that time when we had
actually started vlogging on the beach
we were so exhausted Missy was freezing
because it was really cold it was like
54 degrees I think we had a lot of fun
on the beach and I'm so excited to show
you guys what we actually did and
honestly what we're doing it's probably
one of like the coolest things I've ever
put together like as a professional so I
really hope you guys enjoy it I'm so
stoked for you guys to see it I really
am I actually put together like the
first 20 seconds of it like totally raw
there was no filters on the video the
music had like the copyright in it still
because it hasn't been like finalized or
anything and I showed it to her mom and
Missy and they really started crying
after 20 seconds because it was just so
exciting and so I just can't wait to
show that to you guys and for you to
feel those same emotions and so it's
just really cool to put together it's
gonna be super fun to edit I'm probably
gonna be up all night doing it because I
really can't contain myself
yeah tomorrow we are not gonna have any
electricity none no computer no internet
I mean I'm gonna have the internet on my
phone I don't know what to do like I
literally have to stay up all night get
this vlog up and done and ready to go
you know I was just thinking that I'm
gonna take my computer to your work and
leach off the Wi-Fi and the electricity
thank you guys for watching be on the
lookout for this video coming out this
week and we will see you guys tomorrow
all right
the water feels good though and it
screams okay is that like I'm fine okay
that one out yeah now and this to top
I don't know yeah combat a cup combat
and you
