guys look at this angry boxing octopus
oh look at you
okay
oh yeah
having a boy
good morning bumpers thumbs up if you
like that name by the way you guys all
told us what to call you guys cuz I
always say guys and a lot of people said
bumpers so you guys are bumpers you'll
also be probably like my DB crew there's
a couple more that I thought were really
cool that I'll probably use
interchangeably today's gonna be another
crazy day because the events tonight but
we're leaving out the door right now
we're gonna go let's go today we folded
probably 160 pages two pages of programs
me and Brian did all of it and when my
boss saw that there was one word still
wrong and we also forgot a band that we
were supposed to recognize we had to now
reprint all of them and now refold all
of them day-of yeah and today's the day
so it's like oh my gosh like hey kidding
me I lost my wife and say two brothers
seriously always happens we should not
separate and of course our phones on
silent
so just can't hear that I'm calling or
texting I don't know we do easy I just
love going to Ace Hardware because look
at this it just makes you want to garden
and like it's just so pretty yeah it
makes you food and hours and
okay what are these I don't know they
almost look like pie oh not that I know
what that looks like
um this is a tomato peppers that would
be so fun one day we're gonna do that Oh
miss apparently needs some shoes for
tonight's event you guys remember that
huge bucket of shoes I showed you that
she has it's insane I'm pretty sure that
she hasn't heard like shoes but I don't
tell us how women they are they need
shoes for walking in a Payless she's on
the phone he would work all day work
alone what are you looking for I'm
looking for like a white white shoe um
okay I'm Kiel okay I did tiny kill cuz
I'm pregnant so that was a surprisingly
fast run to paste
pay less out I was hoping it wouldn't
take too long but you know how I am when
I shop it's like ridiculous but so I
went ahead and got these ones so white
flat so hopefully they'll be comfortable
and hopefully they match my dress I
don't know though but I can't wait to
try that my dress on and get all pretty
and really excited for that if anything
I am super excited for a fun night and
looking good looking hot looking hot no
hot yeah and pregnant which is hot like
prego like like spaghetti spaghetti
sauce um but yeah we're gonna hopefully
Frankie right anything
yeah no not really I gotta wear
something comfortable because I'm gonna
be shooting yeah I know yeah so
hopefully we'll look good together
and I won't be overdressed next to him
you know actually he'll be underdressed
next to me so I'm looking for a cute
haircut to do tonight I'm looking at
Pinterest I'm not very good with
Pinterest so we'll see I don't go on
your very often I like that one okay
Brian likes this one cuz I want my hair
to be down but it doesn't really have
directions on how to do it so I don't
know if I like it that much I kind of
want my hair to be a little bit slower
so I'm not sure yet so Missy's getting
ready for the event and I am just like
cleaning up the room tackling this huge
pile of clothes which has been needing
to be done for the longest time and then
I think she want to film like an outfit
of the night
so I kind of set everything up to do
like an outfit of the night video with
you know her signature chair wall and
put out the little bottle that actually
has the gender-reveal letter in it an
old picture I don't know if you guys
have seen this picture I guess we can do
like a throwback Saturday but this is an
old picture of Missy and I and this is
what we actually use to announce our
engagement with so how old were we 17
think you're like seventeen look at me
with my long ratty hair and she's so
cute she's still so cute that's a cool
picture though so I haven't chose my
hairstyle yet but so far I think it's
gonna be like curly I don't really know
yet I guess we'll find out by the way
you guys I did get Justin Timberlake's
new CD the 20/20 experience I just want
to share a couple of my favorite songs
I definitely love push your lover girl a
suit-and-tie
which I didn't really love at first but
now it's pretty good tunnel vision is a
really really cool track um but it's
kind of got like a beat box feeling to
it he's doing a more like beatboxing and
like the backgrounds and stuff which is
really cool and then mirrors it's
probably still my favorite it's like a
mirror
oh ma m√®re staring back at me so I
don't know how this always happens these
are all the clothes that I need to hang
up right and this is how many hangers we
have to tow hangers house ones hanger
ball is closer to here I have no hair
done boom one I'm literally gonna need
like a dozen Oh another that's like all
I literally think the closet just eat
some because we can never find them ever
oh and I am taking your your guys advice
some of you advice just make the bed and
then throw the pregnancy pillow this big
brown thing which I'm just a little OCD
about but I just need to get over it
because I'm having a baby who's going to
pee and puke on everything pretty soon
so I'm just gonna throw that on there
there you go looks fine right we are now
on the way to miss his big event look at
her she looks hat hot pregnant mama look
at this dress she chose she actually
chose one that would show up her but you
can't really see inside
she's very well constrained obviously
we're thinking about her safety but she
looks good I am very not dressed well I
have a shirt but I hate dressing up and
I have to shoot the event so I need to
be comfortable good you guys look snazzy
yeah pretty much
see you gone with the purple yeah be my
husband I'm dressed up now she looks
good now hey do I look okay nothing
missing I think I told you useful in
return sorry we were supposed to wear
damn you look at Wendy's yeah
Oh
I was actually over like a picture okay
good hey guys so we are at the event
everyone is partying it up and I am just
running around taking pictures I showed
you guys this camera a couple days ago
it's my Nikon d7000 and I love it and
I'm using like this cheap little Chinese
flash and it's working perfectly like
the lighting I'm getting in here is
insane
fancy appetizer yep I'm gonna go Missy
hard at work
look at even when Missy's at work she
pay enough her
her name is Gemma Nate sweet color cutie
cutie baby doggy for game anyway and
with this one I actually want to go the
baseball we're going W sorry oh really
yeah they're in the car you get to
thought that's what they throw the first
pitch oh that's awesome any books on
bidding on everything because he
I think he's only bidding on it so other
people can't get it right I bid Bush go
up he bids to make the price go up look
at this basket you guys this is actually
really weird
they have vodka and blueberry pancake
mix this suburbanite and our yes for the
mood of morning yeah oh my gosh that's
funny guys look at this angry boxing
octopus oh right 3:54 oh my fault
on your six George's isn't one of lose
this is the Harris thing look at this
you guys look at three percent hold on
it's crazy you got we stuck in five
years ago six right because now you see
it look like bathrobe going try one
I think you got it bro 600 bucks right
yes can we move on you look like that's
at night
575 fingers push this guy okay bump 50
your olives five degrees okay come out
what do we do
hundred dollar 25 boxes in fun right
look at these cupcakes possibly they
look amazing I know they're so crazy
red velvet all the way
because that
right there all these diamonds oh my
gosh these are all the diamonds that
they decorated the event with that's
like 20 karats right there what's on oh
yeah are you serious
I love bonus Buy damn bro my dad's there
so like four months ago oh my god that's
the hipster Brian coming out you know we
could just find a diamond like this size
for real
like our life would be just redone maybe
done we could just live off the diamond
until pawnshop sealants of you know so
the event is over and it was a really
awesome time I mean I was dressing and
going crazy who while doing it but I
know that everyone didn't see that and
it was just an awesome event so I'm
really happy with how it turned out and
now I'm done and I get to go to bed
which I cannot wait for look at this you
guys I'm getting gas and I'm watching TV
granted and only place ads but it's
going to make me spend more because I'm
watching that not paying attention now
how much I'm spending hold on gasps hi
Karma hi hi boy did you miss us did you
miss us Karma
did you miss us garma ha ha ha ha ha do
you see him oh he's going in town on my
ear ok ok ok ok
relax karma relax we laugh who's that
it's Maru aah get him he is so excited
that we are home right now
don't jump we are home now from the
event oh hi karma oh you want to play
ball no thank you go go over there go
over there come it he's like so offended
that I would ask him to leave
anyway we are home now and look what I
got I grabbed two of these diamond
things you know how in cartoons they
like put these on your eyes wait why do
oh why did he do this in cartoons and I
helped them see better or something you
never heard of that before
do I look creepy that's right oh ok ok
it actually hurts don't do that you guys
but we are home now it is late I'm
getting up early in the morning to go
shoot and Missy gets a nice Sunday
morning off so that'll be cool because
she was definitely busy today yeah busy
all week so hopefully it slows down and
we can relax a little bit but we had a
lot of fun and we're super tired so we
will see you guys tomorrow oh we did
film an outfit of the night for Missy's
channel and it should be up by the time
you guys seeing this vlog so go check it
out I'll put a link in the description
thank you guys for watching and we will
see you tomorrow
you beautiful diamonds in the sky shine
bright like gaming and rank gaming what
I did did you really
oh my god I did
yeah kidding right now I just felt the
baby oh my gosh
that was crazy
you guys I just felt the baby
