910 ready or not here I come
playing how to go seek with a couple of
very cute minions right now and they are
long gone probably hiding super well
probably not hiding out in the open at
all you're supposed to be hiding Finn
found you wherever you are that's
whatever wannabe
big
just one
very
good morning let's be honest it's
infinite morning time we got up this
morning and went to church went to lunch
with the Johnsons you guys can
definitely go check out on their channel
but that we came home took naps and now
we're just hanging out on the couch and
cuddling homeboys and daddy is getting
some work done we've been trying to
catch up on work we are who super busy
right now I'm just trying to like work
on a fun like really few like a few
projects that we're really excited to
like share with you guys and stuff but
we're feeling a little swamped right now
so Brian's getting some work done and
it's just like a really nice relaxing
Sunday I feel like we've been doing this
the last few weeks like Sundays just
seem to turn into like a good nap and
then like it's really just like a good
family day so I'm sure we go swimming
because it is a bazillion degrees
outside you know is it hot out there
like yeah yeah like I was sweating thank
you yeah I think it's supposed to be one
of the hottest weeks all summer it's
like a hundred and four for like the
rest of the week and I saw a couple of
the days for 107 like that's insane I
hope we usually tend to be a little bit
cooler up here because we're kind of
like a little bit higher so that's
always nice and we get a little more of
a breeze than down in the valley but it
is still so so hot so we're gonna take
advantage of the swimming pool alright
you wanna go swimming today alright - it
has been going on around the property
though whoa what's that for I am so
excited about it too
my car but Missy got old childhood yeah
blackball Oh
all the fields are gonna happen when I
actually see it in the ground if you
guys don't know we were putting stairs
in getting like projects done and we go
see how the stairs have been going kay
yeah are you excited for stairs yeah you
get done check this out that's a lot of
stairs so they have it they just kind of
did the mold for it right now but look
at the amount of stairs that's going to
be here done well we gotta wait for them
to put the concrete in yeah I mean you
don't really want to go down there until
it's like a little cleaned up but one
step at a time kay bud and we still got
the backyard we leave one step hopefully
we'll be done the next day or so look at
the lavender it's actually looking
really good Brian like cut it so that it
the dead pieces were off it looks like
it's going to survive it's not dead
after all and also check out these
beautiful I'd say there's cute cute
flowers that we got from our church they
have like a little farmers market where
they sell like produce and flowers and
really really cool stuff and every yeah
they have their own farm where like you
can like go and like pick stuff and then
every dollar that you spend on these
kinds of things they give it right back
to you like their organization yeah they
have a community Mission of Hope Center
where they actually purchase good like
protein filled food for people in need
around the community so it's cool to be
able to buy flowers like this with your
absolutely adorable but also know that
your money is going to a good place and
it's been so fun having all kinds of
like fresh plants and flowers around the
house it just feels nice and I'm
obsessed with my new little like macrame
stuff that's holding like real
succulents and pops and stuff which is
cool
and slowly we're gonna be incorporating
a whole garden of stuff in this house
and outside so that's kind of exciting
the temperature gauge says it's about a
hundred I'd say it's about a hundred as
well and these pups are like it feels
like a hundred and ten they're like
let's go swim in they're gonna go jump
in get in there doggies get it ready
jump gonna go good guy good job guys oh
yeah that feels amazing it is like the
perfect temperature not too warm not too
chilly you guys almost done with your
snacks Oh always a little sad you can't
fall off a chair I think I need to get a
micelle really badly oh that thing oh
we're all getting hurt over there over
here oh all these chairs so I'm like I'm
gonna get you a booster she keeps
falling off the chair and now I need a
bandage for my toe thank you for
laughing Thank You bud that's so nice
you want give a kiss all yeah no um
muffin meal it just moved
can you just get it all and put it
outside oh yeah you got a little bug
vacuum huh okay go do it all right
all I got is bug gun go for it
oh you got it good job bud I'm pretty
sure aunt Christie got you that one two
three four five six seven eight nine ten
ready or not here I come playing
hide-and-go-seek with a couple of very
cute minions right now and they are long
gone probably hiding super well
probably not hiding out in the open at
all you're supposed to be hiding Finn
found you look at this little minion I
got you right where I want you all right
where's Olly cannot see him anywhere
cannot see him anywhere whoa
Olly minion has appeared
okay I'm gonna hide you go account okay
they're so cute we've just been having
like a really chill day I'm going in the
bathroom to hide just been having a
really tough day and I want to do
something really fun of the way so I
dress them up with minions and I have
like a little surprise from mama it's my
mama yeah she in the bed
nope what's that net for behind the
truck the track hoe
oh you found me say that up on mama Finn
is very into the same let's find mama
Finn the minions like hey oh alright
boys I got a fun surprise for you open
them up
minion play-doh we have the play-doh
minion disguise lab which is kind of you
want to do it this is my kids right now
when you present them with play-doh it's
insane
I love to play that when I was little I
loved doing it with the boys but this is
the one where it's kind of like
haircutting salon so they get to grow
hair and then you get to cut it open and
we've got a minion okay minions we've
got the chair the hairdressing a chair
got a little chair the stand goes with
you got oh these are cool and then I
believe a little push things let the
hair grow
yeah we've got a comb we can comb their
hair
oh that's cool all right boys
which means we do first the purple one
and a yellow one : carpal light purple
one all right we got the purple minion
now we're going to choose the color here
we want we've got
we've got blue and you got pink okay
we'll do blue all right and now we're
just gonna put push the minion down
ready
what's this boys not cool nice look at
that
wild hair nice dude
you're not getting a tip for this
haircut maybe we should let Finn to cut
it to comb his hair comb is here there
we go oh wow when you comb it it just
falls right out
not good hair brush your hair and you
think you've got some hair on his eyes
yeah
snip all right then you try cutting his
hair cut his hair we can make it look
all nice and neat and we can comb it a
little more off the top
all right are you trying
cuddle time huh yeah Finn's asleep for
he I've got yeah he's watching The Land
Before Time right now we're just hanging
out I'm actually watching the VMAs well
me and Brian are watching the VMAs and
we were just winding down for the day we
just been kind of chilling all day and
relaxed and it's been really nice and
Finn's asleep
this guy's bedtime now for now we're
gonna go ahead and end the video so make
sure you give this video a can you say
it big fun shot good job and we'll see
you guys tomorrow what do you say hey
you
