it's hipster Brian
oh yeah
having a birthday um I wanna get up
how to be annoying over text message
this is like the epitome of my morning
right here hey guys good morning we are
just starting our very out very busy day
Brian's already hard at work in his room
we're up really late last night so of
course means up starting our day a
little late which is definitely putting
us behind which is just adding to the
chaos of such a busy day so I'm getting
lunch for us really quick and then we'll
be out and about hopefully soon it's
just been crazy this this I cannot wait
for it to be over
it's just like been ridiculous some it
is a beautiful day again it won't be as
hot I don't think you get some closer
around 75 to 80 so that's that's a
beautiful perfect day so oh you know
what so I have remember um if you
watched art I think it's the day before
Valentine's Day video Brian got me a
little keychain that had my ultrasound
pictures and I just realized they're
gone they must have fell out I think
they kept like slipping around and I'd
always have to fix them so now I guess
they're gone that's so sad
someone has a picture my baby laying
around
kind of weird I feel like my beard is
finally getting to the point where it
actually is starting to look okay right
the thing is as I watched the vlog they
can't tell I can't really see yeah like
you can only see but in real life it
actually is starting to darken and like
it thank you all like a hobo it really
does but it's not you can't tell but
it's like really it's really scratchy
and thick yeah I guess you can't really
tell on the camera but in real life it's
starting to get fuller and thicker and
finally to the point where I can trim it
if I can just get to the point where
it's starting to get really dark and
full then I can like trim my neck and it
would actually look okay I feel like
this is really good like I've never
actually done this like from going to a
plate where I I'm shaving every day
sometimes twice a day to the point where
now I haven't changed it all seeing what
happened so you went to your food you
want some jello he just wants love he
just knows his mama no he wants he loves
anyone who has food her karma her Girma
okay okay you're apparently trying to
get closer to the food guys you're
sleeping so , sleeping on the bed last
night and his arm is straight up in the
air literally straight up in the air and
this is how Brian sleeping look like I
need to see like with my hands behind
really really just like Cole's arms I
was just like oh my god my dogs arm is
straight up in the air I was like I need
to take a picture that is it I can have
the all mu stuff that's like going ever
Karma's doing anything cute if you say
his name he stops yeah he's like what
you're gonna give me food Cassie just
got a haircut look at that's so real
she has bangs just like you you know
what she looks like she looks like Carly
Rae Jepsen really you know it's really
cute he just has like regrowth but the
hairstylist asked her who did her ombre
I see haha and she actually just had
yeah enough regrowth we just got all
done with the printing we're just
just say the writers grab some water
bottles and Missy says she wants like
some snacks or something
she said cheesy fish I'm guessing that's
like gold ooh
grams chocolate Chantell looks good when
I was little we only had cheesy goldfish
and now they have grams s'mores cookies
and cream chocolate chip pizza what okay
I feel like this is a trap I just found
fudge brownie cupcake sour cream and
onion extra cheddar I just I don't know
what to do smoke and barbecue I feel
like I'm gonna make the wrong decision
this is a trap she sent me here to get
the goldfish and this is a trap so I
don't know which one to get okay so we
just printed these and she's gonna cut
all these at once
look at this yeah it's so cool I did not
know that was possible
Julie ready fit yeah here we go
was i guilty see that oh really oh my
gosh that was beautiful that's crazy
Wow I can't believe you just did that
that's insane single hand a like one of
it I was like oh that's gonna be fun
cutting all right thank you so much I am
a different league now
so good it's like look at this is the
girl one her name's Brooke and she's
Parmesan cheese YUM and then this guy
his name's extreme he's pizza flavor and
he's really good too I mean I feel bad
eating them because they look so cute
but they're yummy
so I'm actually on my way home now I had
to leave Missy at her work because I
just have way too much to do today and
he said she was probably gonna be there
for a couple more hours so I had to just
had to go home I have to get some stuff
done
so today supposed to be my catch-up day
and I'm already late
and about anything done except for
helping Missy all day so I hope that at
least gives me some brownie points
maybe cookie points I don't know so
don't mind the big red mark on my
forehead I just popped a zit
yeah freaking hot in here cuz this door
is open so it's fan time phantom what
karma what do you want what do you want
what do you want you want what do you
want what do you want what do you want
you want to treat go there over there
sit oh okay do all that good job so
Cassie is all dressed up for her spring
dance look at this girl look at her you
know you look like you could be in a
music video I'm gonna take some pictures
over
those awesome three two one go
okay you're good are you going with a
date
no no date no date friends so Missy is
still at work she's still at work
it's 7:30 and she's still at work this
uh she's working too hard it is still
boiling in this room you guys I'm not
even kidding
it's so freaking hot and actually just
started cooling down so what's really
cool in California during about this
time it gets super hot right and we are
not going to run our ec in March that's
just insane so we kind of just deal with
it
you have to have fans obviously but then
when the Sun comes down it actually gets
really cool outside so we can open up
the door and let all the cold air in um
and actually I'm gonna open this window
too so we can get a flippin breeze
through it so it's actually starting
already to feel better so that's one
plus about living in California is when
it's hot usually the nights are cool so
you can like relax and sleep because I
would not be able to sleep in this heat
it's insane I want to introduce you guys
to someone who I just found actually you
want to meet him it's hipster Bryan hey
have you seen that new movie wreck-it
Ralph it's hilarious
no I hate when movies are made just so
they can win awards or make money like I
can't figure out which ones worse oh
okay well did you hear Fall Out Boy's
coming out of the new record new you why
would they do that
I didn't like that second album their
third album only the first albums are
good nowadays in fact I really don't
like the first single I mean like the
first 10 seconds of it I mean like when
I heard there was a new single I thought
it was pretty cool I don't really listen
to it oh okay well a couple us are going
to Buffalo Wild Wings if you wanted to
join Buffalo Wild Wings that please so
commercial plus you know what they do to
those chickens they practically have
organic beer oh I'm so in let's Rouge
can you tell them going a little crazy
without Missy here hey guys so
guess what I'm home I was at the office
all day
and just got home now we're doing a what
is it like a midnight
run a food run a food er hon cuz we're
both starving we were supposed to go out
Missy promised me and we could go out
cuz we haven't been out and forever and
I really want to do karaoke but she's
just too tired she was at work until
forever
yeah that worked like 8:45 or C and
tonight is my or today's my free day so
I haven't been really keeping track but
I haven't been eating a whole lot but
mostly snacking so yeah I didn't want to
but I was basically on my computer at
work all day
and Brian had bought me some fishies and
I just started opening them I just
opened them and I started eating them
and I literally almost ate the entire
bag while at work because I was just
munching and I didn't realize that I'm
actually a munch for two when I work I'm
not normally but I guess I was just
trying to get in this I was like a must
be I must have been just in the zone and
trying to like eat in munch I don't know
it was crazy I would like to do a hot
mess burger deal thing is there like a
waiver I have to sign before I eat that
like if something happens to me I think
jack-in-the-box has a reputation for
being so weird at night like the guy he
literally like waved at us like that and
then said good to see you again and I
was totally thrown off that I said
thanks we used to have this
jack-in-the-box with a guy would speak
in like a southern accent oh through the
whole thing or like fake yeah or he
would like speak with like a robot voice
or something like that but I don't know
why they do it maybe it's cuz they know
that they're probably giving food to
people who are high and so they actually
okay guys I seriously can't even believe
I'm about to put this in my body right
now but it smells so good this is a hot
mess burger from Jay in the booth yeah
it's not good for me at all not even a
little bit it looks so good no I'm not
gonna eat any
you are a that nasty burger oh oh oh
closer closer
Oh God it fell off the fork I didn't eat
it
in case you guys were wondering where it
went Missy just said she felt the baby
move on the outside yeah I felt it and
then I put my hand down I was like oh
that was really strong and I felt it
again like a little like am I in the
race maybe I just think I can feel it
cuz I can feel it you know like I feel
like I can feel it on the outsides I can
feel on the inside
whoa did you feel it oh my god I did did
you really
oh my god I did it does do it he's like
kicking right now I just felt the baby
Hey
oh my gosh dang it happened again
that was crazy you guys I just felt the
baby I felt our baby boy move like that
was insane I had no idea you could feel
it this early yeah you can you feel that
well that's the coolest thing ever baby
boy wake up this is your weird daddy
hello gonna take so many pictures of you
it's I'm funny
is that it I hate feeling grades beings
but I don't know for sure yeah okay
you're feeling it like freaking out this
so cool
I know oh my gosh I thought that yeah if
you actually like a kick yeah
oh my gosh he's being crazy active huh
this is what I was feeling last night
and I was like I can't get comfortable
like I feel like I could he couldn't get
comfortable
I couldn't get comfortable that was
crazy you guys I felt it Missy's mom
felt it and Missy's sister felt the baby
move so she just ate that chocolate cake
and she was drinking some cold water so
that might be it but she's saying last
night he was really active and I was
like the coolest thing ever okay we're
going to bed but I'm glad that we got
that when can I like share that with you
guys and like oh I'm so freaking out
your mom her mom started like crying
she felt that my tears were streaming
down her face just ah that's such a cool
moment but we're gonna go down so we
will see you guys tomorrow so I don't
know if Ryan has told you how stinking
hot it is here today it's probably at
least 90 degrees absolute and look what
he's wearing long sleeves and you but I
can't talk to them are clearing my games
like thick leggings that they almost
feel like hot life so need to find some
appropriate summer so I guess spring
summer
