having a boy hey guys so um I just
realized I always call you guys all the
time we should actually we should come
up with a name for our viewers you know
like um CTFxC has what do they call it
see feet CTFxC ears
BF vs. GF has pv poops I think we should
have one what do you guys think that we
should call our viewers leave a comment
below I just got done shooting another
project this morning just like so busy
this whole week is like been crazy we
have like Missy's event coming up this
weekend which will hopefully I mean it's
stressful leading up to it but hopefully
it'll like we can actually enjoy it a
little bit I'm gonna be working the
event and she's gonna be working the
event so I don't know how much of
enjoying we'll actually be able to do
but yeah like this weekend and this week
is just insane I have like six projects
that I'm finishing up so I'm trying to
clean up the room a little before Missy
gets home from work but I said I don't
know what to do with this pillow like
she uses it every night so we want to be
accessible but it's so big and obnoxious
that I can't even make the bed so I
don't know if any of you moms out there
pregnant moms used one of those pillows
what did you do with them when you
weren't using them at night did you just
not make the bed kind of OCD I like the
bed made before I get into it so I need
to find a spot for it
so we are headed right now to go get
blood drawn because I need to get some
blood drawn for my doctor and then leave
just like the busiest day I have been
running all day I feel sick to my
stomach I just feel like I've been
stressed all day so we're just we got a
very busy day ahead of us and it's
already almost
four o'clock so my gosh
I know I'm starting to get a mango for
your bumpy we still do get the mango we
still do them do the bump they I've tons
of stuff for this dinner that's coming
up it's like insane
so just been a super crazy day and it's
only gonna get worse normally I do not
go with Missy when she gets blood cuz I
have a super weak stomach so I don't
know how long I can actually sit in that
room while they do that to you because
just the sight of a needle freaks me out
it freaks me out have my mom back there
with me but
so Missy just gave blood it actually
wasn't that bad I did sit in the room
and watch it do it normally I get really
really queasy but I mean it did the
needles and the it still freaks me out
still thinking about it but at least I
stayed in there and didn't throw up or
pass out so two things are blood your
body needs that blood so I don't know if
friend has told you how stinking hot it
is here today it's probably at least 90
degrees at least and look what he's
wearing long sleeves and jeans but I
can't really talk as I'm actually
wearing leggings like thick leggings
that they almost feel like hot sweats so
we need to find some appropriate summer
so I guess spring summer clothing
because we're obviously not okay this is
left you guys in the car she seems to be
doing that a lot lately actually so we
got a letter today from Allison and she
lives in Madison Wisconsin Thank You
Allison for sending us a letter she just
says how she loves our vlogs and our she
loves our story and she loves watching
us and she loves dogs yeah thank you so
much that was a really sweet letter
Missy loves dogs also she did mention
she has alternating hemiplegia which is
basically a dice a disorder where like
her body can go numb at any time and she
normally just likes to like lay in a
dark room when it's happening because
she can't really do much but I just hope
I just wish you well Allison and I just
hope you know our daily vlogs bring you
happiness when you're on the internet
cuz she said she loves the Internet
so I actually just opened the door to
see if it had cooled down outside and
it's dark I had no idea we've literally
been doing work on the computer for like
the past three hours I guess because I
never got the memo that the Sun went
down karma karma
karma karma communion that is not your
food that is Missy's food cut karma
karma get the mac and cheese you want a
bath coming what's a bath come on let's
go give you a bath now come on is
already pretty thinking late and we've
been working like crazy
I still haven't even filmed my bump date
which I really want to do I just got to
make sure that everything work and stuff
is out of the way and then I can focus
on bump date
if you've ever planned an event it all
just goes crazy right before an event
happens like it's just insane and the
stress and all everything just but it
all comes together it all comes together
in the end and even though you're
freaking out at the event of every
little thing that could go wrong
everyone thinks it's just beautiful and
perfect so it's gonna be a really nice
event and I'm really excited for it I
just can't wait for it to also be over I
got to start on this massive load of
clothes it's like I started this new
thing where I do it on Fridays but it's
making it so that during the weeks we're
running out of clothes and I never knew
this this I don't I don't obviously stay
up late very often and Brian works a lot
but look at all these snacks he has on
his desk now he snacks a lot when he
eats like I didn't realize anybody
sitting over here one fans a lot when I
eat all right it's not he's next a lot
when he works he's got mini wheats
he's got macaroni and cheese what else
have you been munching on nothing Oh
from what was it spice cake over here so
he's in winter and he also gets
extremely sidetracked very easily by
Twitter by Facebook by the internet he's
just in front of me I got ya so he's
just like I'm totally the opposite first
of all I'm not a procrastinator he's a
professor I don't get sidetracked I get
I like do it fast and get it done so
I'll have to think about it Missy things
I look like a bum
yeah I can't talk to him it's just she
says you look like a hobo I can't
respect you there's gonna be some
in-between days where it looks like crap
okay
we're filming this is bumping he's just
chilling here in the chair huh all right
guys this is probably a short vlog today
we actually just got like had to get a
lot of things done it's like midnight
it's like almost 1 o'clock I think we're
so exhausted but we finished everything
I got Missy's bump date already to start
editing so hopefully that will be up on
when our on Friday for you guys I know a
lot of people are wondering what's going
on
this is pooped we're ready to go to bed
she's actually watching Supernatural and
I can't stand the show it's like way too
much gore but she likes the show oh
don't forget to comment you guys in the
comments what should we call our viewers
I am asking that cuz you know how like
the f vs GF they call them PV peeps C
then you have CTF Xers you know the band
Kiss has like the KISS Army I don't
really like daily bumpers just bumpers
ya know I think we can do better than
bumpers but I'm actually curious to see
what you guys can come up with cuz that
that would be really cool if we like how
to name we could call you guys every
time we started vlogging I don't know
think about it anyway that's all we got
so thank you guys for watching we will
see you tomorrow it's gonna be a busy
day but Missy doesn't have to work well
she has to work but I'm actually going
with her right I have to so busy day
tomorrow and we're taking you guys with
us believe it or not I'm taking them
with us okay bye guys so her medication
I know there's all these good change
so I'm not even kidding I just saw the
