who is this man who is this man is Jesus
okay no one concern
oh yeah
having a boy named good morning guy it's
about almost nine o'clock I was up super
late editing which was fine because I
woke up feeling pretty good but I'm
headed to work now um basically I'm just
gonna be shooting all day also I wanted
to tell you guys
um about my weight loss I've kind of I
plateaued for like about a week or two I
didn't really see much change um and so
I sort of just like took it easy I took
a couple days off here and there where I
wasn't really paying too close attention
but um I jumped on the scale this
morning and I was another two pounds
I had another two pounds lost since the
last time I weighed in so I was really
really cool I mean I guess I'm doing
something right we weren't the doctors
forever yesterday like over three hours
and I had eaten him before so I am
actually at work right now and I
actually just got done eating lunch at
Subway cuz there's one right across the
street I don't get this but look at my
car says it's 60 degrees outside there's
no way that it is 60 degrees outside it
is freaking beautiful and I oh wait
actually I mean I was like I wish I had
something in my hand that I could
actually look for the temperature would
that be crazy if I could just open it in
my hand and it says it's 81 I don't know
about that I think it's a little hotter
than that Oh says the high is 79 and
it's 81 if the high is 79 and it's 81
why wouldn't they just change the high
to 81 like they messed up they need to
fix it just in case you guys are curious
what I actually shoot with this is a
Nikon d7000 I was using this it's a 50
millimeter 1.8 which is awesome I love
this camera so much it's the nicest
camera I've ever had but I've gone
through like three or four so far and
they all sort of get bigger badder more
expensive Suzy was all worried that I
wouldn't be home and look I got home
before but look it you got a subway bag
- I have a subway bag in my car - if
this isn't a sign that we're in love I
don't know what is
we are back at Ross oh hey Ross and
basically because I had those four
dresses that I really like and I then
purchased one that I was like okay this
is my decision and once I got home I
immediately regretted it I was like nope
this wasn't the dress I'm not even lying
I even told you I said don't get it if
you're just gonna take it back and come
back and get the other one she's like no
no I won't look where we IVIS I thought
that that was the one but then when I
when I put it on it at home I was like
yeah and then I really don't have shoes
for it so in the end I'm back to take
back my dress and get the right one the
one supposedly supposedly yeah hopefully
hopefully I get some tomorrow look how
pregnant is he looks in this dress it's
just like boom it's because it's white
hmm
could be just because this is a
maternity shirt so it's made to kind of
probably make you look more pregnant but
it like tucks under here now we have to
find the dress and it's probably gone so
Missy made me sit and wait while she
tried on a bunch of dresses again and
look which one she picked none she
didn't pick any of them
she just doesn't come to this place
enough so I guess she's coming back I
just can't her made it story of my life
ladies and gentlemen she can ever make a
decision we had to pick up Missy's
little sister from school but she's
craving Mexican food and I could totally
go for taco taco come come
whoa
her mom almost attacked me I just wanted
to do a quick shout out to Sarah Louise
and if you don't know where she's a
YouTube mommy blogger as well as me and
she's currently I think she's almost
nineteen weeks now and I've been
worrying about her all day because she
had mentioned that she had a little bit
of a scare last night but thank God that
everything is great and fine and hid and
her little boy is happy and healthy
right now so we are I'm just feel so
good about that
so I mean I also wanted to mention that
my bumps along the way vlog or my bump
date will be a little late this week we
yesterday was a really hard day on us
and we kind of had ran into some issues
at the doctor's and so I'll be talking
about that in my bumpty but I just kind
of needed a day to relax so my bump date
will probably be up and live on Friday
so sorry about that but hopefully you
guys will see it you guys will get all
the information on what's going on and I
am right now getting ready to send Sarah
Louise some pop-tarts she well I
actually saw her pop-tarts on her
channel or she was talking about how she
really wanted these red velvet pop-tarts
and so they sounded so good that we went
down and got them and so Brian's been
eating I mean he had shown them on the
vlog which made her go crazy so now I'm
getting ready to go send her some
actually so that she can have some
because they don't sell them where she
lives so she can satisfy her craving the
beard isn't as a cheetah day but it is
getting longer I think it's been like
four days since I shaved it's getting to
that point now where the the mustache
just looks like I need to shave yeah
like I I hugged her and I guess my face
like rubbed on her cheek and she said it
hurt so it's good it's kind of like
sticking out and all that blah I'm
really just this is kind of just an
experiment just to see what happens if I
stop shaving I don't even know if
anything's gonna happen No
we know something's gonna happen well I
mean I can't really grow like a beard
beard it just won't be a bear you want a
little facial hair but we'll see it's
definitely less annoying today I always
feel bad when I wear like a super cute
like a pink shirt or a ping something
cuz I feel like I'm also like making him
wear a pink one like the other day
actually when I was picking out the pink
dress yeah I was like I feel so bad cuz
he basically has to wear pink with me I
got weird guys so that's funny I mean
kind of make sense you're wearing pink
well how many outfit changes is that for
today oh my god like your third outfit
look like three this is literally her
third outfit that she's put on I thought
I thought you were the ones about I
decide yeah I'm still wearing the
original shirt that I put on this
morning other than having our young
outfit on a completely new outfit who is
this man who is this man is Jesus Jesus
is under our welcome mat our doormat I
just don't know why they need to litter
why do they need to litter
especially with jeez I feel bad throwing
this away cuz Jesus is on it
they're trying to guilt me into it so
she's picking up her medication at
Walgreens that's where and I am just
shopping but I notice all these wind
chimes
okay so I'm not even kidding I just saw
these and I was like whoppers I I
thought it was like hamburger flavored
candy I totally didn't answer to me that
whoppers is also the name of like malted
milk balls what do you mean what did I
do
there just happens to be a lot of wind
chimes right here I don't know I just
I'm not gonna do that right so I'll hear
really loud who's kind of loud
look at my parking job play funny I
wasn't even trying to be honest actually
you know what I was actually I kept
looking at the sign because I thought
how stupid it is that is 30 minute
parking only but one time we actually
stood in the pharmacy line for more than
30 minutes they usually use those signs
if there's like other places around here
oh yeah lot for Walgreens that's
true there isn't like a movie theater
like yeah exactly
we got a box so we can put Sarah's
pop-tarts in at this anywhere okay and
we tested it out with two box apopka so
you're getting two boxes of pop-tarts
Sarah okay what is in Texas that we
don't have that maybe she can send us
what's in teddy
what is what is where is Texas Oh people
live in Texas it's like the biggest
state oh yeah on the bottom and he's got
the little tail think everything's very
hot there oh really
me it's higher too high here everything
is big in Texas I do yeah - I wonder if
you buy pop-tarts at Texas if they're
like bigger
no sometimes they say stupid Thanks
oh hi he left you guys on the couch so
Missy went with her mom and little
sister back to Ross because she wanted
to get that dress but she were supposed
to take you with you guys but she forgot
are you gonna throw up
I just have a really hard time taking
this pill please don't throw up it's
just I had to have food I have to have a
drink that's not water this pillow
oops his hair on Oh God that will mess
with my head later this is my every
single night you'd think you were
blindfolded eating whipped cream
okay I have been addicted to frosted
mini-wheats
they're so good they're like weedy and
then they're like frosted e we're gummy
let go let go oh okay it's like oh no
you can have it you want it Oh throw for
you he needs to get out do you see how
you want to play fetch in the house you
are in it
Oh up top stop it
drop it oh oh I see what you doing a
suit you're doing I see what you're
doing sit off you one so as you guys
might know I think I might have told you
Missy and I are obviously huge Apple
fans we have like everything Apple iMac
iPads iPhones Apple TVs and the coolest
thing that we love is the Apple TV
because we're huge movie buffs and we
actually are like we love TV shows too
if we find a TV show that we both like
we'll like run through it like season 1
to season 10 let me know if you guys are
like that too because we were today
we found community on Hulu and we
watched season 1 through 3 I think we
were done with it within a week because
I don't know it's just how it is
but we are obsessed with movies and I am
obsessed with like filling our house
with movies like I think like my main
goal like my main thinking is like what
if like movies cease to exist at some
point and like we're never going to have
access to them so I guess you could say
I'm kind of like a hoarder in that way
but look at this you guys this is our
movie list on the Apple TV so this is at
the top a team never seen it I might add
but I have it there if I ever want to
see it and then let's just go down the
list hey these are the A's these are the
bees comment if you see one of your
favorite movies by the way alright this
is taking forever so I'm just gonna hold
this down there sees these
seriously it goes on and on here I'm
just gonna hold it down go all the way
to the bottom oh my gosh you see how
many movies we have you guys it's insane
like we are not going to watch all these
movies but like I said I'm just a
hoarder I have to have them all and
needless to say we have a really hard
time figuring out what we want to watch
I mean most of the time I feel like a
five-year-old because I want to watch
wreck-it Ralph click on your favorite
movie it's really cool
I want a bracket alright guys so he sees
the asleep so I'm going to go ahead and
end the vlog you guys for watching we
will see you tomorrow I promise
W there'll be another video tomorrow bye
guys Bailey is watching our Harlem shake
video just to just to my gosh that's
stuff for kids funny top
