Bayley is watching our Harlem shake
video just two just sent it to me he
loves it oh my gosh let's suffer him
funny okay
oh yeah
having a boy named good morning guys
well it's not really morning it's like
11:00 something Missy got really mad at
me this morning cuz I was supposed to go
with her to run errands on her job today
and I could not get out of bed I was up
until like 3:00 a.m. editing because we
had like three videos come out today we
had the Harlem shake
we had the daily vlog ed we had a new
video on Missy's channel come out today
I'm solos up forever editing I really
didn't mean to and I really wanted to
get out but I just couldn't get out I
hope she's not too mad at me but she
kind of sounded upset when she was
leaving and now I don't know where she
is because we're supposed to be going to
a doctor's appointment today and it's
with San Diego perinatal so it's a big
appointment who don't know where she is
I've lost my wife so this is only day
two and this is already like freaking me
out if you don't know I'm trying to grow
this out a little last night I was so
itchy it just like kept bitching like
I'm just not used to it so see what
happens but I don't know it's already
this and the like I don't really know
how long it's gonna last
any more of this you know I'm I should
still one from the doctor's appointment
today
I don't like there's actually a bit of a
smell oh really
stealing is bad kids oh there is baby
I'm demanding I know it it's louder than
usual huh his heart is getting bigger
their heart get bigger I think so I
don't think it stays the size of her
obviously I'm stupid I always get
nervous before our appointments yeah but
I'm really excited for this appointment
because I get to see him and I think
it's the like kind of good 90 scan so a
really good look to see how he's doing
which is like right now I'm really
nervous
I made a bladder
diagnosis neither man will your
friend the second pregnancy she got it
once
I won that one
or the
the stereo in that mean you can tell
yourself
you
the function is on
do you really think you feel some things
I thought I did was it like over right
here yes I felt it too so you probably
did it was it was different though I
mean I felt the baby kick before yeah
yeah it might have been like a rule I
felt more like a role to me are you
doing the move okay
don't feel anything it's pretty active
earlier maybe he's just taking a break
we just got done with our ultrasound and
we're there for ever but now we are
going to Ross again so I guess we just
loved going there yesterday they give
them enough money yesterday yeah so
we're going back today because I
actually have a huge dinner it's
supposed to be one of our biggest
dinners that were I work like a huge
event of the year
so that's on Saturday so I had to find
something that is going to fit on me and
be look nice
and we've been going through a lot of
questions I did want to kind of get a
lot of questions about where I work I
work as an awesome office manager and
made me I manage the office and I also
do help plan events like this event that
was we're hot doing and lots of events
throughout the year it helps promote and
build businesses so that's kind of what
I do as the office manager I kind of
help do that that's actually what I do
for a living for a modest living okay
what it sounds cute yeah really like I
do like this makes your bump look good
do you like that one I like a mole yeah
do you like it yeah I feel like now that
I have a bump it's not as like that
usually that's what I'm just covering up
oh no not like you get showed off cool
yeah yeah all right
you don't think it shows off your bump
as much huh yeah and I just I don't know
I don't think it's very flattering to me
I like clothes yeah but the straps just
fall okay
cuz he's going to Instagram to see what
dress you should get ya asked all all my
girls these cool chairs they have here
this one's got writing on it what do you
feel about these white ones I do like
those you would totally have like two
white chairs in your lock corner yeah
and then I can have two and you want to
be in it Bailey is watching our Harlem
shake video just to just send it to me
he loves it oh my gosh that's so freakin
funny thank you everyone
things see the top left to bottom right
which was these two so that's good and I
the only problem is that I just don't
know if I have shoes that would match
this I feel like I would mean like
silver shoes
Lizzie you have those silver sparkly
Tom's three times you can't wait Tom yes
of course you can it match that / it's
not even classy it's casual it's like
classic casual I feel like I need a
black dress because I have on shoes ask
your boss the boss is literally call
right now 20 minutes later yeah
we're shopping and she's on the phone
it's okay I just found this in a game
sonic - and I'm obsessed what's out
there grammar what do you say quick get
a point
give way what's out there Karma
I got a guy my guy we got a guy would
come and I know if you know this but I
can't do a heart with my hands really
it's like literally a square what no
mine - mine sucked - okay anyway on
today's vlog that went up we asked you
guys to give us some questions because
we wanted to do a Q&A with Missy and I
and I don't think we've ever done a Q&A
together we did do a husband tag that
was one of the very first videos that we
did on Missy's channel the bumps along
the way
it actually has like 300 views so I
don't think I don't really go through
those older videos because they were
kind of like not very good definitely
our first vlogs and we were probably a
little awkward in them - yeah but we did
a husband tag there if you guys want to
go see that I'll link it below just if
you guys want to take a trip down memory
lane
I say memory memory lane but it was
literally like four months ago and then
we started to sort of get our act
together on that channel yeah I guess
you could say yes we have our iPads and
our phones out with your questions and
we are going to go through them thanks
for going being on top of it we're
probably gonna get like a bunch more
questions after we film this but just
you guys know if your question doesn't
get answered and it doesn't get answered
in a future vlog we'll do a lot more of
these so you can put your question below
and we'll answer it or if it's like an
easy question maybe we will reply to you
oh and if we answer your question and
you ask the same questions and we're
sorry we're sorry we're just being
really casual about going we just go
through them and ask us with emotions
okay very distracting to look at
yourself as you're wrong okay keep
looking like okay this is kind of how
like doing a live show would be first
question when will the Q&A video be up
right now good question this question
from the same person how many siblings
do you have how many kids would you all
like to have I don't
question oh well I have it oh wait I was
really in the wrong spot okay what would
you like to boy-girl ratio what's your
feeling on disciplining well yeah that's
a lot there's a lot of questions in this
um let's ask the first I have one
sibling um it is my half-sister Beverly
and she actually lives in Idaho how many
kids would I like to have um two or
three I'm digging the two or three how
about you and I have one brother and one
sister so you have two siblings I have
two siblings one plus one is two
and how many kiddo I would like at least
three if not four but at least three two
sounds no not enough I need at least
three guys it's just funny because I I
have one sibling I grew up in a
household with two children and I'd like
to have two children and you grew up in
a household with three children and like
okay I don't know I think two kids is
it's good three or four but I know it I
mean it just depends next question from
Miss Teen Mom 2011 um those other
questions were by mommy's life by the
way thank you for asking why did you
take your piercings out you guys might
have seen on some old pictures on our
daily bombs Facebook page that I
actually had piercings right here I was
like I know what I mean um and I
had like long hair and I did the whole
thing but I actually I think I just like
woke up one day and I was so annoyed I
woke up and it was just like I slept
really bad because that like I would
roll over and then they'd like press on
my gums and was really annoying so I
just took them out and I also just I
have my girl oh yeah you did have a
monroe piercing I had him on your oh and
I had a little industrial yeah not a
septum what oh she's I don't know a
thing
Vidia cattle are not what kind of Trish
do you go to I actually work for a
church and it's a big church in one of
the bigger cities that we live and so we
try to attend service there as much as
we can on Sunday nights but usually our
scheduling doesn't really allow it
you've seen this gone to go to church a
couple times but not as much as we
really like to also a Christian Church
Trish in case you're wondering mommy's
life did ask will you breastfeed and you
when you plan on stopped breastfeeding I
can into that yeah
I'm not gonna be breastfeeding I would
100% plan on breastfeeding I feel very
confident that I will be doing that and
I planned a recipe till at least one
year from DMC xx oh where is Brian's
family where are they they actually live
in Idaho as I said my sister lives in
Idaho along with my mom they're pretty
much my immediate family we lost my
grandma last year but she also lived in
Idaho yeah and my mom likes to take
trips to California kind of gets her an
excuse to come to California and visit
me hopefully you guys will see them in
some future vlogs though because I love
my family
they're kind of kooky and crazy but like
me martina Moylan asks did your family
and friends support your getting married
so young or were they hoping you would
wait longer as far as my family my
family and definitely my friends
completely supported us getting married
we wanted to get married young bidwell
fan 22 says how and when did you and
missing me Missy and I actually met I
was 16 and she was 17 and we actually
met at a local fair in Idaho and she
thought I was really annoying yeah
sorry Barry says Germany loves you guys
thank you we love Germany I'd actually
really like to go there someday
penguin tastic asked how old were you
guys when you got married and what was
your wedding like we got married when we
were 18 years old we were both 18 our
wedding was beautiful it was inside of a
small church it was like dark and cozy
yeah a little twinkly lights um all
around it really it was just it was
beautiful very romantic like and we
loved it and there's actually some
pictures on our daily mom's Facebook
page too I think of the wedding
Kim Jan's asked what is your guys living
arrangement we get this question a lot
so our living arrangement is that we
live in this room which is technically
our garage but as you can see it is all
redone and transformed into like a
bedroom the rest of the house is my
family so my mom and my dad and my
brother and sister live in the middle of
likes the other side of house and our
area is a little bit more separated we
have a separate entrance so it's a
little bit more separated from the house
it's separated by two doors between the
house and garage
and it's kind of a it's a nice little
private area and obviously it's large
because it was a garage so we have a
nice little area separated for baby's
room amyandrob for 610 when do you plan
on moving into your own space when will
you have another baby it's kind of
related actually we do plan on living in
our own place eventually I don't think
we really want to rent I think where we
want to when we do move we want to be
able to buy a house and so we probably
won't really be doing that until that's
possible because I just we just hate
renting like it's just the idea like
throwing away money it's not really
going into anything um so we wouldn't
really like to rent or we'd really like
to buy our own house um and hopefully a
couple years after the baby's born
hopefully within two years we can be at
our own when will you have another baby
I actually we haven't we haven't talked
about it obviously because we need to
get this one out and I'd actually like
to have another baby sort of after all
the big mean baby milestones are done I
guess you can say I'm the opposite yeah
she wants to just keep trimming him out
I just would like I was actually asking
once the students we can try again like
have another baby
cariann asked you either you have any
tattoos and if not do you want any the
future I don't have any tattoos I have a
very low pain tolerance
um and Missy doesn't have any tattoos
but I would love some yeah I think we
definitely wanted to play off if you
guys don't know our favorite number is
eight because we got married on eight
eight oh eight um and it's kind of like
the eight is the sign of infinity just
because it goes on and we really like
that sort of symbol and so be cool if we
sort of got something like that and we
can just sort of share that experience
maybe you guys will see that on a future
vlog you'll see us get tattoos yeah I'll
be funny okay so Ashley caraway asks how
old are you both 23 23 Chan's Hayden's
mom do you guys shave karma yes we shave
karma we try and do it every three to
four months because his hair gets
outrageously long and it looks fun and
get everywhere yeah and our carpet is
not good for it yeah but we'd like to
just give him like a nice like summer
summer shave like every three to four
months Katie can fly 94 have either be
gone to college what did you major in
and what did you want to major in when
you went I did attend three years at
Boise State University in Idaho and my
major was photography I attended some
graphic design courses and some
photography courses and that's sort of
what led to my passion of you know being
behind the camera I never got to finish
because we actually moved to California
and I started pursuing business
opportunities with photography and
graphic design so I never felt really
the need to go back um but with three
years under my belt college I felt like
really prepared I guess for the business
world girl on fire 12 says love the
shoes very Justin Bieber thanks April
Richardson how long have you been
together
oh we have been together for four and a
half years five in August five and
August well I mean that's all I will be
married yeah that's true that's just our
marriage we have been we've been
together for almost seven almost seven
years yeah promise Jubilee
yay beardy Brian I can't wait um it's
actually getting like really annoying
I'm not gonna shave it though just gonna
see what happens I already look like
dirty
I got your normal face yeah thanks but
it'll it'll won't be that way
promise Julie also asked why does Missy
always strain her hair I strain my hair
because it's like ridiculously curly and
I actually I can manage it better when
it's straight and I like the feeling of
being able to run my fingers through it
when and when it's curly it's like
whatever um
you also asked what kind of burst you
want Missy and what role will your mom
play in it yes okay so for my birth I my
dream would be like water birth if no
birth because I'm such high risk I'll
probably in a hospital hopefully I will
be able to at least do the natural or if
I do get that possibility
I plan to completely go natural that is
what I want to do and my mom will be
right on my side as well Brian they're
my best friends
she also asked when my family thinks
about me eating my placenta which I'm
going to reword that and say that I'm
not eating it I'm going with I'm going
to capsulate it and take it like that
and um at first they definitely was like
what
it that's disgusting but then when I
explained it they were like oh yeah that
sounds great so they are totally
supportive of it
Lisa MN 81 here's a weird question what
is that thing to the left of your sink
in the bedroom I've seen you guys near
it a few videos and I had some weird
ideas a microwave a toaster oven the
thing in the wall this is actually
really funny because this room is sort
of here yeah this room is sort of set up
as like a studio apartment so we have a
little mini fridge and a sink and all
that but I'll actually I'll take this
camera and I'll show you guys so this is
it over here we have a sink and then
this is actually a microwave so you are
correct on that homey stir on this light
and it goes into the back of the closet
just a normal everyday microwave kind of
weird but
oh and I've only think we've used it
like a couple of times you know yeah it
was just there it came with the house
Angela stored oh are you guys planning
on filming during the birth of your son
absolutely I actually we talked to
Missy's ob/gyn the last visit we had and
I said hey just so you know we vlog
we're on YouTube and we've been
capturing everything and we really don't
want to miss that and he gave us a
thumbs up we will definitely be filming
the birth really excited about that yeah
because I mean why would we film all
this leading up to it and then not go to
like this huge event biggest moment of
our life yeah it's gonna be the biggest
moment of our life and we're not gonna
miss it we're not gonna miss getting it
on camera so even if that last minute if
they're like no no cameras allowed it's
it's gonna be hiding somewhere probably
it will be hi or I'll have like my
iPhone set up like recording well we'll
figure out a way because there's no way
we're missing that so but that's
actually the end of all your questions
so far if we didn't answer any of your
questions um just remember to put them
in a Q&A video the next time we do it
because we definitely be doing more of
these
I'm just so you guys can get a little
bit more insight on us I'll put the
links down below for the husband tag and
Missy's old Q&A and actually also put
the link if you guys are interested on
Missy's channel she's doing a Q&A with
her mom and we actually
- yeah we actually just put up that
video so if you guys have any questions
that you ever wanted to you know ask her
mom or get some more insight sort of on
Missy and her past and sort of how maybe
she was as a kid
um you can definitely go to Missy's
channel subscribe and leave a comment
below under though there'll be a lot of
pregnancy questions on there - yeah so
lots to know about my pregnancy current
pregnancy past pregnancies stuff like up
yeah anyway that's all we got it's late
it's like 10:50 I'm Owen Ben I have to
add at this end be up early I go to work
but thank you guys for watching and we
will see you tomorrow
these are VJ I was like let me know what
your oxide is so cool
countries with everything oh my gosh
that is so cool I thought I said bathing
- it says Bobby pig Oh I was like
perfect
just like his daddy we
