I got a mom fun of a mom pumping these
look like mom jeans
kinda so my officially a dad if I like
the mom but now maybe I'm okay I'm gonna
get okay
oh yeah
having a birthday so I'm checking my
heart or the baby's heartbeat right now
but I just noticed that right now I'm
listening to my heartbeat and if you
watch you can actually see my belly move
with my heartbeat you see it something
so weird I think so here's the baby's
heartbeat look at this yummy moot
Cassie misses little sister is obsessed
with beef jerky so now we make our own
using this little dehydrator thing and
then the bottom one has chili a little
chili powder and then the top one has
lots of pepper so we're experimenting
with those two cuz I like spicy yeah I
wanted a little extra spice last time I
was a little sweet so I wanted a little
bit of a spice I was watchin CTFxC this
morning and Charles was talking about
how if you want your wife or girlfriend
to spend puffy amount of time in the
bathroom you just convince her to cut
half her hair off I would never do that
I don't think that would go because if I
cut off half my hair um my hair I'd be
like this and that would be like this
and then I have to figure out how to get
it like this it's actually tamer
because it's longer so that's not this
Tara trip okay gave me some trouble but
I finally got the vlog up I don't know
why sometimes like it just goes really
smoothly and other times I just had to
spend a little bit more time to get it
to like actually work so I had actually
uploaded it and then I walked away and
then I came back and it was like noon
and it was flashing an error saying like
YouTube rejected the upload or something
like that and so I had to like redo the
whole thing
but it's up and I mean it's only like an
hour late Missy Missy Missy are you in
here Missy see where are you
where is Missy she's gone I've literally
been looking for her for like 30 minutes
oh my god Missy you bribed you know get
all I've been looking for you we are
going ding yay we got all these sweet
board games they have they even have a
twilight one did you want this Twilight
the movie board game Oh like an actual
like set it's brand-new the egg tribute
questions even though it's better good
enough to answer trivia all about the
Cullens on her first day of school
Jessica see you can play it - love this
game hi-ho cheerio I write it something
to cheer with all these cherries and you
got to get them all into your basket
maybe like you I don't know what that
means but then maybe pick up three and
get to throw me a basket I don't know I
remember it was a big pain in the butt
because there's all these little pieces
I'm surprised that a thrift store they
still have all these hey wait is he in a
pickle I've totally played this before
yeah there's a sofa sit in a shopping
cart like baby goes in the bathtub which
is in the house and Hollywood like it's
just so cool I can't find my phone I
just checked Percy's phone and it says
that I'm at home well my phone says so
that's awesome su-gyeong maternity jeans
I think it works on four five five I
mean it's about to be summer and these
are pretty warm I mean yeah I feel
awesome cool no I think it like I like
holds your belly and nice it doesn't it
feel like supportive my belly's not pay
enough to be not supported yeah but it
still is kind of comfortable
these look like jeans that you would
wear how's about luck that's important I
think it looks like a mom I got a mom
now for the mom puppet these look like
mom jeans
so my officially a dad if I like the mom
but now maybe I'm never had a pair of
jeans that don't drive like perfect
okay Cassie's got up you grew your hair
out just for this Cassie all right guys
so for our final dare it's not so much
of a dare but more of a request well a
lot of people have been wanting us to do
a Harlem shake so we so we are just
getting everything ready to go now we're
gonna have a lot of people participate a
lot of people who you've seen in our
vlog so far in the daily vlog you'll see
some familiar faces you'll see some
funny things I just think it's gonna be
really cool you're gonna see us do it
today we're gonna see you're gonna see
sort of like some behind the scenes
stuff and then we'll actually release it
tomorrow
you're watching this vlog today you'll
actually see it tomorrow on the twelve
because the 12th is sort of going to be
like the last day I guess of voting you
can still vote up until the 13th until
like four o'clock this is going to be
our last air on the 12th you guys will
see it go live with that vlog hope you
guys like it because we are getting a
lot of people and a lot of stuff
involved so should be cool
excited karma you excited boy I realize
I'm still wearing my slippers they're
really comfy is that baby hey you
excited baby girl cool car I haven't
seen your new car yet hi Bailey girl oh
that's cute
pride stands are looking at a crime I
think make sure so she can't walk well
up CJ you excited gonna dance huh stood
a Harlem shake
he definitely look a little weird
carrying all this stuff he's going
fishing at the park some I actually work
that's cool alright so we are starting
the Harlem shake again Missy's just
doing her thing over here I don't know
what she's doing but she's gonna be
dancing like the beginning of the Harlem
shake and then everyone's like gonna go
crazy it's gonna be like really really
cool so we're expecting a few more
people to get here and okay so we are
Harlem shaking now poor ha ha ha ha go
CJ go CJ awesome yeah that was awesome
CJ everyone looks so good like we got
the little farm girl and Teddy and
taralyn and even karma you were in a
karma you're good I was really good that
was super fun thank you guys we won't
stop Harlem shaking
go CJ go CJ's gonna shake booty shake
whoo it's hot out here but I hope you
guys enjoy the Harlem shake it's gonna
be up tomorrow you're watching this it's
gonna be up tomorrow so I'm gonna be
editing I make it really really good for
you guys do you guys see this it's like
a hummingbird
it's like hovering above the ground
cover coolin what you doing in there boy
all right I'll let you out
no sorry boy hi Carla take a look he
always goes into this little kennel and
then we locked him in to see what he'd
do any freaked out Claire bear I know
I'm just adorable he is probably the
cutest cat ever yeah ever I mean look at
this look at this cuteness like and he's
just pure white and beautiful Missy
wanted a girl cat and even if he wasn't
a girl he was gonna have a girl name so
we call him Claire bear and then when we
found out he was actually a boy we just
say oh it's Claire short for Clarence
yeah I called parents everyone so well
he has the name of a black comedian
everyone smile we joke around when he's
out cuz he goes out alone and I figure
he's out partying with his friends I
imagine when they say what's your name
he goes hi my name is Claire bear okay
get that erotic I don't imagine our cat
hanging out with other cats each night
he was Claire bear he is not fun to
sleep with at night that we let him in
and he cuddles with us and then he goes
to the end of the bed and attacks the
crap out of our feet yeah like what he
made me bleed through the sheets once
cuz he dug his claws so deep into my
toes about four o'clock this morning and
went up to me and just smacked my face
and started hitting me we
yes check out what we got guys red
velvet pop-tart
what they're so good they're really
really sweet so they're not like a
breakfast I would never eat these for
breakfast but I like eating them as a
snack because they're less calories and
an actual red velvet cupcake all right
guys so we've just been playing in a
pickle tonight that's the game we got at
their store and it's actually pretty fun
so in place for our dare for today we
gave you guys a sneak peek of the Harlem
shake video that we film today and it's
so freakin cool oh my gosh I like just
finished it and we've been watching it
and it's just so cool I cannot wait for
you guys to see it that is going to be
up tomorrow with tomorrow's vlog so
don't miss it because it's going to be
amazing and if you are a loyal daily
bumps viewer or even a bumps along the
way viewer you're going to love this
Harlem shake I promise you that but
anyway it's getting really late it's
Sunday she's got to get up early for
work I've got bunch of things to do
tomorrow so gonna call it a night and go
to bed thank you guys for watching and
we will see you tomorrow
always excited
this is the first one look at they have
this temple run where is that it's so
cool
