Oh traffic noises coming from him what
please
it's been raining and pouring off and on
all day & kammath sad home karma I
really want to take him to the dog park
today because he did such a good job
yesterday huh oh boy but he would just
get all muddy and track it all in the
house would be this big ordeal and we'd
have to wash but he smells so good maybe
tomorrow
boy okay today's kind of a bummer day
because Missy gets off work I actually
have to go to work so it's one of those
days where like our schedules just
overlap each other and we hardly see
each other so I've just been working all
morning and trying to get some stuff
finished for my other job before I head
to my other job and hopefully I don't
get off too late I know it is Friday so
she doesn't work in the morning but she
still hates staying out late she's like
an old soul so she likes to go to bed
early I was like vanilla issue yeah it's
like a vanilla cinnamon later pumpkin oh
yeah it's not like I'm someone Cassie
said it's something for Noah frosty
that's what I've been smelling that's
what this is yeah what are you putting
it um it's got oranges lemons a little
bit of butterscotch a little bit of
pumpkin spice and nice that's cool and
you just put it on low yeah well I got
it to a boil knife a little low then I
just keep going up with water yeah it
smells super good
so I ran buy fresh and easy the other
day and they have these really cool to
go things and I got lobster mac and
cheese for real you guys this looks so
good
can't wait to try this and also what was
cool is this whole thing is 600 calories
so this is like a really good meal
because I try to keep my meals between 5
to 600 calories so this is something
that I could definitely eat for like a
whole meal so I'm gonna eat it for lunch
real fast before I have to head to work
really this looks so good with a baby on
our head
I liked your picture of your belly this
morning on Instagram yeah that's so cool
definitely I think yeah looks bigger
from this angle yeah Oh mango you see
that every day yeah and the stripes make
it look bigger too yeah
Bailey why are you crying don't cry just
go to sleep she likes it I'm doing it
babies like it when you blow on them
she's holding her bottle when did that
happen
good job
what up CJ
who's this this is the hole yeah he's
pretty cool huh
and Bumblebee aren't these both good
guys
oh you have them fight yeah like Hunger
Games traffic noises coming from him
what please
so me and my sister are off to run
errands signs at work so hopefully he'll
be off soon he was one of the first to
go in for dinner so he's he's working
his waiting job so hopefully we'll be
off soon and maybe we'll do something
fun I'm usually exhausted by the time he
gets home because it's always late like
8 or 9 and I just got so tired by then
that I just want to like go to bed or
watch a movie or something so I don't
know we'll see how I'm feeling once he
gets home cannot find a spot
anywhere
oh I found one except it's like really
far away so we're headed into Walmart
Brian really wants me to check for Hulk
hands and see what the prices are
I don't know why at first I was like no
we're not buying Hulk hands but then he
got me when he said he wanted to play
with karma with them anything that he
says that has to do with karma I'm like
sure if that's what you want then we'll
get karma so we hope toys all right I
think I found him
but he doesn't want in the talk to these
talk I don't know they just kind of
blame to me like the they're really
small
karma really love the boxing gloves we
don't want to tear up those so small
yeah and they're almost like they're for
children I don't even know if Brian's
hands are fitting hey there's a small
one cast in there
yeah it's for like a little kid right in
mind go I think they're all sold out of
mine this is where they were bad wild
corner yeah I have been craving
chocolate
well mostly you've been craving milk I
have to have chocolate if I have milk so
I couldn't just get you know a piece of
chocolate bar I had to get chocolate
cake
yeah and frosting so I could have milk
probably not good
I'm just craving sweets well I'm always
craving sweets it's not really
technically a pregnancy thing so it is a
baking time I'm making my chocolate cake
and I actually went ahead and got say
figs because I was thinking I'm probably
not gonna be able to resist eating that
cake batter because I love cake batter
so I got my say things which if you
haven't watched the video about my say
figs you should it's on the bumps along
the way channel but I talked about you
know how they're actually really are
safe for pregnant women to eat eggs
these eggs at least so I am making my
cake cake and I'm going to eat the cake
batter and possibly bake it but probably
bake it and my sister is making me rice
krispie treats so well I wanted them to
but she really wanted rice krispies
treats oh all right here we go so good
oh my gosh this is like the best this is
this is honestly this is heaven and it's
done okay so I get home from work and
this is what I find lasagna
rice krispies and chocolate cake
chocolate cake like that's so not there
they know I'm on a diet and it's like
they're trying to make up for it are you
here in the middle of warfare right now
yeah am i annoying you
I gotta cheat you with an arrow kill him
slice his head off it's only a flesh
wound are you team red yeah what do you
have to push hmm what do you have to
push the cart what's what in the cart
ten values in it
can pollute their waters oh oh look I
was in right and he attacked you
yeah happens a lot he's old I'm sorry
boy did I wake you up I don't want to
wash him cuz then it'll smell different
nicely starting to smell like dog pee
smell I was like I'm just telling him
that when you walk the way I was like
you look at we were noticing after we
got his haircut know if you can see they
cut off his whiskers on the side of his
face are they supposed to do that do
those grow back dad yeah like he needs
those he misses someone tweeted me and
they were like karma wink when you
called him mr. gray and he does he winks
all the time I think so if you guys
hadn't noticed by now Missy and I um
were kind of big Justin Bieber fans we
listened to him a lot but I just did the
rap for I think the first time I said
the whole thing yeah that was pretty
cool huh yeah cool how does it start
again
maybe I can do it again I know this
makes sense but you're my hallelujah
give me a time a place I rendezvous I
fly to it I beat you there girl you know
I got you us trust a couple things I
can't spell without you now we on top of
the world that's just how we do and we
know the sky's the limit now the sky's
our point of view you'll be stepping out
like well Oh God
cameras pointing shoe ask me what's my
best side I stand back and point at you
you you the one that I argue with over
like neither you gonna be bothered with
but the grass ain't always greener on
the other side it's been with you water
it so I know we got issues baby true
true true but I rather work on them and
start with someone new as long as you
love me as long as you let me hyung
karma he really did we
yeah it the best times oh and really
awkward times like okay he's obsessed
with going into into the bathroom with
us
I basically ever since he was a baby I
just took him to the bathroom with me
any time and so now if I'm in the
bathroom he's in the bathroom he sits
down he always just like looks at me and
he winks at me while I'm on the toilet
it's so awkward like don't wink at me
I'm gay I honestly just think he's lazy
he doesn't know how to blink both eyes
at the same time hi MA lookie so he
knows we're talking about now and he was
up like what is in your mouth
give hairy mouth what Karma hey Louise
poke it and pull in and yanking him
what's what
what sorry I'm sorry um anyway guys so
he was like up all night last night and
he was crying and finally I got up to go
to the bathroom and he comes crawling
out of your side of the bed Oh under the
bed yeah he does that he goes under the
bed all night crying oh yeah that was
you huh
I don't want to get hurt cuz there might
be nails sticking out over there Oh long
kiss
I'm karma now we're just gonna talk all
about her this is the thing is is that
he's our baby and once we have a baby
we're gonna be talking all about our
baby so right now he's our baby right
now huh you just love him and we don't
want him to feel left out when the baby
comes
yeah I'm sure we're still going to talk
about a ton but people are thinking why
do you talk about your dog all the time
because he's my baby so we are getting
ready to watch Celeste and Jesse forever
on the Apple TV is ole and I'm pretty
excited because I love rashida Jones and
I love Andy Samberg we're like big SNL
fans before she did Jones she's the girl
in Parks and Rec the nurse her nurse
around oh yeah and so actually Justin
Bieber's gonna be on SNL tomorrow huh
that that should be easy also the singer
know usually they just host and then
they have a singer I'm not sure who's
singing Lumineers no they were already
on now sometimes they host and sing
really yeah I don't know anyway so we're
gonna watch Celeste and Jesse forever
and then we're gonna go to bed tomorrow
is Saturday so I actually get to spend
the day with my love all right take a
night Karma
good night gorge good night thank you
guys for watching and we will see you
tomorrow bye bye mr. gray karma Fifty
Shades of Australian Shepherd oh boy
huh the exit I mean he is a lover and he
does like to wrestle all the signs are
so
