I got a bathroom over here we will call
you the back right now
all right guys so I'm just now leaving
work I had to be at work early and I was
late and not only was I late but it
wasn't even my normal manager that was
working it was actually the general
manager over every single restaurant so
that's nice but I'm just now leaving
work Missy should be off soon I'm not
sure what we're doing today but I still
want to go bowling she didn't take my
bowling yesterday stuff so Missy gets
home from work this is the first thing
she does she takes her pants off
humber hand not like naked baby really
show me oh I didn't see you put those on
yeah she literally will take off all her
clothes take out her hair take off her
makeup and get into bed we tell him what
you actually say to me no no I watched
his show once and it was about this
about how the ladies get all gussied it
up and like they go to work and they're
like a ten and they're wearing like high
heels and the nice skirt and they got
the hair all up and their makeup all did
and then they get home and they take it
all off and they go down to a five I've
never told you that you were a five I
just told you about that joke okay you
referred to it though before quit trying
to make me look bad
I think I want to try something with
Karma because he always wants to get in
our room and we always have to get up
and open the door for him so I was
thinking what if we tied something to
the knob and then have him like grab it
with his teeth and pull open the door
and then come in no way yeah do you
think he could do it you should want
enough puppy Zoey oh hi hi karma nice to
see you today
look how little he is now that he has no
fur he just wants to keep shaking my
heat don't you
you want Joe to EE alright I'll give it
you had she today huh come here he knows
where I hide them right behind the TV
whoa
which one husband he tried has he tried
the met once has he tried these ones
this one is a strawberry I haven't tried
this one I'm not gonna eat it I can eat
it come here right okay okay come on
come on come on come on I didn't tell
you to do anything karma it's being
crazy oh okay
let me set it on your nose and then you
flip it up in the air and grab it nope
nope hand out that nope No don't hit me
nice trick karma this is beau oh he's
got no boat today he took off his bow
still got his best-in-show though he
actually won Best in Show I'm just
kidding they give that to all the dogs
so yesterday when we were looking for
boxing zones I told me see that we
should use Hulk hands and she was like
no I don't want to use Hulk hands and
then I realized that I had suggested her
that we use Hulk hands because I really
want whole cans so I think I'm gonna get
some so I can play with Karma with him
he looks so formal actually with his
hair I'll cut like the way he stands I
feel like he needs to have like a tie on
or something well stay stay being pretty
dang cooperative okay that goes over a
little and then it comes out through I
do not understand step 3
check out that tied it it's actually
really good too I couldn't tie it on
Connor because he was not cooperating
okay look so nice and classy with his
new haircut
definitely needed a tie you're so cute
no nor mine don't bite it wait so he
doesn't like it karma that is not very
gentlemanlike you keep your tie on sit
you look nice
why don't you like it you know who's
whose tie that looks like mr. gray hi
Hong karma he wouldn't ever fifty Shades
of Australian Shepherd oh boy huh he
likes it I mean he is a lover
need another boy and he does like to
wrestle all the signs just are so clear
check us out Missy is famous in our
house put her on the big screen
so I woke up this morning and we have a
little problem with our sink the plug is
broken and it's stuck and it's like
really in there too I tried putting
something to like Jimmy it but I can't
do it
and being the husband I should be able
to just like fix it because you know
that's the main thing to do but I'm not
very good with my hands I'm good at
Photoshop I can do cool things on
Photoshop but fixing things around the
house not so much is there a way you can
lift it from from below so Chinese not
anything attached like this thing isn't
attached to it yeah I think sucks this
thing I was just telling him how I'm not
very handy that's funny
and you are yeah there you get like a
screwdriver and like a flathead you okay
I'm good at retrieving things here try
this little thing
I said she always fixes everything good
job babe just Brian doing what he does
best
after I fix the sink
over here on the back right there now
huh thank you boy bro
thank you good boy yeah good boy
good job hey pull me you think they'll
be able to do it though when we want him
to come in
yeah we're going to we're going to teach
him next that Cassie's gonna go in there
and then whenever you old he goes in
there good good we go smartest dog in
the world right there yeah we're not
gonna say any kasi just say come here
eat your treat cool to your food okay
every time we give him a treat he stores
it like in under his tongue cuz he acts
like he's starved to death okay any
chokes on it come in karma
good boy boy boy huh good boy all right
guys that's it for us you saw a lot of
karma in this vlog he's actually being
really really good and I think he
actually might get the hang of pulling
the door open himself it's just so
annoying in the middle of night when
he's scratching on the door because he
wants to get in and sleep with us and
he's actually made it a habit to go
outside through the back go to the side
door and then scratch at the metal side
door that is also another entrance to a
room which is so annoying
oh I did want to ask you guys what is
your favorite part about our vlogs is
that karma is that Missy you know is it
baby stuff um what do you guys like to
see I'm kind of just interested as for
us we are getting ready to head to bed
leave a comment below and like this
video if you did thank you guys for
watching and we will see you tomorrow
bye it's actually really cool right
beautiful job
my farm one click okay who compete
