the room is not dark no you're fine is
it dark it's not dark in here is it it's
really dark there we thought okay what
do you think it is what do you think I
did in here well the only thing that
you've said is for three hours
you said pregnant you said it has to do
with being pregnant no that has to do
with your pregnancy uh did you make a
scrapbook you needed tape I could okay
why don't you just take off your mask
and look Oh God look where which way
look exactly where your head where you
pointed okay wait so I'm I'm looking
towards the bed yes okay
good morning guys
Missy and I are actually headed out the
door at the same time this morning she's
headed to work I've got a meeting for
work karma come on say good morning good
morning boy it's still hard getting used
to him like all shaved down like that
I'm so tired
I had the bright idea to drink a tall
glass of iced tea at midnight not even
thinking so I was wired all night and I
think I went to bed till like 4:00 a.m.
and it's now like 8:00 something so
definitely gonna need a nap later I
think have enough time to take 40 no I
shouldn't I should be leaving read this
second
hey let's go read the sunglasses as easy
oh here there it's cold Missy love you
later have a good day baby I'm probably
gonna take a nap later I'm tired you can
always take a nap under her desk at work
click on the office
oh that's really cold really should have
put on jacket I was not thinking so I am
all finished with my meeting now
and Missy texts me and she says she's
starving she's never just hungry
she's either like starving or so
ridiculously full that she feels like
she's gonna die that is my wife she
lives in extremes I'm gonna get gas and
grab her something to eat gas is $4 when
did that happen I don't know if it's
because I'm out of stupid Chevron cuz
like I'm putting I'm about to die $4
that's ridiculous so I totally install
actually on the side of the road they're
selling strawberries already and I
remember when Missy and I got
strawberries at the farmers market we
didn't think they'd be ready cuz usually
they're not super sweet like ripe until
summer um but they were amazing so I'm
gonna grab some strawberries and see if
they're sweet yeah these strawberries
are so amazing he actually told me that
they did ripen early this year usually
um it's not for like another month or
two and he said they're even just got to
get better so Missy is gonna be so
stoked I got this huge box baby we'll
look you know I'm surrounded by your
brain
maybe I can see hello so I just got to
miss his work and you guys probably
can't see but there's people falling
from the sky look at them falling for
the sky I totally want to do that
someday
that looks awesome how about those
strawberries delicious yeah they are so
good our strawberries 0 Cal No
are you sure oh thanks hon you're out
8/3 so I am obsessed with the monopoly
scratcher on my birthday I want a
hundred bucks and so now they have me
hooked so every now and then when I
passed my machine I'll grab a lottery
ticket just just try my luck nothing ok
so I have been locked in a room for like
two and a half hours now and I've been
putting together a surprise for me see
for when she gets home um she got home
like an hour a little bit over an hour
ago
and she's been sitting outside and I
told her I have a surprise and so she's
not allowed in here so I'm gonna go get
her so I can show her what I just did I
have a surprise for you Missy hey I've
been doing it for like three hours
I'm really excited for you to see it
will you come on okay so I have a
blindfolded follow me Oh watch out for
the fringe taking you down the hall ah
no girl the room is not dark no no
you're fine is it dark it's not dark in
here is it it's really dark there really
dark okay what do you think it is what
do you think I did in here well the only
thing that you said is for three hours
you said pregnant you said it has to do
with being pregnant no it has to do with
your pregnancy uh did you make a
scrapbook you needed tape I could okay
why don't you just take off your mask
and look Oh God look where which way
look exactly where your head where you
pointed okay wait so I'm I'm looking
towards the bed yes okay
yeah Keep Calm and baby on earth cute do
you like it what does it mean
coz you're pregnant I'm so cute that
bird by hand we did it
this stencil no I had I printed all
right designed it all in Photoshop and I
printed it out and then I taped it on
there Wow and then I like colored it in
and then I had to darken it hey full on
art project in here yeah pretty much
that's so cute look how nice it turned
out though yeah keep calm and be
pregnant look how perfect it has little
talons and yeah like feet and a baby
head and big feet yeah it's really good
thanks I can't believe I just spent
three hours on that
well I'm tell him well I wanted it to be
perfect super cute it's like right in
the middle to perfectly centered uh yeah
most of it was measuring so I can make
it perfectly in the center yeah you like
it yeah okay it's your project I know
thank you kids
mmm I need to go eat now really crazy
pregnant woman so we just got done
filming Missy's giveaway video for her
channel but I think I'm just gonna call
it a wrap I'm just really really tired
you guys I'm like I'm so hungry and I
felt like I've eaten nothing today
tomorrow is gonna be a busy day I've got
a lot of video editing to do I gotta put
up Missy's video if you're watching this
check out her channel the bumps along
the way it should be up within today and
the giveaways gonna run for a week and
it's really easy to enter she's got some
really cool stuff she's giving away if
you're a guy there's some cool stuff for
your girl if you're a girl there's some
cool stuff for you or if you have a
little baby girl you should definitely
check it out because it's a pretty sweet
price so and there's gonna be five
winners on that go check out her
giveaway video later on today I know I
put these vlogs up early so it probably
won't be up until like noon to two ish
headed to my channel Bryan Lanning TV
thank you for all the likes on my same
shirt video it's like I think it's got
half the amount of likes as it does
views which is insane like half of the
people who are watching it are clicking
that like button so that's really really
cool we worked really hard on that and I
think it's just a really funny skit and
so if you guys like it please share it
let me know in the comments you know
that channel is kind of just away from
me to just like get like my artistic the
out there because if it stays in here
then I just start freaking out so it
sort of gives me another outlet to do
creative things and to come up with
creative things every Monday you know
that's sort of like a challenge to
myself and I enjoy doing it so I enjoy
seeing your guys's reaction to it so I
just love that you guys all thought it
was so funny so head on over to that
video if you haven't seen it yet go see
it
click that like button throw it on your
Facebook show your friends but that's
all I got so thank you guys so much for
watching again we will see you guys
tomorrow you see this is a dog buffet
it's not for humans I dare you something
to see I dare to eat my cookies oh it's
huggy blog
do you boy just chew on myself oh the
stick is a big - that's grateful Oh a
awful yeah so we got his ears cleaned we
got
