oh okay now I understand
holy moly okay okay good
Oh
having a boy named hello somebody out
there but seriously I feel so dead I was
up till 5:00 in the morning I just had
so many things to do and so I just I was
just up all night getting them all done
I may have eaten some things that I'm
not very proud of well this morning with
an empty lunchable on top of me
beef jerky chocolate cookies so pretty
much today I am going to be eating salad
oh man I had I even woke up and I just
started I just started editing again and
I just finished yesterday stare that
missy did the blindfolded food taste
challenge which is hilarious I watched
it and I almost peed myself because it
was so funny so that's uploading right
now I had to do it separate then
yesterday's vlog because it was like 14
minutes just on its own it I didn't want
to cut anything out because it was just
too funny you guys it's insane
I stink and my breath is just disgusting
and I feel like I just need to take a
shower and go back to bed and start over
tomorrow it's funny huh Hawaii had such
a hard time with the ranch I feel like
back to normal now that I like a shower
and everything I woke up and I was just
like I felt so disgusting and then I
like just started working again I don't
know if that's like being more
productive you know because I'm up all
night getting things done but then I
wake up and I feel disgusting and I
can't get anything done so I can
counteract herself Missy you have a
water bottle why do you I'm sorry
I need your apple juice you don't take
cups into the car they don't have lids
oh so I asked you where my dad got
that water bottle and I just wanted to
let you know that it was at Target
tarjay sure that's how you pronounce it
they're a French company I come on
target
I'm American render the store so I can
grab a Caesar salad cake because I'm
starving and I someone jumped through
last night and Missy come straight to
the style she wants cupcakes he likes to
make the house smell like it so she can
torment me devil's food or no hey let's
go I'm starving come on Missy come on
I'm leaving my wife the store bye she
would totally love to live in mesial so
all right so oh my gosh sounds scary all
right so all right so all right so I
always just got those out anyway okay
um okay I gotta know I can't start it
now if you want to say so
hey say all right just say I ah know me
I know right hmm hey I'm just gonna
start over me and Brian just got another
lottery ticket
fun oh wait remember that Lucky Penny
yeah you were supposed to use that what
whatever we were walking through Winco
and he found a penny all right with
heads up and it was over and knew it was
like a part I told him he needs to use
donors next lottery ticket so that cuz
it's probably lucky
what'd I do with it is it using your
parking it it's gone
there's no hope anymore all right well
we'll just use this one unlucky penny
I guess when me some money please all
right thank you
oh my gosh okay so we just pulled in to
our house and we're freaking out okay we
just lost psych Missy said it was the
penny yeah and his $5 we stopped
don't forget your cup she leaves those
in my car all the time
Oh coming on some salad he actually
loves lettuce and bell peppers huh yes
oh it was cut weird and I squirted it
everywhere can't believe I did that
this is one of those Caesar salad kits
it's a light one it's like think like
200 hours of youth the whole bag so it's
like really yummy thank you let's get
off our blindfold Oh actually use quite
often these days yeah you're the best
wife ever you know that why ha just go
get some chicken - it's really cool
diseased little chicken breast you can
eat two for 120 calories and I just pan
frying with olive oil which is zero Cal
and then I season I'm with black pepper
chili powder onion powder and garlic
powder so this is really good to put in
shake so Bryan seeing his salad out of a
huge bowl but I can't really talk too
much because I'm eating my ice cream out
of the bowl what do you mean talk mine
eating solid is healthy yeah I know but
we're just very unprepared we're not we
should have put our stuff in bowls and
came out your knee this is way easier I
know that's why this is way easier
that's just sad that's lazy that's what
that is
no I try to get the baby move I hear ice
cream works I was just telling miss
earlier that I feel like my shirts are
like all too big for me
um but I think that's kind of like
wishful thinking but she killed me if I
use that as an excuse to go to Old Navy
and buy more shirts you know gain some
weight back ah you can leave you just
said that I really hope you guys enjoyed
our video yesterday of my taste testing
that was a lot of fun and quite
disgusting we fought for you because it
looked like you were in a nightmare if
it was really really hard and it I was I
was surprising myself because I don't do
something I don't try thing I just don't
like things and so but I just felt like
you know what first of all he's done so
much I mean he he whacks the part of his
like and so I was like I gotta take some
kind of crap I mean come on I'm being
kind of a baby here so that's why I
decided to just go for it and take it
now it's Brian's turn and he we have
decided on a good one firm today so
that's another one that I think he's
probably not gonna be happy with for a
while but I decided to go with eyebrow
threading
so we're headed there right now we are
gonna obviously it I'm gonna make sure I
don't want his eyebrows to look like a
woman I just you know I wanted to feel
the pain a little bit I don't want them
to look like a woman's either yeah she's
just gonna push them a little bit main
thing is from to experience the eyebrow
threading part are you sure that you
didn't just like when you had it done
that you didn't just like freaked out
for no reason was it really that painful
do you want me to tell you the truth or
freaking out right now we're in front of
the place and I don't want to go in
distractions do you want something I'm
gonna see that we're we're very lucky
today our quarters you got quarters grab
bobby pins who is keen my gosh look at
all stuff in here you have one for how
much is this one - please do
I don't carry around change
okay so I just looked to at the place
that we're about to go in
and the only lady that's available is
the one who didn't missus who is not
very nice sweetie I don't know she was
like ripping about last time
do it
how long ago was it how about month ago
yeah and it was not a fun experience for
her yeah oh okay
now I understand holy moly okay I got it
I got it down I got it out oh my god
okay I get it
okay okay okay okay oh this is fun I'm
sorry I'm gonna try and toughen up
toughen up holy what was that looks good
no not that part yeah it definitely
looks good maybe don't you the bottom no
you do need to the bottle I don't get
you the ball Brian sit down stop it
relax yeah it's all red
it's just a little bit relaxed okay what
are we doing now
oh my god okay hang on let me just take
a deep breath oh it's actually not bad
oh just kidding oh okay
okay okay I'm sorry you understand okay
Oh
where do they all go when you when it
fire they like pulled out okay you're
doing a great job you're so patient
no I thinking okay I'm good thank you
Oh easy they stay look perfect oh you D
Bush them Wow Oh reminded me of my time
I felt dizzy I remembered what it felt
like again oh my gosh only for you guys
okay only for you guys each little thing
yeah I could feel it being home yeah oh
my god but they look fine
it was totally no they actually looked
better actually like like this
oh yeah well don't get used to this okay
oh my gosh I can't believe I cannot
believe I just did that for you guys
that was torture look at me I shake I'm
shaking because I'm so painful oh my god
you guys about everything in a really
good dares for Missy tomorrow because
this is just gonna be oh god I just hope
that see I was like you owe me I'm
buying a new pair of shoes now I don't
care how much they are getting cleaner
dollar Nikes I'm just kidding I wouldn't
do that he looks like he's giving birth
oh my gosh that is so funny I have to
dress him is the only way shoes on is to
put him I bet it's the only way to get a
short drop okay so we're looking at hats
unless you just said my eyes look like
they're swelling now no well red they
are damn good the other side all right
thank you
uh-huh hurt so bad oh my god it looks so
good look at that this pretzel place
over here was doing pretzels for $1 for
just today so we grabbed some pretzels
and that looks so
we forgot napkins so now Missy has to go
steal some from this chocolate place oh
man so we had a busy day of shopping and
running around and where's at home now
just gonna burn Macy's does my good
first yeah this is really comfortable
though these pillows are nice even this
is Martha Stewart Missy this is what
this is what it's like to stay at Martha
Stewart's house Oh send her guest
bedroom my back feel all really better I
bet she'd make us a killer breakfast huh
yeah she cooks right yeah she'd make us
do craft time though so goes to jail
Missy feels like so three years ago
comfy is it comfy this is really soft
I hate these the kind that have like you
can like write stuff that I'm puh
I wrote poom is he here Oh poo on it
there's no one down here
there's really no one here
can't hardly shut once again we found
nothing although she's are like I like
over $100 and it's stupid Matt yeah now
I'm back sorry
Oh what and we actually to push the door
is this worse than ever
ah so after karma was jumping around
with that balloon yesterday like I've
been wanting to get boobs ever since cuz
that was so funny I could not stop
laughing I was like hysterically
laughing and I really want to see him do
it again and the only reason it popped
right the only reason it popped was
because um hey Jessica yeah yeah Josh
Jana wasn't even karma so he could
possibly in a sibling huh he could
possibly have like kept it going for
like ever so I'm gonna get like a big
guy home and like blow him up at the dog
park Tomas so I'm really I did don't
attack it gonna come he loves it it's
stretching right here thank you can it's
just starting to get so tight like feel
it yeah I feel but there's no you don't
have any stretch mark no I can just feel
it's just getting so tight like it's
starting to like pull yeah do you think
you're gonna get stretch marks do you
care not really
obviously I will do whatever I can to
prevent it
oh I'm not doing that much right now I
don't really think that genetics or you
know like stretch marks or in magnetics
actually has pretty good genetics for
that so yeah not like crazy worried
about it how am I getting ready to check
the heartbeat and give me like oh oh oh
my gosh we're gonna freaking out right
now
do you think I don't feel anything feel
right here right here I can feel that
yeah I think that's something where the
baby is right now
mm-hmm I was just saying how I'm like
been getting a little bit more anxious
lately and now I can like feel something
he's just in there do a little flip yeah
yeah you can definitely feel yeah this
hard spot right here uh-huh I think he's
too little dick to actually be filling
his body parts yeah like you know soon
you'll like maybe it like seven months
you'll start feeling like boys and
elbows is hard right here so that's
where I felt like okay
all right guys so we are just getting
ready for bed Missy's gonna hop in the
shower um and we're gonna go to bed
no it wasn't everything I say comes out
like buttah
but I actually had a question for you
guys leave it in the comments along with
all your dares and letting us know
you're voting for Missy's vlog cuz that
would be super but she's like number 16
now which is cool but we're really
excited about that because that's cool
but I have a question actually we've
been getting like an influx of
subscribers lately and we're not really
sure where it's coming from but we were
just curious for you guys to leave in
the comments if you're new subscriber or
even if you're not a new subscriber um
let us know how you found our channel if
it's from watching Missy's pregnancy
vlog the bumps along the way or if you
just only watch our dailies I think
that'd be interesting to know like a mix
of you know who's here from Missy's vlog
and who's here just to to watch us you
know live our daily life and sort of
that aspect of the whole thing so that
would be really cool if you could leave
your comments below I hope you guys
enjoyed that dare that Brian did oh my
gosh my eyebrows are still on fire they
look fine
they don't look like girlie you look
like they should just clean them up a
little yeah good job
giving him the dare and doing something
that actually helped I can totally model
like GQ now those are pretty good moves
right there for amateur anyway that's
all we got
let us know how you guys found our
channel in the comments and we will see
you tomorrow bye see how's this for
awkward no oh my god are you getting
down
Karan can you get down okay can you get
down down car
