gosh okay this is the cutest thing in
the world
okay I'm gonna get good
oh yeah
they're having a birthday good morning
Internet it's morning
I am literally running to the bank well
not literally because I'm actually
driving but not a lot of people use that
word torque the anyway but I'm going to
the bank because I forgot to make a
deposit before the weekend and it's
Monday so I run to the bank to make a
deposit because if I don't bad things
will happen right where my young broke
people at can I get a can I get a
that's where you guys are supposed to go
woo woo
how's the soup buddy are you copying me
hey you're copying me
you're causing me don't copy me don't
copy me ah you little you know is
this soup yummy yeah oh my gosh you
can't copy me you can't copy me stop
don't do it again
no I'm going to get CJ no
you're not really copying me about your
nose buddy
I think we're copying each other now huh
all right guys I am headed to go do a
photo shoot now which is really cool cuz
I've been doing so much video stuff
lately that I'm just like missing taking
good old photos you know so excited that
I actually get to do that today
and I just lost Mickey sure so I just
got done shooting at my other job but I
just look at my hair get it I don't know
do they see this there's this little
piece right here it will not go with the
rest of my hair it's super super
annoying like it's just chilling on its
own doing its own thing I'm looking like
a mmm I can't brush my ear I just got
off work
we are not headed to Aaron's cars in the
car with us today so we are going to
head to the park which is excited oh but
he just like you just saw a dog oh I'm
going to the park so he can play with
his balls you know the half ball okay so
so we can do you have to remind him
though come on so we didn't throw the
ball for him and I'm trying to convince
him to get me an ice cream ice cream
again Thomas freaking out back there
we'll be there soon okay relax stay in
the back stay in the back karma hi MA
get in the back right now I'm not dog in
the whole world that was bad
now the bad boy you stay right is that
like a Chinese fire drill for God yeah
karma made a friend huh hi poppy how men
do it there's this doggies hey puppy hi
you're not cool enough karma you went to
go play with one of the other dogs down
the street and II thought there's a lot
of dogs here it's beauty no there's not
hey we found a balloon in the car hey
ready nope he's seriously running
circles around us ready oh my gosh okay
this is the cutest thing in the world
oh and it's over Oh Kai was that you I
want to show you a new water ball my dad
get got me yesterday it's glass and it
has a bamboo top he told me I need to
commit to only drinking out of glass
because he doesn't like it when I drink
out of like plastic or things that could
possibly have toxins in it and stuff
he's very he's very funny like that he's
just very protective over me but yeah so
he got me one of these nuns okay and
it's so easy cuz 20 ounces so I can keep
an eye on like how much water I'm
drinking a day I know I want to drink at
least four to five of these a day
so it's really cool that's how I'm gonna
check karma he will run so far even if I
don't throw it I'm even talking about
throwing it right in front of him and
he's will seriously have no clue he's
really not that smart right coming you
ready
good ready go look at him he's so
confused he's so confused over there he
loves playing with the invisible ball
just as much as the real ball actually
hey I saw that Wizard of Oz playing do
you want to go see it
it's at the old little old town theatre
that we've never been there before be my
brother there with her a little
oh really yeah but my brother cried
because he was scared of the woods
seriously yeah oh my gosh so she also
took us to a play um you know laugh stop
movie with the jungle Jumanji no no then
it's like a jungle book with the monkey
jungle book is that what is fun what's
the song um a song
Hakuna Matata no let's lankey oh um
uh-oh you got a cool Vitara in my little
red jungle book what it with the snake
yeah the snake Tarzan no with the boy
and he just wears like this little flap
over him and he lives in the jungle
jungle book okay it's the song
what's it singing Tarzan not tarzie is
it Tarzan the just the little boy who
was in the jungle book oh I see this is
why jungle book this is why we have
smartphones their necessities oh yeah
it's the bare necessities yeah I've
never seen the movie right now we're
waiting for tickets to open up for Lion
King on Broadway in LA cuz it's gonna be
in LA this year but tickets don't go
until it's like summer and then you know
you get to go to see it until like
November we're gonna have a baby by that
I mean now we got a plan babysitting and
and I really wanted to go see Taylor
Swift but Taylor Swift doesn't play in
our town until like August do you think
he will come on come on come up here
come on come up here
come good boy Oh
so oh my god Oh get him down card can
you get down oh my god okay can you get
down now Carm huh you're scaring me
Brian
he's gonna hurt himself can you get him
down come on come here come on come now
he wants to close my nose by my anyone
cookie you want a cookie boy which one
you want you want this one come here dad
good boy you're so good at the park
today huh okay so let me see and I
really need to do a dare for today we
can't choose one just so many good ones
so hard me it's so many dear is like I
know who's why this by the way somebody
dared me to shave my eyebrows like what
are you guys crit I don't know what that
person was smoking I'm obviously not
gonna shave my eyebrows come on these
puppies I mean I ain't got much going on
here that would just ruin me it's funny
to read anyway um someone wants me to
dance blindfolded with everyone in the
house and guess who I'm dancing with oh
that's funny that's a funny one I'm
sorry but everyone wants me to do your
makeup but but it's my day today so
don't worry yeah you torte I still have
I still have a spot on my leg Missy oh
so smooth and it might be there forever
someone said that if you wax a guy's
legs sometimes the hair doesn't grow
back yeah actually my dad his hair gets
rubbed because he wears pants and so I'm
wondering if maybe his S will never grow
back and that would be hilarious so we
actually just got a really cool comment
from Ash girl eight one eight she said I
voted I dare me see a blindfolded food
taste of Brian's choosing that's really
interesting
so I think what we're gonna do is we're
going to blindfold Missy
sit her down and I'm gonna feed her some
things and she's gotta guess what they
are and some of them are not going to be
that great of things okay so this is the
inside of our fridge it's kind of like
crazy right now but there's an
assortment of a lot of different things
in here Jules
top shelf middle shelf bottom shelf this
is like where I put all my stuff
I've got hummus some weird bean stuff
that I tried to make the other day a lot
of pressings like barbecue salsas oh
that's rough chicken and then we have
like other dressings so I'm just gonna
pick a few things for her to taste nests
and see if she can figure them out okay
guys so I picked out an assortment of
things from the fridge and I sort of
placed them on plates and stuff so this
is what we're going to be feeding her
then over here now I also had to get
some of this and this so had to be a
little bit nice hey miss you haven't
seen anything she's totally blindfolded
and we are going to the kitchen now
where we have no no the basket I know I
hit myself but I head on it all the time
and I'm not even blindfolded so I have
prepared a nice little feast over here
okay just is chairs facing you turn
around and sit down like that yeah okay
I'm getting nervous since my heart's
starting to be calm down this is like my
biggest fear is eating things I don't
eat things know I'm not like anorexic
well I don't hate no eat crazy weird
thing yeah I feel like I already smell
things every cloud I feel like it did
involve it feel like I'm smelling vomit
okay okay are you ready for your note
thing now okay okay there really quick
what is it is it time are we doing this
is it play are you okay so we're guys
can you describe me what is in front it
like it other bowls or there's some
bowls or some plates okay
is it like the whole table oh no it's
not like a ton of stuff I mean there's a
lot of stuff here okay
okay so we just finished filming this
blind food taste challenge and Missy was
so funny she's like freaking out over
the simplest things that she eats like
all the time
and I was just so afraid I was so afraid
of what you could give me like hot sauce
I was mainly afraid of the hot sauce
yeah and at the end we couldn't even do
the hot sauce because I was just afraid
she was gonna throw up yeah I really
didn't want you to throw up on camera
at catch everything but I don't know
what to do because it was like it was
long and it was hilarious and so I think
I'm gonna do it as a separate video and
maybe link it at the end of this video
to watch everything tasted rotten
everything had the craziest weirdest
texture ever like just absolutely
disgusting texture everything I just
seriously feel like so lucky at least I
can see my food because that is really
not fun to eat when you can't see it
okay so Missy is washing her palate down
with some type of ice cream after that
thing that you guys made her do that was
really funny um what we're going to do
is we're going to show you a little bit
in this video well you already watched
it because this is the end of the vlog
so we showed you a little teaser of it
and then we actually uploaded another
video which we'll put at the end of this
video to go watch the whole thing
because it's super funny and it's just
like hilarious it's such a mind trip
right it was it was crazy um so that's
it for us thank you guys for forgiving
Astaire's to do um what do we have like
a week left yeah we are like halfway
there yep so we have one more week guys
go into the description and vote for
Missy's vlog on circle mom's her vlog is
the bumps along the way it's a pregnancy
vlog if you didn't know vote for it to
be in the top 25 months of 2013 all you
got to do is click the there's the link
click on the little heart to vote you
don't need any account or anything and
then come back to this video leave a
comment below with a dare that we should
do and let us know you voted should be
fun
should be fun the mic you dare my dear
dad don't copy don't copy me Brian Brian
I'm not doing this okay
ah we will see you guys tomorrow
ah
breaking out let me get this on you're
in and you can oh my god oh my god
you're gonna tell me before you do right
yes okay tell me before how far away oh
my god sure beautiful yeah tell you are
you going up or down going up oh my god
