are you ready yeah three two one go
Oh
good morning guys it's gonna be another
beautiful day here in Southern
California it is Saturday morning and we
are starting the morning off right with
Saturday morning cartoons Garfield and
friends I used to watch to show all the
time when I was little and I woke up
this morning and I was like I really
want to watch cartoons cuz cartoons just
helped me get out of the bed and so I
actually found it on Hulu like there's a
ton of like old shows that I used to
watch in the morning and Garfield's one
of them though that's awesome
boom so I weighed myself and I was
actually I'm 7 pounds away from my very
first goal so I'm rewarding myself with
some cereal I just watched Missy do her
whole makeup routine and I just have
like a complete newfound respect what
would I do every day yeah and just like
how annoying not annoying just like
brushing your teeth I'm getting Missy's
video ready to do she's gonna do like a
pregnancy haul baby haul video showing
off what we got and we've might have
gone a little crazy with the baby boy
shopping I turned around and she had all
this laid out like yeah we just found
out we're having a boy
no but it's actually pretty funny about
how we got all this she'll she'll
explain it in the video but it's just
like I'm pretty sure that we're good on
boys clothes right I mean actually we
are lacking in newborn clothes we have a
lot of three to six a lot of three six
basically newborns we're lacking on
anything where are we gonna put all
these clothes no this is my favorite one
love to roar and then it's got a little
dinosaur hoodie that's my favorite one
ma you say hi beautiful day again today
so we just got done filming my baby
clothing haul which was a lot of fun cuz
I actually have quite a bit of clothes
kind of too many sometimes but I gotta
figure out where to put all these
clothes now I'm eating my lunch which is
a french bread pizza
think then me and Brian are probably
gonna do something maybe go swimming I
would love to go swimming I'm just
worried the pool might be so cold unless
it's a heated pool right it's not heated
oh really
and I'm not even I'm not even good
swimming in the summer yeah yeah holy
jump into the pool but it's a hard time
yeah I don't know why I just keep I'm
really it you're towing it's true like
even when it's a hundred degrees out I
love to go to the pool I love to sit at
the pool but especially when I'm not
pregnant
in a hundred degree weather I much
rather sit in the hot tub but I'm really
excited to start swimming when I'm
pregnant because I just love the feeling
like when I take baths the weightless
feeling that sounds so amazing so that's
kind of what I'm looking forward to but
I'm afraid of the cold water I'm not
good with cold water I don't like to be
cold you guys look at my beautiful
pregnant wife right now come here show
it up look at this belly you look so
cute it's probably freezing babe wait
just freezing right here oh wow that's
cold okay okay
put my foot in my body is gonna go in
John so you're not gonna do it I mean
mine is wrong here I mean this is nice
too staying nice and cool I mean
yeah yeah do you feel me oh my god I was
not fun so get out Oh fun using the hot
tub to like warm up cuz I was this was
pretty good huh yeah
you literally put on a bathing suit to
put your feet in the hot tub just
actually kind of ridiculous that it's
February and we're outside I mean that's
cool but it's probably too early to
sweat
nice in the hot tub though huh I see has
this one where to go right here this
hair it's like right in the middle of
your face and I'm just gonna do one
little kink is melted okay Missy I'm
really starting to get cold now so cool
there's no more Sun in the sky to warm
them she's about to send of her first
tweet in a long long long long long time
well I tweet but only through Instagram
yeah she fake tweets yeah tweet you did
it
oh there you are I wish my husband knew
what it's like to have a uterus re-tweet
that that's funny I don't need to look
at you to tell you that you look great
Missy you just always look amazing I
don't always you have to look you have
to make sure otherwise I can't trust
your opinion so you actually want me to
tell you when you don't look good I just
want you to pretend like you are looking
and like you looked and you you notice
that I look good so we're not gonna tell
you guys what the Dare is yet but I can
tell you it involves copious amounts of
web crude come on you want to diet eat
your lettuce you turn that is boy he
loves lettuce so you might be wondering
hey why is Bryan wearing a different
shirt it happens sometimes
sometimes our just over a house over
shirt and then I realized that we're
kind of wearing matching shirts yeah
that happens sometimes too cuz we're
twinsies twinsies live okay we're going
bowling now so oops well I mean you guys
are come with us come on okay I finally
caved and we are going bowling I'm just
gonna be super careful okay lightest
ball and just try to like toss it down
but yeah you want to do the thing where
you just said it I don't have it it
rolls itself yeah did I just want to do
that or or like granny I think it's a
requirement from rolling
to have like nasty sticky tables huh
where he is by the like simplest of
things
my friend is very late by the way that's
why we're playing games oh come on
ten thousand ten thousand come on Oh sod
it I saw that ten thousand right there
baby what
I've literally to
three being attacked by balls oh this is
that thousand appropriate I'm sorry I
got 34 you got 32 Missy it's only two
points off I made it a million in one
basket I'm sorry I'm just really good at
this game it's early if I follow the
pink ball I'm just getting this mrs.
ball but it's seven pounds clearly - of
course it feels gross ya know what's in
there Missy you don't want to know
really good I am
you hit seven pins I think you'll to
jump up and down like that when you hit
a strike
look at this hair look at all your hair
girl what are you hiding in there strike
Oh
Ramola with the big leaguers right here
anyway this is our friend John hello and
that's his daughter
and that's her her hair right there look
at that hair look at that hair and then
this is his wife Christina she just
pulled the strike only one more pin babe
you can do it
only one pin that's all you had to hit
look at this you guys my final score was
eight eight whoo whoo that's our that's
our lucky number if you guys don't know
Nancy doesn't like it when you move
around the ball what does he got OCD
already he still keeps messing with the
balls they have to be perfect can he do
it you guys the split here we go here we
go here we go you're supposed to get
better when you granny style it she's
bullying with her on her hip because she
keeps running away
you did just as good as when she's not
on your hip
she spooks easy husband of the year
right here
take on that way back
look at you guys this is the children's
course
okay and these are our scores they're
clearly doing even better than we are
can't let them all baby it's the baby
he's not a good bowler yeah making the
lopsided you want a balloon these things
are stupid why do they put him on a
stick so that they look Oh cuz it's
actually you know why it's because of
the helium shortage Oh God
Oh to put when we popped him for the
gender-reveal party so bowling was fun
and now Missy and I are out to dinner at
one of Missy's favorite places PF Changs
actually shoveling noodles in her mouth
and I know you guys saw I got this last
time but we have some new subscribers if
you go to PF Changs get the mongolian
beef and instead of scallions get green
because it's and this is even John's
first time it's good huh yeah it's so
good so okay so we just got home from PF
Chang's and we are now going to do our
dare from I love pot belly TS they
basically dared that we need to race to
see who can get 5 mm out of a pie tin
filled with whipped cream with no hands
so Missy and I are gonna go head to head
and I actually have Missy's little
sister in here Cassie and she's in here
while I make Missy's tin to make sure
that I don't cheat but here's the thing
Cassie I actually am going to cheat okay
and you're gonna be okay with this right
but you will swear up and down right
right I don't know it okay she told me
Cassie you got a view of this so Brown
mmm not happening there's forum and I'm
in here we're gonna see how long we can
actually get Missy to keep shoving her
face into the patented 2 pie so that's
why I'm putting on just gonna shut clip
cream on them to keep them right there
now I'm gonna fill
this could be so funny huh
yeah I wonder how long she's gonna look
so let's go actually the song we should
just just need it yeah you're really
evidence okay Stassi I'm swear you need
to be convincing okay I'm gonna take you
guys back out there you better not kid I
do not cheat you better not cheat him is
he I know you love the chin
okay so Missy and I need to find five
M&Ms in here okay so Missy and I are
just gonna race to see who can get there
are five M&Ms out of their pie ten in
the fastest time when you got it just
spit it off to the side so we don't
confirm and over here you put yours over
there okay okay
are you ready yeah three two one go
I got one wait was that one mmm hey guys
I don't want to spit back then there's
stuff in there there's three of them for
only one more the brown one and done
four five Y two three four five you guys
with your face in there Missy hi new hug
I can't bite any did you put them all in
yes at least three more oh you only
found two are you from one by using your
tongue you got line okay we have one two
three Missy come on is two more hip
who died Missy there his neck it's all
mine
enjoy nasty Oh Missy okay come on Oh Oh
goodbye Nick okay well yours actually
only had four you guys suck
but not taking forever to finally hold
it oh my gosh yeah so I was fine what is
okay my I like a my contact really it's
all soggy you really made a mess over
here check this out I totally didn't
even need to hide one Missy was already
having cheating I actually ate it so you
want to find it and he took a see back
there and I was like you put or not true
oh my gosh anyway if you guys love that
click the like button um go into the
description and vote for Missy she's she
got passed it by someone but she can
definitely keep going up there you guys
are doing awesome voting for her in the
circle of mom saying you guys I'm not
even kidding like it's just way cool
anyway um so go to the link in the
description vote for her all you had to
do is click the heart and then come back
here comment and tell us you voted and
leave us a cool dare and we'll give you
guys a shout out and we'll do your dare
because I mean all that's all someone
had to do for this one so house plot but
uh thank you guys for watching and we
will see you tomorrow so he is
ready
right I'm looking for your face
normally I would put
