hmm so someone dared me to get up at
7:00 so I'm gonna get up handle my fiery
surfer you guys have to suffer so let's
go get up hmm
crazy morning coma she is happy I got up
at 7 and I'm ready for the day
eating my breakfast I got some time this
morning so I'm just gonna lay down and
just relax until I have to leave okay
I'm gonna get good
oh yeah
having a birthday hello
so I actually left and went to work I
just got back and Missy's mad cuz I have
to go to work
you want to go do something yeah it's
like so nice out again this will be 87 I
believe for working like now not even in
out like less than an hour wait 87 yeah
we could go to the beach I know okay
this shirt no longer fits me and pops
above my belly it's like this hey so you
see a little belly piece yeah honey you
look like one of the ladies walking
around in Walmart yeah me and Brian are
going to go get lunch before he has to
leave for work which is such a bummer
because is it freaking you let me quit
no you're not quitting quit my job I
might quit today
no you know yeah it is it like seriously
the most beautiful day I can't even
describe it like if anyone is dealing
with snow right now that's crazy because
it is like hot right now here it's like
the kind of day I would love to go
hiking I don't know how I feel about
hiking and being pregnant since I'm
really uncomfortable
I think that walk around the block
really killed me yesterday we walked for
like 10 minutes I don't know I don't
walk very much I guess look at Missy's
hair today it I just love when she
doesn't like this all curly and natural
I didn't do anything is it except for my
bangs back that's how her hair is
naturally she always straightens the
crap out of it yeah what she knows I
like it like this this is good for about
five minutes and then it goes and then
you look like Monica from front yeah
like it just completely blows up in
ridiculous this bee is tormenting us
yeah
Oh what is it well yo jacket Oh
mm I'm mauling on edge now this piece of
dust flew by me and I was I got stupid B
so what is it then I'm pretty sure thing
yellow jacket or walk Hornet it's a walk
so what's there between a wasp but being
a Hornet I don't know I think Hornets
aren't big you have stuff on them again
there's always stuff on them clean em
off you're good is it good okay you get
a clean actually I've actually seen
other vloggers do that a lot too and
there's always stuff on their lines
because we just like as soon as we've
walked something we just turn it off and
put it on our pocket and so there's
always nasty stuff in our pocket so we
just have to take you guys off yeah
reading the dares right now that are
coming in because we just posted the
yesterday's vlog yeah I'm trying to come
early now so we can get like dares
coming yeah yeah that's a good idea
but one of the first ones that came in
said that we should do some sort of
obstacle course blindfolded be cool
that'd be funny to like do something
like creative oh I dare karma to eat
baby mixed veggies that's a good line
and karma eat baby food this is such a
good one I love that one I thought
someone said I'm glad you didn't die at
the sandwich oh I just I thought I was
going to for a second it was scary
here's so much energy when I get home oh
oh yeah what's this escape invisible
ball go come on come here okay I got a
ball I got a ball you want it you got it
go get it
smartest dog in the world i dead it's
right there right by your feet probably
my cleaning and kind of laundry days on
sunday but i thought maybe i should
start doing it on fridays just because
this is kind of like my new day off
credit started my laundry but i want to
show you i am getting ready to clean out
our shoe bucket and this is what her
shoe book it looks like it's literally
full of shoes and i would say 90% of
them are mine and I don't know I just
obviously most girls love shoes I love
heels and I love wearing heel type shoes
in the summer but I'm thinking you know
let me pregnant summer and maybe I
should pack them away and put them in
the attic at least for this summer it is
horrible what I have to try and find a
shoe in this bucket I have to just pour
it all over the floor and try and figure
out where it is uh yeah that's a pretty
big chunk shoe that first time I didn't
think I was going to get rid of any cuz
I kept going through these going well
maybe one day I'll wear these then I
just like whatever get rid of them so
I've been cleaning for like an hour so
and karma has been standing oh of course
he moves he's been standing in this spot
for like 30 minutes and he keeps
switching to putting his feet here so he
can warm his bottom and he's trying to
get all toasty
is really enjoying the Sun aren't you I
have a little helper now Nene you coming
to help me hey
so I all darrid is so I'm just cleaning
and I want to show you guys my clean
product since I'm pregnant I use 50%
vinegar and 50% water so that's my
cleaning product because it's safe and
not no bleach anything involved so I
went from a happy baby to a screaming
baby and now a sleeping baby she's so
cute
even when she screams look at this kid
she's story do you hear that
oh my god my heart is melting she's high
she looks so grumpy
good morning Bailey hi hi I was crawling
on the bed and then she saw me and she
went like I know you do you know me Oh
what is that
Oh what you wanna do what do you wanna
do I don't know what do you I do I don't
know what do you want to do well I don't
know but what do you wanna do I'm not
really sure what do you want to do oh
he's so majestic looking in the Sun so I
guess Missy went crazy with the whole
cleaning thing today I don't know if she
told you but like I walked in the closet
to look for some flip-flops and even
like the closets like organized did you
organize the closet yeah I was just
gonna look for some flip-flops guess
I'll just wear these ones flips laptime
flips up time yes it's that time so we
are getting a car wash because the car
is ridiculously dirty and gross but we
have to wait for the person in front of
us to be done but we're essentially
getting a car wash right now turn this
on
Hey look at that clean car
haha I try to get you singing on camera
you never sing for good camera baby to
understand that goal I don't want to
give you a heart of faith when I gave
you heart Bey your heart break cuz
there's so much it continued this is my
favorite part it's all colorful oh it
smells good you smell that you know like
it smells like bubblegum the craziest
rainstorm holy crap oh my god drink so
hard just kidding car wash woohoo clean
car my babies all clean now
so first up claims so fresh so clean
look at it look at it look at it looks
the same from in here huh
hey I really want these I gotta open man
and that's the deal my dear thank you we
had the grocery store toffee shop stop
we're stopping apparently we're shopping
no but um one of my subscribers sent me
a recipe for like a black bean salsa and
it looks really good so I'm getting some
goodies to try it in many choppers they
just peas and carrots and pasta what are
those turkey sticks oh my god buzz so
this I would never you me sticks oh they
don't even tell you whether it's Turkey
and then what is it in I would I'm sorry
I would never feed that to my job this
is what my wife does to fill the baby
I'm who's ordered to this gravity's
pulling it yeah
she's doing a yoga move alright so for
Karma's dare he has to eat a can of
spring vegetables and pasta the whole
can it's actually the grossest when we
can find it's so disgusting even smells
it sounds so gross I I smelled that it
was gross you gotta smell it okay fine
I'll smell it
no oh God Jesus it smells so good it
smells raunchy right like it's old and
yes
baby these guys a little bit on so he
doesn't make a mess ah don't get hung
for any the bigger spoon good day
forever
yeah I could smell it
oh no groan god oh
you look at that can hand it over more
dares yeah look at that time I can go
yeah stop
okay so and the makeup on and so we are
gonna go ahead and start with the
blindfolded makeup challenge
I've got his blindfold I have no idea
what I mean yeah he's like I tried to
kind of walk them through some things he
went really wasn't listening that well
so I've got everything here that I
basically use there is more there than I
would use like obviously I don't use all
three of these eyeshadows but yeah he
can just grab whatever you want so he is
ready good bye bye robe okay I just need
to feel where your face is right now so
I'm just gonna wait I'm looking for your
face
yeah you look sexy lips mhm knows you're
the small I never really felt small your
noses normally I would put something on
to UM clear get any blemishes okay like
a like a like a retouch to okay I think
nah this open what's that's the lid wait
like that no bring it okay
face face up oh this is a good way to
anything you feel very self-conscious
that good yeah I'm pretty sure I got all
your blemishes I'm awesome at this see
the lid right yeah we don't need that
stop it's not my hand
sure
like Judy it's Judy's time doing makeup
good how about you just move your face
along no I should do it might be close
keep your eyes closed okay
okay I think I got some foundation right
there you can dip it a lot too so I
don't know how my hand I really don't
know where your hands have to face at
all I'm ridiculous good doing that
sorry I'll say that eating foundation
heaven here yeah oh yeah wait if you get
you know this I know that's your nose
right I am awesome at this right am i
opening at the right way
oh you just flip it over am I getting it
in the makeup oh you are good Luke oh
really were you i forehead are you I
just really wanted to look tonight I
want you look pretty
I guess good for you I was like there
you go oh hey what's that I need me to
get your mouth yes that's a round thing
I think this one right maybe I Coast you
a little too much I just uh photographic
memory I just know this that's bronze on
it am i right yeah okay I'm a baller I
have no idea it's like a spaceship it's
like right well you can't open it okay
obviously holding it close okay well I
don't even know how some what is it
designed by some Martian it's got a
thing in the brush a good one huh that's
not a rock dang it come on me here
there you go I just don't want to go to
Lacey now you pick up money for this man
yeah I use it I don't don't make up in
the air everywhere am i breathing it in
right now oh that's your neck you were
up way higher than I thought
did I let get everything inside your
mouth that's a brush why do the brush
just feel like Iowa it's just stupid the
way the design is crap what is this the
same is it open yeah well you're not
damn date oh I want your I very much
closed I'm not stressed myself at all
nice outline on your eye right you know
for because I know it goes around your
eye so your eyes look dark their eyeball
I feel I thought they were farther apart
I don't understand what you're doing are
you for real you got a look bigger all
this you'll find my eyelashes and you
put them on it nowhere else kind of like
all over my hands okay
I'm seriously never watched one of these
blindfolded husband makeup challenge but
I am freaking out bomb bomb bomb bomb
I feel so caked with makeup right now
for real I feel like there's no makeup
on you at all I need more so we're all
done now and I'm going to ceiling out in
creation I'm seriously in my head you
look like Tyra bacon for you oh my god
good what I can see first of all it's
effing bright in here I feel like his
son felt like I was being attacked by
light oh you look great
okay can I just say one thing that I
think I did a really good job um on your
cheeks he got really good I don't and I
will say I did really good on the
message all right here's how she looks
okay obviously I overdid it on the
bronze and I was way off on the eyeliner
that's a big surprise I thought I was
doing good let me see your eyelashes oh
I did pretty good there I got I mean
that's on there um is that blue yes it's
like a sparkly blue like I was going for
a golden color but that works you know
it really brings the whole look together
I think
hey good Wow
come on though I did pretty good on the
bronzer at least mm I mean it's way down
here let's wait that's not typically
where you put it yeah see that's what I
thought I thought you put it there and I
got her mascara on her eyelashes that's
a knit where else to but all right so
I'm putting myself out there with one no
makeup and now I look like a raccoon you
guys don't know we're doing bears from
people in the comments um basically go
to the description click the link vote
for Missy's vlog you do it every day
we're doing it for two weeks until
voting is closed and then come back tell
us you voted and leave a comment with a
really cool dare like this one all right
well I hope you guys enjoyed this vlog
so we'll see you guys tomorrow oh so
pretty
okay bingo I was that boy it could get
deficient normally would like my mouth
like super rod like Sahara Desert dry
yeah I'm sorry before you get oh it's
like the words it's okay cinemas like
