puppies hi puppies what happened No Oh
baby
good morning this is how I woke up today
okay he just lays right on top of me he
doesn't even care hey girl good morning
so the first thing that I do now when I
wake up is I go through all my emails on
the comments and I read everyone's
comments I'm reading all your guys
suggestions and tips and I just love it
thank you guys for for being on top
that's awesome cover did you see your
famous remember when we took your
picture and I said walk we go for a walk
I'm gonna go get Chiba you go get your
leash and go for a walk
famous everyone loves you she really
wants me to go visit her work today cuz
I've done that a while sometimes I
usually just call swing by and I'll just
do some work there but do you have a few
more things to do for the big event
tonight I might work for those videos so
I gotta get some things in order and
then maybe I'll run by her work and okay
so another thing I really like to do in
the morning is I go straight to the
bathroom and I jump on the scale when I
weigh myself and today I was actually 2
pounds less then from when I weighed
myself not yesterday but the day before
so that's really cool to see some of you
guys were asking what I like to do for
snacks one of my biggest problems is I
love to snack and I find myself at night
snacking because when Missy goes to bed
I'm usually up on the computer editing
and uploading and working and doing all
sorts of things sending emails and stuff
like that and so I really like to snack
then that shake that I was showing you
guys the slim flash shake I know I don't
do what slimfast does and eat like two
shakes and then one 500 calorie meal a
day I just don't do that because that's
not what you really need to do losing
weight is all about calories if you're
consuming less calories and your body
needs then you will lose weight
essentially so but I actually use the
shake I usually substitute one meal with
that so I eat two meals and I then I
drink my shake and the shake actually
curbs any snacking that I might want to
do it keeps me full when I do snack
though I can keep it within my calories
for sure I recently started really
liking
these things they're these hundred
calorie right bytes and you know they
have yogurt pretzels these are like
fudge cookies and these are chocolate
pretzels and they're 100 calories a
package there's not much in there but
they definitely curve like any chocolate
craving I might have I'm also pretty
lucky because I already like you know
things like hummus is a really really
good snack I love fruit so like bananas
and apples and and oranges basically
whatever I do I just try and stay within
my calories I try not to make myself
feel guilty if I want a snack got
cookies in the oven for messy hopefully
that'll make our day a little better I'm
going to bring a tall glass of milk to
and then I'm drinking my vanilla bat
banana shake so I'm gonna bring Missy
some cookies and then I also hope big
glass of milk and I put it in the
freezer so that stay really really cool
for the drive so all right so I got mrs.
cookies and her milk I'm headed to her
work now now some of you might be like
wait why don't you bring her like a card
or flowers well Missy isn't into all
that I am definitely a romantic and I
like bringing her flowers and stuff but
she finally came clean with me and she
told me I hate cards I hate flowers
please stop buying them for me Missy
would take chocolate chip cookies
and fresh cold milk any day over flowers
or card I could give her 12 tonight I
want to show you all the finer things
oh yeah I also sing in the car lock
where is she
Missy wasn't actually at her office and
her boss said she was next door at the
animal shelter so I'm pretty sure that
she's looking at animals over here and
everyone down there oh I see okay one
down there is one on the top oh I'm in
the little bend over here they like
blend in see now I'm so cute thank you
he's so sad hi puppy
hi puppy hey is he so cute
huh puppies hi puppies what happened
No Oh Australian Shepherd you always
seem to pick out an ox chili pepper
Burke Burke Oh little ones Hey yep
that's what they do best
don't know they don't even know where he
is so president got me cookies yeah you
can have some cookies did I forget
something the milk oh crap
I'm just getting theirs ice-cold milk in
the fridge yay I even put it in the
freezer so that it would be really cold
before I got here and it's in the metal
tin does it sour to you when I talk uh
no hang on I seriously can't even cope
is that a big enough water bottle you
drink that whole thing I try I once I
get home about half way and then I spend
the rest of the day trying o or I drink
other glass like colder glasses of water
to make up for it kind of cook them more
than usual Center it really not exactly
how local like I am amazing mm-hmm is it
really a mess what's that Tupperware
from oh that's I get for today
yeah but what was in it
what's that it's a boy here it looks
broken
no it's not just dirty are you gonna
like wash the outside of it too
didn't get all that crap up off the
carpet oh my gosh I've got shoes a chair
just in case a game case I get bored you
know mmm Oh umbrella just houses no that
was where your jacket supposed to go
when I had to change your tire jack
everyone needs an umbrella I opened up
it sounds like seriously an umbrella
that doesn't go there that's perfectly
okay God you think I'm weird
what gross do your camping in this car
no I just
okay I keep my my room clean but my car
is just a trash collector I guess all
right yeah I need to clean it what's
that it's for me I got a package when
did it come
needs a new camera yeah bubble oh my god
the camera for my job it's weird cuz
it's silver usually the nikon boxes are
bold you know yeah i think it's because
it's uh refurbished yeah they put it in
a silver box how's it going my love did
you want me to try and clean down there
for you something yeah do you think it
needs to just be scrubbed funny story
that actually happened when you had
morning sickness huh
it wasn't even morning sickness well it
was like daytime sickness but you're
pregnant and you had to throw up so bad
that you and you didn't even know it was
coming you just threw up in your car
yeah while you were driving yeah I was
horrible and we had to like pull over in
a McDonald target get you water and
stuff so sad hopefully you were behind
these you weren't in the car with me
well it's good you weren't the car yeah
if I was in the car with you would be a
lot worse
Hey
I thought you threw up on your - I think
I did a little bit but that's easy to
clean out cuz it's oh yeah hearted yeah
well you're not supposed to use a towel
because that leaves white marks and like
and like stuff like that it's streaky
supposed to use newspaper like the guy
on the side of the road who watches your
car yeah newspaper is the best thing to
use to wash windows alright guys well I
just got back from vision night everyone
loved the videos that I put together it
was really really cool to get to see
them on the big screen and like all that
hard work just like going to something
so that was really cool thank you guys
so much for responding to some of the
questions from the last vlog I think I
definitely got some clarification I'm
gonna try and keep the vlog length
between maybe 10 in 12 minutes I'm
headed to bed I hope you guys all have a
great Wednesday click that like button
if you like what we're doing and
subscribe if you haven't already and if
you haven't seen the video on my Bryan
Lanning TV channel things that annoy my
wife please check it out we worked
really really hard on it and I think
that's it so we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye it does quite stink actually oh I
don't know why I put all those nasty
smells in there I'd like to be
my baby cries not not like oh yeah me
too actually dizzy and I'm walking it
