so I'm not sure how this happens last
night I took four cups one two three
four four cups off Missy's nightstand
and I put them in the kitchen
and I woke up this morning to see this
three more one two three I don't know
how she does it
why does she need three cups in one
night
hey guys happy Monday so you got my
little buddy back there he misses his
mommy this has actually become like his
spot huh okay my boy hunker my boy Oh
each on love in Hong Kong he wants to be
on the bumps along the way but yeah
happy Monday or for you guys
Tuesday I don't know if you guys saw but
I put up a video on my personal channel
last night it's things that annoy my
wife and we've actually been putting
that video together for quite a while
some of the shots are actually from last
November because I have the idea for the
video and so we like did a bunch of
shots and then I kind of just sat there
before I really knew what to do with my
individual channel Bryan Lanning TV but
then yesterday if you saw in yesterday's
vlog we had a few more things to shoot
in the car and at the restaurant that
really just like brought the whole video
together so we did that and we finally
shot it and I put it up called things
that annoy my wife it's so cool I love
it because it just it captures like her
little quirks which I love I you know I
probably do really do annoy her
sometimes but not as much as in the
video this is actually my favorite part
it's Chinese it is so like Missy to ask
for free bread at a Chinese restaurant
she that's actually one of her criterias
is if she wants to go out to eat the
restaurant has to serve bread but we
make one exception with PF Changs
because she really really likes it so
I'm not sure how this happens last night
I took four cups one two three four four
cups off Missy's nightstand and I put
them in the kitchen and I woke up this
morning to see this three more one two
three I don't know how she does it
why does she need three cups in one
night I actually think she might be
sleepwalking and getting like a new
glass of water all throughout the night
one more thing I did want to add about
the things that are nor my wife video is
even Missy was saying wow you look so
different and I told you guys before you
know I am finally trying to be healthy
and watch my weight and for the longest
time I never even stepped on a scale so
I didn't even know what I was so that
video was shot in November I have no
idea what I weighed but I can like I can
already see a difference like from that
video to today like and I notice it well
obviously I noticed it on the scale that
it is working but like I already noticed
like my pants fit me better I wake up in
the morning feeling better throughout
the day I think I have a lot more energy
and I think that's just because I'm not
consuming soda pop I'm not and I'm not
eating like fried food and fast food
restaurants so it's really crazy how you
know just in couple of weeks I'm
starting to see a change and I'm not
really doing like a strict diet I'm
strictly loose using the looser app on
my iPhone so basically I'm just tracking
calories and I do have a goal and it
says it's going to take me a couple
months to get there so it'd be cool for
for this to sort of see you know like
what I look like now and what I look
like in a few months so we can really
track progress I think with just these
daily vlogs - all right so I am headed
to work well one of my one of my two
jobs is I'm pretty blessed because I get
to be able to work from home
because I'm a videographer but they're
having a big vision night and they're
gonna be showing off some of my work and
so I have to go and check the videos on
the full screen as well as the audio to
make sure that everything goes smooth
because there's gonna be a lot of people
watching my videos never sad and so we
got to make sure that it looks perfect
so I'm headed there um to check out my
videos on the big screen he said all
right all right slow yeah he's being
protective
Kerma did you see he tried to attack me
when I hug you
yeah I just doesn't want you to get on
top of me ah back up like a boy
karma I gotta kiss like what's he trying
to pull here come on I mean I I know did
Danny
uncas know fine he really needs a shave
we're gonna have to do that here but
first you gotta go get a shot you want
to go get a shot bleh
you gotta get two shots huh huh huh
you don't know what I'm sure does nice
beefy much it speaks doggy English sorry
he does not even why are you filming me
why are you what is that what is it come
on during the year he needed baths bike
arm what he's gonna say bye bye bye
Karma Oh buddy we're gonna go to the
store yeah we're gonna go to the bank I
got things to deposit and then we need
to go to the store so today on my
channel on bumps along the way channel
um I got this comment and I don't
usually get like mean comments very
often I think yeah I don't I don't
really get that kind of activity on my
page um but this person left this
comment and was something like
ridiculous like um you're a fat cow stop
making videos you suck at something like
that it was really weird and I saw it
and I was just like okay and um of
course it didn't like her feelings or
anything I don't think I'm fat and I did
that you know whatever so it didn't like
affect me at all but I thought you know
I'm gonna check this guy out and see you
know what what this person does you know
like it you know so I go to the page and
I immediately can tell that this person
is a crazy person
and I just I'm still in shock at how
crazy he really was like um he basically
had on his main page part saying that he
attacks people who have had horrible
things that have happened to them such
as a loss of a child or a family member
anything if you're sick or have cancer
that yeah that's who he particularly for
just no reason just because he feels he
needs to like yeah he says that it's to
take his anger out because he gets angry
at things and then he lists the things
that he gets angry at it's like uh but
his ps3 crashes oh yeah when I video
takes too long to load it's like crazy
stuff like that then eyes are seeing the
stuff he says to people of course I'm a
normal person it doesn't affect me at
all but I feel bad because he is
commenting on videos of people who maybe
are having thoughts of suicide or have
are going through a really rough time
he comments and he says these horrible
things I can't even like say out loud
like they're just terrible it was just
so I'm still in shock at how crazy this
guy was and how like how like I can't
believe that those people are actually
out there that there's actually such
mean nasty violent or clicks this yeah
and I it looked it didn't even look like
it was just for fun it looked like he
was for real like he I don't know it was
it was crazy and I was still like just
in shock about it and your mom says he's
demon-possessed yeah hey we don't really
get that much don't see that kind of
stuff very awful yeah well I'm like
there haven't been me in comments yeah
there was one really weird guy who asked
to see your feet oh yeah those like the
very very first comment I ever received
you guys like hey upload a private video
of just your feet yeah and I'm like
there's weird people out there
yeah but like I don't know and then that
was like for common I was like oh god
what am i doing on YouTube people are
gonna say these weird things to me no
that was it and I was and I never had a
weird comment the most part I really
really enjoy YouTube and everyone I
talked to is just an amazing person an
amazing subscriber amazing like just
human being yeah I was reading I was
watching this interview on YouTube of
shaycarl from the Shaytards and he was
talking about how like when you go on
YouTube you open yourself up so much to
people yeah how like you sometimes
become guarded or there's like a side of
you that people don't really see in
their daily vlogs because they kind of
have to hide that part mm-hm and so the
documentaries are just putting together
then I actually think you guys should
all check out cuz it's really really
cool and I donated um but he's like
doing it basically a documentary of
YouTube vloggers and showing how they
sort of bring positivity to like a
negative world
get your hands full
it makes me feel like a bad smell so
gross it does kind of stink actually oh
I don't know why they put all those
nasty smells in there in like the baby
my baby I'm sorry is not gonna smell
like that not like it probably got close
it's not like a real baby baby hire me
to actually did you know and I'm
watching it
Oh candy chocolate he's like on the
operating table Missy how he played by
CC surgery oh are you prepped doctor
okay blue scalpel cute you didn't sit up
there he looks cute yeah but his head as
big a tool egg we need to send him to a
plastic surgeon after this yeah
head reduction clear fear
the big lover huh
so I have an idea for the daily bumps
channel like the wallpaper kind of
similar to the wallpaper that we have
for Missy's channel the bumps along the
way and my channel actually Bryan
Lanning TV um but I want to do pictures
of me Missy and karma like all peeking
behind the page um so it has all of us
on there and then like the daily bumps
uh logo thing so I'm gonna go ahead and
set that up both paws up here okay and I
am looking at I can't you know like I
got that okay over here okay okay hey
hey Oh No day day day day day today oh
hey Paul Hey well is that good that's
really good
also my guy to see what I did though
like oh you don't love regard he likes
posing for pictures huh
remember how he just did it mm-hmm come
on right okay nope no over here you guys
over here
okay Joey do me again oh come here
oh boy good boy good boy now sit sit up
here kid not staring at you
come here boy am i doing you're right
good boy stay good boy stay stay stay
good boy okay oh oh good boy oh good boy
no stay let me go for a walk hey yay
looks good okay good job
singing very good ball and a walk come
on yeah all right guys so I took all the
pictures and I'm gonna throw them into
Photoshop now but here's the pictures
that we took this one is me and then we
got Missy looking cute like ouais
and then grandma okay that was actually
super fun to shoot you guys saw it
alright so I removed the backgrounds and
now I'm just going to add them to the
wallpaper and you guys should see the
finished effect actually when this video
is playing so if you see this then you
can see this really cool wallpaper that
I made though alright guys so I finished
the wallpaper and Missy and I are so
tired so we're headed to bed but I just
want to thank you guys all for watching
and commenting and liking you guys are
awesome
I wanted to know a little bit of
feedback from you guys what do you feel
about vlog length because I've been
trying to keep it like 10 to 15 minutes
is that too long should i do shorter I
know some vloggers like to do like 22 to
22 to 30 minutes and then I know some
who do under 10 minutes almost every
single time I'd like to fill in as much
as possible so like when we're watching
this in the future of like all our past
logs we're not getting bored or anything
like that so what do you guys feel about
that and what do you think about our
name for the blog daily bumps it kind of
take
after my wife's channel the bumps along
the way and that same sort of concept
that life has roads that are just you
know up and down and stuff like that so
that's sort of like an explanation what
do you guys think about it
I'm tired Missy's tired so I'm gonna
edit this vlog and then go to bed
tonight babe puse nothing you guys me
funny
