then really want to buy someone's gonna
have to share with them all uncle so
nice and it says that's what happens
forever
good morning we had a little mommy and
Sunday oh look what you got you got a
little milky drink he always loves my
chai and I try not to give it to him
because it does have caffeine in it and
I don't feel like that would be the best
thing he's already got enough energy but
I went ahead and gave him a little bit
of a chai flavoring in his milk and he
loves it but me and him are going
shopping we need groceries in the house
and it's actually quite shocking how
little food there's in the house right
now and now we're gonna go shopping
quickly as possible to get back down get
it open away and get on with our day
then you've been so good while mommy
shots yes he has been so good he has
been playing with the camera a little
bit
he's good now he's starting to get a
little antsy he's like I want out of
this cart I think we got everything we
need we've got like five fingers in here
snack yeah
cereal and I think we're about ready to
go just get one more thing and never
done these are like my favorite English
muffins ever you have been drinking your
Starbucks this whole trip
and bam all loaded up and ready to go
are you all ready to go too
all right let's go home and see Olly and
daddy K hey guys check out this
beautiful day we're having seriously
blue skies bright Sun it's so nice we're
actually getting some concrete work done
today too which is really cool we're
having uh steps just like these put in
right there to go down into our little
play area over there and that's kind of
like the first step of what we're gonna
do so we're gonna put in some steps and
then we're gonna put in grass and maybe
some trees and just make it like a cool
little field where the kids can play
okay go back around okay now that I have
teleported to my office this is kind of
my project for today kind of sort of
working on finally cleaning organizing
getting some stuff done putting camera
equipment here trash in here oh I got
like a little basket putting all my
GoPro stuff together
we've actually just acquired like a lot
of camera stuff over the last couple
years because we've been filming and you
know doing this whole YouTube thing like
crazy so I'm trying to find a place to
put it all and after like recycle old
equipment list it and sell it so I don't
have like just equipment everywhere
which is kind of insane I'm working on
getting my craziness of an office
organized so we are slowly doing some
more projects around the property it's
something that we've been really wanting
to do is turn that area down there that
were usually sometimes we do like our
see stuff sometimes we're just riding
ATVs we're going to turn into kind of
just like a fun player you might even
get like a like a play set and grass and
all that but something I want to do is
see how I have stairs coming down here
like really big nice steps we want to do
the same kind of steps going down so
we've got someone here right now helping
us get steps in look how nice this is
these are just more steps they're gonna
be slowly built down here but first we
have to remove
a tree there's actually a tree stump
there now cuz we knocked down the tree
so my dad's gonna her actually my dad
and Ollie are gonna pull this out now
what is going on what did you just lift
that up dude we have the tractor pulled
out we got to remove the tree stump so
that it's not in the way of the new
stairs we have this marked out this is
where the stairs gonna be this is where
the trunk is this guy has yet to go and
it looks like all he's gonna do it
come on stop get out of here we're gonna
do some diggin here we go look at us you
guys all this to get this stupid stump
out of here there we go nice were
calling
stops being quite stubborn I tried to
make a three plan it didn't work
we're having trouble it's like we like
paw Patrol you wanna do it I'm sure one
of them has a tractor right
rubble yes you're right rubble then say
rubble on the double
oh my god just nuts
how you feeling we need rubble huh think
we got it
it's gonna be so cool to have a little
walk down here yeah to get over here I'm
so excited it may be a slow thing - we
don't know if we're gonna do sod we
don't know if we're gonna plant seed all
we know is we definitely just want a lot
of graphs over here have a nice big
field for the kids to play so this is
the first step of doing that which is
really all right then really wanted to
try to so now he's getting the chance
take it out in he's like so we had it do
it I got this
always likewise in all the work it's
like when the wife has been trying to
open up that can and then the husband
comes in and pops it off and she's like
light it at all or the other way around
actually
good job rubble dang babe making that
pickaxe look good yeah you just want to
destroy something what are you gonna get
dude that sounds super good right now
yeah yeah do you see my lavender we
trimmed it you guys we trimmed the
lavender hoping that'll help it grow a
little bit better but these actually
look really good so does it smells like
waffles or sugar I don't get it that
good I'm gonna share with your brother
Ben really want to buy someone's gonna
have to share with him
Oh uncle's so nice no and it says that's
what happens that yummy fin okay cool
enjoy it I'm working on a little project
here you guys remember that glass bowl
that was in my office well I did end up
putting something in it but it all died
and it was nasty so I threw it out I'm
gonna redo it actually works out good
because Missy got me this create your
own terrarium kit which comes with like
soil and rocks and the glass and stuff
so I'm gonna use what they gave me and
some additional ones and I'm actually
gonna plant these two plants inside the
Sun what's wrong that's what happens
buddy it's it's messy huh all right you
guys ready to see my office it's clean
it's organized it looks so good I'm so
happy look you can see the floor how
amazing is that we got lots of things
put away I still really need to go
through like our drawers because that's
like a lot of our important boring adult
things
I don't know if I ever showed you guys
this but this is a picture my buddy
Justin crits drew for me
look at that it's all of us is cartoon
characters it says this is home the
glass actually broke on the front of
that and got everywhere he was insane so
it has no glass on it but it actually
kind of looks good right there
come my couch all clear and then look
what I just did I was telling you guys I
was gonna plant in here and it turned
out so nice so I have these two little
plants that have kind of just been
sitting around the kitchen for a while
not knowing what to do with them I got
that little bridge and then I even got
some like little moss and rocks and
stuff in that and it looks so cool
because you can see like all the
different layers
you've got your rocks and your moss and
your soil and then your plants oh and I
put the Lego thing got Lego sent me for
Father's Day
thanks again Lego I love that picture of
me and the boys so it looks super good
up there too excited I'm excited I can
actually like work in this realm yeah
you just look so cute you and your
jammies you guys are matching jammies
we're getting ready to put the kids to
bed and then right when we started
giving them their dinner for bed they we
realized we really want to go to this
little bizarre that's in town we've been
kind of debating it all day and we
finally were like let's go it's gonna be
fun like let's do it so instead of
putting the kids to bed we put them in
there Jimmy so they're comfortable but
still cute and we're gonna go out and
have a little fun together as a family
it's just like this little event they
have in town that's like dancing and
it's like music and like things for sale
and whatever so we're getting ready to
leave right now
I can't find my phone anywhere which is
pretty much the norm for me so looking
for my phone hopefully we find it
ah-ha found it now we can go
so both the kids decided to fall asleep
on the way to our little starlight
outing
I'm really excited though this looks
really cool and it's like perfect
weather you know we never do this we
never like get them ready for bed and
then go out and do something I feel like
we could do this early and go see a
movie and then yeah I bet when we got
home love via sleep you know yeah even
have a horse here Missy that cool
look at this you guys oh my goodness
straight from Switzerland cheese just
melted over bread like that that's
amazing
felt like that that's just okay normal
way that they do and actually they're
gonna be yeah that looks so good
what do you think of the melted cheese
on bread it's pretty good and look at
these custom Mickey ears for a full time
yeah they got some cool stuff here
say hi he's not real
he looks so real it's really good no
don't do that
- puppies the boys are loving this cool
little bizarre there's so many different
artists here I love stuff like this
because I love supporting local things
oh yeah there are little puppies so all
he got himself a cupcake how is it it's
good we had to buy him a cupcake
Holly what is this guy doing that guy's
standing on a ball right now guess you
could say he's having a ball
we are finally home and you're a tired
boy huh it has been a fun fun day do you
remember what you got to do with auntie
what did you do with auntie makes wine
you made slime can we do yeah guys go
check it out it's up on her channel
right now well have it linked up in the
iCard it's up there actually only oh
yeah it's up there make sure to check it
out because you guys may sign and you
were so cute yeah you were so cute
during the video huh so yeah go check it
out go subscribe while you're there she
makes awesome videos and often times all
I gets to be in them and he loves being
in his videos but yeah we had fun it was
a fun little last minute trip to the
little bazaar and I'm really glad we got
to do it anyways this guy's like
goodnight guys I can't do this anymore
I'm too tired well we'll try again
tomorrow but make sure you give this
video a big thumbs up if you enjoyed it
he's like oh you guys tomorrow what do
you say
you
