I don't know yeah it's going on yes no
you did this
having a boy named Hagar my good buddy
good boy
why would you insist on making out with
me I was just telling Missy I feel like
I've gotten so much done today I wanted
to get up early and go film but I
actually ended up sleeping in a little
longer than I wanted to because I was up
really late but as soon as I woke up
like I got right on my computer and I
got like so much done I checked a lot of
things off my list and that is just like
so rewarding when you can make a list of
things you need to do and actually cross
them all off and like add more that is
so cool I'm like a huge list person
that's how I get things done so I feel
like super accomplished also just now I
got an email actually from this thing
called circle of moms and it looks like
one of you guys or one of her viewers
actually nominated her to be in the list
of top 25 mom blogs so that's really
cool I've never heard of that I'm gonna
go check it out and see what it is
exactly that that's just so cool that
someone actually like took the time out
to like write in her information and
nominate her hey guys so I just got off
work and I'm super excited because I
just saw that someone has nominated me
on the circle of moms
um to be the 2013 mom vlog of the year
and that is like the hugest honor I
don't I don't expect to win I honestly
see myself maybe um you know getting a
few votes but that's just like that's so
cool to just even be nominated as that
and you know to just that's just it I
don't know it's just huge and I just
love it and I'm so excited so if you
guys do want to vote for me that would
be awesome and I will have a link in the
description below I'm just I'm so
excited I feel like like honored as you
can say even though it's just like a
nomination but it was it was it I don't
know I just feel really good
these oranges are 99 cents a pound and
it literally feel like they're pound
each oh the only thing there's three and
they're three pounds these oranges are
literally a pound each I see okay miss
you look at Keebler is making like
almost all the different kinds of Girl
Scout cookies to have the chocolate mint
cookies looking at you these are
literally my favorite
they're only 70 calories a cookie how
much are these these got to be good for
you right I mean it's mint mint is like
a vegetable these are actually 35 I
could totes get these and eat them
sparingly yeah I'm getting up there and
I swear I felt baby like what
do I almost win oh my god did tell you
but then I'm like I don't really know I
just never know for sure I just want to
be a hundred percent I just never know
and I hate it we are in the smelly Babel
Isle again cuz he's freaking out
smells ridiculously like so much baby
powder it's gonna be a chore trying to
find scentless diapers but we don't need
to worry about that cuz cuz we're cloth
diapering I totally forgot off-white so
we just got done grocery shopping and we
got lots of good stuff lots of fruit and
veggies and gonna try my not get cooking
this whole chicken I've never cooked a
whole chicken in the oven but Missy's
mom has done a lot and it's so good but
Missy was telling me she was craving
mashed potatoes and gravy and so we have
to have chicken with it so it's not
always fun living in sunny California
there's actually a lot of traffic here
bad traffic especially in certain parts
of the town but this is like always
craziness I mean I'm sure it's traffic
in almost every town but in Idaho it was
not really like this very often and you
actually to get anywhere you never take
a freeway but in where we live you have
to take freeway to get anywhere you
anywhere you take a freeway everywhere
yeah and you have to like pick a freeway
like pick which one like a million of
them like that's okay they do this get
honest and I'll call the Californians
and it's so true because we're always
talking about directions and travel and
freeways like yeah I got on the 215 I
got the X 235 so I just got done eating
and
I think the baby is like super happy
that I just ate because I think I might
have felt popcorn here's the problem
like popcorn feelings in your uterus
kind of thing is it butter
I think it's Kel cuddle pay um here's
the thing I I just I can't ever say I
felt the baby because I want to be 100%
that I felt and I want this special
moment like I'm like looking for this
moment where all of a sudden I I grab
cry I'm like oh my god I just felt baby
kick like that's what I'm looking for
and I feel a lot of stuff and I don't
really know for sure and it feels kind
of weird and I don't I just don't know
woman's driving me insane
I just cannot wait for that moment not
like oMG there it was I am so mad that
we are like shopping at Walmart for like
the fifth time in a row
right this is the fifth day in a row
that we've gone to Walmart but I just
I'm so determined to make this homemade
hummus and I'm I'm just like that's what
I'm doing I'm gonna make it and it's
gonna be delicious
so we're looking for a cheap little food
processor that I can use so many choices
the baby Magic Bullet teasing is so cool
cuz we're planning on going all organic
homemade baby food
and this thing's perfect first of all a
date so you can say like when it's gonna
be bad or when you made it so you don't
use it too late so it doesn't go bad
people I definitely yeah will definitely
be getting one of those I don't know and
then yeah
are you sure but what if it doesn't work
then I will have failed at making
homemade hummus three times I can't put
up with that much you take it bag
it's not failure you're looking a
learning process can you get this one
I know my America who's that Lena
talking to so now that you guys actually
know what we're having
we can talk about it openly and we can
say that I mean yet we never get a
spongebob car seat but we can if we want
because it's a little boy
so I really hate that stores choose a
theme and then go crazy with it and so I
don't like the safari that's our thing
it's everywhere like if you don't like
Safari then that's not what if we don't
want our baby in a safari themed room
yeah really well this one hits like a
paint this user football oh you can get
grating see okay and we like cream yeah
we like that color green
wait that's not that expensive 400 yen
they unchain me Frankie for a bit okay
I'll give you and is there anywhere
everything is so expensive and look you
get even you know is this really
masculine though these swirly little
dots not a masculine boy he's a little
boy and he's not gonna be using this
many the man you guys made me in it's
really
are now in style because I'm like half
the size I just wait the long dresses
yeah
please no one's cool you okay now yeah
this one is like short in the front yeah
I like the ones that are short in the
front and long in the back yeah that's
what am I supposed to do with this yeah
it's a perfect length in my belly ending
me so cute in it yeah I'm striped
clothes so I just got home and my mom
bought some super cute maternity clothes
and I cannot wait to show you guys oh my
gosh they just attached balloons to my
dog and we is now afraid of them I'm
gonna be doing a maternity clothing haul
so be on the lookout for that so I can
show you all my cute clothes my mommy's
got me and I'll also be doing a baby
clothing haul too so hopefully that'll
be out soon never done this before yeah
we don't normally cavity at though is
that it we was little legs
oh god no god oh god oh god oh god oh
god oh god oh god oh god I got it
what the hell okay Oh stick my fingers
into it you know what is this right here
oh my god just came out of there this
gross oh is that a heart is that a
beating heart I told you that there's
stuff in there there's far as I cannot
pick it up Dubonnet to enable you to do
oh yeah nice so much sauce yeah I do the
back to you oh yeah
back inside side yeah I wish I can get
it back as my choices okay all right
we're good
so depends on how good the chicken is so
I'm about to chop my first thing in the
Ninja chopper and I hope it works
I'm putting the clove of garlic in for
my hummus recipe you ready 3 2 1
done for I made hummus Missy made the
bomb 'us chicken you guys it turned out
so good babe we are just eating dinner
on our bed and watching friends reruns
so since you just ate can you feel the
belly all right fill the baby oh I just
keep feeling like bubbles like bubbly
stuff but half a little bit of bubbly
stuff I just wish I could say yes I
thought the baby yeah maybe I just have
to go potty oh my god I just felt the
baby are you serious no he's kidding
okay so like we told you guys today we
found out that Missy was nominated to be
a part of the top 25 mom vloggers of
2013 and now she's still in the pending
category but just by her little
announcement on Facebook she's at the
top of the pending category with like
154 votes which is super cool so the
contest is gonna be open at the time you
guys see this video for two more weeks
we don't we're not really sure how long
it's been open till maybe it just
started today I'm not sure it might have
just started today but we have two weeks
until when March 13th is when the voting
ends and you can vote every single day
so in it so easy all you to do is go to
the link and press the red or the pink
heart like that's it yeah like you don't
have to create an account which is
really cool so for the next two weeks in
our daily vlogs we're gonna be doing
something that's really cool and it's
called dare
or dare and basically every daily vlog
starting with this one you guys are
going to comment below and you're gonna
dare us to do things they can be funny
things they could be gross things it
could be humiliating things things in
public just a little heads up Missy does
not like soda so we thought it would be
such a cool idea every day we're gonna
remind you guys hey go vote for Missy's
vlog see how far we can get it up there
even if she's on the same page as these
people it's so cool these are all people
that she watches all the time and she
loves and they're really really great
mom blogs but we just want to see how
high we can get up there because I think
it could be really cool I mean we have
really great subscribers so every day
we're gonna do a dare and it's gonna be
from you guys for the next few weeks
there's going to be something really
funny to watch in all our dailies and
they're all going to be things that you
dared us to do I'll put a link in the
description you guys go and vote for
Missy's thing you can do it every day
but I'm just going to remind you guys
today go to it and click the little
button the little heart it's like a
little heart pink heart you just click
it and it votes and you're good for 24
hours so go and do that and then come
back to this video and leave a comment
below with a dare obviously we don't
have any dares yeah let us know you
voted and leave a comment in it there
you can also tweet us with our hashtag
daily bumps it's like up there it's at
the right side maybe I know I think it's
up here hashtag us with daily bumps and
you can tweet us at Brian running or at
Missy letting that's in the description
a dare as well and we'll be taking day
requests from Twitter as well okay so
for today's dare since we don't have
anyone who's commented before about this
because we haven't told you guys yet
Missy's gonna dare me to do something
and I'm gonna dare her to do something
I'm kind of afraid to ask but Missy what
do you dare me to do um okay with the
one I have you're not gonna like cuz
it's like your worst fear okay well
first thing he's like crazy about the
carpet so okay I want him to lick the
carpet lick the carpet yeah are you
freaking kidding me there's like karma
hair on it yeah I know Christmas I'll do
it okay I'm gonna do it okay okay so
Missy dared me to lick the carpet
and I can't believe let me do it cuz
it's really Gosselin okay here we go
it's really hard ok myself and you had
to gear myself up you have to do your
whole time you can't just do the tip of
your tongue oh okay oh go vote go vote
from missing you guys oh that was gross
Oh Hogg are you ready for my dare yeah
it was really gross I could like feel it
all on my yeah I almost threw up I dare
you to are you ready for this let karma
eat peanut butter off your face for at
least 20 seconds okay you accept the
dare yeah okay you have to put peanut
butter on your face and Karma's gonna
lick it off for at least 20 seconds and
I'm timing it you get the video as I put
peanut butter on your face okay there's
a little jelly in here too so that's
cool oh my god this is like the okay oh
wait you think like the peanut butter is
freaking me out more than really more
than caramel licking it off you I don't
know yeah it's going on yes no you did
this you did this fine doing this no oh
just you wait just wait oh god I can't
done no Missy you're good you're good
karma no not yet
stop doing it okay just a little bit
more okay any longer than 30 seconds to
like the log okay let me get my phone
like for the timer come on come up here
come up here come on say it no Karma say
it not yet
are you ready Missy yeah
right right no not yet not yet not yet
okay cover you ready get way get it let
him do it let him do it
keep your voice down Ted Knight okay oh
my god remember like 40 seconds double
hmm oh my god I think it got might well
okay come on it washes off Oh in my eyes
okay you guys go vote look what we just
did for you for today if you're watching
going poker misty that's fun huh babe
yeah
oh I'm gonna my body is like cold
