we're gonna see that so I got a fish
laundry what what are you what do you
mean actually I'm pregnant good morning
Internet that was too much today's big
day guys we are just putting the final
touches and I crawling out of bed here
sorry about the mess
doing laundry seems like we're always
doing laundry but I'm only want to share
something really cool these are jeans
that I cut into shorts like maybe like
two or three years ago but they're
actually jeans that are smaller than I
normally wear and I actually have room
normally I can never even fit into these
and I actually put into them so that's
really cool I just realized I do this
all the time I shave at my desk
did you guys shaving weird spots made me
like in a living room or maybe at your
desk or in bed or in the car
I actually just wish I could grow my
beard one I wish I worked at a place
that allowed me to do it and to I wish I
was just physically able to grow a beard
hey guys so we are once again getting
ready for the party
this has been like a three day getting
ready kind of party but um you know just
kind of turn to take it easy so that
once the final day comes which is today
it's not so like crazy so I think we've
we've done pretty good just doing the
last-minute cleanup and preparing and
getting ready to go get ride K which I
cannot wait to see I'm so excited for my
cake yeah I think it shouldn't be such
an awesome day and I'm so excited
fly this day let it go okay ready huh
I'm with one you got job now wake up
Jimmy cut good yeah look at your way
dreamy good come in yeah come on grab a
blanket come on Missy gave me a whole
list of things to do before the party
today so I'm writing to do that but
first she needs breakfast so I'm going
to our favorite bagel place to grab for
a bagel and some cream cheese I'm really
hoping that I don't run out of gas
because it's saying it's empty so not
good
I actually got you breakfast a bagel
from the bagel place mm-hmm I don't pay
right and then I got you lunch cuz I
know you're gonna want lunch in like 30
minutes kind of my boy this he put me on
questionmark duty to put all around the
house and I kind of went a little crazy
got that one that one then I made a
karma one for just an evil dog in
general I don't know why his eyes the
red but and then I did a ballerina one
and a stripy one and then I was
listening to Justin Timberlake so I did
Justin Timberlake one so he's got a suit
and tie
boom so karma wanted to be involved in
the team blue and team pink um contest
so he is wearing both necklaces that way
he doesn't give off any clues as to what
his baby brother or sister really is
pump up be okay so I am all done
decorating so this is basically what it
looks like here's our living room area I
still haven't got my cake so we'll show
you that later but I have all the little
Hershey's with the hehe decorate or
colored um and then I've got my little
clothespin line with girl and boy
clothes uh all kinds of decorations over
here but a big huge I got those things
for a dollar I don't they're gonna be
like these little tiny squares this hue
yeah like from ceiling to floor huge and
then we've got streamers got all these
O'Brien I put him on the mission of
making question marks everywhere and he
went kind of crazy so oh it did hear a
show yes good
oh yeah but his Karma one he's got some
cool little ones and then my favorite my
favorites are the suit and tie and the
ballerina
it's Justin Timberlake suit okay I'll be
on my suit and tie most stupid stock
ever but okay and then Brian got a
little bit crazy with the streamers he
gets a little excited sometimes so he
put an x over here whatever that worked
and then he put this one right here just
very random I don't know it just
accentuates the room so I am on my way
to go pick up the cake so excited to see
that I cannot wait oh yeah so I'm doing
a contest as so that when people come in
they are going to write their team so it
says right here blue or pink what do you
think and they're gonna put their name
girl or boy
and then they'll pick up a necklace
choosing their team so that they wear
their team all day she also I'll show
you outside we have as they walk in they
have this so it says baby girl question
mark baby girl baby boy so yeah warm up
come on it's time to party so grandma
eat this be good
he's sad I can hear em eating it okay my
friend is here Kelly and she me and her
been like friends
we were little kids like we grew up
together and everything build diapers
for you guys in diversity no no it was
kindergarten then we were like best best
friends we ate cookie dough like all the
time she's kind of the reason why I'm a
bacon cookie so anyway that's really
exciting that she's here and we had to
kind of celebrate obviously it's
completely team pink pink she's she's
even wearing pink
so she's team pink and she cannot weigh
she's really mad that I've kept it a
secret from her this long but does she
know that we told the jewelry lady at
Kay Jewelers what oh yeah did you know
that we like when we were talking to the
Joey people she was like it's not a bump
and I told her that yeah but she's like
what are you having and I told her I was
like no one else knows
she's like don't worry I won't tell
anyone okay is 130 here so I've got an
hour and a half until the party starts
an hour and a half until our video goes
live and everyone's going to see and
everyone's so excited to find out and
I'm so excited to show you guys so yay
so why you need to wait Missy they're
hot
it's like pregnancy in a nutshell Missy
so hungry that she like shoves afraid to
her mouth when it's burning hot so this
is a storeroom we're picking up the cake
and Missy and Kelly we're actually
saying he used to sell candy bars for
their school right outside that is so
funny okay so we just got a cake you
guys want to see that looks like you
like it so cute I love it
okay yeah oh he's got a little blue
moustache little mister or a little mess
and a little pink bow and stripes all
around there and there is a color inside
so you'll see if it's pink or blue or
what's the other color what if it's like
bull wait a minute Kelly what is this
what are you holding right there this is
my mini iPad haha this is ridiculous you
seriously make calls on this this is
like if I were to put my mini iPad up to
my ear be like Hello
let's enjoy look ridiculous no come on
this is come on
it's an on site like fight for you but
I'm sorry it's big but it's perfect I
don't think I've ever seen a phone that
big that's the new note write the note
to Wow
is it nice yeah pretty much amazing look
she did like perfect
so the gender-reveal video goes live in
30 minutes and I literally have
goosebumps cuz I cannot I can't handle
it like it's just crazy like you guys
are going to see that so I got a Missy
was on me too
well I was telling me feels like I
better get the balloons cuz with your
like the fly
oh my god okay um I should probably go
ask for help on all the balloons after
that happy accident I walked in and
Missy was like so what happened cuz I
apparently they saw me running oh well
you didn't see me rut like run no I
thought you just lost all the balloons
on sight
oh my go away oh that was so funny I'm
got it I got on stuff this I'm seriously
in love with this cake say like so crap
yeah you did good
hey I actually got the idea from
Pinterest though and then we have the
message in a bottle so we have hidden in
Cassie's room some thing pretty cool
okay so we have about 30 balloons in
here and inside of these black balloons
are the color of the baby or I guess
blue girl or blue pink blue pink yeah
everyone's gonna get a balloon they get
a push pin and they get to pop it they
have to hole up and pop it and the color
is gonna flash it's gonna like explode
already test it out and it goes
everywhere like it literally is like a
bomb it is so cool but we got 30 of
these I blow them up there everyone was
about to pass out yesterday and you
can't see through my all no yeah they're
super block can you see through them
yeah she thinks they're peeing sub Kelly
check out my phone way bigger than yours
right yeah I would feel I could do it
though look I can probably hey how's it
going three yeah people are starting to
show up in Carmen's freaking out so I
gotta give them a treat
hi Carmel boy we still love you k karma
boy that'll keep him quiet for like five
seconds
what yum I love guacamole we are using
the packet I just put like onion powder
Barakat Orlick oh that's it I guess
that's basically a packet then you have
to put um just Splenda pulse' I'm tellin
ya do we have any salsa that's a lot of
work I'll just use a packet CJ what do
you think okay what do you think you
think it's gonna be a boy I see your
name you did good job spelling your name
huh buddy oh you gotta have someone you
know if you're right we give you prizes
yeah no prize let's get it ultimate
retreat hatboxes you know it's national
national tortilla today mother duck um
everyone's the living room everyone to
the living room uh sure
Kelly Kelly the living it's actually
that way okay everyone grab a balloon
what do you think it is I use the
awesome no what do you think of a
generous oh I think it's a girl girl
girl team girl okay you guys what team
are we on girl girl other he's still
going for other mouthing he's gone what
team guys boy what do you think Bailey
hey Bailey Bailey how rude she just
ignored me what do you think we're
having what do you think we're having
she's so excited what do you think we're
having yeah teen girl yeah Kelly's
obviously oh wait no don't give that to
me
he will pop it third balloon so hang on
so everyone's got a balloon and we're
all gonna pop it we gotta tell them hi I
need one more thing okay go on go go
hold them high and pop them hard okay
three two one
oh my gosh that got crazy fast little
blue feet that means it's a boy it's a
boy all right
yep it's a boy all right
does everybody want to watch the video
that everyone else is already saying
we're gonna show them the video now that
just went live on YouTube 20 minutes ago
and it's going crazy I can't wait to go
on and read all your as his comments and
see what everyone's saying so I'm stoked
Kelly are you sad you were wrong she was
so sure look at she wore pink shirt pink
scarf pink nails really mad it's okay
it's okay it's okay
hmm goody that's nice bright blue so
this is the video Missy and I made at
the beach and it just went live on
YouTube this is what everyone else saw
online stuff
it's a boy
we did it boy yeah we're pretty sure
it's a boy not only am i my time to
possibly even early so far your little
one has been a pleasure to carry with
little or no fuss and only a few diaper
changes which is difficult to do with a
beak I might add just a friendly
reminder that I will be accepting
gratuity upon my arrival in power in the
form of frogs in tiny fish earth forms
or any other small mammals sighs oh and
one more kitty your bundle of joy is in
fact a beautiful baby boy
congratulations on places did you write
the hell right yeah we just got silly
string it really stinks level is it on
me
they went down my shirt CJ you got
something on you I think it's all gone
Oh like that like spider-man I'll help
you up
come on
Oh so uh the party is just wrapping up
Wow
like the video is insane like you've
gotten like our phones and our iPad like
everything is going crazy like you guys
are so awesome thank you for commenting
and liking and sharing it and something
cool too
we actually made it to the front page of
Mama Roo they did a short little article
saying that stork mail general video is
the best we've seen so that's so cool
like oh I'm stoked oh my god did you
make that oh my god that's so cool I
can't wait to do pictures and be awesome
I do plan the cloth diaper so these will
work there you go gosh this is my
favorite yeah it's adorable is that
thank you this is Tina by the way she's
a family friend and she runs an Etsy
shop where she knits props today Oh
crochet I'll put it in the description
so people can see it but that's so cool
thank you yeah they're awesome - yeah
thank you guys
fine can't make girls it was the party
turned out awesome the balloons were
perfect yeah you guys will see it if you
guys watch our video or anything then
you'll see it it was like amazing like
everywhere we miss you guys you wish you
were here for the party
look at my shoes guys it's from all the
confetti and still the string that I
spray did everyone and then other people
attacked me with um but for me no one
else's shoes look like that that's weird
alright guys so we are very exhausted it
was just a really long day where poop
yeah but it was fun is some fun party
went really great reveal went really
great it feels really good
to say that we are having a boy having a
baby boy and we can tell you guys we
don't like keep it a secret any longer
Missy was feeling horrible about Hays
yeah there's a little baby boy in here
this gender reveal video
it's like going cray cray right now the
thing is is that it's not just an
awesome video an awesome way to like
reveal it it has so much meaning behind
it because it's is like reflects you
know our journey and the things that
we've been through and um I don't know
it just it like came from the heart and
it's just a really really fun and and
sweet video that is just oh no it's just
really special it's not just a fun way
to announce it it means something yeah I
think like with everything we've been
through it's just a really cool way to
sort of like celebrate it because
finding out the gender is such like a
big part of the pregnancy it's like a
milestone and getting to that milestone
with this pregnancy is just really cool
and obviously like you can see our
passion in the video just by watching it
because we put a lot into it and a lot
of thought behind it before we even
started filming I will say like it's
insane turnout it was up at 3:00 that
was five hours ago
and so we're at 206 comments and almost
300 likes
that's insane we're almost at 300 likes
like I don't think we've had any video
do that before that's just so cool like
everyone is loving it just as much as we
do and so feels good to finally say
we're having a boy we'll probably talk
about it a little bit more in tomorrow's
vlog sort of about the confusions and
all that I have a ton of pictures from
the party that will probably upload to
Missy's Facebook page for her vlog the
bumps along the way so I'll put a link
in the description so you guys can see
pictures thanks for watching guys I hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
bum bum bum
it's how you sleep shoes there's still
comfortable
