okay what are you what do you mean
actually I'm pregnant hey guys good
morning
Warner okay it's not really morning
usually when I say good morning it's not
really morning because I'm one of those
people that likes to roll out of bed at
at 11:00 a.m. when I can
although the a.m. still counts this
morning so I guess it is still morning
last night I found myself perusing old
Shaytards videos I don't know if you
guys watched Shaytards I never really
like watched them like religiously like
some people do but last night I decided
I was going to go check out some of the
older videos so I you know kept
scrolling down clicking see more
scrolling down clean and see more and I
came across this video that shaycarl put
up right before he they started vlogging
every single day of their life he was
essentially sort of bringing up the idea
of vlogging every day of your life
putting up a video every single day and
that sort of turned into like their
daily video diaries for their family but
at the end I thought it was so
interesting because he was saying you
know in nine years if someone asked me
what I do how cool would it be today to
say I'm a vlogger and he's like that
would be so cool and then at the end he
was like but that'll probably never
happen and now look we're like three not
even my didn't take him nine years we're
like three years from that and he's a
vlogger full-time and that's what I
wanted to talk to you guys about for our
vlogs like for us like our daily vlogs I
really see it as a challenge like making
a video every day and putting it up
online is a challenge like if you guys
know anything about video it's tough you
know I got to edit edit like 30 minutes
of footage and put it into twelve
minutes but as I see it the rewards are
way more than that
um so I wanted to tell you guys you know
the main reasons behind doing this daily
vlog is it to make money isn't to become
famous or anything Missy and I are in
such a cool point in our lives because
she's pregnant and we're starting a
family that I am literally just so happy
with our life right now like we've gone
through ups and downs in the past but
like right now I think she would agree
like we've never been happier
and I just always want to remember that
moment because it's so special to us so
that's like one of our main goals is to
really just preserve this time that we
have and also at the same time we kind
of want to do the same thing we're doing
with her pregnancy channel we want to
instill like hope in young couples
who've experienced miscarriage who've
experienced stillbirth who've gone
through struggles you know in the area
to look at us and look at Missy and be
like wow she's pregnant look how happy
they are and and sort of see that same
hope that's what I want to bring you
guys this is sort of like a hope for
other young couples who may not have
dealt with that maybe just like a
positivity you know like you can do it
you know I kind of want to spread like I
hope to to young couples even you know
that if your desire is to start a family
and you're committed to someone that you
can do it and it's not like a weird
thing to do people used to look at it so
weird when we are 18 and marry they were
like you're married and you're 18 it's
like yeah we're committed to each other
for life you know and that's a huge
thing to us so I just want to let you
guys know that if ever you see like any
of like the nice graphics on our videos
or on our channel or nice photos and
stuff we don't pay anyone to do that we
don't hire anyone to do that I actually
went to school for graphic design and
photography so YouTube is sort of my way
to use all of my photography graphic
design and video skills to do all that
if ever you guys think wow they're just
in it for the money look at all these
nice graphics and stuff like that that's
all me baby I'm staying up till 2:00
3:00 a.m. sometimes doing that stuff
because I'm such a perfectionist but I
just wanted to let you guys know that if
you guys had any questions about that
leave them below in the comments
basically our main goal is to just you
know preserve this moment in our lives
for however long we can
and to spread hope and positivity to
other people and sort of be that next
generation of the Shaytards you know
that Shaytards brought so much
entertainment and positivity to people
through just their simple little family
and we kind of want to be the next
generation of that want to go with that
but it's only $75 okay.what under and I
am starving so I am gonna cross some
chicken she can see and I'm gonna run to
the store and grab some sort of salad
and cook it up and throw it in the South
before I have to go to work so I'm
headed to the store now I'm gonna pick
up some salad stuff to put in my so
looks I'm hungry usually I have salad
like in the fridge like I already bought
stuff but I just haven't been thinking
about the past couple days just just
been really busy running a ton of
errands but one thing I did want to
mention on what I was telling you guys
this morning is when you guys comment
and like and subscribe it really shows
us you know that what we're doing with
this channel is it's something that is
worth doing it for um so I just want to
let you guys know you know like keep
commenting to us we read everything you
guys tell us you know sometimes we'll
comment back like the video and you know
share it with your friends if you want
to and that just sort of shows us that
you know what we're doing has meaning
behind it so just wanted to let you guys
know about that they've got the Girl
Scout cookies out front so hard to say
no but I know if I get some of these a
whole box so I just have this bread idea
that I actually might make my own hummus
because I hear it's not too hard we had
a food processor so it's just made out
of chickpeas right and like oil and
stuff I'm actually going to try that so
two cans of Red Robin what was that CJ
that's you on TV huh do you remember
that get the TV
that's CJ is mommy in that cool CJ
frying up some chicken and then I got
this solid pack it's a Santa Fe Caesar
so I'm gonna chop up some avocado and
then throw my chicken in there and I'll
spring good I haven't tried this pack
usually I always get the light Caesar
but in the mood for something spicy like
I always am so chickens almost done
cutting up some avocado I love avocado I
will literally put avocado in everything
if I can I'm actually probably gonna put
a little bit when I make my hummus
out of the chickpeas and sesame tahini
stuff I know hope that works out and
then there's one requirement of all
smartphone owners
you must Instagram your food before you
eat it oh yeah okay so I'm going to
attempt to make my own hummus I've never
done this before I've always thought
about doing it I didn't want to do it
from the powder stuff that you can sort
of get like at a window but I want to do
it straight from real chickpeas so I've
got my blender got my iPads with a
recipe just a simple recipe that I found
for a basic hummus and let me get
started and see if this actually works I
had no idea chickpeas look like that oh
you know smell good whoa
so weird that when you blend that you
get a mess this does even weirder tahini
it's like a sesame seed paste see if I
can show it to you it almost looks like
a peanut butter but it's really really
thick gross okay so I got lemon juice
and the tahini in here
process it for 1 minute says so this
really is not gonna work our blender I
thought was more like a food processor
but it's not working what do I do
the Blendtec can we do that tonight
we're gonna go to miss his aunt's house
and use a Blendtec cuz I just it's not
gonna work this like a complete hummus
fell right here hi Bailey you say hi hi
okay guys so I feel so stupid because I
started doing that and now I literally
have to leave for work and I'm like two
minutes late so I feel bad cuz Missy's
gonna clean it up and it really smells
so try not to breathe in excited on tieu
to throw up okay but I'm not hand you
guys want to her excited to better work
I love you bye look at her she's taking
death canoe yes she really hey
she really wants to oh you baby girl
come here come on Tom Dubrow come on
come on come here let's go that's
cheating
mm okay take her time goodbye
bye mm-hmm oh she's got mad ah my baby
blogger here here can hear baby
holdin home the camera oh okay say hi hi
okay yourself over here hi
me and my mom are running around getting
more stuff to the party I'm getting so
excited and I cannot believe that it's
just in a couple days we get to finally
announce it and I cannot wait for you
guys to even see the video I'm so
excited about that but um yeah so we've
just been running around dollar stores
and stuff probably going to do more
planning be doing more planning tomorrow
and the moms like IHOP cuz she's craving
soup for her to see John potato salt
potato soup so she really wants potato
soup
you think she's pregnant but if I was
gonna stuff oh yeah she went to the
dentist so she needs some kind of soup
and oh that's why she's craving so we're
getting soup for her and I'm we're
headed well karma thinks it's okay to
just eat his hamburger karma don't turn
it up oh sit your hamburger she's just
sweet oh he just threw it at me ready
no I'm not gonna throw it no oh he's not
that you guys say your hamburger he
really likes it he's getting ready to
actually eat it you're gonna eat it
gonna give me is just the cutest puppy
ever
me and him love to hang out when cute
always looks me in the weirdest places
uh-huh
me and him love to hang out when Brides
on here oh oh you're just so sweet if
you are we still haven't got him treats
now I want streets you can't have a
treat there's no more for our treats
karma does not know what to do here
there's a cat and it's on his bed what
are you gonna do about this kitty cat
huh this is Claire bear
and he says stay away come on up here go
boy yeah lay down lay down lay down sit
karma
clears just being a cutie you just being
so cute and cuddly
Karma's being all scary you just kid you
off my bed oh hey guys so I just got
home it's like 11 o'clock and I am
exhausted I'm really happy though
because I have like the next five days
off so um that's really cool because she
get to focus on the gender-reveal party
on Sunday I've got some filming things
to do for my other job next week but oh
I actually I got home and this is what I
saw when I walked through the door here
I'm gonna go outside and show you guys
trying to say before that the dog so you
can't hurt the same features at the CRB
unless we pay extra I talk to my man the
CRTC
noted the standard features anything
always matter what you did yeah I did
take a shower I did come on come on come
on I was really hoping to make some
hummus when I got home but couldn't get
the Blendtec blender from missing yeah
but I'm hoping we can assume because I'm
I really want to make some homemade
hummus and I bought all the things to do
it and it's just like sitting here now
not doing anything alright guys so we're
just getting ready for bed but I wanted
to show you one more thing that I just
did this is on Missy's channel we have
the video up and it's scheduled to be
released at Sunday at 3 p.m.
everything's ready and YouTube will make
it go live at 3 p.m. Pacific Standard
Time on Sunday so like I'm freaking out
let's just like so cool like I cannot
wait for you guys to see I watched it a
million times pretty stoked for you guys
to see that so that's something to look
forward to tomorrow we are getting the
final touches of everything done for our
gender-reveal party on Sunday so that's
all we got for today but thank you guys
so much for watching I hope you enjoyed
it and we will see you tomorrow so
I mean Brian found his favorite cheese
don't know trying to walk I don't think
you are wait am i doing actually that
was kind of good Oh kind of words I mean
not just Michael Jackson style but
that's actually pretty
