we don't really get ever a day off
together yeah like ever like heaven
like ever ever we never ever never ever
day off like we never ever ever never
ever get a day off together that's the
thing
we wandering
shut up what what do you what do you
mean actually I'm pregnant
Karma's being such a scaredy cat this
morning karma come on come on come on
come on boy yeah I see him he's like
scared out of his mind for no reason
come on what's wrong hey guys so I was a
little slow getting out of the house
this morning I am headed to film for my
job but I was about to leave the house
and the battery wasn't charged and so I
had to wait for it to be charged so in
the meantime I was just reading all your
guys comments I'm glad everyone loves
the new intro on yesterday's vlog that's
awesome I know yesterday's vlog was long
it was like 20 minutes long and that's
really rare but we had shot so much
footage that day I think we just had a
super busy day and we were both just
like vlog happy so we recorded like 45
minutes of footage and I had to cut it
down to 20 usually it's like 20 minutes
and I cut it down to like 12 I figured
there's a lot of cool stuff going on
yesterday and I want to include it I am
on my way home that was pretty fast
if I do say so myself I'm just you know
just that good you know I just just do
my thing so we're cool it's pretty cool
it's pretty cool
come come hey boy hey boy I'm home
hi well you seem better now you're all
happy or not run and jump and play huh
oh no more treats just a lot of treats
we gotta get you some treats boy huh you
just like oh yeah there's no treat where
to treat pride or treat you're gonna
give me a treat soon huh better butter
butter caramel wasted touching my belly
we just one big caramel the baby fit you
have to teach him how to properly touch
your belly go boy nicely come on you
know I'm pregnant you know you have a
little brother or sister in there you
know which one may your body down good
boy oh I was just telling Brian that I
just got a new schedule so I'm kind of
excited about it I get Friday's off so
I'm really excited I basically get a
three-day weekend every single weekend
we don't really get every day
together yeah like ever my Kelly
like ever ever we never ever never ever
day off like we never ever ever never
ever get a day off together excuse me
excuse me cart scuse me you're fun I may
have hit it mm-hmm
oh I don't mean if the cart just not
allowed to hang out there that's what
happened yeah I should have done that
Missy it's really in there stupid car
I'll back it out oh cool huh cart
getting a mop wait so we're at Dollar
Tree and we gotta get peak stuff and
blue stuff for the gender-reveal party
anything whether we say that one first
or not oh my gosh everyone is so funny
they think all these little Q's and our
videos are giving away the gender but I
just want you to know that I go through
those with a fine-tooth comb and there's
nothing to ever suggest a gender so if
you guys think you found it you're wrong
right or so mean though I thought I'd be
really mad if I was them so I'm sucking
it's really hard to do these are the
crappiest pin laws ever
Lucy I got it no I did it pink and this
stuff right here oh she got the pink one
first kind of ridiculous but they're
actually a dollar there's a little tiny
thing so I I take that back
she's grabbing pink napkins hmm she's
got blue napkins okay
I never expected the dollar store to
have all this like gender-reveal stuff
you know like it's a boy gender-reveal
stuff so it's it's baby shower side oh
yeah but you can get like some pink
boots yeah and some pink carriages blue
pacifiers cuz it doesn't say boy or girl
look at this bag with a pregnant lady on
it I don't know the dollar store
actually has some cool stuff hey Missy
so I feel less bad about throwing those
candles away you got me at for my
birthday
that's what I said just throw them away
I was like no she probably like $10 a
candle here they are at the dollar store
this squeak usually requirements not
allowed to squeak well no good I'll make
you rather get them this one because
it's harder to find the squeaker that's
so annoying I literally want to gouge my
brain out when you do that get them give
him this rawhide doughnut that'll be
gone in like three seconds
I hope you guys noticed that I'm wearing
my new jacket yeah cooling it I washed
it I feel like I look kind of big in it
but I'm think it shrink a tad and I
smell like a hippie yeah does it smells
clean so I was gonna wear it to the
beach but our dryer broke so it got
stuck on the dryer so I was kind of
bummed it was like this is like my beach
jacket you know it's like the jacket
that people wear when they go to the
beach and smoke pot
just saying nothing usually see ya I
needed a jacket today it's not like
super coal we act like babies
honestly we're just babies cuz it's not
cold here most people look probably look
cold okay but it's Chili's I'm
comfortable uncomfortably cold and I'm
wearing shorts and a jacket we're
complaining as the Sun is like shining
and down I feel actually quite hot right
now and I think we should turn on the
air yeah there this morning at work I
put on the air conditioning and I put my
jacket on so I was cold and then I was
wearing myself but it's just comfortable
that's what I did you says it's 55
defense I mean that's pretty cool that's
probably colder than it actually is but
I think most people in America would be
like that's tank top weather yeah in
Idaho 60 degrees you'd be like on the
grass and our shorts and flip-flops yeah
that's very true but here that's
wintertime how we get to go to dinner
with my cousin so that should be really
fun we haven't had dinner with them in a
long time so I think we're going to Red
Robin sucessfully yummy Red Robin yep
every single time every time you say Red
Robin time yeah one time we were like on
a fix for Red Robin it was literally
like I'd say Robin hey young man
are we going to a hungry store high-five
are we going oh oh and one wabun Red
Robin what blend warm in here
Red Robin young see I do it
going up so fast one two
you got to do it three four I declare
someone go go go go go oh no oh no you
got me you win well that's not very nice
so we are at Red Robin with Missy's
cousins I don't know if you guys have
formally met them but this is Jessica
and that's a little baby you see her all
the time because we watched her at the
house like two days a week and she's
adorable and I just love her
and then this is CJ say hi CJ wave and
then this is her husband Randy he's a
Packers fan and he's from Wisconsin hey
did I tell you my aunt sent me a bunch
of Wisconsin cheese so good she sent me
this one like spinach and artichoke
cheese
I'd like I put it on everything so huh
no cheese curds I really like the cheese
pudding regular savory oh yeah thank you
this is my favorite thing to get at Red
Robin it's a Southwest salad and it has
these like batter jalapeno to them
we are back on the hunt for a pink and
blue stuff for the party there's
something here there's always something
on you guys I just read a comment that
people think it's a girl because I film
too much pink stuff so here's some blue
stuff for you guys we got stuck working
at baby things mmm look what it does you
did oh yeah
crib and then you get a toddler bed and
a Ben yeah that's cool
I don't know I think I'd be weird if you
were like sleeping in this bed and you
were like yeah I was once pooping and
crying in this same bed yeah I think
people rarely use them all the way
through like that this is kind of nice
so it's got the shelves on it you
couldn't do that look it's a nice pad up
there for changing
I'm gonna build you one okay Missy
doesn't think I can build over but I
want to know I do we can make it
completely custom think you could do it
I just that's code for you can't do it
okay I cannot buy my husband anymore
there he is hey I was just calling you I
couldn't find you and you would not get
separated cuz I always lose me I don't
ever have my phone Brian's looking for
shoes what something like why really
what I really want like Nikes but those
are like $130 but these are kind of like
them these are cool
those are obnoxiously green I like green
that's my favorite color green buzzer
ooh that wouldn't even match and get it
that would match anything Wow feels like
like maybe running shoes like maybe
something you would wear if you're like
y'all start running these shoes have
obviously been worn and so they just
attached this little number to it and
put them on this crappy thing oh my gosh
not lame that's really lame whoo these
are cool
no obnoxious please the same thing
excuse me back up excuse you yeah
you see that if someone doesn't sakes
yeah that's fine in our basket our baby
clothes and then not just baby clothes
but a certain gender baby clothes you
want to see ha ha covered up I know
we're like horrible people and we're
totally teasing you guys sorry so I
think Bryan found his favorite shoes I
don't know I was trying to moonwalk
I don't think that really wait am i
doing it actually that was kind of good
kind of worked no I mean not Jack
Michael Jackson style but that's
actually pretty good
really yeah I think yeah I don't know oh
not I'm doing Wow
well that's what they get are you
telling you cheap shoes yeah I'm not
getting these first person snapping what
did you just say to me Missy just like
right before I hit record say it it was
gross
is it we both don't feel that after
eating at Red Robin I'll just say that
seem to get up yeah it's okay I don't
know what is he afraid of our YouTube
videos when he hears us talking on the
TV he's afraid of basically YouTube all
that any video that's on like the voices
I like using the head hurting that so
weird is that why I'm so weird
yeah he's freaked am i cuz we're
watching this vlog and so I had to put
him in the room
like where everything is like shaking or
like trying to hide yeah see here's my
voice laughs anymore what's up here oh
you just know huh there's something in
there for you baby sit good boy stay
okay all right guys so our day is ending
we are in bed and just gonna watch some
TV and hit the hay tomorrow's one of
those days where I go to work when we
see gets home so yeah if you guys
haven't seen Missy's 15-week bump date
go check it out I'll put a link in the
description oh I'm glad everyone likes
the new intro there's going to be
another new intro at the beginning of
this video because someone had mentioned
that they missed the hey part when it
says it in like our theme song and I
missed it too so I found a way to work
it in so tell me if you guys like that
it's pretty cool anyway thank you guys
for watching
I'm subscribe if you have it and follow
us on Twitter because Twitter is cool Oh
Missy says fall over on Instagram not
Twitter she only uses her Twitter to
link it to Instagram but you can follow
it if you want to miss he likes
Instagram more than Twitter so follow
her on Instagram follow me on Twitter I
think I just passed like eight hundred
and thirty followers that's pretty cool
so yeah follow me on Twitter thank you
guys for watching and we will see you
tomorrow good bye oh oh I drop the
camera don't cheat
three wait on go okay three two one
give it back
Oh
I was again Teeter on go not on too
