you're not going to race with the coin
vortex
you said it here and you don't do
anything except for set it down don't
cheat
three wait on go okay three two one
finish she totally cheated that I guess
thanks again party though good
exactly saying 150 laundry oh good
because actually I think you shut up
what yeah what do you what do you mean
actually I'm pregnant
hey guys I'm getting ready for work but
look at this cutie but dude a there's
Sleeping Beauty oh good morning oh we
got your morning cuddles paws unicut
O'Brien you gonna cuddle it oh no come
on was she doing
let's help Brian this but I literally
dropped this camera all the time because
he's probably gonna watch this anyways
um I am ready for work
and I got my green smoothie and I'm off
Missy you cannot drop this camera it's
not your phone they see drops our phone
like twice a day it doesn't even have
that good of a case on it um so it's
only a matter of time before she like
shatters it but control from the camera
it's our only one we really need to get
another camera I think because something
were to happen to it I didn't know it'd
be so devastating he's sad also ah
also I just got out of the shower and I
had my phone in there and the entire
time this is all I heard because we've
been getting so many comments on
yesterday's video sort of about the name
change and the intro change and I get it
we're not going to change the name might
change the intro make a little shorter I
don't know but thank you guys so much
for answering it's so cool that we can
like actually ask you guys something
there goes that goes again
um and there it goes again I'm not even
I can I'm not even making this up you
guys um but it's just so cool that we
can like ask you guys something and you
respond that's like crazy cool thank you
guys so much
also I wanted to give you guys a little
update on my weight loss I literally
stepped on the scale this morning and I
could not believe I actually laugh cuz I
was like no way and I stepped off and I
stepped back Don and it said the same
number and I was like no way it's ah
it's so cool I don't know if you guys
can really tell like maybe from maybe
from the first
to this vlog I don't know wow I met over
20 pounds lost now you guys in I don't
know how many week I guess since we
started this vlog I started the diet and
I think we're coming up on a month now
almost almost a month on a daily vlog so
that's really cool 20 pounds lost you
guys I am 10 pounds away from my very
first goal and I did it in such a short
amount of time and I'm eating what I
want and I feel great so I'm gonna do a
little happy dance
hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo Oh how's my happy
dance so I'm just chilling with my
favorite little buddy karma hi camera
all right okay okay he just he just is
always in your personal bubble hung
karma but I found something so cool and
I showed it to Missy and she's freaking
out they have these things on Etsy it's
by silly buddy and they're customized
collars with attached bow ties and they
also have matching leeches these things
are so cool like karma would look so
cool in these look at that come on you
want a bow tie she look fancy
he would love that oh my gosh that would
be so cool I just came out to my car to
get my sunglasses and recei yelled at me
from the mailbox I didn't know you're
home wait did you mail that give away
stuff no I need to go to the business oh
cool oh they're all in here hi today
you're still drinking that green
smoothie oh I got the cup yeah
looks like baby poo
you watch it you drank that yeah gross
and Brian are running errands we got to
get a navel orange for our bump date
today so that's always exciting and
Brian's getting gas really getting take
a fast food period and like sometimes I
just yeah I don't know we out quite a
bit there he is
makes you get a waffle hole
you do the bullets of the cone now ah
so me and Brian been reading all the
comments from yesterday's vlog and
luckily everyone agrees with me I wasn't
going to say like how much I really want
to do in Boston say but I'm really bad
because everyone really does think that
daily bumps to definitely stick there
probably somehow incorporate this can
dry it in there so that people know well
there's like hair on you guys nopal we
incorporate our names somewhere and then
possibly even make the intro a little
bit shorter because it is a bit long
yeah
so I'm glad you guys I get to stick with
my day long Florida spot you're right I
am glad I'm right well I knew it
Danny bomb is just perfect so I'm all
done eating my delicious healthy burrito
healthy its healthy it's shrimp there's
a sign on the wall right there that says
shrimp is good for the nervous system
and brain to help your body battle
fatigue depression and memory loss
so it's like a superfood it really is
and you know I'm so afraid I'm so afraid
of getting Alzheimer's shrimp is good
for that
she's macking on her ice cream still
moved on
the first time the baby goes to cold
stone they're gonna be like I want
chocolate with the waffle cone mixed in
I don't know why
honestly if I fit into a large this is a
cool color huh yeah
so zip it up
Ochs good comfortable
this is my favorite store always find
cool stuff in here
this jacket is so flippin soft and so a
20 box is cool color is this supposed to
be like drag that is weird anything in
clearance you think nice what boss
oh yeah Missy gravitated to the jewelry
store
what are you looking for Missy
I would like to get you in the frame
yeah
oh I like it though special to me and
it's got that message inside
but it's very cheap
yeah like it'd be cool
really dreams
I knew there was an ulterior motive to
this it's interesting what is
interesting
or you could just do a straight man to
they kind of look at like a different
color
well mines are Wars here's me saw down
to get me callers to keep it is you're
not gonna race with the coin vortex
you said it here and you don't do
anything except for set it down
don't cheat three wait on go okay three
two one
hey she totally cheated
give it back gosh
try this again cheater on go not on two
three two one go
you cheated I didn't cheat that one's
mine
you guys many
I totally lost one Cline that one's mine
I've no idea I have no idea
I've you
I felt wrong
I'm pretty sure that I won the
longer-lasting the longest isn't always
the best thing to see
okay okay so we just hooked them all and
okay I will admit we kind of got a
little stock ticker I I have always
wanted to look at something a little bit
different for my ring I love the ring I
got I mean he bought it when he's 18 and
gone engagement routine so I love the
ring that I have but I've always wanted
to do some kind of upgrade so I was just
looking on I always wanted to upgrade
his ring too because we got his like
Walmart okay for like super Jeep it's
still 10 karat gold yeah I mean it's
it's nice but it's definitely bent he's
bent it as he does stuff and of course
it has its engraved but I don't know I
just always wanted to upgrade yeah I
really like the engraving so you never
got anything I want to say exactly the
same thing yeah so anyways that she
totally sucked us in and she didn't
notice your mom she yes and of course
she knows my bunk which always you know
gets me talking and it was funny because
she actually said bump
yeah do I detect it bump yeah he's like
do I see a bump this is like what what
oh yeah yeah well if first I was like
what are you talking you know those
bumps on me okay but anyways um yes you
should notice that and I was like yeah
I'm pregnant she's like Oh what are you
having and I will admit
I couldn't hold it I had to tell someone
I told her what we're having we haven't
even thought like all our family we told
the lady at the jewelry store yeah they
really want to know track her down
yeah but I'm not telling you where we
went oh my gosh they're gonna find out
where no because if you guys didn't know
our anniversary is on eight eight oh
eight well that's when we got married so
our anniversary is August 8th the baby
is due August 16th but most likely the
baby will be born a week before that if
not earlier so unless I go into labor
before that I will be induced when I'm
39 weeks so what is that seven days
before the 16 15 14 13 12 11 10 9 so
technically the baby could be born on
August 9th which is very close obviously
to our anniversary so he should get me a
push slash anniversary present I'm good
sound good okay so we are at the post
office and Missy shipping her give away
stuff for Biddy baby bands the little
box I didn't not realize it it would be
that little I know it's pretty though
can I even fit yeah it is like on this
gold trim on it but if we get anything
they all see that they'll keep it that's
cool check out the we get to pick out
the biggest one the name in my phone
okay that's a that's an orange bugger
what you can pick up
the orange burger Missy told me she
needed noodles this is three packages of
noodles different kinds - I never know
what read different kinds of noodles
though maybe I want angel hair one day
but I want this kind another day well
take my noodles look what I found you
guys alfredo sauce light 50% less fat
and calories I'm gonna make something
with it
hey he's on lockdown cuz he just trapped
through the house bad dog
oh there's another babe Oh Missy don't
around don't look rubbing it in who have
really good ideas all the time and it's
not that that wasn't a good idea it just
wasn't the right idea but don't worry
when they see that when they see that
gender-reveal video you're gonna say
they don't know it's a gender reveal
video oh yeah they do okay well they're
going to be like yeah Brian's right oh
okay so I have to break something I'm
not even involved in this take that kind
of a sub just today and I kept saying
that I was going to reveal it on
Saturday and I actually meant Sunday I'm
really really sorry
I really need Saturday to get ready for
the party so I I'm gonna be doing it
Sunday so the gender revealed video will
be up on Sunday I'll see the party
because it will be at our daily bumps on
Monday so I know that totally sucks
and I really I failed really big I know
I got all your hopes every Saturday and
I really am excited to show you guys and
Sol's like Saturday the weekend it's
Sunday
okay so some of you guys were asking if
we cook and I had actually responded
saying that I'm actually a really big
cook I love cooking especially now I'm
kind of on this diet one thing I do now
when I'm cooking though is I measure
everything with a food scale because I
track all my calories that's how I've
been losing weight and so I'm going to
make some Alfredo like pasta with
chicken and pepper
and stuff like that I'm so I'm going to
measure out my noodles before I put it
into my app so I get the correct amount
boom
so this is a serving size okay I pretty
much learned how to do it because I
worked at a pizza place
oh I usually have Missy cut my peppers
cuz cuz I don't know how oh no that's
good parmie one red pepper that's a
green pepper green pepper saying wow
this is new do you like it I don't know
he just left I really could never eat
this it smells kind of good but it's
never yet but I can definitely yeah I
want to UM like cut him up into strips
and like feed peppers to our kids like a
snacks and stuff we're gonna be those
kind of parents this piece come here ah
kind of likes peppers now I guess now
I'm going to dice these up all nice next
time you'll see they're gonna be dice
watch this see ha ha magic decided I'm
going to take some spinach leaves baby
spinach leaves and chop those up and and
pan frying with the garlic I've never
cooked spinach but I like spinach every
now and then and I put my chicken egg so
I'm just gonna let the chicken cook for
a little bit and then until it's white
on all sides and then I'm gonna throw my
veggies in so this is everything I
seasoned the chicken with this is pretty
much what I seasoned everything in but I
love it on chicken I use fresh black
pepper garlic powder onion powder and
chili powder I don't use any salt like
garlic salt or hung himself I like chili
powder because I like things a little
spicy just a little bit so I'll have
chicken cooking right now so I got all
my veggies cut here I got green pepper
red pepper and a little bit of spinach I
have no idea how that spinach is going
to turn out but I'm gonna throw it in
there and see what happens
so after all the noodles are in there I
take just a little bit of water pour it
in there and then put all it on it I
just set up the camera so he can record
her bump date cuz she's whining you
wanna go to bed
was easy I wanna go to bed hey that's
exactly what you're gonna say yeah okay
cameras all set up are you ready so I
just took the lid off everything looks
good it all steamed up nicely all the
waters gone on the bottom of pan it's
now I'm going to pour some of this
alfredo sauce which you saw me find at
the grocery store today
it says light fifty percent less fat and
calories this is where the magic happens
what's really cool though is that made a
ton look at all that and I'm probably
not gonna eat it all but I put it all in
my app that I am and this whole skillet
thing is only 539 calories that's what
the pasta the peppers the sauce and the
chicken so pretty awesome alright guys
so I tried it and it is pretty dang good
I know it's weird looking I'm not sure
why it turned brown it was just cuz I
liked pan-seared everything really good
it was really good and the green peppers
all the peppers are cooked perfectly
they're not like mushy they got a little
crisp to them that was really cool tell
me if you guys make that for your family
this could basically feed probably like
three people I didn't even like get it
all I have a huge plate of it just go
down my bump date I am so ready for bed
so tired now Oh
Cassie's making you Parmesan noodle yeah
oh I did
I don't know I'm probably told I don't
know how to do this whatever that's how
I put things away I eat so much and
there's like a ton of food life that's
good a young stuff for lunch and stuff
no I don't think over the last will you
think yeah okay guys so I just finished
editing Missy's 15 week
bump date and we are in bed now missus
like about to fall asleep got old
Whitney on it's a funny show do you guys
watch Whitney what are some shows that
you guys like to fall asleep to ours are
probably friends the office and Parks
and Rec we like watch all those seasons
continuously like as soon as we end up
with the last one we just go into a new
show first episode first season and just
go through all of them and that's like
our nightly routine is we just like keep
putting on episodes of whatever while
we're doing whatever and trying to fall
asleep tomorrow is going to be an early
day for me I got to go film at my other
job and yeah but thank you guys everyone
for commenting on yesterday's video
letting us know what you think there may
or may not be a new intro on this video
if there's not I'm still working on it
if so then I finished congratulations
future Bryan you finished something so
that's always cool but um thank you guys
for watching and we will see you
tomorrow bye
and then you won't even have any kids
that I did this until they walk it off
right now
