your mom's fault she needs to be clear
who she's talking to you even if she's
in the car behind us no it's my fault I
was vlogging because I couldn't like
control this control you as you drive no
it's my fault because I'm stupid and I
don't know how to get anywhere
good morning guys
we are in the dark here so that's
exciting
Missy actually woke me up because she
was like the powers off and she didn't
think it'd be off before she left for
work so she had to like do her hair and
a dress and everything in pitch black
because it was dark outside too
I woke up and my legs are so sore you
guys I must have like ran up and down
that beach like half a dozen times and
it like hild me
Missy's text me to she says she's very
sore it's really way sore than I am and
then there was Lord dollars back on
that's cool
also it's pouring rain
I mean kidding look at this you guys I
don't know what that's I think that's
coming from a gutter
it's like gushing water all nasty out
there but it's got word that Missy is on
her way home I was like man happens okay
so I think I finished the video last
night that you guys are gonna see later
on the week and so we're having a little
viewing party with Missy and her family
and all the pets apparently too they all
want to see Jimmy are you sure that's a
good spot over there in the corner you
sure you don't wanna come closer all
right we're gonna watch it now
are you crying yeah like I'm Kyle and
I've seen it like a million times it's
usually the Riverside news you know
babies like you go Charlie OH
all right yo you playing with karmas oh
so everyone watched the video we shot
yesterday like three times it was just
so cool every time I watch it to like
it's just so great I can't wait to share
it with you guys but I wanted to give
you guys something something so I just
posted a picture on the bumps along the
way Facebook page if you're not uh if
you haven't liked it go and like it and
then you'll be one of the first to know
when the video is up but um here's the
post that I just put so yeah I know that
won't tide you guys over
I'm till Saturday but it's gonna be
amazing I'm I'm just so excited for
everyone to see it I just hope you guys
love it because put so much work into it
so also you guys probably picked up on
Missy's little antics yesterday with her
milkshake she always wants a milkshake
at jack-in-the-box
but I'm always like Missy you don't need
a milkshake you never drink it you never
drink it it's like you're just like
throwing away three bucks cuz you never
drink your milkshake I know you want one
but you're not gonna drink it um but
yesterday I saw while I ran into the
store she dumped half of it out was
gonna drink the other half so she would
fool me into thinking she drank the
whole thing but actually I remember
yesterday I threw it away and it was
half way full and I was thinking wow she
actually drank half of it check out what
I just made boom
I took some chicken fried it up with
some fluff sauce and then put some
spinach and artichoke cheese that my
aunt in Wisconsin actually sent me oh
that looks so good I'm just going to
throw it on bun that's gonna be my lunch
so
we are headed to the ultrasound place
again to confirm the gender that way we
can be a hundred percent when we
announce it on Saturday so I'm really
looking forward to really getting a an
answer like a real answer positive
confirmation yeah I don't want any
guessing yeah I think it'll I think
she'll be able to do it this time though
so the lady who actually owns this
business actually watched our daily
bumps and contacted me because she kind
of I think she kind of felt bad and
because I hadn't contacted her yet I
just wasn't sure if I needed the rescan
or you know I was just kind of going
back and forth
maybe I just wait for my next
appointment and she ended up just
contacting me and just letting me know
that I really should just come in to be
hundred percent so she was super super
sweet to do that
you're so cute today I had to get ready
in the dark so yeah how was that it was
okay
did I see here you asked him for a
flashlight yeah because as soon as I
walked in the bedroom to go um get
dressed and everything that's when the
lights went off and I was like no the
edge of your makeup and your hair all
with a flashlight
yeah my ice pick on my outfit in the
dark it was bad will you look cute we're
waiting for Missy's parents to get here
right behind ya right behind us oh there
i'm inflated I'm just a baller driver
what can I say
what can I say hey guys we just want the
ultrasound place and I'm not gonna tell
you guys anything
I'm not saying a single word nothing
again still doubted me but you guys will
know on Saturday yeah you guys will know
for sure almost like a couple days away
right here just relax
yeah don't worry you guys will know what
Saturday which was actually debatable
because he's caught my mom and I really
yeah you've got her stuck at the red
light probably knows she made it uh-huh
it was debatable whether or not we were
gonna be able to tell you guys even on
Saturday because I wasn't I was thinking
that I might just wait to my next
appointment what which wasn't gonna be
until the end of nope what do you do
your mom's telling me to go right no no
no she told me to go right okay go shake
Brian is not as totally lost Oh what
happened okay well my mom's behind us
because you cut it cut her off in the
first place just
we're clear and then she was making
movement to making hand movies with her
hands like talking to my dad saying how
this freeway like circles around and
Brian thought that she was telling him
to turn right and so he just got over
which made it have to get on the freeway
so how does a big ol eternalize here I
don't even know where I'm going okay
well we're not getting on the freeway
totally packed if you go that way eyes
so annoying so we have to go like we'd
to go down Yin
your mom's fault she needs to be clear
who she's talking to you even if she's
in the car behind us no it's my fault I
was vlogging because I couldn't like
control this control you as you drive no
it's my fault because I'm stupid and I
don't know how to get anywhere okay that
is kind of true he does not go with
directions at all he's very terrible
when it comes to where he's going oh my
gosh the videos that Brian made it is so
awesome like ridiculously awesome I
don't know how he does it
it's pretty cool I can brag about it
because I didn't do it I can brag about
it I know that it's awesome it's really
awesome
yeah I guess well now we're headed to a
store to find some different gender
items so that for the gender reveal
party we can have cool stuff shown cool
decorations and all that so so annoying
Instagram just mentioned me and now they
like after watching our vlog yesterday I
had to go and eat Parmesan noodles
and now I'm craving them too now ah you
guys this is the saddest thing ever look
at this helium shortage they don't even
fill balloons anymore because of it I
think I was reading like it was a year
or two ago they were like we actually
only have like a couple years of helium
left isn't that crazy
our kids will never know what balloons
with helium are that's gonna be like a
thing that was only in our generation
we're gonna be I what do you think
they're gonna come up with something
else to make the balloons like float so
saddest thing ever pour helium where
we're standing is no indication of the
actual gender there's blue right here
so which one we gonna get what side this
side on this side
oh we have to inside or this side that
is awesome do a little belly dance
I think that's cool it is a cool on me I
think they're cool do they actually work
though how do I look you think I look
like a dork
thanks I totally thought I lost you guys
I have not been able to find the camera
since we got home from Party City and uh
finally I was just like I need to find
the camera like it's about getting that
time where I start doing my end thing
and start editing and stuff and I could
not find it anywhere I wasn't in the car
it wasn't on the bed it wasn't in my
pockets it wasn't on the floor it wasn't
in the laundry it wasn't under the bed
it wasn't like on my desk or anything so
it was like gone and so we were digging
through couch his and we finally found
it all the way at the bottom of the
couch so that was nice a pretty good
thing that we found you guys cuz that
would've been really sad I don't know
what we would have done Missy what would
we have done that'd be crazy we'd lose
like everything we did that's insane we
need to make sure that we do not lose
this thing anymore lose you guys so I am
I've just been playing around a little
bit on my computer um
and Missy a and watched supernatural in
the tub and now she wants me to download
like what like 13 seasons or 13 episodes
she's obsessed with that show and she
has to get her supernatural fix on I did
have an idea
I was I brought it up to Missy and she's
kind of not all for it but she kind of
she okay so I kind of want to change the
name of the vlog the daily vlog just
because I think it's become a lot more
than just um the bump in like Missy's
bumps and like the belly and the baby
and all that it's kind of become a lot
more about our life and sort of like the
adventures that we have and the things
that we do and stuff like that and I
even made like a little intro to go
along with it but I just wanted to call
it something super simple like miss and
Brock because it's like missing me and
so I made like a little bit of like a
we'll intro for it so I'm gonna include
it right here so you guys can see it and
Missy wasn't totally receptive to the
idea but she thought if you guys check
it out see what you guys think about it
what you like about the name daily bums
and what you like about the name miss
and Bry and sort of get your opinion in
the comments tended to work there's a
game
do you think they drink it off like it's
starting the cookies go exactly saying
on 52 I've been craving chocolate my
idea is that the advance isn't just
about nice creamy bumps it's about
life's bumps yeah so bumps isn't about
pregnancy or about pregnant or about
that it's just about bumps in the road
of life we're not having any bumps life
is seen selling for us now no it's like
science
everyone has bombs everywhere that's our
this is our real life and we have
everyone has little bumps in the road
just like we lost your camera boom that
was a sad bump I really thought I lost
you guys I don't know I kind of like
missing Brian I think it's I think it
fits well I don't I think it fits a
little better
well I'm willing to change it if we if
people agree so yeah so we kind of want
we kind of want your opinion let us know
in the comments what you guys think
about missing bright and the intro that
I'm gonna insert so you guys can check
it out let us know let us know what you
like about daily bumps let us know what
you like about missing Bry let me know
what you liked about the intro so I even
include the intro now
yeah I'll include it on this one so they
can see it they probably already watch
it I might have cut it before I'm saying
now and play I'm pretty sure I already
cut it Oh II probably cut this part out
no probably not
it is cuz you said that now I'm keeping
this in the blog they get dark so yeah I
think that's it
let us know in the comments what you
think about my son Brian I'm really
curious really just want to name it
something that sticks
um and something let us know in the
comments please what do you guys think
that's all we got for now um but thank
you guys for watching and we will see
you tomorrow
cool down
some scary things are going here check
this out you guys John Lennon actually
wrote this okay
that's so cool
there's one from Paul McCartney
