it's really hard to look
keep your toes calm
good morning everyone so um today Brian
is off to work he is working a double
which I'm super super bummed by I just I
hate when he works those doubles it's
literally he's gone all day long and I
just miss him you know
so um today's gonna be probably a
cleaning day for me I'm gonna get the
room in order you know we go through
three loads of laundry a week I don't
know if that seems like a lot to you
guys um it's literally just the two of
us and of course that includes um you
know towels and all that but three loads
that seems like a lot you know it's rude
I think it's ridiculous and we should
not be having to go through three loads
just in a week but never I hope you guys
enjoyed the vlog yesterday it was a lot
of fun yesterday was a really fun day
and like Brian said we are still very
confused as to what the gender is we
just really aren't sure we kind of left
kind of thinking you know I just we just
I didn't feel confident in her answer
and after coming home and looking at the
pictures I was very confused after that
and so you know after really you know
really thinking I said you know I'm just
not 100% about the answer and obviously
I can't give you guys too many clues of
why I'm confused because otherwise
you'll know what the gender is don't
feel 100% and like Pia said I really
want to be sure before we start
announcing it and all of that I hope
that you know we're not being too mean
by by keeping it such a secret but in
either way no matter what the gender is
I'm going to be super excited and we are
excited for what the what they told us
the gender is I just want to be a
hundred percent Brian is terrible at
keeping secrets he will do anything to
try and help you figure it out without
him telling it like especially when it
comes to like movies he always likes to
not give the any but practically give
the ending before you watched it it's
hilarious and he does it all the time we
just if he watches something before
I just have to plug my ears and walk
away because he will just accidentally
let it slip this has been my life all
day laundry with of course breaks in the
middle to eat I've been eating so much
today all day long like every hour BAM
starving to death like literally
starving to death and I'm just like how
much more he yep
this has been my life laundry laundry
laundry and TV if you guys don't know I
love supernatural we meet my sister
started it a few months ago and we're
almost done with it so I'm like I've set
some that show you like your monkey come
here let me see the monkey he's so cute
he's not careful he'll just chew it to
pieces and pull out all the stuffing how
karma chameleon nope don't you can play
with it oh you I can throw it for you
just do not rip oh my gosh you've
already ripped him open you were such a
bad boy alright here we go you know I've
been getting a lot of questions lately
about our living arrangements I guess
you could say and so I'm going to kind
of help explain it so if you haven't
noticed yet we do live with my parents
we actually live in this room it's kind
of it's actually us it's like separate
kind of like it's connected to the house
but this is actually used to be the
garage so this is a huge garage kind of
thing and totally redone obviously it
looks like a totally normal kind of
apartment area we have a separate
entrance and all of that do we rent from
my parents and basically how it worked
is we and we lived in Idaho we had our
own place and everything but when we
decided we wanted to move to California
obviously living in California is so
expensive to be exact it's about three
times as expensive to live in California
than in Idaho including utilities and
all of that so when we were going to
move here we decided that we needed to
my parents needed help and we needed
help so we decided to come here and we
are renting a little room and obviously
actually my brother also rents the
little room and so we all just kind of
help
yeah I'll help each other out and it
works perfectly because I am obviously
super close we both are super close to
my family and we love it we love living
here we love you know just being
connected to the family and it's going
to be a nice little growing up area for
when the baby's here and stuff it'll be
of nice to have all that help and then
hopefully within a few years or so we'll
be able to actually leave and they'll be
able to do it by themselves and we'll be
able to do it by ourselves so yeah right
now this is just what works perfect for
us and we love it we absolutely love it
and we love our little like studio I
guess you could say oh man this is just
cuteness he's cuddling with his monkey
he didn't tear it up
oh boy you dug your monkey huh
stretching or something it feels like I
was stabbing me right here hmm badly so
I just got home from work and she said
she really want to go get her toenails
did why did you want to get your nails
done uh she just wants her feet to look
pretty in case we ever film anything in
the future that has her feet I'm sorry
I'm sorry I mean okay so you guys just
saying no I actually meant to cut out
that part that said we were gonna be
filming at the beach you kid they
already know they already know um I
actually meant to cut that out cuz I
didn't want to give too much away I
already know we're filming something at
the beach and I don't know what summer
you were wrong some you were right no no
yes none of you are right everyone was
wrong and we're gonna make mrs. toes
look Purdy and actually think I'm gonna
do my toes tail just have a massage em
and clean them and stuff guys give you
that right guys can do that right you're
not telling me that I can so that I look
like I might be anyway that's happening
bunch of little Asian ladies gonna be
messing with our feet the Sun is setting
right now and it looks so cool in our
front yard check it out
I love California so much I see is
finding her shoes babe
I'll put the clothes in the dryer I
didn't know we had to do that for we
laughs go into the water
no it won't get you wet
this is the water
which ones they gotta come from
Lissie what's the pattern oh there we go
I'm trapped yeah I definitely got what
so busy and I are getting pedicures she
needed one I'm not getting color just
for the record not getting email color
online they definitely should charge
extra for me a little bit the water
feels good though
and it's blue okay you're clearly posh
and say is that is that gonna burn no no
okay and that one ow
yeah now and this is to stop I don't
know
yeah you can bet a cup commit and you'll
pay so you want me come back yeah you
need it seems okay I have really bad
nails yeah you know Kay yeah
it's really hard to look
keep your toes calm don't tend to
relaxing you definitely shouldn't give
me the discount
I should be full price
when I told Jennifer the other stuff she
dug out of my toe it was like it was
like a big thing of like nastiness got
my massage going on not sure that's that
looks good this one I don't want to show
you this one I don't want to show you
this looks bad - yeah
oh she even just filming ah you're doing
great yeah me either
there's some nastiness going on down
there guys I really like this massage
thing like that's cool definitely a
whole lot of new experiences for feet a
boat ride do not yet not yet
so we just left the nail place and I'm
actually kind of glad I did it because
she cleaned out a ton of crap from my
nail I don't know if I got if I got a
video of showing her like clean it out
it was disgusting miss you saw it so not
it was like cool it was like long
overdue I guess you need to go I would
have we need to go back but we were
sitting there and she's like you have
children and we told her we were
pregnant and the lady was like oh it's a
boy you have a pointy belly like your
belly's pointy yeah so she thinks for
having a boy because Abed
oh and one of the ladies gave me a
cookie and Asian cookie to try and it
was not good kind of tastes like fish
well you know what it might be it might
be seaweed actually
it was not good that's all I know not
good but we are shopping at Walmart to
get stuff for beach day tomorrow and
Missy stopped in the baby section like
this yeah is it soft honest that you
totally Rock
you have to do anything I know I know I
know I don't know it's awesome
wow that's is cool
do you have a all that's missing is a
baby yeah we know there's a baby in here
so we're at the dollar store and they
got these dolls lying around
look at him is he fixing pull down the
dresses let's just come on
courtesy really wearing lingerie no I
didn't see through what the heck that's
it come on get it look at these knockoff
Barbies - they're really scary-looking
boom boom boom
so we're at the 99-cent store and we
found something that costs more than 99
cents milk
it looks like 99-cent milk to look good
looks like crap your pals in there solid
it for 319 what's the point of having 99
cents or if they sell in milk there's no
point
not good yeah make it look at this huge
avocado I can buy for 99 cents
but something smells funky over here you
mean in this whole store
dollar stores just smell this alright
guys so we just got home we did a bit of
shopping but we were just getting ready
for bed this he's finishing up laundry
thank you babe for doing laundry I love
you she knows I hate doing laundry and
she just does it cuz she's so amazing
but tomorrow's cool cuz we're going to
the beach and we haven't been in a long
time so that should be exciting
not sure what beach we're going to yet
anyways that's how I got so thank you
guys for watching and we will see you
tomorrow hey they're having a baby
I love you blows nose my other so that
was a little bit shocking I'm definitely
surprised that's all missing
the plane is is I'm
