I went crazy and my card is the best of
all it says a Valentine for my husband
and you open it up and it says love is a
golden gift cherished above all life's
treasures and it literally read my mind
you
happy actual Valentine's Day guys here's
like the balloon I got for Missy because
she's thinking cute you guys will see
him in Missy's new bump date which I've
been working all morning trying to
finish because I wanted to get up before
I go to work because I have to work all
day today and it sucks and Missy's at
work right now so I'm gonna try I'm
trying to finish it as fast as possible
and then eat something so I can go to
Missy's work and just like hang out with
her before I have to leave it really is
Valentine's Day and I don't really we
don't really need to do anything because
we kind of did that yesterday if you saw
yesterday's vlog but I still would like
to actually see my wife on Valentine's
Day I don't think that's too much to ask
huh I got mrs. bump date uploading right
now and I grabbed my work shirt and I
got all my work stuff and so I am
driving to Missy's work just cause I
want to see her and so I literally will
probably have time to give her a kiss
say I love you and then leave because
I'm cutting it really really close I
thought I worked a half hour later than
I actually do too so I lost a half hour
so that sucks and my gas tank says empty
so it's like all coming together right
now it's like the universe is trying to
keep us apart but I'm refusing to let it
okay so I told Missy to push play for
the last video on the camera that I'm
about to hand off to her which is this
video so Missy I just wanted to say I
love you happy Valentine's Day babe I'm
sorry that we can't really see a lot of
each other today you make me so happy
I can't wait to me our little miracle in
August thank you for everything you do
for me and I hope you have an awesome
day and I will see you tonight I'm
winking but you can't see it behind the
glasses up
I reckon Arnie yep I'm working hard
not hardly work never heard that one
before yeah I had to leave the house oh
well I had to finish your bump date and
so I have it uploading mm-hmm
so all you got to do when you get home
is just like clean it up and make it
live and stuff but I was like working to
do that because I'm going to come see
you and I have to work it too so Paul
you have to leave in like five minutes
yeah leave in five minutes yeah come we
want to see you but um oh also my car's
out of gas so that's fine uh uh what do
you mean like you're out of gas like no
like it's been on empty for a while hmm
you should probably go fill that up yeah
I probably should
why do you have salad in a cup well they
didn't have my salad how I usually get
it already me what why uh-huh I didn't
have it so you just got chicken mmm and
then I got like a bag of salt oh I see
it's not as good there's not actually
pretty good I really just came here to
say hi for five minutes and do this
mm-hmm okay
yeah and just I have five minutes so I'm
officially off work yay Brian dropped
the camera off for me and he told me to
watch that video and I did so
I love you very much - I do also want to
clear something up for everyone though I
in no way hate valentines day I actually
very much enjoy Valentine's Day but I
want to just clarify I just feel like
Valentine's Day can easily become too
cheesy and it should be romantic and I
think it should be about loving each
other and not spending meaning moneyless
money on meaningless things so that's
kind of you know what I try to do I when
it comes to Valentine's Day I want to
spend time together I want to I want to
I don't know it's just it I just want to
buy a teddy bear or you know but since
there's been so much talk about all of
this I think I'm going to go as cheesy
as possible this Valentine's Day
and so my mission right now since
Brian's at work all day
I'm gonna go and I'm gonna buy all the
cheesiest stuff you can get for
Valentine's Day and see if he likes it
just got back from the store and I went
pretty crazy with all the cheesy
Valentine's Day stuff so here's a little
thing so I actually made this real quick
I know if you can tell it basically it's
cut out hearts and I put them on string
and I'm going to hang them up to the
ceiling or maybe like the fan or
something and then I got these to maybe
hang on the wall or maybe hang up I
don't really know for sure what I'm
doing yet I got all kinds and cheesy
candies
oh I even got a puzzle this is a puzzle
I don't know what I'm gonna do yet if
I'm gonna put it together already I
don't know I just went kind of crazy I
guess um some cheesy chocolate um I
don't know if that's any good or not but
I mean I never eat it but maybe he'll
like it uh-huh I got him a little a
little teddy bear it's actually a monkey
and it's got a rose in there so I went
crazy and my card is the best of all it
says a Valentine for my husband and you
open it up and it says love is a golden
gift cherished above
of all life's treasures and it literally
read my mind just kidding ah I just
think cards are kind of cheesy I didn't
know though I purchased it and I was
like oh my gosh that's so cheesy but
then I didn't realize that it's like a
book and there's like a whole nother
paragraph to it
oh my god Karma's like I won in karma
come here hey oh I could actually open
the door himself that's actually pretty
cool
so yeah I got this pretty cheesy car
which he may just love cuz he's kind of
a cheesy guy himself so oh all right
karma no uh what are you mad at our coat
rack Belle's I'm gonna put that up what
are you looking for you're just looking
for a treat treat get what I mean
okay sit down
Wow oh my god you're such a spaz I'm
gonna transform this room into a
Valentine's Day room so here we go
all right we're currently in the process
we've got one hanging I think we need
someone taller though we're gonna hang
that too there we've got parked up above
our little chalkboard we got a mess on
the bed and we've got a puzzle that
we're working on them and put it right
here where his keyboard usually is okay
so here is the official room so y'all
guys stuff hanging up
these are twirling and over here he's
got all kinds of goodies candies
chocolate card teddy bear and this this
was a project I really I don't think I
knew what I was getting into when I
started it but I did it and so now it's
like his mousepad and it's a little
puzzle so I think I did good I think I
went pretty cheesy in the same way it
was very thoughtful I think I think the
he'll be I think he'll be super happy
it's just the waiting game when is he
gonna be off he's working a double it's
Valentine's Day and it's gonna be crazy
busy so who knows when he's gonna be off
he could be there till
9 or 10 and that's usually when I'm
crawling into bed I haven't really been
doing much all day after I got done
decorating my room I kind of just went
out and relaxed and watch TV and stuff
but it's 9:30 and he's still not off and
I'm like oh I just want to like go to
bed but I want to like surprise him and
like oh like all night I've been like
wanting to take a bath and I'm just so
worried I mean he could get off at any
minute so like at 8 o'clock I was like
hitting me off any minute I can't go
take a bath because if I'm in the bath
and he like tells me he's off me he'll
be home in 15 minutes after he tells me
he's off so oh my gosh I'm like so dying
because I want to like surprise him and
be awake while I'm surprising him but is
that my head hit that pillow I am going
to be asleep though I'm just kind of
sitting here like waiting and hoping he
gets home soon hoping even likes his
surprise they're actually not the real
ones they're just like having I don't
know if you can tell just like an indent
like it says real heart like a real love
or something I don't know they're kind
of the kind of um definitely a knockoff
don't not off and it's driving me crazy
right now hoping I had an awesome
Valentine's Day though ours was
obviously kind of different and we
celebrated it mostly yesterday but you
know and I really I don't you know my
thing is that me and Brian really we
spoil each other like all year round so
Valentine's Day is great but you know
every other day is just as great too but
everybody oh you know I know you guys
probably watched my bump date but I want
to show you my belly it is getting
seriously ridiculous okay like even I
like it spits out weird but like
sometimes I can't even like stop looking
at it so here it is and I don't even
know if it you can really tell how big
it is
but god it just feels so big and it's so
so tight and yeah it's just so different
I just like I finally feel like pregnant
like I feel I have a pregnant belly so
it's really fun I love being
pregnant I honestly love being pregnant
it's just I feel like it suits me well I
guess you could say I don't know I just
I really do enjoy pregnant although I
just I really do want to have a baby and
I would rather not be pregnant again for
a really long time give me a couple
years but um I'm really just enjoying my
pregnancy right now and I'm a I'm
interested in how this pregnancy is
going to go during the summer I hear
pregnancy during summer time is the
worst so I don't know if it's going to
be that bad or not but I'm actually
looking forward to it I'm looking
forward to cute clothes and I mean it's
Southern California and it is hot here
it is so hot here so I'm miserable when
I'm not pregnant
so I'm a little worried
hello hi I'm des hi my gosh what you
doing here
I made a Valentine's Day for you people
think I hate valentines day
so here oh my gosh busy I made those
does they seeking cutified of me yes yes
it does okay
what is all this I got you a stuffed
animal okay
a chocolate okay and sweethearts mm-hm
okay and more chocolate yep alright it's
this is all I care about
there better be money in here or gift
cards just tore my heart apart that's
that's how you open a card I'm sorry I'm
squeezing it in case the cash falls out
for ya I'm Valentine my love don't get
cherished above all life's treasures
there could be no gift greater than your
love when I think about all you do to
make our relationship I realize how
lucky I am to be sharing my life with
such a loving husband and no matter how
many times I say I love you I can never
say it enough because you mean the world
to me and you always will
happy Valentine's Day this card read my
mind whatever look I made a puzzle for
you are you dead wait so you took the
like the only fun part out of puzzle and
did it well I thought the dot you
wouldn't like to do it so I did it for
you and I made it a mousepad that's like
getting someone a book and then reading
you can telling you the ND you're so
silly you don't have to do all this I
decided to celebrate Valentine's Day the
card read your mind though yeah might
never say I felt you wrote all this down
and then you're like I need to find a
card yeah as all this exact I needed
something that was much prettier than my
writing and with some nice you know
fogger floral yeah so good night hos
awkward good night so tired
my dad missing so just got home I'm
gonna make myself some dinner cuz I'm
really hungry
it was just like crazy busy night if
you're a server then you know what
Valentine's Day is like it was nuts it's
like 11:30 just got home
barely Vanessa see Missy she's like
already fast asleep because she has to
be up in the morning so I'm just going
to eat and then head to bed some
well-needed
rest I did just get Missy's pump day up
cuz I didn't finish that that finish
that this morning so her bump dates up
so if you haven't seen a 14-week bump
date go and see it's really cool yeah so
we got so thank you guys for watching
and we will see you tomorrow bye okay so
you know how moving your apples got a
mission to kind of balance the salt
shaker on the table what you totally
just figure that out go on
oh my god like a man it's like standing
there on its own that's crazy
Wow and there's something you got to put
the salt anywhere else
