happy Valentine's Day no you can go
good morning guys so it is a beautiful
sunny day here in Southern California
it's about 9:00 a.m. I'm headed to work
to do some filming oh I just got done I
am so hungry it's about lunchtime a
really nice outside it's like super
super sunny super warm I feel like such
an idiot I did not know that farmers
markets were over here in this area and
I have no cash on me and that really
sucks because it looks like they have a
really cool bread place I bet Macy would
like that I'm gonna have to try and find
some cash maybe and come back down here
because I love farmer's markets and they
have really good food though Publishing
to eat any other food but I'm really in
the mood for Mexican food so the only
healthy place I really know to go to is
Baja Fresh so I'm gonna do that and then
grab some cash check out this burrito I
got is so good this is what I get every
single time I come here to Baja shrimp
burrito
showed up I had to throw away
the chips it was just too tempting and
when I was adding the burrito to my app
Reid was like 700 calories that's fine
but the chips all the whole mounted
chips they give you is 1,500 calories I
was like that's ridiculous
I had to throw them away soon as she
gave me just so I wasn't like tempted
but this breo's bomb love it
birdie there's a bird by flying around
here and he keeps eating chips should
probably let him know that's like a lot
of calories huh
so I'm sitting outside because it's such
a nice day out and these two other
people came to sit out here and they sat
down and they're like it's cold then
they went inside just goes to show like
how acclimated I am to this weather
because I came from what we used to live
in Idaho and it's like thirty degrees
right now and so 68 is like beautiful
and feel so good to like actually be
able to eat lunch outside in February so
can't do that in Idaho hi Lucy hi Scapa
why she is we just have a kitty named
Lucy oh yeah after Lucy in the sky from
the Beatles that lady was telling me
they rescued the dog from the freeway
someone threw the little dog Lucy that
you just saw out the window and so they
rescued her and they've had her since
she was so cute and I just I couldn't
resist not filming her for Missy to see
so I am in Bye Bye Baby because we want
to get Missy something for Valentine's
Day and she's always complaining that
she wants her presence to mean something
she doesn't want to get just chocolates
and flowers and stuff so checking
bye-bye baby see if there's anything
cool I can get and I will say the store
smells amazing it smells just like a
newborn baby there's so many cool things
here I cannot wait to shop with Missy
so cool they had the baby's name right
there Lucy that's so cool they have so
much cool stuff there but I ended up
getting something that you don't really
need to get there but um kind of just
gave me an idea
farmers markets closing down but I found
something so awesome that I've been
wanting to get Missy for the longest
time and I'm super stoked
I just got Lizzie the coolest balloon
sneak peek oh she's gonna think I'm such
a dork I got you some stuff
don't he I know but it's not technically
Valentine's Day so it doesn't count
no it's just cuz I love you look at the
balloon I got you why is it weird it's a
skunk but it's cuz you're stinking cute
yo hi welcome home cool shirt look it's
all Lacey um there are some other
presents you're supposed to buy these
what do you mean
were you allowed to buy these what do
you mean was I allowed to buy these
Missy it's not Valentine's Day so
technically I can get whatever I wait
this is hard because I love you so much
that I buy you things with hearts on
that there's a couple things in this bag
okay open it I'm so trying to been
putting this together for you all Betty
I'm soaking it in okay enjoying the
moment she hates surprises so much come
on present number one hey how did you
get one of these do you totally love it
yes and that cool where'd you get it the
farmers market I was just driving by and
I was like oh yeah farmers market is on
Wednesday I had no cash so I had to go
and get cash and then I didn't have
enough cash and so I Hackel the guy
crazy do you like it it smells very
organic and it's a it's a large so I
really wanted to get you the right nice
red one but it might shrink a little so
that's cool too love to lottery tickets
so cute see like it is super hard to
copy yeah but I got ya the profile don't
spare hard on the body okay yeah see I
love it I mean I got realizing know what
I'm like oh that's okay yeah so each of
these presents has a meaning every
single president means something
different this is to keep you warm
like our burning love for each other
these are to remind you that you are
always lucky
and you will always be my fortune and
then this is to remind you that we made
a miracle together these are good
presents you did good
I did good yes teddy bears
now Scott shows lottery tickets cuz I'd
really like some money to go out tonight
eight twenty four thirty we only have
one more chance for this one oh one more
okay yeah it's never the last one thirty
two nothing
wha-wha-wha
14 oh my god we got 14 oh my gosh you
have 14 yeah no he's gonna know it was
the last one okay oh my gosh okay now we
have to see what surprises oh my gosh
babe wait wait a minute we need to get
rid of this is a lot of money mm-hm
Missy what if this is a lot of money we
need to brace ourselves okay our lives
are about to change right now this is it
okay it's never the last one Missy
that's insane
okay are you sure let me see 14 for oh
my gosh we want another take it a ticket
we want to take it a ticket where to see
Taylor Swift yeah just another monopoly
ticket I mean back at me not the next
one's a winner
yeah you're still my fortune hey if it's
good it's like going to the beach jacket
that's so cool put on a hood yeah if
it's just a little bit that'll be okay
good hey I was so worried that it wasn't
gonna be the right size these are
nothing so yeah those not doing your
little bow okay so guess how much these
are at farmers markets
25 40 40 guess how much I got it for 25
2000 so Missy and I were watching
today's vlog the ultrasound vlog and by
the way my email is blowing up because
everyone loves it and everyone's like
commenting and liking and and tweeting
about it and that's so cool thank you
guys but Missy was reading some of the
comments that actually some other people
besides myself kind of think we know
what it is huh yeah I really want to
know what everyone thinks she's like
super like worked about it now she's
like well maybe I know I don't know do
you think you know I know after watching
like when I watched the vlog I saw like
when she was looking at the kidneys like
thought that I feel like I see it
through the legs and I thought I could
see something so go check out
yesterday's vlog see if you can tell
what the gender is I really want to know
hello I'm the older wait hmm she just
got her hair done it's all curly you
never wear it curly hey but I like it
when it's like pro like this now we got
to find somewhere to eat we want to do a
nice Valentine's Day dinner but Oh which
reminds me Missy I gave you a bunch of
presents and I didn't get anything what
so me and Brian had decided on
claim-jumper for dinner that's where
he's taking me and it took us a while to
actually make a decision because we
originally chose this little Italian
place that I thought was gonna be super
cute and like romantic but then when we
got there it was just like a little
family restaurant that like full of kids
and like bright vinyl booths yeah so it
totally wasn't what I was thinking so so
me and him actually never been to
claim-jumper so I'm really excited
kind of looking forward to it because
normally we just stick to the plain old
Outback yeah so sorry claim-jumper is
better look at this cake
holy moly
that's one slice
it's the biggest kick I've ever seen in
my life you have checkers to play while
we're waiting I've never played checkers
not once in my life no how do you play
so I can beat yourself one you can only
play like to the side like this okay
okay so let's just say you get me here
you can jump me like that oh and then I
steal it yeah and you still you want to
get all my pieces okay let's just say
whatever you can dummy quiet and let's
just say for instance bindable look at
it cuckoo all those pieces dollars
so I want to get rid of all your pieces
and if you're smart you can like jump
around happy Valentine's Day
no you can go this side I said stop
please
oh I can only go to the side yeah you
can only play off the background all
right hey
ah
he stacks a lot bigger than mine that's
a really big menu do you think there's
something on there that you might like
me Oh
since Missy and I are on opposite sides
of a table and there's no one to take
pictures of us we took pictures of each
other and then I put them together look
at
it's so funny it's like as we're the
same picture is it good yeah it's
basically a garlic mayo and Sonic pretty
good this is like one of the only green
foods you really like it is and it's
covered in Mayo and usually better cuz
he doesn't eat a lot of green stuff she
does love I got chicken fried steak okay
so you know how we were at all got a
missions trying to balance the salt
shaker on the table
well she totally just figured that out
Shaughnessy
oh my god like a man it's like standing
there on its own that's crazy Wow and
there's something you got to put the
salt on or else it doesn't work all
right guys we just got back from dinner
it was very very good but we just had to
finish filming Missy's bump date
basically did everything earlier but all
she's got to do now is sit in front of
the camera and just talking to her thing
tomorrow's Valentine's Day so it sucks
because I work before Missy gets off
work so what I'm literally never even
gonna see her tomorrow until I get off
work which is that night on Valentine's
Day so that really sucks don't know why
they gave the guy who has a pregnant
wife at home a double shift but they did
and so that was why we kind of
celebrated early today just because we
knew we weren't going to get that
opportunity tomorrow but anyway I just
wanted to say thank you guys for
watching I'm glad everyone loved
yesterday's vlog the ultrasound vlog if
you haven't seen it check it out it'll
be at the end of this video the little
box thing and you can click on it or
whatever oh we also got um a bunch of
tweets today with the hashtag daily
bumps that was really cool people are
like tweeting them watching the show and
stuff like that that's awesome so keep
doing that and I'll retweet you guys and
I'll say stuff back kind of trying to
get Missy more into the Twitter too all
she does is send her Instagram pictures
to Twitter and I told her that doesn't
count but baby steps I guess yeah that's
it for us thank you guys for watching
and we will see you tomorrow bye right
so measurement luck
normal for the ultrasound part buy stuff
if it's over food you'd be worried
yeah that's crazy
