yeah that she dropped it and then it
went poof aw crap early probably me did
I blow it out yeah oh yeah
good morning guys so I'm not done my
hair today so it's kind of crazy but we
are getting ready to go to the
ultrasound I'm so looking forward to it
I just checked the heart so that makes
me always feel a little bit that are
going into an ultrasound because we
always sometimes a little bit stressful
I'm so looking forward to I'm so excited
are you yes make sure you drink your
apple juice yeah I so I'm supposed to
doing 16 ounces of liquid and I've drink
8 ounces of water I'm gonna drink
another 8 ounces of apple juice that way
it helps the baby get all hyper and hard
dancing for us so I got to work on that
and I just took my last pee so hopefully
I won't be in too much torture once it
and once my bladder starts filling up
okay I know they don't know what my
belly button looks like but I swear it
looks different you think your belly
button looks different yeah like it just
looks different to me I mean I know what
you really looks like and it don't like
this thing down here like that whoa oh
oh my back okay it just looks different
right what is that weight like that
little yeah pull like like started I
think it's just to like pop out but
obviously it's not out but like it's
starting to push its way cuz that's
different right yeah it let's see it now
I'm different I'm pregnant I got to
drink the rest of my morning shake but
peanut butter in it this morning so by
the way I stayed up way too late last
night but one of the pluses about
staying up too late is I found some new
music and you guys probably already know
but Justin Timberlake's coming back
which is kind of cool cause I kind of
like his music I did like his new song
suit and tie at all I don't know why it
was different but his other new song
mears it's actually really cool
Green Party and then you can speak with
our doctor that's your doctor - Minh and
he can kind of fill you in on what it's
about and if I'm here to sign me right
here at the lower leg once I don't want
to cross over underneath and you said
baby is head down so heads then you're
kind of up you
can you tell that I have a bicornuate
uterus so this is a long view of the
uterus here this is the cord attaching
to the placenta along the back this is
the area of your cervix down here when I
go on a cross-section if we come right
about here you can actually see this
area right here that's the other area of
that another sort of kind of becomes
non-existent
well it's there if you have I cornea
uterus there's two basically two canals
that go up to the uterus so you have
like you know if you can imagine two
balloons push together that's kind of
how your uterus is um but it kind of is
deflated more deflated then right
because it doesn't have any Mir fluid in
that other side so it's just collapsed
it's just like your uterus would
normally be on that side but then the
other side has the amniotic sac in it so
it stretches it out so that's why we can
see the difference but yeah the
pregnancy is on the left side and then
this horn over here on the right side
it's just it's just there I'm wondering
like I mean any any woman who has any
creature so yeah a preterm labor and
stuff like Josh when I said I'm only
using half my uterus right bladder is
fluid filled which is this little black
circle right here home and that tells us
that the kidneys are starting to the
function and produce some areas so just
little things that we try to get
information about before we go
evaluate them in the signage for this
arms are again
so you can get that measurement on the
neck
you take a wild guess
girl boy ya gonna guess that early it's
definitely a little girls know just talk
do you have a feeling you know I better
information well my last pregnancies I
seriously thought the opposite and wrong
so this time I go family again Melanie
touches a little nasal bone in the nose
little profile there so does it it many
there like a certain amount right right
so and measurement less than three
millimeters is what you want yeah that
would be normal for the ultrasound part
by itself um if it's over three we do
worry about chromosomal via issues
what was it it was one or two point one
I think was too large all these pictures
we got yeah that's crazy
I was really cool when she was showing
the fluid in the sack I'm pretty sure he
saw what it was oh you did yep I did you
it's just wishful thinking or lovely on
your part you don't think you saw what
it was
babies 14 weeks you can tell why I know
what it is no you don't get to do and it
went under the whole just commish
um I'm on the floor and I don't see it
where did it go like fell into oblivion
it's literally gone to see how you make
me get off this bed to go get out so
patty yeah that she dropped it and then
it went poof oh crap early probably me
did I blow it out oh oh yeah
do you kill is that yeah that's the best
one wow that one knows yeah we got like
a dozen pictures so it even have the
heart rate on there I see my 55 little
baby in there
Oh a big baby it look at this this is
cool it actually has the songs 139 I
will praise you for fearfully on it they
made and look at you went through all
these week one all the way down to week
12 and then week 13 17 starts your
second trimester so second trimester
starts at 13 weeks and then way it says
the baby's fingerprints and sense of
touch have developed eyebrows and
eyelashes appears fingernails toenails
form Davies taste buds are also
developed with a little hammer 813 is 17
weeks is any chance no 13 to 26 so cool
that hand like the detail anything you
can trim sometimes go to the other side
pretty sure let's see if we can see kind
of see if nothing sloping over here yeah
we finally got a good picture so we put
it in the frame that one of Missy's
viewers sent us and it's cool because
you can record the heartbeat but we were
never able to find it so this is what we
have
we're trying to find it we late we had
found it for like three seconds and that
is great right when I start recording
that is so cool it's like a really good
profile little nose in the mouth and
chin and brain yeah lovely little brain
that'll be that'll be hidden this is
really sad right now I had to get her
some food before she went to work and
the first plate of wings they bring they
were cold and then they just dropped out
the second ones and they were cold and
so we had to take him back now she's
like sad it's like bad news bears all
over again
ridiculous thing you're gonna be really
late for work so you might as well just
hang out with me
is all powder my master plan
just eat your bread my lunch yeah look
at that beautiful bread all in my ham
good okay so I am headed back to work
well Brian's gonna take me back to work
and I'll finally be there a couple hours
but I can't believe how amazing that
ultrasound when she was just our tech
was just so nice to like she walked us
through everything she told us like we
checked this and what yeah I'm sure you
guys all saw it
but I can't believe with the amazing
pictures I got from that actually I'll
show you it's on my screen now that's
our baby this is so cute so that baby's
actually measuring a couple days ahead
which is surprising because normally the
baby measures a little bit behind so the
baby's gone through quite a growth spurt
which would explain some of the probably
growing pains I've been feeling those
are also two very different motor sounds
though
yeah that's true this one was very very
really really expensive and nice
ultrasound and obviously my doctors is
not a very good one so I just dropped
this off at work but now we are trying
to follow this story that's going on in
Big Bear for the manhunt and it's like
consuming our lives right now
hey comfy now is it hot this is back
hurting her so she had before that you
had pain like a possibly round ligament
pain this has been like the past four
hours right now yeah we've been watching
the news
what are you doing alright guys so
that's it for us I just did a little bit
of cleaning um but man what an awesome
day it was to get to see our baby that
was just so cool I'm just so stoked for
finding out what we're having just a
really really cool day so that was
really cool um that was pretty much the
majority of this blog because pretty
much all day we sat in front of the TV
and watch the news because it was kind
of like a big news day here in Southern
California if you guys were following
the whole story or anything let me know
in the comments that'd be interesting
but tomorrow's a big day so um just
finishing up some cleaning around the
room and I'm gonna head to bed so thank
you guys for watching and we will see
you tomorrow bye I get up throw up
please don't throw up here please don't
throw up there
whoever's idea that was to put an olive
car in the milk at the grocery store
they made you way too much butter you go
