guffy no it's the olive bar
she keep you got even walking over here
Missy come on it's not that bad are you
gonna throw up
please don't throw up here please don't
throw up here
what up guys something happened to my
hand last night I'm not sure it's like
old green and and big and soft and I
think I might've got bit by a spider or
something there's no web coming out of
the wrists so I don't know about that
one but so I've got a few things to do
today I am gonna go film for my other
job and then I think I need to go buy
the Apple Store cuz I'm having a trouble
with my hard drives I have two external
hard drives that I use for video and I
had everything on one and then I had to
separate my business stuff from my
personal stuff and it got kind of like
all messed up and Final Cut crashed and
like all my media got messed up so I
have to go to Apple and see if they can
fix it and transfer it all separately
because that is just so annoying so I
just got to the grocery store because I
need to make a deposit and there's some
Girl Scout cookies out there right in
front this is not good for me it's not
good for my diet I need to take the
other entrance take the other entrance
Brian took the other entrance resister
cloakers maybe just like one box of Thin
Mints won't hurt right oh my gosh you
guys oh my gosh I didn't win anything
she's in music to calm her down
oh she heard me hi I really I don't know
what this is it Fred gave me an idea
that I'm Akay yeah the card enjoy and
thanks again for your inspiration and
sunflowers okay they're crazy so is her
name Pippa yeah so this is like her art
art by Peppa Peppa
and she makes art and so here's the
first one is e an elephant oh so cute
taken that is cute yeah six months is a
duck one also six months and then Oh dog
bin haha you're cute
this is a sucker for anything with dogs
okay so squirrels yeah and another duck
cool lucky duck
lucky duck and friends so it's so cute
this is the lucky duck and these are its
friends this is a really cool done very
nicely
what a cool idea to like put them on
close to yeah you see we're cute
Thank You Peppa hi camera thank you did
you see what we're watching yesterday's
vlogging the Karma her will say his name
before they call we just left
Walgreens
and I just switched my prescriptions
over to Walgreens pharmacy because I
you'd normally do it at Walmart and it's
super cool because they give you $25 for
every prescription that you transfer
over so I just transferred over my
prenatal on my progesterone and I got 50
bucks for doing that so that's pretty
cool mom yeah and the the prenatal was
five instead of fifty - yeah I guess
Walmart was charging me a really like
fifty dollars because they were giving
me the name-brand which is state citroen
Adel but Walgreens just went ahead and
gave me the generic brand so I'm a
little iffy about that - I need I need
to figure out if the generic brand is
the same as citroen Adel I'm probably
gonna do my my test with it just to see
if it actually works and I am worried
about the smell
I'll to look at it but the city needle
is very sweet-smelling and I just don't
know about this one so we'll see how and
how but hopefully it all works out and
that's pretty cool though because it's
not 50 bucks for Walgreens but we can't
buy presents for each other for
Valentine's Day so no we're not buying
cases on that yeah we're not doing
presents for Valentine's Day it's just I
just don't see the point I say I think
we should do something special for each
other and spend time together not buy
stupid presents that mean nothing you
think of my presents - you mean nothing
okay if it's a teddy I like what am I
gonna do with a teddy bear because I can
give it to an automatic yeah like it's
just it just doesn't make any sense like
I don't like meaningless things I like
things that mean something so thoughtful
things I like doing stuff together
spending time together I think that's
what counts
I rarely just go out and buy you a
present I usually have really good
presents no one but like Valentine's Day
that's the kind of presents that you get
Valentine's Day is a day where you
literally buy like a bunch of knockoff
cheap Oh chocolate that I'll never eat
and
and teddy bears I don't believe in
buying gifts from mountain so I'm headed
to my favorite store the Apple Store and
Missy had to drop me off because my
appointment was for at 5:30 and we got
held up at Walgreens so I jumped out of
the car and she's gonna go park but when
I see if they can fix my hard drives
because pain in the butt right now
hopefully they can fix um
so far no help my problem is too
complicated I think she was sitting next
to me and I was talking to the guy and
she's like you're too smart he should be
the one behind think I have enough
dealing with my own problems and I deal
with other people
yeah I guess yeah look at this beauty
right here look at it look at it
like a honey
this thing is sick
I have a stupid fat one gone I like my
super fat one it's okay did you
understand a word he said yes I could
not he kept talking about like time
machine I'm like what I think we doesn't
go back in time you can go back in time
on your Mac look at this it's my eyes
yeah I love their ones better
I need a pole to put mine on I know that
is cool it says many hey are we going
back to the car um I don't know where
the car is definitely going our own way
really hot where did you park my Apple
Store yeah Oh is Amit your dork I'm
really frustrated I can I help me ha
they want me to lug my 27 inch iMac it's
like 15 pounds and it's like very like
I'm like so anal about it like I don't
want it to touch the outside air we just
made a bad decision and Missy just made
two bad decisions cookies before we even
start we went to we went grocery
shopping and we both have an eating
dinner and Missy's hungry
so be sure we're gonna spend like a
million dollars here on dinner go Thomas
should we go down the snack aisle my
secret really no I really do forget that
you're on a diet I got cookies you
brought cookies I know I got my cookies
diet there's sad cookies
stuffy no it's the olive bar
she keep you got even walked over here
Missy come on it's not that bad are you
gonna throw up
please don't throw up here please don't
throw up here
whoever's idea that was to put an olive
bar in the middle like a roast Reese or
they paid you way too much how do you go
okay good
let's do look really good all of this
looks good I want all of this I never
thought I'd say this but I really think
I need to get maracle wet
that's disgusting it really is but you
know what I better remind me of my
grandma that's all she ever had so I had
to eat it there's also this olive oil
what is mere fluid out of its ass wait a
minute
the male with olive oil is is better
than the Miracle Whip so like you mean
like different calories yeah it's better
for you
it has half the fat and calories of
regular money so oh yeah I get my boy oh
so what's he doing you're gonna get in a
fight with you oh hogs
full Cubs Hong Kong yep
you got hold hand alright guys so that
is it for us I'm gonna veg out on some
Sims three and Missy's gonna watch a
movie and we're just gonna go to sleep
tomorrow is our ultrasound this is a big
ultrasound because they're going to be
looking in depth at Missy's bye corner
at uterus and the baby is now I think 13
weeks and four days so that'll be really
really cool have some good stuff to show
you guys just be thinking about us that
everything goes smoothly ultrasounds are
always kind of they put us a little bit
on edge but I'm not really worried about
a whole lot I'm really really excited to
see the baby and in more detail because
every time we go to this other guy's
office the ultrasound machine just sucks
and I never see anything and we've seen
amazing pictures inside 10 weeks well 13
weeks is gonna be really really cool so
we're good to see that so look forward
to that for tomorrow's vlog but I just
want to say thank you guys for watching
and we will see you tomorrow bye Missy
copy
I was wearing stripes first
Alex you left
we always find yourself wearing
