see copy I was wearing stripes first
allocute in this
hey everyone
alright well brian is off to work as
usual he always works Sunday mornings
and so this is my time to hang out with
my family and do stuff and run errands
so that's what we're doing right now and
I'm starving
so I think I might have convinced him to
take me to Outback Brian's going to kill
me but I really wanted Outback and
that's the only thing that sounded good
all right just left
Outback it was absolutely delicious they
only gave me one piece of bread though
so of course essentially they only get
one dollar tim
but the service really wasn't that great
my state definitely was overcooked I
hate I don't know maybe I'm kinky now a
server since Friday's a server so I kind
of know how it's supposed to go so I've
gotten worse over the years done with
lunch now off to more eggs hey guys so
I'm just here at my friend's house
hanging out just love her Sinkin every
step oh wait
I'm actually home depot haha so as most
of you know um the baby doesn't
technically have a room they're gonna
have a the corner actually it's where I
do my bump date and I'm at Home Depot
right now and I really want to set aside
their their corner like paint their
corner and then have like the carpet
that's different kind of so I'm looking
at this right now let me know what you
guys think of this I think this is
really nice
and really soft might be a little too
small but something like this I'm
thinking for like the carpet like kind
of just separate their corner from our
side of the the room so let me know what
you guys think of that idea there's some
other types in here this one's kind of
nice oh and actually I like this one too
we're trying to figure out if this rug
is actually 5 foot it doesn't look like
it looks much bigger than 5 foot so we
used my sister to decide if it is 5 foot
and it actually is it's 5 foot 2 inches
actually seven oh she's only four seven
with me oh you're 40 well it did seem a
little like it did come up a few inches
so
this is only 5 feet by 7 feet I think it
might be too small for the baby's
section but you guys should definitely
check out my book my dad's vlogging
channel this is what he does the thing
is so big oh my gosh you literally have
to put a like a VHS in it right mm-hmm
full-sized VHS oh my gosh oh my gosh I
think is so big so we just left savers
with my family and I totally got Brian a
surprise and I'm not going to tell you
guys until I show him so I'm really
excited it's really cool I just had to
do it again I got my 50 ice cream from
ride a don't have one in your state you
definitely check it out it's like the
best ice cream
mint chocolate chip and chocolate chip
cookie dough and chocolate mines of
course chocolate as usual - that's
pretty much all it like hey guys so I
just got off work oh hi karma hi that's
usually what happens when I get home
from work coming is all over me Hong
Kong oh boy
oh oh oh and I was starving I just ate
this whole flame broiler bowl with
chicken and it was really good I got you
something today you got me a present
me yeah that's so cool
did you see one of our subscribers
commented saying that cats know when
you're pregnant that's why they crawl up
on you oh really
yeah cuz I was just sitting here with
Missy and Claire literally just hopped
up and camped out right on Missy which
is weird because if he hops up he
normally makes the rounds to everyone
that's on the couch to go sit with
everyone but you just stuck with Missy
little clearance claim here Carmen do
you know I'm pregnant okay
you got me something from where I'm not
gonna tell you where okay so apparently
Missy got me a present
and she's going to get it is this
something I've been wanting yeah are
they green okay okay so first of all I
got them from savers what did you get
from savers what is that
hang on Missy oh my gosh those are way
cooler you'll see you die but are you
having yeah
oh my gosh they're kind of small but I
thought why not just come like this is
way better though
yeah than the fun one yeah there's my
shears
this is so cool I've been wanting Hulk
hands Oh
you likey karma huh okay okay
he wants a terrible I've never seen him
like this like the flush ones you know
oh that's so cool babe Thanks
come on just get it go get it karma
keeps playing with this hair band and I
flung it across the room and it landed
right next to Lilly who he does not like
really karma get Oh Oh
you lose Karma give it to mom good so we
are headed to church there's a new
service that's started and it's geared
toward our age group so I'm actually
pretty eager to go check it out I am
currently not gaining weight which I
talk about this on my bumps along the
way Paige and of course I'm pregnant so
I kind of want to gain weight and I know
it's not something I should worry about
and I really try not to but I decided
that I wanted to start tracking how many
calories I actually am in taking because
maybe it's just possible that I'm not in
taking enough calories and I'm just
losing weight I mean I'm actually down a
couple pounds and from my original
starting weight I decided to download
the app actually Bryan uses the lose it
app so I'm using that now
if they don't actually have a way to
like say I want to gain it I don't want
to lose it I want to gain it um but I'm
tracking that right now and I mean
currently today I've I've obviously
exceeded the calories that it wants me
to eat if I were to maintain my way I've
actually eaten 200 more calories than I
should have
which is fine obviously and I still have
dinner so I'm gonna try and track this
for like at least a week and maybe even
take it to my doctor and be like does
this gonna look good do these calories
look good maybe what I'm eating also is
bad calories hopefully we'll be able to
get an idea of what I'm eating and the
kind of calories I'm actually intake let
me know if you have like an app that
helps you gain weight and it's just
money because I'm trying to lose weight
and you're trying to gain weight yeah so
we just got out of church and Missy has
a hankering for some pasta so we are
going to Olive Garden and we were
pulling in and they're like these three
like teenager kids like dancing or
something and she's like what are these
goofballs doing it's what my dad always
says goofballs like she's 80 years old
good falls we are still goofball aged
just so you know
you see copy I was weighing shots first
allocute in this we always find
ourselves wearing shirts
are you trying to get the balance yeah
looks like really thick salt
so I'm eating chicken and no ki-suh oh
my god is so good I wish that I could
make this happen because it's so good
it's definitely consume I like a lot of
my calories for the day so is he got
salad and she's happy because she got
all the crap taken out of her salad I
don't know crap here it's like it's like
normal I never thought about custom
ordering the South garden cuz we get
like all that like the peppers and then
not Houston isn't it it's normally you'd
pick out but if you can order without it
this he's trying to eat as many calories
as she can and so she put her whole meal
in and actually how much she's gonna eat
like half for her meal and this is
watching that yeah if I only asked my
meal and everything I am over 2,000
calories I mean if I don't gain weight I
don't know what what I can do what will
make me Gateway and it's not like she's
exercising you guys see her she sits on
the couch and watch TV
well I mean come on but you're pregnant
you're allowed to do that
not after cadence is already fall yeah
she's like four breadsticks deep right
now I got chicken parmesan look at it
hmm
and I already split it up so this is my
dinner and then that's my lunch tomorrow
thank you shower and do wash my face
take my pills I need fresh turkey thank
you too oh my gosh you know what I have
to do to get ready for bed crawling back
I haven't even listed everything either
are you a guy you could just call it a
bed sometimes I wish I could just crawl
in the bed so what's your what's your
regimen wash my face brush my teeth take
all my pills get my water get my contact
case get my own before oh yeah I get
more whoa yeah I always have to eat
again before bed yeah I always drink
like a ton of water at night too so I
constant getting up and then I'm
constantly going to the bathroom so
there's a lot of bathroom breaks in the
middle of that all right guys so I'm
gonna wrap up the vlog we are home and
really late we did not really tell lady
where but all of garden took forever to
seed us and then it took forever for
someone just to come to our table and it
seems like we were there for like way
too long so it's late and Missy's got to
work early so she's getting ready for
bed tomorrow it's gonna be a busy day I
think if I want it to be a busy day I
got to decide if I need to take a day
off because just seems like all my days
are like constantly like packed so see
if I can get some stuff done tomorrow um
I did want to say someone sent out an
Instagram of our daily bumps channel
which was really cool but I did want to
say if you guys are if you guys ever
Instagram or tweet something about the
vlogs or us in general
hashtag daily bumps and I'll probably
put something like in this video or
something to show you guys and then if
you guys hashtag daily bumps I can
retweet it and I can like see what you
guys are saying about the vlog and like
real-time I think that would just be
really really cool so I'm gonna we're
gonna start using the hashtag daily
bumps just to make it a little bit more
just to group all those things together
so that'll be really cool so if you guys
do watch the show and you do tweet then
daily bumps so I know that you're doing
and that would be really cool everyone
seemed to love yesterday's vlog with
Missy getting her eyebrows started it
was so funny I've seen it probably ten
times myself that was so funny to watch
so if you haven't seen it go check out
yesterday's vlog and see my wife
tortured as they're threading her
eyebrows it's just so hilarious oh there
is also two more days for Missy's
giveaway on her channel the bumps along
the way so if you haven't entered that
go over and do that I'll put the link
below it's super easy to enter the odds
are pretty good now she's giving away
five headbands so they're really cool
for girls or little girls so that's all
we got you guys I hope you guys have a
great day and thank you for watching and
we will see you tomorrow bye seriously
that again
buddy worse than watching now usually
the same thing but waxing it like a
million times
I got to tell you it was so cool to
watch here she was like she like put
that thread in there and then like what
