No karma go with the nice man okay Rios
we got chicks
hey guys so I am working on a project
for work and look who I have with me
baby um kind of just got her dropped in
my lap well I was working she keeps
looking around I caught her to fall
asleep I didn't put on Beyonce
not really not gonna get all right what
up guys so um I think this is like our
eighth or ninth daily vlog that is
really cool
tell me what you guys think of how it's
going but I really enjoy it and I was
gonna say I really actually enjoyed
going back and watching our own vlogs
even though it was only eight days ago
like I love watching like what Missy now
we're doing so I think that'll be really
really cool um you know as time goes by
even more to see you know what were we
doing on this day euro I think that'll
be so cool to say so we are on day two
of doggie torture karma is getting his
haircuts
I'm a comedian he's gonna be a
completely different dog it's so weird
we'll do it before and after so you guys
can see just how different he is but
it's so much easier to maintain we don't
the vacuum as much he is just like
brand-new just get our mouse is coming
excited when hear hear good so Missy
forgot the paper that has his rabies
shot information on it that we did
yesterday so she ran in to go see if we
could drop it off later cuz we don't
want to miss our appointment
I don't want to miss your hair
appointment homeboy he's like freaking
out because all these dogs keep going in
and out of Petsmart Australian Shepherd
um yeah definitely seriously maybe
having a hard place cuz I would die I
wasn't that smart well the funny thing
is is that yesterday Brian made an
appointment for the vaccines we thought
it was at Petsmart it was actually at
Petco so now today I was all like well I
did it right because I went to bed smart
and so I thought I made a point with
Petsmart but actually I just got back
from Petsmart I didn't make an appoint
them I went to call Petco to make an
appointment and I already had an appoint
them it's really not our fault because
it's stupid that they have such similar
names right yeah I mean they can't think
of anything different then to start with
Pat yeah I know all that matters we're
getting your hair cut still you're not
off the hook
yes it's getting done isn't he's like oh
no this place again yeah and I was kind
of like oh all those dogs could really
stress him out yeah yeah in that way are
we gonna she has no idea where she's
going today come on sit thank people
would really take care so this is before
then she leaves it in the car I'm
telling you guys this is a story of my
life and pregnancy has only made it
worse no karma go with the nice man we
got chicks so we are going to the flame
broiler because I mean all day and I'm a
little grumpy and I'm probably pissing
Missy off huh yeah it smells so good out
here though I hope miss you can find
something to eat too okay so I don't
know whether to use this flimsy stupid
board or these cheap chopsticks this is
the first try an Angus beef sit at these
six nine ten cutters that whole bowl
including the right mmm okay cool
I mean he's really good that was really
good but Missy couldn't find anything to
eat there so now I gotta find her baby
would calm okay we are headed into fresh
and easy now I've never been in this
store but I just want to grab a couple
of snacks and maybe a couple ways that I
can eat my hummus better because all
I've been using is pita chips and
tortillas don't you just feel like a
better person when you walk into a store
like this what I just feel like like
I want to try and find veggie chips
they're probably down the side I think
so I don't know oh this is like
something and even rossabi pea puffs oh
look at those I would never eat those so
I'm guessing this is where the easy and
fresh and easy comes they like all these
meals that are like ready to go like
look it you see California nachos and
like shepherd's pie turkey mac and
cheese
sliders yeah so we're just not leaving
fresh and easy what a weird store like
there was no checkers you just scan
everything yourself and then someone
comes and bags it and all those meals
they had that you can make a really cool
- yeah that's very fresh though to me I
expected them to have more like produce
it's almost time to pick up karma tells
time for me eat all right we're going to
pick up karma and I'm really excited to
see him I hope he looks good said he's
not too mad at me
so I read the news today that Fall Out
Boy after what is it six years not six
years howling its Alice that's a release
a new single and their new albums coming
out and I just wanna say we used to be
huge Fall Out Boy fans and we were like
little scenesters and we'd go to their
shows and jump up and down and stuff
under bed so so you never saw foul boy
no did you yeah I'm not sure I took you
know either so I would freak out if I
did what's been my other girlfriend we
love me we're going back to Petco to get
a brand new doggy it's all good actually
Missy this is a dog Bay it's not for
humans
I mean I dare do something Missy I dare
to eat one of those or I could just eat
it
whoa a doggy lollipop you probably just
chew on the side oh the stick is a thing
- that's pretty cool
Oh a waffle yeah so we got his ears
cleaned we got his teeth cleaned they
trimmed his nails they shampooed and
conditioned him they really pampered him
so look at the kiddies hi Katie
yeah hey you he's so excited to see us I
got my ears are here take picture of him
and bring a picture in with your name
and his name your phone number on it
give it to any of the so shit's in here
but put it on the board we're having a
phone photo contest okay hi if you have
other dogs at home you can put them all
together
hey come on boy here's his little big
bag gets a little caller charm Oh oh
yeah that's really smells being so soft
what's on him is there powder on him no
it oh that's waistcoat is hi he
does really good on the table except
he's very very like something here some
over here he uh yeah you gotta check it
out yeah she's not really the same
student table yeah because you know that
one will move yeah yeah but I see that
he was good yeah that he's really good
he'll I took about that much off of this
Tim over girl who actually saved it
Marengo sale - OH oh really
oh dang what like three inches it's
still me that's like three inches that I
don't have to vacuum up now three inches
here you got a pick up off the carpet
boy uh-huh
so happy to see you thank you welcome
we'll see you guys next time
okay so we got a new doggy today okay
hooker uh no fresh and clean he smells
so good Missy and he's like super soft
you think he looks weird karma I don't
think you look weird I think I look cute
nah Karma I think you did it smell like
gave me death in this blanket okay so we
just got done shooting my apart for the
v-neck video and look at all of these
shirts I just went through there I think
there's like 15 different v-necks and
they're all the same shirt they're just
like different colors and look I even
have more v-necks one two three
I even had I even up for more that we
didn't use in the video I check out
these mini sliders that I got I'm fresh
and easy
I cooked one up look at this little
cheeseburger you think me a cheeseburger
I'm gonna try it
I'm not really a fan of the White Castle
cheeseburger so hopefully this one's
good let's see mmm
actually Willie good what is this a Best
in Show I'm a chameleon best in show
karma you are not a puppy you are a
full-grown duck so I am making my own
ass T boom if you guys are curious if
you're on a diet
I drink iced tea it's zero calorie and
it's especially zero calorie if you like
sweet tea it's pretty hard to drink tea
when it's unsweetened but use stevia
don't use Splenda I actually just
learned that Splenda is actually not
zero calorie and it's not natural stevia
is all-natural it's really zero calorie
it's actually made from like plants
instead of chemicals so it's a lot
better for you - and I love it in sweet
tea okay so in yesterday's vlog we
showed that we got karma some snacks
because he had to get his rabies shot we
felt really bad for him and we showed
that we got these little cookie things
and one of our subscribers commented and
said that someone gave them these and
they actually thought they were real
cookies and Missy even mentioned she was
like I would totally eat something like
this because she's obsessed with
chocolate-chip cookies and they have
carob chips and um and I know though
it's a little bitter like the chocolates
a little bitter but I want to try them
so I'm gonna try them for you guys hey
what did I smell like it smells like our
talkative cooking engine good doesn't it
smells really good and like sweet I eat
a long monologue yeah I'm gonna take
this mic so it's got all that carob
chips on that are you ready mm-hmm I'm
the big bite
there's a little scale it was like not
really crispy I could but sweet and the
characters are actually pretty good my
god you're eating more thoughtfully eat
these they're fully gone thing I feel
really good that we fed these to karma
icon because they're really good I mean
they're like a sweetened you know it
almost it's like um like a sugar cookie
you want IV no I do not want to try
piece Brian is always like weird stuff
and now I can just say well you like dog
cookies so I wonder how many calories
that was though mmm I think my little
app has a dog cookie no that's gross I
really just ate the entire thing it's
good it was good
don't eat another one I'm drinking my
homemade iced tea by the way and it's
really good it's not too flare I was
afraid I was in me too strong but it's
not yeah all right so I'm gonna wrap up
the vlog anyway I just finished the
video Brian for Bryan Lanning TV it's
still Monday so technically it's not
late but I'm just about to upload it so
check it out the link will definitely be
in the description so like and comment
and share it with everybody it's
basically about my obsession with
v-necks which is kind of ironic because
I'm wearing the only shirt that isn't a
v-neck right now so um go check it out
it's super funny Missy is really funny
in it and if wait until the end and you
can hear like a little outtake thing
that Missy definitely wanted me to
include so check it out you guys thank
you for watching and we will see you
tomorrow bye Oh
miss you have to take the stairs are you
gonna be okay I don't know if she's
gonna be okay
she actually has any part she has even
though there's open spots in the parking
job she has me go all the way around so
we parked by the elevators so she can
take me out paper towel no you look it
look it like total like
