okay I'm gonna get sick okay sorry
though
good morning it's 8:30 in the morning
and I am ridiculously tired like oh my
gosh Missy had such an attitude this
morning she was like starving so I got
some food in her I think that helped a
little bit but I had to run and grab her
some change for this garage sale that
we're doing she told me if we sell
everything
we'll make 120 dollars and if we do that
then everyone gets to go to Red Lobster
so I don't know how she's gonna feed six
people i Red Lobster for $120 but that's
the way her brain works
18 plus 30 48 it took me way too long 48
minus 22 Oh
so 20 bucks I don't this has got me
doing deliveries now she's down the
street some lady he's not next door with
the house ask her okay I wait I think
I've seen her drive she drives the
taxicab huh what I've seen her drive a
taxi cab for real oh I did yeah I sorry
too we're way too nice run have you made
30 bucks $30 bucks for our Red Lobster
$5 bill make you holla good job huh yeah
I'm gonna call someone to pick this
office I don't know she's not taking
anything in not going back in that
storage room nothing
it's such a strange concept I've always
thought garage sales like I'm gonna lay
all my crap out here and you come take
it and give me money
yeah so this is the 3d ultrasound place
that Missy was told by one of our
viewers to check out so we're going to
go in and check it out I think you're
going to do the gender okay it's a lot
bigger than the last one
Oh waitron last time we have a big
screen I mean do you allow like um
throughout the video at all mom cuz
we're vloggers oh yeah okay yeah yeah
we'll let you do that okay not on the 24
hour having our childbirth class that oh
yeah okay that's kiddin I wasn't really
so stick with a Saturday yeah and then
what kind of blog do you have I have a
pregnancy channel where I do a weekly
vlog of my pregnancy oh cool yeah and
then I do lots of other Emily dailies
yeah yeah that was a really cool stuff
huh
did your what about oh I don't know well
let's go down here through these shops
and then it's like we're technically
shopping so we are allowed to park there
it smells so good
I love farmers markets see those
avocados Missy
look at those avocados they're humongous
that's an avocado wow that's the biggest
avocado I've ever seen what kind are
these there's a suit on oh they're super
green but they're right around you don't
think they're the good strawberries well
I probably didn't spawn in season oh
yeah
this says sweet strawberries babe
take this
really I was like whoa today you want a
basket okay should be about how many do
you want - a gasket okay really
it's weird because it's not summertime
huh yes very strange is really good
under the fingernail thank you very much
again how oh my gosh
everything is so good they pump them
with sugar
I don't know yep sugar and um
it's so crazy how different they are
army to attack from buying them in the
store you know like this is like
natural-organic he delicious yeah that
one's was amazing which one
yeah which ones were they these is it
these okay we'll take it back
is that a whole bag this whole thing
thank you so much
for the others were so good I could not
like not get any here's avocados oh
they're little why do you need coconut
oil Missy oh there it is
what's it for you gotta shake very
natural and I can use it for more you
try singing and all that Regan oh it
looks like oh it's like a mother much
exactly not to that $12 for 16 ounces is
that good
Oh salsa you got what's the best I like
this one I like hot is that hot yeah
yeah
Oh show them oh no way too hot whoa what
is it that so god I find like hot but I
don't
like I'm a total Buffalo guy like like
that one's really good
whoo that one's like sweet we'll take
that we'll take one of those that's how
I'd torture it was torture but the red
one was good I think I'm still feeling
the hotness of it oh you want a
strawberry oh yeah give me a straw me so
I'd say that's my I don't care just bit
of my mouth
oh yeah that helps a lot I love plastic
hummus
even that's a little sweet didn't really
go oh no
I hope they have their I love anything
with cilantro and jalapeno in it I get
you flowers but you don't like them back
to the car okay I didn't get any
avocados Oh should we goes back to the
first place in your avocados right right
I'm just going to bag okay this one
right yeah looks good
you're our most popular one we just keep
coming back to you
do you wanna turn orange he's picking
out free samples
they're so good huh I love the farmers
market so many liked booths doing like
food you know but I just started my diet
can't you any of that
I hope our cars not towed technically we
did go into one of these shops so ain't
got nothin on us
Oh check out our loot from the farmers
market we got oranges this whole bag of
oranges
how much again four dollars four bucks
and these are like the best oranges ever
they were so scale oh it only does so on
the scale scale yeah here you go do it
and then we got hummus avocado and
cilantro I really wanted the cilantro
and jalapeno because I love anything
with cilantro and jalapeno but they were
all out so it must be popular but this
one was really really good too I love
hummus and then how much nine pounds of
oranges for four bucks that's awesome
and then I got this
Vera's red salsa which is really good
too this would be really good for like
when you fried chicken like skinless
chicken you can put salsa on it and I'm
pretty sure it's a real cow right this
also zero calorie is salsa zero calorie
let me know if you know bag of avocados
for three bucks these are a little
different there what are they called
like you dude Tatsu tan Oh avocados I've
never tried these but they said they
tasted just the same in the insides
looked amazing and then we got
strawberries we're a huge strawberry
family usually though we only get
strawberries during the summertime
because that's when you can find them
for like really really sweet but these
are so good I cannot believe passing
these are usually not sweet until like
August yeah it's super sweet it's like
awk season and they're amazing they're
literally taste like the sugar pumped
into all around it yeah so these look
really good
put a few of these in my shape so I mean
I think we pretty much made out for like
what $15 yeah 15 bucks shop at your
local farmer market you guys because you
find some good stuff all right
garage sale is over and we still have
all this stuff all right so now it's
going to the goodwill Oh someone's here
you're gonna be done so ah thanks for
thinking of us and then
yeah yeah Brian won't let me get rid of
his Snuggie he's never used it once I
did wear it once when you first got it
on Christmas morning three years ago
okay but I will I forgot about it you
store things and then I don't know where
they are so I don't use them it is I
will wear it all the time
every single night now because you just
know you offset that now you won't okay
um oh god I'm gonna get sick okay sorry
though no sorry
okay are you done playing around yeah
all right oh nice
all the single ladies all the single
ladies put your hands up up in the club
hello song stuck in my head now they
watch the vlog get away you big baby
what are you doing he's hiding behind
the couch right now Emma what are you
doing boy come on I don't even know why
he's afraid of the game it's irrational
but felt down in it clang it's gone boy
let's go come on Tommy
oh boy it's all gone
I hung in right it falls on before it's
all unless it fell on him real like
emotional issues he's afraid of the
broom the MA
vacuum cleaner yes scary all all they
always fall and make weird noise my god
shaking we are out to lunch with Missy's
parents and Missy is so happy because
she has bread now you know and this is
Missy's parents that's Jim and Suzanne
say hi say hi YouTube
we're pretty much spending all the money
that we got at the garage cell for this
right Missy forty dollar coupon she
doesn't really know how coupons work so
I look swinging at another day all right
so we are leaving lunch and I wanted to
show that Missy she actually rates our
server by how many pieces of bread they
give us to go and it's really funny like
she'll be like super happy if they bring
her two pieces of bread but if they
refuse then she's not having it all
right so Brian is off to work so I'm now
home in my jammies of course that's what
I like to wear and I'm not doing
anything and waiting for Brian to get
off and then we're gonna film a really
fun video for his Bryan Lanning TV
channel it's he kind of told me about it
it sounds pretty funny guys so I got
home so late when I came home Missy was
actually in bed there she is hi she was
really tired and so we just decided to
hold off on the video I like a challenge
anyway so I guess we're gonna shoot it
tomorrow because I only work in the
morning so I should have time but anyway
I'm so tired I worked so late tonight so
I'm gonna edit this vlog and then hit
the hay cuz I gotta be up early for work
tomorrow so we will see you guys
tomorrow thank you for watching and bye
oh she's going to do it she's going to
come on Bailey
ah-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha p.m. the audacious
using has this effect on babies
hot Bailey
