the other side she seriously has this
effect on babies hot Bailey hubby
, come on what are you doing under there
Karma he just crawled under here
randomly that cannot be comfortable this
is like maybe six inches and he's a
full-grown Australian Shepherd Carver
come here come here boy get out from
under there come on go go go Jabbar you
want your ball don't go for a walk I'll
take you for a walk
come come boy come on you did it hey
guys so I'm wearing my new shirt that I
got from home maybe I was a little
hesitant about buying it just because it
is an extra-large and I'm losing weight
I plan on being in a large soon so I
don't know it's kind of hard to buy
clothes when you're losing weight but I
really like this shirt and it's super
comfortable I did a little cleaning
today in the room and look what I found
karma again karma come on boy why do you
do this to yourself come on boy get out
get out from under that come on good boy
it's a crazy dog come on why are you in
there why you like to go under the bed
huh you okay feeling okay
maybe he's sad because we scheduled his
rabies shot is that it right on cuz we
scheduled your rabies shot look he
doesn't even want to look at you guys
come on look okay oh poor guy I don't
know he's acting kind of funny something
wrong with you karma I figured you got
like a ton of energy out so he's very
like calm but hiding under the bed
that's a little too calm so I was
watching yesterday's vlog and I posted
it on my personal Facebook page and
actually someone from high school
commented and they said they remember
what Missy's talking about how I used to
drag her up the stairs when we would go
to class Missy's memory is like insane
she remembers every single detail she
knows what day it happened on it's
really really crazy and action
it freaks me out a little she doesn't
like write any of it down she just
remembers oh you know on this day it was
a Thursday and we did this that's so
crazy and me I'm like the complete
opposite I can never remember anything
that happened high school was like a
blur I remember what I ate for breakfast
yesterday so it's good cuz she keeps me
in check because I can never remember
anything it's actually one of my fears
is I'm afraid that I'm going to grow up
and have Alzheimer's so there's that
have you guys seen these it's this
really cool toy and you tap and you try
and get them to hit together and then
you try and really suck right now let's
see I I got them to do it like three
times whoa
how many times is that take it on video
they're also really dangerous so I think
that the kids we watch for Missy's
cousins are here so I'm gonna go hang
out with them like a trimming okay they
said oh wow you're walking Daryl doesn't
you still feel like you're walking man
look at no hands come here come here
Bailey can come here Bailey can come
here Bailey honey go Facebook look how
long she's standing up really come here
come on you can do it you can do it
Bailey you can do it
come on walk do it she's going to do it
she's going to come on Bailey
come on Bailey ah ha ha ha nice try huh
p.m. the other side she seriously has
this effect on babies hot Bailey
hubby look at her go
shake your booty you tell them hump
Bailey yeah shake it shake it shake it
shake it
I'm single and I was saying like Oh
singin Oh singin Oh singin you tell um
things that I know am i right
right here right here live check us out
I just got this voicemail from Missy
right I am going to throw your phone in
a trash
thank you clearly don't use it I am not
mad I'm just very annoying I'm sorry
I'm sorry that I had three missed calls
from you I didn't see that until you
knocked on the window it's on silent
babe come on
cuz I'm stupid welcome home babe ah look
at that puppy love puppy laughs well you
know now that you're home I have to
leave in like an hour for work
I'm ready guys - I don't know if I have
time for that
ain't nobody got time for that I will if
you give me a kiss me kiss me kiss me
please okay
look it she kisses the dog before she
kisses me hon you would answer the phone
if I called him
no he wouldn't because he'd be freaking
out he'd chew the phone up he ain't got
no thumbs for that mm-hmm I love you
that wasn't even a kiss hmm he gets
really jealous yeah it does
all right you want to get ready to ice
cream I can't eat ready to ice cream I
only got like 1,200 calories left today
oh you can take me various all right so
we are headed to write it which is
probably it all over America but I've
only found that in California they serve
ice cream and it is a delicious ice
cream it is the best ice cream but I'm
not allowed to have it
how's like ice chips in it it's like so
good really good
it's thrifty ice cream yeah but it's
just I don't know there's something
about it and it's so thrifty and it's
not softer and most ice cream is okay
so this is what it looks like there's
really no ice cream here that I can eat
that would be healthy
I not
i totes need a new pair of slippers so
if you want to give me something for
Valentine's Day
that would be no presents these all look
really cool though look at this it's
like plaid and it's got like what's the
look I don't want the bow thing on it
that's stupid
oh great so now I have to go find this
with no bow now I have a job I'm sorry
that I gave you a chore to do Missy I
really like these actually I could wear
this I could rock these do you like what
I'm wearing right now hey they are whoa
that's interesting
where'd you get those I know they're not
real Tom's but I know but where'd you
get them these are cool babe these are
50% off
there's only $7 you want a pair I do
been eating shoes that's eight nine yeah
I know you looked at some an old Navy
member yeah I didn't have any that's
only seven that's what I wear oh you're
twinsies
you do kind of actually look like her
you really do I think so that's good for
me see scammed ice cream out of me and
pair shoes good job good job
so our subdivision has a garage sale
going on and so I've decided to clean
out the storage room area that we showed
you a few it's just ridiculous and I
clean it out every couple months and
then it gets like crazy again but I have
to recruit help because otherwise I when
I get going on something I just go crazy
and I just do it all myself and
obviously with me being pregnant I don't
want to be lifting and doing all that
stuff so after work worried yeah so
Brian can't help so I get like my
brother or someone but yeah when I get
going on something I just get all insane
and do it all myself and I really
shouldn't do that is this part of your
nesting you think no not necessarily
this this is just something that you've
been bugging me for months
cool hat babe found it it's from high
school is it really yeah I think being
you got one mine's not pink though yeah
you're the blue looks cool in case you
know whatever snows yeah here in sunny
California and I don't mean to make
people think that it's cold because
today was 80 degrees this is definitely
punished thank you
it's hearts that's actually broken all
right so I've been working for a while
my I got Jimmy or my brother to do a lot
of the work but here is the finished
product so as you can see now how this
is cleaned out and it's more on sides
and you can kind of walk in here so yeh
I did a good job I think obviously with
a lot of help from my brother but now
I've got this as my room and I've got to
get it ready to sell tomorrow morning
give me a busy night and I'm busy
morning but it's good I feel better it
always makes me feel better when we
clear out declutter you know so I just
got off work
Missy did an awesome job in the closet
it looks amazing and even though room is
like clean now to even cleaner than
before look if she found our coat rack I
remember this it was so cool so I told
her I've been needing a coat rack
because we have lots of towels and coats
and stuff that we hang up and so yeah
it's late I'm tired and I'm starving so
I need to eat and then I want to go to
bed because I want to get up early
because we have the yard sell in the
morning which I guess we're doing now
that was kind of last minute I also want
to try and make the farmer's market
because I never make the farmer's market
and so it's tomorrow morning so gonna
try and do it thank you guys for
watching and we will see you tomorrow
bye right now ready ready
that was why ready get ready get your
hiking up he really wants that ball in
the bag you should work for Sloane
Sicily or something it's a full MA
okay give him the ball now he is
