a proper ample don't run run run run
dance
she's get a taste of what a big brother
would be like whoever you are that way
ever wanna be
just one
come and all I just again
forever your
me always say good morning to June the
boys loved playing with June Thank You
laughs well when you go make the baby
laugh challenge what are you doing since
in the morning you set a little actor
buddy it's so funny good morning guys we
are all awake and ready for the day this
is what it would be like if we had three
kids this kid had got a voice exponent
because opinion about everything and yes
your carrot with the Horrell don't you
you guys like hanging out with baby June
the kids are seriously so cute but I
wanted to show you this organ day we're
having it so gloomy it's quite gloomy
and wet and cold
and I'm not sure what we're going to do
today but we will full day in Oregon
still to explore this is the same time
as the Eclipse yesterday but if the
Eclipse were today we would not be able
to see it
because look how cloudy it is in the sky
there's a Sun right there can barely
even see it behind the trees because of
all the clouds but if you guys missed
our solar eclipse video we did a 3 a.m.
challenge with it - it was quite freaky
so please go check out yesterday's video
is a in the iCard above we are heading
off for a Sunday
all the boys written the other guy and I
think ok yeah where the girl cried
there's a boy chart where we go hiking
and go explore just see some really fun
stuff it's just definitely stuff that
you can't really do in California the
trees and just like the hiking is just
amazing here so it'll be really time to
do one last thing here in Oregon before
we have to head home
hello crew
we're in the wild wilderness Ollie oh
we're gonna be wilderness explorers
aren't we yeah go check it out then you
look so cute and that's probably a great
place to sit yeah and the whole hiking
trip we may need to strap you all right
Ollie what are you hoping we see on our
little hike today clean needles what
clinical there's not a separate dinosaur
yeah I don't know if we're gonna see any
dinosaurs lime salt waterfall that's
right calcium carbonate you're taking us
up to a waterfall and I'm so excited for
the boys to be able to see it hike is
amazing you guys are gonna yeah can we
just take a minute to appreciate
junipers hot is beautiful look at this
for fun huh
that's like a huge waterfall nutnut
folly does that remind you of our pool
at home Olli the waterfall 114 acres of
timber land people its final tree
fighter trees yeah all he thinks they
look like they're covered in spiders
they're actually kind of furry because
they have moss growing all over them
a trees in California don't look like
that do they so we're hiking along the
canyon now what it's going to do is it's
actually going to take us right behind
this huge waterfall you guys reminds me
on Disney on the Jungle Cruise and they
make a big deal about sitting the
backside of water are they going to be
walking on the back side oh oh my gosh
because that you guys know beautiful
look at that ollie we're about to walk
behind the waterfall I want to go into a
cave he doesn't want to fall in the cave
wants to go in the cave check out this
cave we're going in right now guys oh
she's really freaked me out dude we're
exploring a cave that's so cool
no Dino eggs we should check we actually
might find a couple in here ollie I
think so maybe it's literally dripping
you guys the top is even dripping with
water so crazy
what do you want to do Ollie's alright
enter walk along the back oh yeah bet
you'll see some K
watch out where it's dripping out my
drip on your head the boys are on the
hunt looking for Dino eggs Corben did
today dinosaurs used to do this here be
careful boys watch your head okay Oh
cute the boys actually think there's
Dino eggs and yes do you see any look
around in these rocks Olli some of them
might have got stuck in the rocks what
do you see what you find dude did you
just want to dine away what he actually
found a dino
oh my gosh look at then another one how
cool is that dude
we found two authentic Dino eggs in this
waterfall Cave say they found two Dino
eggs ah how amazing is that I bet there
is hang on to your eggs guys and we'll
open them later okay
dude you just found a dino egg in a cave
found me I just I don't understand how
this always happens to us all these like
a master dinosaur expert you guys he's
basically a paleontologist by now yeah
and an alien guy we just explored this
little cave behind this amazing
waterfall and the boys found dinosaur
egg
bro organ is amazing
what do you think of the backside of
water Corben used to tell that joke all
the time the backside of water this is
so cool I feel like this is almost like
a little play area there's so many kids
like climbing on rocks and fences and
stuff
come on ping yeah how cool
this is seriously like Jurassic Park
I've never seen anything like this so
this is that's amazing
you can literally climb up and crawl all
the way across the back if you were
crazy
cause I so need but this is like tomb
raider stuff bro haha so you could
technically climb up there and walk
across on this ledge is there anything
in this one oh wow
you boys are in a cave so there's a
pretty mysterious cave over here
Ollie I think I heard a Dino noise whoa
yeah there's a dinosaur in there dude
yeah do you think there's a nest what
you found another one that is so cool we
have three Dino eggs this one can be for
June yeah oli sounds you a dino egg
Holli and we'll open it up and see
what's inside
do you see any other anything else do
you see the little lines in the dirt
Olli I think a dinosaurs here I don't
know
then come on we better get out of there
we don't wanna be here when the dinosaur
gets back huh yeah let's go on another
dino egg babe how did he just keep
popping up I don't understand like I'm
surprised that like National Geographic
hasn't like call us up yet these little
cave on the side of this rock are so
amazing oh my gosh would you look at
when it came together Wow hello
hello is anyone at the cave like a
little window they're now making our way
from the trail to the bridge that cool
shot of the waterfall all did he just
throw it down away ah we lost one yeah
Corbin what are you doing down there
okay hey can you get that dinosaur egg
that Finn dropped
next time
did you get it he saved the dinosaur egg
nice
yeah those crawdads in there they're so
cool
everyone say thank you Corbin in the
comments down below and make sure you
subscribe to them with the iCard Thank
You Corbin such a good dude we got a
little water here we can open our Dino
eggs and see what's in them okay what
kind of dinosaur are you hoping to get
Olly you don't know a lot of t-rex
that's a new kind of dinosaur
I'll leave the pro at this look it he's
like you roll it in the water what do
you do next Olly
father DIY right now do I'm like a rock
yeah hit it on the rock buddy that rock
there you go and that is how you open a
Dinah wait a can okay okay is she
holding at yeah what'd you get Ollie
would you get nice just a couple of Dino
pros open an egg by a waterfall casual
another del fin has gotten so much
better at this he got it so close oh
that's a cool one buddy
it's a Pteranodon you guys or a
pterodactyl could be to all he's still
working hard on this one then you did it
let me see your Dino fin along all he is
opening June's very first time okay the
cutest thing ever it's free clean it off
presented to June no going to do it's
big the Brachiosaurus
we found a snake
look at that snake always yeah thanks
look at them go that is so cool that was
just a cute little snake look at what we
found you guys the little tree tent it's
like a little fort bro badger we found a
chip Malone bro he's gonna run did you
just find Bigfoot bro walking in to get
lunch
he has raided the candy section he have
stopped our hiking day and we are here
getting to come lunch a late late lunch
I just
we're putting tiny suckers but I'm back
sir we feel what we're doing
we're driving back home from lunch and
hiking and there's like a huge queue is
wow look at that
yeah that's definitely a fire oh that's
really bad the propellant ramp ramp ramp
ramp Radames
she's getting a taste of what a big
brother would be like night junebug
all right I have all for today's video
we are doing a scene where we end our
vlog at the same time as calcium for bed
I hope you guys enjoyed that video I'm
going to give it a big rough chop go
subscribe to calcium Corbin they're
ending their vlog also you can
you
