all right now that is 3 amv or doing the
3 a.m. jobs we're going to watch the
total solar eclipse 3 a.m. it's so big
look at that I love that part I will
bring it like what it's so cool yes
we're having you are
that's what ever wanna be that big you
are
just one around
so you coming all I am
I'm Trevor you're with me
good morning fan 1 bye
good morning guys and happy solar
eclipse day total solar eclipse day we
are in the path of totality yeah you're
gonna see the whole thing we are so
excited because for those of you guys
and do that now we have traveled to
Oregon to be with our friends Kelsey in
Corbin so that we can see the total
solar eclipse in a hundred percent it's
amazing and check out these shirts that
we made you guys how cool is that
Solar is not shirt I know mrs. is the
most analysts thing ever you know that
what fire legit yeah it's careful be
like really dark and then splatter on
this side I know I would also spray it
for looks like no no let me do any more
oh if you guys want to see how we did
these shirts make sure you go check out
Corbin's channel I'll have it linked in
the iCard go over there watch that video
and subscribe what you'll see on August
21st depends very much on where you're
located now some of us will see a total
eclipse others only a partial eclipse
the total eclipse will be visible only
in this band that cuts across the state
people in the path of totality will see
the moon completely block out the Sun
during totality you'll only see the glow
from the sun's outer atmosphere will be
really really cool we spoke with NASA's
that the sky will get dark during this
period but even in the path of totality
not completely pitch black he said it
will look similar to with the sunset on
a normal day places outside of his hotel
attack site another lab fun fact the
last of eclipses in 1979 the totality
Pasteur Goldendale Washington but the
next one will be in 99 years so this is
the only time will we will be able to
implementing this in our lifetime
like a once in a lifetime it allows that
the entire US Coast
that's crazy yeah nothing says good
morning June Thank You Linda she's ready
for this roller coaster in her solar
eclipse sure doesn't you look so cute
look so cool do you like so cool you got
your bandana and your solar exception
yeah hey Jun I have a question for you
how do you organize a solar eclipse
viewing party you plan it get it like
Planet
so the solar eclipse the total solar
eclipse has just started and what we are
seeing now is in the top right corner of
the Sun and objects have started coming
in front of this and it is not so insane
that we are actually witnessing that
this is history
sliver but it's just a little bit like
broke a little piece off oh my god I end
up until like
hey oli I have a question for you why
does a moon rock taste better than an
earth rock this guy no because it's
meteor this may be are you guys out of
it
I know by the way I know the Eclipse
quests are really really hard to come by
today I heard there are people so on
those things for like a hundred bucks
yeah doesn't just like feel amazing the
Sun feels amazing today yeah Kelsey is
determined to find the true meaning of
the Eclipse for all of us I'm serious I
think we should all do some sort of like
meditation let's all do yoga this really
is incredible and I'm so excited to see
like everything get dark and dim you
know what I mean
KGW News says we are about 20 minutes
away from totality and this is the view
that we have right now
incredible basically exactly that is
like like a moon a little crescent moon
Corbin's going to get shot on his camera
so we are about 10 minutes from fatality
is actually getting a lot about her it's
dim you there's like a cold chill that
kind of spread all over the place too so
just like oh you just take off your
glasses yeah but like is like dimming so
normally when there's a sunset it's like
gold to me yeah so different so the few
thing that's going to happen right
before the shallot each one we're going
to see like a little burst of light on
one side and it's going to look like a
diamond ring then right as at totality
you're going to be able to see little
shadows on the ground and that's like
the flames shooting out of the moon from
the Sun so Chris gonna be really close
night you wanna look at the Sun again my
gosh we are so close
tiny little sliver it kinda looks like a
little tiny moon yeah
I don't know if you guys can be like
light streaks all over the ground right
now
Oh what I did know is by God's laws you
guys look at it I'll get it with the
glasses look oh my gosh look at the sky
Oh
oh my gosh I got it look at the stars
and the stars are all like oh yeah quick
oh my god it's almost there you guys
this is so cool I'm so glad we are here
for this
yes you got you good luck you good luck
oh my god
oh this is so amazing
are you crying about bullying wow this
is getting emotional all we can see this
funny comfy come out here go to mama now
that add me over always walk not nuts
that was it's starting like all the Sun
is going to come back out really see so
now the moon is passing over the Sun and
all the Sun is all the moonlight is
coming back just don't look at it buddy
I thought was one of the most amazing
things I think I've ever seen that was
so incredible that was so incredible
like I have tears in my eyes and she's
crying it was just like I know only what
I was what I was thinking the whole time
was like if we didn't know what's going
on it was just like way back in the old
days and all of a sudden it just ADAT I
would have actually felt that it was the
end of the world yeah and not in a scary
way it's not like hey this is it okay
very like alien you know like very like
mystical it was insanely freaky right we
saw the Sun the sunset sky it was like
dark oh my gosh I'm so glad we did this
you guys can we get a group hug this is
like the coolest place ever to be for
something as amazing as this that was
amazing
yeah every 10 years every month happy
Eclipse day where do you guys think it
was I feel bad and I feel like people
are not be able to relate with what we
got to experience yeah that's true it
was so beautiful and intense and
magically I know how I was trying to
clean it on so hard a time but the video
doesn't do it justice yeah we look crazy
Corman video captures a lot to the top
and check it out but I thought we were
going to just say in Portland that's how
they live
but Portland's 99% and it is just
nothing compared to totally a lie
it would have been so different yeah we
would have been bored not bored by it
well maybe yeah but fatality incidences
about it I'm not
is going to be that good but I was like
oh sure we'll go there and last I was
like a plus so like I am so happy that
actually made me know and he had to see
it right and I'm so happy the boys got
to see it too it is totally like a
magical thing and I was thinking about
the last magical thing we did we did
like a thing called the 3 a.m. challenge
on our channel do you remember that I
was thinking the solar eclipse is
probably totally one of those things
that you're not supposed to do at 3 a.m.
so it's almost I mean we've been up
forever
the kids have been asleep and we've just
been hanging out by the fire it's almost
3:00 a.m. what if we watch the solar
eclipse that we filmed today at 3:00
a.m. and see if something crazy happens
nothing with the universe
I mean how what we experience already in
the morning like now that we're going to
like watch it
okay well it's crazy
let's do it all right you guys it is now
3 a.m. you know this hour is when weird
things happen so alright guys now that
is 3 amv or doing the 3 a.m. jobs we're
going to watch the total solar eclipse
at 3 a.m. you guys ready yeah three two
one
play just a little clipper so we think
it's over and is just we got like it's
so big
look at that hard ice and we'll bring it
like what it's so cool yes wait what
I guess nothing happened
what do I look like Brian why do I look
like korvac the 3 a.m. challenge must
have swapped all our bodies oh my god
this is we finally have a baby girl
Kelsey keep an eye on my boys your kids
now okay guys we should probably like
end the vlog right I'll just do it
because you don't know how to do a
Corbin thanks for watching today's vlog
hope you enjoyed it if you did give this
video a big thumbs up and we'll see you
manana oh oh wait Oh Missy yeah bye
you
