korben fun a snake it's somewhere right
there
I decide oh there wherever you are
that's where I wanna be that big you are
so here putting your dog
I try to give
come with me
good morning Finn good morning oli how
you doing buddy exploring this beautiful
yard yeah you want to go down there
where it is go ahead buddy check out
this view you guys this is so cool the
boys are playing in the yard look at
this oh my gosh so cool so cool so for
those of you who do not know we are in
Oregon so that we could see the total
solar eclipse if you haven't watched
yesterday's video of our travels here be
sure to check that out in the iCard in
the corner it was quite a fun day but it
looks like it's probably about the time
that the eclipse would be happening and
we have a really good view of the Sun so
I think tomorrow is going to be so fun
for the boys and for us to see
everything turned really dark and creepy
and for the solar eclipse happen
all right so meet LC has gone away and
we are headed into the grocery store and
we are driving down these crazy streets
that were literally just like in the
coolest country country round yeah we're
like we're looking at cows we're looking
at the last berries lining the road
which ever tries you vibrating like
sweet dessert I'm splashing screams
maybe we just oughta get those that were
actually headed down to the river and
there's like a swimming hole near us but
I wanted to get like some floatation
stuff for the boys like even though
they're really good at swimming I just
kind of wanted to have something to keep
that keep an eye on then like I don't
want to be like stressing so plus it's
just like different water like it's
murkier you don't know what's in there
so I am excited to go down and show them
some stuff and obviously like me and
Helen I grew up doing this stuff goes
now now I'm like so California eyes I'm
like oh my gosh are they gonna be okay
and the water we used to like jump in
the canals yeah so anyways we're excited
so we're going to go find some notation
stuff oh my goodness she's still
sleeping and fell asleep in the car and
I we always like wakes up as soon as I
get him up I guess he's really tired you
so sleepy played hard you look so cute
cuz I'm like pretty hard
I like what
oh he's so excited about the ice cream
got the ice cream gonna go under there
good job thank you all right we've got
floaties about noodles got some actual
things yeah we got vanilla ice cream
because we're gonna make something yummy
today huh yeah oh good
hi so flour dinner thanks dude
so Ollie and I just went outside and
picked some flowers I think these are
carnations we got very bored because
misty and the girls all laugh so we were
stuck here and so we went outside found
some cool flowers and I just threw them
in a vase because I was like what why
not
ain't got nothing else to do
this little girl has been so sweet I'm
so glad you had a girl because I feel
like we'd have 4 more boys by now this
is kind of holding us over huh
can you imagine life with a baby girl
babe oh yeah I can imagine yeah I can
imagine
one more whether is a girl or a boy yeah
but it's nice right now because I'd be
like oh yeah alrighty everyone is headed
down here we are exploring a little bit
of a property where we're staying
there's a baby goat down here ollie
Missy has Doon and Ollie and Auntie
Kelsey has said that's so cute hi goat
my god
do you guys see this goat over here he's
so cute hi little goat do you see the
baby go it's right up there only you see
he's so cute
should we get it open yeah I feel like
ago is totally feasible I gotta go I
feel like go is definitely next and
maybe pig go because they're actually
useful and they're pretty easy in the
long yeah huge blackberry bushes oh my
gosh Wow like this is crazy there are
wild blackberries everywhere you guys
think credible oh my god amazing eh my
god it tastes like cotton candy laughs
Oh sweetie Wow not even joking look at
that you guys they're saying so soft hey
guys oh that's perfectly right dude oh
say thank you for that good
hmm he is so your child David so funny
all he tried one and he was like yeah
how amazing is this you guys like we can
lick the wild blackberries from where
we're staying are you gonna make a
cobbler yes I got ingredients you did
and no ice cream to go on oh yeah
Missy try this one that's a good one so
good right
and then just found a roly poly all on
his own
look at this we still have these a lot
in Idaho we call them roly polies some
people call potato bugs
you got him ollie look at my kids right
now they just love getting dirty in a
snoring it didn't roll into a ball
Missy look it rolled into a ball
he keeps dropping it oh he got him on
his finger he's such a wild boy you know
if they roll until they hit the ball now
you roll them into a ball babe that's so
cool
I used to play with those all the time
when we lived in Idaho this is the
coolest thing ever we're just like
flooring you've got a baby spider no big
deal just picking up some wild baby's
breath how cool is that
look at all that that's from like one
minute pretty yeah korban found a snake
it's somewhere right there I just saw oh
there yeah it's just a little guy look
at him I don't think he bites buddy it's
just a little garden snake so cool we
thought much bigger one earlier too so
neat
check out these bumble bees you guys
they are tearing up these flowers and
like covering themselves in pollen it's
so cool to see they like covering these
flowers nature I know right I know we're
Californians but yes we have nature
where we live these are just really cool
bumblebees I've never seen them like
this like actually have the yellow
strand on the stripe on my but even
that's so fun
who
great one we are going to the waterhole
you guys and I'm so excited we're having
headed to this little part of the river
that stops or the kids can play and
stuff and we're going to see if they can
do some swimming I'm just like so blown
away by this beauty you guys so fun huh
it's a perfect place alright we are
headed to the waterhole this is so cool
Holly look at that log over there it's
covered in moss it's really cool it's
completely overtaken okay
let's take a picture look at these two
brave boys on top of this log are you
okay did you get it you guys are so cool
you having so much fun in Oregon
come on to me boys I gotcha I gotcha
we have found the good old water and
hole you guys you ready to go swimmin
buddy he's so excited he's got a little
water gun we have our little boat full
of essentials I wonder how the water
feels I bet it's cold let's go feel at
all they come fill the water with me we
were just talking about how this reminds
us of Idaho so much you guys don't know
both Kelsey and Corbin and misty and I
are from Idaho and we all went to high
school together and so stuff like this
we used to do all the time
cause that's all it's really good though
it's a little cold but it feels good I
think you'll like it buddy
yummy okay we're going to get an
official judgement from Ali right now
he's going to fill the water how does it
feel not too bad right it's pretty sick
how's it feel but he keeps so hype right
now I think I could just throw rocks in
the river
ha ha this is so cool he's always
looking for an opportunity to throw
something good yeah
yeah you can just swim swim swim see you
did it did you think you were trapped
so we are home now and guess you can buy
it is my aunt and uncle and they are
actually our viewers who travel all the
time and I did not know they're gonna be
out here and I found out otherwise our
demos tomorrow like okay let's do dinner
so anyways we're making dinner and I am
making a cobbler with all the
blackberries I picked you've been
picking blackberries all day got a great
something with that yeah so I'm making a
little problem it's just like a little
mixture on top with all the Bach berries
and I'm so excited I'm hoping that this
isn't gonna like write too much I don't
think it will be recital well we have
made these present when I was younger so
I think it'll be gold but my pop in and
out and down
so Missy went from spending all day
picking blackberries to making a
homemade blackberry table under really
Wow my oh my god that looks so good babe
oh that looks incredible and we have i
oh my gosh that little girl you're a
baby I've been having so much fun
hanging out with little June she's the
best hi baby girl
be sure you guys are subscribed to
Kelsey a part of it and I kinda Bob so
you can watch some more of those cute
little princess
we like to spy on her are we best
friends okay and it is bedtime we had a
fun day it was a long day it was a
delicious day not a lie I'm not going to
brag myself but that cobbler was amazing
it was so good there's just something
that I definitely haven't had anything
like that in many many years since we
was in Idaho and it was fun when my
because my aunt she loves blackberries
and she goes to like a lot of the local
farmers markets while she's traveling
traveling around but she's never
actually picked a wild blackberry and
ate it and she was like whoa this is
crazy I don't think she'd ever tried a
blackberry like that so it's pretty cool
be able to get to share that with them
and then make them like a fresh homemade
blackberry cobbler it was a lot of fun
and we just had a great time spending
time with Kelsey and Corbin we
absolutely love them and it's just so
awesome that we get to come up here and
just hang out with them and kind of
enjoy their neck of the woods because
they always are coming down to
California which we love but it's so fun
to actually come up here but make sure
you guys are watching their vlogs we're
doing a lot of fun things that they're
vlogging and they're capturing different
stuff so make sure you go check them up
I'll check them out I'll have them
linked up here in the iCard go subscribe
because they're our best friends and
they make awesome videos with their
adorable little junebug attire song
like I only want to talk about a mom
anyways all the kids are tired and going
to bed cluding this one coming of all
people were just kissing face but
anyways make sure you give this video a
big thumbs up Pedro from Belle
no okay oh look at that you can always
do a thumbs up
and we will see you guys tomorrow can
you say bye boop boop
you
