hi June what's up girlfriend
Oh kisses our beat everyone's just going
to go Jew and have the boys like why are
they kids at Californians are weird
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
all that big looked up it
just funnin around you never
putting your dog coming all just again
with me good morning what kind of night
time hall and we're so early young lady
dark outside oh you know what
good morning soon ah where are we
whoa is that the airport yeah what are
we about to do Olly we're going on a
little trip this morning it was quite an
early feat but we did it babe too kid
yeah we're going to be professional
traveler our kids are to where we were
literally sitting like a couple weeks
ago wow you dancin
I've got to get there morning stretches
and calls what did you do it yeah the
plaintiff to move on huh yeah getting
ready to fly
are you ready yeah ready to plow you're
like a pro what are you going to do on
the flight movie you're sweet
I guess what I see
unless you okay
real way over that you did
yeah ain't no hope you know yeah you
know what come out I think that is the
first I've always ever see a volcano and
make known what it is
three cool you won't cook candle did you
can see it out the window all muscle
cumali
yeah we're in Portland what are we
looking for in Portland hi goofy and
June and Jota okay
hey bro guess what Dona you see that
blue star logo
okay something I'm so excited about blue
star that's the guy they're like super
good organic doughnuts
nothing more important we should go to
Target we have reunited with Kelsey in
Corbin and June and we are going to go
shopping at Target and just grab some
stuff for those of you guys who don't
know we are here in Oregon to see see
total solar eclipse what are you doing
with your hands right now are you doing
here loose we are so exciting out with
Kelsey in Corbin and look there's dude
hi June what's up girlfriend
Oh kisses baby everyone's just going to
go June how's the boys why are they kids
and Californians are weird
all right we are now at a little food
cart pocket and lunch and we found
poutine look at that this is not this is
a fries yeah it's a certain we've never
had like we've been all over Canada this
is revised language if I get to see no
straw
oh she's not going to like that she's
not gonna like that told you she's not
gonna like that
oh no this looks incredible on Canada
we should go back to Canada yeah you got
a buzzer let me see we got to go get our
chicken
all right so me and health are in the
car with June and a very very full car
the boys are all actually it really is
all the girls in here and all the boys
didn't have a geyser yes and okay
there's another park anyways we're
literally trying to find our little
Airbnb which is in the middle of nowhere
but is so pretty out there and we're
about to pull into our little house or a
little highway go home - you're really
in the country out here yeah I don't
think there's a target anywhere close by
well I didn't know I explained the port
jiggle up yes one dumpling thank you
you're so excited we're excited and
hopefully hopefully we find this house
all right Missy has had an inside the
house she's gonna let us in but look at
this house what do you think Finn yeah
look at this big front yard you guys can
play in oh my gosh look at this you guys
we are like livin it up in Oregon for
the next couple days we really cool we
are definitely off the beaten path a
little bit I think we're gonna get some
relaxation hey I actually have been
telling them that this is Kelsey and
Corbin top well we are yeah this is
really cool look at this kitchen
oh my gosh dining room living up this is
so cool how it wraps around like that
babe I know this is awesome
so we're walking through the house right
now oh cool here's a master bedroom I
love Airbnb because you can stay in the
coolest places that like you probably
would never stay in you know I mean what
do you think of the house bro this place
is so cool
ah that's so cool check out the back
together view oh my gosh for the eclipse
as a little Clips back that is awesome
holy Callaghan is beautiful blue I want
to see at 10 a.m.
where are the sun's going we might have
to go on the roof because all those
trees are yeah this patio is insane it
goes all the way back here
we got a hot people and I don't think I
brought my suit so I'm gonna be
skinny-dipping
we're just the wind chime
all I guess what so this Airbnb has a
cat and guess what the cat is named
Oliver yes just like you and that cool
is this really longer yeah dude
then come on downstairs with me buddy
yeah let's see what's down here I bet
there's lots of fun things oh boy I
don't know all he really wants to find
the kitty cat
oh wow it's like a whole like downstairs
seating area whoa this is cool so we
have just been exploring on the property
in the house and so far we are
absolutely in love with where we're at I
know it's very like secluded and private
and it's really fun and I don't know if
Ryan told you but they have a full
garden up here and they said we can help
ourselves to any of the fruits and
veggies which we're really excited about
but then I started looking around and
they have wild blackberries all over the
yard and one of my favorite things in
Idaho to do were picking blackberries we
would just go like down to the real
railroad tracks like every summer and go
pick blackberries and I did not even
think for one second that they would
have blackberries just out and about and
look at this time everywhere
delicious blackberries you can smell
from here like good so I'm going to pick
a bunch and I'm going to make a little
cobbler
because I absolutely love blackberries
and blackberry cobbler and I'm so
excited right now I just picked a few
but look at my fingers already
completely covered in like purple black
and I'm going to eat one right now for
the first time and yes it's right off
the vine and yes I should wash it but I
really want to eat it oh my god it just
tastes nothing like a blackberry that
you get at the store just melt in your
mouth amazing oh I wish my parents were
here because they would absolutely love
this too I'm gonna fill this up and then
we're just gonna eat them all look
everybody blackberries I just picked
crazy yeah and this is all about myself
is this like the perfect place you know
I like it heaven holy last minute we
could we could get and like I feel like
it okay since you and i won
they're nothing like totally dirty what
do you think Wow what do you think like
amazing they're nothing like what you
get a sword
oh good yeah that's really sweet you
don't get those at storage right even
though you should probably watch
something
I came up here to check out this garden
because he was telling me about these
blackberries and wow this is incredible
I love it it's like I feel like it's so
inspiring I want to do something like
this on our property where we can I have
all the ingredients to like make our own
salsa or something you know like I feel
like that's so cool like being
sustaining in ways like that this is
really cool this is going to be a fun
couple of days you guys I think you guys
are going to really enjoy our organ
inventors and coming up we have the
total solar eclipse so I am definitely
excited to share this moment with Kelsey
and Corbin and with the boys and Missy
and if you guys are not subscribed to
calcium Corbin click that I card in the
corner and be sure to subscribe to them
because they're awesome that our friends
and we love them and you guys will too
what did we find yeah what yeah you want
to swim
alright hop in boys you know us you guys
we got to have our water our swimming
water these boys have been without it
for just a couple hours and they're
already wanting to jump back in how's it
feel you can turn it that's cool then
cannot now you know
hi guys my name's Ian some stuff to
wonder make sure you go follow them and
subscribe and thanks for watching to see
right around see ma√±ana hi
you
you
