what this looks so good I wish I can eat
it I know wherever you are that's where
ever wanna be that big
just one around
pooja coming all just again
with me good morning guys and welcome to
today's vlog today's vlog is sponsored
by audible you guys know we love audible
we've worked with them before they have
a great library of audiobooks and I've
actually just been chilling here outside
on the back patio well I have a free
moment before getting the kids ready for
the day and I've been listening to Kevin
Hart's new book I can't make this up on
audible and it's been so much fun I was
listening to and I was thinking this was
probably like the best and the only way
that as a dad I can consume a book if
you guys want to try out audible as well
be sure to click the link down below in
the description or go to audible.com
slash bump and by signing up today with
the link down below in my description
audible is hooking you guys up with a
free 30-day trial and you guys love free
stuff so please check that out
thanks again to audible for sponsoring
today's video now on to the rest of the
vlog good money good morning buddy hi
Ben is hanging out in the blanket
storage and he loves the light and that
cool buddy hop hey dude we're gonna go
see my finger so you are gonna sing a
song haha you excited what up guys we
are already in the car and today we're
doing something super fun we're actually
driving to my buddy Daniels new house
that's insane hi Daniel actually just
moved a little bit closer to us so we
can hang out a little bit more so we're
going to go over there and see the new
place play with the kids and we're going
to record something very special for
intial interests I don't think Missy's
really heard the whole thing like bits
and pieces I know like what the melody
is so I think you guys are gonna like it
yeah
and then we're going to try and get all
in Finn and you in it too obviously well
it feels like a family song you guys
who's never released something like that
look hey should be fun it'll be really
cool all right we have made it to our
friends house and Ollie has found some
buddies to play with what is going we
got a lightsaber and a gun you guys
remember Daniel my producer we're
working on some cool stuff today this is
cool hey dude how big you got in running
the plate ox are you his favorite oh can
I see it it has the two cars oh nice
Victor which one's the car look at finis
there's another car where's the car oh
he is so shy right now that's a cool
page to be honest okay that's cool page
for kid there's a lot going on there
alright look at that mask you guys that
is scary Kyle oh he's like laughing in a
kylo Ren voice we are making no sound
we're in the garage I always dress tears
and I was doing a song and we have to be
really quiet so the best place to fight
is outside and so we picked the garage
this is actually pretty hot out there
I've been saving it to invest two years
just now we had an off you know if I'm
machining in is that
alright now that you have had so much
fun hanging out with your friends and
playing and eating your snow cone King
yeah yeah we're gonna sing together and
you guys have sung before right yeah
yeah you guys are on my album remember
the song Idaho and you're in the music
video
uh-huh that's pretty cool huh good job
buddy high-five all he did some shouting
into the microphone for the song gonna
sound so cool dude he's like oh yeah
what I write a song play with my gun bad
thing do you want to sing to go ahead
and sing good singing dude he's all
embarrassed now he's like I need mama
mrs. doing her part don't bring that
right you can do this babe
we're doing a family song okay the song
that we're doing is for our intro and
we're going to be doing a longer version
that you guys can hear the full song of
it but it's all about family and rising
up and sticking together and we got this
what you got dude popcorn
nice we all done doing the song the kids
are chilling what do you watching oh
nice all he loves this movie did you
have fun Olli yeah man I was like a
classical so we are home now and he's
apparently very cold he's going to rub
her on him he also slept most of the way
home and it's a little tired but anyway
we are now what are we doing
I'm making cookie making cookies and he
really wants to help me so he's going to
put the sugars in you can help me mix it
up
and then you're going to put it in oven
all by yourself and cook it right that's
cool it's a bold move
you're probably right well we should
probably do it huh good thinkin you're
so smart
alright then you do the vanilla pudding
good job good
all right we just put the chocolate
chips in and now we got to mix it up how
should we mix it up
should I mixed up with my hands okay
here you login you mixing as my hand
it's a big cookie like that oh my cookie
huh yeah what do you think good Howard
good let's just look so good I was up
can you eat it I know
all right now is a taste test
let's try it you want it how is it and
that is it going to try it oh wow how is
it yay all right let's cook these up kay
you guys are such good helper thanks for
helping me
Ollie said what are you guys excited for
cookie we got cookies but before you can
have cookies we've got USDA whole milk
bigger cookie any cookie well two
cookies hey exact is this one for ollie
okarin this one percent awesome what do
you say boys mama what do you say there
with a Thank You Mimi never thank you oh
yeah
say thank you Dad no say Thank You Dada
you mean me eyes are very are Gaga Ollie
why do you get a cookie right now did
you tell them ask me so good he slept so
good in his bed all night and so we said
we'd make him a cookie so he got a
cookie
you
that ice cream
and then
maybe
so the day is winding down the boys are
eating dinner and we're getting ready to
put them to bed because all they have
school in the morning
Missy and I were just out here looking
at our lavender and we seem to have
maybe killed it
I'm really really affected so we have
these two plots right here we
transplanted lavender into them and
they're just looking so droopy like so
dark and like not very soft anymore and
they're kind of like getting hard and
brittle so hoping that I dead so we
actually had them up towards closer to
the house so I brought them out here
thinking maybe they'll get more Sun
because I know
lavender likes a lot of fun Rena come on
girl get out of my flowers this one I
caught digging in it too so I don't know
or not digging but she was like messing
around with her she's like eating the
soil huh
such a silly doggy but yeah it looks
pretty sad right now
it really does hoping that it'll get
maybe more Sun out here and soak up some
of the nutrients I just poured on top of
it craziest thing too like we just
pulled these up here and there are these
like crazy swarming around them which is
kind of an issue and probably why we
would never really plant lavender like
in our courtyard area like maybe over on
the other side of the property maybe to
attract the bees and then we can visit
the lavender but yeah having them up
here it's kind of just a temporary
solution we were hoping they would get
big and thrive and then we'd be able to
put them in the ground so we'll see they
get back to life I know you guys are
wondering Brian why are you talking so
much about plants and flowers all the
time it's just like one of those things
in life you develop new hobbies and
interests and I'm like this is cool like
I genuinely like plants and flowers and
stuff and I like I like working in the
yard too they get to play with this one
hi you the new Luna Liu Liu no Liu
lunatic hi Jake put her there don't eat
my hand that's not proper etiquette
you
all right the boys are all clean they
got their jammies on take your brush
their bellies are full and now it is
time for books before bed ha we are
actually going to read the night before
preschool because saddest thing ever
we tried to find this book the night
before his first day of preschool and we
couldn't find it anywhere but it's the
cutest books it talks about how this
little boy was like nervous for school
and then he met a little girl and she
made it all better and so I changed all
the names to oli and then the little
girl is painted and he loves it he's
like that's all you know to me and so I
was so tired I couldn't read it before
his first day of preschool but tomorrow
we've got school again and so we're
definitely reduced this time since I
actually found it we've got the pirate a
pirate book which is actually a super
cute one and we've got the tickle
monster you're going to be the tickle
monster this time he's like no you do it
month anyways I think we're all ready to
go ahead and end this vlog we had a
super duper fun day and we are so
excited about this new song and I think
you guys are going to love it like it is
so cute it's really just like a simple
fun song and I think it's just going to
be like like a fun theme song for our
channel but I do want to know if you
want to see other fun videos of us
making music as a family make sure you
click the iCard up here and you can
watch those because we have a lot of fun
making music a lot of the time Brian
loved to write songs and the kids love
to be a part of it and it's a lot of fun
but anyways for now make sure you give
this video a big thumbs up a thumbs up
is up and we'll see you guys tomorrow
what do you say
to
you
