what are you doing kiddo doing your cool
moves while eating your dinner why are
you so cool bro wherever you are that's
whatever wanna be inside
Oh
just one another
trust again
with me good morning in classroom just
connection to this not less good morning
guys you've got the Johnston's over and
they're playing Finn is actually taking
a nap
and we're enjoying our final day of
summer well I mean it is summer actually
get really mad because I feel like they
start school now so early wait I feel
like always was in some yeah like it's
still summer time they should still be
playing and now they have to like start
going to school but luckily Ollie is not
going to be every day so it's gonna be
very minimal but it is our last day to
get ready for it so I am getting all the
final touches done and getting
everything prepared so that his first
day goes smoothly I have to pack his bag
I have to make sure he's got a cute
outfit which I did not go school clothes
shopping I don't know if that's like a
major fail but like she's got plenty of
clothes I don't even go to school
shopping early school clothes shopping
so I should probably make sure he does
first steps done this is his disaster
preparedness kit it's like I guess they
really gonna walk down I think you would
have these like snacks but also
ingesting it's like you just like really
hungry it doesn't have anything I wonder
if they'll like crack into this thing
but got juice crackers peaches some
granola bars crayons in case it gets
bored and spoon so you can eat the
pieces
yeah I think this is pretty cool I like
that they have something like this
hopefully it doesn't go to waste
hopefully actually it's it so hello
everybody so today I'm getting fit up
what was that
he's not very happy hello yeah is there
a baby in here ah he didn't appreciate
that
but in all honesty you probably wouldn't
want to be yelled at first thing in the
morning - huh karma is freaking out
right now because he can see the clock
flying around our backyard look at this
thing is huge the other Hawks out here
are crazy which is why we need to have
our kitchen sailing fortress because
they will literally slow down to come up
with some change but oh my gosh
all right so my dad was out here earlier
and he says that he put a ladder next to
a tree where there's little baby person
what so we thought baby birds on our
property think it's spring time it's not
but there's a little baby bird oh my
gosh you are going to die this is
amazing oh it's so cute
all right let's check out these birds
just a bunch of birds like who freakin
cares oh my god they're so cute well
they're hungry babe Oh
otherwise I'm gonna feed them no you're
not feeding them Missy you're not
getting involved like you always do
paper is pretty good
oh they're sleeping down there like
you're not mom you know I'm food I don't
care
I think they here Missy going tweets you
tweet cuz now they're like feed me feed
me hey Liv Ollie you guys want to see
baby birdies yes hey UNC - then you want
to see baby birdies yeah yeah let's go
through some baby birdies but you cannot
fight them eh
oh you can't touch them okay guys
because they're really fragile
oh not Hugh Dali yeah
I cannae down Daniel yeah well you guys
see just like you they are Oh
there huh honey they're opening their
mouth - they're hungry Ali's in love
with them
all right let's so Payton really quick
so we're not bothering them for too long
you ready to see some baby birds are you
in your jams uniform that's so cool you
got dance awesome you see the baby birds
yeah my cute hey tree tree tree you see
that night crazy so cool I love that we
can find things like this on our
property you know what I was thinking
but we haven't had a lot of snakes all
here
Jeffrey's like these are my babies all
form on this Fork 2008 is a custom mommy
ah we me and the kids actually out right
now and we're heading into Hobby Lobby
and as you can see and grab a couple
things for school I'm hoping to have
stuff I'm sure they're out those it's
alright the first day for everyone in
the valley over here and the mayor runs
target is very excited about this
because he already had a nap and poor
ollie is sleeping normally if it sounds
like a target I'll am in the big target
shopping cart but the Hobby rolling
carts are actually really tiny so she
may just have to wake up come up hey
okay are you sleeping wow you thanks out
thinking you give me kiss Oh kid you're
so cute all right did you have a nice
nap oh good okay you ready to go
shopping for school can't get over your
budget in the parking lot perfect this
is come here
I'm cold Mama's hand alright so you
didn't get exactly what I wanted but
basically all I grabbed it was this
little square chalkboard it actually is
green behind
it which at first I was a little bummed
like I kind of won to block one I don't
think the green one will look good I
wanted one that was already made so to
say like his name
what great he's going into his teacher
that they can see then to its favorite
color like all those things but I think
I'm enough to do it myself
which is a bummer because I am NOT very
artsy but I think I can make it work and
Brian Brian super good stuff like that
so we can kind of work on it together
and I was hoping that Hobby Lobby would
just like have one pre-made and you just
fill it in but they did it probably
something I should have thought about a
little bit earlier before the day before
school ok now we're on to target oh yeah
I got a strap you in the speech and Finn
is not very happy about it alright so we
are now at Target and one of the things
I need to get here is a fitted sheet
because on some days he might actually
be like nothing not enough time and so
I'm asking them which sheets he likes
and did you like this one yeah yeah this
one's a good one do you like any other
of these it's alright there's a crazy
one you think they're all baby ones yeah
why there's some really cool ones though
that aren't like super babyish no no
like no I don't need a crib sheet they
sleep on like a little cot I can't get
some dice books and you know we can get
you some diapers you want some of those
he has kids odd K kid why sure you don't
need any of those no he does need a crib
sheet for his little cot and he's like
um I'm not a baby anymore but that's
what you didn't get so I really like
this one no it's like feel like it's not
babyish it's just like arrows and it
kind of matches the theme in his room
anyways I think that's what we're going
to get me all right we got all the
goodies and we're ready to go home huh
you think this is a rider something the
shopping trip went very and you're going
to get home to Daddy even working now I
get back
cook dinner and get these boys to bed ok
dad dad dad done the boys are so excited
to get home because they cannot wait to
go check on the baby birdies ah you want
to see the baby they are so smooth huh
see you down all right fins turn ready
good baby
baby uh-huh so cute all right you guys
well Missy is gone at Target I have been
working on the yard we have so many
patches like this and it just drives me
crazy that it's not green it's yellow
and it needs to be green because that's
where the glass goes so I found this
stuff I don't have any of it laying
around it was online called liquid lon
it's an asking on TV product I actually
got to use over here you can tell it's
kind of green and it what it does is it
like seated and now I'm going to just
like watch it for like two weeks and see
if it turns green and matches this one
so that is the goal right here don't
crazy little super gonna what's going on
in the chicken coop oh geez oh this is a
very dirty window like can we do
something about the dirty window this
one is so pretty
which one is this babe is this Elsa
Oh bully did you good she's a bully oh
bullied yeah what were you saying about
who this is every go heck yeah Hana
she's got white penis she may be a he we
might have a problem on our hands you
guys she's like so in tune with her
birth so adorable Ariel uh-huh and no
her feathers are definitely different
chicken oh no mad hey Gris I don't way
from missing your chickens don't like me
what I missed returns like today's you
like it look she's like laying on her
side Oh Ariel home town
Krewella baby Krewella baby can show me
what's new in the world of fashion oh I
love this one she says yeah yeah no
we're looking yeah yeah yeah very slim
feathers ball ball not afraid to touch
it oh oh what is just chillin all it's
like when she's on top of the mountain
with the stones and she's like see I
want every night on top of Panza still
man yeah oh this one is so cute you
can't get a thermal energy up here oh
he's like oh my god again
yeah I'm such a good mama you really are
babe it's such a good mama - these
tickets what can I say except you up go
come on mallanna uh yeah mo wanna thank
you is literally my nicest check oh
she's like super sweet husband's and
today she was born yeah how Q would it
be if he got to meet her the voice of
Moana hi know if she got to meet our
Moana Disney chick yes she really is
kill me and like
goes off like even softer than the court
please yeah
what are you doing kiddo doing your cool
moves on each chin yelled dinner why are
you so cool bro another man oh yeah I'm
gonna hit him with it let's get another
one
oh that's almost like Lady gaga
yours Oh buddy all right dude the
Doughty Joe did a Mama's gonna get mad
at me
Missy's calling him to e and he wants to
play with his toy I love you buddy
well right you guys I think that's about
it for our vlog today we're gonna put
these kiddos to bed and get some
relaxing time but I hope you guys
enjoyed this video be sure to give it a
thumbs up woo touch the sky justice guys
thanks for watching guys we'll see you
manana hey Finn can he do the by boobs
alright he wants to be on the horse when
he says his by poop are you ready say
bye say bye and then oh she's gonna
pretty dark so Ollie was having a little
first day jitters for tomorrow I really
just want to take my protector okay
thank you
and there's mama okay sorry baby
oh she's freaking out she's reading a
letter final edge always a nine a
birthday Mine That Bird is good okay
let's go
well there you have it that was yet
crazy exclusive bonus extra for this
good night guys alright
