what oh my gosh dude who wherever you
are that's what ever wanna be locked up
inside
you never don't get funny
trusting you
I'm Trevor
yeah - you say good morning to me oh
honey look who's home we got ready today
and button first of all are you from me
and Papa yeah we went to breakfast and
now we're just back home let me just
clean up the house for a little boo-boo
I don't know if we actually told you
guys what happened but he he like fell
really gently and just kind of like
bronzed his head on this mess and like
barely even cried it didn't even bleed
it was like a little red mark and over
the course of like two hours it's rated
risk AB and then he picked it so now it
looks kind of yucky yeah it is Sunday
and we're just come I don't know what
we're going to do today we're kind of
just having a fun day with the boys and
hanging out and spending time with them
because still EGH life has been a little
bit busy the past couple days so we're
just going to play probably go something
I actually have been really missing it
for you go swimmin boys today yeah what
yeah while we show him your car it's a
red Lego car huh so I'm thinking sitting
down for an na P we've been doing this
for a while now ever since we got back
from Vegas I've been putting him down
because I'm meeting see he's starting
better say what's going on oh yeah nap
you want to take a nap yeah do that he's
been doing so good with his napping and
his Baba movie has superhero book you
want to read about that man
what okay let's read about Batman K well
well look at their they are not cool
mmm-hmm who is that oh no not that man
he only knows Batman
thanks Batman there he is huh yeah
uh-huh
oh yeah he's been doing so good with his
sleep schedule you guys so I'm taking
one nap a day later in the day now
normally naps for at least two hours he
puts himself to sleep he doesn't when he
goes to bed - it's so amazing just to
get because of huge strides lately in
his sleep so we're hoping that it keeps
up and hopefully not going to weather
doesn't change but if we can keep it up
we can transition him to a regular bed
and might actually do it with oli how
cool would that be
let us know in the comments below if you
think oli and Finn should share it room
because I think I'd be the cutest thing
ever and Ali's room is way big enough
for both of them so we can definitely do
something in that I'd be really cool you
tired want to take a little nap Clara no
way you want a nap right there okay
goodnight push your ice full time that's
right guys it is time to get in the pool
there are two days left of summer
vacation did you know that today and
tomorrow those are your last two days
for summer break until you start school
we had an amazing summer though you guys
please click the icon in the corner to
check out our summer playlist of all the
amazing things we did this summer we had
an absolute blast hanging in the pool
and soaking up the Sun but it's not over
yet because we're going to hop in the
pool right
hey dude you got your floaties on and
your swim trunks on you're ready to hop
in the Bluff town Oh a shark
so the key makes our cargo
always going to try and hit the right on
karma
we have had the chillest Sunday it's
actually been amazing the kids the state
dinner now they're having a little
dessert we've been so rebellious today
we gives a
breakfast and we've just been like
playing hooky with our boys yeah they -
OH
jakka cake leftover cake from yesterday
well they're so happy you're gonna do a
play together whole world you guys have
been so good just watching a little TV
hanging out it's actually almost bedtime
at least for Finn for sure it's been
very nice Sunday my hair is crazy
- got a shower I didn't do anything with
it so that's how lazy was Sunday alright
you guys almost ready for bed no more
sleep till school - more Olli what do
you think about that
he's a all girl
oh gosh dude who then you I'll use a
magic potion
whoa people they've never done this
before you guys I'm literally just
following them with a camera right now
observing them play together trying to
stay far away so they don't get
distracted I love it I love our boys
and I think you got it double five good
who really won you guys you decide let
us know down below in the contest
that's all for today's video you guys I
hope you enjoyed it every day be sure to
give it a thumbs up boy
can we thumbs up shall we thumbs up
thumbs up thanks for watching guys
please like subscribe yes make sure you
subscribe check out the link down below
for our giveaway we're running we will
see you manana alright whoa which you
boys is going to do the bye boo which
one battle for the bicep supply Brooks
at all
you
