Brian just brought in some ice bucket
with in the bucket Oh bucket how little
longer there look how long of it yeah I
don't even think you can tell so it was
a big guys I mean those I mean it
literally wherever you are that's where
ever wanna be
bigger on top inside
fucking your dog coming on to you
I am
come - ever
me come on Evan comin through
piano for us morning Bacolod you are
tune my DB house with more start kids
good morning my beautiful amazing wife
not only is she doing dishes she built
this entire Lego battling herself get
you a girl that can do both you guys
look at dishes Lego batwing she can mow
the lawn to you guys today we have a
very fun and exciting day it's going to
be a busy day we are filming for a brand
new intro here on youtube.com slash
daily bumps and we're also throwing a
little shindig later for a couple of our
friends so just gonna be hanging out
chill casual hang out kids are screaming
off let's go see what they're up to and
then turned on the metronome hang on
hang on hang on that's just true doesn't
work anymore it's broken
Nadia Malik I hear they're watching The
Voice or she's a dragon oh you're the
dragon okay they are keeping the boys
company Jeffrey's helping me set up this
green screen things are happening you
guys for those of you who know we did a
new intro last year it kind of gotten a
little stale because Finn was at this
point where he like was really really
young he looked like a baby and he was
bald so we're like okay someone's
obviously not going to last for more
than a year so we're shooting another
one today and it's going to be even
cooler I guarantee you guys were of an
antique quite a bit honestly Missy I
believe getting hair and makeup done in
here with Michelle how's it going babe
do you realize we did this like a year
ago
was it like that
well yeah the the last intro came out
end of July so we're pretty close
thanks 10 he's getting beautiful
I don't know how into it he is really he
always does like playing in your makeup
city are you ready for a new intro his
hair is super curly
Tenley comics
so we're all done filming for the intro
everything went so good oli I got the
most usable footage out of your shop you
are such a good kid in front of the
camera
we even got him Deborah Harris hey oli
mommy and daddy's taught you how to dab
ha do it can you dab how do you do it
close remember there you go this one
here this one straight and then this one
covers your face
dab all right put him down I'm down now
opt up damn ha ha ha he's dried she's a
little rusty we were all hanging out by
my good ol cactus but still is uh does
not have a name they're pretty certain
that this little thing is not a butt and
it's something from another plant
yeah that's early but what is that you
see it's got conscious and on that oh no
ha ha I trim all the main edges of it is
it still sharp
definitely not as sharp this thing is so
sharp I go oh that's my cactus is
defense system what if we end up
planting him in the wild and he can't
defend himself
it's like when you D clock hot here
operation this type of cactus - you can
actually get water from inside of it
what break a wall I'm if you're destined
for the zombie apocalypse axis like no
at all you know in the comments I'm
pretty sure that's the cactus you can
actually get water from interesting
Missy
stop trimming my crusher so nice once
you do it like what your cutie is not
gonna kill I love this cactus I'm just
being a grown-up it might get a little
taller yeah
hey Karma hey little girl how you guys
doing out here dogs are playing and I'm
coming out to go check on the chickens
actually haven't gathered any eggs in a
few days so I'm hoping there's a lot
good money my kicking
oh yeah we got lots and lots of egg how
are you guys doing everyone getting
along good no one's fighting to fill up
your food the chicks are getting so big
it's so crazy
lots of eggs wow that is a lot of eggs
you want to take one good job I'll get
the rest okay here actually just give me
back the egg and you close it kay thanks
bud
honestly every single time I gather eggs
I usually lose at least one sometimes
two especially if the kids are helping
me take them up they usually drop one
and it cracks and breaks however better
if I had to take them off maybe I'll try
and gather them in my little shirt or
something chicken they're doing good
they're happiest indeed and got food and
water happy chicken alright I've got all
my eggs and the boys are like with the
head mama wanna take them in it doesn't
help when Lunas like on them and so they
end up dropping them too so we clean out
all this carry them all
where does Allah go did you check the
closet where is he
no mama oh not up there we are playing a
very intense game of hide-and-seek our
tree fence
mama is tagging yes you guys are
counting right you did your counting
okay fine mama I think she's in the
living where is she where did mama go no
not behind here No
and starting soon do the dog oh boy how
to go to all right let's go get you
brother behind us I'll find your brother
he's not as usual hiding spot where do
you think he has been then actually
might be a good person to follow to find
Olly because he is Kenan here he's in
here he's like you think he's not but
you actually might still be in there
okay all right then where else do you
think he is where else to be tidy okay
Taizo nothing to see in here then check
here Oh what Ollie in there Oh nope
you're embarking got you got the boys
right now I'm heading into ours is to
pick up a couple of peeps that we
ordered oh and I'll just clean this
banana out that we just ate on the way
here sound good we are having a little
party for Jeffrey and Carolyn like
husband
oh good tracker here perfect so we
ordered them some cake I'm going to pick
that up and a few other goodies and then
run did you poop oh I like boobs
ah alright we've got all our goodies and
we've got kids look at that one that
one's Geoffrey's and there's a sprinkle
one down there Bell so if you later and
we need three bags of ice and rock
let's go Ellie got all our stuff that I
ready to party right all right you guys
Missy and the boys are back in we are
getting ready for our pop-up birthday
party pulling in a pop-up birthday party
because it basically popped up overnight
uh-oh yeah ha because you and Carolyn
have the same birthday which by the way
you guys didn't see all these birthday
blogs
I'll have the playlist linked in the
icon in the corner so much fun huh yeah
he's like I remember you want this this
is a cake for Terrell and we are
celebrating our cousin Carolyn tonight
because her birthday is the same day as
Ali's so she comes got like stomped all
over well I just finished putting these
little words on they were supposed to
put a pink bow on the cake
which was going to make it like girly
but then they didn't so it was kind of
boring so I put her name underneath that
with these ooh
smellin minty over here we got fresh
mint yeah yeah tonight and then over
here we have Jeffrey's setup so this is
like the boy birthday I know this is
super funny and this is kind of being a
little cheesy because we don't really
use it for adults worth a party okay so
but we have like glowstick straws
there's Jeffrey's cake and we got some
chips also we're celebrating Jeffrey
because his birthday is in the middle of
the month it always gets forgotten and
he wanted to be somehow weaseled his way
into celebrating it earlier I don't know
how he does it oh yeah we met in the
middle my gosh okay there we go boy
interesting girl you're really going to
put those on them yes all right because
we are having a little party tonight
oli thought it would be fun to go to the
night with Nene huh you mean pop-up
that's not good we're packing this back
up right now it'd be to stay here
because he's fine he'll just go to bed
but yeah so let's see what packing we've
got some pajamas I've got socks
yep we're going to pack it all in his PJ
masks backpack we've got underwear and
an outfit for tomorrow I just gotta grab
his shoes and then he's got he picked
all these three books for me to read out
for the night before preschool the
dinosaurs were here which actually is a
pretty
oh it's not on called it's called what
the dinosaurs did last night and it's
actually a pretty stinkin cute book and
then to Ragan's love chocos which is
such a cool book I love it
yeah and you've got this toothbrush and
toothpaste is there anything else we're
missing what do you think
yeah I think that's everything huh all
right so let's pack it up okay
all right we've got his clothes I got
two shoes we put his toothbrush
toothpaste and books in it it's already
okay
I'm gonna put it on then hope system
only got one hand right now all right
carry on me to your backpack so cute I
love it
who's on your backpack yeah
and headquarters very cool you're gonna
stay with mom I can't remember specific
so we're getting ready for the party
right now and Bryan just brought in some
ice bucket with a bucket Oh bucket how
we roll over there look how long have
you I don't even think you can tell
photos of the big guys I mean those I
make it literally 14 inches I mean from
that time that oh my god wow that is a
fuckin snake oh my cousin ain't just
gonna walk away now catarrh it don't
feel me not that not always happy that
is that my size the body with you may
give a clergyman's head and casually
oh look at this thing move wow so cool
huh
you
