morning
good morning look who's home Ali's dead
have you been using my Star Wars blanket
while I was gone
yeah that's okay does it smell like me
it smells like that huh
so I actually just got back from a trip
to San Francisco I had some meetings
with YouTube which was so amazing I am
so honored to be able to be invited to
something like that and just to be able
to like explore the building and talk to
people got a lot of really great
discussions and it was really really
neat so huge thanks to Google and
YouTube for having me out because that
was amazing it wasn't really anything I
could blog so I wasn't able to do that
per se but it was still cool to get to
go and like experience it but now I'm
home
did you miss me yeah I've never had a
trip like that where it was like an
overnight flight like I was literally
gone for I think less than 24 hours so
I'm pretty exhausted and I want to do
what this kid is doing and just chill on
the couch all day huh hey Finn do you
want a surprise yeah daddy got you guys
a surprise Ollie do you want a surprise
what do you think it is look at they all
break that they're like oh what so I
have made a kind of a thing that
whenever we leave the boys I always like
to get them a little present so I got
them a little present
all right sit down boys you ready okay
there's one in there for you too UK what
is it not just any car yeah
it's the Aquaman car see do you like it
that'd be cool to add to your Hot Wheels
collection huh pretty cool - whoa Ali
you're opening it you can do it buddy
so this is the Aquaman mobile that's
exciting
you're welcome buddy
you're welcome saying I love you guys I
missed you all right what you can do
wait what are you throwing all right try
again don't throw it so high oh okay
well we're tech giant oh that was so
close dude
then can you do it okay try to throw it
up and catch in your mouth I don't know
where to go all right all you want to
see how it's done okay it's got a fruit
snack throw it up come here Finn come
here I'll show you okay watch this okay
you do it
oh you are so cute
well good morning guys I am home after
such a fun ride me and Kelsey actually
went out on a ride with my trainer
instructor and like the person who's in
charge of the barn and we had such a fun
time it was just so fun I didn't
actually vlog it Kelsey did though and
she got a ton of really cool and fun
footage she was super nervous about
actually going out on the trails and
stuff she did an awesome job so you guys
should definitely go check their channel
out steps - under the wander family go
check it out up there and go subscribe
if you're not but yeah we had such a fun
time we were out for like we probably
trailed for almost two hours hour and a
half and it was just such a boss like
I'm obsessed with it upset I just had
such a cool time
out with my horse I just love I love my
horse if you guys don't know I'm just
sticking with nacho I really really
wanted to change his name and I've like
had like some really good options in the
end I was like everyone just calls him
nacho like I'm sure I'll be getting more
horses if he ends up being my forever
horse or a horse I have forever it's
fine but I think I'll definitely end up
getting a different horse as well and
that one maybe I'll name but I think his
name is nacho there's no point in
changing it everyone calls nacho his
name's not Joe it's I'm over it how'd it
really fun really really fun morning
we're all gonna be pretty sore at least
Kelsie and me are gonna probably be
pretty sore but oh my goodness that
rooster yeah I've just been hanging out
now I'm probably gonna try and relax on
the couch for a little bit while Finn is
taking a nap so today has been kind of a
luggage Jamie and Brian kind of like to
play with the boys they really wanted to
go on this but this kind of take two
people and Brian's getting ready for the
day right now kind of I came up with a
plan so he's got the little tails
wrapped around here I'm gonna run down
there when I say go you're gonna let go
of that grab onto that and they'll catch
you okay you ready here we go
Finn are you gonna catch ollie okay
Ready Set let go hold on oh my goodness
so close you couldn't seem to grab on to
this win time huh at least you didn't
get hurt huh haha my plan didn't work I
think if he could just somehow let go of
the rope and grab on doing it sometimes
it would work right all right new plan
we've got it here all I see is lists of
his fingers and then he'll go okay let's
try it again
stay there
all right Finn March out but come here
all right let go with your fingers oh
it's all begun it's not gonna work you
let go with his fingers and now it's
just stuck
we're getting closer okay at least you
didn't fall off right all right so going
through this we could get caught with
going through this now we'll try that
okay here we go three two one go you did
it perfect good job
so proud of you myself coming up with
that plan and no one got hurt in the
process
all right boys I had an idea do you want
to hear that his idea I thought we could
use my handy-dandy new telescope and
look for aliens
hmm lovely cool so cool
the only problem is is I am NOT mr.
anima and I don't know how this called
the star sense and what it is it's like
a camera that I guess I'm out on to my
telescope and then this like looks at
the sky and it aligns the telescope this
piece the finder so that I could swap it
out with the new one interesting we've
been trying to get this thing to work
for a few days now and my guys like I
just got to get this data
yeah do it all even my dad's tried to
figure it out this thing's complicated
huh yeah it's all right
all right I think I have everything set
up but I can't actually align the
telescope until tonight when the sky is
up so I'm gonna have to wait till stars
are out and then align this thing and
see if we can see anything
we raised up the legs a little too so
it's a little easier to look in oh I can
see the blue sky nice I'm pretty sure
this is the best place for viewing too
because we have such a great view of the
sky
it's just right outside our courtyard so
hoping we see some cool stuff but for
now I think we are headed to an early
dinner with Kelsey and Corbin to a new
Mexican place all right boys what do you
want for dinner quesadilla what about
you fin burrito so we just got home from
dinner and I just got done cleaning up a
giant mess on the floor oh look some
still there got to pick that up yeah we
came home to a total disaster
karma chameleon would you like to
explain yourself all of you why you look
so happy sit sit
karma tell me the truth did you go
through the trash can and get all the
trash out did you he's like oh no oh no
I'm in trouble
sit sit did you go in the trash did you
do it hmm tell the truth tell the truth
yes you did and I went ahead and
actually checked the nest cam footage
because I've got a spy karma you can't
get away with anything and I was able to
see exactly who did it although I will
say Luna was actually outside doing the
time so there wasn't really you know
much to go is when you know exactly who
got in the trash hmm so here's that
footage right now
what do you have to say for yourself we
started off we saw you do it he's like
so happy he literally doesn't care at
all he's like I got in the church and
I'm so happy I'm so happy I got in the
trash oh it actually is very frustrating
but I will say it was kind of my fault I
do usually leave him inside but I don't
normally have this open and it was like
cracked like that and so yeah usually
that's closed so I guess you know I did
tempt you a little bit but you should
know better karma you're our old man now
you know better as long as he doesn't
teach Luna his bad habits I don't think
you got anything dangerous though there
was nothing like food wise then he could
have gotten like he could have eaten
there kind of got in trouble but just
had to clean and mop and do all the
things
naughty boy so I'm pretty sure Missy
just told you guys about what we came
home to with the dogs there was one
other incident that happened that we
also caught on camera and then we'll
share that with you right now yeah so my
poor telescope took such a nasty fall
and the first time we watched the
footage we thought it was the wind
I thought oh my gosh it's just too windy
it actually blew it over but then we saw
Luna was actually having the cords in
her mouth so Luna was basically pulling
on this and the entire thing came
crashing down can I tell you how upset I
am
how upset Missy is she gave me this
amazing gift for my birthday and I feel
like we were so close to finally
figuring it out and then disaster
happened but I'll show you so basically
this is the damage so it's pretty banged
up right there but actually I think this
lip protected this glass which is nice
everything pumped out all over the place
batteries everywhere but probably the
biggest damage is right here yeah so
this base now as you can tell like
there's a separation right there
that's not supposed to happen and it
doesn't turn anymore and then also that
new camera that I bought to auto-align
it fell broke the base of it this thing
is a camera so I'm not sure how much it
really agrees with hitting the concrete
at that much force but like looking
through here I don't see any noticeable
damage so hopefully this is that least
salvageable yeah super super bombs
that's my telescope just got destroyed
and I wasn't even able to use that so
excited - I really wanted to show ollie
like a planet and a star like I think
the boys would just love it but that's
where we're at with the talk
rotten rotten luck today that's what
that is all my babies are your momma's
baby yeah yeah are you mama's baby
why so much these boys are cuddling me
all day haven't you
it's time for nine nice anyways guys we
are all cuddling tonight and I think
we're gonna go ahead and end today's
video so we can read books and go to bed
huh good night nice yeah on that in your
bed hey guys I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video make sure you give it a
big thumbs up jump in and we will see
you guys tomorrow for another funds
allow are you ready Polly ready are you
okay
array1 cutie pie
