all right bin is climbing in his Wilding
whoa
you could spin around just like mama
look at them in their matching Wild
Thing wherever you are that's where I
wanna be all that big blue on top it
just so cute how come your dog coming
all our checks again
with me good morning good morning boys
how's it going what are you eating Froot
Loops nice the boys are getting a good
breakfast in - how's it going buddy who
are you eating cereal like a big boy he
hasn't quite grasped how to fit into his
mouth without getting milk and cereal
everywhere good morning good morning
good morning guys and happy Monday we
are actually getting ready for a trip
which I'm very excited about this week
it's our anniversary tomorrow so
actually you're watching this on
anniversary and then so excited nine
years guys nine years but I'm checking
on the chickens let's go take a look
hello good I have 12 chickens another
hot chicken like a lot of chicken I
might end up having to get rid of some
especially the ones that tend to be like
mean but some of the chicks might be
roosters as well so I'm not going to get
rid of any too soon because it's like
three or four turn out to be like mean
roosters and I'd have to get rid of
three or four so these are all the older
chicks or chickens this one and this one
are the ones I got from Craigslist they
are mean mean chickens
those are my chicks right there they're
getting so big guys it's almost hard to
tell which ones are the chicken which
ones are the and I kind of wonder if
that one's a research as you can see
like that tail right there you kind of
look like a rooster so one of my Shh is
getting beat up on and it's actually
that gray one right there who is so
pretty and so gorgeous basically she all
beat up underneath her rings yeah she's
not going to really let me show you I
want to stress her out but basically
those two mean chickens have been
pecking her so bad that she is bloody
underneath her wings I feel so bad I
just don't know what to do I guess she's
just like the lowest one on the pecking
order which is a very nor
thing for chickens but I just don't know
what to do I kind of want to get rid of
them to mean chicken but I know it's
then because I just I don't want them
like hurting my chicks like I just love
my chicks to death and they're being so
mean to her anyways that's my story I
feel really bad I know you guys can't
really tell but it's a very pretty sight
I'm just gonna have my parents keep an
eye on them because they'll be staying
here and make sure that they don't get
too much trouble or too badly hurt while
I'm gone all right boys are watching
poohbear you guys like Pooh Bear yeah
yeah you don't like honey he made that
very clear he does not like honey but
Cooter's pretty cool huh me and Bryan
have a college um pond so I'm hoping
they're good we'd normally plan our
meetings during nap time
bourbon but Finn has been going to bed
later and sleeping a lot better so we
have a meeting today and he's not going
to dig a nap he wants to read a book
right now so we have a caller jump on
I'm hoping he does good luck he
definitely seems ready for a nap but I
figured up that he does better if I just
hold out for like a few more hours hours
a long time so we'll see maybe we'll
read that book before our call okay are
you guys going to be good for Mama lower
on the call okay he's like no not really
you're gonna be the tickle monster this
time okay Oh me okay all right phone
call is done and the boys were so good
they just played and read books and they
were watching a movie sometimes we get
on calls and that's when all hell breaks
loose so we actually just bought a new
lawnmower because we didn't have one
and apparently it drives just like a
wild thing guys so cool bed
my lady all right finish climbing in his
wild thing whoa you can spin around just
like mama look at that in their matching
wild thing
all right Ollie it's BattleBots
time on a scale of one to ten how
excited are you I knocked him out with
fun you guys yeah we saw this BattleBots
arena and I was like oh my gosh this is
my childhood right here I used to watch
the show all of the time and they have
cool little hex bugs robots so Ollie
this is going to be your controller okay
you are controlling the tombstone which
is a really cool robot with a spinning
blade in front okay I am going to be
controlling the witch doctor and there's
a certain number of panels on each robot
all you paying attention
Wow okay so there's a certain number of
panels on each one they're magnetic so
the goal is to get all the break all the
panels off of the other BattleBots
pretty cool you ready and show them the
hammer ollie
he's so excited about the hammer if my
bot ollie if my bot goes under here you
can smash it with a hammer okay but
watch out because I got a hammer on my
side too so I'll be doing it too if you
get over there okay
who do you thinks gonna win mmm we shall
see with an epic battle bots dad vs. son
ready
wait you know how to turn on your weapon
alright turn on your weapon my eggo and
three two one
oh oh oh nice you're up up up that all I
get getting it daddy provide all you
broke another piece off Mike you're
underneath it I escaped narrowly reality
get daddy innum round one has ended and
preacher I want because I got all of
your sensors all your things off K so
let's rebuild your battle box which is
super easy you're going still going now
my weapon these are just magnetic so
they just pop right back on pretty fun
yeah I say we switch box with pancake
all right Ellie you got the witch doctor
this time do you think he's better than
the tombstone yeah all right I guess
we'll find out
he does seem heavier and bulkier three
two what oh wow okay call yours is
better
Holly you want you taking all my robe
off honey there you go all right
Holly has had enough of the robot
carnage and we are bringing in Jim Bob
Julis doctor I think he's got this under
control whoa don't worry bro oh wow
leaving the arena ladies and gentlemen
oh my my come on
oh no your Papa did you make em up oh
yeah look get on this you get your mind
right yeah now I want
oh my god this is insane
are using it on that's it oh wow
which doctor laughs nifty this teeth and
I'm pretty sure there's one over here
put this foot for the way over that
that's what's inside that's another one
all righty and now mrs. turn husband
versus wife not a grounder weapon yeah
exactly only compound words right
apparently the tombstone sucks yeah I
think these things are really fragile if
some pops up a lot but they have two
more robots looking yet Oh hard alright
sit is going for it you sit in it just
like he does on the wild thing it's not
funny Holly are you guys battling now I
think he's controlling that one actually
Ben loves these little battle bot gym
how are you school did you have a fun
day
yeah it's getting late we had super uber
fun me and Brian actually getting ready
for a trip we're gonna be leaving pretty
soon and I'm very much looking forward
to that so we're going to put the kids
to bed I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video though make sure you give it a big
thumbs up if you did and we'll see you
guys tomorrow
hey all you want to see if I poop
you
