who what are you doing then are you
supposed to be standing up there
with me
the morning school boy are you ready for
school
yup we're headed out of the house right
now yep he was what she kept in her
pants and eaten his breakfast but now
it's time for schools we go get in the
car okay
we were actually both eating breakfast
on the run today I put his over that he
hadn't finished in the car and I'm gonna
have to finish mine in the car as well
because we are in a bit of a hurry we're
not too far behind schedule I don't
think we'll be late at all they have it
breakfast in the car how's that ollie
all right we're headed into school you
excited today another fun day ahead of
you yep and I'm just excited because I
actually remembered the camera today and
just like that I've dropped me off at
school and he is always so happy to be
dropped off like it's never like a
struggle he always just gives me a kiss
and a hug and then off he plays I think
he loves hanging out with the other kids
I think he actually loves his teacher
which I do - she's so sweet and such a
like caring nice person she always like
says hi Oliver and gives him a big hug
which is really cute and then today I
picked up his little sharing bag and
next week he'll he'll pick out a few
toys to share with his class that start
with the letter A so that's kind of
exciting anyways I'm really excited that
I probably camera today because I can't
tell you how many clips I have on my
phone over the past like week honestly
because I've been forgetting the camera
every time I drop off Ollie every time I
leave the house without Brian which I've
been leaving the house a lot without him
we've just been kind of like busy and
that so I've been recording things on my
phone and then I forget to upload them
and like send them to him and I
sometimes don't even tell him that I did
it there's so much good footage on my
phone that you guys haven't seen because
I haven't remembered to upload them and
I feel so ridiculous like ridiculous I
forgot probably every single day that
I've dropped him off at school which is
kind of a big deal like I love
like showing his outfits and showing how
cute he is going into his classroom and
you guys haven't seen that footage good
I keep forgetting to put it up so
hopefully that's over and I can just
remember to bring my camera from now on
but I'm actually headed to the gym right
now I've got my personal trainer this
morning and I'm looking forward to it
I'm definitely still in a lot of pain
from two days ago and then last night I
went to the gym as well and I ran like
the longest I've ever ran before and I'm
in a lot of pain but no pain no gain
right hopefully I don't like break
anything hopefully I don't tear anything
but I think I'm doing good I actually
feel really good right now so let's head
to the gym good morning guys today is
kind of a sad day I honestly didn't even
see something like this coming but I'm
so frustrated and it's seriously such a
bummer as you guys know we put in a
brand new pool in our backyard if you
guys have not seen that video I'll put a
card in the corner so you can watch we
remodeled our entire pool and it's
beautiful and it's so much fun but the
past couple of weeks ever since they
filled it actually we've noticed that
the pool filler has been running
constantly so it's been constantly
filling the pool and I was thinking you
know it's summertime it's hot it's
obviously the water is evaporating but
clearly there is a leak and I am just
flabbergasted at what is in our backyard
right now you guys I'm gonna show you
because it's so sad I don't even know
what to do with myself
it's such a huge bummer so we had a leak
detection people out they found the leak
we have people over now and they are
basically attempting to fix the leak
look at what is happening to our
brand-new pool you guys super bummed
giant hole it's kind of like we're
building another pool next to the pool
oh my gosh
look at all this soaking wet from the
leak dang the pool has been off for a
couple days - so it's starting to get
all gross so sad you guys
Missy's dad is over there talking to the
contractors they basically said that
they need to leave it completely torn
apart at least until next week to make
sure there's no other leaks I'm just so
bummed because we used a very popular
company out here for this they normally
do very good work but we've been dealing
with so many little issues like this and
now the pool is completely torn apart
for who knows how long so bummer he-she
a bummer I don't even know if we can
actually swim in the pool we'll have to
see if we can swim in the pool because
the boys are gonna be so sad
hey babe you ready to see the pool
that's so bad that is a mess what are we
gonna do this is our life it's just
literally it feels like this but this
property is just one thing after another
I know but the good news is that we at
least found the problem one of them yeah
yeah I'm glad that they found this one
but I'm just hoping there's no more you
know I told you I told you there's
nothing going on that pool all he's
gonna be so sad no they have to leave
this open until at least next week
did you out well no just to see if
that's the only one yeah whoo what are
you doing then
are you supposed to be standing up there
no no you playing with a little
succulent let's put that back come here
come here come here silly boy he has
been climbing and jumping from
everything haven't you
it's good we are going on a little
shopping adventure so I'm cool yeah so
we have been running errands all
afternoon it has been so hot out and now
it's actually raining it's a huge storm
like yeah Missy's mom and dad were at
our house today and they literally said
it instantly went from hot weather to
pouring rain my mom and dad's house
yesterday yeah it was crazy like it is
weird brother like 20 degrees it's
rising but now we are going to pick up
oli excited Finn this might be the first
time he's ever smell asleep done hi
buddy did you get a good nap yeah sup
buddy I missed you so all he was just
telling us all about what he did in
school today huh do you want to tell him
what what you did
numbers so what number did you learn
about today - swimming with your fingers
- that's right
fins gonna be - huh that's his next
birthday he'll be 2 years old and and
year four yes that is true
he has been loving school so much and
it's such a cool thing to see and I love
that he got like a little hour nap today
he got an hour now he doesn't even get
that on home
you guys need out that at school and
we're driving home right now and there's
crazy thunderstorms in front of us I
think they're right at our house it's
like lightning everywhere all of that
right there see that dark cloud that is
a huge storm coming in right now
so we just got home from picking up Olli
and there was so much traffic it was
kind of a crazy Drive we ended up and
friend came over this is crystal our
photographer his kids and they're all
hanging out and crystal is over not for
a photo shoot yeah there you're gonna
watch a movie
not for a photo shoot this time this
time she's hanging up some of the
amazing photos that she's taken in the
past we basically picked out a ton of
awesome photos that we like love and we
want to like actually see them and so
we're lining this wall with humongous
photos I mean what how bigger these are
these three feet there's three feet
they're huge
like that is a ginormous picture of
volume fin and a ginormous picture of
the family and a very large photo of me
swimming underwater I'm not sure how I
feel about this one right now I helped
Brad pick them out but when I saw that
one I was like wait a sec it's hanging
on my wall I don't know about that one
but no it's I was very excited and kind
of cool we're just slowly been trying to
decide what we want to do with that
hallway and we finally like figured it
out and we're so excited to see it all
put together so she's happy let's put it
up and you're excited about it right
hallways has been blamed I know yeah and
the previous owner had some really cool
photos and we kind of loved that idea so
finally our getting it done I'm sorry
buddy
the pool is broken yeah bummer I think
we can swim in it actually yes but we
had some Lightning so probably not soon
maybe tomorrow okay yeah they've dug a
big big hole look at all that water from
that little rainstorm we had to
all right you guys it's finally done
we're gonna show it to you now I am so
excited this wall this hallways been so
empty for so long and now it's full of
these amazing photos that crystal took
look at this it's like our whole life
story right here in our hallway yeah
right so neat if you guys want to watch
any of the photo shoot vlogs with
Krystal I'll have a link in the iCard so
you can watch other playlists oh yeah we
have the dogs too
yes we have a nice little dog spot over
here Ollie hey that's not what we do to
the new pictures okay
look at that she is and I love that
picture of Ollie in karma it's just like
a boy and his dog you know
you guys finally bedtime but I just had
to say one last thing the all these
photos are just some of our favorite
like life moment
always them but they're just
pictures that like we don't have to
change out like they just mean so much
to us love you too that like they're
just huge life moments that we like
always want to remember and there's no
reason that we would need to like switch
about of course we can if they really
wanted to but now it's getting late it
is almost time for bed we're gonna read
some books did you pick some out for
momma to read oooh all kinds of bugs oh
yeah we've been reading the captain on
your parents both this is a good one
this is a good one for sure and this one
is actually from Jessica Ballinger and
we love reading this one huh from the
Ballinger family but anyways I'm
actually coming down with something I'm
getting kind of sick I've got like this
stuffy nose which that's the boys have
has kind of a runny nose the past few
days but I'm like oh I feel like all up
in here and definitely an achy body
which is probably from working out oh
there's one thing I want to show you
from these pictures this one is such
it's one of our favorites and you can
even see the little droplets from my
tears it's even one on my nose I don't
know if you guys can see it in this
light I did well you guys know that
Holly and Finn did a really cute video
on my sister's Channel and peas channel
so Cassie huh yeah give me your toy yeah
they opened up a bunch of toys and
played with them and they were so cute
you guys will definitely have to go
check it out it's linked up here make
sure you go subscribe while you're there
she makes really awesome fun videos and
sometimes the boys are in them and
they're always adorable so anyways make
sure you go check that out and make sure
you go subscribe but for now we're gonna
end the video can you give this video a
thumbs up oh thank you and we'll see you
guys tomorrow what do you say bye to
you
