and Finn is looking at me.i in my cherry
best thing ever right wherever you are
that's what ever wanna be big blue top
inside
just one around
coming all shut again
good morning boys Dave what our boys
eating for breakfast yeah it's Saturday
morning which means cookies for
breakfast here's the thing you guys
ollie is starting school like in a week
this is going to be his last week of
freedom after this weekend so we are
just trying to spoil this little boy let
him have the best summer ever right
going to go to another waterpark we
should try to go another water bunch
sure yeah the boys are matching in their
rags to riches love these things they
look cute we're all dressed and ready
for the day this morning we are headed
out to the farmers market in Old Town we
rarely get to make this and even when we
leave now where am I going to get to be
like 30 minutes out of seven we're going
to go to hotel let's go say let's go
nice fish check it out you guys got my
first bloom on these gold lilies waiting
to see all of these open up like crazy
here probably today I'm going to give
them a good spray before we leave
hey oli is this a car or a kitty cat
look at this car hunt i yeah
so we actually ended up grabbing a ton
of nice new fresh succulents from the
farmers market I even found a pot of
fresh lavender which is really rare so I
grabbed it and I was headed to the car
to go put it in button if he has a key
so she's government Starbucks she's
going to meet me at the car so I can
load up all the plants and then I think
we're going to grab some brunch but I'm
really excited about succulents because
what we've been doing is slowly
replacing all of our fake flowers like
plants fake succulents with real ones
because I really want real plants and
I'm slowly becoming a green thumb - like
water them and like make sure they don't
die that's our up - beautiful day and
old town now it's so nice
all right all are you ready to eat some
food yeah what do you want I'm taking
pancakes well guess what buddy
that pancakes here yay let's go eat
he's still exhausted from the sun's been
walking around the Sun okay ba buddy
then mama boys mana been such a hot day
the boys of fan honor
alright so I ordered a Shirley Chung
Bowl because it sounds so refreshing and
it is and Ben is looking at me I am my
cherry best thing ever right of course
as good as a maraschino cherry it's like
marinated in sugar and syrup let me see
that yummy is it good yes it is so funny
that Olly
in this element is not high and like
yeah yeah yeah seems like you like that
uh Shirley Temple is so refreshing and I
thought I on the way in-game guys I've
never craved like pie but lemon meringue
iPhone program
pancaking it up this mornin a fixed wing
n cafe I really wanted french toast but
then I saw they had a Montecristo so I
got that looks so good
sin are you happy with your order yeah
he loves stop it crazy yummy
all right Ollie what are we gonna do
next he goes just go back this back to
school shopping I can't believe this is
our life yes we are going back to school
well this is like shopping at
back-to-school huh but you were going to
school for the first time next week not
this week
so you several week of summer left but
we have to get prepared there a couple
things we need for school okay are you
excited for school yeah yeah what are
you most excited for about school making
sling yeah I bet you're gonna make lots
of practice good go oh yeah let's do
that
all right because this kid is going to
preschool scene we have a little bit of
a list of things that we need but I'm
gonna let Ollie tell you guys what's on
the list
are you after the job yes - okay granola
bars
all right all you got to pick out a
backpack K which backpack do you want
ooh there's Pokemon I'll look at this
one a smiley faces all over it oh that
is really cool that is really really
cool dude so technically all he doesn't
really need to have a backpack because
it's just preschool but it's kind of
like a rite of passage
buying a new backpack every year huh
yeah yeah look it here just chilling on
my knee aren't you so we're getting them
a backpack but you do need a lunchbox
because sometimes we're gonna pack you a
lunch and you're going to eat us okay
yeah yeah being so receptive to school
right now you guys that's a Barbie one
okay let's find a lunch spot oh that is
a really cool lunchbox actually dude did
you just pick this out yeah
nice fine bro superhero masks on it oh
that's cool too
you
oh we look what I found one with
Dinosaurs on it
do you like that this one is so cute all
right let's see if this cool dinosaur
backpack sticks you ready
oh my gosh hold on your lunch box to God
so cute boy is that great buddy is big
are you ready for school now yeah Ali
check out this dinosaur water bottle oh
my gosh that's pretty cool too huh we'll
put this in your lunch bag okay so you
have fresh aqua
you
all right now that back in school
shopping is done we are at the home
depot we got to get some pots for all of
our new plants that we bought this
morning at the farmers market
to replace all of our fake succulents
with real ones then you want to smell
the flower it is particularly this is a
lavender check that out dude should we
get one of these for in the house dubby
so cool
they're kind of crazy okay well I know
they'll be really good outside huh yeah
I need a lifetime all right we are
leaving Home Depot look at our little
gardener ha ha
we got cool gardening hats you know what
Carl told me these are great hats for
when you're outside and you're filming
and it's so bright
yeah I'm gonna get a couple we've got so
much cool stuff guys we got some pot
Finn would like you to know that he's
hungry
we got lavender for these two pots yeah
we are going to have a plant filled
Sunday looking like tomorrow is going to
be planting day so you've got all this
hopefully we got everything that we
needed I'm kind of a newb when it comes
to being a green thumb we'll see how Go
Go whoa super Olie pose we are now back
home and what did I tell you guys look
I've got one two three four five six
seven eight
lilies blooming now yes these are going
to look so cool
once they're all actually bloomed Home
Depot Hall we got some cool stuff you
guys like I got a cactus which I'm going
to put in this owl pot how cool is that
I've always wanted a cactus in my own so
I got that we have two lavender bushes
we're going to put one in here and one
in here they're small now but they're
going to get a lot bigger these things
are really cool they're called pink
butterflies so those are really cool too
and we got some cool pots we definitely
didn't get enough for all the ones we
have so we got to look around some more
in here we have love some more string
beanie things that we're going to
transplant some more pot and some rocks
for them as well as well some like some
too
I'm excited you guys I think it's going
to look really cool so we're going to
put one lavender in each of these and
see how big we can grow it and then if
it gets too big we might end up
transplanting it in our yard
because that's in the yards where we
want to have a lot of lavender so that
we can like pick it and bring in the
house and stuff and it smells good so
cool day today we had a cool chill day
today okay spider-man butter man you
need to come here what do we got to do
to jump on the day
you did what you do you know what I did
um I react this door yes but for school
yeah yeah oh that's cool baby so now
you'll be ready for school I am yeah all
right well we got to say goodbye to Roy
we have a lunchbox a catgirl one a
cowboy kappa o kappa okay alright well
okay what do they get to do they got to
give a thumbs up right they got a push
the subscribe button alright and then
what do you got to say the way
