what a scorpion that is a live scorpion
you guys but I have to call you got the
hammer look at that stinger come for the
camera the rotten people red
comes around
Oh
morning how's it going big guy
good morning guys oli has school today
so I always get a little bit of
one-on-one time with my buddy Finn we've
been having such a blast this morning
haven't we we've watched boss baby and
this right here is what three bowls of
cereal looks like you can see the
remnants of some raisin bran
some Lucky Charms and some frosted
flakes he's been in all the cereal this
morning you guys he is obsessed and he
also had to have two different spoons I
just got home I dropped all yost which
went amazing he literally is like my mom
he just goes off by himself and I'm like
give me a hug right now and then I went
to the gym and I went and like
worked with a personal trainer and I
almost throw up yeah so I signed up and
I'm gonna go as often as I can so I'm
excited and I am working towards a goal
of mine I don't know if I'll announce
the goal yet especially because if I
don't meet the goal
I don't wanna be will be like wow you
suck basically same kind of idea like
there's a there's a 5k coming up I won't
say when I do really want to do that
hopefully with them too I really just
want to be in a good shape where I'm
like this is so easy and I'm not like
well Kelsey and Corbin alike came in to
where he's gonna have to go it was
really fun and I'm glad we did it and
I'm glad I did it and I'm glad that's
working well into my schedule so that
when I drop off Ollie I can just go and
then I'm back before like really most of
the day it has begun so hopefully I my
motivation continues it's finally time
to go get our we did you lace your
brothers yeah you have those snotty nose
huh yeah yeah don't you guys oh this
whole week is supposed to be miserable
and not the point I would say it missed
you so much
did you miss Finn yeah oh yeah you guys
had to play inside today huh yeah the
fly yeah you're right they basically
were like they're eating inside all week
because it is so scorching hot so which
i think is pretty smart cuz way too hot
to be playing and running around when
you got here he's like I want to do a
tea party with Peyton did you guys get
to do a tea party well what kitty cat
party that that works out Finn bye bye
says bye no we gotta go bye bye
he's like bye leave you gotta come with
mommy in a few years maybe even next
year you'll get to do preschool in our
in a few years I think he's already
wanting to send all it goes huh yeah did
you have fun though you look like you
were having fun
are you learning a method number two and
you colored that all by yourself
yeah so proud of you hey all's lunch
except for a couple of like little
things so easy
on the way home huh hey dude don't just
got back from school and he's in such a
happy mood huh
yeah so what's your teacher teach you at
school today boss applesauce crisscross
applesauce show me how to do it
whoa and that cool yeah all I guess what
we're doing today something so fun so
we're putting up a new flagpole in our
courtyard and if you guys haven't seen
the video where we surprised miss you
with her old flagpole click the iCard in
the corner and watch it because we have
her flagpole from when she was a kid
growing up with her handprints in the
concrete we're combining that here and
we're all gonna put our handprints in it
yeah we're gonna leave our mark on this
house forever and I'm really really
excited this is kind of gonna be
he is crazy school got him hyped up
it is so cool seeing at the flag finally
up or the flagpole but it's like a
really cool moment and it is so brutally
hot out there I'm gonna look at it from
the from the inside so hot like it just
feels so like nice to be able to use
something for my childhood
what's cool is we're making it so that
we can move it so that when we like if
we do end up moving one day which I
don't really see us but if we were to we
can take the kids and do that too and
we'll I will definitely want to like
include more children as the years go on
so I remember the day I did it with
grandpa very important yeah yeah and I
remember like doing it on like he was
like mixing it he dug this huge hole and
I remember I'm mixing it all up and him
doing it and then I really wanted to do
it and I got my sister's hand as well my
brother wasn't there so his hand is in
there I just drew his hands his name and
then I drew my cousin's name as well so
I remember that and it's pretty cool
it's now at my house what a scorpion
whoa dude that scorpion is alive isn't
it yeah so yesterday we found this guy
that is a live scorpion you guys yeah
we're trying to get a good look at him
to see what kind he is we've never had
scorpions here except for this summer
and they've all been in our garage so
I'm almost certain there has to be like
a nest they're live they have to be
living in the garage right
we're obviously it's venomous but it's
not like deadly I think it's a I think a
part they're called but I used to call
yours out the hammer I'm gonna save this
new make it a necklace yeah there it is
up close you guys
oh he's right in the cup you know he
yeah so scary now we have rattlesnakes
and scorpions of the claws but it's that
right there it's gotta be at least a
beast enough to be like a bee sting yeah
she's got dark claws dark body kind of
dark sections to his legs yeah
that's creepy he's gotten too full
scorpion like mode look at that stinger
come for the camera run people read
alright let's do it alright we are now
putting our handprints in and I get to
be the first one so I'm basically the
guinea pig to make sure that this works
first down hard really hard thing should
be interesting with the kids
oh yeah do your fingertips your
fingertips
you got it okay you ready alright it is
now Missy's turn you got to push really
hard okay push it in hard dumb fingers
nice you want to do it too buddy push it
in
you ready Finn here we go it's Betty's
turn
it's a little crooked but that's okay
yay we are leaving our mark on the new
house you guys we're gonna do one of
Finney's feet too just for the heck of
it
there you go look at that wrote my name
right under my handprint as well
I worked out today I'm already sorry but
time push your foot nice dude all right
we have been complaining all day about
how hot and miserable it is outside and
so we've been kind of resting and since
to connect we watched Captain Underpants
and rested on the couch and now we've
got our swimsuits on and we are going
swimming now we're headed out the dogs
are already in the pool and I'm not even
sure if I feel confident enough to bring
the camera outside funny always feels
harder than it says but it does it is a
little bit later in the day so maybe
it's cooling down now but whew let's go
boys go swimming you guys I am oh I
can't get up and I can't like sit down I
thought I can't do either so it's very
very thankful are you why do you do this
to you though oh I have to I'm gonna go
back tomorrow too but I'm just gonna
like do other things oh hey okay that's
right we got a mud run to run and I'm
gonna make it is that the goal of the
mud run for sure but that's not like the
mangle the mud runs not gonna be like
it's just you to have like the stamina I
think yeah but I it's not gonna be
oh yeah I I could do it now I would just
be like kind of miserable so I just want
to do it and like not be like I can't do
it and still do it
before we end today's vlog me and
Corben's hairy legs have an announcement
to make which is kind of the reason why
Corbin was here because he was helping
us you guys we just launched a new show
on Facebook yeah actually it's so I'm
really excited I think it's a really
cool concept it's really fun if you guys
are on Facebook
you're gonna love seeing it on your feed
so I'm gonna have a link down below in
the description we have a Facebook page
daily bumps on Facebook so make sure
that you are following that or you liked
it and this new show we made for
Facebook is on a brand new Facebook
platform called shows so you have to
like our show page or follow it so that
you can see all the new episodes so
episode 1 will be up next week and
there's a trailer up on the page right
now so be sure you go down in the
description click it and follow our show
page on Facebook so you can check out
the episodes thing but anyways thank you
guys so much for watching we had a super
fun day we've been busy and having a
good time but I think Corbin's going
home soon yeah but I think you guys are
gonna see them sooner than you think
but anyways I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video make sure you give this
video a big thumbs up if you enjoyed it
and we'll see you guys around bye
you
