we have the clear chicken mixture
already we've got rice we've got corn on
the cob and you've got it all ready for
the boys do you like it what whatever
you that's whatever wannabe
big
very
good morning boys
oli you look so fancy bow tie yeah the
boys are matching but we stuck a little
tie on him but we're just gonna take
that off kay looks a little silly we're
just getting ready for our day and me
and the boys are gonna head out and do a
few things I me actually are having a
special guest come today so we're very
excited about that
10 things in order life has been a
little crazy like I said that we haven't
really been able to talk about it a lot
but hopefully soon things will start to
make more sense but yeah big changes and
things happening and it's kind of
exciting but stressful so me and the
boys are gonna go get out of the house
and let Brian get some work done but
also get some errands done at the same
time so are you guys ready to go yeah
all right let's do this yeah say let's
do this Olly let's do this you guys
check this out it is a hundred and ten
degrees M and I'm out and about running
errands with the boys and it is just
seems way too hot to be running around
hot all right we are done doing a few of
our errands and I actually just got done
joining at the gym I'm a little nervous
to talk about X I feel like talking
about going to the gym can be fun to
share because like not only you get like
encouragement from like the comments and
people who are like excited for you to
like get back in shape it's also hard
because I I don't necessarily love the
like criticism or people saying like wow
I can't believe you started it and then
you're not doing it so luckily I don't
really read that stuff that much but it
is it can be hard to talk about it
because I just I'm doing this for me and
you know I've had two kids now and I'm
like I kind of I used to love going the
gym and I'm ready like the kids are now
in a good place where they can either
just go to the daycare and they're fine
or they can stay home with Brian if
Brian's not too big
I now drop Ollie off at school so I can
always let go after I drop Ollie off my
life right now seems like I can totally
like fit it into my into my life again
this is a really exciting time I'm
really excited that I actually have like
the time and the like the chance right
now to do this and I really want to take
advantage of it I used to be like really
into it and I think the only thing that
kind of held me back now is just the
back bet I was really busy with kids and
I still AM but I feel like now I'm a lot
more comfortable like dropping them off
out of daycare or leaving them at home
without me so it's gonna be fun I hope
so I hope that I could start to feel a
little bit more confident about my body
and stuff soon so all right we gotta get
home to Daddy okay I'll have it look at
us just hanging out in New York City
remember when I wrote a song about New
York City yes remember when we road trip
to New York City and it turned into a
huge disaster yeah you guys I've not
heard that song I'll link it in the
iCard so that you can listen to it on
iTunes kind of funny now that my office
is clean and organized I can hang out in
here again and we can get work done but
today is an exciting day Missy may have
mentioned we have something someone
coming over it's a very amazing surprise
mysterious guest yep for me like
celebrity status you guys we're gonna
hang out with Kim Kardashian all week
this super hunk just woke up from a very
good nap didn't you he's got mad
scientist hair almost yeah so this guest
that's coming over is like such a secret
you guys we've been keeping it under
wraps we didn't want it to leak out or
anything like that we didn't want to
know who's coming you know just for like
safety concerns and stuff you know I
can't have Kardashians walking up in
here and getting mobbed and stuff and
I'll actually no it's not Kardashian's
it's Cortland scene
Corbin's here with no baby what happened
you know yes you got you guys are on a
break Corbin's on a break from his wife
no
so Corbin is here because they are house
hunting yeah so where I'm gonna help
them do a little bit more serious house
hunting because there may be a move in
the future but also we have some really
cool projects coming up we kind of need
some help I kind of all worked out so
yeah Corbin's here for a couple of days
gonna hang out with us
what are you doing Olly working in a
muddy hole this is where a new flag pool
is going well not a new flagpole I guess
it's Missy's flagpole just kind of did
Ollie just pick your flower no he's
kinda like me he has good taste what do
you think of the new stairs they're
pretty cool huh putting the finishing
touches on our new stairs
good job and fin just pushed his a dump
truck down the hill all right you guys
went going a little players ride
okay Finn's turn first all I go set it
up for him me and the boys are hanging
out outside right now it is actually
getting pretty late in the day and it is
still boiling hot here in California we
ever Ike our hottest point at like 12:00
1:00 o'clock which is kind of nice
because after that it just starts
getting cooler and cooler and by
nighttime it's like almost cold which is
really nice because in Idaho I remember
not being like that the hottest point in
Idaho was like 5 p.m. which is oh that's
like like your entire day is basically
just like a hot point
so anyways oh there goes Ben good job
thank you for setting that up but it is
actually so really toasty out here but
the sun's going down so it'll actually
be really nice to go swimming a little
bit later hey it's okay he's scared
let's go get in the players now kay
you guys check out our little natural
screen I don't know if you guys remember
when we first moved in here this was
like a little pond and we are told it's
a natural spring and then we were like
let's see if we can figure this out and
we thought we figured it out we're like
it was not a natural spring it was a
broken choice after a little more like
digging around I can't really explain
all the details cuz there's so much
we've done a lot with the piping around
here um we realized that it actually
might be an actual spring like there is
no where else this water could be coming
from other than like the ground so we're
gonna get someone out here to like
really confirm all this but yeah that's
pretty crazy and it's a it's pretty full
right now it's like a little pond so the
house has been smelling amazing all day
and it's because I put some chicken in
the crock pot and I just shredded it up
I'm gonna add some cream and chicken and
we're having chicken and rice tonight
and I can't make some corn on the cob
we're just going to dump this in now
hopefully it turns out good I don't cook
very often but and Bryan was a little
shocked when he came out of the office
to find that dinner was being cooked but
I think it's gonna be good alright we
have the clear chicken mixture already
we've got rice we've got corn on the cub
and you've got it all ready for the boys
but it smells really good I'm excited
for dinner and I'm excited for Bryan to
try and see I think he like this all
right Bryan how did it turn out it's
pretty good because it's almost gone
walked into the kitchen and I was like
why is it smell like food and I was
seriously thinking someone broke into
our house not me it's nothing like that
it like to which is very unethical and
the boys are not sure how they feel
about it
yeah do you like it yeah what
Ali he's not quite a fan he's like I'll
eat the oranges hopefully oh yeah always
having a hard time with his and I think
Fitness - he keeps something the rice
out but that's what for dinner okay boys
if you don't eat it you go to bed right
right fin what are we doing nine-nine
anytime okay what time is it then fin is
it morning time it never wants to admit
that it's night time but who does but
he's actually like our best sleeper -
like as soon as we turned the lights off
he's like oh it is crazy how the roles
have reversed ollie is like really hard
to get to sleep yeah Ben is so easy
although tonight all he's already had
been yeah he was kind of an aggressive
mood so he went and sat on his bed and
ended up falling asleep okay he's
actually got school early in the morning
so it's really good for him it's not
like it's too early it's 8:00 p.m. yeah
you don't have school though do you
no we get to hang out tomorrow I have
been enjoying my little hangouts with
Finn
when Holly goes to school daddy nice
yeah no can I have a kiss ah thank you
you wanna do tonight ten dance
are we reading tonight Batman Batman
it's always Batman he always goes for
the superhero one what oh really nice
hey Finn did you have a good day today
yeah no you did it well maybe tomorrow
will be better okay anyway I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video if you did be
sure to give it a thumbs up then can you
give a thumbs up no you know how to do
it come on thumbs up this one not this
one
this one he's like I don't understand
how that's different thumbs up thanks
for watching make sure you guys
subscribe we will see you then yeah ah
we did want to let you guys know though
before we end the vlog that we are
praying for those in Texas from
hurricane Harvey it's been so
devastating to see what's happening on
line and everything so we did want to
let you guys know if you wanted to
donate or help out in any way make sure
you text 9 + 0 9 9 9 the word Harvey and
it'll donate $10 for those who are in
need yeah crazy what's going on over
there yeah the flooding is just it's
unreal and it's it's just I feel like
it's a good time for everyone to come
together and to help for a good cause so
if you would like to do that there is
that information I thought we'd share
that with you guys you ready to say
goodbye okay say bye say bye Boop say
bah
you
