you guys will not believe what happened
to those baby birds they were super
small and they were babies and now
something has happened
good mud and this is how only wanted to
start the vlog laying down on the carpet
yeah hey how'd you sleep last night
good ready for the weekend see what good
is who doesn't want cookie okay you know
here comes mr. Finnegan
should we call Finn Finnegan or refin
since reefing is like you know what I
mean like Finn again wreaths in it is a
name yeah can we just call him Finn
again what you do yeah so this morning's
been a little bit hectic we we have a
lot of things to do and we're kind of
falling behind so we've been trying to
work on that but the kids have been
dying to go outside because there's
something what's out here Finn babies
babies babies if you guys will not
believe what happened to those baby
birds I'm gonna link in the iCard right
now to a video where we discovered very
small hatchling birds in our bush and it
was an incredible experience getting to
see them they were super small and they
were babies and now something has
happened what do you think has happened
babe what happened to the birds no way
oh shoot it's gone Oh what is it oh
there it is what's up the baby birdie
look at that baby birdie
he's flying for the first time you guys
we literally just saw this bird fly out
of the nest for the first time look at
oh he's up in that tree now that's so
cool yesterday and there were three in
there and this morning there's only one
so the other two must have flew away and
that one just flew that's so cool baby
we saw all three yeah that's so cool
yeah so you guys King what they look
like well show you guys pictures of them
honestly was pretty it was pretty doing
pretty dang good I was worried at first
all the babies are gone oh it's so cute
you guys want to see - do you see
Vanessa if the babies are all gone huh
I'm not cool makes you a little sad
alright me my mom are going shopping I
don't know if you guys know but today is
apparently like a big fight there's a
one guy he's gonna fight another guy oh
yeah
we don't really know much about it but
Brian seems to be excited about it and
to me of course is excited oh yeah Jimmy
knows a lot of that oh yeah
so we have been working like all day
it's actually been pretty stressful day
but I'm taking a break and I'm back at
the store now that this is a break I
feel like I've talked about this
yesterday how I hate grocery shopping
and Here I am
yeah pretty well we should have planned
that we're gonna have a party today
that's what we're doing
sorry guys we are headed
I think we're doing some yummy baked
potatoes we got to find all the all the
stuff to go along with it
alright I'm home now fins up from his
nap he was a little grumpy home and I
got you a present yeah ready something
on the list so you want a basil so I got
you these cute little basil plants that
is so funny because I literally just
fine that's rosemary oh that is so neat
God locally grown seed yeah for sure I
know they're already like in Little Miss
time Oh Mitch oh that's a good one
yeah so that'd be fun right feels like a
little oh that was Brian really likes
Moscow Mule so I thought yeah ant is
really good craftsman that's kind of
girl yeah I'm excited
they just need partial sunlight but a
cool house all right I'm not really sure
but we've been preparing all kinds of
foods we've got chicken nuggets getting
ready to go in oh wait we've got we've
got chicken wings and then we've got
condiments for our potatoes so we've got
cheese cheese cheese more cheese that's
kind of ridiculous cilantro whipped
butter jalapenos bacon and I think
that's it and then check out these
potatoes they look so good they've got
olive oil salt garlic powder it smells
delicious so now we're just gonna let
that all cook
you guys check out our baked potato bar
babe you did so good picking toppings so
we've got our baked potatoes they've
been baked and they've got salt and
olive oil on them and then oh really
YUM and then these are all our toppings
so we have so many toppings we've got
bacon pulled pork jalapenos butter
that's a garlic cream cheese cheese
sauce cilantro got cheddar cheese Jack
cheese sour cream the recipe for
something amazing and I am so excited
I've been creating baked potatoes I've
actually been creating baked potatoes a
pulled pork for a while so super excited
to try that and then Mimi is cooking
wings so we are also having chicken
wings all right you guys ready to see my
creation I'm so excited I call this
Mexican pulled pork surprise because it
has cilantro it has pulled pork and
inside there's a little surprise which
is the garlic and herb cream cheese I
know that looks so good what you got in
your potato
I got sharp cheese mozzarella cheese
butter sour cream Jim sharp cheese is
not a thing sharp sharp sharp butter
cheese and sour cream you don't need
anything else okay so these guys hugging
I don't know why everyone's so excited
about it
how's the kids yeah they're like story
Friday hey yeah you want try doesn't
really work when Finn's got a hook we're
now hanging out and we just finished
dinner and we're just playing oh this
keeps happening
who do you think's it's over someone key
someone's like hacking the thing who do
you thinks gonna win Mayweather I think
McGregor is he's only going from
McGregor because of his accent yeah he's
pretty cute too only what color are the
lights you know they're like red and
pink we're having some fun with our
lights in our living room while we watch
the fight the main event is about to
start so we're pretty excited
hey Olli who do you want to who do you
want to win tonight Mayweather or
McGregor Mayweather okay all right all
right we'll see we'll see if you guys
enjoyed today's video be sure to give it
a thumbs up subscribe leave a happy
friendly comment below and we will see
him in Jana Ali what do you say
you
