interpretive dance over here whatever
you are that whatever wannabe
big duck inside
just Oh
coming over again
come for ever
good Mike hey good morning boys we are
out and about today we woke up at Kelton
Corbin left her early this morning well
not super really the echoes in Corbin
left and actually almost got to keep all
Jim they almost left her with me you
guys go up to click the iCard up here to
go watch that sure now go on to grab
some lunch and run some errands and I
found yeah it's got a floating section
it is a pretty cool store when you have
a pool yes and we have the darkest one
we've got them all come on ollie let's
go we are headed in the Freebirds ravine
Jeffrey here we're going to go get to
lunch
yeah been here a million times Oliver
and look who's here oh good I'm so proud
of little honey look at him his burrito
okay jump living is a good dude yeah
have a have free version so long in it
so I'll miss you guys later life
yeah you gotta breathe oh just like
Daddy where's your burrito look Ben
we're twins Cheers
cheers boys cheers Cheers
all right you guys we just got back from
running a bunch of errands and from
lunch
we actually just noticed something is
going on with Ollie what's going on oh
no
are you breaking out oh my gosh look at
that
so Ollie is completely covered in hives
turn around no they don't need to see
your butt will show me a battery oh look
at that
yeah Ollie is covered in hives and it's
so sad but they're not it's you no no
they don't bother you yeah I'm so weird
it's so weird yeah Missy and I we get
hives a lot from like different things
like different soaps that we use or
different like things that we come in
contact with certain swimming pools can
make us break out you did play in that
ball pit yesterday huh do you think it
was that oh I think it was too because
it was like I don't know it was weird I
was like all over his body so I guess
we'll see we gave him like a little
energy of chewable but you took like a
big boy
right see if we have any update on them
all right the boys are up we'll send up
from his nap and you win and you every
second will be taking Hariram England
we're going to go get the mouth balance
and let them run around the house in a
little ball
I don't think Finn has actually seen it
run around the house so we're gonna get
it out now
all right guys scoop them up somehow
kind of scared that he'll bite me so I
just tried to scoop up the ball by the
way built that playground hardest thing
I've ever felt in my life
oh come on you know members is forgiving
it gives it just get in get in the ball
get in the ball get in the ball here we
go all right okay he's in balls go take
him out to the tile fins like so excited
go stuffy : is it right through there I
win all right little guy ready go for a
little stroll
no John go go dark Oh Oh cheap
okey-dokey oh my gosh okay Finley no we
don't hit the ball oh my gosh I was not
expecting that
okay movies doing tricks now see Ben we
don't touch okay don't touch him he does
keep his cool come on baby now yes good
baby mouth and we got to be really
careful with them
because he's just a baby kay bud poor
guy was just crying so he's a little
puffy like going to my legs
what do you think happen yeah
be gentle no no no it isn't some guys
would blow up oh oh where is he going
you guys are so cute with him all he is
very gentle with them huh he says he
knows he's just a baby now
God be careful with them yeah hold him
mama yeah good to see you no no no check
out your like a Godzilla hey Peyton
check this out it's a boy
John lemon so messy it is a little messy
he's been pokin in there here my knife
and then he's going night-night
$3.99 so the little kids have gone to
bed and the semi little kids are now
playing together in the playroom we have
a Moana music instruments this is the
drum and it's got a picture of Moana and
Maui on it come on okay so we also have
some shakers here you go ollie are you
going to sing pain interpretive dance
over here
whoo good job you guys even you all eat
it good with a sword sound effect look
at this crazy thought he has so the
Johnsons are hanging out and having a
little slumber party so all he gets to
play with all the girls while he awaits
the much-anticipated bedtime are you
guys going to fight now all right we
have a Power Ranger sword and a medieval
knight sword who's gonna win live or all
liver and go I feel like there's been
lots of sword fights on the blog lately
um yeah here use this one go go go
whoa okay this is what the kid will do
it Bank forever unless we put him to bed
very crazy whoa I think crazy in this
Buddha we have paper with the sword
throwing attack then the story we have
Olly in his red trousers upon with sword
defeating capabilities that is good and
we have Olivia the master of the sword
Wow good job
look at Peyton's coming to ask you shit
I just people talk watching them play
they're so funny and creative and
imaginative American and I love them all
right Finn is in bed and we're all
hanging out and we're doing Legos that
were actually building the brand-new I
was brand new but I just came out
recently pirates the Karimi caribbean
dead men tell no tales and it is the
pirate ship
it's so cool 200 pieces yeah I think we
can get it all done tonight
see I've been getting back in the Legos
we did a bunch of toasting Corbin and it
was really fun so the tires first Lego
set she's like I don't one how wrong it
was like the kids those ones take my
time I'm going to get our host yeah and
we're watching some DB we're getting cut
up sideways and they were to go ahead
and end today's video so make sure you
give this video a big thumbs up Oh
update on Ollie he still has the hive
and we gave him a little benadryl and
we're hoping that it will calm things
down in if they don't clear up soon
actually going to need to take them in
because they're not looking great on him
but anyways we'll see you guys tomorrow
and wants to do it yeah
you
