so usually Missy it's been best friend
because she's got the good but I just
got a hot chocolate delivery and now he
was like oh wait a minute wait a minute
I don't want to reconsider my best
friend application wherever you are
that's where I wanna be
big time
Oh
oh gee
coming all right Ziggy
with me
hey little juniper can you say good boy
good morning
look at this little girl I cannot get
enough of her you guys she's so precious
she's so cute she had so much fun
yesterday at Ali's pirate mermaid
birthday party special you guys have not
seen that blog be sure to click the I
card in the corner of the screen and go
watch it because it was like the most
epic birthday ever was and when you turn
one we'll throw you an epic birthday 2k
she's gotten so sturdy since the last
time they were here like I feel like I
can hold her like on my hip and she just
like props herself up she's happy as can
be in Sofia what it would be like if we
had a girl you guys is that crazy to be
blogging with like a little girl one of
this one can dream you never know you
never know we're gonna have a baby girl
should we have a baby girl like you
we're getting ready to head to breakfast
with coughing :
so somebody left their shoes yesterday
at the party and if you do is there mind
now I'm wearing them that I think I
forgot unless I'm just like I don't over
there I kind of really love you Maddie
oh really yes just warming and similar
like her yeah something I feel like only
like a child with me with other trees
yeah so maybe he was like guidance to me
and I just look good and they're a
little thing so Logan good morning dude
what is this I don't know that is
dancing baby Groot you got it for your
birthday
yeah we opened up birthday presents last
night and he had this amazing dancing
baby Groot it's so cute isn't it yeah
yeah I knew it
Josie and dance
you did that then is obsessed tennis
obsessed you guys he just sits on a
thing and rides around in circles go
bingo that's how it does it
you
so usually Missy it's been best friend
because she's got the good but I just
got a hot chocolate delivery and now he
was like oh wait a minute wait a minute
I'm not want to reconsider my best
friend application you want a little bit
of whipped cream oh you got some she's
like what is that dude okay lick it
yeah what did you just build Olly yeah
whoa it's a boat that's so cool you're
in Corbin built a boat so I'm not shoes
do the Wow okay now push it Sean
that's so cool that's like super small
actually like shoots a Lego they know
what's up we get you yeah we opened up
presents last night what do you have to
say to everyone who came to your party
yesterday ollie yeah it was fun huh next
we get to have a party for thin right
yeah and then another party for you yeah
what should we do for a Finn's party
okay so em animals okay and what else
okay a cake animals and a cake we
actually did that birthday party for
Finn last year I'll link it right now in
the iCard so you guys can go check it
out we had a little pumpkin patch
remember yeah yeah yeah that was cool
do you like hanging out with uncle
Corbin's again and you have Halloween on
your bus so I don't know I don't know
speaking of birthdays oli what are we
doing I'm gonna wake up that's right we
have a pony cycle that we are giving
away link is down below in the
description go check it out and one
thing that we haven't told you good
insane it that's right we are going to
open up this pony cycle sign it just for
you guys
and then ship it off to the winter home
Oh sigh you know can we yes go sign up
link down below in the description to
win yourself a free pony cycle it is a
cute pony huh we are being so lazy this
Sunday but we also had a very busy
weekend so we deserve it
oh yeah world's like laying around
hanging out look at even Carmen's having
a little lazy day home she's being
cuddly love it we are me has ever cuddle
is Ryan he that he knows he's my dog so
you don't like me so temperament he was
walking back and forth like so
frustrated like he would sit with
himself or to sit on the couch everyone
and then he literally just came over
here and was like hey you're gonna have
to cuddle with me
oh yeah actually now I remember I was
sleeping and he walked up to me and he
likes her licking my face I like get
away from me oh no that's why he was
actually probably not at me because I
think it away oh but anyways I think
we're going to end up going outside and
having a fun day but right now we're
just being lazy
holy eggs Batman what has happened babe
I haven't collected the eggs in a few
days and this is happened oh my goodness
that is definitely smaller yeah we gonna
make the mama oh good I like your flour
- thanks all I picked is a lead you pick
them all off flour did you get me one no
well thanks what's that you got a flower
for auntie Kelsey oh I hate me and kills
her out now throw the fan we just got
our toes dead and we are actually hidden
so we gotta figure out what slip in
there
and we should go with her yeah we gotta
figure out what's for dinner
and what Brian's gonna cook good friend
always cook so I want to find something
that's like not too hard to me but
something that's good I feel like we've
been eating like wow this is really done
chef I feel like we did some eating like
leftovers for a while so I'm excited for
some real food tonight
so we're shopping really quick all right
mama is back home and we got our dinner
ready for tonight and the boys was
really one of the Lilly yummy dessert
and so I found these little chocolate
bananas in our fridge that we've had in
there for a while and I thought I'd open
them up and we eat him outside that
sound good mm-hmm all right he's always
very excited about this TV okay you're
excited you okay right how's it look
and you too ready throw away and I hope
it did throw away there you go how is it
that's pretty good I am NOT a big banana
covered in something girl so I got a
type of chocolate so far and I am
actually the boys are playing in the the
treasure chest full of balls and gold
and they're really hoping that there
might just be some extra little prizes
left over
chocolate all these surface still work
on his always hold your breath and go
under ready go good he's looking where
are they sir mommy help you all right
going in wipe it on this ball okay all
right yeah there's gotta be some
leftover prices you guys are so cute
nothing yes yeah inflatable tentacle arm
I said he's got a chocolate bananas so
few yeah you'll see any leftover prices
I figured there'd be leftover prices as
well let's see what is it grab it I want
to see it oh nice it's a part of the
Caribbean collectible that's cool oh we
got the octopus guy Oh a little pirate
that is so funny yeah I figured there
would definitely be prices over although
some kids everyone all those things are
so happy they got like really cool toys
like collectibles and things like that
like they were so excited it was amazing
is that yummy
man yeah can you take a bite
oh no the boys are trapped in Pyrrha go
haha and boys are trapped in pirate gold
right now you guys guys which actually
it was really cool tonight you know I
saw a couple of kids sneak in with these
yellow balls on their way home it was
really funny like um this is a prize
right here yeah I'm pretty sure Jake
jacob balance here got one he was so
excited
we definitely got some good use out of
this treasure box
all right at that time again what time
is that yeah Finn's already asleep and
this one we have a super fun day with
forbidden and you have fun playing yeah
we love Kelsey at Corbin home make sure
you guys check the I card up above to
check out their channels they are
awesome we love them and our bestest
friends huh
but anyways we're gonna go ahead and in
today's videos to make sure you give
this to you big thumbs up and we'll see
days tomorrow
you
