it's kind of crazy hectic but everyone
is happy to be home
and they're already sword fighting they
literally okay for fini fini you gotta
be careful
take cover all I take cover whatever you
are that's whatever wannabe
big
good morning say good morning June say
good morning Finn he is making moves on
this girl yeah you guys today we have to
go home so this is the last time you're
gonna see June do you want to say
goodbye these boys are crazy aren't they
June I love her little to pieces
she's just like hanging on me had so
much fun making lots of cool memories
here in Oregon we got to see the total
solar eclipse we got to swim in the
river and we got to just have a ton of
fun and catch up with our friends so if
you guys want to watch any of the vlogs
from the past couple days click the
iCard in a corner I'll have a playlist
just for our organ trip because we
really did enjoy ourselves the kids are
not even ready for the day we have to
leave for the airport in probably like
30 minutes to an hour so we're getting
everything packed up and ready hanging
out with her I love hanging out with our
friends we had such a good trip didn't
we June look at that hair flip you guys
Callie can you come gift you a little
kiss and say thanks for all the fun
don't give her a little kiss Oh Oh your
turn Ollie no silly faces just a kiss
give her a little kiss on the forehead
I'll give you a break from them all
right so we are packing up trying to get
everything in order because we are
staying at an Airbnb I'm really trying
to get it all cleaned up but I do want
to show you guys i am taking home
blackberries and i'm very excited about
it i have it in a little container and
i'm also gonna put it into a plastic bag
that way we don't risk this like
spilling open and putting blackberry
juice all over our clothes so I'm really
excited that I know my family's gonna
love trying them and I didn't pick like
a ton I think that's about 3 cups to me
two and a half I think it's plenty and
hopefully they even survived anyways
they might not be as good when we get
home that is a big bug huh
what is it called I don't know it's kind
of a cool looking bug actually cue bike
you just kill huh does he bite I don't
think so
can we hold him no I just let him be let
him be you don't know what he does
always so don't touch him
alright it is time to say goodbye to
this beautiful house and our friends and
June
she's like I'm grumpy
he's grumpy too I mean we are gonna be
driving to the airport but it is still
gonna be he's so grumpy he's like I need
to put him on the flight is gonna be
interesting if he's already in a bad
mood but this is such a fun trip we had
a blast
I know because like we really were like
should we do it should we do it you know
like I don't know it was just like a
hard decision but yeah I'm so glad we
got to do it and the Eclipse was
definitely the cherry on top and you
know we kept saying like this is the one
this one's a lifetime thing but you know
what me we've all decided we're
definitely gonna see another one in our
lifetime we plan to travel to it because
it was just so amazing so we were
excited for the next Eclipse we're doing
it we've already planned it all out but
anyways let's go ahead and head out you
ready to go see Karma
you know good girl yeah yeah
all right let's let's head out okay
dona Ben's got himself a donut feels
quite happy and Ollie and I are
splitting a donut also cheers buddy
cheers cheers Cheers cheers Cheers
we love donuts huh we came into the
airport and he was like another donut
and so I found these we actually got
through the looks craziness we got
through security pretty fast it was nice
some people are in line for our now but
we made it through so we're grabbing a
quick bite to eat before we hop on our
plane and head on you said to be home
what did you find Finn whoa
found this cute little play area for the
kids to run off some steam before we get
on the airplane
it's my cool
we are home and look who's getting a fun
ride on the bag we're hoping just to
cheer him up
because he fell asleep on the plane ride
and so we're hoping he doesn't scream on
the way home yeah look at you dude
you're taking a ride too this is the
perfect way to transport kids in the
airport honestly who needs a stroller by
the way the entire trip stroller and car
seat free so credit it worked it was
nice alright let's go we got to go home
now okay
are you afraid don't mean you be afraid
dude daddy's got you
daddy's got you you're not gonna fall
even if you felt like I can't you okay
hang on
boy I think we made it home are you guys
so excited and Finn you did so good on
the drive home did you know that yeah
all right should we go see all our pets
Carmen Luna
we finally just made it home and I do
have to say both the car ride to the
airport and coming home from the airport
we're so good I definitely tried a
different technique this time just being
like more talkative about it like
preparing him even when we left at 4:30
in the morning we were like we're gonna
get in a car and it's gonna be so fun
and both I did it so good because I
gotta tell you guys the last time we did
a car ride which was not that long
coming home from the airport he threw up
everywhere
I'm just so traumatic for everyone
involved
Thanks I'm gonna go get my puppies I
miss them so much to miss my doggy so
much so happy like where is everybody
karma all right all right ready go get
the boys go get the boys oh jeez
and drops
they're crying I'm so happy we missed
you too we missed you too
they both would have liked their long
pants oh yeah organ says no pets allowed
everyone is happy to be home and they're
already sword fighting yeah they
literally okay for fini fini you gotta
be careful take cover all I take cover
hello you think you can scare me yeah
I'm shaking dude did we have such a fun
trip with antique healthy and uncle
Corbin that was so cool huh yeah what
was your favorite part
Oh Jude Jude and there was actual entail
- oh yeah there were two little squirt
guns on yeah and we had a hot tub and we
got to jump in the river yeah that was
pretty cool Hong I don't know if you've
ever swam in a river before I know it we
get wet - a little yeah started and I
was handled Oh do you think we've been
before what you're too little to get in
yeah but I'd and though you just blew me
- oh yeah we had so much fun in Oregon
but now we're home and we're getting
ready for bed and tomorrow what do we
have are you excited to see all your
friends
and your teacher you miss them yeah good
we're excited for school
but anyways for now we're gonna go ahead
and end the video because I'm bedtime
hey miss pay yeah
so we're excited to see her but anyway
make sure you give this video a big
thumbs up yeah and we'll see you guys
tomorrow what do you say goodbye
you
