hey Ollie come look dude come look isn't
that cool
all right like this on cause I know so
cooling agenda Tommy yeah he's like do
need help moving buddy now it's like a
carnival ride wherever you are that's
where I wanna be that big
ah
just one around you never stole you
 your coming all right
thank you
I'm Trevor
me
for those of you who do not know we lost
a daily bumps legend a couple days ago
poor hashtag Bruce Norbert's finally bit
the kelp and he passed away so what are
we doing now we're going to bury hashtag
under this beautiful tree right look at
this beautiful box we have a min I got
to put them in the hole okay is there
anything you want to say about hashtag
first what you want to say a second like
a fish yeah thank you it was your part
he was your first pet yeah
that's good job buddy
I'm just a toy
Mama's pretty good at this huh I wasn't
feeling she's buried a couple of pets in
her day I used to do this a lot as a kid
I don't know that that doesn't anything
good about me but hashtag I missed you
we're gonna miss them huh yeah Bourjos
good morning guys yesterday we had to
bury hashtag roost Norbert if you guys
missed any of the vlogs
I'll have them linked in the iCard
there's the day we first got him and
then there was the day we found out he
was dead it happens pet fish died yeah
you want to say anything else about
hashtag yeah what do you wanna say about
a stack
uh uh oh thank you oh okay okay let's
have a fun day okay okay all right we
found a piece of stone and I put it on
top yeah right there then it will paint
it or something it has been a crazy
crazy morning already we have been
getting a ton of stuff done we've got
all these birthday party in this weekend
and we are SuperDuper excited not to
mention his birthday is when Wow
yeah you so excited yeah you know what
you're getting for your birthday
Hawaii you don't know do you
a sword maybe got his no idea super
excited this is his last day of being
three all at your last day of three
years old is not and I would told them
the story of like I just want to stay
three forever and he's like no mama I
want to be four I said well
four-year-olds go to school so if you
want before then you have to go to
school you said okay so we're actually
headed to drop the kids off right now
and then he and Brian are going on
special mission can be fun are you
enjoying your last day of three yeah
what have you been doing today you don't
know just playing with your toys like
three-year-olds do huh yes and Buzz
Lightyear have you want a pet yeah well
I should you guys are and look where
that's smart what we did have that
tragic pet pass away yeah yeah we're not
getting a dog
Aysen I think it's time you got your
first pet what do you think Wow yeah
yeah what do you think you want a little
fishy he's in yeah yeah he's like yeah
well that's a cool pirate-ship
both beautiful
Thetas whoa yeah that's a cool Wow
because it's like yeah Crewe's dude ah
whoa that one's cool like black and blue
hey whoa look at that one so then what
do you think of that one I like that one
yeah let's take any like these ones to
Finn come look at me Tony
hey oli what color are these fish right
here leg anyway no what color are they
legs orange in the middle guys
all right the boys have made a selection
so they are getting them now and I am
headed into Party City there's just a
few more things I need to pick up okay
solo stop buddy few more things to get
for Ali's party this weekend all righty
we are home
hey thing are you so excited about your
new pad where'd you get it
what'd you get should we tell them look
what we got then what is that is that
your new fishie you giving them a kid
give them a kiss oh so we ended up
actually getting two new fishies didn't
we and they're called glow fish we have
a green one and a pink one
well technically is red but I think yeah
looks pretty pink so we're going to name
the pink one what's the pink ones name
good thanks
clickbait got to keep up with a youtube
terminology the greenish yellow one
we're going to call viral file yeah and
then we actually ended up getting one
more thing for this
Thanks we also got ourselves a little
aquatic frog for the fish tank
you guys should let us know what we
should name this little guy let us know
in the comments down below
isn't he cute USCG you on the kid I
think you guys are gonna turn into
princes if you kiss them good alright
we're going to set them in the water in
the bag so get used to the water for a
few hours and then we'll let them free
bringing around your present looks so
cool if your first cut just like Olli
when she was little
Davis see alright we put our fishies in
there and the water level is pretty high
now alright now that we got most of our
stuff done meaning it's here to watch
the boys and we are headed out from our
birthday stuff they've got to stay in
here for a little while right yeah so
the fish are going to hang out like that
for a little bit and then we'll
introduce them tonight all right we left
the kids at home and now we and Brian
are a bit of a mission I'm trying not to
cut off your hair we're on a mission
because we have a birthday party coming
up and we're just a little behind on
some things that we need unfortunately
Hobby Lobby which is an awesome store
that has everything you could possibly
need closes in like 50 minutes because
for some reason it like to close really
early and they don't like to be open on
Sunday it's really annoying so anyways
we've got to get a few things and
hopefully we find everything we need
because we are down to the crunch line
right now I don't think crunch lines are
words crunch line is not a word we're
crunch time come on we're down oh I'm
excusing we're down to the wire and it's
crunch time let's do this
hey Ollie come look dude come look look
what we got for your pet nice mouth my
my
look at him when he did it he will go on
his own he's not cool like so we have a
mouse now he's like super cool because
he can knock her on her house John is
that his name yeah his name is John not
so cool in his head Johnny yeah he's
like you need help moving buddy now it's
like a carnival ride I'm in up there he
goes in like yeah I was like ok there's
a mouse a window I know isn't that so
cool are we
John's a good test
someone is not going to be three anymore
and I honestly don't know how to
function real like says yeah you did a
lot of cool things huh yeah three we're
thinking about tomorrow showing him the
birth blog yeah some of the Eagle on
scoop are you poking everyone I don't
think he totally connects sometimes that
that's him yeah awesome self younger
he's like get it like that's you you
need to be like that
I'm sorry I just want to call you can i
cuddle you you're gonna be for tomorrow
right
yeah what was your favorite thing you
did while being three years old what's
the best thing you've done while you
were three the coolest funnest thing
most memorable anything what do you
remember that you did when you were
three oh god the water oh you do like
the waterpark don't you do you remember
when I went to Disney World
oh that was cool huh Oh remember when
you met Ariel in Disney World in Florida
she liked you she's not you're handsome
what else did you do you dope you poked
yeah you definitely poked a lot I know
that for sure
you potty-trained really so that's cool
you're becoming such a big boy potty you
had a cool Christmas Hospice's got a new
puppy dog I mean I got it puppy Thank
You Luna yes we love her entire such a
good boy he is a good boy
oh I know we got him we got a mama got
him a long time ago and he was an
applause and I was quite surprised he
wasn't a surprise for me was in a box he
was not in a box hmm
were you ever in a box you like to jump
into boxes if you're the puppy this is
instant water engage vlog make sure I
can touch up big thumbs up then I got
diesel four years old I can't where you
show me your fingers how many fingers
you
