good morning boys
just a casual day you know we have a
unicorn show up in your playroom oh my
gosh it's scary unicorn whoever you are
that whatever wanna be inside
just your dog on the dollar
collecting here
I am a while
with me ah the do that it's pity - good
morning good morning spider-man how are
you yes my Cammy okay morning yes so
good to be home this one starting into a
great be good that's right a crazy kid
you are so today got off to kind of a
rough start both the boys were sick and
throwing up this morning it was so sad
we're getting everything cleaned and
trying to contain it as they say they're
feeling much better they both just ate
breakfast so I guess this is kind of a
test to see if they're okay crazy how
this always happens when you go on an
airplane and you can go visit somewhere
and come back skip I think I don't so
today I think going to be just to take
it easy day a recovery day hoping these
boys are okay good morning babe we had a
rough night huh we had a rough day rough
night rough morning hoping it gets
turned around here did they both grew up
but yet they're both totally fun I know
yeah so what are you doing
Olly got a birthday present from Zoo
look growth and gain and it is really
awesome spider-man web like thing
shooter web slinger that's cool so comes
with a Mac and you can swing web yeah
he's a little bit excited so I'm putting
together right now and he's dressed like
spider-man how cool is that happens to
have a spider-man pajamas on
goaaaaal he go shoot it Wow he got me
everywhere yeah strike lucky is all over
the camera yeah okay distilled Karma
it's all over me good karma terre des
hommes whose idea was this okay Jane
thanks a lot games and Brooks nothing :
sheesh it's gone nice dude what is that
hon now we didn't steal the other one up
with water so one thing I have learned
about myself is that I love flowers dude
like summertime having tons of fresh
plants and flowers in the house just
always feels so amazing I love changing
it up every couple of weeks and stuff so
I actually found a really cool service
that will deliver flowers like
farm-fresh and then you can like sort of
create their own thing so I have these
sunflowers and then I have these
arrangements that actually have
succulents in which are really cool
right now I'm working on volcano flowers
how cool are these flowers you guys look
at them they kind of look like alien
like they're from an alien planet or
something but through them in this vase
threw in a couple little bright mixi
things and some other plants and I think
that looks pretty dang good you guys I
think I'm actually getting really good
at this
so now I have to figure out where I want
this
so we have just been chilling at home
today trying to take it easy trying to
get things cleaned up but I do have some
bad news and I have to break it to ollie
and it actually is honestly like really
really sad because he has been a part of
our family for so long now but hash tag
has died he's passed away he's in there
you know to be honest he for the past I
would say at least months has been
basically playing dead and we kind of
tried to changing chain just like his
living arrangements and like change you
know like his life it just doesn't how
haven't helped now we have had this fish
for over three years or almost exactly
three years now I know Ollie was just
turning 1 when we bought him so right
now he's just about to turn 4 so
actually feel really bad I feel like
always going to be is to me like the
first pet that he sort of has known for
a long time that is going to be has died
basically I don't know how he's gonna
take it I know I actually was really sad
like I've been like every time like
you're still my dad like you act like
you're dead all the time so I bought
I've been like joking about it but now
he's actually like dead I'm like oh
dad it's always first pet I remember
when we first brought it home and all I
was like so excited he was like super
cute so it'll be kind of interesting to
tell ollie and see what he thinks
mama tell you something okay you know
hashtag the fish well he had died he
went to go see Jesus you know Jesus he
passed away you know how he's been
playing dead for a few weeks now and we
check on em he's like oh people I
remember that we do well this time
sneeze not waking up instead of this guy
oh we do have some clever fish in there
and they are still fine but hashtag is
not not so great anymore okay so yeah
he's dead we're gonna have to get rid of
him buddy
sorry remember he was your first pet huh
you are so excited how about a nice fish
Missy look how cute this way no Holly
look at look at this buddy
this is your new pet your new pet fish
how cool is that what do you think about
it is he cool yeah I remember you helped
me see him and stuff he lived for a long
time didn't he no we don't need to get
to the golly
we don't need any food right now he
doesn't need to eat say fish is the
other fish food will we be batting like
everyone we - just a little flutter fish
keeping the stuff clean or hostile boy I
said I lived a good life he's the
long-dead life my hearty no and he's
been looking pretty bad for a couple
weeks now I'm like okay definitely have
you definitely guys let me stick like
something in there you guys have to do
you like some around like okay I think
we did a pretty good job taking care of
the hash tag though I did not expect
that face he has a lot got love yeah I
mean I am kind of fun that we just want
a whole new cake yeah that's exactly
literally just Valen something you know
go with her and he doesn't have a fish
yet yeah only what do you think are you
okay yeah you left hashtag but it's kind
of time for him to move on right
you get schooled in with Jesus dude yeah
yeah me died okay you would probably
wasn't feeling so good now he's a lot
happier well does he ever starting it
out oh well I kind of does this isn't
poor hashtag remember his whole name was
it hashtag Norbert Chris Chris Oh
hashtag Bruce Norbert hashtag Bruce
normal we've never done a full name so
he always just fell on a stag priced
high priest Norbert should we bury him
in the backyard
give him a little stone all right we'll
do that
neener what are you doing girl are you
happy we're home
she's like literally doing circles you
doing circles are you happy we're home
he missed that you know God go potty so
I'm letting her out real quick please
did you huh she has she's so happy
he don't happy okay go go buddy good boy
she's a crazy puppy but she is such a
good dog and I think she loves karma
probably the most of anyone no stop it
okay
all right so far you go potty really
quick you can come back in when you go
potty ask you go potty physical body not
go potty doing there all right the house
is finally starting to get clean and I
thought we would take a little coloring
a break now to be honest Ollie has never
been that into coloring or like crafts
or like creativity to ever like creative
stuff he's more like wants to go play
but I really I really want to like
encourage him to color and stuff and I'm
sure once he's in school it'll pick up a
lot more but I thought a fun way to get
hand to color it would be for me to
color too and I found this really
awesome adult coloring book and look
what it is it's Outlander if you guys
don't know I am obsessed with Outlander
what's up you got paw patrol chase and
Marshall rubble that's all of them yeah
good job yeah they have a Lenoir I love
Outlander I love the book I love the
show and the show they just showed the
trailer for Ã«add coming out on
September 10th I believe and I am like
so excited about it so I thought that
would be so fun the color a book of
Outlander it's got Jamie and it's got
Claire in it got like all their cool
Scottish designs and herbs and
oh I'm really excited I not like the
best at coloring but I thought it'd be
fun to sit down with him and color with
them so let's do that kay well since
sleeping
look who's awake from his little nap you
want to color too
yeah I think he's feeling much better
you guys he's definitely very happy yeah
I only just woke up from a nap and he is
so excited to get to here oh man he
wants to give them a big hug so walking
with you
Big Daddy seed Sifl Oh give her a break
yeah he actually woke up from a nap he
is definitely not feeling the greatest
today so just ended up passing out but
me and Bryan actually in a meeting right
now so hi bud how you doing today good
good he was not feeling great today and
he's been kind of trying to chill he
went swimming for a little bit he was he
just was like didn't have a lot of
energy and he was kind of like not
feeling it so much so he got out and
just kind of rested for the rest of the
day how you feeling now though yeah good
you feel like you're sick no you feel
like you're doing pretty much better now
were you sick earlier yeah so he says he
feels better so that's good hopefully
he's a hundred percent he might just
also be a bit jet-lagged because it's
late anyways we're gonna go ahead and
end today's video so make sure you give
this video a big thumbs up if you
enjoyed it or actually we did get we did
blue the fishy today huh that was kind
of sad so I guess it's not the best not
the best day but it was still a good day
but anyways I hope you guys enjoy
today's video make sure you give it a
thumbs up still I will see you guys
tomorrow
oh you're literally picking your nose
right now hahaha alright
what do you say ollie I do
