Ollie what'd you find I say me Fred get
him on I get him
she got ever oh she lost them oh he's a
fast little guy huh yep
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
Oh
wanna
coming all right here
I am alone
with me
good morning good morning boys how's it
going
the boys are eating some juicy
strawberries this morning you guys but I
got to say we have no food in the house
I tried to make a bowl of cereal
we have no 2% we have spoiled whole milk
which is not okay but it's milk it's
dangerous milk is dangerous
yeah we're making just a little shopping
list because we think our trip soon huh
yeah Ben brought me the sticker book
like obsessed with it so we've been
going through and adding stickers to the
things it's like super cute they just
like has a little outline and a little
writing and then they pick a sticker
oh there's flick we could put him I
think he goes right there you want try
that ooh so while we were out yesterday
in LA doing the whole Disney thing if
you guys have not seen that video by the
way I'll have a link above in the iCard
so check out yesterday's video because
we had a ton of fun but me and Papa
watched bin and they found something on
our property that's very scary I'm going
to show it to the boys now and see what
they think
hey ollie Finn you guys want to see
something cool look what is that yeah
big snake huh that is a freaky looking
snake huh look at em hmm
what do you think Oh a little creepy huh
we're trying to figure out if this is
jacket oh yeah did you take this jacket
off and leave it we could see if it fit
you always fun and snakes here a tree
yeah but that's a good snake papa caught
him and the snake bit him a little bit
but he was trying to move him so he was
like I'm putting you in snake Jail so he
put them in the flow completely I will
set him free just a little bit further
away from the house yeah all right you
guys still working on these lavender I'm
going to keep them nice and watered out
here and the Sun see if I can get some
color back in them so weird they just
all their colour went away and they
turned all dry and I keep being told so
many different things like don't water
it or water it a lot or keep it dry and
stuff like that so I tried though
keeping a dry thing that killed it so
I'm going to get it nice and give it
some nice water see if it works
oh you are you some shards on help me
balloon you're right Finn got his on the
boys really want to go something and
that sounds great to me because we
actually have a pretty busy next few
days we're going to be traveling so
today we just wanted to like hang out
how chill and basically swim just take
advantage of our pool anyways we are
going to go check on the chickens and
you have a little bit of bad news I have
to share with you guys yesterday I got a
call from my mom while we were in LA
with some bad news and I'm hoping that
it doesn't it doesn't continue to happen
but basically I've got all my chickens
we've got Kelly Angela Susan hey hey Bri
ham and then my all the babies are
outside right now but there is one
chicken that is not here and that is
Meredith if you guys remembered Meredith
Meredith was a red chicken just like
these ones right here but she was super
straggly she had a lot of suitors I
asked her daughter from Craigslist I
don't know exactly how old angela was or
if i'm meredith basically yesterday my
parents came in here and she was dead
she died and i don't know why i'm hoping
it wasn't from an illness i'm hoping it
wasn't something she ate I'm hoping it's
not something that is going to spread
the other chickens whatever it was but
I'm also super sad because she was
definitely a part of the chicken crew
and in fact she was the top of the
pecking order she was definitely a bully
she was rough on with the other chickens
and to be quite honest she was probably
the one that I was going to have to move
on
soon because she was just kind of
picking on all the other chickens so
anyways I'm super fun that guy that's
not all that I want it I did not want
that whatsoever and I'm just hoping that
whatever it is was not something that
was like a sickness or illness that any
of the other chickens could get she
might have just been an older chicken
which she kind of looked like it to me
like actually I checked on her the day
before it had to have been pretty sudden
whatever
she's on eggs good job
and Kelly's over here probably laying an
egg to set it down next to see if she
grabs it you want a baby no more babies
oh my gosh she totally just tried to
tuck it under her I don't think she's
broody or anything but it's kind of
interesting you gonna grab it oh my gosh
I'm supposed to meet you just watch them
in uh careful it's really too wet and
warm yeah that was pretty gross till I
decided to let the chickens out and from
around that I've kind of mentioned that
we have a rooster I'm pretty sure for a
while there's two baby Reds those of
those ones that you can tell which one's
the rooster he's got the poppy-up
feathers he's got green and he's
definitely a boy and that one's a hen
I'm free I feel pretty confident that
she's just a girl and the other ones
anyways that one has white legs and so
that one was on ax so now his decide
whether or not his name is Christoph the
good guy from frozen or Prince Hans the
bad guy and we'll call him Hans or
Kristoff depending whether he's nice or
mean I did just see him kind of like
bully one of my babies so I don't know
if either Hans or Kristoff but we're
gonna find out they're so cute though I
love my chicken
all right we're having a little spin
time you can do it in the pool we are
just hanging out in the pool and it is a
beautiful day is literally not hot at
all it's very very nice
brian is actually at the store shopping
because it like you said this morning we
have no food it's like do we go shopping
cuz you have to leave tomorrow for our
trip and so it's like can't really buy a
lot of stuff it's enough to get us
through the day and through dinner and
then hopefully nothing that will go bad
so anyways we are enjoying the pool it
is so nice out and paint about the boat
on the slide and it's not on so I'd like
to see what's going to happen go down
the side like no I'm not going to work
recordings in bed what you do a silly
did you get shot okay
calm down calm down calm down here okay
how did you get in there you silly boy
did you get your head stuck ah yeah he
was crying now he's happy now he's happy
I'm I got me you munch it's lunchtime
boys
they've been swimming huh now you got
some lunch
you're so cute buddy I love you just got
back from the store got a couple of
stuff for lunch so Missy is making up
some guacamole and we are gonna make
some chicken salad sandwiches and check
out what I got you guys got apples and
cheese and it came with like a yummy
caramel that I thought the boys would
love Ali what'd you find there's a what
what is that what is it baby
Brad oh my gosh look at that
 you oh look at him hoppin there he
is
get him while I get him oh nice babe
nice babe she got ever oh she lost them
oh he's a fast little guy huh
you Molly get him Jim touch it ah got
him she got him
look at that that's so cool YUM look at
he's like I am ready to go oh so cute
then we can't keep him all right hold
them yes look at that
is that what is that uh oh there we go
catch the Holi catch him let all I catch
him don't hurt him good job
you know what cotton ball you will cut
your first frog yeah give them up and
don't let him out don't squish him one
hand like that in the hand right on top
there you go Oh find a hole he will hop
out at a safe you guys really small and
tight for him he said you wanna say hi
froggy
don't kick them all aces he seems nice
and calm now yeah he's cute
so I don't know I don't know that we
have a gardener which most people do
spin and both the boys absolutely love
him his name is Danny and right now it's
been asked for a ride with Danny and
he's mowing the lawn he is the happiest
boy ever right now it is they hide it
you want to ride next this is I think
that's the cutest thing ever
I know the family before us on lived
here with kids and they had a different
gardener and he said that they loved him
and they would always like go out and
like learn different things on how to
light some things together and like
garden work and stuff like that and it's
so cool that like Danny's kind of slowly
been part of the family like partly kind
of becoming like part of our day and the
boys like love him and are excited to
learn the stuff that he has the teach
them so it's pretty cool with that so
fun did you get to mow the lawn
you
you
yeah
it has been such a beautiful day this
kid just took an amazing two-and-a-half
hour nap and he's just loving all this
attention he's like mama are you doing
with my hair I'm gonna put in a little
man bun look at all this hair you guys
does he need a haircut
almost time day still about his first
haircut has to brush it or it right he
told the hottest person and he's almost
- yeah so we - knocked over what do you
think bud huh it is dumb sometimes very
unmanageable yeah hey look at this babe
beautiful so comfortable here we're just
sitting Suns rolling up yeah bye
you
