the man the myth the legend whoa
Holly did you see that buddy do what he
just did that close wherever you are
that's where I wanna be big blue eyes
look up inside
yeah
don't you fucking die coming no locks
again
I'm forever you're with me oh hang on
hang on good morning and welcome to
another beautiful morning here in
Alabama and there's Colin and Brooke and
Finn is playing and you guys came in -
yes because it's fogging up is yes it is
a really humid hot morning and it's just
gonna keep fogging up until I'm walking
outside which I just find crazy like
that never ever happens in California we
do not have humid weather but it's a fun
little change I don't know if I would
love it if I had to like work in this
like this would be hot but it is fun to
kind of sit in and enjoy we're actually
go swimming today I think that's kind of
our last day okay we're gonna have you
ones with swimmin yes all right
good morning guys I cannot find the
place anyway they ran into this room
what what are you two doing you guys
want to have a good old-fashioned
southern adventure today
so yes we're getting ready to go to the
swimming pool and look at Miss Maisie
game you're Ariel you know Ariel ollie
favorite Disney Princess people awesome
and only look at she's Ariel okay you're
even a mermaid underneath oh you near yo
man you kids ready to go to the pool
morning buddy
yeah all right we're loading up the golf
cart and headed to the pool you guys
ready to do some swimming Finn
oh my gosh kicking is enough picking his
nose captain Cohen and the hizzy I get
it to go Tuesday
sub kiddos he really wanted to bring you
a piece of his cookie because I think it
was like the last one how's the water
feel well looks good you gotta get that
sunscreen on - what'd you guys do hello
little mouse boat that's so cool how the
pool feel oli
good is it warm yeah it is seriously a
beautiful string out here you guys I
love Alabama
it's always so beautiful with these
green screens blue sky it's like a
suburban paradise I love it we keep
joking that we're going to buy the
houses down the street because there's
one for sale which would be really cool
but we love yeah go for buddy since
Ali's first time jumping off a diving
board I'm a little nervous but he's so
brave and he's such a good swimmer I bet
he'll day you ready dude all right walk
to the edge and jump off you got this
buddy ready and look at everything so
good egg go
we're gonna be so good good job buddy
twelve feet right here you guys and he
just jumped off his first diving board
that's amazing your swim concrete can't
you to put your leg up and put your
hands up and then polish we do that
you'll be residing yeah do you want
Collin to show you so if you guys don't
know Colin is a master diver right haha
come on dude you got skills
you got skills he's going to have to
show all you how to do it Bennett is
here from the JK today check him out kid
that got skills
whoo that's pretty good dude he swam or
diving no tell us off in the dive and he
just does it himself
yeah he conjugant teacher he is I
thought you doing some flips to dude
that was pretty cool
the man the myth the legend one and a
half dude that was impressive Ali did
you see that buddy
do what he just did
not expected so as you can see colon is
a very good diver and he is teaching
Olly come together on the other Ouija is
Cape endeavor such a showed a little bit
you you're sweet
he did a flat Balaji bottom every time
it's so funny and this isn't like wow
this is 12 feet that's this is far he
can hold his breath longer than I can do
that's so cool seeing you dive ollie Ben
wants to try to guide - huh I'm top I go
all right we're done swimming it was
just out of shower got cleaned up the
boys are hanging out just chillin look
at him he absolutely loves Emma huh and
he's so good with her because she's not
like rough whereas pin can be a little
bit crazier huh no she's shaking
probably scared of pin with a crazy but
she's like totally cuddling with Ollie
and like gloves
he's like protecting her so cute we have
like a little chihuahua element my mom
does weeoo
and he's not so into like other people
cuddling him so all he doesn't really
get to do this very often
alright the boys are getting a quick
dinner because it is lightning bug time
you know we're doing we're gonna go
catch lightning bugs in jars they are
called fireflies they're also called
lightning bugs
what do you guys call them let us know
in the comments below I feel like
okay you can Tom fireflies
I like fireflies I'm gonna call my
alright so eat your food fill up let's
go get them listen to the sounds of the
south you guys Wow
okay screen spa get up get away bit
we're looking for fireflies coming on
the golf cart we have three mason jars
we're hoping to catch these little bugs
in and hoping that when they go in there
they light up and they glow Colin is
going to give us the tour a lightning
bug tour we're gonna see if we can fill
these jars up we saw a couple out here
the other day and it was so insane yeah
you know on an item explained yesterday
and we found a really cool spot out here
it would happen and it just rained and
it's Twilight so it's going to be it's
gonna be really cool
whoa damn oh yeah they are flashing oh
my goodness you guys iam random little
flashes that is a liking fuck
look at these blooming bones they're
getting good look over here oh my gosh
it looks like that Christmas it looks
like Christmas lights crazy that a bug
is making that light right now oh my god
yes Wow
oh my goodness jackpot you guys we just
found lightning bug babe they're honest
Winkle is really good a layer of like
people like oh my goodness that is so
beautiful look at it on the camera even
you can clear Wow you know what yeah
they're all lit up so cool ha oh my god
is amazing look at that beautiful that
is so crazy
what if all these lightning bugs are
like fairies are they fireflies or are
they fair easily fly fly
they could be fairies too huh it's very
slight up they do this is seriously haja
cool experience we don't have this in
California this is a southern southern
thing so it's so cool to be able to take
the boys to different places like that's
an experience like other ways that
people live and other things that they
experience really neat
listen to the cicada tree frog nuts dude
it's super dark so you can't really see
me but we are in a very very good area
for fireflies look you can see them
behind me or lightning bugs whatever you
call so where you can't really log I'm
trying to vlog it that it's so dark so
we'll see what we can do but we're
trying to catch them now in the jars all
you got your jar oh my gosh did you
really just catch my oh my god babe you
caught one come over here
we caught a little bug can you see him
and then when we turn out the light when
we can the lights off see him lighting
up in the jar that dude babe you just
did that yeah that was amazing
I literally just flew in from my face
and I scooped it up Scott I got it look
he's caught - dude you see that little
bug he's lighting up ha oh my gosh look
at that he's lighting up in there and I
need ya this is the coolest thing ever
babe leave it like that let's see he's
right there he's lighting up for sure
these are not honest watt you've got a
light on it but you just caught a
lightning bug Ollie you're holding it
how many is that dude I know look at it
shine in dude the best way to do it is
to see it like keep it dark and then see
it flash then turn on the lights you can
see the actual bug and then just capture
the bug there's no on/off switch with
these lightning bugs well that goes
didn't know they don't have too much air
in there so you're gonna have to let it
go are you building it up we got a
couple of fellow lightning bug catchers
this is seriously one of our coolest
experience ever being in the south and
catching fireflies an amazing jar like
Sohni aliens spinner having a blast
you
all right guys we got to let the
Lightning bus go they've been our
friends this is like now they've been
our friends for a little while but we
have to let them live their life they're
gonna like okay let's open it up
is he going to come out
all right all they say nine nine to
Bennett I think that's the last time
you'll be seeing them till we see them
again so give them a hug Kay and say
thank you thanks for hanging out this
weekend pennant time for this kid to go
with that come on Justin good night to
sin and Mesa gains and Brooks they are
all sleeping and only does really well
when you put them in a play room you
turn all the lights off and you put a
movie on he'll fall asleep so we're
gonna watch Moana okay let's go hope
this come from town I mean come on man
come on man hop in here it's adapt so
it's the last night no we get tomorrow
right yeah Sunday I get to hang out
tomorrow thanks so much for taking us
out to go see the lightning bugs did
you're welcome iwase well I had
experienced it so yeah like that
what we see them so it's like we take it
for granted yeah so like you're amazing
for dreaming yes can you do I know we've
been having so much fun hanging out with
Colin and Katie if you guys do not know
who they are on YouTube be sure to
subscribe by clicking that icon in the
corner and go check them out because
they're amazing
but for now we're gonna go ahead today's
vlog please go ahead and give it a
thumbs up and we'll catch you on the
flip side now Oh certify see why I would
PF boy yeah
you
