what'd you find fan do you know what
this is called called a quarter whoa not
cool watch this okay whoa whoa whoa
wherever you are that's whatever wanna
be big
here's our
coming all
good morning good morning my big guy
what are you doing yeah I going to
school today normally you don't have to
take it back pack just a little bit but
you have a little monkey you have your
disaster preparedness kit just in case
you know you're getting hungry and stuff
we've got a blanky for you ooh comfy
blanky and extra change of clothes
just in case and then we've got a little
sheet for you to lay down when it's time
for nap okay and then I got one for
Peyton that matches look at those you
guys so for those of you guys who don't
know all he's going to the same school
as Peyton his cousin and best friend and
now they're going to have matching
napping sheets isn't that so cute so
cute
so pack this up we got attention left
right
all right buddy eat your breakfast okay
new covers me so sweet it was like I
would eat your breakfast
can you believe we're packing our boys
lunch on the first day of school I'm
pretty even vice yeah Evaristo like you
eat that totally so this morning went
really well we all woke up very early
one person is still sleeping in IVs in
so we're going to wake them up so that
we can take him with us to take away
preschool because we gotta go you guys
know I'm dad dad come ye mmmm you say hi
woke up in a good mood huh
good morning yeah you want to go get
ready
Wow okay let's go you ready for the day
we have your outfit all picked out and
everything good morning mr. fan bro I
love your outfit
getting ready first first day of school
got to get dressed and we have Finn's
outfit which is super cute because it's
matching so this alley is a little
chalkboard you're going to hold up for a
picture for your first day of school and
it has lots of cool facts on it so since
my first day of preschool I am 4 years
old
miss Tracy is my teacher August 15 2017
and you get to fill out these two spots
so Olli
what are some of your favorite things
Toy Story what else
Oh dinos and pirates too huh
yeah okay cool and so what do you want
to be when you grow up you want to be
dad dad really oh so it's like the
cutest thing anyone's ever said you want
to be done when you grow up
Oh anything else do you want to be like
is there a certain career you want you
could be a police officer you can be a
fireman a teacher you just want to be
dead-ass baby wants to be dead when he
grows
it's so cute all right we got to fill
this out cut your backpack on so I'm
good
and then this is your lunch box - okay
don't want any kids steal your lunch
okay
bro
how do you feel on your very first day
of preschool good you feel good you're
ready to start the day yeah you're going
to do lots of learning he's been taking
pictures like this say this is my body I
ever done is good hey devil is actually
happening
okay Z I'm actually not
super emotional I'm more emotional -
static - like dropping him off somewhere
and like having to leave him which is
going to be the hardest part but I'm
really excited for him I think she's
emotional turn but I think you're going
to really enjoy school and I'm going to
love all the kids to play with
I mean he's going to love like the
learning aspect of it once he figures
out like that's what you do there and
it's just so exciting uh I'm so excited
pretty crazy and I am really excited
that and tag and be in the same class
they definitely took a long time to
decide what school we wanted him to go
to and it was an option that they would
not go together and I'm so glad that it
worked out that they actually are going
together and they're going to be the
best of friends in the end we're going
to help me chop alright other all your
pain gets bad or is scared she's got a
helper okay your husband teller it's
okay
and she'll do the same thing for you we
told them yesterday because they both
have a hard time eating their lunch and
we told all a to make sure Payton meter
lines and pain make sure all eight
prepares one all because they both are
very very single and the pain is very
good with glad dilation honey you can
make sure you do lunch and so he
consider will pain you better yours too
hahaha I think it's gonna be so exciting
walking into the school how you feeling
buddy yeah you're gonna have a good
first day I think this is probably one
of the biggest days of his life huh
starting school for the first time here
you do I bought two Legos are you going
to tell all the new kids about your
Legos okay hey I love you
all right let's go to start he's gone
you gone and literally opened the door
to get him and he he was my first day of
preschool couldn't have gone better I
don't think we showed him to his teacher
this is miss Tracy you got to listen to
her like you listen to mama and he said
okay and yeah he grabbed her hand and he
said can i play with this and she said
Sharon did more than salmon we just
playing one time yeah I was kind of
expecting to be a little almost like
Jane was playing with all the toys do do
your little buddy today dude
all right we're going to go into
Starbucks you're going to learn to like
Starbucks just like your brother okay
you want a hot chocolate
yeah okay all right we are now grabbing
breakfast over at Starbucks and I think
we're just going to stay here can we
pick them up down in the parking lot
it's pretty much yeah Johnson's are here
they just dropped off Peyton - if you
guys want to see that click the I card
and go over there channel subscribe and
watch that it was a quite cute colicky
is offering you an egg bite bro so we're
just gonna like hang out here all day I
think oh my god really
we got a pickup up yeah we're like we
didn't venture too far still
chrisphillip roughly less than a mile
away from the school bus we get a phone
call everyone got a phone call yeah yeah
I'm ready service
it's been a crazy morning we just been
having breakfast with Ben and hanging
out and talking about our amazing kid
all right if you've got a few
appointments oh she's taken off in the
over home since we waited forever at
that coffee shop yeah go get some stuff
done me and Finn have you heard before
II screams what'd you find Sam do you
know what this is called called a
quarter whoa not cool watch this okay
whoa whoa whoa
so things kids do for but nowadays you
guys he found a quarter he's literally
just throwing it around
it's seriously so cool having like
moments like this with Ben because if
all wasn't in school it probably it's
just different you know when there's two
kids so it's cool to add you Chris
heavenly focus on sin today in long as
he's out at her appointments too because
he's such a fun little boy I love
playing and hanging out
hey hey meeting lunch I made lunch for
thin so funny because we are actually
eating the same exact thing we have
Uncrustables chicken couples Oh
OOP oh and yet not booboo that's Apple
yes you guys sometimes I eat like I'm -
okay Jared does it - Jared likes
Uncrustables okay so my farm too
all right you guys ben and i have just
arrived at ollie school and we're gonna
go pick him up because he's not enough
seats you should be in that seat but he
isn't
oh yeah mama's meanest here okay
boom all he did a full day at preschool
today we have the option of picking him
up at noon or leaving him till 3:00 we
went with the full day today so he would
know what it's like to like eat lunch
with everyone to take a nap and relax
and play so I'm super excited to see how
he did you guys first day of school is
such a big day probably the biggest day
of his life honestly okay let's go get
him should we go get him okay and then I
had such a fun day together didn't we
Mama's going to be here we have to meet
her here okay yeah mama had a full day
of errands so she got to do that and
she's meeting us back here where is she
hey mama where are you hey we're gonna
go pick up Ollie
are you busy yeah hey dude how'd it go
hi look at your brother can you get some
a hug give it a big heart he missed you
all day Ollie how was your first day
school
yeah well I'm so much to ask you about
it I'm so excited
did you take a nap you did said you did
how do you like your playground buddy
good what'd you play on you played in
the little sandbox - look at these cool
bikes you have did you play on those
okay that's okay though he's got his
lunch bag and we're headed out these
kids had a good first day of school huh
all you ate your whole sandwich nice
what else did you give them babes high
gold crackers and
let me Apple get to Apple s I give them
like five nice dude you hate pretty good
not only did all eat almost his entire
lunch we heard all that you laid on your
cot like a good boy yeah yeah
didn't sleep but that sometimes that
takes awhile we were able to rest with
all the other kids and lay down and did
you tickle your back a little
did you really oh I missed you buddy I'm
so happy your birthday school dude good
day you're getting ice cream for the
voices all yet such a good for this oh
look at you did you get ice cream you
got strawberry with gummy bears yeah Oh
a mint with chocolate Charlie she got
you a throne what does that give us
thumbs yeah okay enjoy your ice cream
first day of school ice cream huh so
good
how is it all and I both got home and
put on our comfy clothes right oh you do
too heck yeah
look what my dad just found outside oh
we can look this is a snake skin you
said it was moving around and it just
shedded our skin what do you think of
that Vinny that is so crazy
it was in our driveway maybe I never
feel like a hole I know if you like
little pieces yeah yeah that's a real oh
cool you know oh wow nice paper you
can't even handle it so many more you
use this a flash like just like all you
can you as a kid imma love the light on
the ground doesn't he
what is that Karma it's so cute to see
been doing the things that all used to
do yeah all right it is now dinnertime I
got my buddy trap here and you guys he
brought us the craziest thing look at
that bone yeah so that all that was on
there it's like a lollipop steak
remember we saw those in Vegas yeah yeah
and we chargrilled it a little bit let's
chop this baby up
see what we got here I gotta go salt bay
status hello yep oh look looks pretty
meat looks good looks good you doesn't
get char on there too hot no chharia the
come on fire it may have caught on fire
I'm in time we treat trav and I went
from oh yeah it's gonna take like three
hours to let it off yeah yeah we're
getting dinner now jay-z and Ollie are
hanging out in the playroom watching a
movie no sentence down surfing all right
Davey's over and you guys what is
watching watching
yeah was it inside out anyways it is
getting late so I think we're go ahead
and end the video so what do i do first
how about we give the vlog a big thumbs
up and make sure you guys are subscribed
click down below there we go and we'll
see you guys tomorrow what do you say
like bye
