wherever you are that whatever wanna be
that big just inside
coming all again
I am alone
good morning dude what are you doing
yesin with my affection you got a little
ear infection
hey good morning soon so Ollie has a
little bit of swimmers here so we have
some drops in his ear knees chillin on
the couch before we leave what are we
doing today we're doing some fun right
water pool that's right we are going to
a water park with the whole family not
just any water park the water park
things you guys don't know these boys
are notorious for getting trapped in the
water park I'll have both videos linked
in the iCard in the corner so you can
check it out quite hilarious start the
day off with some French Toast Casserole
and we got bacon and fruits got a feel
up big day today we're gonna go down on
the big water signs yeah gonna go down
the one that goes upside down no no
there's nothing okay we're on our way
and we are so excited we love with water
parks we go at least once every single
year and it was so funny this morning I
actually showed all his very first time
he went to the water park you guys can
check it out up here but we watched it
this morning
and his exact words were oh so there's
two always like no that's you know you
could not believe that there was another
little boy named always that went to the
water park
I was like no all in that is you you in
the water park
when you are just a little little baby
and you loved it and actually I think
this year we'll probably one of his
favorite times because you'd always lit
a little bit like service to like be
around with the flashing water in the
lab sounds like that writing this year
she is going to have a blast
I actually think Finn will be as
skittish has always been in this in the
past so I think it's going to be an
overall awesome day so excited we have
the whole band with us which is we
usually go with everyone it's actually
been a tradition with for when we lived
here when I was a kid we used to go
everything here so are you excited ollie
yeah which way are you going to hurt you
want to go down the slide nothing good
idea that'll be so much fun look at him
dancing Micra bana has her own little
stage right here we made it to raging
waters thin ah getting your hair braided
yeah all right you want to get changed
into your swimsuit and go in the water
yep let's do it Finn yep you can all eat
guess who's here
take it and live yeah come over here
let's yell for them hey get up here guys
the party just started the whole crew is
turn we're ready to party in the water
all you excited we are walking into the
kiddie area which is so much fun look at
all these fun places to splash you ready
come on look at you pull the cord and it
makes so cool
then I got
they with you
oh that was that oh it's crazy here was
that fun yeah oh you're tired and holy
pie the only thing that I can't
you don't want to be under that big
bucket of water come on typing and it
kind of does look like Captain
Underpants ah I never noticed he was
kind of shaped like a star when we saw
that movie yeah yeah lunch time big
shark bite there you go
it is lunch time we are eaten we have
salad and pizza and burgers and all this
goodness just enjoying this amazing
weather down here you guys so our Cabana
is covered in a deal and this one just
went into the straw look at that and
it's awesome this is going to use it
like a peach it's going in your mouth oh
my god oh I was saying what the oh it
bitch now I can't believe you did that
that's called a PD go BB up deep ruby
eyes no yeah yeah I'm done Wow
yeah we're kind of getting swarmed by
bees here at the water park yeah we have
lots of food lying around
the bee is literally back you guys in
the straw
all we just got back from getting ice
cream how is that dude oh that looks so
good
sample bite look how cute these two
brothers aren't sharing give it them the
biggest fight ever we have made it to
Little Dipper Lagoon you guys this place
is infamous for us because as you know
our very first waterpark blog went crazy
viral of all these being stuck in the
tunnel some excited to see it and I want
this running and unions positive oh my
conch my head so bad it was so bad don't
wipe it up you can buy your way into my
heart but you don't thing that I just
warned ya you'll get the things but I
don't care
we can't go where's our soybean like the
soul let your heart be so dumb how I
wanna be with you
oh wow
he's so cold it's all robbers travel hey
thanks for stopping by did
all right you guys we are now relaxing
nd very busy rather there is not a pool
float inside but that's okay then has
his own city keep it in floating like a
boss you don't have to do anything
I think all these up here let's say in
unless you hate to kidnap my son hey
does lifestyle we sell you guys he's
ours forever and Holly are you going to
live with them now you look so cute oh
you're like a pirate and reading there
sit down haha we make only climb up take
over the ship you must take over the
ship
gears of the cool pirate
Oh
every night and right here you want to
play all about the all of the good love
making my ASL in their bunker has a yeah
oh you bumped your head
I'm sorry
we just got back to our Cabana look at
the ice cream right there guys covered
in swarms of bees there is literally
dead bees oh my gosh not that's insane
Jim what are you doing keep pretending
to eat the bee ice cream I don't know
why it's a dad it's the worst I remember
that is so bad oh my gosh yep you're all
afraid tonight hey job you want some ice
cream bro dude I got some really good
ice cream for you yeah this is the honey
flavor be really good oh god I have to
share it with you oh you know what Oh
we are finally to the home after a very
long but fun fun day all I did you enjoy
the water part yeah she's so dumb how
long retired
it's like public asleep as we speak I
think that means that he had a pretty
awesome time daddy this is the most
money you've ever had because he wasn't
as scared of like the following water
and stuff but it was super duper crowded
so I don't think the environment can
easily price yeah I just know we're like
at Ali's we just really enjoy like doing
us stuff with it that we can't wait to
do those same fun things that we usually
do together with him and even obviously
home and farther wicked-hot no shoes we
have a long long yeah the long lines are
definitely sucky especially when you
have little kids and you're like I don't
want to stand here for an hour in the
line when i could be hanging out like
 so we did really raise any right so
it was totally fine we still had a blast
anyways we're heading home we're
exhausted so it'll be nice easy night we
will go to bed really well so there's
cotton candy balls I know we've got some
pretty cool sunset going on here the sky
looks pretty cool if you guys want to
use have even more fun at water parks
make sure you check the icons for all
our fun of waterpark vlogs for now make
sure you give this video a big thumbs up
if you enjoyed it hey Holly
yes
give us a little tomboy about it
so cute good thank you I love you go
ahead buddy bye
you
