you want to water them okay just a look
there's just a little bit of man can you
do it Finn look at them okay that's
enough water wherever you are ever wanna
be
yes
just runnin around you
I try to give
Oh
I'm Trevor
with me come buddy good morning what's
up dude how are you good
I love you what are we gonna go do today
oh we're going to school today is such a
big day for our family you guys because
all of our starting preschool today is
not the official first day of school but
it's a day where he gets to go and meet
his teacher he gets to see his seat
where he's gonna be sitting is to see
some of this classmates
they're gonna have like a little prayer
and they're gonna have like an assembly
and it's going to be really really cool
I think always going to love it you're
gonna have fun what are you doing with
your eyes
oli is thrilled he's like yeah we're
gonna have a fun time are you blinking
show me weekend can you wink it's due
date hey come here yep you don't paint
not going to be in the same class aren't
you that cool we are so excited because
the kids get to go together
yeah that's so neat dude you got your
own playground name up there dude
Ollie has its own little clip where you
hang sorry so this is your classroom
Ollie so where you're going to hang out
and learn stuff okay okay let me show
you where the restroom is so little
photo just for you what did you find
only bugs and you're looking at them
with your toes or your microscope I
think I really oh it's a magnifying
glass
always check it out all the bug
all right we just got done with checking
out his class through and his new
teacher and that was really exciting and
actually pretty emotional and it's not
even my birthday
it was really cool just like he just
running around each yeah the cross he
was eyes lighting is so cool it was
brings you back to when you were in
school being like your name or seeing
his name on like parts of the classroom
and it was just so neat like I just
can't believe that you actually like
starting school like he's old enough to
do this
Ollie what did you think that's what you
think of your teacher did you like her
wish you nice yeah I think it was really
nice that was cool a mistake I'm sorry
will it will be be yeah just gossip ease
oh it's just one piece of difference is
that the boy can look at them under the
magnifying glass
ah it's very excited so cute I think
that usually like I think in the first
day I'll be Aloha
it's just preschool so it's like super
casual yeah I mean late we can pick him
up early we can leave him all day but
kind of like that but also all is on the
part of the calendar where like he is
going to be the youngest in the
classroom so we don't know if he's even
going to start kindergarten make sure
we're just kind of going to see what
they recommend
yeah we're just going to take one day at
a time he's going to be the oldest
person in a class or the youngest yeah
in a pencil what how he does in this
year will decide basically he's in pre-k
he's actually a pretty K yeah and so if
next year each size making is another
year back he'll go with the transitional
kindergarten pretty advanced yeah okay
yeah we're totally up for anything and
all of our options are in front of us
like we could end up taking them out at
the end of this year if we want to do a
different type of schooling or home
school or whatever but I think he's
going to really enjoy this school and I
think we're going to like it too I
really really like the school so did you
have fun Mimi and Papa while I was gone
yeah you were eating something yummy so
we just got home and oli is so hyped up
about school right now he just told me
in Papa all about it but at the same
time he was like mom it's time we do
he's been hiding behind it waiting he
wants to do this so badly he bugged me
me for two days about doing this and
you're like you're gonna do it for your
mom I don't know how to do like yeah
she's like there was no idea how to do
that and this is a pretty big deal one
this is 1,000 pieces all aged you have
to count to a thousand one two three
pool Oh perfect for and then a thousand
huh yeah okay let's open it and play
with it right now something that gives
me extreme anxiety is doing Legos with
children because they're so cute but
they like to play with all the pieces
and then we lose stuff and that's not
fun so we're going to go for it I
and I'm that go - mom - Wow so you're
all the characters well can your brother
be one um the girl is so funny are you
or is mama building this Lego Batman
well good thing we have been here for
instructions
despite the total yeah sure yeah we got
to put this on the Lego set
hey what's up dude you're not good yeah
getting so big
we have back home so good to be home we
got second traffic there for a while so
it was really great time meeting I sing
as classroom what what's up dude oh
really
you need the movie on okay let's turn on
Milan okay we are home now working on
some Legos got to get these kids that
exhausted
you
- huh
it smells nice huh Ollie do you know
what these flowers are you know what
they are what are they
lavender you love lavender huh yeah I
acted for only because it's pickle yeah
we put it on his feet at night helps
them sleep sometimes these are our two
lavender pots they're doing so good
we've been keeping them nice and dry
because these like to stay dry just like
their succulent friends huh yeah but
they already already smell good you guys
pretty awesome all he loves smelling oh
hey Ben you wanna smell the planet I'm
all the flour no it's Jack waffles like
waffles you want to water them okay just
a look there's just a little bit of a
mess all right go ahead you can water it
can you do it Finn look at them okay
that's enough water that's enough water
thanks boys you boys are awesome it's
going to be lavender they're gonna grow
big and strong
Oh such a beautiful day okay let's it
cannot pull him away Finn no more
watering we're all done
we're all done watering okay he will
just water the plants all day these
actually are not supposed to be water
that much so I hope okay as I was saying
though it is a beautiful day the boys
have been enjoying being outside and so
have i oh good our courtyard just got
all trimmed up at love wouldn't they do
this makes it look like something out of
a magazine pretty awesome
all right you guys Holly and I wanted to
give you guys a little bit of update
about the pony cycle giveaway right as
you guys know we were giving away this
amazing looking pony cycle with a
competition that ended a couple days ago
and a winner has been selected so we
contacted the winner we've given them 48
hours they still have not replied so we
are going to contact another winner
tonight for the pony cycle so please be
on the lookout in your email but I
wanted to announce another giveaway
that's right you guys were giving away a
Nintendo switch what I just wanted to
say YouTube and Nintendo are not
affiliated with this giveaway if you
guys want to learn how to enter to win
an awesome Nintendo switch check out the
links down below in the description and
make sure you're subscribed to this
channel yes good luck to all who enter
to win this awesome
Nintendo switch you like Nintendo switch
don't you yeah we're going to give this
one away to a viewer did you know that
not nice yeah you think they'll like it
yeah I think people like this in tennis
which pretty fun right so good luck to
you guys check out the link down below
in the description learn how matter what
time is it bedtime bedtime
daddy was saying today you have four
more sleeps until school I think he's
getting pretty excited it is kind of
crazy though that you're going to be
going to school now but actually I did
want to I know that I talked a lot about
the school that we chose and why we
chose it and from my worries and
concerns and what I'm excited about as
well on my channel on a new video that I
just posted so make sure you guys go
check it out if you haven't already I'll
have it linked up here so just make sure
you click the iCard you guys can go
watch it it's very interesting I
actually had a lot of people who were
kind of confused some of the things that
I mentioned that were my worries but I
mean they're definitely legitimate
worries you know I just want him to have
a normal as normal as possible schooling
when he's around a lot of kids it does
tend to kind of get crazy like I don't
know how else to explain it it's our
life and you love like our viewers and
we love when you know he meets people
and he's just like hi you are trying
videos he's very excited and very
accepting to it I just wanted to be like
friends and I think he'll make friends
really easily because of his YouTube
status which i think is awesome I just
don't want him to be put on a pedestal
that's bull okay that's the word I was
looking for and so that's why we chose
this school they understand where we're
at and that we don't want him treated
that way and they're very like
accommodating to that which i think is
awesome i feel like a lot of people were
like why do you think your
four-year-olds going to have like
pictures taken of him it happens all the
time in literally today at the school a
kid came up and asked for a picture with
all eight and so it's definitely like a
thing and it's not a bad thing but it's
just something that we definitely were
like worried about going into school and
wanting to make sure that we chose the
right school that can be very aware of
that situation so anyways if you guys
want to hear more about it make sure you
guys go check out that video but for now
we're going to go ahead and the video it
is both these boys bedtime you guys
ready for bed can you guys come say bye
Boop over here all right can you guys
give the video a big thumbs up good job
they click the link down there to
subscribe down boy subscribe and we'll
see you guys tomorrow ready go Oh scoop
okay
you
