good knowledge openness coffee yeah yeah
like a little copycat see come here
puppy
whatever you are that whatever wanna be
big
just never so cute fucking you go I come
and all I gotta give
with me
good morning road trip - we're headed
back home to see the boys I'm sewing
what I said yeah we had such a great
time in Vegas but the entire time I was
in Vegas all I wanted was a weakness
team brother cub like I just was not you
know what it was though it was Jared he
posted on Twitter did you see it he was
like talking about Ellie and how he
reminds her or am i certain
I was trying to you know like it was
like what kind of humor do you like I
was like Reese's I want to read it and
no one has had a Reese's no one we just
pulled out of the hotel there's a sonic
here so we have stopped and we're going
to get messy go bring me a racist block
and what's funny is that we even talked
about how when we were dating
that was one of our favorite things we
would just go to Sonic
go and get a recent blast Reese's blast
acts jelly this is sometimes if we were
having a bad day double extra recent
sometimes give it we got an exam coming
up double X respect and then we'll be
like there's only one extra Reese's in
here I think we paid for the day for
ever feeling nostalgic we just go have a
Reese's blast from Sonic that's an order
right now
hi can I get a recess sonic blast with
extra Reese's what do you think they've
that look like extra Reese's she's so
judgmental the amount of recently that's
a big one I don't remember giving a size
like this cream I love such a hug life
you guys mmm really good yeah
tastes like high school all right we're
all filled up for a road trip begins now
we got to get home back to the boys
that's our mission today
okay get home back to the boys and this
little story all right had to take a
stop at the gas station we can fill the
truck up and we have enough to get home
now and Missy lost her sunglasses at the
casino sorry babe so she asked me to buy
her some so I bought the largest gardius
ugliest old fun way out look at those
things ha ha we got bright gold there
you do I show you actually really come
at the Sun yeah you could probably give
them to your mom after actually probably
really like I'm kinda like all right you
good let's do it again
hey we have been riding or what do like
forever no it really doesn't feel like
that long but right now the time does
seem like it's going up because we're
heading into traffic hours oh my hat you
a second stop something to study the
holy beer we start done this time we had
to stop like three times so yeah
definitely a little bit of a bummer red
stop we're just hoping to like skirt by
some of the traffic it did just go down
10 minutes so hopefully we can like get
in right before traffic so it's really
have a feeling we're going to have a bit
of it before you know it yep welcome to
California here's the traffic this we
got we're hoping to get home before the
kids are asleep so we can hang out with
them and see them another doing swim
class right now which is pretty cool and
hopefully they're doing good
- hi olli committee
oh yes so much fun with me Mia Papa yeah
oh I missed you
I think all right now that ollie
enfin have got all their cuddles in they
were extremely emotional especially
Ollie I think it was like emotions
because like we're home and he's like I
can't believe you're home he's also like
oh my god I love Mimi and Papa sell my
toy car did you miss us so much and
Karma's so happy we're home and so is
Luna
they literally needed like 10 minutes of
shuttles on the couch before we could
even like talk even said was like okay
you are cuddle buddy daddy come you got
any mommy
no oh we miss them so much
hey you trying to get your dog to come
to you
let's try again Luna openness coffee
yeah yeah like a little copycat he come
here puppy
carrier you know a good example if I
know that he's talking to oh my god he
put two were I always done she words
before but he said Thank You Mimi so
there's really three where every word
said Thank You Mimi pretty good and on
you I think up he says yes or no right
away teemo's of difference between yes
and no attending is for
oh my god he loves you so much buddy oh
my god yes
I missed you I missed you too come on
there you go I saw you at a steak house
I said oh the house at the hotel did you
watch our Vista vlog did you can hung
out with us yeah I'm calling Dean - I
saw - I told you really want to hang out
with the boys in so they were going to
try and make another trip okay you want
them to come hang out with you yeah dude
what okay see you I just want a yo yeah
he wants another log did you see the one
with the boat on the river inside yeah
no I did I just need a tweet like oh
yeah you can try and grab it by doing
there is probably spider oh sure how
have we just said in Carmen get it move
it up bring here probably grab it grab
it and bring it here oh you got it now
throw it for them
woo I got it
all four of them are playing catch Molly
are you crab walking hey Ollie do you
know how to play the floor is lava the
poor is lausanne what you gonna do you
touch it oh there you go
alright Ollie let's put your floor is
lava skills to the test
are you ready all right ollie this rock
is lava so what are you doing what are
you doing we doing climb under the
pumpkin hurry climb over the bump in
okay just cut the front door the Falcon
is safe hurry floor is lava there we go
I miss Jill I like playing with you
that's not you guys are fun huh direct
whoa you okay are you hanging on to me
it was like floors lava right now all
right kids are in the bath and they are
getting all clean and I and making a
little dinner for me and Brian for have
green beans some mac and cheese and
chicken grilled chicken and I don't have
dinner very often but I was like I need
to do this and I'm going to make this
happen but Brian did drive like the
whole way here but anyways I didn't want
to like I know that there is a video up
on my channel hopefully like right now
or maybe in a few hours but make sure
you guys click this link up here to
watch it it's all about all I going back
to school all the questions you guys
have ever wondered and how he feels
about it and I can get the video turned
out pretty cute so make sure you guys go
check it out click that link right
and you enough oh because all he's got a
week left of summer Holly and office a
smarter play time outside let's break
for snacks and Justin but Holly question
aside cuz name in it oh hey Olli are you
so excited that we're back yeah we
missed you dude you and I just been down
for bed he was so sweet he went right to
bed it was so nice definitely crossing a
little milestone with that one we went
like four days without nursing so we're
like going to keep it up yeah so often
thanks for watching today's video be
sure to go two thumbs up subscribe leave
a comment let's say bye baby
you
you
