wherever you are that's what ever wanna
be that big blue on the top inside
just one around ever so yeah talking
coming all just again
with me
good morning guys oops we're in a huge
beautiful layer pannel yes in case you
guys missed it Missy and I are spending
our ninth anniversary in Las Vegas to go
watch yesterday's vlog if you missed our
little road trip we've been enjoying
this penthouse and the view and
everything yes really really awesome
what's actually really cool - I don't
know if you guys know but we kind of got
a day off yesterday
Yeah right yeah we planned it so that we
end the vlog were able to vlog our trip
and like getting here and then for our
anniversary
we got like our first like that person
yeah it was our first day off you guys
didn't notice though yeah don't put up a
video every day but it was it was really
cool I got such a six month trip and we
went and saw the Beatles show which was
so cool you may have seen that on
Missy's instagramming right you should
go follow that she's been insisting a
lot but yeah I mean it was cool because
we were able to both have a real day off
whereas sometimes like we'll give each
other like breaks or maybe someone will
take over the vlog for like that day but
this was where we both didn't have to
vlog anything so it was really fun but
we are back to party day and it's
actually exciting I feel like it we're
gonna have a super fun day today one we
have some special guests joining us in
Vegas and we're going to explore and
show you guys around yes
goody fun well good morning so as you
know we have the boys well mummy and
daddy are in Vegas so we came over to
Mimi and Papa's and do a little playing
and eating what are you eating a
strawberry pop-tart we're just going to
have a fun day we have a lot of things
we have planned like go check out maybe
chuck-e-cheese I don't know weird it may
be a park trying to have a fun day today
we kind of stayed in all day yesterday
so yeah
boy we are faced timing the boys who are
having a fun time at deputies hain't
been apparently the pool table works as
a very good phone Stan hey are we having
fun he's got a mouthful of candy that he
was buying tickets obviously nice
are you a Chuckie Cheese
that's so cool that's me me papa ever
haha so nice you huh let's go check out
outside haven't shown you guys the view
in the daytime pretty cool and scary
Vegas baby check out that gold hotel
over there you guys I think that's
mandala Mandalay Bay I don't know I'm so
bad at this there's new york new york
cosmopolitan arya Planet Hollywood
you have palms there's the Mirage that's
where the Beatles show is that last
night we went to Treasure Island when
there's the Trump Tower Rio Caesars
Palace we went shopping there yesterday
it's seriously just so cool just
exploring this whole place I feel like
we could come to Vegas a dozen times and
still not see every piece of it so it's
always really fascinating to come and
like kind of just not plan anything just
see kind of like where the day takes you
feel like that's Vegas little we've been
hanging out in this thing you guys this
is so cool
it's also kind of scary because when
you're right there you're actually not
in the building you're technically like
hanging off so it's a little trippy this
is how it was
oh my god that is nuts
here's what happens when you take the
kids to check the cheese pretty good
pretty good but the love of lobster look
good here with us we ran into Karl and
ginger you guys so we're just walking
around Vegas we ended up in the Venetian
and right now and we have such amazing
what you could look at lobster corn dog
yeah I've always thank you things that's
amazing that looks amazing and then we
have waffle fries and we have a lobster
roll classic style and all this
yes the cult of it amazing the lobster
corn I always want to try I didn't even
know it existed really hot very hot oh
it's so buttery amazing you guys lucky
lobster corn dog this is how you do big
uns apparently guys
so good like whyever so does all my fear
yeah
alright time for a little swim time
where are these boys out for bed and the
dog everyone needs some swim time okay
I'm watching
okay
I was going to go to the sign jump off
the waterfall ready all right here's
your clock okay
do it
then
did it so we're here at the Venetian and
check this out you guys that's Bobby
member Bobby CJ's Sakhalin zombie
bumblebee trim right here also we are
not outside this is inside you guys look
at the sky I love Vegas this is so fun
there's literally just having a concert
right here and like shops over here if
you were going to change into a
transformer what vehicle would you be oh
I would be a black Camaro for sure let
us know down below what would sir what
would yours be
oh okay how about you I would be a blue
or silver Shelby Mustang there we go
Missy what's your vehicle like a Ford
Focus
ha ha ha
so many surprises all the time in Vegas
Lucas then all of a sudden we're outside
where the river started just like we're
in Italy oh my goodness look at those
boats babe this is incredible
do you guys have coin yeah I wish I was
a transformer all right
misty is going to make a wish show me
your quarter so mere quarter until we
rub it so I rub it for a little bit of
luck there we go
she has made her West will fate carry it
out ha ha ha
check out that ride that it's so doe
okay long hard day swimming is where we
stack them jack I'm like cordwood over
here are you tired
who tied you up like that put your there
was it me me me me did it did you say
thank you say bike I think you want to
say boot there one step you can be in
Europe and the neck you can be in a
tropical paradise that is what I love
about Las Vegas kind of like Disneyland
for adults we wouldn't open it it's like
Disneyland for adults
did you get everything
forget anything oh there's one last went
out here you forgot to take count Hey
wound out yeah alright okay okay
all these ready for bed that way you're
swinging it slime around okay
then you're ready for bed Wow okay what
do you guys do we go your thumbs up
gotta push the subscribe button and you
gotta say what you say bye
you
