wherever you are that's where I wanna be
on that big up inside
just one around
come on all our trucks again
come to every
with me got money morning guys and
welcome to the vlog Jamie and Brian are
getting ready to kick off on our fun
little trip and we are super duper
excited but we're going to miss the boys
so much so we're getting last-minute
cuddles and playtime in and then we're
off my parents are going to be watching
them the next few days and we're just
really excited to be together and for
anniversary and just celebrate each
other and our marriage they say hey what
did you say ah like bye get out of here
go oh I love you he gets from me me and
pop okay yeah mommy and daddy are going
on a road trip did you know that whoa
we're gonna make you guys so much
yeah we're doing kind of hug Oh miss the
boys I love you boys
we just love hanging out with notice our
program and this was broken this was
just holding on right I love you guys be
good for me me and pop okay
whoa you know he's actually so excited
to share with me a hapa he said today's
the best day ever
you should make Papa read you the tickle
monster book Oh that'd be so cool yeah
okay get those parts out before we leave
get those birds out all right Benny want
them to push all the buzz get those part
out you know you're gonna miss me so
much
hahaha Holly get mama huh good bye you
guys just be igniting that they're going
to have a fun couple days too I think
all right bye guys
oh hey guys look at us we're in the car
we're the state yeah no kid is no kid
we're taking a road trip
we have never road trips before recently
yes maybe who's a pretty epic road trip
we once did Idaho to New York City
there's a song about it on iTunes yep
we're burning right now Luda is this on
right now actually we road trips all the
way the New York in a very pinky old car
that I remember I don't my store right
here but would not shut all the way and
the window would not go up all the way
so like shhh the entire Drive it was
very small the car was in the backseat
backseat yes yes this is C he was very
hairy and because that window would it
closed the wind and the hair was just
everywhere
I'm going to be like that road trip yeah
it's going to be a lot nicer we're only
going to biggest Vegas Amy it's just a
quick little tribe and
I think it could be but it's enough to
make you like okay what like a cake yeah
so you know it's going to be a lot of
fun because we're going to make a lot of
fun memories same thing that we did wait
is New York was a little miserable who's
made a lot of fun memories and that's
we're going to do and we have a lot more
space where are the truck it's got lots
of room I feel like hi I kind of feel
like king of the road right now yeah it
is comfortable and we'll get it by doing
driving what's up walk yes well
hopefully we're still married by the end
of the trip
the jury
so would it be so easy
mr. gun
Oh
all right even driving for okay the
first hour was pretty slow last weakness
that right you feel like you're going
crazy a little bit a little crazy we
finally hit the point where there's
nothing like we're out of the city we're
out of topic and now it's just because
they're crazy
look at that actually I want to Joshua
trees on the right yeah I'll try and
show you get some of the cool Joshua
trees is your kind of maybe California
but yeah I mean we haven't taken that
long but just feels like we're driving
along you have to excited to get there
though look who's calling I'm not coming
home yet we better go have some fun are
you guys having fun with Mimi and Papa
good what have you been doing today I
can't see you at all but I want to see
your faces we only see the top of his
head
ah there you go I can see yeah are you
having fun bin yeah I miss you guys
already
by the our anniversary thank you daddy
wants to tell you he misses you too hey
Dave
love you buddy we will okay I love you
talk to you later boy goodbye
we have made it we're now in Vegas I'm
really confused because the elevator is
going up really high they told us they
had one room left and it was like 300
square feet and super small but the
button says penthouse I think this is
the cruel joke oh my god we are on the
Christie she has never gone off this
barn over there he'll leave him oh my
god
I'm sorry babe I don't know if you're
going to like this room I think it's
going to be really small but it's like
it's whatever is our anniversary we're
just here to enjoy ourselves is probably
how wide the room is like you're here to
hear what is going on right now is this
real life yeah baby oh my gosh my voice
is echoing okay we need to close anyone
in here that's be embarrassing okay
let's turn on some lights see what's
going on in here is just like a four yay
to our small room or what okay we're
going to turn the lights on see what's
going on in here oh yeah is that gonna
be enough room look if they put it in a
penthouse some weight Vegas penthouse
so we hey here's two beds so you can
have one and I can have the other yeah
in this bathroom very nice very nice
bathroom
so is it like long ways oh it's a
walk-in closet you guys what is even
happening all right so then we have like
sitting areas we have a table we have a
pool table
fireplace what is this wait there's a
whorehouse babe oh my gosh look at this
table wait is there fridge where's the
fridge oh wait B it's built into the
wall haha
dang is loaded okay and we have freezers
oh my gosh
yeah this is nice oh yeah we should get
a couple bottles of wine babe and then
not drink it okay let's keep going so
this said it doesn't keep oh my gosh
there's another bedroom
okay walk closet alright shenanigan
alright you can sleep on the side of the
house I'll sleep on the other yeah
another pickle bathroom event this is so
epic I seriously thought we were going
to be in like a shoebox what wait a
minute is that a balcony oh my goodness
how do we get to it oh my gosh babe you
could see oh but we're locked out we're
trying to find another door oh my gosh
we did it oh my god oh wow let's get out
here
what oh my god
say there's a hot tub on our balcony but
look at this view oh my gosh I think
about hole oh yeah that's scary for sure
Wow look at this view whoo look at the
pyramid babe not BMO light this is not
huh yeah this is really cool
all right you guys
that is our tricky week's a lot biggest
penthouse I don't know what happened
that's a front desk and make it was a
huge mix-up and I don't know I was
absolutely expecting shoebox W at the
university it's our anniversary you guys
it's our anniversary and we're getting
to hang out with no kids here in
beautiful hot LA area yeah if you guys
want to watch any of our other Las Vegas
vlogs though I'll have them up in the
corner below we did a fun family day
Vegas your back or yours actually it was
super fun so go check out that blog i'll
have a link thanks for watching this
video hope you guys enjoyed it be sure
to give it a thumbs up if you did mosy
manana
bye
you
