he wants the ride he's making room for
you ready go
well wherever you are that's where I
wanna be that big
just one around
how come your dog coming all just again
good morning okay so we had to start the
vlog because look at Ali's spoon it's
like balance perfectly on his little
bowl that's pretty genius dude are you
magician or what all right doll what are
we eating this morning boy cereal and
you get two cents to counter like a
bunch of big boys good morning guys so
funny story yeah last night you want to
know what I dreamt about I dreamt that
mommy and daddy had another baby yes it
was so it was the winter stream you guys
we waited until the baby really cool
find out one day and Missy was very
pregnant in our bed I went to go get her
exact water when I went back the baby
was there and she's like oh yeah I had
the baby fell out of me boy so we had
three boys they were all so cute he was
yeah if we had another hey you weren't
gonna night yeah did you poop again no
was you like I don't know did you poop
again what anyway good morning
getting the boys breakfast doing it easy
this morning with some cereal what what
do you want to tell me I don't know what
Tommy did knife up I think you come here
did not end so you think Luna jumped
over and the aliens are gonna come here
tonight yeah so basically you had some
crazy dreams last night - yeah yeah it's
a pineapple yeah it is a pineapple sugar
loaf pineapples missy ordered these
pineapples from Hawaii and we are
cutting it open now okay this is like a
very interesting construction I feel
like people probably don't know what
you're doing
I think actually say pineapple yeah you
weight them when you cut it yourself
look at that white sugar loaf pineapple
yeah yes Missy ordered this pineapple
from Hawaii
she actually ordered four of them and
they just came in a so delicious
she also picked one up when she visited
Hawaii and one yeah put it back let me
get you a piece and it was super heavy
and hard to come back but it was not it
was gone so pops oh yeah
all right the boys are strapped in and
we're taking the truck today because
well for some reason the car seats are
in here and we just don't want to move
them into the Volvo so you're all ready
to go huh
where we going you don't know huh -
surprise
but all I can you tell me how old are
you oh three show me on your fingers
you're not three it's the REE and how
old are you going to be duty for is like
just another week barn full of kids
forever
you mean take you forever I don't want
you to ever grow up cake okay this side
forever
give me a little kid or big kid I'm
thinking big kid forever we are headed
all right now we're at least arming
there's like very little employee goes
or something but we're not gonna go for
something because we're leaving tomorrow
for something so now we have no food and
we're starving and we're in the car
where we go or do we
I don't know I'm so hungry
this boy like I don't even know what I
feel like I know it sounds good
such a beautiful data of my Apple watch
that 86 degrees out and is like blue
guys really really look like we need the
help today we've been having a lot of
fun just like hang out or house being in
the pool I think we're go out today
maybe do some fun looks like this one
song I think they're both false we flip
around I think of
we're going to head up going through
McDonald alright so we just came down to
Old Town and we had some lunch and we
now just stopped at this little fruit
market it's like a fruit market and look
what all I got
we got a white chocolate covered
strawberry at the white chocolate the
good Brandon got a regular chocolate
then he got a white peach that good yeah
I know I have a bite that is a juicy one
and then check out what I got a giant
normally bent head I know it's so big
and when I was a kid we used to go to
this fruit stand that me and my dad and
we would buy peaches that look this big
and we bite into it and they literally
rip all of our faces and we loved it so
I'm going to see if this was just as
good you got that one I'm going to eat
this one hmm
oh wow it looks really really good not
juicy at least not yet but it's really
good it's really good flavor it's a good
walking around Pete I mean oh yeah yeah
I'm Scott every time I bite into one of
these I just imagine all of the
characters from James and Dan like
jumping out at me yeah this is a good
one
we are antiquing look what I just found
Churchill's confectionery London
Transport that's cool lots of cool
things here what you see over here oli a
baby old baby doll oh look look over
here ooh this is cool you did already
see this stuff yeah whoa that's cool
yeah yeah this is actually called a jig
that's for pouring drinks
look at this though mere mmm that's cool
oh my gosh you guys my grandma had this
same exact thing that is so nuts oh
that's so cool
it's a bird yeah so crazy
quickly step the old town sweet shop and
everyone got themselves a sweet so I got
a little banana things oh yeah
you got skiddo then what'd you get mer
he got the Smurfs Pez he is so excited
about it you guys he was screaming when
he found it he was like so excited and
mama got pop rocks I thought it'd be fun
to see if anyone's a typhoon have you
ever tried pop rock you're on I wanna
climb away
I'll try first
open them up can you hear it yeah I can
t in there right now I'm ready
what do you think about those did he so
unsure she's like what have I just done
what is happening inside my mouth right
oh now they're really popping huh
they're really going in this mountain
today he's like freaking out hahaha
isn't that crazy
yeah open your mouth so I can hear it
whoa it's going like crazy in his mouth
right now
let's go Q I love these little bananas
you guys did you like these phoniness no
one else likes you can ask take me a
flower
why do you always pick me flowers
because they're the best or I'm the best
me and the flowers of that oh you're so
sweet he's so cute he always picks me a
flower you see it yes I gotta get this
for Mama and then he always will kill
this like randomly
you're the most food to full mom so cute
Brian can you at the car Rus know how to
get more to stop Starbucks always wanna
we just got home the boys came out here
and I had to get the camera to show you
what they found
what'd you find oh stop it
hi bud hey you know out of the way go go
what did you guys find oh my god stop
hitting the lizard it's a dead lizard
that is so grody
I don't know who did this is a mystery
we should find out huh you know
literally keeps running around chewing
on it's so nasty so so gross but it is a
warm warm day I'm guessing we're
probably going to go get in this pool
because it is hot we're going to check
on the chickens first you know the grass
it is growing so good how are you girls
doing
we've been loving my snack ha I think
I'm going to bring you out some more
yeah they got worms and crickets like
two days in a row now they're like where
are worms where are they all right we
just got a
from it yeah me fam for so long I never
guys I know I haven't taken the GoPro in
the pool in a while but like Oliver and
finding is so crazy like I'm still blown
away I've been watching all these swim
since he was six months old and to this
day I'm like amazed every single time he
like does something crazy but like he
literally now just swims to the very
bottom of the deep end grab things no
problem
sometimes he spends more time at the
bottom the I can't even watch him
because I'm out of breath I have to come
to the top it's so so funny but anyways
I'll just show you guys sometimes but
we're getting the kids ready for bed
Finn is like come on mom I'm in my
rocking chair
I gotta tell you guys I set up this new
bed about like I think it's like a week
ago he's got like a little little music
on he's got a sound machine and he's
been sleeping so good I think he just
really wanted a transition of like
having like the blanket and a pillow and
actually like sleeping in a bed and some
are comfortable if all you even find
them like in the morning or like in the
middle of the night he'll wake up and
he'll like get more comfortable and grab
his blanket and like put it back over
them and lay on the pillow so I think it
definitely helped look at these boys
right now your ride okay let's go
well careful careful he wants the ride
he's making room for you ready go well
you okay Finny this is all right guys it
is about time for bed sue can you give
this video woof oh wow can you give the
video big thumbs up Finn good job and
we'll see you guys tomorrow what do you
say Finn say bye oh there's a tons of
thing
by
you
