one of the most amazing things about
this vlog is we've been doing this for
so long and we can just go back to a day
with our kids when they were younger and
get to experience all that like from a
pretty cool perspective I think that
we're really lucky we're able to have
something like that wherever you are
that's why I ever wanna be inside
just whatever
coming all just again
I am
compare every
me good morning oli what are we doing we
are cuddling and watching a movie this
morning that is what all he wanted to do
he literally came up to me said tender
can we just cuddle and watch a movie and
I'm like how do you say no to that I was
like sure I'll stop working
I'll hang out okay good morning Finn
good morning friend anything even nap
already did you play outside Finn
yeah we play outside and play with the
puppies he's just having enough day yeah
having an attached day trying to kick
the habit
yeah breastfeeding a little rough yeah
Olli what movie is just that we're
watching what's a call no yes you do
Emperor's New Groove have you guys ever
watched this let me know down below in
the comments it's kind of like an old
Disney movie but it's still super funny
and the cartoon is cool so if you guys
have any more Disney movie
recommendations that you think we
haven't watched yet let us know down
below in the comment because we love new
things to cuddle and watch don't we Hey
Oh
you guys a little low the next morning
after you get a haircut it like feels so
clean and fresh and it's so easy to like
style and stuff what do you think I
didn't really show you mine Erica or
alla turca to cut a little bit different
that he normally does it all and I
didn't vlog getting haircuts but we did
Instagram story at tons if you're not
following me on instagram go follow me
because I like to post Instagram stories
of things that I don't blog necessarily
so you get like different content and
different things so go follow me on
Instagram I think it's time for puppy
ice cream if you guys missed the vlog a
couple days ago we got these already
they're frozen we have a vanilla flavor
and what's this one jars like caravan
it's chocolate chocolate carob should we
get it to the puppies and see if they
want a nice treat alright let's go do it
this is what the vanilla one looks like
see you guys I'm Cheyenne take a look
this is what the carob one looks I bet
that I don't like carob well I mean
actually pretty of chocolate okay calm
down
yeah
it's really really frozen right we're
going to taste test this puppy I scream
okay hmm I'm just like cake batter yeah
like it doesn't really taste like all
right the ingredients are very simple
all right puppies we got some ice cream
for you yeah I think they do
Karma's got the carob and Lunas got the
vanilla Chi I know they're so happy
I look good puppies ah these doggies
Emily deserves some ice cream it's a day
they've been chilling in the pool they
do like it huh
all right we brought out some balls in
the ice cream innit karma keeps taking
it out of the bowl ow all right you guys
I think we're feeding all the animals
right now including these cute little
animals got a PB&J YUM and all you got
the strawberry Tyne huh
you like to strawberry kind the best
you're so funny sometimes you know that
your brother is so silly sometimes oh
yeah now I deal with it all right you
guys so we have been wanting to do a
real fish tank for a long time I'm
talking like a professional system with
salt water or some really beautiful fish
that like our kids will like love
looking at and stuff so I'm trying to
figure out how this would look in our
house so I cut out this picture from the
magazine of what the actual fish tank
looks like and I have to see where it
would go think we were thinking this
corner right do you guys ever do this by
the way is it so weird
so I'm like forcing perspective to see
what a fish tank would look like in this
corner I'll be pretty nice right I think
I figured it'd probably be about clevy
about this big is that such a funny
thing to do do you guys do this do I
don't know what do you guys think does a
fish tank look good there it's honestly
always been a dream of mine to just
remake the Finding Nemo fish tank if you
like that's like everybody's dream now
when they have one I have fish hi buddy
just give them a kid well now I gotta
clean my lens you're such a cute boy
it's okay
cleaning that look with Shane just took
another amazing that meets up for like
two hours yeah so I think we just need
to start doing naps a little bit later
yep we're doing I'm like two hours later
than we usually do and he sleeps so that
seems to be working
I'm really happy about it I was right
between my place but I did want to let
you guys know that there's a video up on
my channel yeah any
it involves me and Brian because things
got really messy it did but it's
actually our anniversary in a few days
we did a video in honor of our
anniversary hola mr. chinnough so be
sure to click the eye side go check it
out subscribe to his channel if you're
not in a couple days nine years that's
crazy
I know do you know how long we've
actually been dating or like been
together been like a walk I'm cookie
Keys a cookie they could just get over
this bad boy thank you
but you're not giving it to me thank you
nobody can so easily anything
laughs and pays all I did it go how kid
kimchi or knowledge it you're done
playing okay come give me a kiss right
here give me kiss ah no you owe me give
me a kiss right here it's crazy this
kids getting so big I look back at old
videos of Ali doing the same thing
finish it's crazy you got to just take
it in while you can because it would
just goes away in a blink and then
they're all grown up so you know what
you're going to be going potty
you hear me going to school you're going
to be what is causing trouble I think
that's one of the most amazing things
about this vlog is we've been doing this
for so long and we can just go back to a
day with our kids when they were younger
and get to experience all that like from
a pretty cool perspective I think that
we're really lucky to be able to have
something like that
cuz I literally will just I find myself
on Instagram scrolling back and getting
emotional over old photos of Ollie and
Missy and and then YouTube is the same
way I just keep going back and back and
watching old videos and watching old
videos it's cool it's a really cool
thing to have of your family huh you're
really looking at this one you're an old
man do you know that no that's a cool
car you say car uh-huh
knows how to get into training mode damn
whoa wow he's so smart I think like
second child since I'm so smart
adventures outside Ollie is learning to
ride a bike right now look at him go oh
good job
go cow twisting path good job keep
pushing did you look so cool in that
bike she is a showing Ollie how it's
done thank you almost got attacked it
was like watch out girl and she's going
down the hill right yeah and she's doing
all this wealth in just slays on the
wild thing look at him he's just
chilling in it he this is his favorite
thing ever in the world oh my gosh look
about all right Finn is bored of the
wild thing and now he is climbing on to
Ollie's bike and this is gonna be does
that okay I was waiting for that one to
play out he abandoned it babe I just
realized were matching did we talk about
that
we're literally the inverse of each
other if you inverted this photo it
would look like Missy's wearing my shirt
and I'm wearing her wow yeah oh my god
all right Finn walked all the way down
to the gate so we need a special ride to
hop in hop in and go retrieve him
who taught you how to make silly faces
Papa right now we're going to go get his
brother chasing after a ball hey do you
want a ride there we go
yeah he's good with that got some head
protection yeah tonight we are testing
out tomato soup with the boys and it's
actually a really yummy tomato soup did
you try it
Ben this is my boy this is the one who
will try anything
hey pin take a little bite can you try
it
no nope you're supposed to be the good
one no fan you're supposed to be the
good one take a little bite take a
little bite no he escaped
well my parents that can I please get an
amen I'm trying to feed both of our
voice so neither of them are at the
dinner table now I just literally just
made this and they're gone so daily
struggle
you
hope you guys birthdays like will de
manana mark
you
