oh look at that morning face it's like
squishing it's a finish yours
they just let me show my wherever you
are that lever wanna be that big top
inside
Oh
just put it on
are you coming on again
me good morning guys I am getting ready
right now I'm doing my makeup this is a
really really weird morning because it's
all 9:30 and sin is still asleep which
just never happened he's usually a
pretty big early and I was like well I'm
gonna get a bed and he'll finish out of
bed because why would I get out of bed
but then I was like 9:30 and I was like
maybe I should get out of bed so I don't
know why he is sleeping in so late but I
took the camera and he like was stirring
around like 8:30 but then he just like
went back to bed so obviously he's just
tired so I'm letting him sleep
I thought I'm thinking my makeup done
thoroughly I'm like doing my make them
like stop it stop touching okay I'm done
I've got my hair done makeup is on and
son is still asleep so I'm hoping
they'll go he's not like sick but I
might just end up going in there going
about kids still asleep
Oh world good morning guys as you know
from yesterday's vlog Missy made some
Guinness pie and now Jim entirety for
breakfast and it's basically the most
amazing thing ever
yeah it's so good it's relatively pull
pull yeah it's practically fall and this
is Hunkin to vegetable so we're eating a
really healthy breakfast
yeah it turned out so good babe good job
also I don't know if Missy mentioned
this but it is 10:30 let me see that the
time officially ten twenty ten twenty
thin was still sleeping when I heard him
I'm gonna go check on him now oh hey
good morning oh my goodness you slept so
good dude I cannot believe how long he
slept come here are you okay yeah did
you have such a good sleep last night
yeah us we mama huh go say good morning
to your reflection come on say good
morning baby and the mirror he shy
sometimes you shut up so good and you
woke up happy oh look at that morning
face it's like squishing its baby of
yours they did let me show much good
morning
Oh where's Lally where's only in the boy
good morning Spidey both the boys are
awake and happy you think that's right
they look right better ha ha ha
oh you want to place pumpkin pie for
breakfast music now I'm responsible
yeah it was he did even I let's put that
up
all right the boys are getting the game
out today really want to play this
chicken game so we're gonna go play okay
yeah all right so it's called squawk the
egg slow Civ chicken game mm-hmm
hey Finn I like your Batman costume he's
so happy right now
could be about me I think this boy
alright then roll your dice all right
two times can you press it to 501 it did
again good job Holli roll your dice
what'd you get you get the press on the
little chick ah okay ready
he's rolling the dice she's got a 1 here
we go it's me the egg chopped ow
all right now to crack it open and we'll
see what it lands on ready surprise eggs
oh that's bad luck it was not a fertile
egg who lives on this one I get a
chicken cook oh I see okay okay
that is so cute it's like our backyard
well the dice been rolling all right
good job
three laid an egg open it take our PHP
oh all right I'll let you crack open the
surprise egg what's in it
Oh Meg again
hey you guys together just pops out like
that
you get a good one if you got a baby
trick college so keep all the guys and
get the most of those you win
Oh can't let it fall yeah you gonna kick
it you got a little baby chick - you are
a thank you
this chicken game is seriously so cute
if you guys want to watch more videos
about cool chickens but real chicken be
sure to check the icon in the corner
because if you ain't know we have real
to consider backyard and they have left
the fun with them so go check out those
videos - today have been such a fun day
the boys have just been playing so well
together it's been a special day yes
something's going on with the sky it's
like we have storms yesterday and now
it's hot but it's like super humid the
boys are playing in that water table no
no it's not a pool Ollie you're gonna
fall in yeah you are
look at this bin it like creates a print
for all the little fishies so we got
Nemo put them in there and watch what
happens he's moving around in the
current and there's a really cool slide
you can put them in drop them whoo
that's pretty cool yeah machine I've
been working on random things all day
and just preoccupying the boys with
their little games and activities
all right we just had lunch and it was
super delicious with new place so we
check out a good like this but we are
now in our Volvo car which we have not
been in in a long night good so like
been like months it's so small and
strong like it holds the kids well yeah
you know looks our car basically and
it's had a bunch of issues so it's been
in and out of the shops we've been
having like sort of the whole like
little rental cars or like loaner cars
that they've been giving us but we
haven't been driving us we have the
truck which we've been super happy to be
driving the truck but it's nice to be
back in our car now we're actually
headed out to run some errands and I get
a few dogs and do fish things and we'll
see what else we got very good whoa dude
look at this cool little dog house
outside the feed store we just found oh
it's so spacious you think karma and
Luna would like it yeah we are at the
feed store and grabbing some chicken
food and it's always fun to see the new
baby just saw they're so cute
we're back home and it is the best look
at him go he doesn't even case so happy
whoa dreams dot in then kid this was all
these birthday present he got on his
actual birthday from aunty go up to that
video ya seen it and it's probably
Finn's favorite toy now y'all are you
try it out
yes but like no I was doing it whoa dude
get it dude get it
Oh Oh can you go up the hill push it
just a friendly reminder we have a brand
new signed a pony cycle that we are
giving away if you guys would like to
learn more about this giveaway check out
the link down below in the description
there's a couple different ways you can
enter and sign up to win this thing
which would be super cool for your kid
your little brother or sister your
friend's kid I'm sure there's someone
out there who would enjoy this amazing
pony sight book so go check out link
down below in the description to learn
how to enter our giveaway believe only
one more day alright guys it is a
beautiful day out I thought let's go
swimmin we got Mimi's over uncle's in
the pool right now and Ollie is a plane
as well and I got a special little treat
that I picked up at towards the rest the
other day and I thought it'd be really
fun to play with in the pool you won't
play with it
yeah yeah okay AJ zoom ray and it spiked
when Wade Wow amazing water glider and I
heard it goes really fast under the
water and it does some pretty cool stuff
so let's open it up and see on it got it
yeah all right that's all the
instructions it says summers memory
underwater also launched my pessimism
right against the bottom of the pool to
launch releases them right will take off
all by itself okay
cool
I think is pretty esteemed and cool it
goes super fast and depending how like
low you get it it'll go really really
far I think it's made it almost across
the floor at one point the thing to me
is going to try and take it even lower
and see how far does
Oh
Wow you made it all the way across the
pool I'm so cool you cleared it down
pretty far right three all the way to
the bottom and it slowly like slides up
and goes three and so I mean it
all right we had a fun time swimmin and
we are now winding down to the night and
I thought I showed you something pretty
cool that we got at the feed store
I got Luna a new bed and it's a super
comfy squishy one which is kind of fun
he was just using one of these thin ones
when we bought this she was still like
pee in her bed every once in while i'm
stuff and jeff had an accident in many
months now i'm going to give her a brand
new mushy one oh look how comfy that is
and we also got them puppy scoops ice
cream and this is terribly ver and what
flavor is it now vanilla you're right
and i guess how it works is you just
made for dog to add water and then you
freeze it so i thought i'm going to add
the water now and then I'll freeze it
tomorrow we'll break it open I figured
this one can be for karma and the pink
one can be for Luna so let's make it
right now okay so I just open it up and
it comes in a little package like this a
peridot bindi okay yes I suppose not
oh good Karma's like already excited not
all right Rosanna pour it in here and
then I'm going to add two thirds of hot
water
alright guys we've got the puppies ice
cream in the freezer right then is
already in bed and we are blind and down
we're going to go to bed pretty soon mom
everything
oh she's like I want to fall asleep on
my beanbag but anyways I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video make sure you give
it a big thumbs up see did and we'll see
you guys tomorrow what do you say
you
