ah it's just efficient you see invite
everyone
what yeah you see light hey bye please
man foul right wherever you are that
lever wanna be that big blue top inside
is
just never know
your dog on all our trucks again
good morning guys
it has been a lazy lazy day it's not
quite morning anymore huh a little bit
later than morning yeah we actually have
not been feeling it that great today
Brian's been really like congested and
not feeling well we've just been
battling like a sore throat for a few
days so yeah we just kind of were like
taking the gg today we all took nap and
I was just really really nice now you're
just getting a little snack in before I
guess we start our day and do something
do something today
okay snackin yeah yeah are you snacking
on the water
well this is like not regular peanut
butter either it's the like organic
maple almond honey one hmm he does it he
loves anything you stupid yeah he loves
the band opposite of this one if you try
and convince a Hollywood dip he will no
he was crying even close to the camera
always Gideon always the only thing you
dip it in is syrup and that's it you
will never dip in anything else but Finn
will dip anything in anything it's
pretty cool I'm just gonna make a little
little snack and then I know our game
day hopefully something fun wow you guys
it is so insanely chill out here today
it's so warm but the sky is like dark oh
it's raining it's raining so cool babe
we're getting a summer rain yeah I'm not
Nene yeah I've been waiting for it to
rain because I want to swim in our new
pool while it's raining where these in
the grotto it's raining go feel go run
out into the grass
I really never get summer yeah this is
rain yeah I get a sprinkle alley run out
there and open your hands like this go
go go I know kind of nice though huh
it's going to feel it I love the skies
that we get living up here because with
sunsets right there right yeah yeah
incredible it's really really cloudy so
I think the Sun is technically like
right above the hill but we can't see it
what's the temperature Oh
eighty degrees like Hawaii weather right
now babe this is so cool
this is crazy you guys not only is it
raining now we're having thunderstorms
and lightning
we saw a lightning crash and it was very
loud here that is crazy
oh my gosh holy the dogs are freaking
out you guys do that the sky dislike
crack like a whip did you hear that
yeah that was so loud so I got the dogs
or young dogs are freaking out yeah come
on dude come on come in you know that
sound you're hearing right now do you
know what's called called thunder oh and
did you see that flash just now that was
lightning yeah so when you see the
lightning thunder follow Wow Holly
whenever there's like thunder really
loud not fun to watch it just kids me
know the lightning is not going to get
you buddy but what's really interesting
is when you see the lightning flash if
you count how many seconds it takes for
you to hear the Thunder is how many
miles away the Lightning there is
actually true oh one two three now it's
raining like crazy oh my gosh
I know okay Karma Wow alright I'm gonna
run around on the rain really quick with
these two boys you wanna get chapped is
go
Wow that is a little scary it's okay bud
oh I will say when when auntie was
little she used to be so scared of
lightning but it's actually really cool
yeah you don't have any such a neat
being he's like a little freaked out
it's pretty cool
I love it oh here's another one
you ready - it's okay it is just a
little one oh my goodness
little bit afraid of place a good old
classic American summer thunderstorm I
love it
it's so long we don't get it like this
right here so we're like freeze always
does not love it Oh such a California
boy luckily the dogs are actually not
two guys with that like we used to have
a couple dogs that would literally shake
it and like get so scared during
thunderstorms is always really stressful
but Karma's like can you tell me shut up
Wow Wow
Finn is not fazed by the thunderstorm at
all I thought I'd check on my chicken
see how they're doing
hey how are the chicken oh we got a
baby's are doing good hi Finn you want
to go gather the eggs go get mama the
eggs
I got one all the babies are all over
this I'm so glad they all get along they
seem like they're doing good though
they're not too scared of the
thunderstorm good job oh hey drop it
let's see if it's okay yep that one got
a little cracked all right last one
thank you for the eggs ladies thanks
Bubba all right let's go have a nice
night girls
lazy oh my gosh yes Jenny I think I
might and we look fast oh shoot oh shoot
oh my god god nothing one cute that was
so cool when he said baby lizard i legit
was expecting just find like a kind of
smaller lesser than normal but that was
like a little baby lizard okay baby just
came out for the front yard you hit up
on this hill we basically don't just 862
J view so I think that's always really
cool because sometimes a lot of people I
feel like they just get like one side
and the other side is covered but we see
all and actually like blue skies on this
side look at this this blue all the
Thunder is over there crazy alright
let's head to the backyard there's
nothing to see out here
just blue skies a key drill hands no I
don't think it's too heavy
we're rocking around the house clean if
we can see any more flight nning strikes
it looks like most of the storm is over
here over here like these guys let the
boys found the roller coaster he like
that ok bye
alright Ben's got to come down hearing
nice job dude
shut the door good job hole mom again
and just so you know your outfit is
backwards that's mama saw me and fin are
going to go shopping we are definitely
out of a lot of fruits and food and milk
and all the main essentials he just
keeps trying to like go Mahan we're
headed into the store you ready to go
shopping mama you want cart huh you're
in the car II can't be someone that you
know I almost go to you're chewing on
the cheese yeah oh my goodness they're
almost done shopping it's been has been
talking to every single person on FiOS
which is pretty funny he's like hi my
sisters are so cute everyone thanks
thank you
oh look what I got no no I did grab some
jello I got pudding and jello I don't
normally have that stuff in the house
and I thought those are kind of yummy
snacks have around you can't you know
like that so dude you have to open it up
and you eat it with a spoon stop biting
it the package I think we're almost done
think I got what I think nitrogen is a
really simple like Mayo student stuff so
I grab stuff that
for quilty you really stay bye-bye
Wow bye all done I like Hershey's it's
just if you see invite everyone Wow yeah
do you see light you say hi
okay bye please man foul by the
policeman just stop to say hi to him
because he's so cute and he was waving
at him I was like oh no what am i doing
oh I'm just putting my groceries away
he's just like how old is he he's so
cute this is kind of funny and he showed
you his life huh hey yep we got some
water do you need some there you go okay
take a drink some help you
good job alright let's get in the car
okay hey big guy I heard you caught
police hand you did was it cool that was
Tokyo I was watching that footage of the
policeman turning on his lights for some
adorable
man it's been such a gray day we've kind
of been locked in the house all day it's
a lot cooler out which is really nice
and we're thinking maybe jumping in the
pool later because there's just
something about swimming in the rain so
I'm hoping that it would still continue
raining and then we can jump in the pool
later because that would be amazing dude
looks so comfy look at you got a pillow
blanket beanbag chair we live in the
life huh it's not what is it it's a
beanbag okay we have Toy Story on so
it's going to be about 10 of these good
start to pause right step on today
awesome
customs up that is a thumb underneath
that blanket hope you guys enjoyed
today's video if you did be sure to give
it a thumbs up subscribe leave a comment
you
