hey Finn you want to go down the slide
let's go let's go let's go let's go
let's go let's go let's go let's go
let's go go Fanny go Fanny woohoo there
he is
wherever you are that's whatever wannabe
Oh
hi boys wait are you guys wearing the
same outfit again mama loves the maxim
they're like little twins I know I'm so
cute they're frightening of an age where
I can't match them before like Finn was
just too little and all it was too big
what if we actually have twins someday
that sounds fun the boys are right now
watching homeward bound which is
adorable it's just like the greatest
movie of all time and I think it really
teaches them that animals have feelings
and cantana Holly do you think karma can
talk do you remember when he used to
talk when we would film
look who's blogging he had that weird
accent still watches those oh yeah
anyways we are gonna have a fun day
today it is supposed to be super duper
duper hot so you better believe that
we're gonna be swimmin yes oh all right
the kids are in bed and I've got a lot
of my furs done I did well let you guys
know that today's video is sponsored by
best fiends so as you guys know I
absolutely love games and I have been
playing best fiends like crazy I'm
currently on level 73 best fiends is a
free puzzle adventure game where you
collect and build a team of fiends to
defeat it slugs by matching same colored
objects they did just come out with a
huge announcement it is their biggest
update ever and they now have added over
100 level which i think is so awesome
because I love being able to play and
not have to stop when you're out of
levels so I'm really really excited
about the update and who now can play
this summertime event where you can win
huge awards which is always fun another
cool thing about this game is you can
play this game anywhere you don't need
any kind of internet connection so I
love playing this on airplanes or when I
just don't have any sort of internet
connection available to me it's really
cool is that best fiends is hooking you
guys up if you click the link down below
and you download the free app you get
five dollars worth of gold and diamonds
which i think is pretty cool I'm gonna
try and be a couple more levels but I
still have a little bit more
three times but let me know in the
comments what level you're on and who is
your favorite feed I absolutely love
Jojo she is so cute she looks kind of
like a mix between a ladybug and a
butterfly and she's just so cute she you
guys download best fiends and see if you
can beat me I'm on level 73 right now
but not for long alright it's a hot day
today huh yep it is a super duper hot
day so we're super excited to go
swimming oh and I think I'm CJ Bailey
are headed over soon so we're gonna go
play with them chillin
this kid is in love with our ice machine
out here you guys ice OEE oh thank you
I'll take some appreciate it
you're so cute alright shut it what is
it too cold
no silly boy
hey teen you want to go down the slide
let's go down the slide buddy let's go
let's go let's go let's go let's go
let's go let's go let's go let's go this
kid loves going down the slide he is so
independent about it still I just I
can't get over it so cute
go fanny go fanny it's your birthday
there he is
nice job did check this out you guys it
was so hot today that these soda cans
sitting out here in the cooler actually
exploded talk about destruction not nuts
I've never seen soda cans pop like that
Dr Pepper spine sprite clearly doesn't
have their stuff together and now my
concrete's all sticky
Linda visit a party my dad if it's
trying to being a loner over there and
we're keeping and yes I have the vlog
camera in the pool I do not have a GoPro
so I'm gonna put this away but yeah
we're having a great time in the pool
right now
Oh feels good Karma's having a great
time actually we need to get Luna she's
in the side yard I think she wants to go
swimming too
all right I'm daring my sister to go
down the slide all right Linda's gone
down the lipslide
so are all the kids all the kids so the
kids are all done swimming and Missy and
I are actually ready because we are
going out tonight but we have a surprise
for the boys and for the puppies
something I think that's gonna be really
hilarious that's let's go outside
come on oh the heat the lunatik your
pizza say bad Luna yeah so the dogs have
been doing great today
running around playing with the boys
look at finished so ticked off she stole
your pizza get it back it's like that's
mine you can't take good pizza away from
a dog like that she having it come on
Luna come on get her you go get her Finn
all right what do we have for the dogs
babe oh really
all right sorry I found these on the
Amazon
basically what they used for it is so
that like your dog doesn't get as much
hair all over your house and their dog
in leotards so they're gonna look at
dorbz so cute and there won't be here
all over the house all right karma come
here boy he's hoping to get a piece of
that pizza too come on hi karma Karma's
is red and you know he's gonna be so
embarrassed come here hi karma boy tight
car mother boy yeah what okay okay come
as like clothes really sick huh
good boy Lunas got a pink one
good job karma he doesn't get a blanket
look he's got a doggie leotard now it
looks like he's just wearing a superhero
cape super karma didn't even have a
whole front tail no way I'm getting
Lena's on right now and she's been she's
looking so snazzy she's doing so good
ready for the yogurt doggie yoga babe I
got it I got it I got the doggie leotard
on oh my car is is on - look how cute
they look
so we put them on backwards twice I
think we got them on right this time
look it they can move around really good
look at you girl look at you girl
hi girl oh that is the cutest thing ever
karma boy karma what do you think of
your leotard what do you guys think they
look like they could be like an 80s pop
duo you guys are so cute good idea babe
yeah he gets embarrassed really easily
suck it in
hey oli
are you kind of a bug deal because
that's what your shirt says and I think
it's glowing in the dark right now -
that's not so cool you have a fun day
today oli yes all he got to film
something really special with Bailey
today huh then we got to go swimming
that was fun I love you you want to go
swimming again yeah if it was up to this
kid he'd go swimming all the time but
you can't be in the pool all the time
because you gotta like eat and breathe
and go to the bathroom
Ollie do you go pee pee in the pool you
do do you go poopoo in the pool no oh my
gosh did you just admit to going pee pee
in the pool oli
you got to get out for that bro
it's okay that's why we have chlorine
and lots of it anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed watching today's video if you
did be sure to give it a thumbs up and
subscribe it's spinning going
night-night can I have a hug I love you
goodnight I hope you sleep good he's
like um you sit right boop-boop in you
want to say the bye book today say bye
Boop say bye
Boop
you
