you guys Luna can jump Freddie jump Luna
ShoreTel you jump
Shelly there it is don't you jump I'll
write you out wherever you are that's
where I wanna be big you are just inside
just one around
come again
I am
come to every
oh my god okay good morning
wow that was a messy good morning good
morning Olli it is not quite morning it
is a little bit day now he had a pretty
rough night last night and I actually
usually have swim today but I skipped it
because sin is just like he was not
sleeping well without most of the night
she ends up coming around 4:30 but he
doesn't sleep well on our roads and so
he just took a really really long nap
which I'm really happy for think I'm
just meeting a new tradition new like
bedtime routine for him so he's just
kind of fighting that fighting bedtime
and I don't think he was feeling good so
he had some music over here he had some
a pillow you suck you did good now it's
a good now begin to sew man oh hi buddy
you okay and you be good
I did get some fun new like things for
him for to help like this time but they
don't come in tomorrow so hey yo yo
Kharma they say good morning to you huh
anyways I feel like we're starting to
get with her do ya hopefully he starts
to feel a little better know that he
took a good little nap huh you want to
go even lunch take a leak before
Oh how's my little going good yeah like
you have the good he's not good yeah
good morning Munoz oh you like to ER
like that
are you dude then oh then you quit we
are you doing this awesome weather
outside it's a pretty warm day I
definitely am looking for were doing in
a pool but we just shut down with one
having a little
pop and they just playing outside your
Chi oh that's very cool I just got done
a finishing filming a video and brian is
finishing up a little bit of work
another big arena jump in the pool
because it is definitely a warm day ah
ah you're just coming on here
stinker there hold on look Olly was
being very helpful you are making messes
good job go for it
woohoo if a hot day today you guys so we
are getting ready to jump into the pool
this is going to be a nice peaceful cool
excursion right then yeah go go go
this kid loved the slide here watch that
keep going keep going keep going keep
going you're gonna go on your belly go
Lulu yeah like I said it's just going to
be a peaceful time in the school nice
relaxing time in the Sun I'm sure
there's not any trouble to be had
a pirate oh no we got a pirate in our
mess Oh
a pirate ship I think our pool it's
being taken over by a pirate pirate
ollie what do you think of your pirate
ship dude
pretty cool jump on it there we go
careful Ollie you got pirates in these
here waters yeah you need your steering
well look at these pirate boys taking
over the pool looking for treasure
aliens still obsessed you're pirates you
guys who love them you got to turn
around and go up on the Gulf by the
waterfall go go go go go go Falcao good
job pirate all these are Bennet's being
held captive by the Pirates and they're
going on to the waterfall
oh no bid I think all he's going to take
over your boat oh here you take over his
boat like a true pirate jump on hey are
you a good pirate ollie yeah
where's your sword pirate I still in his
sword and your boat ah that's right how
far it was when the doc I'm a hahaha
what is my skill back
battle me for it ah okay you can you
just really committed to it
you're a cool little pirate dude you
know that
all right it's gonna go down the slide
with a GoPro
I've heard your kill cluster was a boy
look at us we actually brought our meat
in this time and didn't let it rot in
our car now if you didn't see that vog I
think that was like two days ago
we pulled rotten meat and rotten bananas
out of our car it was so disgusting it
was smelling so guy I remember like
wanting to make spaghetti and be like
where's that meat Oh yep it was in the
car
rotting valuates got it out and I'm
making spaghetti tonight one of my
favorite meals because like one of the
only things I know I kind of like the
words that cooking we just got out of
the pool and shower I want to give you
an update I got the got a Brazilian
Blowout the other day I don't know if I
blogged about actually and I normally do
a keratin treatment which is really
awesome because it's just I think it's a
little bit easier on your hair and
basically what they do is like make your
hair a lot more like straighter not it's
frizzy no it's like but I found that the
keratin wasn't lasting very long I was
kind of like I want to try something
else so I found someone who was willing
to do the Brazilian for me and I am so
far so so so happy one I love the fact
that I don't have to keep it like
slapped my face for three days so if you
guys remember that sometimes I do this
treatment where it literally would play
like wet hair for like three days I'd
hate it so I didn't have to do that and
I feel like it works like way better
like this is I glued blow-dry my hair
for five minutes which you're normally
blow-dry my hair takes like at least
like 30 minutes to 45 minutes like it's
exhausting like five minutes it's
straight it's not like and if I like
blow-dried it all the way which is just
like probably like 90% dry I proposed
right it all the way all I would do is
like run a straightener in it and like
I'm so happy anyway I'm going to make
some dinner and get these kids to bed at
a decent time and hope that today was a
little bit better with spin and they
actually sleeps tonight crossing my
fingers
it smells so good in here you guys mrs.
Lincoln spaghetti and all he just took a
bite of its oranges and what's wrong
with your oranges now they're sour and
they do look like oh sorry I'll leave
that one there
Oh see how's it taste good wonderfully
knows what sour tastes like yeah
and they they do they're very sour
that's so funny these boys are picking
up on more and one and you are not
allowed to be on the counter you know
that you know that scooped you up put
you in your seat tummy spaghetti okay
you eat spaghetti can you say spaghetti
okay daddy
good job ollie nada there you go dude
he's on it
you guys Luna can jump ready jump Luna
start a you jump Joey
Gary - oh gosh your jump oh she is like
a rabbit it's so funny
alright alright watch out Ben knows how
to take cover when Lunas out he's like
she like gets down to the ground slow I
get safe you're doing nah nah I just go
to you nut yeah yeah you say dinner
they're eating their dessert see all the
food I'm so proud of them and now it was
time to just hang out for a little bit
outside before it's bedtime it's almost
Finn's bedtime so yeah we're going to
just throw the ball so with the pub such
a nice night nice and cool the weather
feels so amazing oh that's so such a
nice night nice summer night check this
out you guys on filtered Beauty what
else
Oh is there some packages by the gate
yeah think that you should just not ask
questions since your birthday is coming
up okay I reckon that's where when I was
a kid and I was not even allowed to like
look at toys or talk about toys or even
like linger too long on a commercial
that had a toy if it was around my
birthday the hole was for you really it
was like a don't even think about it
kind of thing yeah all these birthday's
coming up you guys and he's going to be
four years old I can't believe that our
little baby I wasn't planning his party
yeah we got a ton done today honestly
for planning his party and it's going to
be so much fun
then he is going to fall down the hill
yeah go rescue him here he comes like I
don't want to pull we have that cut out
in the bush right there we really need
to just extend these there stairs right
here and we just want to continue those
stairs out after the driveway so we want
to cut all that out and put stairs in
yeah then planting grass over there be
so nice we just got done with a project
though so yeah let's not throw another
project on come on boys we'll start the
next project make sure you want the ball
you want the ball do that Oh Finn is
trying to get the ball Ben's going to
get the ball before the dogs do they
have no idea where it is I will be so
impressed if then actually brings that
ball back
Finn is still chasing the ball he got
the ball oh man it's a beautiful day
with our kids what do you want what am I
supposed to do Ali's down by the gate
now and there's presents there
and just like that our kids are asleep
you guys we did it
we where's mo in bed so good yeah hope
you sleep in sleep good I feel like most
of our day we're just like okay how can
we wear the kids out so they can go back
and we can relax because when you breach
like true parenting potentials also when
you realize that it really is changing
so tired than just go to bed and going
YouTube videos definitely helps with
that too because wherever with new ideas
to my realm but check us out we're
hanging out on our back patio we got the
heaters going it is such an amazing
night so we're just going to enjoy this
and go ahead and end our vlog today but
I hope you guys enjoyed it if you did be
sure to click that thumbs up button
check the iCard in the corner to watch
more fun videos subscribe if you're new
and we will see you ma√±ana bye
you
