very good oh good Stover so we can only
do once I do both there you go wherever
you are that's whatever wanna be that
big top it
just one never knows
come on all right thank you
come with me
good morning guys today we got a very
special delivery for Ali's birthday
party tomorrow and I'm going to show the
boys
oh hey Ali do you know it's out here
look
what is that thank you hell yeah check
it out what look at this huge pirate
bouncy house they drop this off a hand
hire backyard
that's so cool look at all this room to
jump
that's Tony and you got a basketball
hose - yeah so Ali's birthday party is
tomorrow
as you can guess there's going to be a
very cool theme involved I have them
drop off the bouncy house early so
usually do it at the courtesy and it's
all of the kids busy while we're setting
up and getting ready for the party or
keeps the adults busy kids are going to
love it
then just climbed all the way up himself
here we go go finger ready go Ally go go
go and yeah okay Bryan's gonna be
dancing out it is it's a very yeah I was
learning hope I don't know how Finn did
it it was crazy
there we go you do them
how its rooted so steep
yes your smile is so cute you know that
we have been trying to get the house
ready we have people coming over today
with they're very excited about and
everything is looking good as far as in
a house we saw a lot of work to do
outside there but your playroom it's a
bit of a disaster you is all your fault
yeah my mom actually just got back we
went and had a little spa day with my
cousin because it's her birthday as well
so I thought now that I'm home I think
I'm actually going to clean out his
playroom a once more he did get a few
toys yesterday so I always kinda deuce
to it one more like quick cleanup and
wow look at this it actually closes now
I definitely got rid of a few more
things sometimes I feel like it takes me
a few times to clean out a toy box
because like I'm like how I should keep
this I should keep it and then like the
next time I go around okay I'm
definitely getting rid of this this time
yeah I mean he still got his he loves
his pirate ship from us and his army car
from Mimi and Papa what is it oh it's a
Jeep you're right I always keep calling
it a car like it's a stage mom yeah
everything is looking good I was like we
need to get rid of as many little toys
as possible because come his birthday
party this room is going to be a
disaster and I was just having little
toys everywhere
that's like kids don't even play with
you know they just like tossing us
myself this room is looking good we got
everything put away and I'm keeping up
the happy birthday a little bit longer
because it still is birthday week yeah
all right now that the inside stuff is
done we now have to get some stuff done
outside and while I do that Finn is
having a blast he's so funny
go pick girls see us we loved it and
check out this I know you guys don't
know what exactly kind of a party we're
having I don't think that this will tell
you but what do you think this is for my
dad is been working on this all day
yeah you also tell me what you think
this is what it's for it's definitely
not done got a lot of work to do
so this is the start of it okay guys
good Stover so you can only do one side
there we go oh all I can do do both
there you go alright so we are working
on party stuff right now and I obviously
did not know you guys already know what
the theme is and it is pirate and so
we're doing all kinds of pirate things
today what we work on here we are
putting together the tattoo parlor
station yeah we have other doing costume
pieces for the kids to choose from and
Mimi is packing goodie bags baby bags we
got backpacks that we didn't know they
were going to be that big so trying to
fill them oh yeah really looking forward
I know dad has been working yeah that's
true those would be cool so I'm going to
show you officially what my dad's
working on because it is pretty singing
cool and I was like of course we need
about this so let me show you alright so
if you guys didn't guess this is a plank
and my dad has been working his butt off
to make this thing happen you're like
how am I going to make a plank that kids
can walk on that is extremely long and
that's not going to like bend and break
and stuff so this is what he's been
working on he just wraps this rope
around it to make it look pretty cool
we're going to add these cool little
decorations you got mermaids anchors
octopus we got netting we're going to
stick on here and this stuff is going to
go like down here by the way and I think
it is so stinking cool that is working
too super duper hard on this it's been
fun yes and fun and he made this thing
so safe and fun that we can play on it
yeah so I'm pretty excited play on
thing is a massive though I mean is huge
and when it we first told him like we
need you to get make us a plank he's
like I don't know if I can do that and
look at that I knew he could do it if
anyone can make it happen it's papa
okay man a solid beam yeah thousand pack
and I need ten guys here help move it
yes when I did I put it pieces yeah it's
like a fake beam to soaping yeah I think
it's perfect because I'm going to fall
off it because it's pretty massive I
feel like we're not going to like have
to like balance but I think they're
going to fight on it yeah they can like
sword fight on it and wrestle each other
off
hey Olli are you so excited for your
birthday party tomorrow yeah you know
make it even cooler
what does it be so cool of our friends
Corbin and Kelsey we're here to hang out
with us at the party oh thanks for
coming over you guys so I heard there's
a rumor going around that you're going
to dress
soon as a mermaid okay a mermaid yeah
yeah she's so excited and you guys are
you going to be pirates
we like the pirate wench pirate we are
so excited to have Corbin and Kelsey
here they're going to hang out with us
at the party for a little bit so be sure
to check out the icon in the corner go
subscribe to their Channel Mitsy you
missed out on the introduction sorry
thank you I know Ben is having a rough
day
yeah okay but he was excited when they
got here yeah he was really frantic her
into trouble yeah so we kissed on the
hand like a prig I know that definite oh
yeah like uterus
they're armed
you
you
