you
you
wherever you are that way ever wanna be
on that big top inside
just wandering around you never know
are you coming are
again
I am allowed
come with me come on in
happy birthday ollie do the birthday
dance you're gonna make it okay say
dance is the birthday dance birthday
dance is a birthday - birthday dance
birthday again it's your brother's
birthday pen Ollie how old are you 4 and
can you show me with your fingers
remember high five and then tuck your
thumb and okay like hide your tongue
right here there you go for your forded
first dashboard yeah
good morning Benny you need nawafil
today our little baby is four years old
he's turned into a little boy you guys I
can hardly even believe it I love you
I'm going to have all these birth vlog
and all of his birthday parties linked
in the iCard so you guys can check them
out if you wanna watch so today we're
gonna have a super fun day always going
to get some PR es en TS and we got a
couple of cool surprises for him we're
just going to hang out family and and
yeah
oh cool come show me Mom I'll put on
your pirate patch okay it goes over your
eye so that you could be like a pirate
now say arrr and you even have your
telescope wearing a pirate map yeah yeah
the pirate map pajama you could say this
kid like so yes today is kind of like
the family birthday day where we just
hang out and celebrate him and then this
weekend
we're throwing an epic party yeah but I
didn't want to say that you guys should
make sure you're following me on
Instagram 7 sharing business stories of
the day and the day before he was born
and it is honestly like every time I
think about it I guess oh yeah hard even
I read them and I start crying
and the story is intense because if it
wasn't for like actually taking action
and going against the doctor I don't
know if he'd be here it's really scary
to think about but yeah it's amazing to
know that like he's here he's here and
everything's okay and we love him and
he's a big boy and he's such a trickster
it's been where's your brother he's in
there we have gone to our birthday
apparel and we are so excited because
we've been working on a huge surprise
for Olli so we bring them over and I
think it's time we've been working
online so I'm so excited he's going to
see this when he first walks out and
we've been concocting something like a
prank surprise we'll see how we react
you ready for your birthday surprise
yeah look at fit in his little birthday
hi I'm so cute he's like okay I always
keep your hat on let's go come on
what do you think your birthday surprise
is going to be Olli I don't know you
don't know you're so excited how old are
you I suppose you're four years old what
do you see Brewed what do you think then
this should open it should we go in
there
what do you see the plastic what oh oh
my goodness look at all these presents
dude all right Ali this is a game so all
we have fake presents and we have real
presents and you get to go through and
unwrap everything and try to find the
real one that's on cool there's some
cool presence in here bro you ready all
right dude what present you want to try
first grab them oh I think that's a real
one rip it open beans that's from auntie
what is it yeah
Legos cool superhero dude it's got
Superman and Batman tonight yeah
kryptonite machine I know that about
this big one bring up this big one rip
it open
rip it what is it what is it open it up
open it up you got it what's your name
earth isn't nothing
all right that's a fake why must keep
looking for real one
let's try this one only oh that one
feels like it's not something you
remember how to do a do this right look
at Jolley it's a squawk explosive
chicken game's not cool all right I'll
have the whole fam what's to know that
the real one or a fake one can you open
it this time uncle I love your colorful
wrapping paper it's so sleek and modern
what is that Oh what is Ali Oh
that is a really cool sort it's a
transforming and ninja sword all it has
a flashlight and a sword what do you say
to Uncle oh we have presents crashing
everywhere rip it open dude this is a
big one Holly what's in it what's in it
with dinner what's in it yeah another
fake presents where all the real plugs
all let's open that one that one looks
like uncle's wrapping paper nice they'd
like to do
what another fake one please coming
through he's knocking over present man
you're such a silly goose
Oh a Lego dinosaur lies what do you say
thank you
we're pretty far in the process I think
oli is now discovering how to figure out
real presents from fake what is that oh
they're community enough after what it
is what is it different her third side
you can dial that bottom for these and
they're like they are gonna be okay yeah
rip it open did this is from mommy and
daddy in Kabul bitch who did that
yeah you got a balloon and you sure did
here's a little present to go boy it's
got a practice for October all they're
opening them at the same time
what is it ollie hi yeah the pirate ship
yeah yeah and it comes with pirates and
Captain you got other little characters
and you can open up smoked ones and see
what other characters are then what you
get I can't be tough now
oh we got sent another pirate one too so
they can play together
these fakes present there's real
presence and fake presence you think
that's the real life could be stuffed
animals huh another big present boxes
everywhere I think it's safe to say alia
I think the rest of these are fake
they're too light to be anything nothing
the mommy and daddy prank you ollie
sorry
nothing in that one either go oh
anything fake ah
anything ah no more present
Ollie what do you say to everyone who
got you presents thank you you're
welcome you're welcome we love you buddy
happy birthday do you think that's all
the presents you got yeah he's got a
good little stashed in she'll are you
happy with that yeah pretty cool on yeah
well guess what mommy and daddy got you
one more present you want to see it yeah
I think Papa's gonna roll it in I said a
bye oh my god you get your very own big
boy bike and it's red dude just like you
wanted and as a bell
whoa oh my gosh look at him on that
thing
those are great we'll teach you how to
use it buddy but it should be really
easy kay it's not so cool now you have
petals Ollie so you can go super fast
outside and go on adventures and trips
and we can get you a little basket you
can put toys in it Thank You Emma baby
love you
young Yin are you surprised you aren't
expecting a bike huh that's pretty neat
what do you think of the color do you
like the color
yeah and it has eight on it it's got a
eight ball right there
and look it on the back on the spin it's
got checkers and we have training wheels
on it so that you won't fall off
all right all he's gonna try on his bike
for the very first time we got a push
he's never really done pedals
can you see push like that perfect push
good job you both sides push press they
don't good job good job yeah that's how
you break hmm
good job don't go down the hill good job
you steered away ah great remember you
can break that was so job ollie
No
Oh
already gives us some hamburgers and hot
dogs cause we're all so hungry and I
even made some beans auntie and uncle
are helping oli put together this
Playmobil pirate ship oh my gosh it's
ginormous
I had no idea when I'm Tony look at all
these little pieces missing no I've got
our man's gun and a car though yeah the
simplest things make this kid happy so
cute well all your army guys can ride on
the pirate ship when it's done huh
Johnsons have arrived do you see that
bike outside you did see the bike ah did
you a new bike yeah hey Olli thinks
someone's at the front door with a
special delivery for you yeah who is it
you record
there's unicorns in our house Oh live
and pay you guys look so cute go check
out their channel I card in the corner
Olivia you look cheap unicorn won t even
have wings
Wow is that a sword oh my gosh it's a
power ranger sword bro
you got power ranger stuff the whole set
Holly what do you say you loved it like
it I got you a sword row that is
actually so cool we have to put all of
all these swords in one place and see
how many he actually has yes you like
has a collection I mean look we can find
them all he hasn't hidden
like in secret places around the house
in case like dangers going down yeah
Pacific this is the coolest sword ever
bro patient we have an actual unicorn
you can ride you know how to do it here
put your feet up on here that one on
there and then lift your butt up and
then push down like that see look at her
goodness that's so cool and it moves on
its own alright we are making chocolate
cake
at their cake yes he requested a
dinosaur chocolate cake today so we're
going to do our best see what we can do
look at you you're doing making a
dinosaur I'm sure I was like there's no
way I can do it I just like to outline
with a knife and I was I was going over
that was dang good I think he's making
you a dinosaur cake mama made the cake
but he's doing the die so you wanna see
it giddyup giddyup giddyup giddyup
giddyup giddyup here we have some
unicorn horse races going on Ollie are
you having a good horse birthday yeah
you left playing with all your friends
go go go whoa ninja sword pirate sword
pirate birches ninja hey Ollie you're
playing with LEGOs I want to show you
your cake buddy daddy worked really hard
on your cake because you requested
specifically a chocolate Dino cake
remember yeah okay I'm gonna go see it
you want to see a toupee in yeah come
look at it it's a little candle check it
out dude what do you think why you
really want it it's yummy huh yeah
thanks buddy
you wanna sing happy birthday to you now
okay I'm gonna try and steal sprinkle
take time all right open up your
birthday card for mommy daddy and man
I'm karma and Luna and cookie and viral
and Boop and all up against John yeah
John and all the chickens yes who is
that it's a minion and you want to know
what it says inside it's easy to go
bananas over a cool kid like you
especially on your birthday
look at that minion he's hugging bananas
you can sing too buddy
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear
Holly happy birthday to you ready to go
all out
oh my god happy birthday buddy I love
you
all right Vince turn Ben wants his face
smashed in it to in oh wow all
right that's how we do cake in the house
yeah
oh yeah got a big enough piece buddy
Ollie requested a big piece of chocolate
birthday cake hmm look at that not good
all right
they're so excited about cake there you
go dude alright we have been having so
much fun and we've had an awesome
birthday party huh it was so much fun
we're still actually partying but I did
well they guys know that on my channel
we did a video together getting me yeah
so you guys should definitely check it
out I'll have it linked in the like I
card as well and I did a little
interview with him and I asked them some
pretty tough questions like does he want
us siblings oh if you guys want to find
out the answer that make sure you guys
click that like I guess auntie got you
one more present you want to see what it
is
me too what is that what a wild thing
smart drive whoa whoa ok Olly so each
handle controls this wheel so if you
push this one forward it's only going to
move that wheel forward or if you push
it back it moves it back ok hold it hold
it hold it watch your backward oh there
you go cool
wow that stole the show that is the
coolest thing ever
that is so cute it's a Power Wheels wild
thing that's pretty cool oh look at fit
all he's like I want to make it go
faster hey what do you think you're
doing there buddy what do you think
you're doing there
he already figured it out
already gonna take them for a ride go go
race some races
look at him go Daffy you're losing
becomes Cassie on the wild thing the car
definitely seems like it's a little
easier
Ollie our fish sit down
cool boy Cathy
get it so funny you've never ridden that
car like that finally getting the penis
yes I'll leave the winner all he's going
crazy he's finally mastered the wild
thing you guys
oh my gosh now spin is going crazy on
the wild thing and is clear
you have the best birthday ever it was
pretty awesome huh but we have a really
big announcement all I do you want to
save the announcement there is a camera
way yeah we're going to do a giveaway
you guys and we're so excited this is
just a big thank you to you guys for
being such awesome viewers you guys are
just so cool
we want to be able to give back to you
guys in some way and so we thought it
would be really fun to give away a pony
cycle we know you have a lot of kids
that like to watch we know we have a lot
of parents that have kids that like to
watch we thought this would be a really
fun thing to give away so if you guys
would like to learn how to enter I'll
have it linked down below make sure you
check that out you can enter this
awesome giveaway for a pony cycle you
love your pony cycle whether you end up
naming him chocolate chocolate that's
right on see you guys make sure you
check that out for now all I had an
awesome awesome birthday party huh or
birthday I hope you guys enjoyed this
video make sure you give it a big thumbs
up if you did and we'll see you guys
tomorrow what do you say hi
boop-boo-boo-boop
you
