wherever you are that's what ever wanna
be that big inside
just one another
trucks again
good morning boys
that was quite possibly the longest good
morning ever look at our two kiddos they
are wearing a surface Soros t-shirts the
same ripped up jeans and even the same
shoes yeah I love matching boys yeah we
love making them match all the time
we're getting ready for church
What's Wrong Finn you don't like your
shorts oh they're all ripped up they
have holding them hatch holes in it but
they got patches behind us oh yeah it's
like we're now buying distressed fixed
shorts right all right Ally you do a
morning dance all right ready 22:16
16:15 we're ready for the jig we're
ready for the day huh
well hey there guys we actually just got
home from church well didn't just go
home we got over in church and we
actually took a little nap and now we
have a bunch of people over and we're
actually go swimming Brian little nappy
we were so long like I think we actually
hung out at the church for a little bit
and like played and had some fun the Sun
just like that like that it's really oh
we take a nap but now we have all our
family and stuff over so we're going to
something to have Sunday actually we go
grab the GoPro we're going to go do some
swimming together got the handy-dandy
GoPro let's see yeah
just thing it's so cool we play with
this the other day so we'll see if other
people want to play with it today too
all right in here hey hi
you go get in the pool oh boy just
looking at itself
you
long ago
all right let's see you hold your breath
the longest Oh Oh Holly when you hold it
along
I already had one more time you know
hold your breath I'm an old I breath do
you do and this time Jimmy there we go I
didn't take my husband ready one two
a world record that was so long on your
unhooking old and fresh forever
yeah one one yeah I've never seen him do
so good
you did read the Khan Academy fuckup at
Vinnie's SOLAS how long you could always
read ready 1 2 3 go get it 1 2 3 under
alright
CJ's underwater denial ready go
I enjoyed the party we're now all out of
the pool of amazing now oh good I'm glad
we are now eating a bunch of food just
literally heating up food making nachos
making tacos making quesadillas and it
is pretty delicious it's kind of like
the perfect Sunday afternoon and I just
had delicious guac
so is Jimmy with nachos and stuff so yep
just a fun get-together with everyone
we've got lego batman on in the playroom
and Lego in real life happening right
here huh what's my sister bill Denali
and also only a towel on a towel move
waha that accurate uh something whatever
your imagination wants to me wow that's
impressive actually so it's got a window
and a door alright a little trash chute
no notice okay yeah are you helping
Ollie yeah we have two huge things of
Legos my sisters and stuff with Legos so
she always put something good use yeah
this whole room was cleaned earlier and
now it is a disaster we didn't have a
lot of kids over but I think you just
destroyed it but I know both these boys
had something to do with it being a mess
in fact specifically took all the Legos
and like jumped them all over the floor
so it is actually this one's bedtime and
always still playing and I did tell them
he has to clean it the whole playroom
tonight before he goes to bed okay
I see
you're building something that looks
pretty cool he's building Legos while
watching Legos and having a great time
this is looking for the chair it is a
little invest in here actually honestly
it's just like a mess it's not dirty at
least it's not like food and like drinks
and stuff so that's when I can't help -
it's all in the playroom I really don't
mind if it's in the playroom when it's
all over the house I'm like okay guys
everybody clean up what do you think is
adjustable in the play rooms a mess yeah
it's not that bad as long as it's in the
play room and all he's actually really
good about cleaning so that's nice
alright but soon can you think I need to
Ollie and get my hug and kiss go get my
hug and kiss what are you trying to
distract me Oh Ollie would you give him
a hug and kiss me eyes
it is Ollie give him a hug and a kiss
and say can I come your brother how did
it go I know it's like oh I got is that
love you hi bud garage that house today
no nope refusing bedtime sorry Gary
you've been on a bedtime strike and nap
time - guys the lash like you do is go
go
goodnight Ben no it's been really rough
though guys he does not and you've been
like totally striking out nap and oh
that's no fun
Oh looks like you're going to sleep in
the cabinet 9s like oh gosh come here
you like the little cupboard boy a
little boy in the cupboard yeah boy
micawber
per quarter say night-night yeah you can
use the polymer pillow
you
