Holly what's in your playroom right now
oh that is a real spider ollie oh my god
we're gonna go
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
that big inside
just one
coming again
Oh
with me
good morning guys we are making
reference actually we are not Beverly
faces we became pregnant she just made
these delicious pancakes and all he
asked for rainbow pancakes is she made
them tie-dye she's like that's a lot of
work all he ate all his breakfast and
finding his breakfast daddy's eating his
breakfast how is it mom pretty dang good
huh I'm having hash browns
I already had a couple pancakes but I'm
going to eat some hash browns and eggs
and we're gonna have Sunday moon I'm a
girl
are you having to helping make it
breakfast too
are you talking yes Ben is having a lot
of fun with her
this is call her good thing she
absolutely adores being shot oh okay
okay I don't think he hurt you I think
she just licks it they're all about that
drama huh aw she just kisses gonna go
get him friend go good good jump on him
oh you guys are playing so great today
aren't you get him get him get him
kiss him give him kisses you got you
ollie
I'll just even doing the dunk that's
funny Oh wake up brother wait got open
give you a little more time you okay
Ben you cannot pull people's hair that's
not nice there's not nice don't sit on
him off these kids are so cute
that's life so well and then they always
take it just a little too far huh
yeah let's be nice okay
boop-boop in the approval then did you
go poopoo do you need to change your
diaper oh I think we need to change your
diaper look you got me a diaper and some
wipes grab a diaper in from what so I
can you change you grab a diaper Finn
grab a dipole all right we got some
wipes good I'm gonna need 20 more of
those
I need some diapers hey I want to take a
bath there we go
all right it's the time to change your
butt finally these two boys are settled
chillin together eating fruit snacks and
watching Moana my sister and I are in
the kitchen and we are making a shrimp
guacamole bite so we have Tostitos
scoops we are going to fill them up with
guacamole and then we are going to top
it with fresh cooked shrimp I'm so fetid
well you don't have to eat them more for
us check out these scoops we just load
it up or piped some guacamole and now we
are taking the shrimp that we cooked and
placing them inside my genius shrimp
guacamole bites you guys and it's going
to be such a good luck hey guys what
here Oh funny sometimes
alright Missy is on a mission to make
cookies making cookies she's going to
make cookies
the boys are hopping in the pool so I'm
going to try and get some cool footage
one thing I haven't done while they're
in the new pool is the drone so I got
everything out I have my GoPro with a
stick I got the drone I got this camera
and I'm gonna try and get some cool
shots of Ollie jumping off of the frost
because it's so awesome thing him do it
so brave I haven't worn this drone in a
minute you guys I'm excited to get it in
the air
well
so the boys are out there swimming and I
am working on a little recipe it's
basically just cookies but I found it
this one specifically on Facebook and I
feel like a lot of times you like scroll
to Facebook and you see a recipe that
was absolutely amazing and then you make
it real I feel like this is not turning
out how I want it so I think we're going
to see how it turns out but I was really
excited about it and let me just tell
you guys I have six chickens they're
always laying eggs and I always have
eggs in here
so guess what I have no eggs I think we
just made like a ton of eggs this
morning and I gave them to like some
friends and I have zero eggs I'm
actually gonna have to go check the
chicken coop and hope that there's just
two eggs that's all I need for this
recipe I do I am NOT going down and
buying that would be so mad I'm like
right in the middle of it I didn't even
think to check about eggs like always
having hey here we go
oh hi I know what I care of bazillion
bees oh okay I thought I heard bees it
was actually Brian strung came in okay
did you lay me to me I see one I need to
I need to lady that you do oh my god
family we did one egg so far today that
is not enough okay which one of you is
ready to lay an egg get up there and lay
one for me
good I'm so fun I'm going to check
outside maybe they I play lady went out
there you guys I just found an egg
sitting up here I don't know how long
it's been sitting there I think I'm
going to check this Davis bad but that's
two eggs now
ah I hope this one okay still all right
so I've got my two eggs this was the one
that was just laid today and this one I
has been out for a few days sitting on
that ledge and I know there's a test
where if you drop an egg into water it
if it sinks it's still good if it floats
it's bad like don't eat it I think
that's how it goes all I know is that
this one is the good one
so let's see what it does okay yeah so I
guess not thought this is a good egg and
it sunk so as long as this egg sinks to
and doesn't float so we should be good
okay I mean they both think so like
they're probably still there all it
probably looks good right right I think
that I really don't think it's been out
there for a line he's know there's like
two days tops so I'm going to use it
look at all this delicious food Brian
just cooked all that up and it is
delicious
we got the Duncans over and we're
basically having a little going-away
party for this guy Casey right here you
tend off to New York to film something
really cool and we're really excited for
him well you guys know when it's out in
what he's filming once everything is
done so but yeah I was really excited
we're sad to see him leaves but works
I'd go to New York to visit him since we
find look at these awesome tacos
YUM that looks so good
we got it all here so we're excited
all right we're playing giant you know
giant tsunami
you're showing it drugs everyone okay
it's actually a lot harder because like
yourself yeah it seems really hard um
gonna just try and it really
sucks keep grabbing water then is in bed
he completely skipped his nap tonight or
today and it was a rough rough day cuz
he watched you tried make like an hour
so he went to bed he went to bed like
not too early just like a good time but
it was rough he was just like miserable
to be so tired so nice that he's asleep
and I think we're gonna watch some big
brother were episode shut up
no man no hands wha oh my god what with
me yeah anyways we're going to finish
this game and then go watch them BB
Holly what's in your playroom right now
oh no that is a real spider Holly
oh my god we're gonna go get it did you
get it
it's like wiggling in his hands you're
so brave all you know that is so great
and you're on the table all you have to
joke for you you guys go ahead break off
little wait what do you call a fly with
no wings I don't know what a la a walk
because if a fly doesn't have wings he
has to walk right or run or crawl right
fine
what why you can't fly because you have
no link
oh I try to teach oli jokes
unlike the concept of jokes what's the
other joke you know about the butterfly
Papa told you to you how about it a
strawberry or what a butterfly with a
butt on it
something about a butterfly a buck let
me know if you guys have any good
toddler jokes it down in the comments
below that would be really fun to read
with ollie huh yeah hey Jeff what today
I laid in the pool yeah did some pretty
cool tricks huh yeah
is it getting bedtime yeah it's getting
to be that time it's really late
9:00 tonight thanks for watching guys be
sure to click that icon in the corner to
watch more fun videos and we will see
you manana Holly where are you oh no
where's only I can't see him I can't see
him I kid Sam spanky booty is this Holly
Holly is this Holly is this Ali into the
selfie this Valley
you
