yeah what do you guys catch oh there's
an actual site as well
Payton took care that wherever you are
that whatever wanna be that big duck
inside
just wanna
coming all trucks again
forever you're with me Sam I know it's a
good way good a good good morning I feel
like I have like a little classroom here
okay oh thank you good morning guys that
we actually are off the swim school and
I got a call that there was an incident
in the pool I don't know what that
incident is what do you think it is
girls are killer over crew probably they
just pushed it back about 30 minutes and
I why I just got the house so we came
here to kill some time and so we're
playing in the playroom I'm actually
really looking for this sim pop since
the kids have been in the swim in the
pool a lot more swimming I feel like
they're getting so much better at
swimming it's much more comfortable I
think even always really excited to show
her how good he's getting at swimming
across the pool and spin is getting so
good at swim too has live doesn't do
students cool huh you're just so good at
something you don't need some school huh
all right we finally music swim and the
pool looks clean there's no floaties
anywhere so that's good and all you can
take my doing so good I just Instagram
story um some stuff that they did and
we're doing really good I'm really
excited to see his big arms though so
hopefully he shows us the big arm Bend
excited for his swim class - he's
watching watching him swim
he is so slow it's like rubbing his
belly and patting his head you can't
seem to get old things down breaking and
doing bigger but it's like so close
release it really goes down there
attempting to help gets the airplane out
of the water I like to see how all he
does
Oh
oh you did so good and how do you you do
good yeah stop
oh it was just like that with scream
it's really really good I'm so proud of
these boys they're doing so good
although I am excited to switch classes
and I'm actually just excited for the
summer because they're going to start
getting so much better at swimming and
just like really getting more
comfortable in the water maybe I get
home before these kids fall asleep he's
like they're both so tied like can we
just close our eyes less it all it does
and I know Finn kind of falls they've
tried don't get home right now and one
kids down one to go over there hello
guys it is now lunch time we have the
whole crew in lunch how to swim go Ollie
good did you do your big arms across the
pool yeah while watching the play you it
and they use their imagination what you
guys catch a spider where oh there's an
actual spider well Peyton took care of
that they savage all right Jeffrey wants
to try the shock ball yeah grab it row
Oh more like Gary shocking more than
forget not but the hey you know what's
funny too because I woke up with all
these little tiny cuts on my hand and I
I swear I don't know if it's from it
look at there's one on my pinky there's
one right there
did I keep it moving yeah it's a friend
in your houses even it back there goes
yeah
she's strong if you guys did not see us
do the shock while roulette challenge
check out the video in the iCard in the
corner of the screen to those quite fun
all these reaction was really funny too
they have you looked in the fridge I did
I tell is a really fancy guy we got a
special gift today from fullscreen who
is our new YouTube network yeah we're so
excited about fullscreen cookie so it's
by this company called milk never heard
of it and they also got us these
truffles so these are birthday truffles
chocolate malt cake truffles look at
this tin this is so cool yeah like on it
I've never heard of the milk brands oh
wow corn cookie a good compost coming on
dressed
oh it's kind of chunky young Oh
chocolate chocolate cookie thank you
full screen for the goodie box for free
cookie this is so cool
oh boy okay
what happened so sad we were just
swimming in the pool I had a super fun
time came out we're relaxing on these
chairs
I saw it land on him I tried to not
panic but I tried to tell Missy and then
I think all we knew exactly what was
happening and he started wiggling and
freaking out and then I got him enough
to make it they believe this thing not
really fast really easily but he's
definitely like it's definitely swelling
ticker
it's okay Ollie we got to my son okay
like you like the ice buddy yeah and if
you got the stinger out super fast I was
super impressed as a babe I got nails
yeah but now you know what it feels like
to be son might be huh it was a bad be
huh okay how can I kids are always
getting stung by bees by the pool I
don't understand always like on the
ground has puzzling rocky the kids are
running around yeah Stefan
yeah you guys know of anything that we
can put around the pool to keep the bees
away let us know in the comments below
because this is bad okay buddy
how does it feel gotta put the ice I
keep the ice but I still good with the
ice on yeah
also grab these eyes it's okay
there you go host oh there we go
he was taking evenly it turned a
Venusian taking forward we see it can I
see it buddy
oh yeah Ollie ollie it's really not bad
buddy yeah things like oh I put them in
your job oh did you tell me me what
happened
yeah he's being really really brave I'll
brave I know that's a really tender area
and I think we're gonna go lay down
so I step on it okay I said no just
regular eyes yeah getting bigger
hopefully is not actually mine that was
like not fun
I was like yeah Ollie I'm so proud of
you dude found it
all right Finn is coming over to help
you feel better Ali's kids okay yeah I
love you all these yeah yeah you're all
comfy now in your pajamas so you're
gonna stay here with Mimi and Papa and
I'm gonna leave no I'm gonna stay here
with you buddy I'll make sure you're
okay all right your arm hurt does it
feel better though yeah this is what he
wanted to do he want to put on the damn
isn't lame I didn't know this one like
it Betty okay I am now in my company
clothes it is officially comfy times and
I feel so bad for ollie but he is doing
so well with his very first meeting if
you guys didn't know
Missy actually got her first feasting a
couple of hours ago I'll put it in the I
card in the corner click it watched that
video because it's very interesting
got her first bee sting and all he just
got his first bee sting I've been stung
so my first bee-sting hopefully it's not
coming but that it's been finished still
a possibility to have completed but we
never forgot but it's always been so
good I have a little something that I
was saving for him I'm going to break it
out and see if it takes is my nothing's
and makes him feel that something from
my handy-dandy Disney bag I actually saw
this and I bought it for me because I
thought that it would be so fun to play
and I I'm just a big kid clothes dry
clothes ice so I saw all that I would
have so much fun with clothes right keep
your clothes you dried clothes kill them
what is it yeah it's actually really
cool because it's not like an electronic
toy it's spring-loaded and guess what
you hook them onto these little jumper
thingy and then you crash them that
sounds cool
yeah and these are the cars three
Thunder hollow Creek eight demolition
sets okay
good open it and play with it yeah do it
in time all right let's open it up boy
he wants too many toys channel huh
all right all you ready to do this guy's
alright watch three two one fire wow
that's so cool
let's go again oh yeah you want to build
a wall and then we can crash it open see
we can poke a wall he's very random set
of Legos that he just brought me yeah
that's kind of working alright we got
our little makeshift wall here built you
ready to crash through it alright fire
and go whoa aim for the wall Oh fun then
you want to try and shoot it yeah he's
like how I set this up I'll beg can you
place the button on the top push it push
it really hard
whoa Ollie's got the car oh I caught it
boom him
alright load it up again we're gonna
push it forward and I cool wow yeah
that's cool I'm gonna get you Finn
I'm gonna get you
my thank you I crashed in your car I
have more toys look what I got you - for
you all he looks been got card toys -
baby
wow he go got sterling Ricky racer
Lightning McQueen Cruz Ramirez and
rookie racer wait it's too big already
I'll look at all these cars we can play
with now do you like those Ben yeah
ready
Shoom Lightning McQueen so these ones
are actually like diecast metal yeah a
really nice look at this Lightning
McQueen that's a pretty good Lightning
McQueen say broom broom to make a tower
of cars I will say one thing all I has
not complained about his be eest ing
they seem to be working
distraction is the key and loves these
cars he's so happy whether the day they
lived a novela Breda
hey Ari dude it's done by B today see ya
and and how's it feel I did it feel good
but it doesn't feel that bad either huh
yeah I am honestly like so surprised he
played he ain't dinner and he's feeling
good huh hey I'm sorry you got stung by
a bee yeah but my Ally still a huge
medal now it does good we put a little
bit of lavender on it
it should help you sleep also you tired
easy yeah I love you yeah thank you
it always sucks when your kids get hurt
ye I'm sorry by bees yes mostly by bees
yeah Donny I yeah well that's all for
today's vlog vlog hope you guys enjoyed
it if you did be sure to give it a
thumbs up thumbs up
subscribe leave a comment yeah it'd be
thumbs up
Oh leave a comment if you had a be like
a pet bee what would you name it what
would you name your pet be a jeong-ja
are you about it thanks for watching
guys hope you enjoyed today's vlog let's
see him in Yaya Lee what do you say I
mean
