hey guys and welcome to a very special
bonus video our sponsor Mattel partners
with us in the making of this video
today we're going to be celebrating the
release of Mattel brand new enchantment
doll with a fun little DIY that I
thought would be perfect to have all
these cousins in daily here for high
viewing is ours you do you have this a
fast useless these are so cute
can you show them this is risky spot in
her test lick I love the fact that
they're half animal attacks cumin how
cool is that
look at her tail she's matching her
little pet she's got a matching tail
that's so fun yes I love her makeup
inner ear
aren't they so cute that makes it was so
cool looking all right what is your
favorite being a Faustian channel
because their best friend is their test
yeah I log on to whoo I love how they
just love their animals so much and they
look just like them if you return into a
of their channels which one would you be
this feedback felicity pot what if we
actually did that let's turn you into an
advancable let's do it okay Bailey are
you ready to turn into Felicity pop
they're going to be a real life enchants
most all yeah excited - huh scared NSA
up - we'll see
ah
you
it's starting to look so good make sure
if you're doing this kind of a DIY that
you were only doing it with parental
supervision
all right you're almost done
hey are you ready to see what do you
think it looks just like Swiss me bah ah
you're so pretty I love it
now I need Nigerians Mattel's new
enchants mole dolls are such a cool
group of girls that are fun and friendly
and what I think is really cool is their
best friend is their pet and I've always
thought a karma is definitely one of my
best friends but also a best friend to
others I think animals have a really
cool keen sense of understanding humans
emotions
and I've always felt that way about
karma oh boy come here come here
yeah even let's try split-- the box hi
baby
hey Polly let's see his OS ice and new
trick yes dude it give him so many yeah
let's keep them to roll over
hey calm down Wow alright let's see some
how to dance now Hey
alright come up yeah good job good job
yeah just lie good yeah what are these
cute girls with all their best friends I
love what the bunny rabbit one if you
must thank you you want a bunny rabbit
as your best friend
me too mica you're welcome you look so
cute if you have fun good thank you so
much for watching this bonus video
parents and registered users you can
click the link down below to check out
the enchants will YouTube channel and
learn more about these cute new dolls
and maybe you can learn how to take an
old dog new tricks too
