so the party may have officially
commenced but this is going to be the
technical commencement yeah carrying the
giant ball into the pot whatever you are
that's where I wanna be that big dump
inside
oh yeah
coming on to you
you're with me
morning good morning
what are you doing Ali eat your mice
play they're your friends you know what
those are actually called you know
Celine yo let me know good morning guys
today is going to be a fun day we're
having our most epic pool party ever and
we're setting up right now we have
flamingos we got to set up in the yard
did you miss me while I was gone yeah
you had lots of fun though we got the
donut wall set up Papas over here
helping out we are slowly getting things
ready for tonight's party and these
flamingos need to go chill in the yard
like natural flamingos how we love them
ha ha ha Finn you got yourself a birdie
yeah leaving the giant popsicle I think
good morning Finn did you miss that
what the duck is this do you like this
ollie
what is it a giant dog huh look at all
he's even wearing sunglasses how cool
good morning guys I got like a crazy
morning setting up and Kelsey are taking
a little bit right now because we're you
get freaked and yet you convinced me to
go get another oh god I hope gonna be I
know it's like the day of the party and
we're not doing it the same way she did
it we're going to like go to the food
so hopefully goes well I'm excited
actually I've done before and I've been
really happy with the results so well
you got one now put it on top there you
go
see if you can get another one the other
side grab it
good job dude he's like try to put it
back
we're setting up all the giant games for
the full party tonight giant Jenga is
one of them when all he actually does
play this game he likes it yeah I was
thinking okay I make it play this kid
yeah we did used to play this game a lot
huh he only likes watching it fall
though so we also have giant inflatable
bowling you have a giant Kinect for and
check us out we also have giant you know
I think this is going to be so fun
that's the size of the cards compared to
my hand we have an emergency you guys
the beach ball the giant beach ball blew
out the pool over the fence
and down
on the other streets over there so we're
going to rescue it dude you look like a
pop pop or peach bow oh my god it look
like it's deflating we may have to
repair it if we can
yeah it went all the way from the pool
over this edge and basically rolled
through here
that's hilarious is it bad yeah it is
like thorns oh shoot
operation save the b-positive exactly
this is beautiful we have to take it to
the hospital packed it up a little bit
what do you guys guys no kids allowed no
kids allowed what are you doing nobody
look who's here Ellie is here we are
blowing up balloons oh my goodness well
we only had one you so we're not sewing
summer anymore we tried to be trendy and
do like big balloon words that spell
summer and it was an epic fail now we
know you just get multiple of each
letter just in case - e he has been
napping almost all day and he is up and
running around with all the kiddos now
Calvin huh again stylist bro
I'm ready for this pool-party man yeah I
guess we're having a pool party we're
having a pool party well now we are now
that you're here where these yours would
you drop it from the sunglass pocket
these are mine but I saw the sunglass
bug and I was like so we look you're
definitely gonna lose those yeah I've
got all of this today because I forgot
everybody Jared is rocking this epic
farmers tent - it's actually not too bad
it's a little bit of a gradient yeah
there's a little gradient there with
varying shirts but you know you're from
Utah man he doesn't have a tattoo but he
just has a farmer stand yeah it's like a
temporary tattoo this will all turn
Holly's like I don't understand why
don't you just turn brown like me give
Jared a hug did you even say hi to Jared
oh I love her Molly
so we're still setting up for the pool
party tonight but the thing is it is an
adult's only pool party we like to throw
adult only parties so that parents don't
worry about their kids they can take a
couple times a year and relax and have
fun without having to worry about kids
so all he really needs to so before he
leaves tonight he's going to go swimming
hey all you want to ride on this magical
unicorn all right hop in look how cool
this is
look at that yes he is riding a magical
unicorn pool floaties in the water
whoa you kicked them look at this you
guys we even got a giant pink flamingo
you are right on the Flamingo how about
it hang on oh look at him relaxing all
right Ollie's sincere the official
protector how's the water bill is it
warm yeah all right how about let's go
down the slide go go go
he's distracted by the giant cookie how
the date yeah it is Ollie what is that
that is a giant shark balloon that Missy
is controlling with a remote control
that's crazy babe how come we've never
seen these look at that Alex scare
freaky duh dun dun dun casual just a
shark swimming through our kitchen right
now good then get it hey try to write
Frederick
you got on a plane and came here I love
you dude yeah
welcome to the heat I just now realized
Katie and Colin have never been to our
house crazy boy here really right it's
so weird
didn't really feel like this business
yeah welcome to our house guys radio
the boys are all packed up we just said
he's so satisfied with his best Oh
Finn's got his paw patrol backpack on
Ollie what's in your backpack ooh
dinosaur nice by the way do you see him
casually leaning up against there in his
model post ever since you did photos he
like knows how to pose now Ollie posed
against the door all the YouTube bras
are here in Owen IRL in a lightweight
vacuum
all right the pool party is started
people are getting in the pool we're
getting ready to have some fun so sadly
the kids have to go oh that's okay
though right the boys are going to meet
me in Papa's house guess what your
birthday party is next month huh you
know that we're gonna have a huge pool
party just for you next month okay yeah
I love you Carol
let's go kiss mama goodbye okay I told
ollie that we're having a pool party for
him next month because it's his birthday
and he literally grabbed my face and
kissed it twice and then kissed the
camera we're going alone what are you
gonna go get yeah yeah
the party has officially begun people
are rolling in food is being served
drinks are being poured and our friends
are enjoying our pool which is literally
what this is all about I'm so excited to
see all these people in their school
right now calling you dog check this out
all shrimp ceviche Thank You Katie your
genius
look at my proper Oh roof the BJ holder
hahaha look at Jared and Ally just
having the time of their lives Oh hahaha
they've been relaxing on the giant
unicorn they look so comfortable
yeah man unicorn drink holders what's
that dude so the party may have
officially commenced but this is going
to be the technical commencement yeah
we're going to launch this ball into the
pool I know but you talked about this
carrying a giant ball into the park
Jonah wall commences look incredible
babe
it smells so good too cannonball contest
it's beginning Karl is headed up first
Oh Randy going up now
that was a good one
the girls are judging and the
competition is intense
ready Jimmy head it up now
da was the French notice how he actually
screamed cannonball I don't know man
I've been training this for quite a
while and I'm ready to compete headed up
next I drool oh that's high are you okay
and here Davey BMOC ball was a nice
touch
: up next been training for this moment
Tokyo 2020
ah mcdougal of us now everyone's lifting
the judges I feel like it keeps just wet
I tell you go away of 3% through the
cannonballs why would you right now do
it bro
take up up next whoa one drink
oh that was a good one you guys you got
your work
Oh
you
check this out you got some friendly
competition going on Oh
Parker's just aiming for you bro get him
down Jim ha ha ha so hey Emily you
enjoying yourself yeah you enjoy
yourself all right guys a battle is
beginning between Charles and I in the
boxing ring or not it's not you've got
the most logbook and together the facts
Julie we're gonna turn it really
friendly and yeah they're going to get
really really no totally that's going to
happen yeah fear me Nicole Burgess on my
birthday
Brooke
hey devil Biggins is Ruthie right
combining down I just wanna know
Oh
oh I can you
Oh
Oh
you
