ginger y'all Oh generated casting
wherever you are that's whatever wannabe
big
just one around
just again
come to every
me Alexa playlist song this is home by
Bryan Lanning here's a sample if this is
home by Brian Lenny playing like dog
it's like my son good morning you guys
we are hanging out in the Calvin Klein
suite here at VidCon pretty dope good
giant screen with the photobooth that we
just did kid you not I was just on that
screen and it was the most horrifying
thing ever I don't think I've ever
looked more like a dad and look there's
Missy good morning toon Missy look
you're on the screen and this is picking
out some underwear and they're going to
bedazzle it with a choice of hat I like
the cactus or the donut yeah
NL jeez there I am this happening look
how bad I love you guys all in high
skelton missing
and we are now at Disneyland just when
you're nearby we can't just reflect
magnet holes of sorta the cutest thing
ever in the world just happened over on
the W wander Channel
Kelsey cried I got goose club I had sort
of tears it was pretty amazing so be
sure you go subscribe two steps to
wander with the iCard in the corner of
the screen and watch it yeah we're at
Disneyland we just have a couple hours
here so we actually have a big meeting
back at the convention center and then
we're going to do some really really fun
stuff at the expo hall at VidCon today
but we're nearby we had to do in this
each other
it's not Disneyland unless you pick up a
tutti fruiti lollipop
seriously my favorite thing ever so they
have this whole other side of frontier
land open finally and a new display for
Star Wars land oh I have goosebumps
right now on a remote outpost planet new
adventures await check that out they're
gonna have the Millennium Falcon Wow
yeah all this has been closed up for so
long they finally opened it up and it
connects fantasy land with frontier land
which is new it is a beautiful day here
at Disneyland you guys we've just been
eating snacks and walking around what a
couple rides and now we are headed back
to the shop
oh hello mrs. white get it because you
were snow you're Snow White earlier
we've been playing and hanging out
together huh did you have fun at Disney
did you love did you get those eyes
aldair goodbye oh we're back at the foot
come on oh it is so hot outside lots of
walking we're ready just relax a little
bit before the crazy VidCon stuff starts
all right the girls got Calvin Klein
jean jacket which are a little boring on
the front but yeah I'm not a regular mom
I'm a cool mom though they're so cool
right yeah I gave her my jacket there so
yeah I love it
we suck you
we are walking in to the VidCon and so
all you guys go up yeah let's do it
they have closed down VidCon for us
featured creators so that we can enjoy
it dude
they have a design your own doughnut
station over there I saw having a lively
like a mile-long game earlier not the
nice this is so cool that so there's so
many like little fun things that you do
and I believe they're food somewhere so
we're going to look for some food and
grab something
misty is giddy right now because the
turtles are out I feel like looking die
you need to go out there but can you go
clap I dare you I double dog triple dog
dare you to flap the bus go go jump up
there buck
hey hey watch where you put your hands
drop a step oh you got your sissy free
candy check out who is here to show you
guys hop socket with the apparently we
can get our picture taken and they'll
print it on a pop down
well apparently their camera isn't
working but I got one of these cool neon
one color pop suckers playing look at
these cool Orbeez zombies they're called
zorbing and what is their sale price for
each other apparently if you crush
Orbeez it becomes moldable check that
out but it's so cool
Ollie would love that um well or under
the rainbow I guess in this case they
have a lounge area with just a ton of
floaties this might give you guys a
little spoiler as to what our pool party
is going to be about yes I think I
ordered that one this one will be at the
pool party but ours had sunglasses on it
look at this one that is cool Corbin's
riding a unicorn we are hanging out at
genius kitchen sprinkled by the Food
Network you guys we are going to be
making like Dona this is our donut
station
Lacey and I are going to be decorating
our own Donuts I got a chocolate one
with light rocketing on all that looks
so delicious and now I get to decorate
it with all this fun stuff I'm going to
take out blue blue one blue fruit loops
only Missy's going hard with the
frosting whoo babe that's pretty
whoa sprinkler fire oh you guys need
this one it's like pink and it's got
marshmallows in the middle
mine's got like Clark and bloopers lips
and marshmallow
but I got it I'm making a whore oh look
at that
she made is that I can you call that a
unified eyes look a little interesting
maybe I can see man is way better
you made a unicorn donut make them
pretty crazy epic colorful donuts here
at genius kitchen that looks fun alright
again we're here at the Hasbro booth
they have cake - Tucker
you can stop typing skyhigh going to do
the hammer and I'm going to get by - the
same
ah good day and Kelsey are trapped in
the box can you guys get out oh here we
have a knight in shining armor
so they gave Mickey and Kelsey a little
flip lock that's so cool
look how epic this is the Instagram
booth always has to one-up last year
this is they have a wall where you can
add your kind comments because that is
all the comments you guys should be
leaving on Instagram and YouTube right
kind comments only yeah I know they got
something crazy
whose it is oh my gosh Instagram this
John
shut up Instagram boo I'll look at
Kelsey and her shades Rocking okay misty
is actually too comfortable right now
quick ginger y'all oh your hair just
drag it all over the floor alright we
just got back from the Convention Center
it was so much fun we have a whole group
here now action but anyways we're just
going to have a fun night tonight I
think I should go out and do something
fun what you're going to plant in this
wish oh my gosh
I think we're going to go out but
anyways go ahead in the video make sure
you give this video a big thumbs up hey
everyone some substance in use I will
see you guys tomorrow
