what are you doing right now babe no you
just had to get into the head of things
didn't you ollie how do I look
good bye girl Oh what do you think of my
hair Finney ah I see some pieces that we
is my life now wherever you are that's
whatever wanna be inside
Oh
just oh yeah how can you die come and
all access again
I am
with me
good-morning wooden what are you on
right now a horsey
he hasn't been riding his horse all day
and all night
she loves this thing if you guys didn't
see him racing this horse against his
unicorn
I'll have the iCard up below make sure
you click it and check it out it's
pretty adorable you guys are so cute huh
nap time is over so pin it up I thought
go get him real quick how did you sleep
he's got a sound machine goin he's got a
music goin hi did you see how are you oh
yeah you like your style machine oh you
like it on ya click it down antenna good
job this one had a really rough time
going down but then he thought we're not
really good sighs how do you do uncle
eating on this thing doesn't go
backwards so he does need help like
turning it around so okay do you want to
go eat some lunch let's go get lunch
okay go for it
it's so cute a little bit you want to
ride your your unicorn ya know yeah
there's a unicorn it fell over
he's not very but he's not big enough
for this unicorn but Kenny
oh good take a morning together we we're
interesting good you guys do I eat some
lunch
you hungry yeah and to be coming around
mountain when she comes where you going
where are you going
okay now you're stuck all right and he's
off again all laughing Wow
he's actually pretty good at getting it
sexy all if you're not careful yeah fuck
you off yeah hello you guys we've got
pizza for lunch do you want to eat some
pizza for lunch okay yeah yeah Pizza
dipped in ranch and we've got chips and
guac good lumps range loves dippin
things oh you're late you be going
around circles now any Kia doesn't this
pizza look yummy
Wow yeah all right
hey cowboy what do you want to eat for
lunch yummy peanut butter and jelly all
right
all right just finished lunch with the
boys and we have been working all
morning that I hadn't even got the boys
dressed yet so I just got all I dressed
him still in his jammies it works out
pretty well with because when he takes
his nap Emily like morning ish he's
still in his pajamas which is nice
because when he gets into his cribs or
something about him just taking off all
his clothes and it's a lot more
difficult for him when he's wearing
those little onesies so I'm going to go
ahead and get him dressed of course they
have matching outfits available I put
them in it so they're both going to
match again today come on like these
outfits the literally obsessed with
they're just so cute
first of all they're so easy we're like
put on and off I love the fact that I
have like matching because that's like I
don't even have to think about two
different outfits I'm like oh yeah he's
got that one too I'm just going to
change them to this and then they look
adorable all day let's get to change K
these boys are so goofy what should we
do today boy should we do something fun
yeah we should go swimming it's a nice
day out let's go swimmin you were
singing a really cool song see me at
your song again wow you've been singing
all morning really interesting song huh
you're singing something about Finn all
right boys let's see your outfits come
here look at Q these boys like and their
matching outfit oh you want to read a
book that's what that means your big
cake yeah handy bug so here's what's
going on you guys we were shopping one
day a while ago and we picked up these
and the boys are convinced that they are
candy bugs so they're going to try them
ha you like trying new candy cool yeah
they're more like kids okay yeah look at
chess okay so which one do you want the
orange one and a green one
usually these ones crickets bacon and
cheese these ones
also crickets sour cream and onion to
make yummy candy huh
the boys are so excited with Chinese eat
like that yeah let's just let him do one
at a time like I should just take one
and then then do it after always hey
show daddy all right no no it's just a
gummy gummy bug or it's a candy bug try
it
What's Wrong boy no would you want to
try the other one doesn't ones probably
better yeah you want to try one of these
mommy will get one of these for you okay
what did it taste like kind of tastes
like cheese okay let's try this I think
you'll like this one this one is is
really yummy okay yeah these ones are
not cheese it's like it's like a salty
chip yep
all right just pick them up just like
that let's try them you can't what's
wrong Ollie what do they taste like oh
it tastes like salt should we tell them
what they actually are
say again okay boys just so you know
those are not candy they are actual bug
real bugs
employee loans they can fly around yeah
but nowadays but they so someone cooked
them up and they put like seasoning on
what seasoning on them look at this
meeting now oh then why do you keep
trying it he might throw a lot he might
throw up
Oh
what is happening the other side this
one again okay I think been like Somali
this one has some good legs on him all
right Finn is eating a real life but
great night you guys you can't talk of
her what's he doing
boys are so funny yeah we just got our
boys buds robux
oli you ate a real bug you know that and
Bing is continuing to eat the real bugs
and spitting them out all over the place
like legs all over my my favorite new
kids are so funny didn't like a moisture
I'm pretty sure that you're gonna have
to try them me and it gots no I think
you're gonna have to tell no I think you
are I cannot I cannot eat that I
honestly can't I honestly can't what
wait what was all he doing whoa that was
cool all right babes try it November I'm
the camera guy hold the camera no no
it's okay you'll probably feel my wrong
I got it
bolting in your mouth give it a little
crunch have any flavor he's like really
yeah I was excited yeah doesn't even
smell like good job is a bacon cheese
and being better they're all been chewed
up though this seems like dried up bug
so they're not even that great sorry
then he's such a trooper look at though
he's like you got any more hey Tennyson
no I should not try it I guess not you
have to like it
I can tell daddy to lick it let me look
at this looks a little eyes
you didn't even does that one have
flavors these like bug to you
giant eat it I did but do that okay okay
oh my god
that's a vacuum this all like healthy
isn't salty mine was not salty so so
that's it all it was like the mostly
embroidered to this to okay leave that
this whole box is for colouring you guys
Oh such a good smell gram of crickets
4.3 calories so that's that's a no-go on
the bugs then oh - I like your hair
Ricky turned around the show me is here
what's in your hair right now yeah
oh look at your pretty hair and mommy's
pretty hair down my little it's on
grabbers yeah like little hair clips
this boy they're always into your hair
thinks they're always into your makeup
so funny
look at my pretty little son Oh your
hair looks cool Dee's your hair is so
long yes how much we can do with it yes
okay mommy's doing my hair and almost
yours in the goal Amanda almost yeah
come on
should I keep growing out my hair you
guys taking a man bun what do you think
hi wow what are you doing right now babe
no you just had to get into the hair
things didn't you ollie how do I look
good bye girl
what do you think of my hair Finny ah
some pieces that was my life now I
always thought maybe we'd be doing this
if like we had girls but yeah I don't
even find getting bored she's getting
bored and have a girl yeah what do you
guys think of the new hair that's pretty
cool alright man it's your bedtime this
is a little thicker I was like okay it's
time for pie and she's like no I was
like what in the world is so crazy
giving nose and then like five minutes
later he was like nein nein nein nein a
second night to everyone else like well
we actually decided it was time for bed
but then in case is nice like no I don't
want to go to bed
alright go pick out a book you are but
don't push the button book he thinks
it's so funny
so yes you love this one and then this
book is Oliver who is small but mighty
and I've been reading it all over this
book since he was so so little and I
love it like I literally know every
single word I could say this entire book
without reading it and I really wanted
to read it to him but I didn't want to
read it like Oliver to the discounted
Lego is Oliver's books because it had
Oliver like if I didn't have a kid whose
name was Oliver I wouldn't have as much
of a problem reading it but because it's
like Oliver I didn't want him to think
Don just reading a book about his
brother so I changed the name Oliver to
Finlay when I read it to Findlay a leg
works perfectly like I thought oh no
it's going to aspect like the writing
and stuff like that but it totally
doesn't and so now I'm like so excited
this one to spin but change it to his
name some hi my name is Larry welcome to
book there's only one roll don't pit
don't push the button it does look
pretty nice but we mustn't we
that's how that book works
all right let's read these books kc9 a
to the camera you might give kisses oh
good kisses so I made dinner tonight
and I was kind of sick of all the boring
things we've been doing so I got
creative and I just made it this with
some chicken cream of chicken soup milk
I have sun-dried tomatoes in here cheese
and stuffing okay so now is good have
you tried yes
it's like cheesy and creamy and kind of
smells like Thanksgiving in here it
still top stuffing is the best I love it
all the time I'm excited to try it
all right kids are in bed brian is
starting to do some editing and I'm like
new girl still one of our favorites
we've been watching in a ton I think
we're on season four
yeah that's pretty stinking good we've
never watched before so it's pretty
exciting
anyways I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video make sure you give us big 7 cups
endless B day tomorrow
you
