oh he wants a sword bag why do you only
have to bring a gun to this fight
wherever you are that's whatever wanna
be on top inside
never so cute me down coming all
come to happy
me
oh good morning boys where are we going
we're walking in a church and you guys
look like you're right out of a
Backstreet Boys music video or something
it's really bright out here yet boys are
matching for church like we usually do
you look so cute
what are we going to learn about in
church Olli we're gonna learn about
Jesus okay again yeah all right let's do
this already you found a church I did
have to change Vince i perimeter fence
but I think they were doing really good
nursery now we got doughnuts what do you
got
did you draw a picture oh that's so cool
dude all right Ellie what did you learn
about you learned about Jesus yeah
that's not cool what did they teach you
about him you don't know did he had to
drop something about back home ha yeah
mama got you doughnuts you did so good
yeah cuz I want to change go knack here
you go big I don't
and there you go what do you say Olli
you're welcome
Church and donut make these two boys
extremely happy Wow let's go get us
when you got there Ollie's what is that
crack is a crap whoa it also kind of
looks like rap sitting in the chair and
then all of a sudden it was not like you
can see like oh my gosh yes we just got
home from chargin is a beautiful Sunday
afternoon I mean it is not hot in the
least
it's like low low low 80s it's so nice
there's literally like a cool breeze
it's just amazing like the perfect
weather these boys are inside their
church postal and they're like mom get
us our bathing suits we're going
swimming
you wanna go swim yeah you want to swim
he always wants this one do you guys
didn't see in swimming in yesterday's
ball y'all so check it out we have it up
in the iCard it is literally the most
amazing footage of him like jumping and
swimming to the bottom of the deep end
then he is three years old and he swims
to the bottom of the deep end and he
like grabbed things with his mouth
sometimes just like grab rings with his
mouth at the bottom kind of sit there
for a second and then just like swim to
the top like it's nothing I mean
yesterday we just we definitely caught
some really cool footage and I was just
so happy that we have that to look back
on because it is absolutely amazing
still to this day I'm his mom and I'm
just like oh my god it's amazing these
boys are good swimmers so anyways
heading attention and probably got his
bathing suit on looks like me me and
uncle are in the pool time to get in the
pool huh
check them up this is near engineer boy
all right Vincent is swimming gear he's
ready to get in you didn't go jump okay
man you ready ready 1 2 3 jump
Oh ready 1 2 3 jump how's it feel it
feel good yeah how's it feel Holly oh
yeah that's the next time that's really
nice Christmas is definitely on a cool
day like today
oh my gosh you guys a unicorn and a pony
just magically appeared at our house I'm
freaking out boys Holly thing come here
what where did these come from because
they both know which one is theirs what
do you think ollie all you do is go up
just bounce up and down there you go I
like jump jump you look at your riding a
horse he dude there you go
whoa dude you're on a real galloping
horse dude that is so cool ha ha
Finny you got to learn how to control
that Unicorn
oh we cross the unicorn
all you had giddyup - this horse all the
way to our front door what's it like
riding a horse cowboy it's kind of like
a cowboy yeah oh really so all you had a
horse what would you name it or what
would you like to name this horse think
think about it what do you think would
be a good name for horsie another John
that's a foreign name come on boys
all right you want to come inside but
you didn't know you could ride horses
and doors whoa oh dude
you really got that thing moving you go
into the hallway on the carpet is it
going to work let's see oh look it still
works is it a little harder though yeah
Ben is still learning how to ride the
unified just like a little bit be short
little combo little
I'll push
oh no the horse crashed oh right into
the wall
can you pedal Molly that's pretty cool
to have a horse that you can hide
indoors ollie yeah oh he hears his music
from his bedroom and he's like oh there
you go dude Neil go go go go go as fast
you can is so cool you guys all he has
to do is push those things on the bottom
so neat you're gonna go all around the
healthy guys whoo hopped off a moving
unicorn yeah that'd be cool let's try
then you want to go for a ride on the
horse and up on oh hang on hang on
giving your brother a ride did
babe there's a horse in our kitchen look
at him go ha ha ha this is so cool huh
yeah go go go
you little flow on the carpet yay try
and find him go go go
let's go see peace in our Mama's nobody
hi Ben are you gonna finish that I
really disappointed cooks me dinner time
is over and the boys are poor now he
runs a sword bag like animal oh look
who's here
why do you always have to bring a gun to
this fight my fin like would be my
painful
boy they play so rough but they love it
like they relive it so funny
and Ghul is getting more weapons
together are you bringing the spark gun
now by the way yes they asked to get
their Legos down and now the Legos are
everywhere so that kind of defeated the
purpose - did this I'm sure actually I'm
sure he did but we're gonna have to
clean these up tonight okay
shouldn't a key okay got him here we go
look who's got a gun now Oh our dishes
have been taking over been trying to a
little bit at a time that's what I've
got left
I'm so tired that was a lot of dishes Oh
more weapons Wow someone's bedtime
you
