ah it's a real-life Moana Maui
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
bigtire
how you died coming all right
again
with me good money and fin says good
morning I kind of think he's asleep
though we got up super early this
morning and we are headed off to a super
fun event called
c-23 basically it's a Disney event it's
like a Disney book convention and we've
always wanted to go that we are running
late we're supposed to be there close me
in at 6 minutes we were super excited
for today I think it's to be really fun
and we get to see some really special
people you know who get to see her King
King are you so excited chuckling
Collins himself New Jersey : he had to
say yeah I think we're gonna have a
really fun Nikki now that is Mickey
Mouse we are here at d23 expo all things
Disney and we just learned about hockey
23 because Walt Disney founded the
company in 1923
he made her and now I see mater and
there's Mickey
you
yes we are we here at d23 the disney
expo altering Sydney and I'm so excited
because we've always wanted to go to
this aisle racino we're huge Disney fans
check this out
this is where we get to play today calm
how are you mallanna look at these boys
writing the Moana boat
all you know who this is don't you
cool it's lightning it's my cool cooking
my heart
here at the Pixar booth they have all
these super cool displays here's Olaf
that's always present
hahahaha oh look we've got wreck-it
Ralph he's so big huh oh my goodness oli
look at that giant Moana hug go look at
it
it's that life-size
it's way bigger than you huh
oli look at this it's a real live
minivan that is so cool look at this
minivan you guys
Hey look who it is mallanna herself all
these you are mallanna huh high gain he
did not gain you're mallanna Colin and
Katie in the house hey thanks for coming
over again you guys ah it's a real life
Moana Maui fun has started to begin so
for those of you who don't know this is
the convention center where they have
VidCon every year so it's so weird just
see a completely new different type of
EXO here I'll be 23
Pirates of the Caribbean boo
it says behold these field rats with a
feeling of sadness from pungently not
but self-willed madness
Oh actually checking out the tentacle
fashion measurement I think the actual
dresses that the princess is born with
Belle dress
Giselle wedding gown check this out you
guys they have Lion King V art
experience happening out here is so cool
I think they're putting you in the crowd
for the Broadway musical that we
actually saw in New York one of the
craziest experiences of my life working
at New York you guys are so funny
alright we just left the d23 Expo it
started to get pretty crowded and crazy
but so much fun and now we are heading
to Disneyland with Colin and Katie this
is our first time to Disneyland we get
to show them our land we're going to
Disneyland it's so excited to take the
team all right
I mean she's saying that if James are
scared on the ride he'll protect her
I'm waiting because that will make her
so this is going to be so cool so we're
going to get to see gains but it didn't
land for the first time if you guys want
to see that be sure to check out the
iCard in the corner subscribe to their
Channel
we'll go check out their first
Disneyland video quite the experience
for them headed into toon town check out
these bright blue skies today you guys
don't let it fool you though it is hot
it's going to be a sweater one today
okay we're all just going to select but
we're walking through toontown now and
there's a special new friend over here
goofy
Holly seems a little unsure all righty
bye goofy bye goofy
bro check out the hinges on the door I
think we can open opening up next level
one hand
we're heading into a minis house now as
you can see I've actually never been in
your house here's her well where she
gets all her fresh water it looks a
little better than that
we create our world yes we are we are by
the go coaster and Olli loves this
rollercoaster so keep seeing him go on
it and a little crazy to be honest but
he likes it
come on dude well you okay saved it
we're going up now are you ready you
have there's all as soon pounds you
ready dude here we go
but now we are in Mickey's living room
you sitting on a couch so that it is
care whoa no fire going because it's
summertime you know me a fire Chloe
you've got a ship in a bottle
pretty cool we're now walking through
Mickey's greenhouse look at all the
carrot pop it up they're so cute
oh we ran into Mickey bye Mickey Holly
is itching to fall in the fountain I
gain and get you guys what are you doing
you're running around the fountain
that's how bad things happen when you
run around the fountain Holly just make
sure you protect games okay games don't
fall in girl
you guys are so silly with your fountain
Missy Missy 666 he wants to dunk his
head so this is what we're doing now so
you cool off and colleague ah let's see
your hair bro all right good job so we
are now eating lunch at the Red Rose
tavern the new place they just decorated
like Beauty and the Beast seems so we
got bail on the wall there's my song and
check this out you guys routine in
Disneyland just got gravy cheese curds
got beef and waffle fries pretty good
what do you got oh look at you you silly
boy Finn's asleep so we are enjoying the
quick lunch at retro family
oh man I was so much fun oh my gosh you
are the best um hack job I will see you
all can you give dinner huh James can I
have a hug oh I love it you know just
little girls us when it Disney today
hopefully we have you really yeah oh my
gosh do you guys see how sunburned I got
today look at that oh that is not fun
missing I are actually bolt sunburned
everyone's asleep you guys are home now
I basically drove with everyone asleep
in the car and then everyone got home
everyone went to bed which is great but
I have like a ton of work to do so I'm
camped out in front of my computer and I
got to get a few things done hate karma
hey you want say hi hey boy but we had
so much fun hanging out at cloning Katy
and Gaines missed little baby Brooks but
we're hoping that we will sue them Gary
but if you guys are not subscribed to
their channel be sure to check out the
iCard in the corner to subscribe to that
I'm gonna send them lots of love thanks
for watching this vlog we'll see you
manana
do you miss me cameras come actually
miss me guys thanks for watching
you
