Oh whoo I'm getting back back Oh
wherever you are that whatever wanna be
locked up inside
just wanna
again
good morning what's up boys then oh hi
you go in to swim class today yeah we
all yeah these are our twin always
matching no matter what day it is all
right you boys ready to go swim class
all right let's go let's go
kiddos this morning we are taking our
little swimmers just women fat you're
going to do really good right Ali
yeah okay just pulled up to swim class
you had to grab good old Starbucks on
the way guys
you crazy Frank we just pulled in for
another restaurant that had like a dog
on it and he's like freaking out like
the littlest things like set him up it
is so funny I've been drinking Starbucks
cold through the sweet cream cold brew
lately and it's been so good you guys
should let us know what you order from
Starbucks in the comments below are you
ready for some class bud or yeah ha
you're so cute all right let's did you
engage in your swimsuit I got home would
think wow this dragon all right all your
up you good okay
you
all right you guys so if you guys
haven't seen Missy and Cassie did this
new challenge called what's in the box
challenge can check out the icon if you
want to go watch it on Cassie's Channel
Missy's now dragging me to do it but
it's actually really fun like okay like
it's okay first of all it's me super
easy it's not easy okay but I actually I
enjoy it it's fun if you so basically
I'm going to be sticking my hand in a
box you guys are going to see what's in
it but I am NOT and I have to guess
what's in it yeah and you're doing the
same thing yep
I mean my just tragic isn't it - okay
we'll try to thing uncle Natalia has got
that smirk on her face see so this is
the box the box oMG they put things here
so you can still see through but
something can't get out oh gosh so it's
got arm holes and do we both stick our
hand in some time with ourselves on each
side you'll put your hand on one side
when you're going to turn in my hand
goes on the other side with my turn okay
when mind over matter okay okay let's
put our hand in the weird box I feel
like my entire life I've been told to
not stick my hand in places that I don't
know what it is but defying all of that
right now
hey I'm up first
yeah okay okay so I'm putting my hand in
the laptop why is this so friggin hard
so funny is okay okay the arm the hand
is going thought it was going in the bus
this is ridiculous okay
it's a ball there's something in the
ball are some my hands on the ball a
wide chantry this is not fun
Oh God oh that okay okay oh no what is
it is it noodle Oh God all got that work
oh we're out there work yeah oh god
their work Oh enough they're not that
scary
are you freaking kidding me
what what are those fears were many
forms you earn there is nice ones I just
touched these are going to love them
look at you don't get your hands are
like playing with them all right your
turn Hey
good luck I did not feel bad for you at
all Hey when people talk and they sit I
can't believe they fit inside the box
all this okay I feel like it's not hi ah
okay don't do that don't do that it does
not like that
it's freaking out what is it this one
this lobster no crab a crab trap ha ha
ha it's crab like my mother
yeah put your nose in the hole Oh God
I know some people spaces all right I'm
going to go again there's nothing here
for me I don't know where is a low right
budget hand down
I am oh man you're not even near the
ground your hands down oh my god it's so
small - God is so cool in your new Pat
Ryan I can't believe you were gonna make
me touch this oh my god he's scared nice
look how cute this little guy is you
guys it's so fluffy
he's always new play thank you no thank
you supposed to keep your hand in
oh yeah and see if they touch it yeah
totally the chickens will love him
they'll actually really good friends
they're the chickens are really good
hosts - these guys look at Kylie he's so
cute wow I was not expecting that to be
in the box this is the most freakiest
game ever but you could literally do it
with nothing in the box I literally was
like as long as I want to eat anything
that I'm fine but I had no idea how
scared I was going to be just let it in
yeah I have a game for you to play all
the
do you want to play it let's go okay so
the point of the game is you have to put
your hand in the box and you can't look
okay you want to do it you feel it know
what so watch this put your hand and
feel it with you and baby looking to see
what's in there boys
know about you it's so excited she's
like oh a new friend
oh you touch them butter very gentle
yeah I never know if he's being serious
with in danger hahaha should she have a
ring on don't do that
stop I hate your face oh okay okay
alright when it is not a spider
to the lovely there's a lot legs let
that way about you know it's a lot of
timing of everything
they literally remind me of the Disney
character like when I look at them the
way they know you're like really going
for it you see what moment touching your
money I might run away oh come on now
with it do you want to tell mama what it
is only cricket you want to touch them
are you going for it yes it's not cool
honey
oh it's not cool well that was quite an
experience what's in the box challenge
that's not woo
Vince again his next place oh so we just
got done filming it we were like what
we're going to do with these worms these
cricket and okay I'm just going to get
into the chicken I don't know if that's
weird are not weird but like seems mean
but there's literally bugs and ate em
anyways so I thought mid we'll just let
the chickens eat them my chickens like
that huh
hi good oh yeah I do you want some yummy
food the early bird gets the worm and in
this case it's middle of the day so the
afternoon they get the room ready here
they all are
oh my god oh oh nasty oh my gosh I would
freak out those were actually my like
worms in the couch they're so happy
what do you think it has
they are goodness she taught herself
cricket you're like the happiest niggas
right now so - oh here and with him
right those are some happy chicken leave
them be though so now you're welcome
huge shout out to leggo in honor of the
Batman will be coming out on DVD they
sent us a couple of Lego kits to do this
is the back wing which is pretty epic
which one are you guys gonna put
together Ollie oh wow so this is
two-face double demolition you and mama
going to do a little Lego project
awesome we love our Legos the cake
where's his cape Ollie loves putting
together minifigs so it's Batman in the
suspect
yeah diamonds in here you got to build
Batman first huh yeah and look all the
ice on his helmet
thank you solo that's right here got it
hey go
I gotta grab this cake there you go he's
such a pro even knows when to put on the
case so cool all right you got his cape
on
now let's pop his head on got to put it
in oh man all right now put his head on
top there you go
push push push good job
all right I just put down the other can
you put this one together for me so mama
made this and we need one that looks
exactly like it with these pieces can
you do it just blossoms go on the bottom
there you go I feel like this is just
like such a good way for him to learn
you know like like a puzzle it uses a
cool part of your brain huh
did you do it look at that dude
good job ollie
I feel like a few people have been
asking about our fish
hashtag we have had him in a certain
tank for like years now and we decided a
search of his tank and give him a little
more space because this thing is not
going anywhere he is around for the long
haul and I feel like he wasn't doing as
healthy as he used to
we can't have his whole bug changed of
everything and now he has much bigger
space now so here's his tank it's very
cool I like the sleekness of it and it
messes spins but it's not what naps then
from this angle but it's actually pretty
wise yeah and I just like how long it is
you had more room yes that's it he's
just swimming around he's a tiny little
fish in this big old tank and I feel
like he's already so much happier
because he didn't really have a lot of
space and the other one and now he's
just been swimming and he never swam
around and now he's just swimming around
which is really cool and I think this
won't be easier to keep clean the other
one I was like every like month it would
just be like disgusting so yep now he's
happy like that'd be little fish in his
happy little tank all I had a Sunday
he's totally passed out in the living
room
you
most of you who might be wondering what
happened to mouth he now lives in Ali's
room he's sleeping over there
yep we kept them really what are we
gonna do with her now so now I guess I
have a mouth of the pet so anyways good
night all he good night mouth we named
him pinky by the way you're like pinky
in the brain all he did not like that
name at all he was like um how do we
calm John always so funny he's like um
pinky no it's good be John so anyways
John's living in Ali's room in hell but
for now our to go ahead and end the
video both kids are asleep and I'm gonna
go knock so make sure you give this
video a big thumbs up see you tomorrow
bye you this book
you
