what baby cute
wherever you are that's ever wanna be
that big
just one around
just again
I'm forever you're with me
you
three eight five nine as a go where is
this puppy huh of course I can talk I'm
a boss baby baby good morning guys today
has been exhausting the boss baby has
been so demanding it's either needs new
milk or needs a diaper change or need
this file sorted or needs an email check
and it's just been one of those
exhausting days hasn't it yes it has
I don't know I guess we had a boss baby
so this is just our life now right so I
now look at you cookies are for closers
hello you guys today I'm hanging out
with ally in his playroom and he is in a
mood let me tell you what's going on
dude oh the boss gave me it's taken my
joy the boss may be taking your toys no
he's not he's just a baby he just wants
to play with them he came and he
dismissed all my toys well I don't think
that's true Olly he's not going to take
your toys as he is he's a bath ball
Seabees he's right
I'm totally gonna steal his toys it's a
boss baby still and he's taken all my
toys and it's not breathing dreaming up
he's been out back I got the cap and
white jeans let's go
thank you
no not my puppy the puppy is a vital
importance I must have it with my coffee
don't follow me away you don't
understand if I don't get rid of the
puppy dog then your parents will think
he's cuter than me and I'll never have a
real family my chance I'm a bit that's
not true
really oh my heart it's feeling things
oh no you no matter what
oh my heart
you
like your baby brother to you we can't
leave it back and that's a wrap that is
a wrap you guys let us know in the
comments what you thought of our boss
baby skit no this was not a sponsored
video our kids are just obsessed with
the boss baby literally watch it all day
every day every day and Ollie has been
dying and asking and begging to dress it
up as the boss baby yeah so we had
together it was actually children like
there so they like love this kind enough
they Ollie loved acting don't you buddy
yeah that's super fun yeah I know if you
guys want to see more fun skits be sure
to check out the iCard in the corner we
did one for jake and the neverland
pirates we also did one with Toy Story
Wizard of Oz will have all that fun
stuff there but yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed that fun little boss baby
session what are we actually had a boss
baby though mmm I was like that
demanding and crazy like yeah but I
loved the film I act I really do like
the film and I loved everything it
stands for and represents with family
and that kind of how we feel about
family over here on the daily bumps
channel so I thought it'd be fun to do a
fun little scary
things like I have a difference I'm
always in control guys always loud I use
a box in you are the boss are you
getting some work done
just like Daddy are you editing a video
are you editing a YouTube video how cool
is this little laptop we got for the
skit it like has its own little mouth
that I'm pretty sure does nothing and it
has my games stuff on it
it's a way cool it's a regular laptop
all right all right keep at it in those
videos future youtuber right here we
just had a great day we actually spent
most of the day swimming and then we did
watch BB just happen just now we got all
caught up and it was so good
if you guys are not watching Big Brother
and I just said BB so you probably know
the thing but if you aren't watching big
there you should be because it is so
good and it's only been like a week and
a half now so you can still totally get
caught up and it's just so so so good we
love it now Karma's looking at me like
white light you tell somebody no time to
relax okay so yeah we're just hanging
out and I did mind tell you guys that we
have been in soaring like a ton I oughta
sleep robably into the story a lot
especially when like maybe we're not
vlogging or like vlogging a certain
activity and we're choosing to like
share it then I will do like instant
story I've been super into it but Brian
the other day he took a picture he did
like a selfie of himself and then he
like emoji himself so I'm gonna try and
do it right now I'm gonna do it with you
guys and then you guys will have to
check it out on into the story you guys
have to follow me to see it so here we
go yeah I want to make this a thing you
guys so if you're on Instagram take a
picture of yourself and then you modify
it alright so taking a picture take a
good one
try squint your eyes a little there you
go perfect
that's a great shot babe okay so now you
go into your emojis first time I did it
before right oh yeah you do before and
I'll be like hashtag emoji myself okay
ready
ready okay okay
now that she posted the before you got
it basically go through your emojis
can't apply them to your face so there's
like I let again I'm oh my gosh oh my
god hang on mm you do the eyeball one
okay seen those handbags lipstick
effects food duccini items okay hmm give
yourself a hat for the highe or like
glasses so probably doing some glasses
oh yeah and dig in the glove all right
hey man do the Hat now it's a little
bonnet oh that's look you covered like
seriously the things you guys do for fun
okay so if you guys want to see Missy's
final emoji myself oh that is a salad
that you need to make it work oh that's
amazing
you'll have to go follow her on
instagram at Missy laning I am at Bryan
Lanning so be sure you're following us
thank you guys so much for watching
today's video that's hilarious thank you
so much for watching today's video hope
you guys enjoyed it be sure to give it a
thumbs up subscribe and you will see me
do the back alright camera bye
you
