Linda's your smile where can you go
chichi Oh thin smile still works
come on my smile still works journey the
pictures for my hiker that's kind of
scared that's like what the B smiles and
getting the beat whatever you are
that's why ever wanna be that big
just one
are you coming no I just again
with me morning good morning look at
these cute kid Ben are you a pirate this
morning they are good job and what are
you are you a knight yeah
all he did something so amazing this
morning what did you do Ollie oh that's
right you did you picked out clothes and
you put them on yourself huh shirt was
backwards pretty sure of his underwear
is too because he just had the other day
come on in babe
looking good yeah I don't know if he's
gonna be exactly wearing these but he's
comfy he's like a dad he's like if I'm
dressing myself I'll my dress something
because sometimes all I want to do is
put on sweatpants and a shirt and just
relax all day huh what do you wanna do
today you want to go to the beach yeah
sounds so fun I want to go to the beach
too maybe soon okay
yeah : giggles with Carl and ginger yeah
or Ellie and Jared or Jackson and Gaines
and Colin captain Cullen remember that
yes you guys DBE jck summer vacay is in
the works we're trying to make something
happen because we do it every year but
we're also busy this year so we're
trying to figure something out I think
it's going to happen but we'll just have
to wait and see it's gonna be so fun
though Holly's been begging to go to the
beach for a while now and I miss our
Florida water
hey Olli what's going on in the
situation Wes because he got ours this
way because that's not food struggled to
survive guys so Rex is the bad guy you
got to tie him up tie them up
so is this a good dinosaur or a bad
dinosaur good let's look at dinosaur
he's a bad dinosaur right and where does
the car come into play the car gonna
crash into him whoa you posto give you
on a weight cut oh okay you're all tied
up Rex you're not going anywhere
Donna Molly I have to say one of the
coolest things about being a parent is
watching your kids be creative and
imaginative with their toys that's why
we like always like introducing new new
ways to play and stuff with Olli because
it just gets his brain moving and you
can do fun things like type a dinosaur
with this little necklace and then this
one right on the car right go get the
car okay ready oh he's too heavy for the
car that's a cool little car though huh
that works too
oh hey guys I can actually walk in the
reflection of my slow cooker so you guys
can see me I have dinner going right now
it's got about five hours left tonight
we are doing chicken and dumpling so I
got some chicken breasts cut up in there
some soft dumplings frozen veggies and
it's just going to cook in there for
five hours and then tonight hopefully we
have a very yummy chicken chicken and
dumplings dinner
I just got thinned down for a nap which
was much needed oh my gosh she woke up
today like 5:00 a.m. which is not like
him at all just would not go back to
sleep so he's been up for a while so
he's not down for a nap and I did my
hair a little crazy right now all right
hairs done and now I think I'm actually
gonna go meet up with Kathy see so funny
story
they're lying compost for our sod in the
back yard and the dogs decided it'd be a
good could I get a play in it didn't you
karma you little birdie now he's covered
in basically cow manure oh god they keep
letting
getting it all over me oli wait go back
in the dogs are covered in poop be
careful is your brother good morning
thin so I realized that if we have Ollie
wake Finn up or not really wake him up
but go get him when he wakes up from his
nap
Finn wakes up much happier look at this
my Oh hurry what are you doing you want
your blankie oh did you wake up with a
heat gun yeah what someone's got the
hiccups then will happen to your room
there's like books everywhere and turn
off the self come on man let's go eat
lunch yeah all right put another carrot
on the plate Finn
good job Finn is helping me prepare his
lunch by adding carrots I think that's
enough yeah so I just made him a peanut
butter and jelly sandwiches we got them
shaped like dinos and what sound do
dinos make Finn go yeah that's right
they go rawr and I also got like a
little keep stick all cut up because he
loves those - how's that look buddy they
look good hmm
Finn got dinosaurs and all so nice of
you all you know I got a toy to play
with while I eat can you go
they do oh that could be scary huh yeah
I don't any good case okay
all right bro you want to jump in the
water jump off the rock with Judas whew
how's it feel it's swim time for these
boys they've been Restless all day
wanting to hop into this pool then
you're on top of a pineapple whoa look
at you guys go so I thought since we're
hanging out by the pool I have the most
perfect plan ever you guys I found on
the internet where you can buy cool
things like this world's largest water
balloons look at this we got a green one
we got a red one these are 72 inches you
guys as you guys know our kids are very
keen at getting trapped inside of things
so I thought today we could trap our
toddler into the world
it's like Waterloo let's see if we can
make it happen we got our world wide its
water balloon we're going to fill it up
with a combination of hot and cold water
you don't want it too cold for him you
know yeah so this is actually going to
be super comfortable Holly you ready to
get inside the water balloon
you
all right it is Paul has it built oh
it's so nice and warm he's going to love
that so warm in it let's put it it's not
cool no more
he's getting careful careful careful
oli look at you oh my god you're like a
water balloon
that's so cool dude he's drop he needs
to get off you guys oh my god
how cool is that Ollie was that fun pant
I was oh oh jeez I was so afraid it was
going to like pop more yeah
should we try Finn hey Benny Benny come
here you want to try and get trapped in
the water balloon what this is a rite of
passage you know to get trapped into
things yeah I know
come on Finn hop in a lot of balloon
he's like new I don't think you'll do it
we tried all right I know we could tie
it and roll it around well now we have a
giant water balloon we don't really know
what to do with it so we're going to tie
it up and we're basically going to play
with it like a water blob yeah let's
like throw it on someone I don't know or
hop on it oh my goodness that's so cool
all right can you tie it you can do it
babe I believe in you Oh watch your ring
sometimes you need a man to do a man's
job
oh my god
Oh oh yeah got it oh I figured we could
probably roll this over to the grass
have the boys jump on it yeah rolling it
and hoping it doesn't pop water I think
yeah well do it we'll do it again oh my
god Oprah dang it that's not that wasn't
a good idea take us all right we grabbed
another one this one is green we're
filling it up we're going to have two
giant water blob hopefully yeah we're
gonna fill in a little bit more though
hey oli guess what we got a new toy for
you yeah come here
it's a giant green water blob yeah not
cool you can jump on it as hard as you
can water yeah whoa you not me
I know I honestly wonder how much
pressure it can hold like should I jump
on it you know all right what about
explain the world's largest water
balloon you ready it seems like that
slowly on it baby you should probably do
this it's almost like therapeutic
this is that cool yep what
oh my gosh water in the grass there you
have a guy's world's largest water
balloon you guys want to see other fun
stuff that we've done in our pool be
sure to check out the videos and
playlists in the iCard in the top corner
of the screen for now I think the only
thing left for me to do to come in the
pool
hey guys so I think it's coming you may
know that I am a huge collector of
instant cameras and I saw this one
floating around the internet for a while
and I had to try because I feel like
this is a good one for when you have
kids it's the new instant s q10 so what
it is is a hybrid digital and instant
camera so basically you can turn it on
and you can take a digital image and you
can choose if you want to print it right
away or save it and then choose which
one you want to basically print so here
man take a picture of you guys check
this out
hey Ollie can I take your photo real
quick you ready look right here in smile
- smile gotcha so I just took a bunch of
photos of the boys and I can basically
view them on the camera now they're spin
there's missing thin there's me there's
you guys because Ollie and then I can
choose which one I want to print I just
think this is so cool so I'm going to
choose this one of ollie push this
button to print and then you go Boop and
then check this out this is like the
coolest thing ever in that creepy just
wanted to clarify also no I am NOT being
sponsored by Instax although I wish I
was so if you guys are watching sponsor
me look at that you got a photo coming
up man and look at that we got the
picture I just think that's so genius
for if you have kids because it's hard
to get instant photos of them and what
really is cool check out I printed this
one of Missy and Finn and then you can
actually like zoom in and crop it and
reprint it if you want yeah I thought I
would share that with you guys just
because I am a huge instant
camera net
you
there's my mother a voice of two whiny
boys when they don't get their smash hey
you talking about Karma yeah can you
show me if your smile still works does
your smile still work did you smile
still works it it doesn't work anymore
mommy's smile works then does your smile
where can you go Gigi oh thin smile
still works
come on my smile still works geez
joining the fixers my secret that's kind
of scared that's like what the B smiles
and beauty in the B there is his smile
all my other pic to smile for real you
think can I have a pre-k thanks bunny
you just said you're welcome
you're what you're welcome hey only dad
tax come you know any food snacks
hey doesn't go there okay Ben paid your
taxes okay this bit
the kids are friendly in bed and asleep
didn't put up quite a little fight
before bed he did not like her asleep
but luckily Greg got the job done yeah
Brian saved the day and we have brownies
in the oven and we're going to watch our
show we've been watching new girl we've
never actually watched this show and so
it's been fun to actually watch it
because a lot of people really like it
we're almost almost season ones we're
super into it let us know your favorite
TV show leave it down in the comments
but I think we go ahead in the box and
we have a fun night together so make
sure you give this video a big thumbs up
and those few days smell
you
