I'm watching the puppies out here in the
pool cooling up in the water huh what
the heck what was that
you completely wrecked the car babe it's
what were you thinking wherever you are
that's whatever wanna be big
Oh
just one
are you dog coming all just again
forever
well good morning Luna how are you baby
girl she's in a down state she's been
doing so good and she's peeking under
the thing oh honey what's up dude
oh I I was looking for for my Walter you
were
he's always looking for some kind of
sword look at that cute puppy can you
give her kisses your kisses kid he's a
good doggy huh
oh good morning guys some of you may
have noticed Luna has been in the house
a little bit more often and that's
because we've been giving her a lot more
freedom as she's getting older she's
being a lot more well-behaved with the
boys we haven't had an accident in the
house in months probably like three or
four months now which is really nice
she's just turning into such a good
puppy we've been giving her a little bit
more freedom letting her hang out in the
house with us giving it and it's been
really nice it's been really really nice
he's so cute all right so yes all he's
on a mission to find his sword right
what sort is it Walt Ford oh there it is
I'll retrieve it for you okay stay right
here over here we have a very
sad-looking flamingo and our miss to all
I should just throw that away I have
found the coveted wolf sword oh it's
because it's got a little wolf on it did
you know that yeah
okay put it under the cushion that'll
keep it cool huh rest in peace lemming
go you have served your purpose
Papa is always up to something new isn't
he oli look what do we got coming in so
what do you guys remember that scorpion
we found Papa had a bright idea he
carved that you car to the sort that out
and we put the it's fighting the beetle
if you can't see you've got all of his
leg usual short BS on one side there's a
beetle on that side we find dead bugs
all the time that's out there but is
that like Reza jealousy it feels cramped
into his leg yeah did you do that
we lost the back half of my score I
doubt I was literally talking today
about how obsessed all is with swords
and he had to go find his wolf sword
because I had a wolf on it this is now
going to be the scorpion sword how are
you going to paint it nerd wood yeah
Holly loves swords I think we should get
him like a sword wall in his bedroom
all right so Missy is out shopping for
some makeup I think she knew she had to
make a makeup trip so I'm watching the
puppies out here in the pool cooling off
in the water huh what the heck what was
that what just happened
she's making a huge crush oh my gosh are
you serious
you completely wrecked the car babe it's
what what were you thinking
Missy you crashed into this beautiful
red Lamborghini what I get all this pork
are you guys going in Italy was that
your first car crash you totaled it you
totaled this beautiful red Lamborghini
nah I wipe you guys oh oh geez
back up back up back up oh they're gonna
seat dad stuck it stuck um hey Olli mama
got in a car crash she totaled that card
you see it
welcome luck not so bad not too bad how
we going to get unstuck Jim to drive to
East have to drag it around
I know right we just pulled it out from
under the top we got the front visor
alright no one can take my god can you
fix this
you just need about hey look at this I
think we can salvage this you guys I
think this could be a still a working
car just got to pop the seat back in
there we go
pins not fazed he's like not as good all
right I think it's time to officially
retire this car yeah seen better days
taking it to the junkyard that's right
we did get them didn't we
yeah for those of you wondering that toy
was already very much broken we had to
throw it out and actually me and Papa
brought it over to throw it in our
dumpster because it was so broken we
were like yeah we were like let's have
some fun with it
so here's the shot of it getting ran
over via the cars perspective
and then here is a very cool before and
after shot you're into that kind of
destruction
hey that was pretty cool huh yeah
you're glad Mama's okay from her head-on
collision okay c'mon do it accident all
right guys so we I do have some good
news then slept all night to not wake up
once and he actually slept like eight
eight-thirty
I was really impressed with that I'm
super happy that has happened in like a
week that's really great but now time
has not been going as well
it's okay buddy you didn't sleep at all
Henry J who does tired eyes I am excited
because a bunch of stuff that I
purchased for his new bed and not like
his new bed but like basically I just
wanted to make him like sleep time feel
like a little bit more grown-up because
we've been doing the same thing like
kind of like a baby routine and now I
want to kind of switch it up to more
like a toddler routine so like I
basically got him like toddler bedding
so we don't have like a little pillow
still have a blanket now that's like fun
and like a bunch of stuffed animals
Sharan I just heard what I did with Olli
too is like they can Knight to your
stuffed animals and they're like he did
go to bed with them and he get the
blanket in the pillow just like mommy
and daddy haven't yeah I'm really
excited it's going to have some of the
same theme that we have an outside it
want to change that up because I just
redid it but I think it should be really
cute I think he's gonna be really
excited about it I also got some fun
like some new things like projectors
they have something to look at and I
want to be able to play like lullabies
and music and stuff so really excited
about it so I'm going to go ahead and
probably start setting that up and you
guys can watch me do it
check out the cute little bear I'm going
to be putting his bed and what do you
think of him can you get my kiss nah and
it's all done look how cute this is
you can add the jib linky okay so I'm
going to show you everything I did like
I said earlier I got this little
projector it does some really cool like
just lights and colors on the wall and
then it tucked up to an iPad which has
music like lullabies so that is like I
think oh really helpful and then I
basically got tava cutting that fits a
crib so this is just like foxes it's got
a cute little toddler pillow in here and
then all his stuffed animals which I
will probably take a lot of these out
but I want him to be able to like say
good night to them and cuddle with them
and stuff like that and then I got a
little night-night Forest Friends book
since we've got a lot of forest friends
in here anyways and we can read that
before bed and then I do have one other
projector so this is the one that all I
had and all I really did like it but it
actually shows like pictures and images
rather than just like lights and stuff
so really wanted to try out both of them
to see which ones he prefers more so I'm
hoping this makes bedtime go better I
don't know though he definitely was not
doing that today here you want to show
them your animals ah are enough oh look
hey I love it
oh hey are you blogging ah can i blog
with you ah did mama set up new stuffs
in your room ah is it so pretty what you
love it
new stuffed animals and and you a new
bedding and our you want to hold the
thought okay cute that foxes ah
oh you got tags and I put that off
Jericho can you get the FASTA a kiss you
guys do me kiss you get a good night
night hanging out with them like they're
going laughing all of them can you give
me the bear give mama the bear it's like
no I go get the beer god the dancer mama
there is ten can join me I can't reach
him that's support you mine oh thank you
for trying
yeah and you got a book your own book
how cute
oh why not yeah like sixth article I
love it sorry then you're not going to
go to the king and get you out you
skipped your naps but bedtime tonight
will be a whole new thing right then
you know right now yeah you a little bit
look at you guys
what are you wearing I'm pasta to paw
patrol and you're what you're matching
your brother they are pretty excited
right now they are matching and they got
their jammies on ate their dinner and
then she'll pry you guys what high-five
I'm proud of you oh yeah I fight even
though you didn't eat it no sorry Bobby
you didn't eat your dinner but I still
love you think that booty might think
that booty is getting late it's actually
Brian is out with my dad and my brother
they decided to go to a movie and so
it's just me my mom I actually have been
doing a ton of running around for a
little surprise I just got back and they
all are dinner got some jammies on and
now it is time for bed
you
and he's asleep and is actually really
easy
he was definitely writing he was very
very tired so now we just ate hopefully
you say something all right
both boys are asleep and look who's home
good Karma's passed out on the couch
Brian is getting some editing done and I
am watching them Big Brother that's
right it is a Big Brother season and we
love Big Brother we watch probably every
single season absolute test and this
season is like so good we're like loving
it
that's what watch right now but we're
gonna probably go ahead and end the
video Nona says hi just sleep for the
night and I guess those karma is like
y'all know I'm so weak anyways I hope
you guys enjoyed today's video make sure
you a big thumbs up if you did and we'll
see you guys tomorrow bye oops
you
