fins like I would like everything keys
he can he will serve you he's gonna use
his hand now fat down wherever you are
that's where I wanna be
big time
this is
just funnin
Oh God coming all just again
I am
come with me
good morning you guys today is such a
beautiful day I am in a really good mood
I don't know why don't I just wake up
and you're in a really good mood even
though half of our yard is under
construction still a little bit actually
not really on a construction it's kind
of this messy look what's going on here
we study this is what's happening today
they have ripped up all the ground
because basically it was all my doing
the wall they ripped it all up they're
leveling it out and we actually have to
put a new sod just kind of a bummer but
one of the things that came along with
the construction was being able to bring
a tractor back there kind of destroyed
it also in the process of doing that
this morning and it's been going
smoothly there's always something going
over at our house I don't know why
hoping it also stops at some point hairs
crazy and Karma's enjoying this
beautiful pool orangeboy yeah you are
he plays out here all the time so he
loves
good money money money money money money
money money money
dead money money money money money
good morning good morning where are you
say good morning come on
how you doing buddy I love you you guys
ready we are yeah okay I was tickling
your brother you know I used to tickle
you all the time when you were a little
boy - you know that you know that you
know that come on where the baby giggles
come on all right boys you want to do
something cool
all right boys mommy and daddy have a
surprise for you we have acquired some
very special magical staff bomb that
bomb give it to that bomb these are
magical bath bombs you guys they're only
for kids and there's a surprise in the
middle of them okay we figured you guys
could hop in the bathtub and we'll see
what's inside of them okay they're like
Easter eggs or like surprise egg how's
the water feel oli how comfy all right
look at UQ boys all right boys let's see
what's in this one this one's blue and
purple are you guys ready for the mental
Batphone
ah we're going to care it and lock it in
put it in the water whoa whoa not cool
fan let's do that then it's so excited
if he was inside of it fizzle dollars
open it ollie some unfinished and like a
monkey when I don't even think he's
trying to be honest
check out this cool monkey dollars
inside then you want this you want to
play with us there you go how cool is
that
I love that there's a pond for kids with
toys inside always a surprise yes you
can have this toy a good read and whoa
that one smells so yummy spinning oh
yeah put it in the water keep it in the
water buddy that was my bubble gum day
okay good it smells really good actually
disgusting
the next toy is this green one-eyed
monster how cool is that
that's kind of like mike mckowski from
monster's income and so cool these bath
bombs have crazy colors and crazy smells
like that last one was like bubblegum
and banana combined it was really
interesting it's just so cool how
they're like poor kid because they're
having a glass and this water sure it's
going to look really gross once we're
all done with it which one whoa demon
turbine yeah all right we're gonna put a
white women at the same time keep it in
the water though oh cool all I got two
ways in that one you see it all right
this one is a shark all right it's going
to swim with you guys kay there's one
more it's a little bit broken ready oh
there's the toy oh it's like you guys
are swimming it up in a magic cauldron
huh - whoa this one is so cool - it's
like a red monster it's like you're
swimming in slime smell intimating
concoction yeah look at that cute
monster that's so cool the boys are now
officially swimming in a bathtub full of
slime let's go
the yuppie smells very interesting yeah
that is so crazy I had no idea that all
those back bombs would turn the water
this dark slimy color like yeah yeah
probably has lots of like essential oils
and stuff in it too that's so fun boys
you got a bunch of cool little surprise
toys in your bath bomb that's neat can
you find them all right now what cool
huh we lose one Oh where'd it go we may
never find it it may be gone in the
slime forever okay I will find it
there's like legitimate worries I always
basis for not finding the black shark
where did it go fin did you eat eat it
did you eat it did you eat it all we
know so cute
David literally looks like this coming
in fine funny
here's a nice thin layer one yeah
then show me what you got you got a
little green monster okay
Roy that's cool blue they're both in the
little cap school together and smooth
though it seriously so cool if you guys
want to see another video where we did a
bunch of backbone together be sure to
check out the video in the high card in
the corner of the screen
yes you are a slime monster then I use
my monster - yeah hey guys what are we
doing Holly oh my gosh he um cat it on a
beach yes right we're going to the
movies yeah you really excited camp
are you looking forward to most popcorn
what should we get popcorn yeah in
skiddo - to get off yeah but a memory at
a place and and they were some spicy
scheduled I don't know
I don't yeah I don't get this our word
okay we'll get regular one
yeah but you will send Kenny what is it
good call me they won't yeah is that
your favorite candy skittles yes I think
my favorite candy chocolate Jolly
Rancher twins hey but I'm scheduled to
in I had visu which was scheduled you
like to share with your skittle yeah
well that's really nice what are you
doing with your leg he's got the camera
strap wrapped around the leg right now
let's get this moving Ali and I are
headed into the movies and we are late
but what I like to do is get here after
the preview so we don't watch the
preview yeah I'm actually so excited to
see this movie I read all of the books
when I was in school did you know that I
loved the book so now he's cool so I got
really excited Holly and I are just
another
all in our back from the movies we had
such a blast and now the kids are in the
pool and he's been going up on his own
and swimming sched like four times out
here give me your hand
there you go and he's off again ha ha ha
this your new favorite thing Finn I am
so excited because tonight I'm grilling
up some carne asada oh I love this stuff
so much I don't know if it's California
things maybe but it's just so easy
because we just buy the skirt steak from
a store already marinated we just throw
it on the grill
and then we make up like rice and beans
and stuff ha look at that steak looks so
good just about
Missy is using our handy-dandy
avocado tool because you know lots of
people get hurt by avocados this time of
year the avocado injuring Phillip 500%
in California during the summertime yes
so we have this candy dandy tool this
will protect you from getting hurt
there's no like nothing really sharp on
it and look at that I mean I'm pretty
darn clean like clean sweep right there
guys pretty dang clean yes Oh Missy is
making a guacamole
you grab the nut and you keep it out yep
does it all pretty awesome we have rice
beans cheese I just got all the steak
off the grill I'm going to cut it up and
Jimmy just made ice cream well he
scooped it into the bowl but by golly
was I supposed to put in a bowl yes
so I just did some homemade ice cream
put it in this container now we got to
put this up oh dang it
ah poop chocolate poop did look nice I'm
gonna put this in the freezer for a
couple hours and then it'll be perfect
check this out guys we have a griddle
now for heating up tortillas how cool is
that okay I know we always had to do it
in the microwave now we can do tortillas
on the griddle
they look good things like I would like
everything to you he's like I'll take
its Archaea
meat and some beans
probably well just eat a tortilla with
me beans cuz he loved me he really does
want be alright you look good look at me
babe well oh good Hey oh it's so good a
crock looks good beans look good this
one looks good
what's your favorite big yeah he can he
will serve you he's going to use his
hand no fat down all right you guys
Ollie and I are gonna go ahead and end
the vlog we had such a good day didn't
we yeah we're silverstern wait a minute
you're not alia always beat you silly
come up here I was vlogging with your
feet ally yeah cuz I'm silly hey what
did you think of Captain Underpants
Eddie it was cool what was your favorite
part
I'm good treehouse he loved the
treehouse he literally just asked me he
said daddy can we get a tree house and
put toys and active the boys and Captain
Underpants had a really a solution in a
okay in the fight for air to me in it's
all for me okay so you get a sword then
get the bow narrow yes I don't know if
we'll ever be able to have a treehouse
Ollie we don't really have any big trees
on our property but we can plant one and
then when you're a little bit older it
might be big enough
yeah did you have a good day yeah I love
you it's late huh remember that little
spider that was over there there was a
little spider on the carpet I told ollie
to go get a little piece of toilet paper
to pick it up with and throw it away
because it was actually dead already
and he comes back with a piece of
twitterpated probably not much bigger
than the spider you guys it was
hilarious remember that yeah you're
funny but anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
watching today's video if you did be
sure to give it a thumbs up check out
some more fun videos in the iCard in the
corner and we will see you manana Ollie
what do you say
since qpv you thumbs up the video we'll
see you later
Ollie what do you say I do
you
