whoever you are
that's where I wanna be that big top
inside
Oh
just wanna never snows you
come again
make my knee yes the kids been playing
in the player we actually just thing it
up because it was a disaster
there were chips everywhere toys
everywhere and guess what today in today
is Independence Day you know that is
Independence Day is a day that we became
independent it means that today we get
to celebrate living in America and how
we are free and how much we love America
huh wow you look so excited he's like
well I have no idea what you're talking
about today only you get to like go out
and have fun and enjoy America and our
freedom toy no toys are involved in
Independence Day but you know what is
fireworks oh yeah fireworks
remember how every year we go and do
fireworks yeah and then what you also
pop cool yes there is popcorn you're
right I absolutely love for his eyes
like one of my favorites because we do
the same thing every year we walk every
year down to the fireworks and watch the
fireworks in so it's such a really fun
time with my family the best part is
getting down there and getting food they
have awesome food there hey Ollie get
goofy a high-five yes
whoa you just high-fived him is not cool
oh yes game that's right you guys this
morning we are playing a new game called
Disney Magic Kingdom special thanks to
game law for sponsoring today's video
Disney Magic Kingdom's is a free-to-play
game available on the App Store Google
Play Store and the Windows Store and
it's so much fun
mmm is the castle is so pretty or ding
ding cake sit well you can add write
play with your favorite Disney
characters and complete quests all
inside the game less than what do you
another
let's go this one end of it yep look Ali
he's pulling a string is looking a bit
Oh who's your favorite character inside
the game um let me inside yeah William
buzz right here yeah how about you baby
and my favorite is cell and look I just
added the Beauty and the Beast floats my
parade this was our dream okay miss the
beauty and the bees and cinder all oh
yeah play you'll see yeah well I can't
give her hope I've got flowers and
diamonds
hey all I guess what on July 6 there's a
new update that brings a Lion King to
the Disney Magic Kingdom I'm really
excited about that because ollie is a
huge Lion King fan galley who's your
favorite Lion King character oh good
luck well guess what you're going to be
able to play at Simba Timon Pumbaa even
Nala
ah scar is also going to be the new
villain and there's even going to be a
new Lion King themed float for the
parade
we love the brain Wally be sure to check
out the link down below in the
description and start building your very
own Kingdom give pirate Mickey another
high five yeah you like high-fiving the
characters yeah come on Ollie swim well
Ollie your aunt Bev is leaving yeah can
you say goodbye bye I love you oh good
on garage he's stuck in the water yes
there you get a wet hug goodbye bye
sister
love you thanks for hanging out
yeah this was so cool getting to hang on
my sister she just had like a random six
days off so I said come hang out with us
so she got to chill this for a while
stuff
and honor of Independence Day
Missy made a specially colored cake I'm
really interested smells like a
gender-reveal honestly she was just
making coffee cake and then she just had
to throw color so let's do two looks
like babe yeah
nice blue on top all right you guys boy
or girl
gender cake reveal right here yeah
whoa it looks pink pink I'm blue well
that's cool okay yeah yeah honestly that
looks really good okay just like Marco I
was really good I have so much food
cooking you guys I have little pizza
buns
I have those smoky sausages I have
potatoes in here
we have chips and dip and in the slow
cooker we are doing pulled pork and I'm
really really excited so three pounds of
pork it's got about 30 minutes left and
hey blog in the reflection yeah got
about 30 minutes left and then it's
pulled pork chop so for those of you who
have not been following the story of the
shark the shark is still way up there
and it all does not seem to want to come
down oh we should get it down that means
ya know dad Papa has what is this like
rapper eggs right here Papa rigs butter
a knife to a very long stick and going
to try and pop it through is very rare
for the shark there we go here you guys
today go oh you got it to bruising not
wanna come down my goodness Oh
one why want to come down and wait
literally pause but will come down
you're gonna cut my walls frien there it
goes
why doesn't it what I come on
why does it want to just be up there so
weird that your vision indicates not
worth it
Wow all right definitely dead now
so over here we have a very crazy game
of what's a code words going on right
now and if you look over here just to
your right you will see two cute little
boys playing around and bins key in
brownies they're playing a game how many
brownies can they steal behind mom and
dad back calm did you eat any brownies
Ollie no you're covered in them oh yeah
yeah I looked at the kitchen I just saw
both the boys right here right above
these brownies all right we are starting
our walk to the park we've got the boys
in this in the little wagon they're
sitting they've got their little chair
they've got blankets and they're super
comfortable while Bryan tracks them
behind him and we are making this trip
for like I don't know how much Hensley
sounds like our seventh year since we've
been here we did move away but we used
to do this as a kid too
I mean I've done this a few times but
I've done this pregnant with Ollie I've
done this pregnant with sin with Ollie I
was like what is a July 4th and he was
born on July 27th gotten out of the
hospital for free labor yes I actually I
can leak the the vlog for that is
probably pretty funny because I was very
pregnant walking I'll put it in I card
up here and Brian everywhere is like
this is the last year and I'm like no
we're going to keep doing this forever
no I don't know I'm sure one year we'll
do something different but I love it I
love that we're going to go to the same
fireworks and they're always so good and
I love to walk them yep we've got the
family and we're walking down then hey
hi hi hi hey I just came to save you how
complicated do I have Konkani know this
one oh the fireworks we're hoping you
keep tossing with cotton candy hopefully
they happen all right we found a box and
we are all camps
waiting for the fireworks tonight this
is our family tradition because you got
some new extension oli got a sword that
lights up how cool is that bro
ready for fire we're ready are you ready
yeah yeah boys have been playing a game
and I was always for firework always you
really want fireworks come on who lot of
distort big papa
Oh
you
