oh hi what what is going on here mister
yeah trying to finish it off we round
this mess side what happened
Oh Holly are you getting that chair
again
wherever you are that's whatever wannabe
Oliver
that bigger stuff inside
just one
coming all right judge again
come to every hour
me say good morning good morning guys
Finn isn't quite as good at saying good
morning as all he is but he's still just
as guilt oh you're eating Lucky Charms
in your truck we looking for our heart
yes those are my lucky charms what are
you doing
loves my cereal you want to bite this is
what happens I give him his own cereal
he still wants bite of mine good morning
you guys all he's still camping with
Mimi and Papa but I think he's gonna
come over and hang out a little bit
today Finn on the other hand it's so
interesting seeing him without another
kid because he's so independent and
smart he just came in his playroom
played with his trucks to put some
cereal in his truck he grabbed a blanket
he's watching mallanna now it was pretty
neat such an independent little guy
lately
welcome home ollie you coming to hang
out for a little bit yeah public media
keep it it's August I'm all very cool
well if you what I didn't know this is
this it's fine suit and this
dispositional and this is a tornado and
they all good job those are all of them
check it out you guys all he's hanging
out with us today and he's already going
down the road I go there so he ollie can
actually put the car on the coaster and
go down himself huh
on your mark get set go
okay
the one thing about this roller coaster
track they cannot get enough of it you
should keep doing it over and over again
I still say that your home do you know
what happened while you're gone your
caterpillars turned into butterflies
yes yes the suggest is very excited
because his caterpillars are totally
butterflies now huh to see hum yeah I
punch something I think I just pooped
and we actually as you can see they're
in this little cage now and we caught
the whole thing on camera so if you guys
want to see that I'm going to put it in
right yeah
I think that is the coolest thing that
we were able to catch it we could show
Ollie exactly how it like morphed out
and they're still we've got two
butterflies in here that's one the other
one is sitting right there and then
there's actually three more still
hanging there they are kind of wiggling
out right now so hopefully the next day
or two we'll have five whole quater five
isn't that crazy I do you see that he
wants to see them fly around I don't
know if they will right now see if I can
get in a fight yeah it is not so cool
but are they nice butterfly oh yeah
they're really nice I'm so excited
so me and Ollie just actually made them
some nectar which is basically just
water and what sugar you're right and we
basically just dissolved all the sugar
into this water and then all we do is
take this red little sponge and dip it
in you want dip it in there dip it all
the way in and get all wet okay now you
take it out and you're going to put it
in to get into the flower you stop the
flower at that part really dig it out
you're right it's gonna get out oh my
god anyways it's almost got out I'd
saved it from getting out know those
cool butterflies and they so cute
alright so we got the nectar in here now
we're going to drop it in there so they
can eat it okay Ollie we grew
butterflies
so this is the cocoon that the
caterpillar made and then it broke out
of it and became a butterfly you have
suspect a little cocoon that it lives in
for the last like week it I know this
was just like it kind of like was the
cocoon it like covers off it was like a
house yeah it's like the caterpillars
house and it turned into a butterfly
walls and that's on me okay Brooke why
she'd get everyone yeah okay fine
are they biting they don't bite do not
bite they're very very nice really
that's why you have to be super gentle
with them you feel pretty yeah but
what colors does she have on her
oh why light and when Elsa black yep and
you see another color oh yeah all right
while we're standing here one literally
just came out of the cocoon hey now I'm
going to watch it back do we have it on
the camera the nest cam yeah you wanna
see it oh my gosh it's crazy
crawling out yeah there it is
can you sing see little wings there open
up is so cool that literally just
happened right here yes like ten minutes
ago
that's so cool ollie then after they are
born it like this like die oh really
it squirts this thing out yeah it like
it'll like such a fault you can see it
happen to this one over here and this
one happens all the things no here look
at okay butterfly can we try and hold it
I'm so cool ollie oh oh I think this one
haha only just boys broke out because it
can't really pick up a swing yeah
so need
all right we got another one to look at
look at that that's kind of look like a
tiger huh look at your holding at Ali's
okay oh so pretty cool unit you threw it
in your room yeah we've got the
cuttlefish is it seriously that was such
a cool idea that was actually Papa's
idea to grow butterflies in all these
rooms and we have three now and how many
more cocoons we have two more cocoons
we're always hatching animals here
aren't we miss SPI you and help me
surprise your brother
let's go get him because he just woke up
you can be so excited to see you yes all
right what what is going on here mr.
digging around this backside what
happened
Oh Holly are you getting that chair
again luckily I'm here this time oh he's
not gonna try and break fit out of here
could you guys didn't that you have to
watch that Olly literally gets the chair
puts it in the crib and get thin out of
the crib I'll put up here in the iCard
because is so funny luckily momma's here
to keep an eye on you boys get you a
break you free you look like you're in
handcuffs
take that off there you go that better
oh yeah oh you went out did you see your
brother's here I came thank you all
right please oh my god you donkey let's
go out you guys baby is on an oval
don't you dare Danny how come
yeah did you baby back at the lady gonna
go down there now yeah okay
tsa chair oh he's moving another chair
over or he wants to sit there instead we
are now at Mexican food having a very
very late lunch probably went back to
the lake with Mimi and Papa we're going
to go check them out but we have been
working all day so we haven't been able
to eat and we've been filming a really
really cool Brandel that's coming up for
us I think you guys are actually going
to love it
Holly and I had so much fun doing it as
well so it's going to be really cool but
we needed to eat so I'm eating a burrito
outside was Ben we were inside and he
was kind of going crazy so I was like oh
hey outside they have fencing everywhere
so he can't escape so we are now sitting
at the lake and Missy has ventured into
it and she screamed momentarily and I
missed it there it is again this is why
I am NOT in the lake because I do not
want to be eaten by leeches how's it
feel look at big skillet on the board
what does she want me to do she asked to
go out there and now she's freaking out
I was playing in this lake last year
with her if you guys haven't seen those
videos I'll put a link in the iCard so
you can check it out but yeah I'm not
going out there this year
hey oli is Bailey your camping buddy
you guys are camping buddies I'll throw
it away
you do you have drinks and snacks and
cool little chairs are you still eating
oli yeah did you hear mama screaming in
the water she had those funny little
worms on her yell done with that - I'll
throw it away both of you have orange
mouth from Gator could be the Cheetos
yeah that's what I remember most about
camping as a kid is snacks snacks on
snacks on snacks my mom would buy the
best snacks ever that she wanted by
normally when we weren't camping so it
actually made us look forward to going
camping but only for a short while there
was a window where we were like no we're
not going we grew out of it Surf's Up
dude I've got a lot of memory
Oh target you have to use the lantern
for light for heat cuz it's so cold
right
we're like legit can't be wrapping it oh
there's a light switch
Ali has revealed the facade of camping
ok I'll even having fun with Mimi and
Papa I asked him do you want to go home
tonight or do you want going Mia to
nobody
you say thank you to Mimi and Papa
well you're welcome
they love camping with you know that
right I want stay with you you consider
me what happened tonight but then you're
coming home to mommy and daddy tomorrow
okay guess what Olli we have a haircut
tomorrow we Travis you know how relaxing
those you're gonna fall asleep it's this
we go sleep it hurts it oh also thin is
wearing all these pajamas right yeah
alright guys that's all for today's vlog
ative I hope you enjoyed it if you did
be sure to give it a thumbs up right up
yeah thanks for watching we will see you
guys in Jana hell I can you do bye boo
bye
you
