oh hi boys did you get put up here just
the timeout area whatever you are that's
why I ever wanna be inside
around snows you know when you're coming
all try to you
with me good morning guys Jordan we have
a very fun day planned today what are
you doing today ollie I'm going fishing
with who meaning a pilot with CJ baby
well yeah in fact you're not just going
fishing what are you going to do kidding
always going camping with me be imparted
about it we're getting a pack now we've
got his sleeping pad sleeping bag that
my dad picked out for him and he got him
a brand new fishing pole so he can go
fish it with Papa and always been
keeping all this in his room next to his
bed so that when Papa Nene come pick him
up he's all ready to go and he's very
excited so I'm actually going to pack
him just a couple little outfits for the
next few days that's like pretty simple
it's actually not that warm out to those
next couple days so it might be a little
chilly so I gotta give him a couple
jacket maybe she's like one jacket some
bathing suits and all that kinds of fun
stuff so he's so excited and I'm so
excited for him you know i bringing
coffee
you're gonna bring costumes too Wow you
know I can be bored at the lake huh he's
got all his costumes over here like
which which superhero do I want to be
alright so instead of hims just this
little duffel bag it's got his blankie a
couple outfits bathing suits pajamas a
jacket he really wants to take all of
these costumes which I'm actually not
totally opposed I feel like he might
actually want to dress up sometimes if
he's bored because he's not swimming or
whatever maybe he'll have fun but maybe
I was fun I'm bringing one maybe just
Superman he's so funny though he like
isn't closet grads all his coffee was
like I need to bring all these and then
I've got his sleeping bag his fishing
pole and a pillow
I'm hoping this is all he needs they're
not camping in a tent or trapping in an
RV so I've got this blanket just in case
they want one more because I feel like
he's never slept in a sleeping bag I'm
not sure how well he would sleep in a
sleeping bag but we'll find out once the
RV gets here we'll see like how
comfortable it is if he needs more
blankets
hey guys I just came into the playroom
and something Crazy's happening right
now
first of all Missy's being eaten by a
shark and Ollie has his Ninjago sword
trying to cut her loose these on you to
help me out oh the bugs are helping okay
Wow Allie who would be either live oh
it's so funny it's a blanket that you
wear that makes it look like you're
being eaten by shark get all the bugs oh
my gosh those bugs are creepy by the
start now yeah is that even a question
Oh shark is eating you eat the shark
bugs eat the shark bugs oh there you go
what are you gonna do into yourself you
gotta eat your way out oh hey Ben good
morning buddy
he's like hitting you want to say we are
getting lunch we're in macaroni and
cheese and watermelon not looks so yummy
food look at how independent he is he
just gets miss chair and he's just food
what are you singing oh yeah by Netflix
I just grilled up some hot dogs on my
grill and they looked so good we're just
waiting for Mimi and Papa to get here
you know what happens when Mimi and Papa
get here what what are you gonna go do
you're gonna go campin oh and are you
taking your flip slippers those are
pretty cool let's go see right here
you're gonna go hang out at the lake
with Mimi and Papa
look at this this is so cool that's the
best video cabinet you bring your house
yeah oli you want to give everyone a
tour of the the camper
oh it's automatic that's nice whoa this
is so cool Jim your bed where you're
gonna sleep up here ollie
yeah thanks I'll have to show you guys
they all fit together when we get to the
lake this is where you're going to be
sleeping ollie whoa whoa whoa look at
all this room
dang oh cool anybody know rented run
yeah I mean if we like that really would
maybe one day bye Linda for science
experiment see whether or not I really
yeah I'm what you call indoors me I only
got one on on aunt Angela infected
we're like you're ready for camping the
only problem with camping is you can't
bring your house yeah we are yeah so
Mimi and Papa are taking you Holly
taking you to the lake he's going to
stay there for a couple days we're gonna
visit and then come back to our bed yes
actually sure how fun would sleep in
something like this yeah totally that
was like my main yeah why is that TV in
here that's right nothing it did that
come with RV yeah sorry yeah what has a
DVD player students
yeah all are so cool there's a bit here
and here set up there nice wait let me
see the toilet Holly this is the toilet
you're going to be using you ready it's
a little is your prop your size look at
that
you're gonna don't know about it and
there's a shower
I don't know like a shower in that maybe
it kind of looks like something out of
like a starship or something
this is so cool you can even drive it
yeah we are we allowed to drive it with
our license plate need a special I think
especially oh that's pretty cool
what are you doing yourself out do it
again Olli check out your muscles
anything any see share share yourself
you're going to show me what you were
doing he was literally standing in front
of mirror both arms on well I got a such
up top on move those are the things he
learns from Papa whoa that's cool oh hi
boys did you get put up here just a
timeout area
my candy bar
Ollie hey what's up dude you are hi
Bailey CJ's here what's up CJ check out
this spot
check out this cool water toy they have
it's like a water platform whoa can you
do that Ollie oh really how's the water
bill I'm watching whoa
yeah you can and you know instead don't
see a castle
yeah
what it does yeah cool this isn't just
the cutest thing I've ever seen ever
he's seriously just sitting here
watching the kids Randall
it's still so good here at the campsite
actually waywardness and i are just a
couple of happy camper you know the
happy camper
someone's even yeah history so we're
just chilling here in our chairs
I love how pinches like know that this
chair you like does not need to go in
the water he doesn't want touch the
ground he's like now chill here with my
cup reason so cute and always like
having the time is life right now so
cute hey just playing on the lake with
all the big kid help us take a spin see
does Branson
sounds like spin is basically stranded
pick it up
Oh was you gonna do it you're gonna do
it no oh you get in there is like nope
that's two balls no it's not getting
interesting no no one heated it it is
like who can you stop and you swim in
this water
Riley what are you doing oh you're
making slime fire so how do you make
fire slime on Coney color and yeah is
that water or apple juice yeah he thinks
the lake is apple juice I mean he's not
drinking it so that's good
Bailey's over here what are you making
your maybe slime to fight not fire
scientists just regular triple split up
Wow
very very cool guys oh there you go
they're being so cute being so
imaginative having so much fun me and
Brian are actually get ready to take off
and we're going to leave all year with
my parents and the vows I've got a
couple nice camp sides over here all
right you'd be good for a medium pop
okay
I'm CJ Bailey you guys guess what all I
sing with you tonight you guys be good
okay I love you okay have fun and listen
to me me pop up be good all right see
you later huh huh huh
where's Holly where you going
no he's not over there we are back home
we left Ollie with Mimi and Peppa
yeah and it's been kind of interesting
hanging out with Justin lately like the
early days of YouTube yeah I just had
one kid like 100% of your focus yeah we
were just like hanging out with Norma if
you like holding firm I'm talking to all
in my keeping all a busy you are I was
just like hanging out with it only I was
interesting interesting when you have to
split your time now we are putting this
kid to bed hey lady turn 499 you know
you say 990 debba say nein nein nein I
thank you guys for watching today's
video hope you enjoyed it if you did be
sure to give it a thumbs up thumbs up
yes Roger we'll see you manana think he
say bye say bang
