a bee well don't get stung again you're
being super brave where's the B what
went away wherever you are that's
whatever wanna be inside
Oh
just one around oh yeah
come on oh I trust you
with me
good morning guys
flower deliveries here for me I'm kind
of like freaked out I don't know who
this could be from I just desperately
said it's not from him so China
yeah I'm literally in the middle of a
meeting my dad's here helping me out
because we got the kids and I don't know
who this is from
I didn't do anything I don't know why
I'd be getting flowers right now so
we're gonna find out together I'm kind
of nervous me and you
because happy from Brighton yeah so
we're lucky in love you're my kind of
rain B I just I don't like either
flowers or did you give me flowers no go
go start the Bacchus I should have
figured that out all not so cute look
how pretty they are
thanks Brian you literally in a meeting
together right now I have yes to finish
the meeting without me now
oh cool they're so pretty to actually
look kind of cool right here anyways
good morning that was really cute of him
she's so nice you always do it surprises
me oh come on officer now come here now
Oh pictures oh just one of those days
it just keeps happening everything just
keeps happening to big packages hey Olli
how's it going good did you go to the
doctor today what happened it wasn't
really good but you got a shot show me
where buddy where'd you get a shot at
all they didn't give you a band-aid
still getting all this stuff lined up so
he can start school in the fall did you
know that you want to go to school no he
will want to after so we actually went
play over there oh yeah I mean cool good
morning thing the boys are just
scavenging through the play room
literally like to fill up this little
cart and then they just wheel it around
the house yeah
hey babe did you like your flowers I
like how you said I didn't do anything
you don't need to do anything to get
flowers like did you just compliances me
eight bars of the day when they do look
good that just because I love you I
think I asked you like yeah well the
thing is like I always send flowers to
like my mom or we send flowers to our
friend like everybody I don't ever send
you flowers like we're together all day
so I didn't really think about it but
like maybe I should be something that
like flowers more about me flowers
you thought you had a secret admirer
what are you doing what it is so if you
guys haven't seen the video of Olly
breaking Finn out of his crib it went
crazy viral on Facebook I think it has
like 80 million views on Facebook but we
recorded it with the to nest cams that
were actually in his bedroom at the time
nest just hooked us up with some brand
new IQ cameras this is their brand new
indoor camera because they heard that we
were huge fans I'm so excited
that's so cool there it's very cool
especially because nuts had nothing to
do with the nside be nothing to do with
the video we just happen to have cameras
everywhere in our house and they were
just like I think they were probably
excited that it was like promoters
everywhere what is that yeah where'd you
get that idea
outside yeah that is a cool nail well
it's not a snail it's his old health huh
Jimmy stop look at me oh wait is there
smelling it oh well there is a snail we
should put them back ollie okay let's
open them back
okay put them right there on that hill
appreciate that a lot huh do you find
any lizards or anything else let's look
for some this bird is always hanging out
on our property
it's a giant crane huh it's so pretty
looking yeah hey right now you guys blue
skies uh not too hot
such a beautiful day huh Abby well don't
get stung again you're being super brave
where's the bee it went away if you guys
missed yesterday's vlog all I got stung
by a bee didn't you yeah
BC its first bee sting and you did so
good
does it hurt still where is it it
doesn't cool is it on this one yeah you
can't even see it anymore do you see
that you hear it that is a very big bug
- shut up - cicada cicada topic hey guys
I'm not nice they're not oh he turned
around oh no is he gonna start flying
why what about Lydia so it's kind of
become a running joke with me and my
relationship with Amazon Prime Jim mrs.
dad always jokes that I find and buy the
weirdest things on Amazon crimes I
definitely am proving that today with
this
so I saw these on Amazon they were like
dead bugs and I was like oh I need to
get this so that I can print the boys we
can prank the boys actually yeah we
should too so they just they're it's
supposed to be a unicorn but it looks
scary like look at the mouth and the
veins the eyes this just looks like a
weapon it's almost like anything magical
or majestic at all and Claire heads in
here and then we can see what we look
like good luck who are you trying
Freaker kids oh this is so I can barely
see you can only see through the
nostrils but yeah all right look I get a
girl to get a girl okay we go sneak our
boys yeah okay
these are getting really hot so I got a
person
our unity oh look at me I've never seen
you like this before you know who it is
this toast cake hi Luna it's okay it's
okay what do you think Galli
okay not good except can we scare you
yeah no I think we're going to scared
then you got it you found that Paz for
Luna we pranked Luna all you want to try
it all right here you go oh my God look
at him put your hands down that's so
funny
that's a scary unicorn huh she doesn't
want anything do this anyway for me
Paulie you look so cute it ah Luna was
probably the most freaked out she's like
I will eat that much I will eat it dude
you look so cool come here buddy
can you do a little unicorn dance for us
there you have a guy's scary unicorn
prank on kid did you guys want to see
more little pranks and tricks that we
played on our kids be sure to click that
icon can watch them live idiot oh that's
tough what do you think you want to put
on Finn let's put it on something
hi he's like no way no always write it
again
get him Finn get him go get him get if
you're not afraid of me
scares your corn dinners like I'll get
them I don't know who that is
I'm gonna get that finale yeah but do
you have one for me you can wear that
one if you want okay you want to do it
yeah yeah what is it do it now now the
other scary baby unicorn your brother
say rawr get a bin get him was a good
job and doing in the news you boys are
so cute that is
and just like that it is nighttime if we
actually have a really fun day we went
swimming so yeah we just had a really
fun night we actually just watched Big
Brother I'm Mya fallenness leader
because I fell asleep during almost
every single show these days have been
so tired lately but it was pretty good I
do have two free watch standing the boys
are asleep we're climbing into bed hmm
we swam half our day away I know we like
literally got in the pool and then like
we're like oh it's bedtime sound that
kids were out as soon as we got inside
yep the day turn illegal also so we had
a really fun day and we just one of
those summer days that like like oh
thank you so much but anyways we're
go ahead and end the video because the
days over so make sure you give this
video a big thumbs up if you enjoyed it
and we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
you
