Hey karma can you give Ollie kisses no
not me not me
selling dogs give all I can just give
all the kisses give all the kisses give
early kisses all I gave you guys kisses
to wherever you are that's where I wanna
be
 Pig you are up inside
just wandering around you
coming all trucks again
with me
good morning my huge beautiful family
what are we doing when making me go take
it back poke oh you're making a Lego
Batcave so cool look at all these cool
it goes you guys have you got Batman
where's Batman
Oh fins got him he's like a cute version
of Batman a slide and it looks like this
is a surfboard now Batman
surfing you like that he's like that
well he's going on the slide yeah whoa
then love that again yeah finally
good morning guys today we woke up and
the house was so hot and I told you why
but I'm pretty sure we're going through
like a heat wave right now because it's
been like a hundred and five every
single day for like the past three days
which was amazing that we actually
planned the pool party for that day
because I was so afraid it was gonna be
cold and it was not cold that was not
something we had to worry about what are
you doing
where do you go wait are you grumpy does
your smile still work there it is every
time he smiles I just hear like a ding
in my head Oh cute we are up for the day
we're kind of all feeling a little
missed so I don't know for getting sick
or we have no energy or what but um kind
of just been a myth morning just printed
a ton of Polaroids from my new court
camera two of the party that we had a
couple days ago if you guys missed our
unicorn donut pool party be sure to
check out the iCard in the corner and
watch it was so much fun
we could all these fun people we had a
blast all right you havin fun the pool
such a nice day today huh it is a really
really nice day I feel like the last
like week we had like this movie that
came in that made it literally feel like
you
up and outside it's like almost hard to
even breathe and it was basically just
like 100 and 405 today is just like
definitely nineties definitely warm hot
but it's great breezes you can tell and
it's not like suffocating so it's really
nice so dogs are playing and we've got
our grass is growing it looking really
really good
and I thought I'd give you an update on
the chickens I don't think I've shown
them to you in a few days so they are
getting so big all six are doing
literally amazing I've got the two
silkies over there that's Elsa that's
koala there's Milan out how big she got
she was the first one born
there's Ursula and then I really can't
tell the difference between these two
red ones other than their big tails
which means I think that one's a rooster
and this one's a hen so we'll just say
that this one is onna
and the other one is Ariel sure burial
payoffs are doing great they got their
food and water they're no longer cage
into a small area they get the to roam
the entire land so they're all getting
along really well so I'm super happy
about that everyone's pretty happy then
all kinds of fruit out there right now
they're month none about watermelon and
grapes and cabbage and they're happy
little chicken and look at me I'm a
happy chicken mom oh and I've got eggs
together so yay there they all are
I've got like eight eggs here YUM you
guys we got something fun today this is
the shock ball and it's a super fun game
it's kind of like a hot potato style
game we're all going to play we're all
going to play but we're going to see
what all he thinks of it don't want to
activate it I thought : doing those ones
and it looked so scary is activated I
think that okay let's go give it to him
oli guess what I got a new toy it's a
really special ball look at it it's not
cool whoa not a cool ball what color is
it
yeah whoa what happened it hurts you
oh it doesn't hurt it's a little sock
ball I'm not cool
oh oh it's getting me oh it's getting me
oh it's getting me whoo-hoo this is
seriously so cool so yeah we got a
little shock ball and it's like a
plastic ball and it has these little
metal things all over what did it feel
like when it shocked you Finn is holding
the ball right now and it's shocking him
and he doesn't even care you're so brave
in this big plane he's like it's
actually just one ball ha ha ha Ben
thinks it's funny it lights up when it's
actually activated ok round 1 we have
Jimmy Cassie and Missy and the ball is
not activated you need to hold it in
your hand pass it to the person next to
you don't you have to hold it you have
to hold it you can't drop it we look up
hold it if it's shocking on you it
chooses you you have to hold it it's not
that bad morning pick it up pop it the
anticipation way worse when your life
passing it around ok otherwise otherwise
I need you here I'm here a timer in
there wait it like we should stand
up and throw
I'm going to see what mr. bad things hey
Jim new toy it's really cool what car is
that it's going off and air you don't
even care
okay give it to me me so it lights up
lights up what is going on I wanted to
be in the thousands of all chemical wool
is doing it oh how did it turn on it
made I can reset it
alright you kind of tried you got to try
it oh good
this thing is dangerous you guys alright
we're going to play it again this time
with Finn who actually enjoyed passing
it around
yes playing it does he give too empty
he's like really not affected by it at
all it's kind of funny right Jimmy
Oh buddy it's really not that bad it's
more of like a hue and then they're like
you just ready
what do you think about it Jimmy not
that man
Sinnott so concerned about envy so you
have a guy shocked over that challenge
we may have gotten tortured a little bit
studied which watching ryan toysreview
does Ryan your best friend yeah he
wishes Ryan well this is best friend yes
fun huh yeah boy he goes down the
college boat yeah in where ball uh-huh
and what can get look I see yes I see I
think Holly is Ryan biggest fan Ryan toy
reviews biggest fan it would actually be
so cute if they could get together for a
playdate sometime I don't even know if
that's possible but would you want to do
playdate with Ryan's tour of you yeah
yeah that'd be so fun
she'll been such a chill day you guys we
just went hang out the house we have fun
with that electric shock ball that was
kind of fun huh yeah that's high karma
the point is is karma hey Carmen can you
get all the kisses no not me not me
selling ducks give or I can just give
all the kisses give all the kisses give
only kisses Oh again you guys kisses do
you love karma Oh where's Luna she
played in the pool someone's got fresh
PJs on I said they kind of kept in
kitchen
come on different kissing yeah covered
like we've you guys stop telling me to
give people kids it you guys are cute Oh
he is the best karma ever all he did
touch me he protects you yeah he is a
Superdog ha
keep coming can you get thin kisses all
those pincus's doctor baby owns up Oh
baby chick yeah and that's a lamb yeah
what's that talking you're like a puppy
yeah and I'm taping me oh is that okay
you
all righty guys that is all for today's
video but I hope you enjoyed it if you
did be sure to give this video a thumbs
up subscribe to our channel if you
aren't already because we put up new fun
videos every single day and be sure to
click that little bell next to the
subscribe button to get notified when we
upload if you guys want to see more
games and challenges that we'd like to
do on this channel be sure to click the
iCard and there should be a playlist
there for you guys to watch as well
thanks so much for watching we will see
you bye
you
