hey yeah Hayden doing this boss you're
an alligator in the happy guy right now
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
Holland that big blue eyes look up
inside
just one another
coming all our tricks again
you're with me come on gang good mornin
how's it going buddy you getting in the
car getting ready to go with Mama yeah
where you going he doesn't know where
he's going
so this is a normal reoccurrence at our
house I had to move the car so that
Mickey could leave this morning so I put
it right here next to the driveway of
course the propane guy come I'm like
doing really yeah that's too late
we have Struck's here four people
working on the outdoor kitchen they're
doing the pool fence at the same time
and it's just kind of craziness so now
she has to wait so they fill up our
propane big fish you can leave and it's
kind of how it's been honestly for like
four months now while everything is
getting done a bit interesting we'll be
really excited once this project
sorry babes but the construction does
suck still annoying
yeah and we have a very big driveway
okay just obviously not big enough for
ten trucks oh yeah
Wow opening of a limited oh well we just
made it to the doctor we were a little
bit late on the little bones but I
actually asked my mom to come with me
because I was pretty sure that both boys
are going to get shots today but Ollie
actually got out of the woods he doesn't
have to have any shots today
high-five he's pretty excited about it
and my mom was nice enough to go change
Finn because every time you walk into a
doctor's office
he has like poops the most disgusting
poop and then here's this little room
with no windows and it just reeks and
the doctor was like talking to me
non-stop like I can go change him for
you so she's changing him but I think
then does get a shot today so it's all
kind of bad for him finish one and
that's it hey stinky boy good job
pooping did you say thank you to me me
they think you
can we just take a moment and appreciate
Ollie right now he has a sword a shield
and a gun he's so ready for battle guess
what today is ollie do you know what is
it no no no not day yesterday is
national donut day so I had to run down
and get donut you want to pick one I
didn't know which one he's going for
you think chocolate M&Ms chocolate mmm
oh oh oh oh oh what it's a nice simple
glaze one huh because it's basically
like bread and you're basically your
mother son but you can have staff boy oh
thank you buddy I can have that one I
have its permission yeah I saw it with
Nigel Dunn a day so I picked up a box of
donuts and then I actually realized that
we're having a pool party at the end of
this month which is going to be huge
just you guys wait and we're doing a
doughnut wall so I actually ordered a
hundred and fifty donut for the pool
party and I'm really excited with how
they turn out so you guys will have to
stay tuned later this month to see
all right boys are having a little lunch
in their playroom watching a movie and
fin decided to put all his food in a
little play pot are you cooking up your
food getting it all cooked up yeah you
want to cook up always do he's like very
proud of himself
these nailin mom I made myself dinner
lunch
hey dude how's the water fill it fill it
oh it feels nice it is such a hot day
so we needed to have a pool break for
all evening just running around and
Facebook it already you know like you
know what you needed to jump in the pool
and this pool is cold you guys because
we just had a propane tank in yesterday
I haven't been heating it since so
they're still trying to figure out the
pool like all the settings and stuff so
he's enjoying himself in the cold water
and look there's uncle way down there
where's uncle he's like a dolphin
start your cell phone from little
appointment and I found Ollie and the
whole fam women and go in the pool
hey I didn't join the song you're an
alligator and a happy guy right now and
always now you're back yeah they're just
two men having a good time in the pool
actually I'm probably going to get in
it's a little chilly it's at the pool
isn't completely programmed so the water
doesn't really warm up so even like the
sauce well it worked up like last week
but we can't seem to do it again so
anyways the pool is pretty cold and the
saw is like warmer but definitely still
uh chilly so for the time of Good Friday
hanging out the fam and doing some
swimming I guess some into the water
right now
like a little fish soup because we're
all against it alright Jimmy is taking
living for a little swim she's trying to
learn they got oh gosh got further steps
you can do it ah she act like she's not
a water dog man
I guess so huh yeah he loves it now he's
like yay let's go swim Luna's just
hasn't figured it out yet she's scared
of the waters you have to like build her
confidence so she can figure it out
there it's actually not so bad they made
fun come on girl
you can do it she's actually getting a
little more curious partner I was just
trying to make a game out of the Corinne
thing there you go see uncle's got you
you're fine it's fine all right
get that get the turtle get that turtle
get it get it get it
good boy
all I'm gonna say is if Luna is a part
of our family she needs to learn how to
swim she's gotta learn
see you can reach right there get the
ball
Papa's got Luna out there good girl
then express them to Mickey good girl
good girl good girl Luna
look at her kick yeah all he's gonna
have to teach others you made quite good
slashes Luna that was adorable
yeah I gotta say Lunas doing a very good
job at her first time in the Sun Bowl as
a normal but I don't think showed you
this you guys look at they put stuff in
it and they actually cleaned up yeah
they put a sealer on the countertops out
here so they're nice and see let's see
what we got here we have a cutting board
and underneath that is a trash chute
that is a giant box that I found in the
pool the first night I cleaned it
secondly like a far Eddy yeah yeah am I
missing there my dad was deciding to
clean up pretended like ordered me he is
like here we go yeah because it is so
big yeah but we have like this is trash
we have storage drawers what's this it's
just more drawers and storage that's
always what you're missing in a kitchen
is like oh yeah yeah so we're going to
have storage down there and down there
oh so we have a grill well I guess
riddle and we have two stove tops and
then this is my 42 inch grill cook it up
some carne asada on this and it even
came with a warming oven which I thought
was awesome yeah you can like keep buns
warm yeah so this is going to be an ice
maker a fridge and a keg tap and then
here we have our outdoor bar where we
can put drinks and garnishes and ice and
then like a margarita station pretty
cool yeah yeah the only thing that
they're really missing here is the roof
needs to be finished and then they have
to match it with those clay tiles oh
they're doing them lights underneath the
bar too so once they finish those lights
they can continue the rest of the rock
so there's gonna be four lights under
the bar but it was just such a great
space to chill because it's shaded and
it's cool and like you can feel some of
the breeze you can totally sit here have
a drink relax and have a glorious view
of the pool and we have our fireplace
all set up if you haven't seen this it's
really cool so you have to turn on the
profane and then you use a lighter what
there goes Wow is that so cool then I
love that yeah the black lava and look
at yeah it's gonna be a big fire I know
right this is where we will be making
s'mores you guys pretty awesome this
backyard that we envisioned finally
starting to come together they drilled
holes for the pool fence today so yeah
me crazy safety is number one with us
and a fence to pay for it dynamic of it
this year and I'm excited to see it yeah
it'll be cool once they put it in you
guys will see pretty interesting yeah
but I like the spire to show it so cool
all right is getting that time for Finn
to go to bed and I actually just did my
hair
for realsies today because being dragged
on out yeah but yeah Fitness being so
cute right now he's big night everyone
Finn say night-night yeah 99 good kisses
Curtis all job you mm-hmm hey I love you
okay I love you
hey camera man he really just wants to
go tell his brother he loves them but
always on the potty and you done but
yeah kids are going to bed and me and
Brian agree with it right yeah we're
excited
the
