jadon alley no no I hear wherever you
are that's what ever wanna be that big
jump inside
just wandering around oh yeah
are you gonna come watch us again
you're with me good morning guys we are
at the last day of VidCon care and Brian
is playing somewhere waiting for their
Twitter
it was just got done with a panel which
was really awesome we did it with the
volunteer family and great ally the
social will have a little bit of time
now between our next thing we have
something fun in the dream we're hanging
out just a fun stuff Jeffrey's here I
think we're going to go see what VidCon
has softer
hey guys so yeah this is the Twitter
green room so there's a lot of cool
Twitter stuff going on I just did a
really funny video for a Twitter video
and they're always so cool because they
always retweet my stuff including that
video of Ollie and Finn in the crib but
look what they gave me right it's a book
bag with a Twitter logo I know it's like
do they know I like grey yeah we are
walking backstage at VidCon with the
Ballinger hunting for the coveted
Instagram lounge
I've heard it exists have you have seen
in route to elevator yeah the service
elevator and it makes you feel like
there are only two in here it's so funny
yeah I'm excited to see what they got
there they always have like really cool
photo ops for a mr. Graham honestly I
don't know where we're going Chris is
just guiding us look around
this okay so we're getting in a freight
elevator night dark alley oh my god just
know what's going on
I don't think I've ever for the life of
me been in a freight elevator it's very
character okay yes
rest in peace tower turn alright we are
headed into the freight elevator candy
are you coming in to the freight
elevator with oh it's really ha I've
never been in a freight elevator and I
am you know
no it seems so scary why should someone
through okay dad live die alive
the elevator is going up this is so
weird
this seriously like a Disney ride okay
waiting to see ya you guys we actually
made it we were not trying yeah thanks
man
welcome to the creators lounge
now we have Jeffrey the ham surround in
the corner look at that you know tired
yeah alright Missy is getting and the
giant hamster laughs and go push it girl
push it whoa if you got that thing
moving you can't stop okay I'm gonna try
and get in the hamster up
you guys there's an Instagram disco for
yeah Baker
check out these mirrors is my voice
sound weird - hello
it's like bouncing off them in odd
places hello
you can check every angle of yourself
and make sure that your photo
instagram-worthy
Instagram Lindsey oh yeah these mirrors
make you look great I look like a Calvin
Klein model oh hey Carl and ginger did
you get in trouble ginger oh look one of
the coolest things about lounges food
you gotta see the solid rock that's like
your favorite there you go Instagram you
know what's up
all right lifting our backstage at the
Walmart lounge and look around and Jared
and Ellie I don't know her hair
are you guys weird you remember that one
time where your I thought I'll do oh my
gosh you're so funny I think for this is
what very one-sided
you
hey what's up what about me then huh hey
that Mimi sitting Rizzoli
Oh
sweeping Oh
hi ollie - OH
fin is comfortable now he likes this is
done on the couch and pull the blanket
out on the deck okay okay hey what's up
dude you miss that are you waking early
nope pretty a nice little nap before
about time you guys always still asleep
I think he went to bed at like five or
six o'clock you went for a map and it's
still asleep so I still have not been
able to even might talk to him I play
with my anything's up probably have to
see him in the morning but I want to
show you guys my new barbecue area we've
been setting up because tomorrow's the
big pool party day so we're getting a
few things set up and it's basically
done in here you guys it's so cool we
got the TV we got the bars we got the
grill check this out I actually have my
own keg tap which is cool so this is
what we are serving tomorrow night not
menus out it's going to be such a fun
time there's going to be so many
surprises tomorrow you guys you are not
going to want to miss tomorrow's vlog
because it's going to be
epic for now we're going to continue
cleaning up continue getting ready I'm
going to call it a night but I hope you
guys enjoy today's video if you did be
sure to give it a thumbs up subscribe
and we will see you guys then Jana bye
Boop
you
