why are you guys the way wherever you
are that's why ever wanna be that big
top inside
here's why
you're coming all right Rex again
with me morning good morning buddy what
are you doing oh yeah hey guys so oli
it's all dressed for the day from today
we are doing something really fun do you
want to tell him we could get a picture
we are going to take some pictures of
you ha yes so these are a different kind
of picture that we're taking we're doing
head shots for all eight because lately
he's been getting some opportunities to
few things like audition and they need
head shots and so we thought this might
be fun for oli we have a photographer
coming over today going to take some
really simple head shots up I'm nothing
too crazy I don't want to like go into a
studio and be like hair and makeup and
stuff I wanted him to be super
comfortable so we're doing them at home
today and we're just going to get some
cool theatrical head shots right no
smiling right yeah okay all right always
show me your best model pose there you
go he never cards Ali's getting some
head shots done with Brooke only where
we find there's a big bug swimmin in the
water - cicada I can't hear ya let's see
if I can get him Oh where'd he go oh we
dropped back in there ah that's good
success up yeah goes got him that is a
big bug that is definitely probably one
of the biggest we've seen so far
I could do not he did this on his own
volition he's asleep he's just standing
there and I needed did that heavy fold
magician you saw me on a thought Oh work
it work it my son ladies and gentlemen
thank you good morning mr. Finnegan he
is standing in his favorite place right
now our kitchen pantry the world of
wonder jab you woke up just sometimes
our lunch buddy I missed you like duh if
I'm awake right now dude these two are
on a little baby date it looks to ever
like that episode of Lucky's vlogging
huh taejun doing York so cute baby girl
one day life is not easy said she's
watching her weight Oh Ben are you eatin
good no she's like picking at mom's food
over there
alright so Brenda's got a new game on
the VR system which the marriage this is
really fun this was intense fever
just Club so how do you move forward I
have a joint play right here oh the
direction nuts actually right now ldg
hey I didn't know what I'm looking at
enough with what is the TD right there
uh yeah mr. Luthor no doesn't gets in
Mama's play now before you cannot have a
gun buddy she's walking into the scary
cave you feel sick seriously I love
which a man who's so cool I never really
get a chance to play my VXR is kind of
confusing to set up but once you get it
like so fun this is not like a space
base camp right now go on go inside
you're older you're overheating your
guide you get sick
oh my gosh then what do you think of
mama she's playing yeah okay you want to
hold the gun okay you hold the guy oh my
gosh she knows how to shoot it this is
quite possibly the cutest thing I've
ever seen was that cool food is awesome
dude you have to put this mask on I put
this on so you can see everything and
then here's your gun and I'll hand you
your gun to pick can you see then put
those on know what has one in
here okay and then here's your gun hey
I'm gonna shoot push this right here -
okay
this body's coming yeah my again you're
all I shoot them prosecute a little yeah
Judah Judah the spiders coming out to
you ha get him nice shootin oh my gosh
she's actually playing right now oh
these guys shoot us
 the things that are flying ollie
you got it open so seriously insane he's
actually playing like he's moving the
joystick to get him to move but he's
shooting
that's incredible oh you're like in
there you're inside the video game alia
with this scary little scary
I'm going to go but you're gonna have
some minion chocolate and I'll be back
in a couple days okay okay just one day
grilling me on one day okay love you
why are you guys so where's Polly
Connecticut gym drunken love you behave
okay Danny I gotta go can I have a hug
mmm-hmm
that's a kiss that was like hmm love you
Finny can you imagine
covered in ice cream we are getting
ready to leave for VidCon we're just
going to do one whole day without the
boys but they're gonna have lots of fun
yeah
and I left the camera so they're gonna
vlog for you guys too and because I said
that now they have to write it's like a
verbal agreement but yeah we're excited
to head down to the town we have arrived
other minutes of it gun we're here no
kids that calcium climate in June okay
350 yeah we just made it to our room
here at VidCon we're getting ready to
head downstairs and get registered
what's cool about VidCon is they just
they do things to the tea you guys so we
had like a little welcome package
waiting for us with dark chocolate
espresso beans ya know yeah they're so
good what's wired called Jean Corbin are
saying this is like the little kids
suite we have a bunk bed so cute yeah
you ready people are gonna take selfies
with you is she smiling
we love participating in VidCon this was
our second VidCon we are participating
in as featured creators I think we have
a panel on Saturday and a meet-and-greet
as well and we're also meeting with a
couple of brands which is always a nice
opportunity so we get to have fun do
some business
meet some of you guys and enjoy
ourselves for a day or two I have a lot
to teach Corbin in the way from VidCon
basically you just crash all the
hospitality for me because they give me
a breather in brief agree food everyone
yeah pretty good everyone happy everyone
always has our distress that's what it's
fun about that time you get stuck we are
now in the fullscreen drinking Gatorland
look at this science so bright okay
fullscreen Sam we're here with our
fullscreen Sam you guys and now we are
full screeners again and you guys are
all family
hashtag announcement because I need that
yes so they have a cool little lounge
and they actually closed down
but we walked in and they're like oh hey
you guys are so cool when I make you
drink anyway so thank you those we were
check it out you guys
fullscreen has their own fitted spinners
and I just got one and I needed to
fidget with the good one too
look at IQ little baby if we have
wandered into the Despicable Me 3 lounge
they always have the coolest lounges at
VidCon and we already saw to Tickle Me
created with hilarious so look I can
ride with my buddy crude over here
pretty cool and like an entirety
and
all right we just had a delicious dinner
I was our friends it was a good night if
you want to go see that click the high
card to go subscribe to Kelsey in Corbin
yeah we're just having so much fun
VidCon is a crazy event and it's really
exciting to be able to do it with Kelsey
and Corbin but we have like so many
friends here we sell so many people to
go see so we're excited to experience
that actually tomorrow we're doing
something really really fun so make sure
you the following us on all of us on our
social medias because we're probably
doing a lot of fun
snappin and stuff like that tomorrow
this can be cool anyway make sure you
give today's video a thumbs up we're
going to end it today we miss the boys
but we know they are happy and they were
both passed out by 8 o'clock yeah so
they're happy with me and Papa and not
overwhelmed with the craziness here so
we'll see you guys tomorrow right
you
