I remember fighting today yeah Holly
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
that big looked up inside
just funning around you
are you coming no I just again
I am Wow
how are you just morning
hey you guys and crazy feelings we are
so excited this morning we've been
cleaning all day have you been cleaning
up your playroom oh yes we just got done
doing a bunch of tours and we're excited
because what who's coming over Toshi a
cool guy and who else
Oh too cute or so excited to teach you
are you so excited to see Jun
yeah and Junaid she's like a baby yeah
but can you sing she likes Finn hahaha
dude like you didn't have a new question
here do you have a crush on Jun these
boys watch Calvin Corbin quite often and
they love Jun so we're really excited to
see them you want to see doing he's like
we think we've been cleaning up getting
ready for them and we're excited our
Sunday Wednesday apartment they're
almost here still this year I think he's
actually really looking forward to
seeing Corbin he's actually pretty good
budget Corbin huh hey huh oh my god
picking your nose with an alligator tail
yeah you weirdo
max loading up tons of groceries our new
baby is here Oh who's here
go Tim go go go go ping go
garbin
meet you okay it to be really careful
with our new baby girl okay oh my God
look
hi baby girl oh yeah we're gonna get you
a tan look at those white leg is so
beautiful okay hi Kelsey how's the drive
he like talks and babbles and runs away
and throw things
Holly Holly can you get Kofi hug did you
have a yummy meal I tell them what
happened with Ben when he saw her
breastfeeding her yes I was just going
to say that so I was taking all way to
go to better fin to go to bed and he saw
Jun go under and like start to nurse and
he was like but and he wouldn't take his
eyes off healthy like he was like he was
like sherab like another person I can
ask another person I can ask no no are
you gonna go there sir ripping your
shirt off I'm not I guarantee it she was
like those are mine you like fart noises
tag we did very silly
I guess I a little harder I would see
this in my mouth
I'm okay how do I look little baby girl
yes so cute he does like me like you
know you say yeah I hope you feel beyond
horrible I know she's literally the
cutest little girl do you remember
fighting today yeah never had a baby on
our channel in so long I love her she's
so cute she's like staring at you honey
I'm uncle Brian okay I'm gonna for you
you already have a kind of clothes and
toys for you expected she's like ah no
problem with those ones isn't she's so
cute oh yeah you wanna tickler all he's
gonna stick o hectically okay yeah don't
you so cute always hey Ellie she loves
partners is unitary
okay Chinese some partners other but
look at it
Oh II do not know how to make fart
noises fine right hey yo that's it
Kelton Corbin sorry weird opting for
adopting your daughter juniper is now
ours for a week yes we get to a doctor
for a week at least I can still feed her
you guys hey Holly check out this cool
minion from Despicable Me 3 yeah but is
it mine yeah look at he's in jail he is
Dale clothes remember when we saw that
movie if you guys missed the vlog where
we got to see Despicable Me 3 and meet
the minions I'll have it linked in the
iCard in the corner of the frame we got
to see Despicable Me 3
and not to give any spoilers because I'm
pretty sure they have it in the promo
box the minions go to jail yeah and what
do they get on them they're cute
yeah they get tattoos so we have this
cute little host minute figurine I found
and it comes with all these cool
stickers that you can put on them so
here's what I want you to do all we pick
three tattoos and then we'll put them on
the minion wherever okay
take the fire one and you put it on the
minion wherever you want him to have the
tattoo on his arm
all right on his head nice look at the
hat in that cool right there whoa
that's so cool and that cool lolly yeah
got our minions all decked out with
tattoos mostly face tattoos though he
might have a little bit of trouble
finding employment after he's out of the
clink
you want that one okay he also sends
Kelsey and Corbin are visiting I saw the
minion toy and add stickers and I needed
little stickers and I don't even know if
I can film it but I put one of them on
top of the camera and yeah I can't even
show you guys because it's weird angles
to be weird yeah you guys can have fin
and we'll take to you you going to find
see someone milky yeah look at governor
kisses she lays roses hey what's a fence
I'll get you handy you want a baby
sister
is the internet exploding yet the
internet dead like a Kiwi
check your phones is that so working oh
she's like okay he doesn't believe me
okay Oh
Nelson yes a sweet little boy just got
done swimming and now the boys are eatin
some dinner
look at this we got pasta with broccoli
yummy
hot dog yes mac and cheese what you know
mac and cheese is pasta bro
this kid is eating oatmeal it's just one
of those nights yes hey Olli what did
you think about me in June you know it's
crazy
oh my goodness Judith going to bed thin
is going to bed very soon and I'm about
to throw some burgers on the grill for
dinner tonight what you think it's cool
cool right if you guys want to watch
Corbin frolic in the pool be sure to go
subscribe to their channel I'll have it
in the iCard thing going down the slide
yes then actually grab your camera
what yeah so be sure you head over to
Kelsey and Carmen channel and check out
that adorable man I'm looking for
hamburger seasoning there to go karma
you've been joining the pool today he's
been having so much fun this is the
designated karma Lego brick he asks us
to throw it for him all day long it's
been such a hot day though so this pool
has been just like the perfect thing
ever for us also check out Missy scored
a umbrella for the little part right
here which is really cool so the kids
will have some shade tomorrow whoo
you like Legos too don't you okay this
barbeque pit you guys so close being
done all we need is a door there and a
door there and the roof needs to be put
on in the tiles or over there so they
have the tiles we passed the roof
inspection today so if things are
putting the roof on on Thursday and I
think they said the cabinet turn on
Thursday so hopefully it's going to be
all down but check out these lights we
have these really cool light hey what
are you doing don't fall in the fire pit
it can if you fall in it will hurt ya
burgers on the grill and it's a
beautiful night it's not even 8 o'clock
at night you guys always fast asleep
know one of the reasons I love summer
because he swims and plays so hard and
then passes out at night I love this kid
you
you
