all right kiddos you want to play some
water balloon all right there they go oh
right on the head oli yeah wherever you
are that's what ever wanna be that big
duck
oh you dog coming alright again
come to happy
good morning yeah Ali what what happened
to your playroom um Oh Finn did this
then did all of this your room is a
disaster
we played pretty hard this weekend we
had some friends over we just did we
talked on TV baby okay no yes we do have
CJ family coming over today so uh three
are gonna clean this player room up
completely got it hey morning to poopoo
everything's a disaster
everything's been dumped on a bucket I
think I already cleaned up some stuff I
was like you know what let's turn on the
camera and let's show this room get
super clean are you guys ready
we got work really fast yeah let's do it
didn't good job guys I mean Finn was
more destruction than help but you were
very helpful good job you put like all
your toys away yeah he was he just kept
getting them out when all I was putting
them in but all it was still very good
we do need to go through this get a
little crazy huh should we donate some
of your toys and get the other kid yeah
why don't 100 takes off schools okay you
can keep your sword because you like to
play without a lot but yeah I'm sure we
can definitely donate a lot of these
toys
and that's how I fluff my couch whoo
it's a lot of work all right the house
is clean and sitting down for a nap
always in here watching a movie what are
you watching
Cat in the Hat and we're getting ready
to go swimming you're gonna have a fun
day but I hope you guys enjoyed watching
me clean I don't really always show that
so I thought just go ahead and do some
fun somebody to do that way back in the
day a lot more but anyways yeah actually
I'm going to go through this now that
we're waiting for CJ and Bailey come
over oh my gosh I had just emptied out
the bean bag that I had bought because
it was so fluffy that then could you sit
on it I put it all in here and someone I
don't know who it wasn't all we jumped
it over and spread it all over I'm
destiny I would spin I just didn't see
it
or maybe karma like hopped up there when
I wasn't looking and wanted to check it
out I probably could actually watch the
cameras this is a mess and these things
stick to you they just are so hard to
clean up so now I guess I'll clean that
up
check this out
the bag is just sitting there on the
counter no mess and watch oh my god so
no one did it no one does it just did it
on its own and I have to say I feel like
this is a good lesson for us moms
because I things like that happen a lot
that we usually blame on our kids
luckily I asked Ollie and he would have
told me the truth and he was like no I
didn't do that mama so I believed him
you never know some kids have a harder
time you know telling the truth if they
did do something wrong but I feel like
sometimes this mom might be like I know
you did this it didn't do it by itself
it totally did it by itself I kind of
thought maybe karma did it too sometimes
he gets a little curious on what's on
the counters nope it was just a there's
like nah ain't doing that
hey guys so everyone is here at school
today cooling off because it is such a
hot day and it's not happy I know I'm
not jumping in with you guys I'll jump
in on my own accord let's see what
happens we take two yeah good job Finny
you're like a big boy he always wants to
be with the big kid you ready
it's high up there huh yeah all right
kiddos you want to play some water
balloons all right we are making water
balloons who's gonna win in a water
balloon fight probably fill them up he
do a little bit no these ones look like
cherry Ellen got a hole there they got
it as water balloons battle time
everyone grab one balloon and then step
to the Oh or just start throwing that
works too Oh quartz it's trying to
gobble it up she kisses you throw it
good job
oh right on the head Ollie's yeah get
him get a baby oh they just bounce off
you Oh
CJ's impervious to the water balloons it
it sounds like oh no oh they're all gone
now
alright boys mommy and I are going to
something very special
Ollie did you know uncle is graduating
from college it's not crazy
oh I know can you say congratulations
uncle glassy and Ollie that's not nice
so mom and I are going to go to his
graduation so you're gonna hang out with
CJ and Bailey and Jesse K be a good boy
okay your bathing suits right okay we'll
take off okay Finn you behave too okay I
love you I love you I love you Allie
will you watch him and make sure he's
good thank you
you're a good big brother we are walking
to Jimmy's graduation and looking to God
he was like a little monkey with a
graduation cap on and it says congrats
grad look at this hot mama we are
walking and is 104 degrees out here
sunny blue skies make you woman done
that's right babe if he loves backside
wow-whee affairs himself right
like you met all congratulations Jimmy
slaughter me
open the card so so hard for this you
guys started in our Yoho and everything
over here has been a long hard road and
he did it cuz he was determined and yes
you've got a cool metal only the top 10%
of the college is really cool for our
favorite there's a little animal of them
graduated mother's memory computer
science so it's kind of a nerd woman and
he's going to make cool app on iPhone
stuff maybe
we just left dinner and we just had
dinner at the Mission Inn and it was
delicious
Casca actually found it it was perfect
it was very very good just like a
delicious steak place is perfect that's
what Jimmy wanted yeah the mission is
very famous and it's famous for being
haunted yes and actually a really cool
place during the Christmas time we've
been always wanted to come here we are
headed home it was so fun we actually
had to celebrate a dinner without the
kids and I don't think that all of us
all six of us have been alone without
just one of Ollie orphan ever since
Ollie was born that's nice
because normally one of them are what I
meant but it was nice yeah it looks
pretty crazy like real like wait where's
all insane gonna sit because let's not
the next to them give me 1000 upon you
Oh dad's holding it up I would not
happen in second I know we're actually
heading home now
just as been watching the kids it's just
super super nice of her so thank you
just we're in the bus so make sure you
give this video a big thumbs up
contrasted to me me clearly not in the
comments below and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
how would you like to do the honors
Ollie he is the voice of all remember oh
my God look who's there this is the
voices calling you all these voice right
now for by day I goop
I just got home
