how many just you know that's not your
pocket buddy this is your pocket right
where'd you put your quarters oh that is
not a pocket Holly oh my god don't you
wherever you are that's whatever wannabe
all around
that figure I looked up inside
just one around
don't you know talking you down coming
on again
with me what are they doing to our pool
this morning Emily making progress
look at so this process is actually
called plastering and they're laying in
a pebble tech that's going to cover the
inside of the pool this is the first
step but they have to do before they
fill it back up way more balloon I think
it's going yeah
I think it's no I look what do you think
about that Holly crazy
we'll get your pool back huh yes good
morning guys
we woke up bright and early this morning
think these guys were here at 6 a.m. to
get started on the pool panic them
starting to look really good I'm so
excited
tomorrow they are after washing it and
filling it getting there
Oh morning guys we are now in the car
and we're actually headed to breakfast
no we're like super on it this morning
okay let's not late up too much it is
nearly 11:00 okay but the kids left in
we got up we got dressed and we got out
of the house before anyone was trying to
Sarah sorry so that's for me
I'm literally driving the closet smoking
okay
honestly we were like kind of like good
so smoking and like you to be such a bad
penny right now I know if you can tell
but yeah it's it's definitely like so
funny i think i think is like bitch like
starts one up again today i may also
like to do it whether or not i win
so what happens though is that we'll
just sit and it's just like here and
we're going to fit into coke she's
obviously a wind
we'd like blow like trying it out a bit
later all these are close to like you go
outside for just a couple minutes econ
sites like smoke yeah campfire not it's
kind of uncomfortable but yeah they're
just doing oh my gosh not we're driving
yeah i mean people just don't even live
near our house are like hello everything
smells and we're like right next to it
so maybe we're actually headed to
breakfast to get out of the luckier area
so Ollie has earned two quarters let me
see them and what do you get money for
ollie when you pay attention and when
you're a good boy when you do your
chores and you go above and beyond it's
been really into money lately so we've
been rewarding him with quarters what
and then we give you a quarter so like
he got a quarter yesterday at lunch for
being good you got a quarter this
morning because he puts in above himself
in yesterday's vlog and so we wanted to
show him in the vlog and then show them
why how many just you know that's not
your pocket buddy this is your pocket
right you putting them in there where'd
you put your quarters oh that is not a
pocket
as flies his pocket Holly oh my god
without you
your fly is not your pocket these are
your pockets so put your money in there
and it'll be safe okay it probably is in
your shoes dude this literally sells out
as bad yeah you got to keep them in your
pocket okay funny you guys yeah Holly
has quarters now trying to talk about
like rewards pentane and stuff like that
so we figure he's into it might be a bit
stuck you wanna go eat bin Ali is very
excited about syrup on his pancakes ah
yes we're breakfast and our boys are
literally having a sword fight with
utensils who's winning you thank you Ben
watch it Holly be careful Ben's been
playing with the big boys a little bit
more lately he wants to be a big kid
alright we are back home and all I guess
what someone special is here even gonna
say hi is pay here go check in the town
go go go
hey hey hey is how are you good what are
you eating a burrito
nice hey you guys look
that's so cool so readily open it up
whoa yeah it is what's another one that
is so cool Qi pay
thank you good to us she's like really
into that burrito thank you let hi to us
check out what we got you guys we have a
giant Kinect for game we got this for
the party that works on coming up yeah
we didn't wait to break it out and play
with the kids oh you know how to play
Connect four
okay you want to play look at this giant
Kinect for it's not cool so do you want
to be red or blue you want to be red and
you want to be blue okay basically you
just get this slide you're looking right
in and I'll fall always run bottom and
you want to get four in a row
whoa yeah well I like to get to well you
can get to neuro if you want to get four
to win okay okay so you want to do all
up and down so I just started not even
though I can get you sure but then you
lose yeah but you have to get four in a
row
that's how it costed to take turns and
then whoever wins dead the candy
the big a big lollipop
all right Ollie you want to go first
there we go
now you have two in a row you see two
more good job hey and Ollie your turn
ooh
what is the f2
there's some strategizing going on here
what is she gonna do dangerous we'll see
LED lights or or in a row how do you get
four in a row you ready
No Oh Olli look you got one two three
four in a row
good job you guys know what you get to
do now you get to release them all you
got to pull at the bottom so you can
start over whoa
alright Olli as promised since you won
the Kinect for game do you know what
your prize is what is it what I love it
Bob and I thought this would be a really
cool opportunity to try unicorn poop
lollipops so we picked these up at a
candy store when we were in LA
about a week ago they're in the shape of
poop and they have glitter and like
candy all over it pretty good
yet you know it's actually unicorn poop
nothing gross yeah you a giant yeah it's
good it tastes really good okay all
right
Ollie is going to try the unicorn poop
lollipop what do you think good what's
it taste like it doesn't taste like poop
let me try mine I don't know if it's
great I just tastes like sugar do you
bite it is like a cookie hello
oh oh so mine is a little like banana
and yours is blue so is it like blue
raspberry I don't look at mine what
color is my name side yeah yellow so I
think it's banana don't like too much
you don't want to lose the tooth over it
so verdict on unicorn poop lollipops is
they're pretty good but all this sugar
on the top of it a little bit nasty
would you say yeah he likes it so how
are the chicks doing they're doing good
look how cute they are
I really think that Pam is not happy
with been in the coop he's a little
rowdy she's being very territorial all
the chicks are doing so well right now I
think Pam is actually teaching them how
to pack Kentucky teaching about the
pecking order and all that thank you
like scratches she can judge how to
scratch and then how to eat so if you
just scratch and then they all run to
like be my Richie's checking oh I cannot
believe all six of doing so well so
that's amazing amazing I I was talking
about when we want to start
incorporating them with the big chicken
yeah I think our biggest problem will be
that Pam doesn't want them anywhere near
her chicks yeah not that big chicks will
like them yeah also you guys don't know
their names yet but if you click that
eye card in the corner it'll take you to
a video that Missy put on her channel
early this morning of us revealing to
you all of the baby chicks names and
it's really really exciting we have a
really cool theme I think you guys are
going to really love it and the video
turned out super cute is basically just
get to see each little check in their
own yeah throne special really really
exciting looking a little a gatherer
yeah another one
thank you good job for eggs if you look
closely to Meredith has caught herself a
snail and she is quite proud of it it's
eat or be eaten out here
so forth nice dinner for the boys we're
keeping it really easy we got peanut
butter and jelly sandwiches bananas and
carrot and if you look closely at these
sandwiches you will see that they are
actually a very cool shape we got this
little dinosaur sandwich cut out
randomly at like an Albertsons I think
like in an aisle or something and we
were like we have to do this but I think
the boys are going to love to eat peanut
butter and jelly sandwiches shaped like
dinosaurs let's see what they think
here you go mister fit again how's that
now he's pretty cool hey Ollie we got a
special surprise for you for your dinner
come look what's it shaped like it is ha
isn't that cool
Oh Dino peanut butter and jelly you like
it been doing two at a time
hey Ron you can bite their head off why
does that offend Julie got a dinosaur
sound you didn't rah okay he actually
got peanut butter on the camera
I want to make sure I get why you exist
hit movie
you
