yeah you want to buy thali okay have a
bike what do you think no it doesn't
give it back to him are you okay
maybe go get a drink of water wherever
you are that's whatever wanna be big
it is long
just never know yeah
coming all trucks again
oh hey dude what are you doing today
we're making waffles and you're going to
drink chocolate milk yeah you get 94
swim class yeah what color should we
make the waffles of someone you want to
make him a fun color I want to blue and
green he told me I have made some waffle
mix and I have brought out some blue and
green food coloring you want to make it
for me that's so nice of you do check
out these colors guys not cool
see that neat and this one what color is
this one yep all right so let's just
scoop these into the water maker do a
green line and we'll do a blue one
thinks okay if they get a little mixed
up too it just makes it cooler green
look it's got some blue in it already
and a blue one over here those are some
cool look and waffles and I think I'll
even add a little bit for the bees okay
close it up get them cooking
all right just beef let's see what they
look like whoa that's so cool
check out that voice not so cool it's
like tie-dye waffles be excited Olly get
at the table boys let's eat then what do
you think of the yummy take a bite
come try it the yummy yeah
good morning guys it is Wednesday which
means it's last day and we haven't been
to swim in so long I'm really looking
forward to it before we leave the boys
are just getting some rides in hollywo
cup this morning I got him dressed and
you know you got to get my shoes on so I
can go ride my bike and I was like okay
so he just wants to ride his bike loads
also some good news our pool whoa you're
first of all dang it you okay bud oh
sure thank ya oh my goodness okay let's
get back up here he really likes going
down the hills
alright guys no more no more going down
the hill anyways I was trying to say
that the pool is scheduled to be done
this week so fingers crossed I think
it's going to happen very excited but
yeah we need to get out of this outside
it is so smoky my lungs feel like
they're filling up right now and I'm
actually getting a headache
it is very very smoky out here do you
know
I couldn't stop trying to ride down the
hill
you are daredevil you are do
holy guacamole hey guys um I just walked
out back and there is smoke everywhere
in our backyard and over on this hill
this is insane
not only that we can smell it everywhere
and if you look over there you can
actually see something is going down
look at all that smoke you guys this is
scary I know we do live in an area where
brush fires are pretty prevalent and
they do a lot of things to try and
protect them out here I really hope this
isn't something we have to worry about
it being so close to our house I just
heard that it's about five miles away
from our house right now and like our
house started filling up a smoke you can
clearly see it like in the backyard and
everything this is nuts come on you
smell that smell all that smoke dude
it's crazy starting to really I don't
know if you can tell the camera was
starting to really fill up these hills
too crazy
the boys are swimming class now but it's
probably actually best that we do things
in the city because definitely very
smoky up here I wonder how the air
quality is going to be in the house
surface not at all something I even have
to worry about I don't know let's scare
you guys
oh hey dude how was swim class good you
want to tell everything you did
Isaac lucky what is and I do
alchemy snaps and Iceland are doing good
class and you do big arms right so he
did the monkey crawl across he did big
arms alligator snap all that fun stuff
ha I heard you did really good today
yeah hey let's say we share some foods
many maneuvers next to you want to
sucker to you yeah that was my mistake
I left the pantry open let's just have a
little fruit snack ok I want to teach
you how to open these see right here on
the top it has a little sliver yeah do
you see it right there
please go community and that's open you
try hey you did it see I told you you
could do it sorry boy
can you name all the three-setter in
here what's this one a black it's black
maybe blackberries are grapes no what's
this one you know this one
I'm strapping in rubbers and digits
happen right and what's this one right
orange yep and it's orange and what's
this one this one looks like a yellow
strawberry that's odd oh yeah
fruit snacks they're not just for kids
they're for kids know they're for adults
too yes so it looks like a lot of the
smoke has actually dissipated and still
smell it smell it but it's not as though
this morning I heavenly bursting yeah I
was crazy it's fun of the whole house
yeah it was really bad
I was kind of scared he's like it was
horrible and I wasn't like super scared
but fires on California's person Sarah
they grow fast they do they do you never
know like yeah pay a lot for homeowners
insurance because all yeah right
not only do we pay a lot more for
homeowners insurance but we actually pay
a yearly fee to the fire department
because writing like a high-risk area I
mean that right there that's all
rothmeyer I know it's crazy so and
someone I mean that fire just a couple
months ago like destroyed that huge
house on the hill so they grow so fast
since I hear to get a lot of wind so
they just started knocking yeah yes I do
have some good news I called the fire
department today while you were gone
said and they said it was a controlled
brush fire oh good so we're good I think
they actually do that to help with the
fires Oh like burns all the fuels like
British hard over all the dead dead
stuff yeah really yeah Holly good news
our house isn't going to burn down yeah
I think he put every single one of those
food snacks including mine in his mouth
mom that's how he doesn't believe what
you got please he loves tearing up
flowers I will not discourage it though
check out this tree stump you guys this
is where those trees were that dropped
all those nasty little balls that were
dangerous to a dog and this is the new
tree we put up which they're actually
kind of nice they're starting to get a
little fuller this one's a little weak
but this is the stump that they left
after whether you like it or not
seriously it's actually kind of cool
hey girls how are babies doing good aunt
it raised on this video and come in here
and they're literally flying up here and
getting out oh my gosh I was like what
how big we are oh look at this lunch
homesteaders name but is so cute and
fluffy yeah so Missy is gathering them
all up because she's gonna do a video on
her channel I think it'll be out Friday
well stay in there girls yes it'll be up
on her channel on Friday so click that I
card sings don't subscribe to her
channel is gonna announce all of the
names yes in there I'm so saying they're
all doing really good they're doing
amazing like if we were going to lose
any they'd be like super lethargic and
slow but they're also acting that's so
like thank you look at this little show
that was the first part yeah no but even
all of them even the silky yeah this one
jumped up here sweet oh my goodness I
need to get a lid babe alright so we are
snacking on some crackers and cheese and
finished snacking on something of his
own he actually pulled this out of the
fridge himself and is now eating it oh
my god on it master he does not yeah
it's like he took it out cuz he wanted
it and now he's too embarrassed to admit
that is disgusting my kid so he's like
daring her so awkwardly I like it he
eating it and he's gonna walk around the
house and he's gonna run if I try to get
it from can I have it can I have it no
it's fine really
have another juice every day
you want to buy thali okay have a bite
what do you think no it doesn't give it
back to him if you wanted to eat a lot
of meat it are you okay
maybe go get a drink of water oli
grabbed it let me have a bite you do
good bite with these kids are crazy
you're really gonna eat that then you
know that is that's a helicopter yeah
look up that's a helicopter that fights
fires yeah so it's been such a fun day
we've just been hanging out the house we
ran a couple of errands and we just got
stacked the house smell is back and
stronger than ever
okay you wanna show mo your most there
huh do it again whoa Willie
yeah there's helicopters everywhere oh
my gosh oli look see all that right
there it looks like clouds but it's not
it's so smoky ollie all that great smoke
move is that there's another fire yeah
y'all that smoke well the fire is
usually under the smoke yeah so crazy
all these tires so close to our house it
freaks me out we've had like super hot
days like 1995 and now it's so cold huh
he's obsessed with this little bike now
you're almost ready for pedals huh yeah
check this out you guys they added the
stucco to the parts that are getting
stuck oh so it's all inside the bar this
back wall they did most of the rock I
think they have to order a few few more
to get up there this is all stucco too
but they may just leave it plain since
you can't even see it there's really no
use but the bar and the output will
start to look really good just me and
the boys tonight Missy is out doing a
little girls night thing so I'm super
excited she gets to do that but going to
be a little bit lonely as
kid come to bed in less than an hour and
finish already asleep
alright it's more biking in before
before get start we're gonna vlog now
yeah what are we gonna vlog about Olli
you want to vlog something yeah but I
like a couple what are you afraid still
King you're afraid of skeleton yeah okay
so all he came out here so afraid he
said I want to vlog that and apparently
he wanted to tell you guys he's afraid
of skeletons either skeleton Oh in
moa√±a you're watching mana right now in
the playroom well guess what it's just
fake yeah nothing can hurt you you know
that right
and I'll always keep you safe okay okay
wow you're really flexible I want you to
let me hang out in your playroom okay
it's time to start relaxing for four
minutes
okay I'm gonna hang out in his playroom
for four minutes but you should end the
vlog huh if you want to make sure
watching please all guys sure to give it
a thumbs up icon yes click the icon in
the corner you can watch more fun videos
from us hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog we will see him in Jana Ali what do
we say now
you
