Ben is showing us his literally his mood
I have to watch them pretty closely but
he can actually skateboard pretty dang
good ready go
yeah look at that but he's literally
pushing it what's gonna happen now
you'll get a part of everything wherever
you are that's where I wanna be big duck
inside
just whatever
come again
you're with me
good morning Finn did you see the last
night yeah you let mama sleep in so good
and so happy
good morning ollie what are you watching
okay sing yeah are you super into it
right now yeah did you sleep good good
I'm glad you both you boys spoiled Mama
and Daddy today you let us sleep thank
you
yep good morning and these boys I'm just
so proud of them
no actually been woke up at like 6:30
which is oh that is early one for me
like 7:30 I'm like oh good to get up
6:30 I'm like amazing thing happened is
I dropped him and he went back to sleep
and I was like I gotta sleep and then he
slept into like nah so I think that was
almost like a nap I don't even know but
I was super duper fast but anyways yeah
we're just getting up this morning
getting our breakfast they are doing a
ton of work on the barbecue and cool
stuff I'm gonna be honest guys the pool
is supposed to be done like two weeks
ago they said this will be done at the
beginning of May and the barbecue stuff
will be done at the end of May so it
almost is like they decided to just like
get them both on it's animate but I'm
actually getting word that they're not
going to even finish the pool by the end
of May I'm just kidding so like it's
just so frustrating when you're like are
waiting months and months months and
everything is going so smooth in and
just like work to stop that it's very
typical for like stuff like this work
just tends to stop towards the ending
you think oh it's gonna get tired and
you're like nope not getting it done in
time some little bugs about it but I do
think that it's going to be at least
this make it for sure next week or I'm
gonna have some
oh we're already it's in there they just
have literally one more step left on the
pool and then they fill it up so it's a
really simple thing and then they're
going to be finishing up everything
really sure yeah watch me
yeah there is a little bit but we're
going to put take it out and put clean
water in huh yeah and check out this
painting I did last night I went to a
little fun
Payton ship with a bunch of my family so
it's like Carolyn Jessica and my Aunt
Linda and I had so much fun I've never
done anything like it before and to be
honest I am NOT artistic and whenever I
paint I feel like it looks like a five
girl did it to be honest like I still
like look at this I'm like oh my gosh
what is wrong with this road but it was
actually just a lot of fun and I really
enjoyed doing it so I showed all over it
this morning and just that's the road
from Beauty and the Beast it's so cool
mom are like yes I got the approval of
my three year old yet alright we're
outside enjoying the beautiful weather
out here it is a really nice it's
actually really warm I would really have
loved it dad Brian says it's very hot I
think it's pretty warm for sure it's
actually a perfect day to go in the pool
but we can't and I'm I said that even a
little loud because I've been kind of
kidding on them like so when's it gonna
be done oh this week I'm like okay I'll
believe when I see it that's right that
day I think you I think it might have
been a little rude this is like I don't
not even thing that like for three weeks
now
I don't like Kay I hope it's going to be
done cuz it's hot I'm ready so Jimmy
what are you doing Ben you taking up a
bug put it down you know what Ella it
looks like a mosquito eater
she liked my summer bug bug bug bug
Molly did you tell him to get that bug
no you weren't trying to entice and just
pick it up look at all these little
chicks they're doing great and getting
so big
I got anther water again unusual they're
great at getting it dirty and she's so
cute look in here she's like look he
just scratched push it around and pack
and they like love it when she does this
because they like all gather around and
like techris she like scratches Jaime
like that
they all doing so good I can't believe
it Hey yay we got eggs these girls are
still doing good making Meg Finley don't
break them Oh John there's one some big
one yeah but he rolled holidays yeah
I'll hold it all right chickens food and
waters all cleaned up three eggs I just
put the chicken back in said I want
anyone to get hurt don't know if I'm
gonna be here all day I don't know how
he got half his shirt off what happened
you don't know and all it takes me a
flower he's so thoughtful let me put
date let me give these good daddy for
some hmm what should I do with it Ali's
company here here you wanna put in my
hair
he's so sweet he always thinks to me
okay it's really hot on you it's not hi
it's so nice I mean a fool be nice I am
sweating but there's a nice breeze so I
was it would say it's cool breeze but it
is a pretty warm day look at my hair
like a cannibal dude you have animals in
your room so if you guys have missed
yesterday's vlog be sure to click the I
card in the corner so that you can watch
out yesterday Papa got you some presents
didn't he yes so he got him a little
butterfly kit we have caterpillars in
here that are going to grow into
butterflies and then we also got some
tadpoles good those guys they cool well
that's their food that stays soon yeah
so now all it gets to watch the
caterpillars turn into butterflies and
the tadpoles turn into frogs so I
thought all Ethan's Papa got such a cool
present yesterday that you should repay
him and give him a present today and I
found something perfect you want to get
Papa present today well we don't have
any wrapping paper but I found an old
shoebox and I found some newspaper and
this is the tape I found Ollie can you
help me make this look like a present is
that good
yay look at all that we wrap the present
and now he just put the ball right put
it on and push it really hard there you
go thank you
yeah just don't look at the box we're
working with what we have here you guys
now since Papa got you some cool
presents yesterday with all your cool
animal you're gonna give him this
present when he comes here today okay no
it's not picking up again say in my head
it is bigger than your head huh
oh let me me and pop are here yeah
holy you don't ask
Ollie what the present is the present he
wrapped it himself can you talk yeah I
mean that's the way I would do it just
real taping you ready
albeit okay I better oh man your socks
is a box you got me a spot I love boxes
I can put things in it and I can put it
in places like I can put all kinds of
stuff in here
yeah that's a nice box thank you for the
hot it's a specific it says the Papa
can't fix it no one can
it looks a little too big for me I know
what a small do you know how many people
have been telling us together not sure
Everest we did that shirt a lot too and
you know what it's true it's so true oh
yeah we put on you gotta put it on
that's right
Papa's wearing his shirt it looks so
good huh good grief on it yeah
what someone is going down the slide
with no water in it this lepree oh yeah
we've been dying to go down that slide
but once again not plastered no-doubter
whoa
you found it spinners in the condom on
the rock and spit up these ones all in
the dark yep so we're keeping them
outside so they can absorb some Sun
all right all is on his stride right I
gotta say he's not like a big bicycle
person now Finn loves my gloves
skateboards loves it all all he has
never been into it but he's been
practicing a lot and how he can even do
tricks whoa all right Ally show me your
moves
whoa so so close I'm pleased didn't hear
he'll be doing that stuff but he's so
cute just to watch him play and Finn
loved his skateboard
love's loves it loved anything with
wheels r/c cars go cards Polaris
skateboards bicycles it's got wheels
he's obsessed he's like I got to take
this down below guys see you later Mike
yep I see it yes I did smells like you
okay your face Ben is showing us his
literally his mood I have to watch them
pretty closely but he can actually
skateboard pretty dang good ready go
yeah he's literally pushing it what's
gonna happen now you know you have a
positive video is little see our spill
thing no okay show me your move
whoa good job you rubbing your engine up
both my kids just have a need for speed
then love things with wheels basically
oh wow babe she stopped right on that
so then just go my hat we will not give
it back
oh you want a hat too here you wear this
one there we go and I will wear this one
because I did not do my hair today
oh and oli can wear that one Olli can
wear this one and then we can all wear
hats you sick
where's Ellen Rizzoli then he's in here
look all I can you wear a hat too so we
can all be wearing hats that one's a
little too small for you no I'll wear
hats what do you make an ollie Lego
blocks that's cool
then you want to help him make something
here you want to build something he
really wants him to wear a hat maybe
mama can wear ask mama to wear the hat
oh that's so cool dude are you getting
tired Ollie no somos bent bedtime all
right it is time for bed but first me
and ollie read almost the same books
every night that's his collection of
books that are in his room he's got a
bunch of books in his playroom but we
always read like Oliver who is tall but
mighty huh you liked that one a lot and
we read like the ten little dinosaurs
like it's usually it's the same book
every night I was like oh I need a new
book so I went to the playroom and I
picked out a few that we haven't read in
a long time so the first book we have is
the napping house which I have read this
book before and it is super cute I
really like this one the second book I
picked out is dinosaurs and this one's
really cool because it's a pop-up book I
did not dodge twice cake dough sisters
I've never won this one aha he knows his
nemesis whoa oh my goodness we got that
one and then we have a book that I have
not read yet and I didn't even know week
diet because I ordered it probably
forever ago and I just went through his
books I'm like oh my gosh Brian musta
put this away without tiny but it is
oliver who would not sleep or to read
this book especially tonight i'm very
excited about it cause he loves oliver
who is tall but my knee and i think this
is the same writer on the same time but
for now we're gonna go ahead and end the
vlog Oh guys no chase video make sure
you give a big thumbs up
alright I will see you guys tomorrow
what do you say fine
you
