wherever you are that's wherever wanna
be big
here's
just one around
coming all our cuts again
most oh it smells good
did daddy do a good job making french
toast yes I did
good morning guys it's mr. crazy morning
hair here with the boys made some
homemade french toast little Finn likes
it
you need syrup on yours oh yeah all in
that means that I did forget syrup
that's great I think there's some syrup
in here oh yes there is an hour very
messy pantry do not judge it don't sit
on the French toast silly boy
don't sit on the French toes I worked
hard on that you're such a prankster
what do you think good day
good morning guys I just had a delicious
breakfast that Brian Mays for us while I
was getting ready for church and now
that the boys are all fed we gotta get
you guys ready and you guide me to
cleaning your playroom it is a disaster
we have a lot of kids over yesterday
though so that tends to happen when kids
come over this is a pigsty
I am super excited a I've been watching
- can watch my baby chicks in there so -
I haven't checked on today I've gotta
admit I'm a little nervous about the
last chick number 6
it's a silky and last night I could
still feel it like moving around in the
egg and trying to pick but no like
breakage should happen so I'm like oh I
don't know what to do I know you're not
some help it and I've also read like in
certain circumstances if it's been a
long time so they can't get out they are
going to die so sometimes helping them
will prevent them from dying so I don't
know it's kind of a tough situation but
I haven't seen it today so if there's
some progress today then I will keep my
fingers crossed but it'll break through
and crack and be fine but if there's no
progress I'm going to admit I'm going to
be a little more nervous and I don't
know what I'll do so I'm excited to go
check on them all they are all running
around their little mama and they
haven't had any food or drink yet so I'm
excited to introduce something to like
the food in the water and so fun I like
love this
hello my chicken are you all denied res
been checking out the new chicks i Pam
how's it going how are you doing alright
I don't want to mess with it too much
but there is definitely a crack now and
there wasn't before so maybe we will
actually have another baby chick yeah I
hear the silky oh my gosh is Pete
everywhere that is so gross here's the
silky she's so pretty she's white with
the black speckle she does have a naked
neck which I believe she's an awful
silky she's called silky showgirl I
didn't know what that was until I looked
it up after she was born and apparently
she's gonna have a very bald neck so
that's kind of funny
all right I just checked on all of them
and they're all doing good they're
coming out move their food and water a
little closer see if they'll maybe
center over to it a little bit more but
they doing good there's a little blood
when he was just eating how cool all
right we just got out of church hey dude
what I did an airplane towards a little
dove did you make that claw that's so
cool
it's a little arts and crafts in the
little clock that you would say come on
kiddos it's so bright he's like I want
to walk in the shade it is so bright you
guys I can barely even see in fact I get
my sunglasses too Missy because just a
good husband yeah we had a great morning
at church the boys bolted really really
well and now where do we go check out
our chicks and see how they're doing
this is the new smoking I think she
might be white or gray what do you think
she's definitely I think a silky without
the bold neck yeah maybe not a shows
over or yeah this is just a pure Sookie
I would I had my doubts that she'd be
born but his she is and that's another
word in her for you I know Ramsey I was
really like I was watching her at church
and Pam was like I'm done nothing on it
without Panthers and she said oh cool
but that means all six of the eggs yet
we're alive hatched
yep okay we thought maybe one or two
would make it yeah we have six more
chicken
now now look at Pamela's doing such a
good job and I'll bottle babies I just
know she did yes cool yes here in drink
sir waters we have their own little
separate way that fresh setting to them
girls what do you think your new
roommates huh yeah a little more noisier
not as noisy is that rooster we used to
have though glad to get rid of ham huh
this is probably the weirdest one yeah
Weatherly has a bald neck that's crazy
yeah she's trying to wear it pretty but
pretty good weird I mean I can see your
skin this one's definitely a little
weird like that
hey hey pare down what I made it yeah
that's interesting things they're all
going to make it we'll see how many
roosters oh I can't keep any roosters
yeah we were just saying that if we went
with disney princess names this one
could definitely be either Snow White or
Elsa I like the idea so we just got to
figure out who's feeling I really like
for the Gulf River red ones
Ariel Merida and Anna he was picked -
yeah well we could have an elephant and
honor
she's pretty though I know it's a little
different yeah I think a really sweet
like bird - I've looked at the Showgirl
like the full bra then you got to be
nice to the baby kick this is the new
one Ollie we named this one it looks
like a duck duck you man you're being so
nice and gentle with them Ollie I'm so
proud of you but it gave me chicks
clothes yeah I don't kind of look like
that oh this one is empty doesn't have
any and yeah better yeah but he's okay
he's not broken
seems like this one's broken you want to
get that any kids over but they need
some Ollie love
if you guys want to see lots more baby
chicken action be sure you watch
yesterday o'clock by clicking that I
card in the corner of the screen lots of
little babies born yesterday but today a
little bit fun and take advantage of
this heat all right you guys it's rocket
science
time Gemini has a great idea to turn the
TV their bottles into rockets using
science all you want to see them fly
super high in the air yeah so what
colors are they walking through what
colors they're orange yet those will be
red but it turned out orange what color
is this blue and what color is this
green so we have our ammo three big
rocket we got the school system under
this guy gonna head outside and I'm
gonna see them fly super high now
they're going to be super fast
they're filled with rocket fuel see the
green the green blue and red is rocket
fuel so they go super fast they're going
to be rockets yep we're going to turn
them into rockets using science okay
we're going to be selecting our own
little experiment that sounds fun yeah
all right we have this awesome flat
piece where we're going to be launching
our model rocket and of course no
science experiment is complete without
some good old GoPro action so got my
GoPro we're going to put it right next
to the bottle see what kind of footage
we can get so this is called the Aqua
pod launch area and this is where we're
going to have our bottle situated this
is our pull cord that one it's done
getting pressurized we pull it in a
flies in the air that's come pretty cool
yeah yeah heck yeah dude why are you so
cool
right there and then that locks adhara
oh I see that's cool now we got to flip
it over there we go
now what we are doing is hooking up a
bicycle pump just a standard bicycle
pump to the end of it and we're going to
pressurize this baby
Wow no wait did I hurt you that was so
cool all you see it fly up super high
yeah yeah you gotta be careful it might
fly to you huh yeah yeah I mean Green
will go higher yeah we're going to see
if green can go a little bit higher
Ollie come over here and pull the string
buddy Wow
then you did it that's so cool there all
right oli we have one more rocket left
what color is this blue hey do you want
to pull the string this time bending it
last time no it's going to hold it won't
hurt you I promise
okay then you did such a good job dude
all right let's put the blue on you
would happen
ready Ollie three two
like said that one blue look at we got
rocket fuel everywhere now it looks like
the GoPro survived the launch so that's
good alright we are all out of rocket
fuel but we found a fuel pump so where
this will do we're going to do this kind
of steps in is going to pull this string
that's going to launch this out three
two one pull oh it didn't do it Jim oh
this might be an experiment gone wrong
what happened
no oh what happened Jim thanks get that
bottle retrieve it you got it sends a
good little scientist all right then
it's pumping filling that thing with
pressure
you ready Olie three two one Oh what's
going on we had three successful
launches and two failed launches so far
our odds are not very good first round
of launching was very successful we have
one more bottle and then I think we're
out of rocket fuel this is it
all right we got the cord spin you're on
pump duty okay all right he's pumping it
all are you ready are you Katie we've
got to make this one a success okay
three two one pull Oh Oh No Oh
three four three
we broke it not working anymore alright
well we had three successful launches I
was pretty fun hon dude yeah if you guys
want to watch us do another fun
experiment with dry ice I will have that
video linked in the iCard it from the
corner so you can go check that out that
was super cool though huh yeah we're
like little rocket scientists today
all right we're running some tests
because you know we're really really
good scientists obviously we have some
Pam olive oil we just sprayed the nozzle
hoping it's going to be a little
slippery we're thinking you can't reuse
the bottles
the pressure warps the inside but we'll
see alright
pumping pumping pumping pull it it work
just need it a little bit a little
grease
all right we had to break out the safety
goggles it was getting too close spin
you got your safety guard move on - yeah
you're not wearing those right but
that's okay all right
pumping it up again then gonna pull the
street
you
whoa we just got home we had a fun day
with the fam and is running around he's
actually getting ready said
vignette it's past your bedtime I had
such a fun day I'm soaked I'm a chick
still in fact at dinner tonight we all
sat down and they are officially named
I'm pretty sure it's official it's only
been official for like a few hours so I
guess anything to change a lot of
suggestions we did get from you guys in
the comments because so many left so
many people left like comments and
suggestions on names and there was some
really really good ones
I'm really really excited to announce it
I think I'm thinking about making like a
separate video on my channel to do it
just because I feel like it's sort of my
thing and I feel like it means like a
dedicated video so I can explain like
all their names and why their names that
I'm very excited about so let me know if
you guys want something like that to
kind of get details on their names that
I'm excited about it anytime's is
something about I don't know what he's
doing but I better stop him before it's
time for cyborg for a good sir he isn't
Thanks so many words you guys is crazy
he's learning so many words now laughs
you want to hate bye Boop
I was just going to just alright give
the video a big thumbs up I will see you
guys tomorrow bye
okay say bye Oh
you
