love you come on Saturday this is Pam
she has gone for Rudy I got eight turtle
chicken eggs all right now I'm going to
laying down yeah I'm a dancer oh my gosh
moving Oh
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
that big up inside
just one
I don't know like just again
hello everybody and welcome to today's
vlog so missing I have a little bit of a
confession last night we went to go
check on the chickens and we got a
little surprise and I'm going to put the
footage here now that we caught on the
camera in the chicken coop and on my
phone because it was so crazy we were
not expecting to find a nice thanks so
if you guys don't know Missy has eight
fertilized eggs sitting under a broody
hen right now she's been laying on them
for 21 days 21 days 21 days which means
that they should be hatching or are
hatched at 6:00 that are actually alive
yes after can later so hopefully there's
six little chicks out there but I'm
going to show you what we found last
night
Oh
Oh
we just give our chicken coop super
super late we heard from Nora market
baby said the blue Cochin oh we could
not even help ourselves
she's lucky dry and this little Irish I
seen her Hajj know I've been watching
her I've been watching the cam and like
I'm nothing she's totally cute hmm
given I should put her back I did not
expect to find this I don't want to get
an egg that was a little bit more like
cat oh my gosh okay now can all wait to
check node let's crew can let's check
them tomorrow because there might be
even more incredible
my damn we might wake up some more from
the morning look at that cool it got out
of the eggs and that's funny yeah yeah
see all right all you saw how many
chicks do you think are out there
fine before you think for cool move to
left and a hatch on me guys
let's go
you see any so this is the cover we put
on top keep them safe check that out
Ollie it was very very gentle okay can't
let her fall you better make a cake how
cute is that ollie new without that baby
stay calm oh then come see the babies he
didn't scared sick it's a little baby
chick oh he's like a la boca every
gentle huh
so that's the one we found last night
didn't get any more babies under her
clothes that's so cool you know what we
should name that chick what were you
watching this morning Rapunzel would
that be a cute name for the baby chick
oh look at them being so cute there you
have it guys that we have a baby chick
and it's so cool the other ones don't
look like they're too far off so we'll
just have to keep checking on them I
think a lot more today for sure yes
the
you
Oh
yes oh cool today's an exciting day
right it's an exit are we literally are
just glued to this cam that has Pam and
her new baby and their digs ooh cute
together all she was like nuzzling her
yes we have cameras all in the chicken
coop we're watching everything today
hoping more eggs hatched you want there
to be lots of chickens yeah we love our
chickens don't I have something for you
oh yeah I got back from the grocery
store and I had to get you something
everyday miracles that are the most
wonderful of all wishing you and your
baby girls as a weapons are elevated and
possibly boys because we'll probably end
up with a couple raising that baby yeah
all right miss you've been watching this
bead and we see now two chicks so all
the kids are here
we're going to go see if as you see the
new baby you think there's more than
just that one - there might be but I
won't get them out unless I'm dry and
fluffy
yeah no not one came out and drive
walking oh damn you heard such a good
hand taking care of your babies so
that's the first one we got last night
this is the new one oh it's beautiful
it's cool one of the Rhode Island Oh
kiss all of them all right put a black
anymore babe yeah a couple of how little
cracks are still alive in there
americana that I can see how the little
peeps over another red has one and then
the two were so waiting on the crystal
there's just a little crack in the silky
one and I can feel it moving around so
Oh turn it around
we'll just hold it so it's so hot yes
they're really hot like of it you can
feel it moving around in there yeah he's
like a real animal sis wait I feel
nothing it's a little boy oh I just felt
it I was reared and
so I found a recipe online this morning
for homemade so I whipped up some dough
it was rather cold in the house though
so I was going to have it rise out here
and now it's all windy and everything
doesn't seem to be as windy on this side
of the house so I have my dough in this
bowl this arise for two hours I'm hoping
this turns out we're gonna let it rise
for 2 hours and then hopefully we have
big soft yummy petals for tonight the
whole family is just making their rounds
here because we got baby chicks how many
we got so far
got two I know one had little hasn't
emerged at our budget so cute over oh my
god is great this is so cute
oh it's beautiful I think this is the
lavender Americana cos huge that's our
third one look it matches your nails
fairly famous under another red what
before
wait we missed that one oh my gosh yeah
four four chicks okay we're waiting on
the so cute - so cute
silkies left these are our last two eggs
and they're both so key that one's being
pecked at why would all that one don't
see any oh my I didn't even - I can so
so they're both alive that's good I'll
move in they're both trying oh my gosh
Sarah and we could actually have six new
chickens right now this one is really
cute what do you do it then you want to
see what's even pair to the chicks that
watch now she give kisses oh and Mike
should go uh-huh oh my gosh it was got
to silkies under her left and one
completely unzipped it so she basically
completely cracked around it and now
she's trying to push it the egg off of
hers just a few more pushes and this
baby will be out with your foot it's
breech hopeful you know there she comes
oh my gosh
Babli that is is no hard to like not
help it like just pull it off of it
oh my gosh look at him is helping right
now oh there she is oh look at that that
is a baby
soaking everybody they're so cute I'm
gonna keep her under her keep her nice
and warm this is the fresh egg that
Sookie just came out of I'm so good
little girls that was insane
we just saw that chicken Peck it's way
out of the shell he wants to hold the
chick so bad they're cool hmm he likes
this one is this one Rapunzel but
tonight if she jumps and we don't want
to do a fall all right before we go
check out the chicks one last time I
wanted to show you my pretzel ollie what
do you think no I didn't put any salt
look it mine has salt see I like salt so
I put salt on mine but there's no salt
on yours I made it just for you how's
that look good no it's not hot anymore
try it and Finn is like heck yeah dude
that one was for me that's okay though
you can have it I made it pretzels from
scratch you guys and they look so good
how's it taste good I'm gonna take a big
bite of this one
Wow oh my goodness it literally feels
like the ones we get at the mall Google
bike you like it then take right yes I
know
all right I wanna go check out the
chickens all right you guys one last
check for today's vlog we know we have
five little chicks we're gonna see if
there's another one not quite sure yet
but we're going to take them all out see
if we can show them on camera really
nicely get some cool pictures of them oh
yeah we didn't get to see the silky
white oh my gosh look at that all right
not white silky that we just showed you
is a little too fragile
so we are going to keep her with Mama
because she was just hatched like an
hour ago maybe not even an hour ago so
we're gonna grab the for healthy chicks
that we have in shoma oh my gosh look at
these babies all right let's go show
them the outside world be very wary of
hawk you remember the first time we got
chicks by the way if you guys never saw
that I'll put it in the iCard in the
corner you can watch the video where we
picked up our baby chicks the ones most
of them and group and you can see a more
respond for the percent but there was
Hawks coming down like crazy so we
really had to be careful if they were
searching and there are something like
search everywhere maybe you already hold
them look at ever so cute
they are cute huh all right let's show
off each one to you guys so this is a
Rhode Island Red so cute here's another
one look at these two already planned
and there's another one and here's this
one they're so cute named Polly yes we
definitely need name suggestions so let
us know in the comments below what you
think we should name these chicks
this has just been such a cool
experience to be able to do something
like this I think even it's so different
than just like buying eggs and putting
them in an incubator like having Pam be
their mommy and my care for them and
love them is just so cool thanks babe
for forcing me to do this we got some
super cute chick maybe in tomorrow's
vlog we'll get to show you a little bit
more of that super white silkie because
we had no idea what that one was gonna
look like oh my gosh look at they're all
are you be really careful kay she's me
so good with them and yes be sure to go
check out our playlist of the whole
hatching experience I'll have it linked
in the iCard as well so you can watch
every single video leading up to this
one we had such a blast watching these
babies get four and today but I'm gonna
go ahead and today's vlog be sure that
you do not miss tomorrow's you may see
two other chicks and we'll see you guys
tomorrow thanks for watching be sure to
give this video a thumbs up right Ally
ah
all right Ollie can you do the bye Boop
hey kids taking Oh to the chicken okay
you
