hey thin what you find in the couch all
he always finds like all candy don't
oh it's a popcorn kernel no Ben hold on
a second I have to wrestle that have an
optical ah get there yet
give me the bunker girl wherever you are
that's where I wanna be
Oh big blue eyes look up inside
Wow
just never stole yeah
I gotta know I gotta give
come to every
good morning since a good morning the
boys are back in town
look at our boys are back together
oh yes I'm going to tell you what is
magic you guys Holly did not go fishing
this morning you're all done camping now
huh
and you're back home because you're so
rad yeah who came home kind of go on
beat you guys hey Finn can you chew your
brother up and give him a hug hug hug
oh okay Ally let's be good even a kiss
I'm so happy our boys are back I've
missed this one so much but you had fun
camping right yeah what's your favorite
part about camping is it swimming in the
lake or fishing swimming swimming that's
right yet so much fun swimming and to
make and now you can swim at home in our
pool right yeah I can do lots of that
today
yeah okay hey Finn what you find in the
couch all he always finds like all candy
don't oh it's a popcorn kernel here
I'll throw it away no Ben hold on a
second I have to wrestle that I have
enough do it do it
damn it about got off Josh all right all
right got it
missy is working hard in the kitchen
cooking up a new video for her channel
yeah
but lots of juice I'm not the method
next week so her and Tao are working
hard
I got Finn to bed taking I'm very good
nap and now ollie
it's time to go swimmin the pool looks
so beautiful jump in what are you doing
pick my biscuits oh so funny all right
all you put the car up there and I'll
aim it to the pool okay wait for it wait
for it all you need goggles oh I think I
found them inside let me go get them k
much better how's that good alright go
you're gonna go straight into the water
whew oh no your car flipped over does
this water not look amazing you guys I
actually got my headphones smells like
I'll just chill on the chair by the pool
but not again I might actually get in
hey how's it feel is it warm yeah we
feel all that nice dude you forgot your
car oh you're gonna do invisible card
invisible rollercoaster car Holly jump
in and go get it
you got a rescue okay top secret mission
go rescue the car
there you go now hold on to it and kick
back good job
ready we always have so much fun with
this little roller coaster you guys
haven't seen the video of Ollie and fin
bolts going into the pool with it check
out the video in the iCard because it is
so simple you jump from there you've
never done that before be careful jump
dig whoa
stop what's the depressed yeah good job
bro you missed the pool yeah
all right oh you think you're such a
good jumper well I'm gonna jump with you
okay ready hey you hold my hand all
right
three two one
that was really good Olli haha you gonna
do it again yeah
let's see some really crazy for jumper
hi
you
oh my gosh I've been filming all morning
finally done with my video and doing a
bunch of other work and I'm finally
feeling like hah I can eat I actually
have an ETA I ate like a small breakfast
but now I think me and tell are going to
take the kids besides always go get some
food because we are starving to death I
have to deal with my chickens today I
feel like Pam doesn't really want to be
a mommy anymore I don't know I'm gonna
have to go keep an eye on them she's
kind of just always sitting in her cage
like pacing she just wants out of the
cage so I think I'm going to try and let
her out for a little bit and see what I
can do with the chick she's just kind of
like over being in the smaller
environment for now go get some food
look at him running
look at him coming come on come on come
here come here come here hey welcome
back
oh you must I wanted a hug Ollie and I
just got back from our haircut and I
just want to say if you guys are not
following miss Eri on Instagram you
should definitely go check us out at
Bryan Lanning misty landing on instagram
because we Instagram story a lot of
stuff that vlog so you kind of get like
another interesting take so go check us
out on Instagram Polly and I had quite a
fun day get our haircuts and he was so
cute and I'm not gonna tell you what
happened but if you can go watch my
story right now you may be able to catch
it before it expects whoa pain that was
like some super speed kind of bring
distress hey Olli can show everyone your
haircut Oh what happened when you were
getting your hair cut today oh you fell
asleep a little bit yeah you did alright
you gonna play a little bit okay go play
where is Ollie and paint in live we lost
them
oh I wonder where they could be oh no
it's them Oh No
Ollie Oliver that was hard you can't hit
so hard buddy you're strong oh there is
no I have Ollie go get him hurry he ran
oh I missed you so much linking and you
have fun with me and Papa he told me
today's like I had so much fun with Mimi
and Papa he was kind of like crying and
I was like well why are you crying
he's like cuz he left and I miss them
huh huh you had so much fun huh
and we had a really fun day as well and
the kids made this room a disaster and
he cleaned it all up quick Dada Dada
yeah does it did help a little bit huh
but you did a really good job he did
like a lot of it all by himself and he
never stopped he just kept going till it
was done crews so he gets two conditions
movie and he it's a little popcorn cuz
it's Friday night and then it's bedtime
okay okay but yeah I'm gonna go ahead
and end the vlog group fun day so I can
hang out with some family I got this
little boy back ah and Ollie did you
know that you helping sit out of the
crib has gone all over the world
everyone has seen it it has been crazy
today we've been watching a lot of the
media and it's just been like everywhere
if you guys didn't see that video you
have to watch it because it is so cute
and you boys are so cute I love you so
much make sure you give this video a big
thumbs up
goodbye a peace sign and just sums up
mmm there you go all right
it will see you guys tomorrow what do
you say Lee ah
