our house is overtaken by pirates you're
a cute little pirate dude wherever you
are that's where I wanna be big time
are you God
try to give
good morning boys how are you this
morning
where you going tom um okay please
listen miss me man papa
you go and visit with Mimi and Papa good
morning guys I had to get up this
morning and get ready
I just as I'm cleaning the kitchen I'm
making myself some eggs
I love egg I pretty much have eggs every
single morning and 3/8 to be exact
because I just love them boys are eating
their oatmeal can I clean the kitchen
and we're watching frozen but yeah we
have a fun day planned today and say no
i overcook them I like right over easy
and I definitely overcook these I would
say those are like over medium it's not
like put it up don't turn hard but I
like my eggs runny and I've got my
english muffin cookin and yours will be
in your breakfast so eager boys right
now mister go to your breakfast oh yeah
it's been a really fun morning a nice
relaxing morning I'm already ready for
the day and these boys look I get ready
all right go to Johnny whoa what is
happening yeah sit down on your bottom
right now and eat your food all right
Finn still has a lot of breakfast left
for him and here's my breakfast I
definitely overheard my eggs but they're
still delicious because they're my
chickens always over here and he ate all
his oatmeal and he has to finish his
bananas and these are chocolate orange
beets cookies so I just kind of like a
me snack then ate all his little cookies
first small they make you smart
there you go they make you some rice you
gotta eat your cookies huh hey guys look
at this guy he's got a beat already i
dancing dancing he's also got a
flashlight which he loves hey ollie
today I have something really cool for
you you want to you want to do something
really cool what do you want to do I
pretty bad games and twigs look so it is
a super sunny day out right you know
what these are called you know they're
called they are normally called
sunglasses but today they are going to
be safety goggles
look right there and you can see your
safety goggles so you safety goggles
there so you don't get things in your
eyes okay because it's super sunny out
and we're going to be playing with some
Orbeez blasters did you know that yes so
I found something amazing that blends
two of Ali's favorite things
blasters like the ones that buzz
lightyear uses in Toy Story and Orbeez
did you know that there's a blaster that
actually shoots real Orbeez it exists
what do you need to get oh yeah you
definitely need a cowboy hat
grab that awesome okay put your cowboy
hat on that'll get you all ready for the
Orbeez glasses yeah dude let's do this
in any pictures baby just grab that
voluntarily he wanted to play with it
howdy cowboy we set up a little shooting
gallery out here by the fountain yeah
do you think that's enough target for
you to shoot at hey captain Jake
well I think you're in for a surprise
Ollie because we had to go get our ammo
let's go get our ammo you too Finn come
look what's in the bowl here ollie
Oh or bees and dig in yeah that's so
weird there anyone else
me cutie knows an awful lot to die of
spin up you crap
Scully that's so nice well doesn't that
go up in gee captain Jake anyone else oh
you can play with crocodile fin since
you are crocodile Izzy Oh anything else
I think you found them all Ollie and
that cool that's so funny that he was
asking for captain Jake because I didn't
even yeah we didn't plan on that that's
so funny but yeah if you guys haven't
seen the captain Jake video we did for
Halloween last year be sure to check the
iCard in the top corner of the screen
click it and watch that video because it
was hilarious we had so much fun
dressing up as Captain Jake look at all
these Orbeez ollie
should we see if we can put them in the
Gloucester and shoot them yeah I
seriously had no idea that these things
even existed so cool the best of both
worlds right now yeah so this is like a
little ammo cartridge and it comes with
a loader to put Orbeez in so you load it
up and attach it to the gun and we'll
see if it works
look at sins like low just one up for me
Ali can you load that one up for Finn
all right so then we take the orange
loader off very carefully okay then you
take that you touch it there and then to
shoot the or B blaster you have to
it like that and then not me
no hey Joe oh that was a guy who doesn't
hurt at all whoa sometimes it will car
hello everyone
I'll see that one good really good
though very good yes I thought I was
expecting it's like her but it doesn't
hurt at all
okay so it's actually really cool it's
like when you shoot it the Orbeez almost
always break on the concrete and then
the Sun works like such a hot day out
yeah I couldn't try them up to like dust
yeah this is so pretty / fine
you
Obito sighs that's right go ahead fire
at the toys wait do you know how to fire
it
you got to this back can you do it
homos
Mama's gonna show you okay okay ready Oh
India already it oh there you go
all right fire it's a jogging Wow can
you shoot Mickey off oli whoa there's a
mean-looking dinosaur ollie over here
can you shoot him get him get him
hey that's one way to do it when the or
B gun doesn't work oh my god woody all
right Allie you want to have a little
blaster off and shoot each other yeah oh
yeah oh we're all I can't I don't want
to suck in like water second guy oh he's
coming for me you'll never get me cowboy
ollie
I'm coming
yeah Oh
all right
Carmody refires you can get this thing
going really Sasha you gotta pretend
shield Oh No
oh now mommy has the orbit blaster
you're going down you actually look like
he's just chillin like a villain
I know these are so cool though so like
the orbit goes into that little hole and
you just it back and shoot it and
it has a cool little laser light right
here and like honestly it does not hurt
no I like really hated dart like nerf
guns
yeah they hurt right that was fun huh
yeah you guys want to check out more
Orbeez videos that we've done be sure to
check that I card but yeah we had so
much fun playing out here in the Sun
with the toys it is like really hot babe
this is such a hot day playing in the
courtyard
what happened oh I had the temperature
warning it's very hot oh wow yeah well
the Sun is like beaten down so yeah we
kind of made a mess that's okay though
right
sometimes when you have the most fun you
make the biggest messes just what
happens alright boys mommy and daddy
used to go out of town you're a meanie
Papa J hey are you going to miss mama
I'm gonna make you but you're gonna have
to assign you or me all your hair okay
are they all gonna have fun but I think
aunt Leigh's coming over you do some fun
things with auntie no he said I know oh
I know
obviously we edge comes over is what
happens whoa you built that yeah that's
so cool yeah it has a laser light yeah
all right give me a hug you good for me
me and pop okay I love you okay show me
something real quick I find a Buckeye in
have so and it also has a bed yeah
that's cool so this is la for you we are
stopping to get Starbucks permits these
requests I don't know what's a parking
spot and what's not so I parked the
truck in this whole square thing and
other people are doing it too so I'm
like hoping that I don't get booted but
I'm sure even if we did its Starbucks so
it's worth it to Missy right
give it to me I'm worth then these cells
our names right
what is that ever since never they spell
my name of the why normally they do live
and then yeah Missy Phoebe yes no number
when they didn't miss see we just grab
some snacks before we head back to the
house we are home and our husbands
overtaken by pirates you're a cute
little pirate dude superior apparently
he's been shooting some pirate themed
videos with auntie and he's now dressed
the path of the top
it is so awesome that we went always LA
today came all the way back and now you
could enjoy the pool with the fam
everyone swimming having a good time mr.
Menton karma as usual I think Ben's
gonna be in bed soon and I didn't take a
nap today he'll sink or bottom okay
stinker are you enjoying that noodle
don't bite it kind of fun to be able to
sit in the water and flown off to swim
huh and you can just do your kickers
practice kicking in the water those are
very good kicks but if you did those
kicks and big arms together you would
swim all the way across this pool I just
brushed my teeth
can you tell literally like a kid you
wanna go bad there's a fitness center in
here there is you want to take it to bed
that one's really heavy though let me
see that one
here that one's little you can do that
you'll fit your hand now Oh where's your
other one the one we got you yesterday
where is it just drop that make you so
sick what's your foot smell like okay I
like our way yeah it smells like flowers
huh
smell it again we put a little bit of
lavender essential oil on the bottom of
Ali's feets tonight because yes last
night you have trouble sleeping huh what
happened you couldn't sleep
yeah so he woke up in the middle of the
night and went into our room which is
weird cuz he's been really good about
sleeping in his bed all night so we
checked the cameras I guess last night
he like woke up and was just rolling
around for quite a while laying in his
bed like he couldn't sleep
so we put some lavender oil on your feet
tonight me smell good and it's gonna
help you sleep okay he was a little sad
about it but it's pretty cool huh
you ready to go to bed buddy yeah anyway
that's all for 60 oh I hope you guys
enjoyed it if you did be sure to give it
a big thumbs up thumbs up or toe up
thanks for watching seaman Yama Ali
you
