thanks wife oh oh look at that we have
been starting to do it now look I can
you fidget finish tricks
Daniel happy tale wherever you are that
forever wanna be that big
Oh
just fine
coming all just again
I am Wow
good morning guys do you guys want to
see something really sad really really
sad tragedy has struck of course you
want to see it
so the internet for people like watching
that kind of stuff it's might be a
little bit difficult check well what
happened last night oh yeah that is my
iPhone yeah so I dropped my phone last
night you guys know it's like really
cracked and it's so sad yeah it
definitely hurts to even run run my
finger across it so I have to take this
to the Apple store today luckily I got a
Genius Bar appointment and they're going
to fix it today so sad though but silver
lining look what I found my sunglasses
we bought these and Florida I believe
wore them once and then lost them turns
out they were in a jacket that I wore
last night and yes that is a Snickers
bar it's been in my closet for awhile
I'm saving it for a good occasion you
know I don't know you know I people save
like cigars for like good occasions I'm
gonna save the Snickers bar right here
or when something really cool happened
good morning thing what's wrong you
really want to read this book to the
fair he always grabs this book wherever
you are he loves this book you guys so
cute got them all ready for the day hair
just need Russian by the way people have
asked did we cut his hair no we did not
it has started to come in a lot
straighter and it's getting longer so I
feel like his first haircuts coming up
she's like it's crazy that Finn has not
had his first haircut yet because he is
one-and-a-half all he had his like I
feel like after his rise after his first
birthday so he still is that guy his
first haircut which is gonna be adorable
where's your brother
he brought his wherever you are buck
he's so obsessed with this book because
he actually calls them but I thought
yeah the bar like book yeah you are me a
buck yeah good morning good morning
how's it going buddy good I like your
outfit
you're matching your baby brother in
that cool yes and they each had to play
with these little hair clippings can I
call it a dinosaur dinosaur or like a
grabber he's been going at what are
these grabbers grab my hair grabbers you
boys look cute we are headed out of the
house we got to go to the mall I figure
we could probably get some lunch and
then get my phone fixed so it's like the
saddest thing in the world all right
guys we are now at the mall we got a
baby on the back and a toddler in a
stroller sleeping I just dropped off my
phone he said he could fix in like 30
minutes I was like sweet so now we are
headed to grab some lunch while they fix
it also not having your phone during
lunch would normally be really annoying
but we're going to a restaurant that
hardly has any service anyway never
works the kind of win-win
what do you got that Raleigh that is so
cool isn't it
we're hanging out at these kiosks at the
mall and they sell fitted spinners and I
was going to get ollie a Batman one but
I still would not fit him like it wasn't
his side and then we saw these ones and
look how little they are isn't that cool
yeah and then I had to get this one
because it has pennies on it on each of
the head yeah Bennett again wow he's
like so happy he has one that's his size
because he gets the normal and then he
gets frustrated has it like hits his
finger cool fidget spinner bro can you
show me a trick oh look at that we've
been starting to do it now look I can do
frigid spin a trickster you're happy
till then is a baby pigeon spinner
professional you guys seriously look at
this credit Center says one cent on the
side and then it has Lincoln on this
side it's literally made out of money
found another cute little kiosk to get
some sunglasses for the kids and look at
thin the top status he is he's got
sunglasses on and a fitted spinner like
this cool he is so cool
both my keys are so cool when they give
him this cute little bag so the bag
Ollie see he got this cool little bag
and he's got his sunglasses and fidgets
Internet huh
cool
you can switch our UART block now okay I
mean I guess that was a switch hey dude
you want to go swimming
yeah we got to put your swimsuit on hot
yeah you so excited
whoa check out these cool new swim
trunks bro
you ready to go swimmin yeah ah ice ball
all right we're going to swim in and we
have a couple of really cool dive toys
you want to show them oh wow okay dance
time
who's this right and who's this
what who's this who's this no who's this
and who's this um huggsy remember him oh
yeah yeah all right so I think these
will actually go in the water super well
and we can dive with them kay okay bye
he is so excited to get in the pool and
honestly I cannot blame him because it's
like 90 degrees out and the pool feels
amazing I've been heating it all day so
it's like 85 so refreshing and nice
Ollie you gotta say fuzzy woody
all right we got to get woody now okay
Eric go
yeah you saved them didn't you
let's swim of them now jump in
it's all you say pies Oh get the my eyes
I think you saves the whole Toy Story
crew good job
dear you've been doing so good with his
diving diving all the way to the bottom
on his own huh you want to throw Oh what
if we come down the slide Ollie and then
daddy will die for him yeah let's get
together okay okay okay go get Bryce
oh yeah we're number five
Oh
you
what the Showbox yay okay hold on oh if
there's we having so much fun filming
all the Toy Story characters be fake bud
and woody and bullseye who's your
favorite Olly
lie down the slide I got to go and die
inside this accorded me brings fun Bob
all you young fun
a lot of love
you
you guys want to see another fun toy
story video we did be sure to check the
I card in one of those corners click it
and you can go watch a fun toy store
video we did a couple years ago for
Halloween which turned out really good
now check it out you guys I am drilling
for the first time on my new grill the
power wasn't working so still trying to
figure that out so it's hooked up to a
extension cord look at Luna Edition
chilling being a gut-busting doggie she
had so much fun swimmin today I'm doing
hot dogs
these big old quarter pound of hot dogs
and I've got cheeseburgers and we're not
quite sure how to do a new grill so
grill protocol now what's the protocol
so this is cool so these two control the
whole burner this one controls the
rotisserie back there and then this
one's like a charring station like when
you're doing steaks going to be out
working out lots of fun with us check it
out we got the fire going - oh looks and
feels so nice
you
