and make a big I school yes you did mmm
wherever you are that whatever wanna be
that big
just one never knows
coming all just again
good morning boys look at you guys look
so cute here matching rompers good
morning guys so we were trying to get a
picture of them laying together and they
just kept doing this are you guys
wrestling yeah you gotta get up Ollie
got you we got you these boys look so
cute in these matching onesie wrappers I
wish they may be for adults today Hey
look this shirt has never been more true
right now so what are these from rags to
ratchet rag - wretches we ordered the
boys a bunch of these because they're
easy to slip on so they're good for
summer they're easy to take off I'm a
bazillion and they just like stretch and
pull down and I've heard those like it's
not really the work but all we can do it
and go be yeah so there's like no button
business or anything so when my boys
match like yeah I think they're so cute
this like so the boys are dressing ready
for the day I have had a very busy
morning we have people installing
propane tanks we had text here working
on the shades so I really wasn't able to
get ready today so that's why I'm
working my dad hat your boys ready for a
fun day I just let the chickens out and
I'm going to go clean up so chicken coop
the regular coop is fine but the chick
chick area which pans like us you guys
lay down again now it is a kind of a
mess what side says that all the
chickens like to sit on top of that
thing and it should cover the group and
then when I open it the coop just falls
into it so it's pretty gross big bird
poop fiction impossible paper to just
kinda gross so I think I'm going to let
them out heat it all up and then have
some fresh bedding down for these little
baby chicks and clean up their water and
food
hang on Pam I'll get them for you and
there we have it clean fresh water clean
food clean bedding clean pop rack
hopefully you all don't make
thirty again and Pam actually took all
her chicks and brought them out here to
go sit in the dirt she's actually been
doing little dust baths and the chicks
have been kind of copying her and doing
- I do have a chicken her name is
Meredith she's like kind of a scraggly
one and she is just she's always been
kind of a mean ticket obviously she
wasn't around a lot of people so she
didn't let you like hold her or touch
her she's just mean she's not
necessarily a Takas but she doesn't care
for us she's the only one that just will
not leave Pam or the chicks alone
Meredith will just go over to her and
like pecker and I know there's like this
pecking order thing and that she wants
to be in charge or whatever but it's
just so sad and I hate watching it I'm
not sure how long I can put up with it
if it becomes a problem Meredith will
end up going before anyone else I hope
that is the case but I'm not I'm not
loving the fact that you miss scraggly
pants not leave them alone
yes we still have these bubble ball pits
laying around we actually left them
outside so it's a little too hot to get
into but if you guys did not see
yesterday's video be sure to click that
I card and check it out because a it was
hilarious we had so much fun with these
things and might bring it inside where
the air conditioning so cool because the
boys want to play in it so badly but
also today I've laid on this thing for
the first time and it is so stinking
comfortable I love the little swing it's
not like a huge swing but you can kind
of manipulate it oh there it goes so
comfy I love this porch thing
I actually was tweeting this morning
about the June gloom because last night
we literally saw fog roll into these
hills it was insane and then stuck
around for quite a while this morning
but it's finding all out now and it is a
beautiful deck bright blue sky green
grass not a cloud in the sky it's just
so nice Missy's pulling away the
chickens right now so that we can play
with the puppy dogs because Luna and
chickens don't really mix yet the
chicken is clean I put all the chickens
back so the dogs come out and play and
they're just running around now and it
actually lets a left the chicks out
which I'm a little nervous about no one
was fighting with anyone so I left the
chick and that's all the chickens in the
same place let's be honest and
everyone's getting along well the chicks
are happy the most part look bad you're
so cute you're good you guys really see
I don't like that she's trying to go in
but the chickens are not being very nice
so oh so frustrating I really want the
chickens are to the chicks to be able to
at least roam around in there
but the dude I have to kick the tickets
out but the chickens are out the dogs
can't be out well karma can but Luna
can't and then I feel bad always just
something
they have been such a fun chill day I
feel like we've been having so much fun
lately playing the pool and the bubble
ball and the ball pits and stuff so
we've kind of has been taking it easy
and playing with the boys a lot okay we
are practicing our colors with play-doh
that's so cool Ollie so like all he
never really plays with play-doh I know
I'm trying to loosen up a little I feel
like my eyes like you'll get it in the
carpet don't make it up but now I'm like
no it's fine let's just play with it
yeah that it's so cool so you're
learning your colors Ollie yes
Owen what's this ollie as an ice cream
maker oh that's so cool so you can make
your own little ice cream yeah we're
going to make that
can you put the yellow ball on the
yellow top please no not the blue to
find a yellow ball and put it on the
yellow top where is it yay can you find
this color to me I won win make up this
one back keep it right there usually I
want it nice and code Oh yum it tastes
like strawberries
Ollie has successfully put all the
colors where they go on all the colors
our job buddy nice you want to try out
the sweet shop okay what'd you do the
plazas little plastic piece right here
alright so we gotta find two colors that
we want in here so we do color on this
side and a color on that side which one
should we do you wanna do the red time
this will do a Award okay yellow on the
other side that looks really cool you
know ominous sign smash it in there
actor red and then what what we do we're
going to close it
okay then slide it right in whoa we're
going to put ice cream in that little
call right now nice and slowly you're
going to pull it down nice and slow whoa
it even turns it for you Wow there it is
now Ollie get wrinkles on it seriously
that is so cool Play Doh has come a long
way and you just put blue sprinkles
right in here
it's like the sprinkle maker yeah that's
the pail in this one King I knew turn
that it really not makes sprinkles ah ah
hey baby we'll let them make the
sprinkles and then we'll put the single
oh I see so you can like separate them
easily good job
now those are all the sprinkles
sprinkles we can put them on top there
you good job buddy ice cream don't eat
it yeah okay go for it
what color you think that is um red and
yellow no sorry so what flavor do you
think that one is well you just maybe
like strawberry and banana flavor yeah
yeah with blueberry
oh here brings it out you can actually
eat it with this little spoon now kind
of looks like poop oh look at that
mixing of play-doh whoa you mix it all
together look at it dude you can how
is there like a little dinosaur more
than there nice see it came with cones
but it also came with little dishes like
that see take them out oops I just broke
it and then Macaulay it's like a little
cup and Vincent he needed the baby good
job dude
that's so cool better ice cream Finny
yeah you gonna eat it all you've now
kind of just mashing all the play-doh
together making a smorgasbord of flavor
huh hey Olli what would you say if we
made unicorn poop ice cream but that'd
be cool we don't eat it you just
pretending to eat it eat the heat
according to bikes cream we know what
unicorn poop tastes like huh hey guys
didn't know Ollie and I tried unicorn
poop suckers they're very interesting
check that car to watch that video I
think that we should try to make like a
beautiful unicorn poop ice cream how to
play
for back pain that silly look an
ice-cream buddy
and there you have a guy's unicorn poop
play doh ice cream machine hi like
meticulously crafted this I was fun so
I've got like blue little candies white
sprinkles and pink and yellow ice cream
so now it's yummy
you can't eat it though so cute I love
the little candles on it
hey Olli look at this unicorn poop ice
cream hello Jenny
do you want to bite don't eat that
unicorn poop ice cream you silly boy
okay let's know Ollie ollie really you
can t you can t played okay
it's not toppings but it does contain me
so it's not gluten-free
yes we're all of you out there watching
your gluten look at this table by the
way it has just turned into a nightmare
play-doh Massacre right fine it's fine
everyone to display haha this isn't a
color yeah nothing
hey Finn do you want to try the unicorn
poop ice cream does that yeah give it to
me I'm gonna run away with it because I
know you guys won't let me eat it oh
yeah ha ha ha ha ha ha just like we
doing with our play kitchen I make a
fake ice cool yes you did yeah not a
little tiny ice good job ollie it
actually seeds markedness
Ollie and fin and probably even myself
are long overdue for coming out of their
closet I did like a little one like a
month ago month or two ago I hadn't gone
shopping I just got him a bunch of new
shirt and like rompers and stuff like
that and then he still has some other
shirts I basically am donating all these
shares all it's kind of ten and donating
is YouTube here but then I'm keeping all
these ones for Finn and it's always so
confusing look at it this is this is
like old blankets and things I sell to
go through decide what I'm going to keep
them for Finn or donate them and I'm
just like oh I guess I'm new clothes
when they start growing out and I forget
to like get rid of the old ones and then
he just got clothes fit in here so don't
fit him anymore and then Brian will put
them in like pants that don't fit him
like they fit on his way to feel like
way too short and I'm like no it doesn't
fit hopefully that'll make make it a lot
easier to find clothes that actually fit
it is now dinner time
Holly is helping mama
all right boys what do you say - mama
hey guy use me as a fancy dinner heck
yeah then fried rice and PF Changs mmm
those look good
oh my god it's alright I didn't see any
video and we are pretty obsessed with
dumplings right now after you've changed
we found them at the store and so we're
going to excited to see them we like
waited till the kids were basically
asleep or at least calmed down before we
make our dinner because we're very
excited about it so thanks for making
dinner - Joe of Sunday today yeah last
night he slept in his bed all night long
huh and I was so proud of you he thinks
we've been there all night tonight - we
had a really really fun day and we're
going to go ahead and end today's video
can use this video big thumbs up oh the
fighting one again alright we'll see you
guys smarty Sally
you
