whoever you are that whatever wanna be
left off that big topic
ah
just your dog coming all
trusting you
come with me hey Jeffrey I think you
need to give this girl another baby
doesn't morning guys and good night
didn't go big enough I don't know he's
like trying to let go yeah he actually
has a smile on her face he's like you
are awesome good morning guys it's
another beautiful day here in Orlando
Natalia is so great with said I love
going places with her because he he
loves you he always just wants to be
with you yeah and may never have
Geoffrey well I thought yeah I had a
little boy I just didn't use this one I
would have look at that smile
he was like in heaven oh if I had rested
it may work morning children good
morning what you doing dude oh we got
some cool noodles do you know where
we're going today you know pay in we're
going through a water park
that's right you guys today we are going
to Blizzard Beach it's a Disney
waterpark we saw these water parks we're
in here just a couple weeks ago and we
wanted to go but we really don't have
time so we thought we could take the
whole family today we're very excited
oh hello Cassie Cassie is here all the
way from California to join the Penn
College students oh she had to go to
classes she was like oh you're staying
at this huge beautiful villa I'll be
there in a minute
I guess I'll get Thursday and Friday
wait you're ditching school I know I'm
Tamara now given Molly gym get up we are
all listening around waiting pal just
bounce to Finn to bed these are sleeve
she's like my arm is cramping we are
just kind of waiting around
had plans to go to the water park today
and we still are going and we're still
very excited but we rented a big huge
van outside that we can all drive
together dad has the keys laughing I'm
pretty sure I gave him the Mickey no no
they're not
when on the fridge check in the Oreo
cookies because I was in there yeah dad
lost the keys check all the Oreo cookies
back and I feel really bad that it's my
dad because it's always me or my dad
that loses it was just the thing and he
is way more strict about when he has a
whole something he's like I don't put it
down I don't set it down I do this he's
got like all these rules and he didn't
do any of them and they're gone they're
literally gone we have looked everywhere
for hours now and there what are we
doing that what are we waiting for would
be lost now like you know the man and
we're hoping the key is in there but we
don't think it is yeah so he's gonna
make us a key probably busted the toilet
I guess keep an accredited school yeah I
might have tried just give it around we
can't remember doing that but it is the
only thing that makes sense
at least I have everybody here with me
so it's not as bad as when you watch
your company okay no one get nothing no
one can leave if you lost the keys
though anyways we're still looking still
hoping that shows up
oh I guess one we're going to Blizzard
Beach okay that is right we have finally
released to Blizzard Beach it's been a
crazy morning trying to get into the car
but I finally work and I got to say this
is really cool so Blizzard Beach for
those of you guys don't know it's like a
winter scene and water park so a lot of
things are going to be a little
frozenness day it's going to have to
know so I'm like that I think the kids
are going to enjoy it a lot I have heard
that this one versus type in lagoon is
really good for kids so we wanted to
find somewhere where there would be lots
Ollie look at the little snow toddler
he's got Mickey Mouse ears ah
all right you boys ready yeah yeah we
never been here before have we
yeah why are you have some cake I don't
have candy no kids always try to get
something out of me we are all getting
ready to hit the slope literally
everything is called slopes because it's
all winter theme and then just drink
soda for the first time how was that
that coke all right kiddos you ready
I've got some fun look at that babe it's
like a ski resort you can take us I know
that's so cool
we've never been to anything like this
that's incredible
cool sounds cool
so this is Pikes Peak and it's a little
splash pad area for the kids we have
some slides that all of them just went
under that's so cool you got wet baby
fun and the one nice I know it's so
weird being surrounded by snow and
catching warm water and a little splash
that area over here with this prophet
Ali look over here there's a waterfall
all right we got a big old rock are you
gonna go down that middle slide yeah
he's so excited to go down the slide so
neat
all right don't give her your to Bali
there we go
right here there you go
no down there you go there you want
to hold the camera oli
all right grab it all right don't let go
are you filming it yes wow it's cool
later all we hold the camera the whole
time I don't know how that footage will
look but really on to go he growl and
you're walking up there oh that's so
cool let's check up yeah yeah yeah this
one's cool you only have to be under 48
inches and then you can go on
Oh
that was so cool Ben just did his first
waterslide look how happy he is
hey do you like that is pretty doing so
if you want amazing yeah here comes Olly
Olly love this ride so much take your
tube there you go
Ben's grabbing another tube let's so
dude you got it you got it all right
here comes Olly again hey buddy
and here comes
that was so cool you will just slide
like four times dude yeah now we're
going to go on a slide together okay
going down the slopes with my boy
remember when you went skiing Ollie this
is kind of like that except all the
smell is melted and you go on your butt
and set right all right mama and Finn
and me and all you're going then you're
getting to be such a big boy going down
worth I thought by yourself pretty cool
huh
I am five yeah go ahead yeah
yay so I have to say I think thin is an
even better vlogger than all again did
you guys eat our last clip he held it
the whole time all the way down the
slide this is so fun I love this little
kids area that they have for the kids
all right I think I'm going to go see if
I can find something a little faster or
more
and
oh that was crazy
Kashi was coming up did you get air I
definitely jumped and got air and my
underwear disappeared that was really
really bad what why did he go down that
I wish I was down the one next to it and
I swear my underwear were on wet buzz it
to me - compared to the raging waters
one it's not the same idea so scary
Geoffrey said that was the scariest
thing he's ever done
all right I guess what we're going to go
on Team boat Springs okay yes we are now
on a mountain with a ton of snow and we
are going on the family raft ride you're
gonna come - all right I like your baby
oh there is caution snowdrift ahead we
got nothing
all right what are we getting now yes we
had such an amazing ride on the family
ride and now we are going to - I see
excellent dishes and we're going to get
an ice cream sand pail what do you say
ice cream is always the best way to end
a fun day at the water park huh
oh look at that you want to share it
live yummy I know but it's covered in
chocolate yeah look at that this is a
sand pile it has chocolate vanilla
waffle pieces sprinkles cookie pieces
hot fudge caramel sauce whipped cream
and a cherry which I'm going to say
wrinkles are Mickey Mouse King yeah that
is so cool all right you guys we are
back from the waterpark and we had such
a blast and look who's here you know
that it's playlist live weekend when all
your friends start showing up we didn't
I mean there's each other in like what
like a week bleep ha ha ha now the party
is real yes so Ellie and Jared are
hanging out at our place we're going to
play some games swimming the spa have
some fun but I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video if you did be sure to give
it a thumbs up let us know in the
comments what waterpark do you think we
should go to next and we will see you
manana
you
