what are you doing Ollie what are you
doing in the pool wherever you are
that's whatever wanna be inside
it is loud
again I am
with me good morning guys and welcome to
today's vlog in case you missed it we
are now in paradise that's right we're
hanging out in Florida for the week for
playlist slide we're going to meet a
bunch of you guys this week and we're
also going to have a ton of fun with our
family so our whole family's here we're
staying at amazing Villa if you guys
missed yesterday's vlog we did a full
tour of it so go check that out and
check out this view I love this right
here the pool is just so cool-looking
and I love that giant beach ball since
we're still in California time I woke up
very early this morning and I actually
fell asleep really early last night
so I'm feeling energized and actually
something fun I think we could do this
morning with ollie so I'm going to go
see if I can find the kids and see if
he's up for it I don't see them but I
hear them ollie
oh hey good morning guys you got laser
gun good morning Peyton hey Ollie come
up here I have I have a plan
good morning kiddos hey and I love this
bed head you guys were on you look like
Anna when she wakes up in the morning
guys you got a little Ally on his nose
yeah how'd you sleep Liv good you sleep
good pay Oh
all right Ollie so I think that this
morning we should play a prank on mama
so somebody yeah in me you're nothing
using you in you all of us we should all
play a prank on them okay yeah so one
thing you guys probably know about Missy
she loves her eggs in the morning she
always has eggs hash browns English
muffin and if she likes him over easy
sheets three eggs in the morning because
she just loves eggs so much
Popeyes downstairs and he's making
breakfast right yeah I thought instead
of giving mama eggs we could give her
something else you want to see
open the box what is it what do you see
Oh what kind of eggs are these yellow
why the yellow and white you know what
time they are left
they're gummy huh we can totally eat
these about they're super yummy look at
these gummy eggs oh they look real
look how real those look smell them what
do they smell like I think it's smelly I
still good which classic eighties yeah
they do huh so oli what if we replace
moments eggs with bees and see if she
notices would that be cool okay let's do
it you guys think that'll be funny I
don't know if she'll like it you might
be a little mad but yes let's do a
little switcheroo okay we have to show
off all our stretches this morning get
our early morning stretches in early
morning stretches what about you Liv you
got a stretch early in the morning I
know
expression our muscles these kids
there's nobody all right I got the goods
let's go Holly but you guys have to be
super quiet okay don't you can't spill
the beans all right I got my prank posse
behind me good morning babe you're
making yourself some breakfast we got
hash browns and bacon and English muffin
you know what I love you so much how
about I cook your eggs for you yeah okay
that's enough all he's going to help me
too
all right oh yeah I got a plate a moment
can you give her eggs
yes and put them on the hash brown bag
some good chocolate a plan good job she
eats three eggs we need one more about
how about this one Caroline to crack hey
Liv do you want to prank your papa
yeah because I think he's really hungry
too huh okay I got a plate for him - you
want to put some eggs on it for one more
right you have their plates now we're
going to give them their food okay you
can't spell the beat don't tell her it's
tell me okay LT they don't hear you give
your Papa his plate
now this is mama come on
alright babe here is your delicious
breakfast Ollie and I worked so hard on
that and look let's got your breakfast
doesn't that look so good
no they're really good just try them
just yes it is yes
Ollie fried those up just you might just
need to take a big bite they're normal
eggs right Liv yeah they're not gummy
eggs
those are real eggs I cooked for you oh
it was real big no one appreciates good
cooking these days
very good ha we pranked you gummy eggs
oh so funny right
we got them good huh yeah they're not
bad guys that was pretty funny break
down it play well yes oh you guys aren't
a pirate ship now I think mr. Kevin knew
but she would see it during Ollie and
fins like hey how do you get up there
look at you thin Ben really wants to
hang out with you guys go fit go fanny
go Finny really careful with saying okay
guys alright fins got himself a gummy
eggs this morning just like what mama oh
he's got his breakfast he's off and we
are making real eggs for messy well this
didn't worked out at all it isn't nap
time we actually do not have a patch in
place years right now the last night
hand stick on the bed and it's now nap
time supposed to be delivering one he
was so tired he was actually asleep and
I laid him down like no mom I don't want
I'm not doing that yeah it's not going
to work especially when it's so bright
out at nighttime when you super you've
retired it kind of be worth but no
feeling we're going to be finding yummy
eggs stuff call for the house today so
you guys know how in the house store
yesterday I was talking about how is it
so excited to hook up the switch to
ejector in the cedar well we did it and
we've been playing Mario and Zelda on it
all day look at this screen this girl
what are you guys doing in here
it's different so cool playing on this
huge stream run all the kids are not
anymore being crazy big you trying to
roll with the blood you're supposed to
be napping
I've got a pack and play set up for him
so hopefully you can take a good nap
teeny one
good morning Victoria thank you I don't
need any flowers worrying but good job
go down and pick him flowers
been up all night oh wow the air the
water the heat feels amazing
what are you doing Holly what are you
doing in the pool you did really good
oli he did so good go for it many like
oh hey I don't like this justice whether
that's how he learns in a swim class
they actually throw them in with their
shoes and all their clothes on and they
have to be able to take themselves out
and he did it hey I didn't even see they
have this whole area for the kids to
like splash on no horseplay well that
basically gets rid of everything that
all he does in the pool let's go dude it
was 20 for you whatever
Oh
beautiful pool everyone is in or into
their babies you ollie what do you think
you're doing summit haha you sure you
need to throw you in the pool
the daughter
Edgard is out there he's like a still
today and funny clever case I mean
before using our here anyways we're all
in the water
Robin races we're enjoying the pool we
are showing three lucky right now
are you pretty happy you having so much
fun oh yeah what's wrong this is like
I've been sitting for like two hours you
people just got in
Oh
not where's that you guys fresh
pineapple rings on the grill so good
someone wants attention oh so we're
actually I've just been sitting on the
couch for like 30 minutes now I don't
think you've had that much fun in a long
time and it caught up that's exactly
some of us took nap eight lines and got
some fun in and now it's relax this is
probably about the time we would take a
Starbucks run is that mean you're
volunteering good that's run and what's
your issue ow oh really really
all right we are having a little Mario
Kart tournament coming in late kids
there will not send asleep but simply
he's like going it kind of almost is
like it's just been on a walk with me ma
and Papa that's who they call Jennifer
that's my that's my mom
apparently the kids have something for
it are you okay hey what you got whoa
plan did you pick this up for me not of
someone's yard is against the law it was
a hard yard okay Laur
listen again what
it fills out the entire string how crazy
do you say this is so crazy so let's see
who - bottom right Jimmy winning first
place top right is towel top left Brian
bottom left Jeffrey
ninth place Jimmy's always in first so
we just don't even count him haha we got
distraction for Jimmy I'm good I'm gonna
table it's just like a little ink blob
you know it goes away
Oh everyone so many kids and it's so
late all of you should be in bed it's
time to end the vlog and go to bed yeah
come here
oh he's done okay guess what we have a
super fun date smile Jeanette we're
doing yeah that's I'm fine
yeah hope you guys enjoyed today's video
if you did be sure to give it a big
thumbs up and you to the peace try to
brush is there
I've been say bye say bye Boop good do
anavar anything we're trying to teach
him bye boo
goodbye alright bye maybe someday
you
