welcome to today's vlog something
Crazy's every day you're filling up our
pool wherever you are that's where I
wanna be on that big top inside
just funnin around
I'm coming all trucks again
come to every
they're filling our pool today come
check it out fin we're filling up the
pool nuts oh cool look at that you guys
I gotta say it's been really nerve
racking with a pool empty because for
that reason because they can't really
for attending out and scary was it cool
to good nabis like it job but at least
we got it I can jump in and grab it yeah
now it's it's okay so it'll be so nice
that is so stinking cool so basically
what they did yesterday they plastered
it so it's got a whole new and look at
these tiles the turtles we are going to
have some amazing pool parties this year
you guys taller so it'll make the water
like really blue and it looks white on
camera let me show you guys it's really
blue and then we've got these little
dark blue glass wider ones that will
make the water Sparkle yeah it's going
to be really nice on camera we basically
plant me and let cool for what's going
to look good when we're underwater with
GoPro look here's another turtle and
check out this tile I'm so in love with
the tile
what do you see a starfish man am i cool
no it's almost like a leopard leopard
starfish but check us out guys we're
filling up the pool got a hose in yeah
Brandon beginning we're filling up the
pool with water I'm a look at you dude
you look comfy that's so cool
alright you want to fill the water the
cool yeah you can already see like from
the water in the plaster babe it's
already bright it's going to be really
nice once it's full we actually cannot
really swim in it for a week because it
has to settle with all the water and I
think we can heat it but not like
Jacuzzi temperature for cheek we have to
brush it twice a day for two weeks
looks like the hot
is ball look as a grotto this so cool
let's go check it out what do you think
of the turtles dude look at the turtles
they keep all these papers careful full
of water you don't push me haha so cool
this is really cool and you can see the
tile really nice I think it's gonna be
like a lot safer you know yeah yeah
don't push me in silly boy so yes this
is a very exciting day in our house
filling the pool has begun
you guys Holly what are you doing Oh
crazy we're gonna get soaking wet dude
another thing yesterday they install the
fire pit inside the rocks and then we
put black volcano Rock side lava rock
check that's not a fire pit I still need
the roof so you're going to have fun
climbing this whole thing this summer
huh hey Finn how did you get soaking wet
Ben went for a little swim already you
have to roll it oh my gosh how's the
water film I think this is the only time
he can be able to stand up in the
defense
cannot believe you're finally telling
Paul this is the coolest thing ever a
little bit like three months to make you
back
physically having such a blast so study
all you having fun it's good faster
seriously though you guys this has been
like a 3-4 months project it feels
really good to have gotten this far
we've done a lot of waiting and honestly
we probably would have been in this cool
weeks ago because it started to get hot
in California but I'm just so excited
because this is like setting the
precedent for the rest of summer we're
going to have such a fun summer swimming
in this pool making memories with our
friends and our family having barbecues
doing stunts off of that grotto or up
here that one you might get hurt a
little bit but yeah it's really really
cool I'm so excited babe thanks for
forcing me to do this also this was not
in the plan I told Missy we got rid of
that RV garage let's make an outdoor
kitchen and then she was like oh hey
come check out our pool yeah yeah so
it's really cool we've been working
really hard to make this happen and it's
it's finally time so this is fun we're
just getting to celebrate a little bit
today just nice Holly I love you in
Sicily look at that water babe it's so
pretty it's going to be like a really
pretty shade of blue actually it's not
too bright and yeah there's a lot of
stars
yeah like brighten it up it's not like
to glue next so but yeah totally Finn
this is the pool that you're gonna learn
to swim in yeah and that knife can you
say starfish starfish
babe looking good in our new grotto look
at you something that we talked about
from the very beginning yeah creepy and
then it was something he tried to talk
yourself out of a million times
I didn't service about it because the
kids loved the hot tub
like it's definitely something around to
watch so much we always watch them
anyway yeah like another thing like you
can't see the stars always skinny but
also like I think it's going to keep us
warmer when we're here at night and the
wind won't leave as much any in degree
like toys and I'm ollie did you see the
little turtle right here to get the
turtle get it no it's a good turtle ah
yeah we're going to need name
suggestions for all our turtles so we
have three big ones and we have three
little babies what do you guys think
that we should name the turtle let us
know it comes the turtle we should name
all the stars oh my gosh and the eel we
got to name the eel and starfish the
coolest guy just makes not really like
whimsical and fun
no very Disney oh yeah which is just
really cool because the guys who did the
rocket Disney are the ones who did this
so it's like it's like our own little
Disney their own little Disneyland
look who's made it the fam is over and
dad's already got a smart idea because
we should fill it from the slide
he says Andy you can get in look at that
that waterfall obsessed with social all
right you get it down the stair tom
hollie up stick it down his life okay
okay maybe I'll be crazy
that's so funny look at these two free
puppy tours like oh my god you Kenny we
are just hanging out now just getting
ready for our day and we actually just
had to do a bazillion dishes you had it
paddled up to here this morning we just
got done cleaning up and the pups are
just running around and it now down for
a quick little nap ah the grass is just
freshly mowed and the pups are excited
to play on it Carmy looking for your
balls by the way I left the chickens out
and I left the chicks out with Pam and
it was the cutest thing ever I think I'm
going to start letting them out a little
bit more often or just like sometimes
obviously with me watching them pretty
closely because she was really really
good to make sure that they weren't like
they weren't running around everywhere
they're staying with her and she was
making sure that they weren't like in
the middle of somewhere we're like a
hawk could just come down in some foam
actually most of the time she was hiding
under this tree with them keeping them
safe but also just like pecking and the
chicks were so cute like staying with
her and it was just like the sweetest
thing ever so I think she's ready for a
little more outside time so I think the
chicks will be pretty good as long as
we're watching and keep an eye on them
alright pool update how's it going ollie
check it out you guys we are making
progress I cannot wait to go down that
slide like at this point we go if I had
meant I probably yeah look it right now
if Ollie falls in he's not gonna die
the exploring I was getting a little
worried because the water was starting
to look green
and we specifically chose something for
it to not look green but I think it's
like it's a greenish tint in the deep
end shaded areas yeah and then maybe
that's it - it's kind of shaded and then
as it gets shallower it's actually like
a really nice pretty blue actually
that's really good on camera really
really pretty like you can it's very
crystal clear yeah and look it's almost
up to the steps got like two more inches
til it gets it to the step as you guys
can see it's just starting to get on
that little step right there that turtle
is underwater there's another turtle
underwater they're getting close
Holly don't be sneaky it's going to be
really hard to not swim in this pool for
a whole week but we don't really don't
want to mess up the water and Luna this
is the swimming pool you're gonna learn
to swim in not cool
yeah she's gonna have to be a water dog
like karma Benny are you eating pizza on
the table
oh hey Holly what are you doing why does
that actually sound like a beautiful
song
what is the cutest thing ever you guys
look you guys the water she's all the
way up here to the turtle so you have to
hit this step this is the only thing
that is exposed everything else
underwater
auntie is being a bad influence too much
wine he's literally standing on top of
the grotto cave right now hey what do
you think listen in the grotto yeah
Missy is attempting to climb across the
careful babe oh my gosh look a cat
Jimmy's making sure that the hole gets
brushed look at you like Catwoman all
really nice we have yet to actually see
the pool like turned on so we don't
really know what everything's going to
look like so we're just now finding like
little things like holes and stuff our
water's going to go through that's
actually really sad because it's so high
up but yeah if you jump in you will get
very very hurt alright here's what it
looks like from up here pretty cool it's
really high
whoa looks like very so fun I can't
leave it's almost fall oh yeah
you
all right we have had such a fun day
we've been hanging out with a fam
watching the pool fill up I think it's
going to be done really soon we just got
done with dinner now we're having a
little pretty sir after dinner Starbucks
so honestly a Starbucks like is perfect
dessert for me so friends having a
chocolate chip cookie dipped in a
peppermint mocha you know oh my goodness
children and Ollie what do you have the
drink is that like a little hot
chocolate - yeah you've got pumpkin
bread you still happy he's wearing the
truck and so he can watch me yeah he's
watching a movie he's like mom but me I
think we're going in the blog where you
go home put the kids to bed so make sure
you give this video a big thumbs up we
are so excited for not only our slew be
done but the summer is going to be so
awesome
yeah we made tons of amazing swimming
pool videos last summer so if you guys
want to check those out I'll have a
playlist in the iCard that you can check
out too anyways we'll see you guys
tomorrow
Ollie woody say size
