friendship right here please don't make
me go blind wherever you are
stop lever wanna be left off that big
top
Oh
just wanna show you
coming all our trucks again
oh good ma dad how's it going buddy
okay good hey do you like to just finish
what's your favorite color fidget
spinner and pull blue you like the blue
one the blue ones pretty cool hey do you
wanna have some fun today and do some
bugs off a fidget bitters yeah you want
to eat digits winners yeah should we
make visitors that you can eat I've been
seeing a ton of people on YouTube make
edible fitted spinners I have not said
anything to all ages literally it's like
I want to make fitness centers that you
can eat where you can always candy bro
really and you think we should make
edible fidget spinners out of this stuff
I do want to preface this by saying also
it is actually not morning anymore
I don't think Missy would allow us to
eat candy this early if it was early in
the morning so we're good right Ollie
what luck oh yeah
so we actually created some mold Papa
helped us make this this is one that's
done out of play-doh and we just push
the fidgets spinner in there this one is
done with like a modeling clay I think
we're going to try a little fidget
spinner experiment today what hey guys
so these are called Jolly Ranchers
they're like a hard candy yeah and these
are Star Trek they're also a hard candy
but they're a little more squishy ER and
they just taste different all right I
thought I would show you guys our
fidgets spinner collection because we
have acquired quite a few fidget
spinners haven't we what are you doing I
don't even know what's going on right
now I apologize all right like I was
saying we have acquired a lot of fidget
spinners and I didn't know this until I
woke up this morning and they were all
sort of in a pile together I was like we
have a lot of fidget winners so I want
to show them off to you guys this one is
super cool is white and it lights up and
it's super light it's like the classic
this is a brass one it's very similar to
my other brass one but it's a little
more fat
look at those these unscrew right here
and it spins amazingly
whoa you lined up all of them yes these
are all our other fitted spinners good
job putting them all on the line dude we
also have gold ones we have
glow-in-the-dark one which
full-disclosure
don't glow in the dark that much I left
these in the salon for like two days try
to in a dark room you can barely even
see it we have super cheap ones look at
this one I believe this one is from the
dollar store but it spins surprisingly
well this was the first Bratz one I got
and one of the screws actually got lost
into it so I took the other two off and
now it's it actually is a try spinner
used to have six six arms though we have
more coloured glow-in-the-dark ones
these ones also don't glow in the dark
very much but the coolest one is one
we've made ourselves and we're going to
make even more today this is a wooden
fidgets spinner that Papa made look at
that so he took the core out from an old
one and then created like his own try
digit arms they're a little rough around
the edges but that's okay it still spins
really really well and it's super
lightweight so it's actually a lot
easier to jump and I totally just did
that first take on camera so me are what
you're made of
oh all right you heard it first it's a
fidget spinner orange spin it spin it
spin it it actually can't spin
all right Jeffries hanging out here
today and he look at those skills he's
actually pretty skilled with this fitted
spinner - hahaha
under the leg you see this already
everything's he's so cool watch this
okay ah that's basically the extent of
my skills
Oh two three ah I got like two now then
it's better power unite oh okay we're
gonna try to jump up hey ready - ready
boom - hi ah ah oh my goodness my
friendship right here please don't make
me go blind
lady
all right do we have two molds already
for the physics winners and I want you
to create one with this one so what I
need you to do is we're going to set it
there I want you to push it in as far as
you can into the plate okay and push
whoa that's awesome good job dude oh and
you know we're going to do with them all
now we're going to melt a candy put them
in the mold and then let it dry pop it
out and make our own pigeon centers all
right we are trying this candy
experiment I guess so Missy is now
unwrapping Jolly Ranchers we have all
blowing and then Ally you are unwrapping
starburst right yes so we're doing
starburst for one and Jolly Ranchers for
another oh my gosh there's more
you're doing good unwrapping that for
the starbursts we're doing pink orange
and red since all those colors go well
together
alright Jeffrey crushed up the blue
Jolly Ranchers so they'll melt easier
those look really cool they're shiny hot
Ollie
let's go show a little dent now we are
going to pop these in the microwave melt
them down and pour them into our molds
and hopefully not make a giant mess or
an explosion microwave
this looks so cool we just pulled the
Jolly Rancher microwave look at that
really cool though really longer
definitely have to be hotter so we can
play a bit more all right Ollie we got
our mold candy is coming out of the
microwave how does it look oh that's
what we wanted okay come over and pour I
don't know what smells like Momo let's
let that kata-kata so hard look at that
baby did it oh my god is beautiful Wow
that is so cool
there's that looks incredible you got a
babe you got it you got it what a silk
oh good good so hot oh my god okay
that's good
oh shoot just uh alright I am melting
starburst now and look how cool this
looks in the ball it is red pink and
orange and I'm going to like mix it all
together and just see what color it
creates it's already started to get a
little bit hard so you got to work with
it exact oh my gosh this smells amazing
it smells so much better than Jolly
Ranchers also we have our starburst
all melted this is definitely hard is
totally nice
oh good good put this one fresh with the
other two
well good morning Ben what
Oh your berry given on my hog Finn just
woke up from his nap at the perfect time
because now he gets to join us and all
these bitches better fun you had to take
one of those and read it yeah ma Oh
first Peter Rabbit book you want to go
try this vigil in your spin can you say
fidget whoo go say hi to mama come on
Finn let's go go show Mom other books
you picked up Kay you picked these two
books out today
yeah like this book yeah like my big
brother is gonna be into dinosaurs now
you like that Peter Rabbit book huh
all right guys we have taken our fidgets
spinners out of the fridge and they look
amazing we think golly which one are you
excited to try la are going hold on
so there's on the starboard and these
are Jolly Ranchers yes these are like
Jarvis Maureen Jolly Ranchers
I hate turned back to see a dollar like
that one so what we have done is we have
taken out the middle of the fidgets
spinner so it's got the little caps on
it and it's got the rotating thing that
attaches to the concept here is to take
these out of the mold attach these and
see if we can right now Walter it out
yep oh my God look at that looks
incredible all right pop the matter -
pop in the Sun Jackie oh my god
beautiful okay
all right let's allow them to fail let's
try this one all right this is one we
did with the play-doh motor and this is
the starburst one and actually looks
like it's coming out perfect the cap
back on it okay this is our burst fidget
spinner I'm going to try and spin it
hang on only it's got a passive spin
Tess you ready we're gonna try hi yes
spin it it's a little too big for you
buddy but there you can spin it well
hold it oh oh you want to try it like
eat it that's what's cool about these
fidgety nurses you can spin them and you
can also eat them that is amazing it
actually tastes amazing because it's red
orange and pink stuff so that was a
success I'm very happy Ollie is eaten
the broken one how's it taste okay good
Hey but when dry this is our other Jolly
Rancher one and it's shaped a little bit
differently because it's like the ninja
spinner one
ready this one's a little bit more frail
and the last one broke even so gonna be
really careful with that it looks cool
let's pop it on ah not big enough
mm not big enough but yeah it'll sound
like this it's like hotel that looks
really cool and thanks but look at what
do you think young good
how's it taste
oh it's got hair on it yeah Jolly
Rancher it's a little sticky so a lot of
things are going to stick to it oh yeah
we always have such a blast
playing with fidget spinners and if you
guys want to see more stuff that we've
done with fidget spinners be sure to
click the I card in the corner of the
screen and check out our playlist of all
our fitted spinner videos I cannot
believe that experiment was a success we
made a real live edible working fidget
spinner that's pretty cool
what do you kiddos doing whoa we have a
doctor a ninja and a little girl right
the Johnsons are hanging out tonight and
I am making them a very special dinner
kids just love roughhousing don't they
get it
ninja Ali they always so much fun
together so cute kids are in bed and
dinner is served
you're welcome whatever dude for my
first time cooking you dinner I feel
like I did pretty good job if I thought
thanks man just finished dinner and we
put only in its bed with an eye patch
relaxing so that he would go sing
hi buddy I'm still awake
what do you watchin the dragon movie and
getting tired okay that's all for
today's video you guys it's okay
thank you yes give today's video a
thumbs up be sure to check out that I
card for more fun videos thank you guys
so much for watching we will see you
chiana fire didn't quit
you
