now we are driving RC cars and I haven't
told you guys this yet but jim has been
having so much fun designing a track for
us take these things out and beat them
up and I'm going to show you it right
now the grand reveal
of our new RC car tracks wherever you
are that way ever wanna be inside
just funny
 your dog coming all our tricks
again
with me Morgan
good morning I am here with turning
Captain America what are we gonna do
today ollie
I mean Captain America what are we gonna
do you're going to employees Hollow and
hazel
we're gonna play with Kyle and ginger
that's right I've read carlin ginger and
the whole family is here and we have
some high octane fun coming your way
what cage looking Kyle vs. Captain
America who will win
oh come up is like comments like oh love
hanging out with college and other boys
because all the boys just get along so
well we have five boys here now Carl -
hey hey I'm some fun today oh we're
gonna have so much fun you don't need no
no way who is this is this like
Pocahontas or like look at all hey
ginger hello ginger welcome to our casa
thanks for coming over maybe eventually
the hot horses all right before we go
have some fun outside and get super
dirty we ran by peanut earth I don't
think we've walked it but Ellie and
Jared did we went there on a little
double date when they were in town so
we're going to see what we painted in
how it turned out this is mine right
really oh this is my gnome you guys I
did pretty good it's a little rough
around the edges but that's okay so then
this will sit next to him look at that
funny
don't you that is really cute good job
and Ellie and Jared ice cream bolted for
good and what do they say inside so this
one says yeah this one's LA's it's super
cute and then this one says you did so
now that we have their pottery we can
send that to them along with our
birthday present
alright guys they're happening Claire
before we do all our cars and stuff and
show you the amazing track we have built
for just our key cards we're going to
blow stuff up with Carl new mini cannon
so if you guys went subscribe to him go
check out the link down below in the
description and go check that out you
can going to kind of fun stuff with it
and we're going to keeping giver tonight
she was coming for me Carl it is such a
beautiful day to blow things up it's so
fun having property and being able to do
things like this check out this mini
cannon you guys but yeah he put the
black powder in the fuse
it's loaded ready to go that's so cool
what's going to happen is it going to
win or is this thing gonna win Wow way
louder alright we just had a blast over
on Carl's channel literally a slap ha ha
ha ha yummy snake I seriously stoking up
with that heaven and now we are driving
RC cars
check out Carl's new beast the low C
he's so clean and pretty amount weight
to wreck it yes it's a soon going to
look like mine so I'm riding the the
Creighton we got the Yeti and I haven't
told you guys this yet but Jim has been
having so much fun designing a track for
us to take these things out and beat
them up and I'm going to show you it
right now the grand reveal of our new RC
car tracks Papa Papa Papa what the heck
did we do Jim so what we have here is a
figure 8 track to go around and you go
little jump and then come back around
and Engel background Constance
figure-eight okay all right so he built
this beautiful ramp right here check
this out you guys this is so nice
and then I seriously cannot believe he
did this but I saw walls like it'd be so
cool if we could figure out a way to go
upside down he built this all day
yesterday from scratch can you believe
that
look at this a full loop-d-loop this is
crazy
we've never done anything like this so
we're gonna see if it works
we'll be back
all right so I had to use some tape
because the GoPro mount completely
blends off of looks like Papa rigged so
we have the gofer on there we have to go
pros on this loop you loop one there one
there also very much Papa rig and we are
going to test out the loop de loop I
don't think I've ever seen this done on
YouTube before so this is like an
excited sclusively bed to David's gonna
actually work the camera in cases the
only chance we get we're going to turn
this baby on and see what we can do
oh my god I missed a little bit further
back
Landing but we did it you like great to
thought oh my gosh you did it
artist so far - students I thought you
were to hit me yeah
that was the greatest thing ever I am so
happy I never my dad know me yes with
them you're amazing you started up in
and brain yeah you ready dude
Oh
all right you guys now Jimmy's turn and
he's going to take the Yeti around the
loop-de-loop if we can do it yeah this
one's a little higher off the ground so
it might not even scrape it but we'll
see what happens
Oh beautiful yeah
good job Jimmy all right here he comes
again with the Yeti attempt another
loopty-loop hopefully I don't get hit oh
nice a little more turn a little more
turn oh my god peace with the go ha ha
ha ha truck came on a sunroof thank you
alright the guys are having their fun
and I have been having my fun so as you
guys might know I have a broody hen in
my chicken coop she's been sitting on
just some random unfertile eggs for days
now and I've determined she's definitely
ready to sit on fur legs and I'm
definitely ready for some chick so I
actually got way more than I was
planning on getting me faster think it
over I really can sell them or get rid
of them if I absolutely don't want as
many as I have hatched how much you
can't really have they be honest
we might have a chicken because yes I
got eight chicken eggs all of these eggs
are fertile and ready to be sat on and I
actually learned a lot I've been kind of
I've taught this lady before who sold me
some of her chickens and she's really
really really smart so I'll give you a
little bit of chicken facts once I go
out there and I'll show you all these
yes I got eight turtle chicken eggs and
let me show you all the ones I got I've
got two Reds I don't know if you can see
them but they're just like the regular
brown eggs that I have now and they'll
just be the lote that look like Rhode
Island Reds they actually are called red
production there's really good layers I
got blue coaching's these are these
little white eggs so they'll lay eggs
like this they're pretty small I got to
soaky's which I haven't been very lucky
on in the past okay seems to be very
delicate but maybe with a mom you know
that'll be nice and then I got these
really cool eggs and if you can tell
lavender
americanas and they'll a really cool
green eggs they look like greenish blue
but they are so pretty and they're
lavender americanas they're gonna be
really really pretty chickens that's
eight chickens guys now with her sitting
on them the chances of them all hatching
is actually quite high she said anywhere
from six to eight will hatch but my plan
what I was thinking is maybe putting
four under her and four in the incubator
so that we can watch some of them hats
because actually when they sit on them
you don't really get to watch them hatch
because they're under her hatching so
I'm excited she says that the mama will
like talk to them and they're let's why
like the better rate of them like
hatching and coming out because she kind
of talks to them and she turns them up
to fifty times a day and yeah I'm really
excited so let's show you our setup
oh hello hi Dickie chicks so I'm going
to eventually put her and the chicks
probably in here just to keep him safe
for a few weeks but for now I'm just
going to go ahead and leave her in her
little nesting box and yep she is still
here and she's been here for days she
gets up for a few minutes every day to
eat injuring himself otherwise that's
pretty much what she does I've got my
gloves on because she is a very
protective mama and she does not like to
move she will bite me absolutely I can
put actual babies under you the fake one
up up her area all right now I'm going
to land down
yeah I'm going to put them all under her
for now and then I will maybe bring some
inside and as I get closer so that we
can watch some hatch Wow
you're not sitting on anything so you're
kind of being ridiculous what you do
this place them all basically does so a
couple interesting facts about fertile
eggs incubating them first of all better
chance of survival rate with her
incubating them number two they
basically be like slowly incubate
assorted through heat so the more she
sits on them the faster basically they
should hatch in 21 days so if she isn't
very good at what she does and let's say
she gets off more than she should
it'll just take her longer for the eggs
longer to hatch so it's really just like
if she stays on them they'll have to 21
days but they might take a little bit
longer if she keeps hopping off which
she pretty much stays on them a lot
maybe like an hour off a day another
interesting fact is and I mean unless
she like completely like stops sitting
on them and abandon them then I guess
they would die probably but for the most
part it shouldn't she she'll do all the
work she's going to flip them she'll
talk to them she'll kind of help them
develop through her heat and 21 days
we're gonna have some chicks ginger
ginger you must it can be pizza we
almost we almost ate it off all that one
looks so bad look at all of this yummy
pizza because how we do it anyway I hope
you guys enjoyed today's video we had
such a blast hanging out with Kyle and
ginger be sure to subscribe like this
video leave a comment with a suggestion
of what we should do next with these RC
cars you can
the fun is just begun anyway thanks for
watching everyone say bye boo
you
you
