you ready yeah are you ready said he's
ready
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
big time
just one associate talking your dog
try to give
I'm Trevor
me likey good morning guys Ollie and I
are all ready for the day and I think we
look pretty snazzy don't we yeah yeah
you want to show off your outfit
Oh myself get up load in our spaceship
yeah it's got like pirate stuff on it ha
like town and a rope and a buoy that's
cool huh
and look at these flip-flops you're
wearing flip-flops buddy and like my
style I do like your style but you are
looking good buddy I'm not sure where he
learns out exactly now look at him oh
wow
posing for the camera you're all ready
for the day aren't you yeah you want to
have a fun Saturday
okay okay he's going to go tell mama
that he wants to have a fun Saturday
we're all ready for the day I'm actually
wearing this new shirt I got from Urban
Outfitters it's cool looks like it has
like paint splatter all over it and then
don't make fun of me guys I bought
Birkenstocks what do you think let me
know if you guys wear Birkenstocks but
Ellie was here a couple days ago she had
Birkenstocks and I thought it was so
cool because they like mold to your feet
and then they make it so like only you
can actually wear the Birkenstock so I
thought that was kind of cool and I've
been looking for a comfortable pair of
flip-flops or sandals or something so
I'm gonna rock these today but it's
supposed to be a beautiful day here in
sunny Southern California 85 degrees so
we're going to go out on the town and
enjoy it okay we are now out of the
house and is all I was so cute like mom
I can't close my eyes I said yes you can
so now he is completely passed out we
are actually going to lunch it is a
pretty later lunch we are all starving
and we're so hungry I'm hoping Finn is
honestly because
um you did take a snap already but
anyways we're hungry we're actually
going somewhere that Brian's around you
guys for a really really long time we
have been here in a while
I'm looking forward to some yummy food
yeah watch yep we're gonna need some
lunch you just woke up from a good nap
huh
Ali woke up almost right away like ready
to go so this is the place we were going
nyb wings and ribs and we're walking
toward the building and it's very empty
so so now we have to walk across the
parking room to chick-fil-a I'm really
bummed that police got really good food
but it was kind of in a weird location
so I knew the last time we ate there
that probably wasn't gonna last very
long right yeah we're gonna go at
chick-fil-a okay that became me walk
yeah we can walk right there
whoa turn upside down he almost went
upside down there
you
you
sometimes it gets a little crazy too
when we go to playgrounds because all of
the kids almost always know who all he
is and so they're always running after
him and yelling Olly Olly did you see
that all we did you notice that people
were talking to you and you you did you
know them
who are they olliewood what do they do
they talk to you and why do they know
you they do watch your videos huh yeah
this way he always says he oh he says
hey mom dad they watch my videos
absolutely yeah we were literally eating
lunch and a girl like how much in videos
all the time and he like ran down to me
and she was like don't tell her don't
tell her you randomly found me go mama
she watches my videos all the time in
the girls so embarrassed I was like oh
yeah a not-so-nice around it does it's
something that we we don't really know
how to talk to Olly about it because
everyone kind of just knows his name so
it's something that we're still like
definitely learning and trying to make
him as much normal as possible yeah like
we tell him like they're friends you
know like you know but he'll have to be
careful because not everyone's a friend
so this is I know his name is like
that's cool but you know it'd still be
careful but sometimes perskin Holly we
treat everyone with kindness right yeah
and some people might go you from your
videos right but yeah part can get crazy
sometimes because this one was really
packed and so we're like oh how this is
going to go and I mean it just has the
point where kids were just chasing and
every alright we should go now now we're
leaving we're going home and what are we
going to do Olly at home
Lion King and do we have anything yummy
recently yummy I have a yummy gummy
surprise for the boys anywhere to eat
today we're gonna see it what it is okay
Ollie Ollie ollie that's right bro we
got a snake in the mail yes you know
what a real snake is right yeah yeah
they're scary and they're mean and
they're dangerous but I don't I don't
think this is that kind of stink okay do
you like snakes what do you want to see
what we got yeah okay let's open it up
as a family we have something so going
to show you guys man it just went come
anymore
oh could be can see ready are you ready
then he's ready inside the box is
something crazy and I just gotta say the
things I buy on Amazon you guys first of
all I just gotta say it smells amazing
can you smell it ollie what's it smell
like and we are crazy
yeah it is very scary look a little blue
on it eat it if you couldn't get you
Ollie gonna eat you
look I just ejected dummy
snick okay I found this thing on Amazon
I was like I have to get that look at
that's the head right there look at that
the head
you don't want to eat it what is my big
push okay so it's definitely not like a
cherry flavor it got like it's red and
it has all flew like markings on it yes
just smelling don't you yeah Olli
it smells like my whole house is still
with the lasers okay so some really fun
facts about this giant Python wait
twenty seven twenty seven thousand
that's one of them it is eight feet long
in totally eight feet long total it is
thirty six thousand nine hundred and
sixty calories so basically 37 thousand
calories that's insane
all those calories that 5852 grams of
sugar that is a lot of sugar huh
so I can hype you up for sure it's made
to be three hundred and eight people and
the main ingredients are corn syrup
sugar and gelatin so it's like really
bad
this is extremely lucky so what we live
in where you can buy an eight flooded
gummy python on the Internet
Mikey this is like oh my ear you're the
game
I'm actually really going here
definitely like sherry and blue
raspberry look at this right it is so
happy look at this cool are we gonna I
mean what do you think look at his
eyeball don't oh yes Oh weird
it's like felt kind of real Oh three
pounds
I'm with 40,000 calories wrong I met ya
he's joking me like oh yeah
the hole is about to take advice there's
no not they device so that okay let's do
taste test
take a little bite you gonna lose it oh
my god I did not but sure I'll try it so
hard
Oh what the heck it's really tough gummy
like you have to like cut it yeah
careful Kirk oh you got a party how is
it how's it taste
yeah I think once you break into that it
makes it a little easier goes one mmm so
good you like that like I don't know
that much
oh okay yeah I'm a third wave it's not
weird is going okay just like cherry
it kind of gummy yeah definitely harder
are to roll up butterfly
yeah okay
you like El Nino snack I got not Python
no ma'am yep when I write gosh this is
like go at it like crazy
whoo that was a big piece huh look it up
oh my god good night good you got it but
what is me just going for the meat huh
this is sick
all right Ollie what do you think the
gummy snake it's pretty good
do you ever wish you saw a real snake
like this thank you what would you do
solving this big what if he was real did
you run yeah it's pretty scary
your main house will ask you it does you
can smoke it there you have it guys
eight feet of gummi Python that is
pretty insane I just love that you can
literally go on the internet and order
one of these giant gummy dinosaur would
that be cool Ollie get it big get it
they like it I don't know how long it's
gonna last in our house but we'll see
let me see ally whoa it definitely has
blue and red huh yeah I gotta say they
definitely like the gummy version of
snake I don't think they'd be eating the
real snake that might be a little crazy
oh my god they're going to get the
biggest sugar rush on that it's so cute
though
Ollie how much do you have in your mouth
right now we have to take the gummy
snake away because apparently our kids
have no self-control whatsoever this is
fun
I don't want to you haven't won
nonetheless I wanted yeah I wonder if
chastity chef Kathy can take it yeah she
can have a party with it and maybe serve
it at the party yeah I think that's what
you're supposed to do it it's called
like a party Python so that like for
Halloween this would be fun totally that
cool ollie
Oh God oh my god I love it when you
think of that ability can you hold up
that Holly oh it's heavy huh
you
