we got too much smaller three but that's
it so Frankie caramel over it is
considered better are you blogging yeah
wherever you are that lever wanna be
that big
yes
just wandering around
coming all I gotta give
I am
you're with me
good morning guys
cannot find the voice anywhere so they
might be lost or they're just playing
hooky for the parents but I heard some
things around
let's go in there and see if we can't
see with that never going to see it
coming
what is kill went on in here good
morning boys
how you doing this morning buddy
whistling I don't know where to go oh
are you learning all the secrets of your
bedroom the baby in here there's a big
boy there's a daddy and there's a baby
in the mirror isn't there
yeah whatever fit is upset I just take
him around to all the mirrors and show
him the little babies and he gets so
happy we haven't done that baby trick
where you like put a mark on their head
and then if they try to wipe it off it
basically indicates whether they think
that's a more about the baby
case a good morning say good morning
okay watch this guy's
then can you say thank you so kyboot you
starting to talk so much as little
babbling and like taking form it's
really cute
thinking you say I love you that was
close oh you're such a happy baby huh oh
you're throw that at me oh he's got so
much energy this is how you know it's
ready for the baby's nap when he's
running around like crazy he was up
early early this morning so it is
definitely nap time
hey you can take a nap no all right go
see mama zenkei we're going to see you
much more do it love you thank you oh
thank you Carrie Melba - can you say -
better but you don't know mama I think
that dad's place in the bath oh I'm cool
are you blogging yeah hi good morning
bodies guess what always
it's actually time for you to clean your
playroom yeah yeah I'm actually gonna go
help up in the playroom and I'm eating
banana right now
pedda so proud of you you helped me
clean the whole playroom
you helped me seen the whole playroom
and I'm so proud of them you did a very
good job thank you now I think Pink's
coming over and you guys get to play
let's not make it too big of a mess okay
okay look are you so excited Angie's
here yeah but I did yeah oh she brought
toys whoo she might be doing something
fun and he is here and she really wants
to see the chicken so we're going to
introduce her but I can't tell you their
name you gave him with a name no because
I have to announce it on my videos he
also watched that I watch it no I'll
probably tell her just be honest you go
show her the chicken they're already
preaching I don't know I know
no that's what's old one she's old news
now there's Pam and Pam is very
protective now now if she wants to buy
us if we try and grab the chicks oh
that's fun well why don't you give me
one high priest consistent amounts of a
Oh girls throw girls anyway now we don't
know there's a cute can I take one home
specific yeah go for it so maybe my new
apprentice yep they're all doing good
they're running around with Mama she was
actually teaching them how to like
scratch and peck and she's been teaching
them how to eat and drink I put these
rocks in here so they don't drowned in
those water clean it out but they can
stand in it and not like fall on the
ground
what's this one's name that one is ah
that's a really cute name
guess what mr. Finnegan I have a
surprise for you
and I know you're so excited he's like
what is it he is so obsessed with the RC
cars that are in the garage he when he
like escapes the garage and goes to them
so look what I have look Wow my car yeah
so we actually
at clammer con remember i was like this
is so cool so it's a little Mario Cart
isn't about control one thing you guys
should also know about Ben is he is
obsessed with Mario Kart he loved having
it on he climbs on the couch with the
controller and like loves to play I
thought this would actually be perfect
that's the antigravity mode and not so
cool we need to open up this box now
then cannot even contain himself you so
excited look at that
at the gold
Oh
Oh
whoa it's an antigravity mode now put
this and it was sideways
I've never seen been it so happy about a
toy it's just so crazy like he's getting
into more and more toys lately all he is
obsessed with Tori's he loves playing
with them so it's just fun to see Finn
getting access to
goodbye
 ow you smashed into your break you
want to try it ollie
sure hit it whoa dude
you're pro make it go forward good job
now can you turn it use that side to
turn it okay oh been an L that's so neat
you wanna make it fly okay push that to
go into gravity mode nice not cool
so this is gravity mode oh cool
it can basically go sideways
okay I'm getting dizzy how neat is that
all
what did I tell you guys he's obsessed
with Mario Kart you like Nintendo he's
playing here but Jimmy is actually
playing alright guys as you know we have
many many animals in this household we
now have 12 chickens two dogs also
animals fish which he is the life
flashed I guess though life we need more
we just need one I first of all I'd you
have to break some news to you guys a
few months ago month ago or so we
basically caught up like a bazillion
tadpoles and we were super excited to
watch them grow and get big and my
parents were taking care of them I'm
just gonna blame it on dad when you're
in Florida unfortunately they all died
every single one every single one in one
day's time and so I don't know what
happened exactly if something specific
got into the water and just like kill
them all or what but in one day
everything was like one day was they
were all alive and the next day they
were all dead so Brian found this really
fun live frog growing kit these giant
these are like real tadpoles yeah
they're huge I like radioactive chuckle
yeah do you see that Holly giant
tentacles yeah but I won't be mad right
now
I'm out of the bag so we have them
sitting in the water for two hours about
20 more minutes left and the water will
be acclimated we can dump them out yep
and this is actually funny it can take
up to how long does whoa 12 to 18 weeks
well 14 to 16 but I figure they're
already two weeks old Oh
so like three to four months all right
now all we got to do is hurry up and
wait for 12 to 16 weeks is that right
yeah you know what also is that we'll be
able get to watch the process of like
four legs tough to grow yeah they're big
so we're going to see when they like
actually lose their tail and get it I
think it will be really fun for all I
guess okay like watch it's such a cool
like experiment experiment but just like
a cool thing that only gets to see yeah
what we're going to say Lee he's like
nothing I was just trying to fit this
whole orange in my mouth Wow and as if
little babyt apples aren't enough we
also have some caterpillars here as well
yes we're doing another experiment which
these are all probably fit in all these
rooms so you can watch them but this
will be a lot faster yes
so these are caterpillars right now
they're basically working their way to
the top and they're going to basically
Harden and become cocoon once they
become soon we can take them out of this
little chart and we put them in like a
netted like boxer enclosure yeah and
they're basically going to turn into
butterflies so cool so what are they
sitting in now like food that's like all
those food that they need almost there
baby
they're like eating their food and I'm
going to climb the top and they're going
to come cocoon once their cocoon only
takes ten to ten days from become better
well notify the outer space get the big
what does that look like okay what did I
just got done a game yeah oh the ones
you got games yeah I remember when he
got game remember yeah is so crazy
there's a little netted enclosure so
once their cocoon we can put them in
here and then we'll watch them they can
fire on and then we can set those free
which is kind of cool yeah that's fun
all right you guys so Missy is out had a
little girls night she's doing a
painting that and she's painting
something really cool so you'll probably
see on your Instagram
make sure you're following us on that
this little boy this little bro okay but
before you guys suspect his reflection
who's that baby in the mix a night night
baby oh I hope you guys enjoyed watching
today's video if you did be sure to give
it a thumbs up he thumbs up yeah check
out that I cards watch some more fun
videos from us thank you guys for
watching be sure to subscribe and we
will see you manana Ben can you do by
boop ah
say bye
