open the ticker scope with the diggers
and they keep the tickers right behind
him and he wants them reluctantly
wherever you are that's whatever wanna
be big jump inside
Wow
just funnin around you never know you
know when you go coming all our trucks
again
come to happen
good morning guys I'm here what are we
doing
Bubba's in here can you see him we are
going to slim today we definitely are
ready I think we missed last week so
like we've been missing a lot these last
few weeks but our pools almost done so
we will get a lot more practice in once
that's time that's done okay you're
gonna do good a swim yeah you do your
big arm oh all right hopefully does good
all right Ali are you excited yeah yeah
oh my goodness you see just pay his
lives at school are you gonna do good at
swim I need a high tide should be some
time if you were to find you classroom
and we'll be telling okay
hey where's Ali I was having seen him
sign there people he thought that was
gonna be so funny how you better live
really good what up guys so missing is
taking the boys to swim class and I want
to show you guys how my bacon turned out
if you guys watched yesterday's video
saw that I was throwing this in here
overnight there's a spoon in there that
was to weigh it down but check this out
you guys
tender fully cooked bacon it's been in
there for about 14 hours it's supposed
to be some of the best bacon we could
ever make and then you just sear it on
one side and you throw it on what you're
about to cook so I'm going to make
myself a BLT sandwich because I've been
craving like seeing myself amazing
oh you did so good huh disregard
and now I have the world's greatest BLT
sandwich I tried some of the bacon and
holy cow it's so tender it is it stringy
or like crunchy you know like baking
it's like stuck and then it doesn't tear
his stuffs incredible so that was a good
idea I'm gonna eat some lunch and wait
for the kids to come home are you ready
to go swear you ready
like a I'm not sure yeah we're you were
right
go for the ticker go for the ticker car
and they keep the kicker's right behind
him anyone so reluctantly all right we
just got to have a swim and we actually
just ate two somewhat great I do feel
like they're kind of getting a little
stagnant they might be a little bored
always been doing this for so long the
cable so just like I don't really moving
forward that to say so I am looking
forward to having our pool back so that
we can really start practicing and maybe
doing a different type of pot to help
move forward and I will see now we're
actually gonna go do something fun
you've been touring a few different
preschool over the past few months we
are pretty sure what we want to do but
I'm going to go to another one now that
I was kind of interested in ryan is
you're going to make it because you've
got me today but if I do like it he'll
come back and look at it with me but
yeah I'm kind of getting excited nervous
it's so like hard think you know
studying involves of school every day it
makes me sad but I'm also excited for
him he's going to enjoy it it'll be
really really interesting and I'm
different changed so the interesting but
yeah so we're going to or one more and
then hopefully we can make a decision
pretty soon here because it's basically
registration campus all right guys it is
time I've been doing this pretty cool
method with Michigan speak litter
message scrimmage again so basically I
mean I don't have to clean the chicken
coop very often I just have to reflect
it and stuff like that but once you hear
yourself to clean around and probably
only been on some kind of agencies now
but I want to show you guys my second
Christmas poverty truck fall out there
next Africa success
Burtie okay guys so this is Pam and I've
always called her the mother everyone
and she has gone for Rudy so what does
that mean exactly she basically is going
to sit there until some eggs hatch she
is ready to be a mom she wants to have
chance so how many eggs are under her
right now probably at least three to
four but I saw a few me up there in
laying next to her and then she wanted
to be maminta the other ones were like
joining in on it well they were just
laying there because they like to lay
their eggs there Oh which is like I
that's another baby to me but none of
them are fertile another fertile none of
our eggs are fertilized because we don't
have a rooster so that's the main
difference so she can sit on those eggs
forever nothing will happen but it also
isn't good to have a breed chicken
if you don't want chicks because bill
will sit there they kind of describe it
as solitary confinement basically she
will sit there until chicks hatch and
that's not good for chicken it can be
kind of depressing and trying to eat she
neither cereal water yeah we either have
to stop her from being broody or we give
her fertile eggs and she can hatch them
and she can kind of take care of them it
is a little bit of a process but I'm
actually kind of down for the process
and I'm kind of excited that she's
broody I've been waiting since for those
of you who don't know what that means
that means we go out purchase fertilized
eggs put them under her they hatch and
we have babies ago we did the whole baby
thing on the channel like a year ago it
could possibly be happening again
what I want to do too is make sure that
she's not going out like I don't get
fertile eggs and she just like teeth oh
I don't wanna do this anymore so we're
going to give her a few days to see if
she's really going to savor you she's
been doing this for like almost 24 hours
straight so I'm definitely interested
and then I didn't work for her yeah for
sure she does oh she's being sweet
destination - can I get some oh thank
you oh I feel egg can I have an egg
please I would like to make avocado
toast and eggs please
no one has so many I'm going to leave
her a couple to take care of but yeah
she will they lay up here and then she
scoops them under her yeah why much nuts
oh my gosh
I did this research to Orpingtons which
is what she is and do you go through you
frequently yeah well how many do you
think she hasn't her no I get you good
thing you're wearing gloves my gosh so
many look how big she is she gets
keeping them warm keeping them warm some
ways I'm kind of down for just like a
couple more
they might not survive other things you
never know yeah what do you guys think
let us know in the comments should we
have more baby chicks should we do this
this is like a big commitment letter
because of mama we could probably handle
two or three more three is totally fine
I wouldn't want it like I've seen people
put like 14 eggs in their second I'm
like okay I'm a little much yeah
so we'll see pretty interesting
discovery Ohan she's like doing it and
she's like a little mama rain I've had
my eggs
if you had to move the chicken so that
we could clean out our area and I've
just come back so we just cleaned out
where yeah I put the eggs back Center it
down and watch if she does minute
oh my god
there's I was so cushy took them all
over her so they're nice and safe and
warm and she's checking to make sure
there's no others around and she they're
all in underneath her I won't move her
for a while now
let her be what do you think it sounds
pretty cool on she was going to pick
them up and carry them yeah she's like
you need to come over here look you got
a nice clean pen now yeah we cleaned all
this out
we're going to lay some new bedding down
for them they'll be fresh some of their
checks well see all right all new fresh
bedding we sweep this and clean it
there's no poop in here so we're gonna
let the girls in and see what they think
there's breathe free what do you think
Angela Susan or hey hey Kelly Oh
Pam's like just stay away from me I'm
taking care of babies
grouchy girl like that yeah she does in
a raptor Meredith yep they're all happy
yeah we see how we open all the windows
we got a good cross Breeze in here so
doesn't get too warm and Pam is just
going to sit there I guess and wait for
some babies that would get us a baby I
think we need to do some kind of a oh
I'm so happy but I will say if the other
girls go broody I probably won't be able
to do the same I can only have so many
chickens I would love to just have like
one so I could in the springtime do
another one and just kind of like slowly
let them like have little babies but I'm
not I don't know what I'm going to do
exactly first like yet but I'm excited I
think it'd be so cool taking it for the
canvas and do like - yeah I got your
nose hon I think I want to do like three
three and one or two might not survive
but at the all three survived that's
totally fine I can have three she's
still checking to make sure there's no
noise and what happens is the girls go
up there and lay next to her and lay
their eggs and then she just feels them
and tuck them under her she's getting
backed up in that corner though all
paranoid yeah she is she's always
checking
and it has been such a good to me that
you guys she's just been hanging out out
back playing with toys cuddling me
kissing plans bet you're good puppy you
know that for sure
hi oh she's so lovey such a lovely dog
aren't you
oh you want that oh you want that Oh you
jump like karma did Carmen called man
now that's my little heart
the boys are out here enjoying the fine
weather playing with toys what are you
doing yeah everything's a gun all right
we got something really cool installed
in our kitchen today
as you can see there's no ugly trash can
fit in there okay wasn't ugly but it was
just like in the way this is like a lot
of the wall yeah let me stick it out
kind of you might plan like with getting
the fridge we want to give out the trash
compactors it really is not working very
well it's just like this never would
never open really now trash we have we
have two drives here it was just this
one so we have an extra drawer for
kitchen towels which is really nice and
underneath check this out guys trash -
trash bags which I owe you my kids oh
yeah and it's electronic so all you have
to do is give it a little nudge it's off
closes and then when you want to open it
you have your hand so we go all the way
this machine and it literally pushes it
all yeah it's pretty neat I love what
they have for kitchens these days and I
know we weren't able to like custom
design our kitchen but I feel like we're
pretty dang close to like what we would
have done you know
I'm not so fin and syndra's like
watching that very intense oh geez I
don't know if he's got the strength to
even scratch because Udo try and open it
yeah like stressed up because it doesn't
open it we just like yeah the dumb trash
compactor it was like a hunk of junk it
wouldn't even open it would just get
stuck can fin do it me that one doesn't
have a knob he might hate him a little
bit longer
he does like suppose things away so he
like he loves it and this one isn't
really one that he can play in too much
let's see see so showing him you need to
learn to teach Ollie all right ollie
let's see if you can do it this is our
new trash can now get into it how do you
gonna do it okay watch mom don't hit it
don't hit it whoa can you do that
all right now close it there you go good
job you gotta give it a little push push
it and open all the way oh yeah my fault
I'll just be very careful when you close
it you can hit your brother there you go
give it a little push Ollie there you go
I'll figure it out eventually I think
you
you
