hey guys before today's vlog starts we
wanted to tell you about something
really cool recently we teamed up with
subway to see what would happen if we
gave Olly the chance to be in charge for
the day yeah so we went along with our
normal day like getting dressed doing
our tours together and then eating at
one of our favorite places subway so go
check out that video the link is down
below in the description box so that you
can see all the funny choices that Olly
made for the day and be sure to comment
on it and tell them that we sent you now
on today's vlog wherever you are that
way ever wanna be that big
is
you're coming all trucks again
with me
good morning
have you been having a good day oh god
oh it's just a little Ollie home here
whatever even milking that one dude
anyways good morning guys by the way
guess what Casas video just without
today about the slime and it is such a
cool video it's so fun all a did you
watch the ante video with the unicorn
slime poop you give it a big thumbs up
Chuck yeah big thumbs up it's pretty
cool
me and her basically go swimming in it
it's really fun if you want to watch it
go check the link down below just walk
our time I'll be boring you looking
outside did you have a nice nap you
slept really good you're retired huh yes
I can just kind of don't ask maybe
she'll stop talking to me oh you're so
cute come on
good mornin a all I guess fun what you
want to see a trick
crazy fidget spinner trick do you think
I can do it okay some mama doing this
are there and I was like ah she's got a
screen so fast it was like let's go like
this watch this oh hey oh is that cool
haha I did it that's really cool here
you try
okay just put your thumb right under it
see his hands are too small to do it
okay put your thumb up hey won't work
good morning gars you like this dragon
this is actually scary-looking dragon
that you're playing with today
it's a tribe really touching
fire-breathing dragon yeah okay whoa
just Lee's car
they're coming for you you do something
bad
oh no push it whew that's pretty good
dude you love that little car it has
been a very busy day in the daily bumps
household today you guys Missy has been
filming a bunch of videos because we're
going to be quite busy for the next week
or two
yeah she's got to shoot a video with
your mom when first time use on the
video with your mom I think Mother's Day
laughter last one like one year no okay
and as you can see they're doing never
have I ever so things might yeah
interesting look who I caught cleaning
the kitchen this little boy loves
swiffering don't you yeah I think it's
okay that the handle is like actually
his size too
he's trying to help you babe yeah mr.
prend gonna clean the floor clean the
whole floor hey don't get all end up
here
bad boy oh he's always such a good
helper what are you doing you're trying
to wink show me how you do it
love all right again not blinking just
wink just one eye ready
how do you blip hi you winged stuck
buzzes all right we had a really
productive productive day I got all my
videos done we got my house clean or
feel pretty good and now we're going to
do something fun we get to pick out some
of the fun features that we're going to
be including into our school remodel
mostly like colors for like concrete
around the pool and like other little
details that we haven't really picked
yet like a really big debate we've been
having is what color we want to do the
inside of the pool so it's going to be
the same type of petal tech but I
personally really like the black dark
color cuz not only number one is it kind
of keep your pool because the Sun is
attracted to the black but to I just
think it looks so slick we went to a
pool and Hawaiian I had it and I thought
it looks so cool but Bryan's argument is
I really like the bright like bright
light blue because it
looks incredible on camera underwater
and not just on camera it really is a
very beautiful color that you just see
and it kind of like pops especially what
happens at dark around the pool line so
I kind of persuaded me to that because
we do have a lot of rock a lot of dark
color going on I kind of do on my pool
to look very bright and blue and fun
yeah the other colors are like three
years we want stay away from green want
to do more like a blue well I thought
Bali yeah we're still talking about that
Ali but I do find kind of making those
decisions but we have a lot more so
we're going to go down to the store and
kind of get some samples of stuff what
do you think just sort of like using
that one to throw stuff away look at
Easter eggs they started doing the fire
bit today rollin yeah and then started
doing roof stuff yeah is you're going to
see them they're going to be like
exposed beam pretty neat huh
it just really like you see the
grandness of it with like the partial
roof already you know pretty nice it's
going to be really nice we got some
really cool tile they have tile light
turtles that you can put on with put a
child in a turtle and it has it has a
shadow I have a shadow on the tile yeah
the tile goes into the pebble tag so it
looks like an actual turtle like on the
body yes yes and it's shadowed on
everything there
I would want to do it on the step I
think oh yeah I like turtles
my babies are all around it because this
wouldn't get sand in place yeah Laurel
solid coral tile I can go up and
starfish tile they had every pet looks
so cool yeah we went a little crazy in
there especially the scavenger hunt who
could buy all five starfish
yeah pretty cool you guys can see
everything coming together
Oh colors name style so in sort of like
same thing yeah it's gonna be pretty
cool it is a beautiful day today and
Brian is cooking some dinner right now
and it's a little bit early to eat so my
guess is who's not ready yet but a
little bit early so I just thought you
had before it what does happen when we
come out here and play then I just
totally body check this kid goodness
Lu and I gotta be a little less crazy
girl she's definitely still a puppy and
she has a hammer collar on he's like I'm
all pop don't mess with me I'm going
crazy
cord karma can get a ball game in drop
it in enough nope oh my goodness look at
this police officer here are you a
police officer
you seem like a bad guy you know you're
not is a good guy where do you think
your brother just went always he went
this way you know where you go this kid
is obsessed with anything with wheels
and if he gets into the front yard he
goes straight for my go-kart it's so
funny can almost guarantee you ease in
it
don't know for sure baby why you come
why is that opening huh good he wasn't
in the go-cart he's in the Polaris how
did you do that okay let me just tell
you what he just did he ran into the
garage from here went straight to the
Polaris then got the keys and pressed
the button that opens up this day he's
like get it mom let's go for a ride
that's so cute I think I decide I have
to actually take him for a ride now
hey Raghava
a little scared to get in but now if you
did pretty happy a subject on karma
tolerance okay
I think we'll go get the veil and maybe
take a look around the block no no is
that a fun little ride
we just went on a fun ride and she did
so good now I don't think she can get
out come on hop out come on girl hook up
come on come on
she's like I'm too scared here they go
hop out come on girl come on oh my
goodness
silly Oh Karma's beckon okay I surely
just brought some package up because
this got dropped off it's been taking it
back down Finley's J bring it back up
here you silly boy
to me he's like mom it was down here for
a reason
oh my gosh hey Finn come on No
where are you going with that come here
silly boy now I carry you up to where
you came in you still the police officer
alright guys so I am in the kitchen
getting some food ready Missy is putting
the kid's in a shower right now to get
them ready for bed I actually just
pulled out a very delicious looking at
meatloaf out of the oven so I'm hoping
that's good I don't make me a little too
often like the last two times I made it
was pretty dang good so I had a
hankering for it and tonight I am also
cooking some bacon in the sous vide I'm
going to do this overnight you guys and
in the morning they said you have the
best they can ever so really excited
about that
they said it makes it like really tender
and not stringy cooked all the way
through obviously and then you just sear
it on one side and it's ready to go cuz
bacon always takes forever to cook so
doing it in the Susie tonight we're
gonna see how that is tomorrow made for
breakfast or BLT sandwiches for lunch
all right it is Vinny's bed time and he
is going to read himself a little story
Wow Iria dr. Sood dr. Seuss a Cat in the
Hat yes it is definitely Finn spend time
but you always like always taking the
traffic all right it's time for bed and
he'll run he'll just like go sit on this
chair like nice I love you buck
oh that cool anyways I'm gonna go ahead
and put in the bed I am like so
exhausted today oh it's been a busy busy
day I didn't wanna let you guys know
again it makes you a check out Cassie's
video because really really funny okay
come on Finn time for bed I got your
blankie and we're ready
hey Olli you know what time it is do you
know what time it is
you don't know he knows what time it is
you guys look outside Olli almost
bedtime
I would say it's about bedtime even
wanna play Superman see now he's trying
to redirect the first level is denial
and then it's redirection and then it's
normally crying after that pit these are
the levels of getting a toddler to go to
sleep right you tired
tell me what you did today I pray the
pain you played with Peyton oh no no
it's fine she can work for a little bit
huh why are you here dude am i you yeah
chalky he's onto me you guys he's onto
me
chalky you want some chocolate I'll give
you a little piece I make a brush your
teeth might help okay ah bad dog
basically heh mom get this to you oh
yeah yeah thanks for watching guys we'll
see you manana
Ollie what do we say bye he's like side
boob he doesn't have time for my boob
tonight
okay bye Boop
you
