look at a home of these chip these chips
what's big ya cookin I think if they say
anywhere two houses so I don't know
which one it is
wherever you are that's where ever wanna
be hop inside
Oh
just funning around never those
coming all just again
good morning Ali now show me your outfit
cost you what is going on here with your
outfit did you get dressed all by
yourself now that that was you know that
was not me
how did this happen what happened here
that because you have pottyin and you
just got yourself dressed they are both
inside out and backwards someone could
be sent below that's how you wanted it
so you planned it like that you are so
funny I like it it look like a typical
three year old good morning uh is yes
Ali went potty and he got himself
dressed I think it's kind of adorable
though he hasn't gone dressed for the
day though so I think it's okay but I
actually put a spin down for a nap and
he woke up it's only he's lemon down for
maybe like 40 minutes so I'm super
bummed I'm gonna go try and put him back
down but it's not the good news is is
that he'll then get a second next won't
go too late so oh thank you I've got my
sword I got my tool and it's time to the
fight cool oh okay all right you guys
it's time to get Ollie dressed for the
day but he's kind of refusing until we
have a sword fight so this is just what
happens when you have boys sometimes you
have to have a daily sword fight to get
them into their clothes whoa whoa whoa
whoa you have gotten so good at sword
fighting where'd you learn all that
you're also I've really gotten good at
downsizing little boy sorry oh right now
he's putting fire at me you will get
dressed today okay you are my prisoner
and you will get dressed today okay
sometimes you just can't win okay oh
yeah
got some clothes Raleigh I say cars
underwear Google cars or Batman cars
underwear our Batman underwear
okay we do Batman underwear see what you
got in here for bottoms like these
shorts those are cool what shirt you
want to wear today ollie that's a high
fuel the pirate tiger yeah that's
interesting remember buying those for
you
oh mama must have just got it recently
so has H&M tag on it stuff all right
we'll do that one
ty you do ladies and gentlemen oh hello
there mr. Finnegan how was your
20-minute nap he is up for the day so we
are headed out of the house with the
boys but he isn't a good mood right you
two give me what you see toy case a toy
no I always sit in your car seat buddy
I know a little backyard update before
we leave all of the stone came in for
the outdoor barbecue and it is starting
to be placed on check this out it looks
so nice oh it's going to be stone all up
the columns and all along underneath the
bar on each side the roof is also nearly
done they have all of that done and then
they put boards on top of that and then
like the clay she goes on top of that
they also got the little tile pieces in
the pool and we also put in some random
fun tiles too and there's going to be
plaster all around that but still
waiting for them to plaster the inside
of the pool coming along though I'm so
excited for the big reveal
hey we are now headed to the speed stars
that's the hole
Sam and I just know my head has chickens
under her and they're about to hatch
probably the next day or two and I
started to think I want to keep them
with the other chickens but they kind of
have to be separated for a little while
because I don't know how the old or
chickens are going to react they might
try and pick on them or actually could
kill them so I have to keep them
separated for just like a little while
until I feel like they're going to be
okay but hopefully also depending how
Pam is pans to be protective of them or
if she doesn't really care
yeah well I don't have to but I want her
to be like their mom and like take care
of them so I want her to be able to stay
with the chicks I want them to be in the
coop so the other chickens can see them
and stay like connected with Pam and
other great your wishes saying we can
have chicks by tomorrow I know a thunder
like lob a bait we're not baby soon yeah
so funny yeah I really good I'm really
really excited I think that Pam has been
amazing and so I do think that they're
going to be for in a sooner rather than
later
yeah yes let's go find some fun stuff a
ton though look at a home of these
chicks what's big yes Cochin I didn't
say say anywhere to have those so I
don't know which one it is maybe the
black one yes you say you have baby
chicks at home what do you think then
you ear was in his mouth you want to see
he's like a little more scared alright
we need a big old bag of chick starter
what is this for
on Kickstarter food and this one's
Medicaid cuts all our proteins and
vitamins all in it this is what they eat
Bobby open the one benefit that we are
by separating the tricks and the older
hemp is that then the hens don't have to
enter started if the chicks are eating
with the hens are eating all of y'all
and ASB chicks burger yeah
which might fill down their production
yeah so what happens just our chicks
separate on this stuff there's poop on
you you know that coupon you check
yourself
all right you guys we just got back from
the food store and Missy's been watching
the little camera inside
she says that Pam isn't acting really
really weird so we're going to go check
and see what's happening under
are they looking it's cracking I'm gonna
put it back babe I start moving
hey I feel it moving inside so Pam
probably feels the baby's moving and
it's like freaking out right now like
what are you doing oh my gosh the eggs
are cracking you guys
so the blue Cochin totally feel it it's
like a real-life Hachem all oh my god
let me get out here in like look at that
you guys
it's totally cracking oh that's
incredible
we're gonna babies tomorrow no yaar holy
my baby shot I really think so
she wants me to feel it oh it's so warm
oh my gosh that's crazy
yes it's moving I totally missed it what
we heard it little baby chick can you
hear it just like that was so loud
okay she's freaking out I put tents
under me I need to get out here he needs
to hear this this is so cool
I can easy it oh my gosh there's a baby
chick about to come out of that you guys
Susan accidentally went in the coop
beast be careful put that lady back did
they get out of there no she's so nosy
go that's a great light and time I can't
go yet this is like the coolest thing
ever I have to tell oli oli guess what
there is a real-life hot ball outside
yes those chicken eggs that Sam's been
sitting on one of them has a little
crack in it and you can hear the baby
inside the egg you want to go see ya you
wanna see a baby chicken
yep it's in the egg still in America a
new time feel inside okay ha maybe this
hard one if I hold it Susan and you'll
feel the baby yeah
taking care and listen to get hey oh
please what it's not amazing oli there's
a baby in there yeah I can feel her just
going crazy in it that's pretty amazing
huh we might have baby chicks tomorrow
excited so now that we know it is nearly
time Missy is going to put a new little
area on this side of the coop so that
the chicks can be with Pam and B how
about the room and be separate house I
didn't check smells really the first one
I pulled out yeah oh my name is Melanie
seems like there's movement it's crazy
there's a percentage that are fertilized
there's a percentage that are going to
be hatched and then there's a percentage
of hair going to survive that so we may
not have hopefully we have chicks up at
the end of those math is on our side
because we have a lot of them but I'm
hoping that some make it so that we can
have little baby chicks but I guess
we'll have to find out tomorrow all
right Missy fashioned this together got
netting on it so the chickies can't get
out normally a octagon 10-4 puppies make
it took three sides of it right oh yeah
some of it and then I attached the mesh
current so that they can't get out cool
you trap boys in it make it a little boy
pen we'll move it into the coop Susan is
still bothering Pam just can't learn
your lesson Kenya Susan is an adult
always perfect
now we are zip tying the end right into
the wood that's handy yeah this is
really nice this is very like secure and
they'll still be with the head so
they'll be able to look at each other
and kind of interact not too much we
stand up our stuff in there yeah I mean
I totally covered it in fresh stuff for
them that way I can easily pull it apart
sweep everything out and put it back to
tie it to zero the only I'm worried
about is the top
technically the chickens can get in here
yeah so girl I might just be like a
little temporary top that I suppose
moving the bar a chance to look up one
more time to think that a good look this
one I could feel moving yeah can you
feel this one I can see this one
crashing from the inside yeah I'm so
cool dad you see it everything just go
home and when you hold it you can feel
it moving color because you're it's her
dad and her detachable yesterday's
iPhone is everyone have any nervous let
me think you betta back on them baby can
you walk on them
alright now what we got to do is wait
right I think tomorrow I'll have at
least one we'll see we got their food
and water off said I've got a heat lamp
in here she's doing her job again we're
gonna move this nest cam to right in
there so we can monitor it all night
Ryan is cooking us up some yummy chicken
and excited I'm actually so hungry I
feel like I've been like working all day
we were able to finish everything on the
coop it's got a little niche so it was
awesome I'm so excited so so excited I'm
going to have baby chicks here soon and
I'm so sorry you guys do get to be like
kind of watching the process and
everything I you better believe I'm
going to have that phone with the camera
on all night long watching to see if I
see a chick I suspect that even after it
hatches is just going to sit under her
so we'll probably see a lot more in the
morning but what's up you weren't in a
movie what is this show Oh scary
oh is this a vampire show it is getting
late now Finn's already in bed this
one's next
and then I'm next so I think we're gonna
go ahead and end the vlog make sure you
get today's video a big thumbs up and
we'll see you guys tomorrow for hatching
day all right Ellie what do you say
thumbs up and say buddy
did you say bye boobs no okay ready Oh
what happened oh my god I feel like he's
growing out of the boob high a lady says
he's ready to do it
ready
you
