within the next like year or so your
teeth are gonna start falling out
oh yeah are you ready for school you got
your share your sure thing he's got a
picture and Papa isn't it cuz his letter
is ha ha no what do letter B P P good
morning guys we're off to school and I
am like on a good mama roll today he has
a jacket Wow which it's not even s
coldest the other day but she's nice and
warm that's good huh and he's got his
shared a toy and I even brought back his
clean sheets and blankets I just stopped
oli off and yeah he did really good
Sunday's like like just last a couple
times that I dropped him off he actually
has been crying and just really like
attached to me but today he did great I
think he's cause he's excited for what
we're doing later which is going to see
it dentists and I did not think he'd be
excited about it but I like really made
it seem exciting and it's now he's
really excited I want to show you like
look at how cute this is yeah this is
one of his crush that he did her this
thing that is so cute definitely hanging
this up I had to show you this as well
as you guys might know I had terrible
eyesight as a kid and as until I was
like 25ish like it was bad that it was
bad enough that I mean I couldn't see
the big E and I actually ended up
getting LASIK or a type of LASIK to fix
my eyes and it was legit the best
decision I've ever done in my entire
life because it has completely changed
how I am like it's just the craziest
thing but anyways I know that I don't
think my kids are gonna have good vision
either my dad has terrible vision my my
brother and my sister have just as bad
terrible vision although my mom
surprisingly has almost perfect vision
and brian has definitely perfect vision
they actually did a vision test at to
his school and right now as of 4 years
old he has 20/20 vision yay I think
that's really cool I'm like I don't know
how long that's gonna last but he's
right now has 20/20 vision he doesn't
have like any color blindness and stuff
which I think my dad actually may have
some colorblindness I'm kind of looking
at this going like I'm gonna frame this
because we don't know how long he's
gonna have 20/20 vision form and who
knows maybe he will end up having his
downsize and not have terrible visions
but it does seem extremely genetic and
my brother and sister have very very bad
eyesight as well as I did
I tell you this my kids do have bad
eyesight and once they can are reached
an age usually over 18 and it their
eyesight level I'm getting them this
LASIK because it has changed my life
like the fact that I can see without
having to put anything in my eyes in the
fact I can go to bed without taking
stuff out of my eyes and touching my
eyes it's amazing I am back at the
horsey store and I had just like about
30 minutes but my my main thing is that
I need to get you new bit for him he
does not like the bit that's in his
mouth right now and so I'm gonna look
around for some options and I also need
to grab a couple other things I always
forget what I need but I love this store
because it just has everything that you
could possibly think of for horse of and
it's not super close so when I drop off
Ollie I like to to go through it yeah
I'm just looking at some cultures the
one he has it's a little big it's kind
of a smaller horse so I'm gonna see if
they have something smaller for him
hopefully it'll fit him
I had a blast at the horse store and I
bought all kinds of fun stuff I bought
it a few new bits and about a bear back
and some really cool stuff and now I'm
actually headed to Finley's dentist
appointment they both have a dentist
appointment today and actually made them
separately because Ollie the last few
times they've been in the dentist has
it's been very traumatizing and he's
always really sad and cries and I really
want Finn to go for his first on this
appointment and have a good experience
and not have like his brother to
influence how he should act at the
dentist so I'm hoping he's good and then
what seems like a crazy surprise this
morning when I told him that the dentist
wanted to see his really really clean
teeth he's really excited for the
dentist now so I'm really I'm really
happy that he's excited and I'm excited
to see how he does so we have separate
appointments I'm gonna take him first
go get I'll even take him
we'll look where we're gonna be at the
dentist you have a house - cool thank
you show me your teeth
can you brush him say ah
tell him to brush his teeth look at you
he's a little cowboy you're going so -
Oh fine cream jockey me doing so good
and then your brother did it okay thank
you
what do you say Finn Finley Jay you did
amazing did he brush your teeth and you
were so good you guys stick her oh I'm
sure he got all kinds of goodies
he's got stickers he got some toothpaste
a little toy I seriously I'm so proud of
him my ollie was a lot different for his
first um dentist appointment Ben was
just awesome
so proud of him good job bud you gotta
tell Ollie how good you did huh all
right we got Ollie are you excited for
your dentist appointment yeah I was just
telling him that Finn went and he did so
good
are you proud of your brother toy yeah
he got a little toy always excited about
all that so he kept it he got a few cool
things so now it's your turn I'm so
excited so he's gonna brush her teeth
and he's gonna look at it with a little
mirror give me super easy kay yeah I'm
so excited I think Brian I think daddy's
gonna meet us there too okay alright so
I never met up with Missy and the boys
who are currently playing in this
Playhouse
hi ollie did you hear Finn did so good
at his first dentist appointment
what that's so cool are you excited for
today's appointment only yeah yeah the
dentist is fun look at all this cool
stuff
this is actually a really cool place
they have this awesome little lighthouse
I'm not gonna swing and oh is that for
me thank you thank you so yeah I'm very
interested to see how all he does today
this is only his second dentist
appointment the first day I'm actually
really hungry because I did not have
lunch today oh thank you thanks ollie
that's pretty good
what's this pizza chicken n pizza one
bite Apple oh okay
ooh bacon thanks boys boys are keeping
eat blood Ollie you are sitting in a
spaceship dude how cool is that and
they're gonna get him some sunglasses
look they've got Disney stuff up there
but your son guys not me take a picture
yeah there you go
and get my mirror kind of like when you
eat Bali's see you don't get food all
over your shirt we used to come out your
teeth did you know that should we count
them for mommy eight one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten on that
top Wow so 10 plus 10 is 20 so when dr.
Young comes and asks you how many teeth
a puppy or 20 teeth okay does that sound
like a lot that's a lot of teeth to take
care of they look really nice it looks
like you guys have been doing a nice job
taking out of bounds
so that went pretty good but I have one
question Ollie how many cavities do you
have what that's awesome
no cavities ever we don't eat cavities
right oh yeah I got a little lizard well
we are at Starbucks and uh boys I get
and cake pops good job at the dentist
today boys I'm so proud of you guys
I was starving so I had to get one of
those little box sandwiches things
by them
and
be blogging hey Cory that's awesome okay
I'll hold it I'll hold it so we can show
them the lizard no no you hold the
camera
hey Luna you wanna meet a new friend and
look at this lizard toy we are home now
we just fed the boys and ourselves we
have quite a productive day - dentist
appointments babe it's pretty good okay
the boys are gonna go through their
little goodie bags that they got from
the dentist today so let's go ahead and
see what you guys got kay Finn's already
gone through his you got some flaws
which the doctor said he is just too
little teeth right in front that are
really close and so I already am
flossing them but typically kids teeth
are really spaced out that's the only
one I have to fly and then oh and then
there's a toothbrush so we got some
toothpaste and he also got some flaws
and he's the doctor said that I actually
don't floss his teeth because they're
all really spaced out but the doctor
said that his back molar teeth are
little closer together so I'm gonna
start flossing those ones and then you
know what the doctor said
Ollie got in the next within the next
like year or so your teeth are gonna
start falling out
it's okay but pistol is totally normal
you know how live has missing teeth yeah
cuz she her teeth fall out and then you
get your big kid you get like mommy
teeth when you grow up but anyways yeah
their teeth look really good no cavities
no sugar bugs yeah the doctor was so
proud of you guys they got all their
goodies oh yeah and all like also got
this awesome Mickey Mouse
toothbrush do you want to use that one
tonight yeah anyways we had a very busy
day our puppies missed us quite a bit
did give me a charge muna yes we did yep
you missed us yep yep that's what that
means but we're gonna go ahead and end
taste video we are gonna hurry up and
get to bed cuz we're all exhausted right
right boys right
so anyways give this video a big thumbs
up if you enjoyed it did you have fun
with Dennis yeah there was a big puzzle
let us know down below how do you guys
like the dentist some people don't love
the dentist and some people don't mind
them and you know there is nothing to be
afraid of at the dentist huh cuz they
are so nice but anyways I hope you guys
enjoyed the video and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
by
you
