why are kids so cute oli is bringing
Finn over here now does he mean clicky
and always making friends everything
thank you all
whatever you oh that's clever wanna be
inside
just one never knows
coming all our trucks again
you're with me
good morning penny I missed you buddy
how's it going this morning oh yeah okay
good morning guys excuse my crazy hair I
just woke up Finn is such a good either
he already ate his breakfast now I used
to play on the playground pom he is not
messing around
he is playing and I've noticed this past
couple of days that he will sit down for
longer amount of time and just play with
toys and my tinker with them and move
them around and set him up places he on
the car too
it's cool I remember when I always
started doing this and we're like he's
playing he's not just making a mess
cause you know most kids just making
that but he's actually playing it's
pretty cool
we had some old school cartoons on what
are we watching alley oop a Peter Pan
and we're eating some breakfast Ollie
has oatmeal and Missy just made me
french toast and it looks amazing and it
smells amazing baby so thank you
you guys this little boy it's so full
energy distorted room John you he found
you specific he's been like hiding
where's Finny
haha and he always turns the lights on
and off - booger booger look at that
belly
look at that very quick casual game of
egged on egg roulette nothing in there
no okay you're trying to see one good
pick one well once my clothes right over
there Jai Alai you pack it on his head
this - I like crack that one on his head
okay all you didn't get wet at all oh
yeah do you like that game she certainly
liked this game so much if you haven't
seen us play this as a family be sure to
check that part in the corner and watch
that video because it was pretty sick
and funny you didn't even get to get wet
dude you got good luck today
all right you guys today is a get out of
the house kind of day so we are packing
a little picnic basket we're going to
find a park and let the kids play and
have fun and so we packed this thing
with all the essentials yes okay so
we've got paper towel mm-hmm and a
blanket blanket Uncrustables for the
kids so easy they like them we've got a
big old donut box container with
strawberries and blueberries carrot I'm
gonna go see more fruit oranges and
bananas fruit snacks obby yeah I'm doing
dream kit is it like all the essentials
but we do need something for dessert so
I was thinking how about we bring the
world's largest gummy bear look at the
thing and I also have two of the world's
largest gummy worms these are so cool
you guys we found this when we were at
the candy store yesterday in LA I was
like I have to get this because it's so
cool it's 6,000 calories for this gummy
bear so what four ways that's not that
bad realize the kids are like two bites
of it and then we pop that yeah because
it was just yeah mess with their heads
but I thought it'd be fun to unpack
these and get to see what they look like
so we are putting these in the picnic
basket oh no is our picnic busing up
enough
there you go let the smell like a lot
that's a bee flower kill mama we have to
do oh my god flat for you good price
applo yeah give me the best flowers
thank you and he's off to the playground
alright kiddo got you a PB and J I got
to cheese hey dude hey you want to drink
that's a lemonade here we give one to
fin thanks buddy
why are kids so cute oli is bringing
spent over here now cause he needs to
eat and always making new friends and
everything thank you all then why don't
you to sit with us buddy and eat it's
got a massive strawberry right there
hey we were at the park on a picnic wind
winds blowin and whoa you wouldn't hurt
us yeah so we thought why don't we take
all our gummies back home so that we can
show you guys oh it's bigger than your
head look hold your head up
did you guys have fun at the picnic yeah
a play yeah it was a beautiful day too
yeah yeah nope not windy okay so we have
this is you guys the world's largest
gummy bear hey Ellie before we open this
up I'm gonna tell you some really cool
facts okay so any listening so this
gummy bear is bigger than most
chihuahuas but a lot quieter big enough
to photobomb seriously and it's going to
take some sharp teeth and massive claws
to get through this sucker like I said
earlier this thing is 6,000 calories
okay
let's rip this baby open I'm so excited
to see what it feels like it is so heavy
guys like I carry this all throughout
the leg in my backpack
yeah because easy to make area and
really cool so in my case help aware
like container they probably just mean
almost smell it smell it you smell it
like that
take the lid off does it yes oh goodness
gracious me oh my you ready
the world don't eat it yet the world's
largest gummy bear only do you believe
that yeah you do
smell it no I put the smaller it kind of
like carry just moisture you're good
oh I'm so strong this wrong I am I
really came fancies away from it check
it out you guys
world's largest gummy bear we're going
to try that but let's open up the
world's largest gummy worm for
these are the world's largest armed well
yeah that's crazy and that yeah oh my
look at that you guys
world's largest gummy worms this thing
is 4,000 calories which is crazy because
it doesn't seem like it's even at all
more jumpy than the other one it's
probably Center that is so not what to
fill it okay go ahead and take a bite
small bite okay I'll wait over about
some key okay what do you think thank
you good oh honey you guys let us know
in the comments below
are we just really really small or these
gummies really big all he just wanted to
eat it ah all in that cool yeah alright
all he's going to try and hold the gummy
bear how heavy is it is it super gummy
having a little baby
I'm like yeah alright always in try it
you took a bite of the red or the blue
take a bite of the red oh it seems
easier to bite into the snake yeah it's
definitely like a softer kind of gummy
which is interesting
hazing is so funny
take a bite can you get it Finn give it
a kiss ah ah that cool dude egg the
whole much gummy like that's just a
massive right and okay I really actually
do want to try the gummy worm the gummy
worms are like soft and it smells so
sweet so I'm gonna take a little bite
that's definitely different way
different isn't a snake I think I'm like
a hard layer on the outside yeah they're
like structure so it's wishy and gooey
what do you think oli how does it taste
it tastes really good
nice yeah yeah you like the blue or the
red the blue the Blues like a blue
raspberry what about you then have you
tried this one my god those are some
shoppers yeah if you guys want to watch
us unbox some more gummy stuff be sure
to check that I card in the corner so
that you can watch us opening a very
giant gummy snake but that was so cool
dude we got to eat the lot world's
largest gummy worm and gummy bear not
cool okay oh look at all that other
gummy stuff they make that's so neat
yeah the kids are coming here to enjoy
anything and it's gonna flop is any time
in a gummy laughing that is very good
what you got did actually
that's what do eggs not for games from
the chicken coop 19 thank you got to
plan hatched yet not yet two more days
at least now it could be like anywhere I
think from one to two three four days
yeah for those of you don't know how the
video in the iCard but Missy's hen is
sitting on some eggs and I just realized
this is my favorite blanket so thanks
for that got chicken juice all over it
now though which is going to look into
these eggs and see if anything's
happening yeah right here on that eggs
the 8a that to lavender americanas or
green to red silkies and the blue Cochin
and go ahead and time to cans a nap
hopefully most of them have made it
all right I just candle of it was really
hard for me to get out on camera I think
Brian's a lot better with the cameras
laughter I did it it was awesome but I
will say that every single one that was
a live last time is still alive I saw
movement
I saw veins I saw a chicken so all these
ones this one has a question mark on it
because last time I checked it it was
just bright like a bulb and it still is
I'm very confident now that it was just
never even fertile it actually just has
a yellow yo-yo contend it's just like a
regular egg this one was fertile and now
definitely didn't make it and I don't
think it made it even that's why I put
the question mark on it it's just
sloshing like the stuff is just kind of
like broken blood vessels stuff like
that so this one's not alive I'm still
gonna put it under her I don't know if I
not was under I don't know it's not I
know it's not going to do anything but I
kind of just want to put it under her
maybe that's her stuff yeah I think I
still have six solid chickens here that
I'm really good I'm happy with it and
you know I honestly don't know how many
will make it after that because I feel
like okay
chicks just kind of don't make it all
the time so that's exciting
what are you doing only and what are you
doing then trying to get into the
cookies yeah you would be odd Yohann can
you figure it out try and open it I want
to see if we can figure it out he
actually even opened the cupboard and
grabbed himself a little paper plate
like I'm gonna use this from her the
cookies he opened it to eat you figure
it out he's like there look
Hey Dude you ready to set sail for sleep
I thought the book said Ben are you
ready to set sail for sleep yeah we had
such a fun day with these boys on our
picnic and got to try some crazy giant
gummy candy but we're gonna end today's
vlog I hope you enjoyed it if you did be
sure to give it a thumbs up - thumbs up
somos haha thanks for watching we'll see
you manana thanks can you say bye Boop
try it
say bye can you do it bye
you
