this is always new thing whoa good job
dude that's our little performance
artist in the middle store right now my
three year old looks cooler than me you
guys I don't get it wherever you are
that's where I wanna be big
this is wrong
just whatever so yeah
Eleonora
you
ah
good morning guys
say good morning me and Brian and Ollie
are all headed to LA for a fun little
meeting and Finn is actually going to go
hang out with Natalia and Pitkin I
actually think Peyton's babysitting
today's you guys will have to go check
out their vlog to see what is going on
we're going to let him hang out there
just for like some of the day and then
my mom and dad will probably take over
and hang out in the rest of the day but
we are trying to get out of the house
we're supposed to leave here oh we have
10 more minutes to get out of the house
so we're on schedule but I still have to
get loot inside get her her breakfast
mr. karma you need blackfist you I got a
few things I got to do oh yeah a good
morning
hello and good morning guys we are now
at the Johnston's house because we are
dropping off Finn
Peyton I heard you're gonna babysit Finn
today yeah all right well if you guys
want to see how peyton does babysitting
Finn today be sure to check out the
Johnston's fans Channel I'll have it in
the iCard up in the corner so you can
click it
hey Finn be a good boy okay he's already
rearranging where the shoes go then you
have fun while we go to our meeting okay
can I have a hug oh there's my bear hug
see she's already doing a good job
Oh is he allowed to be on the table
tight in all right we're a store biggest
meeting and actually we're the truck and
I'm in the back seat with all industrial
Briner in the front Hey
and all he's actually watching Lion King
right now which I'm jealous but yeah
we're kind of excited because this is
the first time we are bringing Holly to
kind of a big ski and wondering how he
did it do you never know with the 3 year
old she might be totally cool and he
might totally freak out all right bud so
what how do you think you're going to do
at this meeting good are you going to
ask them all the hard questions
yeah yeah what are you gonna ask them
say like what kind of candy you got from
Sean I always say what's in it for me
yeah
say what's in it for me listen I think
you can do that I think they're actually
going to kind of like him and kind of
enjoy having some kids personality in
our meeting so sweet fun hey dude how
was the drive wasn't that bad huh
you like daddy's Park job check this out
you guys this is what it's like taking a
truck to LA it's like barely in the spot
it's so funny yeah what number is that -
and what's next to it oh no I'm sweet 3
good job that's a 23 all right we're all
done with our meeting and we are now in
Santa Monica a little bit locked yeah I
like where are we okay buddy we are
headed to lunch the meeting went really
good all he did so good
he literally shook their hand he played
with play-doh on the table and it went
really good
yeah it was really really cool so now we
are headed to boom bombing this is right
way don't steer me wrong turn around
we're looking for an umami burger
because those are like only in LA where
we are so trying to find that so we can
get some lunch and then maybe go to
something fun with Ollie's
we made it
Hey
for those of you guys who don't know
this is my name Jeffrey's happy place
always mommy
burgers fries look at the thrilled
cheese that all I got that he will not
touch
he is so hangry right now and he will
not eat his grilled cheese oh well
toddler life how does that burger love
it truffle burger the collective great a
place I myself I can meet into this just
finished eating lunch and now we at 3rd
Street Promenade look at that that is so
cool huh look at that that is amazing
you guys it's like metal and plan and a
little fountain what do you think of
that bro not cool you want to see that's
a big dinosaur huh yeah what kind of
dinosaur is that it has three horns on
its head so what kind of dinosaur is it
first a Glock yeah and look at there's
one over here dude I believe that that
one is a stick so rest let's come to the
Stegosaurus roe Wow look at this
Stegosaurus you guys oh it's not I think
it's supposed to look like one but it's
not exact
he's like a Stegosaurus his mouth don't
look like that that's like a half eagle
half Stegosaurus
maybe an Allosaurus
oh no yo there's a puppy lots of doggies
ha
bro I just realized it's a skull yeah
that's crazy
we're inside the converse store right
now and Geoffrey's kind of geeking out
that is so cool though they have this
wall where it's a skull trying to find
all a jacket that one's a little too big
yeah they have all oh now we're buying
it we have found a candy store you guys
you have you're like a kid in the candy
store aren't you
look at Lego unicorn boobs lollipop
after you do their candy Legos you want
one I'm going to put it in a bag yes and
II did what you find the giant Hershey's
kiss ha he's so close to the COTC onc a
nd why and he hasn't realized it yet
what's down there only check out what
Olli found in the candy shop a little
Hershey's guys not a little Hershey's
bottle is it and what do you got around
your neck candy candy necklace hey Olli
can I have a bite I can't like that it's
no big you love that this is always a
new thing whoa good job dude he's like
Michael Jackson that's our little
performance artist in the middle of
store right now
whoa Oh too far dude too far my
three-year-old is cooler than me you
guys I don't get it
that is a big bubble can you get it oh
it's gonna pop in the window
Oh
we have been having such a fun day
hanging out with just oli here and
outright I think it's really important
to spend time with each kid individually
so it's been really fun just to get to
like whoa check that out dude what is
that oh that's a very big long neck huh
that's so cool get that one
lots more dinosaur what is it oh really
oh really you know all the names don't
you yeah it's pretty cool they have all
these different dinosaur sculptures
around here oh it smells so good I think
this is what it's outside of our house
you smell it smells good huh you don't
like it does not smell like poop almost
good aquarium find us beneath the
carousel touch a sea star let's go let's
go check it out I know that's so cool we
are now on the pier headed to the
aquarium pop-up text Edison said that we
really have to go to the aquarium so
that all it can catch a sea star I know
it's a merry-go-round in there
up in the meal oh my gosh guys look at
that meal it's kind of like a sea snake
yeah no it's a eel can you say eel eel
eel what all he is looking at you I
might be do you want to touch Ali's
number you can touch it yeah whoo
squishy touch it dude that's my boy that
cool
are you touching that see sir let me see
yeah what do you think of that Olli cool
is that a shark whoa all you know what
kind of shark that is it's a tiger shark
the baby
look at these leopard shark that's what
I'm at yeah you know what those are
whatever those jellyfish that's right
yeah we found actual shark there's a big
shark ah
what'd you find
oh my gosh those are so close where's
the horse day these are so cool
and you doing
and then we were home huh yeah we were
gone all day weren't we
it's just what happens when we have
meetings or trips to LA just becomes an
all-day thing barely even got to hang
out with Finn today I feel so bad I miss
the little guy
yeah but make sure that you guys go
check out the Johnson family you can see
his little adventure that he had today
picking one and today's vlog because
we're home and we're type well hope you
enjoyed today's vlog be sure to give it
a thumbs up subscribe and we'll see you
manana I love you buddy
thanks for being such a good boy say bye
Oh
