all a liquid in Papa's Lucas improper
pocket hey by golly you like okay
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
big time
Oh
just wandering around
come you down come again I am
come to every
good morning guys
wow you guys are all playing so nice
Holly are you having fun with your
friends yeah yeah you were so excited he
woke up he's like cheston's out there
and he was so excited huh you guys are
being so good I'm so proud of you
yeah oh no I got a little crack right
there let me see oh it does look like a
little are we but I think it's okay oh I
think Finn's challenging you to a sword
fight good morning guys
so we have a very special guest joining
us this morning this is Elise from my
cupcake addiction and we are not making
cupcakes we're going to be making
something just as colorful this morning
her husband joining us and then we have
six boys in this house now what's up
kiddos we got thing 1 and thing 2 right
big gun ha so all the boys have been
playing and we have six boys here now
that's crazy
are you enjoying all the boys you get to
play like a big kid so in honor of Elise
being here for my cupcake addiction we
are going to be making something
colorful and fun and if you guys go
check out her channel I'll have a link
down below in description you'll see
just as many colorful fun amazing things
I saw those dr. Seuss cupcakes you did
see was that that was amazed because we
just did Seuss land in Universal
yes you have to you have to visit it she
has some amazing content on her channel
but now this morning we are going to
create some rainbow pancakes of our own
breakfast color craziness and sleeve is
better than yo-yo cassava yeah this is
more like a burger patty slipper this is
definitely a great pancake I gotta get
me one of those looks like it's put the
logo block
all right we have all of our connections
rather pre-made and to do all the
different colors we have six fold here
and I'm just going to scoop a little bit
about our out put them in the bowl and
then we start the fun part which is just
going to move my ladle plop right there
pull it up enough for two pancakes okay
help me Elise you're my only hope
I'll just have I need to make purple
okay all right with that purple we're
going to do a combination of red and
blue definitely get a rat it's rainbow
we want a lot of color that's what's
going to get max bright gorgeous
thanking all those look like black all
those I glad yes mostly red yeah ideas
on Yasuda blue yeah let me just stare at
heart oh it's not looking good oh good
little purple coming out you see I just
IRA I actually think the pink could
could had that look after honest when we
got going on the end do not look yummy
that's for sure okay yummy that's the
thing is oli loves pancakes but I do not
know if he would eat rainbow pancakes do
you think you would the color walk not
really oh really really picky that nope
you're it
yeah I'm down a little more blue yeah
I'm all good just a little darker it's
getting this Elise made the most
beautiful beautiful beautiful purple for
me thank you
alright now on yes
alright Olli what is your favorite food
of all time in the whole wide world
I'm painting black cake that's right
guess what we're making today pancake
but not just any pancakes we are making
rainbow pancakes you know all these
colors all in one pack up close get my
coloring the greatest hopeful that's
will blue yellow oh the kind of red Wow
maybe to add a little more red to it I
don't know what do you think all I think
it's gonna be cool we see how it turns
out rainbow Pancake yeah you're gonna
eat up yeah that's my boy alright let's
get to making
you
what do you think ollie they look yummy
my exams
alright I'm laying the lap times on top
here get ready and we have our red they
look ready get our way they're pretty
red actually oh my god what do you think
ollie
what do you think dude take on this
pancake you want to eat them okay but
don'tdon't respects it's a little they
are phenomenal thank you for your help
it wonder you I will never be able to
get that purple careful careful
oh is that pretty cool Jackson hey are
those such colorful pancakes
at least we've done amazing job you did
I will here I would not be able to make
something as colorful and fun as us if
she wasn't here right now you guys this
looks incredible
I just bought the papal you donate
everything else all you're so excited
too easy so we are about to dig in but
huge thanks to Elise for hanging out
here with her boys and our whole family
it was lovely getting to meet men hang
out and you guys should definitely go
subscribe to her I'll have an I card up
here and down below in the description
so you can see lots of colorful things
like this cover on her channel Lorraine
Marie and you Hey
yeah oh oh yes she's doing safari theme
pancakes here so you can go see those on
her channel as well
binky dusting livid stinks taiga yes I'm
getting cheated on all right Olli what
color pancakes do you want to eat you
want blue all right let's get the purple
out of the way we got blue for you okay
can you eat one pancake you want green
too alright we can give you a green one
look at these these are so fun to play
with are these amazing babe okay go for
it
we got you some syrup on these pancakes
my stool and you got your sword just in
case right okay all right dig in buddy
should we do colored pancakes every
morning can you say thank you Elise
thank you
alright what'd you find ollie eight and
you're showing Jacob how to open it
how do you open it smash it on the
ground try and open it uh forgive dig up
a try look Jacob do you like dinosaurs
yeah what's your ollie both of you guys
like t-rex oh you got it keep going keep
going
Elisa's boys are so well-behaved they've
been getting on so well
yeah keep going keep going be careful of
your hair though
alright let Jacob try his turn super
Jackson found the truck der holle what's
inside I think so so my dad was so nice
to catch a lizard for the boys that came
over and it's one of those mean
alligator lizards so using really really
careful with it and apparently it got
away jump for my shirt and crawling back
so I wasn't too worried it'd be like and
then I was estimate is like where is it
where is it I don't see it anywhere do
you it's nowhere and I look in this
pocket hang on keys in there can you
zoom out oh yeah you can see them now I
don't know how to I think dad's gonna
have to actually take his pants off sit
around there is all I look at them papa
Lucas in Papa's pocket hey bytes ollie
I know how would you know my dad lost
the lizard to go box and that way come
on it's okay it's just a little bite dad
just don't do it no don't do it
don't what are you doing
like Jerry Ford that she was like I
can't find it where it out like it
must've just comes off really I've been
around here I live in your pocket
look at that Luna is loving the water so
excited she's a swimmer dogs gonna be
out water for yay
oli put the water in the boys are now in
the pool having a good old time jumping
around always like the happiest guy
right now it's actually pretty chilly
but we got the warm water in there too
to help it coffee so cool Wow what are
they doing been living in Chile
Jarrod is jumping on the trampoline and
all of the boys joined I'm jumping
holiday of all dances all you can jump
higher than that let me see jump high
you want to jump really high
I'm here Jack nice one okay ready
it's a piece called in trouble he really
wants up there come on come on bigger
our girls doing okay I love this song
hello you are looking a little scraggly
but you know I think she's getting
better
hey he'll see her skin free she's one of
our original she's so so pretty and so
like soft looking like she like glows
yeah my baby thanks for giving us your
eggs I love my chickens I love being
able to let them out but I will say that
Luna still does not boundaries yeah you
can probably hear her on the dog run
right now she's like get me out I'm let
me at him
I'm sure she'll warm up sooner or later
hopefully yeah but they only get to come
out everyone said oh no you got it I've
never held a chicken before really on a
light one hopefully like dinner
they're usually battered a deep-fried
nice she really is is they she's a very
sweet chicken there Bri
none of our originals oh you have you
ever held a chicken
oh yeah getting one
we're gonna lay an egg on me yeah I
think we already got our egg yeah oh
yeah some good wings often all the kids
are in bed except for this one he always
seems to stay up just a little bit later
huh but yeah Ellie injured and me and
Brian are all headed out on a little
date and we're going to go and my mom
and dad are helping watch the kids this
one needs to go to bed early who is
acting crazy
so anyways I'm going to go ahead and the
vlog it makes me give the video a big
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and we'll
see you guys tomorrow what do you do I
you
