my mom just over I am I love you
you says a good boy thanks for being
such a good boy for Mother's Day
whoever you are
that's where ever wanna be all around
Laughlin that big blue top inside
is
are you coming all right Rex again
forever you're with me
then smile what do you think this is
voice it's a picture of you and Finn
yeah it's showing up one good morning
guys
cuz what are we what do you know what
today is it's a Mother's Day
yeah it's Mama's day today okay so this
is the day that we make mama feel really
special we think her for everything that
she does you want to do something I
cereal ya know maybe we can do that
thank you say happy Mama's day say I
love you
good morning guys
the boys are eating their breakfast
thank you ollie for taking a picture
with Ben this mornin I did a butt load
of dishes i cleaned up a very messy
playroom straightened up the house to
make sure it was nice and neat missy is
getting some much-needed rest
she's sleeping in I'm going to make her
some breakfast some eggs and hash browns
and English muffin cuz she loves that
for breakfast and I think you boys are
going to make something for Mama yeah we
all really want to make something out of
cereal so I'll see if we have something
okay
and it looks like our pictures of a
developing - those are cute all right
kiddos I could not find any cereal to
decorate with but look what I got ollie
we got alphabet mac and cheese that you
can spell something with and animal
crackers that you can decorate the paper
with and I have each of them a happy
mother's day picture you don't have to
eat them we're going to decorate with
them okay
do you know that says Olli says I love
you should we put that on Mama's paper
you
we'll say thank you we're working on a
little bit of arts and crafts for you
then you give visitor cheese
hey mama I know it's good fixture show
mama what we did over here what does
that say that's it
Apple mortgage pink well that's this
happy Mother's Day what is that clear it
says I yell I brought it for you oh
thank you
didn't want some pox on his he did I
think they really wanted to glue some
animal crackers to it too so I have some
Mod Podge that
look if you handsome boys they're
already always tell me your shirt real
quick
it says mommy's hashtag MCM do you know
MCM means it means man crush Monday yeah
cuz you're my little man crush in that
cute yeah doesn't even notice happen
Oliver James look at me
you're know that's not how you act is
it's just like it's a good thing I mean
mommy loves you she's like I don't get
it I feel like you're making fun of me
and Finn looks so cute it is adidas and
is Mickey shirt you guys ready for
church they're both like mom why we have
to go to church I'm not like super big
fans in the nursery so I was like
Mother's Day I want to go to church so
everyone put a smile on your face we're
going so today is Mother's Day and being
a mom does come with a lot of stress and
I have heard that stress causes gray
hairs and look at this I just saw this
pop up oh I just want my hair colored
even you see my white hair right there
I'm like onna so apparently I need to
get my circular dance I don't even
understand this because I just got it
colored and I feel like this like grew
overnight and just like popped up and
it's like super wiry my Mac yes Oliver I
am I love you you says a good boy
thanks for being such a good boy for
Mother's Day full already
I came in it Oh nope that was just a
random piece of hair oh wait oh my gosh
look at happy the hair and how half of
it is literally white and the other half
is like the color of my hair it's white
I will say that my mom went gray at like
18 so I've made it 10 yards further than
her so I'm a happy top of day oh yeah
they happy me day we are now at my mom's
house for hanging out having a good time
and I thought I would show you guys a
little something cool watch this okay
choose newspaper huh what do you got
there what outfit and those takes off
there's dirty guys are you ready she
plates bet you guys we get asked all the
time were serious this is where she is
she belongs my brother and they have
actually a really good bond would you
say he plays special there all the time
and she's just like a super cool cat I
actually just walked in his house pet
her and antenna hat and like touch the
eye and now it's like burning to dust
but anyways yes
series here if you've been wondering
right there he is if you've ever been
like weird dirty go check the eye card
up here it kind of explains the whole
story and all that but she is super
super happy here
my parents love her Jimmy loves her and
the house is set up very
cat-friendly for her so she loves it
right yeah and we actually made her
indoor cat yes we like she wants to be
athletic she gets a lot yeah and they
don't have as many doors going in and
out so it's easy for them to kind of
just keep her inside and she's safer
plus she's like got a ton of chocking on
her right you guys like tracker he's got
a key device on her get that out she
gets law they don't risk it so they like
they are like on it you guys and it's
really cool that we were able to find
her like a happy place and she loved
here she's like so attached to my
brother it's hilarious also I'm
literally allergic apparently I did not
know I was allergic but like I wouldn't
know if I cut a cat like don't touch my
eye and then I walked in here and it out
like oh my god I think that means I'm
allergic
not like terribly allergic
averaging out Mimi Pappas playing the
boys pretty awesome Mother's Day when
you get to watch your kids have fun and
it's relaxing here so it is like
literally amazing weather it's actually
a little cool so it's not hot at all and
it just feels so nice and we're just
hanging out playing with the boys that
looks like a scary t-rex and here comes
the baby t-rex right there sputtering oh
that one is hot oh this is a nice T red
tie nice t-rex you're not gonna bite me
at least not too hard huh aah
jump in boom jump in jump Hey
huh
oh okay so I can back up all you climb
that tree
Wow this is your first tree climbing
yeah that's so cool how high can you get
dad for ya
good job you did good that's a good
climbing tree hey mama hey Wow hey mama
save me me how oh oh hey Wow well you're
not someone us gettin tired
how you feeling buddy you have fun
hanging out at Mimi and Papa's yeah huh
am I in your way we're cuddling on the
couch watching a rocket dog new movie
that just came out do you like it ollie
yeah it comes all cuddled up to my karma
are you doing buddy oh I had such a good
Mother's Day only being such a good boy
you and your brother were good boys day
huh
this is it are you doing in the valgus
me up I loved it happy a cochis she fell
down I had a couple of accidents hop
yeah you have a couple accidents and
disasters and
like this about the playground he would
go cable yeah he was okay yeah know how
easy you can see I'm Zack and we're
going to end the vlog right now I guess
Austin is already asleep you is so
exhausted from the day so I'm sitting on
a bit I think we're going to bed soon
too so make sure you give this video a
big thumbs up
and if you guys tomorrow what do you say
you
