then all right cumali go wherever you
are that's what ever wanna be that big
you are
you can't
just one
coming all rocks again
come with me come on e good morning
how's it going buddy yeah oh yes to show
us something hang on good morning guys
welcome to today's floor oh yeah it is
meet Holly at me
it's almost as tall as you yep and
what's all over it okay I can hear it
and what's that that is a metal which
punky but do you know what the number is
you know you know what it is what is it
like five and there's carrots and
cherries and pretzels that's so cool
that's a huge Tower huh happen and
smeared in it yeah how about we smash it
down and we put in slow motion without a
good wave start to walk yeah okay
okay so is the fun thing about building
big towers because you can smash them
afterwards hello you guys and welcome to
today's vlog the boys playroom is
already a mess what happened did you do
this
no sane guys do it then did it and to be
fair offended dumped everything out onto
the floor because that is how babies
play I think you're going to get along
do need to endanger me they all belong
to you and they're dangerous yeah hey
you know one okay he's rebuilding his
tower that is pretty cool dude game you
want to play Mario Kart how can ask you
if you wanted to play okay Olly has yet
to play Mario Kart with me he's been
wanting to play forever and I think you
might actually be able to because you
guys don't know in the new Mario Kart it
has smart steering and it has auto
acceleration so I think it's like you
can actually do all right are you ready
to play some Mario Kart yeah oh okay
this is your controller okay and I'm
going to choose everything for you so
you can play easily but all you have to
do is move this little thing over this
way and that steers your Kart
okay you can be Mario you want to be
Mario we want sup diggie buggy it's a
it's a bug you want to that one okay now
your car is going to go automatically so
all you have to do is move that stick to
move your car okay good luck
who you are going fast see how it moves
you
you are doing good dude well faster gone
we've gotten to push this to fire it and
they you go faster oh wait plus this one
good job dude
I gotta catch up to you yarn thick go
Marv while you're playing so I got to
say for all these first I playing that's
a jig pretty yet you can fix play young
but do the good job on your first time
playing the cool
whoo you're fat are you playing again
yeah you're in first place Oliver
you know that look at you're in first
place I think I was pretty good for your
first time to my Ricardo how is that
fine you have maybe we can keep playing
you can learn getting better I okay okay
that was some time ago thanks for
playing with me good morning guys
suppose it's a hug right now so while
we're at clammer con baby gave us so
many cool things and they specifically
gave it a ton of passional we'll just
climb out the egg ah that one did crack
out of a huh and there's a few more here
yes we got like a ton of natural stuff I
think we will open all of them right now
but we'll open up yeah Q so these are
called hatched moles collectibles
they've got these little hat small
animals inside and they're all different
there's like a ton of different kinds
look at this there are so many different
kinds and you never know what you're
going to get so we're going to open it
up and let the boys figure out how to
crack these collectibles open we've got
our collectibles and he's like with the
camera open it up
well Noman is so cool yes okay here we
go we've got four eggs here and they're
so cute kind of small but really cute
I've got the egg here and on this little
egg is a Purple Heart and what you do is
you have to rub it rub that purple heart
until it is pink so you can see it
slowly continues mom ah yes me which
turned pink you see that once it's all
pink it's ready to be hatched all right
Finn I think this one's ready to go and
crack it open
Oh open it up
you need a honey mama we already got
this little green guy he's really cute
he's got wings on him how's it goin Finn
open it up alright always going to start
working on his Purple Heart rub that
Purple Heart okay enough mama okay
must be enough think look oh it's a pink
yet almost here mama gonna try to though
yeah I could do it I could speak out it
looks pretty pink to me Cali get it whoa
oh and yours is yellow look at it it's a
little pig with silver wings
it actually looks similar to the doggie
one okay I guess why is papi huh oh no
it's actually a porcupine is it puffy
sure you can call it ugly but that's
definitely a porcupine
no it's little porcupine high enough for
a puppies and the fine puppy there you
go all right these are three little
hallelujah Hey yeah let me hear the eggs
can hope your ear hear it you hear it
hey Olli what you got there camel who
had two more collectible you got one too
I say Oh what if we bring them to the
pool and see if they'll hatch in the
water
I might develop holes
Napoleone break open would that be cool
mama did we can tap them boulders don't
worry let's save it for the pool okay
yeah we're going to go swimming at the
Johnsons so let's save it for their pool
been so excited that you guys
we are now at the Johnson's house check
out this cool hat Jeffrey get my what do
you guys think I don't normally wear
like dad hats like this is this
considered a dad huh I think any hat a
dad wears should be considered at that
hat we are here now and the boys are
loving it they love playing back here
thin is in the Barbie Jeep we got all of
the dogs running around we got karma and
Luna Molly and Luna they all just love
playing with each other and running
around hey do you want to show live and
pay the cool collectibles you got yeah
yeah and then we can open some more I
think they got a bunch too okay not cool
yeah we got a cool like pink Hedgehog
one and a green one all right kiddo
all your sitting really close with that
look what I have which one you want okay
you know how to open a Molly Liv is a
pro you want to help him
there you go what's in there oh cool
yours has green spots on it all in what
color weird blue spots open them up Oh
Liv you're like a pro at this kind of
hard whoa take it if there's something
there do you feel it we just let them
yeah you rub it till the heart turns
pink right yep or we can take it in the
water and make it go really fast huh you
want to go swimming with them and see if
we can hatch them you want to do it
Oh
all right just pull them out of the
water and look they're all pink now yeah
that means they're ready to be hatched
isn't it cool yeah so for those of you
guys who don't know the catch my
collectible you have to rub that heart
till it turns pink and then anything
suck it open but the water is nice and
warm so it turns pink right away so
we're going to crack these babies open
and see us okay crack it open what's
inside oh it's like a zebra oh really
open up yours what is it what is it
trol
so the girls have been telling me if you
find a fuzzy catchable it means it's a
limited edition well I found a fuzzy
little kitty with wings how cool is our
girl he'll do it is it fuzzy yeah
exactly it is a little bit fuzzy I know
I'm not neat we didn't think we were
gonna get one did we pay in our we found
one I'm so cool
then oh cool melody job we had a blast
in the pool playing on how to move as
you guys want to see more hot small
stuff be sure to click that I card in
the corner see the first time Ally ever
opened one or just as fast week where we
met at giant hatch mall it's pretty
incredible stuff go check those videos
out all right guys we're home karma is
passed out after having a fun swim time
to do a fun car
she's misses I missed our pool a lot and
now I'm just sitting here with Kelsey in
Corbin if you guys don't know who Kelsey
and Corbin are you guys are crazy
yeah they're like our bestest friends
and they have a really awesome channel
on YouTube Karma's like hey it's all
about me right now I'll actually put it
in the iCard up above if you guys want
to go subscribe they have the cutest
Channel and I literally watch every
single vlog every single day I'm kind of
obsessed with them I'm obsessed with Jun
I guess I guess he is start oh my gosh
she was like the cutest thing ever
hopefully we see you really soon you
never know with these travelers but
anyways I'm going to go ahead and end
the vlog so I do well you guys know if
you want to see other fun videos like we
did today make sure to check out our
playlist I'll have it linked down below
but for now I'm going to end the vlog so
make sure you give the video a big
thumbs up I don't have any thumbs except
for helping Corbin's so I will see you
guys tomorrow house and car you do the
honors
you
