you want to try and vlog go ahead and
talk
oh he's giving you guys kisses wherever
you are that's where I wanna be
Holland's at big top
just whatever
coming all our chance again
I am alone
with me
come on yawn morning it's still I love
you too
it's too in connecting all the time and
image too
he said that all the time and it's true
or - right but what
message one and one dead killed you've
been learning your numbers while we were
gone it feels so good to be back with my
voice give me hugs
it's like I want the bug visit candy it
feels so good to be home Olli I heard
you had so much fun
and I heard you were a good boy did you
see that Daddy saw a giant Hashem oh
yeah yeah really neat huh I missed you
so much you know that but I thought you
had lots of fun with Papa huh oh no he
was surprising on his first apparent kid
okay mama
had an appointment but she is on her way
very soon okay decide to see mama yeah
you're gonna give her a big hug yeah
soon I had such a great little getaway
we learned so much really got our brains
moving really great clamor Khan and I
hope they keep doing it for years to
come because we really really enjoyed it
but it feels so good to be back home
with our kids I missed these boys so
much then I missed you so much you know
that what you got oh is that caramel
caramel and senior since we got back
hi boy hi karma puppy was karma good
puppy yeah when it's so beautiful
outside you want to play outside go for
it
the boys got their lightsabers there you
guys gonna battle get him Finn get him
oh all he's too strong you're too strong
dude all right I'll take the blue one
it's a pig ah well
so if mine flew and its water what's
yours quiet smile I can Cajun love it oh
really
actually water puts out fire
come here bidding a magic trick do you
have a magic trick
yes hold on this one universal oh you
are all right all right so apparently
Holly is going to scooter down the slide
you are crazy all right up I'll help you
okay here grab on I'll make sure you
don't get hurt
whoo good job you're getting really
brave ever since you did that ziplining
you want to try and block go ahead and
talk
oh he's giving you guys kisses thank you
from Holly together guess who's home
boys who do you think it'll add one
William Papa left 12 of them huh I saw
you playing with that water don't Papa I
want to go outside
yes in a year why yeah I want to do yeah
oh okay well I'll see that it is so nice
day back in the car with us for you're
actually
to get Brian and all in heritage always
Alex gets his last one so he is
definitely do
well she are you yeah are you excited
for your haircut bun he's like mama I'm
getting so tired that's good he says
like we're almost there don't go to bed
and I like do you need to take a nap on
he's like yeah so nice here can you say
you like I need to go to sleep you don't
understand I think this actually
thinking up stuff yeah I decided to tag
along
I just miss them so much I didn't want
you to be lit up I just want to be able
together I think I'm actually should go
grab some sectors and white people
they're doing that all right I always
said you wanted to tell me how he gets
his hair cut so who does it for you
Travis and what do they do
black people who lose you're kind of
like a superhero what kind of superhero
are you yeah that may have will tape it
stick a selfie book level do you have a
word today on it but to me to each angel
eyes out huh yeah that's so cool and
that's how he gets a vicar I know
Superman yeah yeah it's pretty cool yeah
but I've got this brand new website so
they can keep it yeah we can keep it
yeah it's ours
I got into immediate public oh you stole
it
yeah but that's okay okay we got to get
you that yeah go okay we'll give it back
later this is Sookie Olli all right Finn
it's mommy and mommy and Finn shopping
shopping day we got to pick up diapers
white and I've got a few things on my
list that I've been out of for a while
like laundry smells new
and electricity we're going shopping
that's actually a coding thing did you
want to hold the camera you actually
press record and like trending on and
festering everything say hi ah okay
Oh hmm alright say bye bye say bye bye
you will stinker in the high press
record say bye bye
alright we've got all our essentials we
got you diapers Staybridge cause you
still poo poo in your pants huh
we've got laundry stuff and just some
really basic things that uh just on time
every boys get the haircut huh I'm soon
you get a haircut you know hey pop by
the shimmy honey your mama went out
alright I just got some fresh snips from
my buddy Travis fresh snips finish
drinking his Starbucks and got to hang
out with mama for a little bit did he's
memmer mesmerized by your long hair do
you think she's like what can i grow
locks like that hey ollie what is Travis
have tattooed on him a gun and a sword
story at the end spider webs when do you
want now it wants a gun and a sword all
of the above very impressive aw yes yes
colligative hair guy is a pro loves
getting his hair cut with Travis I think
only it's really enjoying his hair cut
because he's right the middle of it sort
of falling
Holley
I'll be right he's rushing his paddock
constructs like dude you're the bad this
any work yeah oh my god no I think we
lost them
six o'clock numbers out with this before
you just woke up feeling falls asleep in
Travis has to move his head back we need
a head holder
so my good sleep yes go to sleep
the hair off yet don't fancy going I
think you never slept for his life and
we're done that was interesting thanks
man
yeah throw some on that that's never
happened before that was hilarious
picked up some Chinese food for
tonight's dinner we are back now and oli
is still sleeping no I think he's just
tired he's been getting his naps with me
a puffin
yeah he missed us today so I just
wrecked on a chicken ham is still
sitting on oli a who finished stealing
our Chinese food so Pam doesn't lay eggs
while she's pretty no she does not my
ancient white farmers a lot of time I
think it Madeline our chicken so
breather like nope you need to be making
a fake dunk them in cold water oh yeah
all the time so yeah but you she's not
like laying on her legs oh you may have
some baby soon Finn you're going to be a
big brother yes that's an egg roll you
can eat that
hey good bite no no no music like Oh
what do you think he's so adventures I
love him oh my gosh let me take another
bite no not that one
I need to set up my seat I think this is
done oh yeah that's my girl mm-hmm
you
I'm watching you bro he think uses the
pork and then gets annoyed and just use
my piano I see sit on your bottom he's
really into the office right now come
out of your song you're coming back
she's always been comma song it's so
funny we don't know do you like the song
karma oh my god oh my goodness
good job good job in there good yeah
it's deli are well well well would you
look who the leg
hi buddy hey show me your haircut they
want to see your haircut what do you
guys think it's not flexible is Daddy
Sophie yeah mine's Buffy you're kind of
fluffy too he gave him a very good
haircut regardless of falling asleep
somehow it was amazing
yeah I was pretty cool do you remember
you fell asleep familiar haircut what
was that all about
he decided to challenge him he's totally
checking himself up he likes he likes
feeling the back thanks for watching
today's video you guys if you liked it
be sure to give it a thumbs up
how do you get it let us know in the
comments below how do you get your hair
cut
that'd be a cool question huh yeah yeah
a scribe make sure to subscribe and
there's lots of other videos you guys
can check out that we do we have fun
here all the time so be sure to click
that I in the top right corner and check
out another video and we will see you
guys and yeah only wanna say bye bye
you
you
