all right your hand under Oh put your
hand under it and then open it Billy
wherever you are that's where ever wanna
be big just inside
Oh
coming all right right again
you're with me
good morning Luna how you doing
being such a good puppy yes she has you
too karma you've been such a good boy
seriously you guys Luna I had her do
like a long downstate in the bathroom
while we were all getting ready for the
day and she just laid there and just
watched us there were so many
distractions going on and she did so
good it's been really kind of refreshing
I think crazy yeah and I wasn't
expecting a whole lot but so maybe
that's why I'm happy but I definitely
have been happy since they returned she
doesn't know him still but he seems to
not care as much yeah he's a lot better
although Luna is kind of in this awkward
teenage stage where she's like long and
scraggly and still finding her place in
the world aren't you to get that late
going where's the leg third is third is
that I survived I hit the point there it
is just like oh I like deal boys are
wearing matching shirts today we are
going to go out and go to the mall and
see if we can find a B UN and why I also
have to grab a couple of things and not
a real one I still have to grab a couple
of things for Easter dinner tomorrow cuz
we're gonna have a lot of family members
over here and I want to make it just
perfect but I broke into the Easter
treats you guys we got Easter sweet
tarts this is like chicks eggs and
bunnies I think those are amazing I got
Missy another chicken and a pig just
some flowers and this morning while he
was eating breakfast he was like hey
there's eggs in those flowers so we're
getting things a little bit set up we
didn't have any time to even decorate
for Easter this year and we really do
like to decorate for the seasons and
kind of just get into it and make your
house feel changing and different but
man we traveled so much last month that
we just did not get around to it so now
we are headed to the mall and I can see
we can get some stuff done today oli be
careful oh my gosh no Allie okay you're
really kind of scaring me now
what if you both fell in he wants to be
cool eh he's just like asking to fall in
aren't you
how's it feel
I don't know what attract are we to
power I don't know any but it always
happens
all right okay Oh your hair another Oh
put your hand under it and then open it
silly
whoo you got some make sure you share
with your brother okay
so this is normally where the Easter
Bunny hangs out but it seems he has gone
into his hole we missed them it might be
a good thing to perfect honestly as I
have they ever met the Easter Bunny
Holly had yeah Ali has one yeah yeah
which was opened up at the mall oh my
gosh better really I may get in a cookie
here you get in the sugar cookie Holly
all these main look blue you mean the
blue sugar cookie all right we were
doing something kind of fun at the mall
right now we're getting ready to take
pictures you guys looks like you and
your little matching outfit I'm going to
take pictures like Easter pictures kay
all right guys we found this awesome
place called art touch photography in
the mall and the boys just did being
cutest Easter photo shoot ever
I'm going to show you these pictures
right now with a little slideshow
because both explorable as a kids did so
good they were able to give us all our
pictures today for use in the video so
check out this adorableness what does
happens
it's ice cream time tomorrow we are
having yes it isn't it tomorrow we're
having lots of people over so I'm going
to make three batches of ice cream I got
my tubs all laid out it's only going to
do two chocolate and then I up the other
one cake better so I got the chocolate
ones going now even got these cool
little cups for Easter and my toppings
and stuff too for the kids all you watch
a nom nom he's cool he's like a green
alien and he's go back for the day
oranges carrots and apples is that yummy
mm-hmm what do we got going on here got
caught in the act
ha ha ha I'm making the student little
entice some I subpoena collar
they're gonna be like little nuts with
little M&Ms rocketing since items yes
the peanut butter M&M eggs are so good
yeah no feeling problem is that right
the teachers are a weakness I know I
can't wait is this for like right now or
for those well just make another one
babe I bought plenty I'll I packed a lot
yeah we go they're like two boxes of
rice krispies when her family's here
because we just are making rice krispie
treats
oh boy because it's pure marshmallow and
I just like I'm full of like already yes
we're trying to get a lot of like stuff
done today so tomorrow we can go to
church not have to worry about setup and
then just get what we've done dad but
there's lots of people coming over
that time means we li cream so we are
also enjoying the courtyard today
because my dad that would be fun to buy
a little charcoal barbecue I guess he
was craving charcoal barbecue stuff so
you got one of these little ones rest of
our weekend me I should have a barbecue
and so long we don't even have one and
you know we're waiting for it to all be
installed so we're just hanging out in
the courtyard which is really nice
because it does tend to get really windy
where I live but the courtyard kind of
blocks the wind then my dad came up with
the genius idea of not only getting a
little little pool for the boys the plan
because we've been missed in the water
but he hooked this hose up to my hot
water heater and we might be thinking I
mean why don't you so that you you're
just going to run out of hot water I
have a endless hot water tank so it's
just it you can literally just use hot
water forever so this is a very warm
bathtub temp pool right now and they
love it they are so so happy ha guys I'm
like that was genius
I would have never thought to do that
yeah I love you all right is the day
before Easter and that means it's time
to color eggs so what are we doing bud
going to be
yeah so my mom picked up this no-spill
egg coloring kit and it's pretty cool
there's water in here and watch this oh
it doesn't spill out it's so cool yeah
just in case we'll be careful because
it's don't want to get the the wood
stains but I did have my mom also pick
up white eggs because one thing I feel
like color and browning probably would
be very successful - I just I can't go
in my white my bro oh it is car - right
we should probably not use that one oh
it's actually really really looking kind
of exciting me yeah it does look like
spider-man so we're going to go ahead
and start we got to put the little drops
in it and we got to get them all ready
so you can put them in Kay but hang on
not yet
let's gently drop it in there no joke
just go and drop it drop it it may be
long ways that way we can kind of lower
it or you just have to literally kind of
shake it gently like pick up the same
right here if you have people a little
shake can we just let it sit remember if
we let slip along yeah that was so cool
you can just drop them in here and they
go even splash or anything and they just
color and then you just look like tip it
over and it's not supposed to spill so
I'm interested in how that work I think
it's good that we have this done I will
say Finn is sleeping we actually end up
doing this pretty late so Finn's already
in bed so but he wouldn't really be able
to do much anyway so next year he'll be
able to enjoy this a little more are you
gonna catch the egg yeah just wait hot
no still ha ha ha yeah
and err rendering awesome Wow
they're all going to have like whatever
colors before the other one oh no don't
take your quantity anymore let me get my
too messy for you he'll take the clean
egg and put it in the things then you've
done I guess the biggest stuff Oh
oh jeez I mean they're pretty yeah
oh hey we colored all the eggs and how
do they look clean good pretty good and
what are the colors show me Justin
yellow and 50 mm-hmm thanks madam cable
so Rebecca they're all right what are
some other colors you got a blue one
sometimes you can just point to them k
with like meme's did and made a big ol
hole that one yeah we got so many cool
colors huh
we did all these and we even broke a few
of the white ones I brought out from my
brown ones these are all my brows and
they actually color pretty nicely I'm
free yeah those are green ones and
there's some different colors on memory
oh yeah multicolored we did not hard
boil them because we do not like
hard-boiled eggs
so we'll human face you sit here none of
us really are big hands but all of them
are all over all right I should have
hard-boiled some for Brian but I didn't
because I can't them spell so I think
we'll just eat them for breakfast and
just you know remember Easter and
tomorrow we might play a game with them
too with this with all of our family and
stuff so yeah that was fun huh hi
bedtime Pacific's all right it's getting
late and it's find me your bedtime huh I
just had to put stuff under his lip
could be has been Chapman's and so he
gets all sent out he doesn't like it on
there huh it's hard to talk
we are getting really excited for
tomorrow Eastern I just think it's going
to be a really fun day and we've been
doing a lot of preparing for it so Wow
just when you go to bed huh hope you
guys have a fun Easter I guess we women
in the bun you give the video a thumbs
up like yeah alright we'll see you guys
tomorrow what do you say hi
you
