you're gonna jump really high Finn wants
to jump with you okay there we go and
now you're trapped forever
hahaha wherever you are that clever
wannabe
just whatever
coming all just again
with me good luck good morning boys go
go go go go go go go go go push that
cart Oh you need to do the secret knock
to gain access can you knock on the door
oh he's like uh this is a new trick I
learned there we go
grocery delivery you can good coming
well thank you good morning guys
it's beautiful day with the boys back
home I don't think we ever talked about
this but some of you noticed after we
put all each of that is that we have a
Betty so he can just zip it and unzip it
to get in it's pretty cool oh then it's
dark now I don't know your flashlight oh
no should we look for dragons it's so
good to be back home these boys are so
cute they just play so well together
it's the dragon seat but I'm going to
sit here but now the daddy seat
we're all ready for the day the boys
have been trying all morning it's going
to turn me into a dragon
our rah-rah all right I'll hold your
hand so today is going to be an
interesting day we've been so busy the
last week and it's just not going to
stop but I thought something really fun
that I could do with the boys before we
leave I've got some surprises from them
for my trip and I'm gonna get into them
what's up Paulie yes
do you like my magic wand yeah Mama and
Daddy went to Harry Potter's Wizarding
World when we're in Florida me too
no you didn't go unfortunately you've
been there before though right yeah
while we were there I felt so bad cuz
you weren't there that time and we got
you lots of cool stuff do you want to
open it with me yeah but first I think
we should dress you up like Harry Potter
what do you think yes yes okay I'm going
to use my magic wand cast a spell and
let's see if we can get some Harry
Potter costume stuff this is like the
highlight of being a dad right here
stressing your kid up like Harry Potter
close the Oh silly oh whoa
what you got in front of you okay a
magic one and I'll catch you and classy
Oh put the glasses on oh yeah already
looking like Harry Potter yes so you
have this magic wand and we have a
lightning bolt tattoo we got to put that
on your forehead huh yeah and we have
the magic cape you want to put it on
this is the next step to becoming a
wizard there we go to fit them so good
too how amazing is that only whoa
looking cool dude now you just need the
scar so we put the scar on your head
with the tattoo we have our lightning
bolt tattoo oli moved his hair so I
could get a good look you're just going
to get that wet a little bit need lots
of space for it you ready okay let's
take the glasses off still don't get in
the way okay you're going to have a
lightning bolt got just like Harry
Potter okay
take this water and sorry I know it's
right in your face it's probably a spell
for that Tom we should be using the
magic spell okay one two three four five
six seven eight nine ten
you think it's drop done okay let's take
it off and see look at that you have a
lightning scar just like Harry Potter
put the glasses on dude you look so cool
do you feel like a wizard
can you do a magic spell for me
that is so perfect dolly all right you
want to see what we got from Wizarding
World
all right I'm gonna do a little spell so
I can show you the back okay okay okay
you want to join okay we're going to say
Accio toys okay
three two one okay we just did a magic
spell touch sighs yeah so this bag is
full of goodies that we got from
whizzing roll and we're going to open
them now and play them okay first thing
we just pigmy pop it's a little pink
fluffy animal when you squeeze it she
purrs guess what her name is
it's Perry yeah I got from almost IBQ
pretty cool right yep okay let's see
what else we have in our bag of Wonders
I got splat slammer this is from
Weasleys Wizard wheezy's and this is
really cool because it's super squishy
basically like slime like wizard slime
split out of package just by the way
there are so many fun things that
wizards of these reuse it USB until it's
quick turn it open it you'll see oh
goodness so cool do it do it Harry
so it's so cool it's so cool yeah you
know what it reminds me of a Stretch
Armstrong yeah there it is got the
Weasleys logo on it and it's like
squishy and stretchy player yeah you
feel it you're not cool it's why you
look like Harry Potter does he look so
cool you look cool dr. magic I'm mama
this is Wiz Lee's wizard wheezies flat
planner so I think we can go like this
watch ready and it sticks to the table
hey you mom threw it yes throw it
against the table yeah that's kind of
cool to play with huh okay but not over
that play that mother all right let's
see what else we got we swung by borgin
and Burkes
and I picked up a deathly hallows
keychain it's pretty cool huh not really
anything fun to play with just simply
icky done and it's got the Deathly
Hallows not all right Mama's gonna join
us okay no that's kind of like Pete yeah
weird okay so I understand it now it's
almost like this stretchy out siding
liner and then inside is like a Slom I
can hear her flown yeah inside is flown
for the end because I thought why can't
you just tear it apart
yeah yeah it's like a like a liner
around the foam base it's super in there
don't let mama drop the next day all
right what else do we have
love potion no this does Olli Wow it
creates a powerful spell on the person
who drinks it and they fall in love with
a person is made from this is a very
powerful piece of magic this is the love
potion you guys should we try it out if
I drink it who do you think it would
make me fall in love with if you drink
it who would you want to fall in love
with
oh I think he'd fall in love with gay
yeah so this is a love potion from
Weasleys Wizard wheezy's I'm going to
open this up oh it smells well it's a
little I don't know it don't get don't
drink it
no no way you saw it Ollie it's so
afraid of being a lot of tea is no I
can't drill that cooties I'm gonna try
okay but I already love you in mama so
it's gonna be buggy making lots more
that's not right okay he's so afraid it
was gonna happen
mmm oh yeah I love you so much we fell
in love with you even more yeah my lord
I filled out a stalk and it's actually
pretty onions basically just like liquid
sauce what's next Olly I think you're
going to like this when you want to grab
this one out yeah this one I chose a
little insensitive to those who fought
to follow Hogwarts but still yummy all
the same what is it
thank you a circle yeah the lollipop is
actually the dark mark lollipop yeah I
knew yay yeah it's like that
yeah literally like that cuz oh oh yeah
let's try it you want to try it yeah so
there it is for those of you don't know
the dark mark is the mark of Lord
Voldemort extremely insensitive because
he killed a lot of people and now we're
putting on a candy side away all right
there it is the dark mark lollipop you
want to try it
mm-hm okay
ooh taste it all does it make your scar
hurt oh I'm going to try the dark mark
lollipop it's actually kind of spicy
that's what I thought not like how they
do so interesting Haley you like it all
you like all the cool stuff we got from
Harry Potter
yeah yeah
what was your favorite thing the
possible in empty and this yeah this is
like wizard slime I've never seen
anything like it before and it doesn't
get your handle messy
I know how was it format it's pretty
cool you want a duel honest he's so good
I fell few guys he knows them so well
here you wanna have a little duel with
mom Oh Mama's gonna catch telling you
she got you go go go go get her you got
her
Oh what uh she's coming back to life
oh you did so good at wizard duel so
proud of you buddy you're good wizard
huh basically all my dreams have come
true I dressed up my song as Harry
Potter he loves it
like you could be waiting for this day
so on I have honestly I have yeah this
is a black flower - OH
talk like magic so it really hard I got
really hard on the door you can get on
black
you can jump really high Finn wants to
jump with you okay there we go and now
you're trapped forever
haha oh my goodness
these kids are being crazy what do you
think you're doing do you think you're
doing
yeah you're gonna make me fly yep
you suck so bad all right boys guess
what man you know we had such a fun trip
in Florida with you yeah well now me and
daddy are gonna go somewhere without you
you're gonna stay with Mimi and Papa
because I'm brain are going to a little
YouTube convention it's actually close
yeah yeah a couple days but yeah we're
super excited to kind of hang out with
other fellow creators and it's kind of
connect with a lot of people who do the
same stuff and us and we're excited I
think it's to me a lot of fun they're
going to stay back and play with Mimi
and Papa since they just got back from
Florida and we're going to have a little
mommy and daddy time how's your wife
time oh that's that's time no kids
allowed I think we're actually gonna go
a drive and then we're just we're just
gonna chill at the hotel so I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video make sure you
stay tuned for tomorrow
get a video bit some time assistant I
will see you guys tomorrow what do you
guys say Wow eat that thumbs up all
right ready
say bye
you
