why what's that noise
good morning hey guys so today's video
is gonna be an extra extra special one
Missy and I are doing something I don't
think we've ever done before we are
going to surprise Missy's dad with
something that he has wanted his entire
life and he has no idea it's about to
happen and we are going to capture it
all on camera yes so as you guys know
Papa is amazing he is the
hardest-working person he just has such
a big heart and he will drop anything if
anyone needs help he's just the best guy
he's really selfless and he really just
wants the people around him to be happy
and comfortable and that's how he's
lived his entire life especially as a
child and even to this day with my kids
and he's so sweet with the boys too he's
a great guy he's probably the best guy I
know honestly and he's been the only
real father figure I've ever had to
growing up I think this is gonna be big
for him yeah he doesn't really take time
for himself like he doesn't really buy
himself things ever since he was a
teenager he and even since like as an
adult he's always wanted a specific car
yes and I kind of know idea as a child
that my dad was a car guy but apparently
he put everything that had to do with
cars aside so that he could put every
dollar into us as kids it was actually
just telling me yesterday he wouldn't
work out in the garage with his dad on
old vintage cars and that was like one
of the things that they shared together
was their love for like vintage muscle
cars he's always wanted a car from the
60s
we've been conniving he's been looking
because he actually does need another
car right now and so he was like well
maybe he'll get one I think he's finally
found one that he really likes him and
Mimi went down and looked at this car
yesterday it was way too expensive but
he's like it's perfect it has everything
I wanted it has things already done to
it that he was gonna do to it and he
really he'd there's more things he can
do with it so and he's a little bummed
because it's just out of his price range
like I can't
but he's continuing his search for
something that's in his price range that
is still workable yes but I think we're
just gonna swoop in and but that's not
the plan that's not how we do things got
it so we are we're gonna swoop in
Missy's gonna head over there today and
check it out yep big plans we're gonna
surprise huh all right so we are here
now I'm with my brother if Aaron's
actually taking a nap the really cool
thing about this whole ordeal is that my
dad actually has already seen this car
we wouldn't be able to like figure out
what car he wants or needs or like how
much work is too much work for him you
know like he kind of had to figure that
out this one was like a shirt like he
like this is an awesome car like Oh like
I really want it I'm really really love
that he's like he's seen it he's driven
it he's he loves it and it's like it's
the one we are actually going to store
the vehicle at Kelsey and Corben's until
we actually are gonna show it to him and
surprise him with it this looks exciting
I'm excited to show you what he is
always wanted do you feel like it's his
car like the kind of car you would want
like his style yeah probably yeah when
he told me like the car you wanted I'm
like really you want one of those like
that's so funny it'll be interesting to
see how it all looks I haven't seen it
in person yet so
alright guys we finally have made it
happen it's been a long day just like a
ton going on but we have the car I'm
looking at it and it's my dad this is
amazing this is the craziest things I
haven't told you guys what card is but
it is a 1969 El Camino yeah and Kelsey
car was so nice let me start here for
the night and and in their garage so you
had to kick out your car for this so
nice of you my dad actually is always
wanted one of these and we've always
been like why and he loves it and he
wants it then that's all that matters
it's actually in very very good
condition it's just unique yeah I think
it's like kind of my dad like I think
him like he's kind of a cool guy that
likes to go to Home Depot yeah this is
the car and tomorrow we are going to
surprise him which will be in this vlog
so he actually saw the Craigslist ad go
off today so he's like Erica another one
gone and he's like already kind of upset
that my mom made him go there she knew
we couldn't get it so he's like oh it's
gone guess I'm not gonna get that one he
doesn't know
no no idea he has no idea sitting and
Kelsey burns car right are drugs right
now
hey oli what are we doing today oh hey
guys that's right today is the big day
it is actually the next morning now so
yesterday the car got dropped off it's
sitting at Kelsey and carvings he has no
idea
he's actually super bummed right now why
is he bumped missing he told my mom
yesterday he's like well that car is
officially gone so he's just gonna
really work on you know saving up the
money before he goes there's another one
little does he know we bought it and
like all the paperwork's in my car like
it's oh yes so today we're actually
going to the movies we're going to see
the new black panther with the whole
family yes so we're all going to see a
movie and then we are going to get home
and basically distract him in the back
we're gonna have a pull up and surprise
him and we're gonna head we're hoping
Willie that like outside he'll hear like
an engine revving yeah so we'll see how
it all works how it all plays together
we are working on a big bow right now
yeah we're trying to get a big bow now
it's like that so many yeah so we're
excited it's gonna be a super fun day
are you excited you better keep secret
do not like at all
oh hey then hey guess what we're giving
pop our car today yeah yeah so don't
give away the secret okay okay guys it's
finally time Koren just got here was big
really shaky we've got the big old bow
it's a magnetic one so cool oh my god
he's going to die okay I got to start
rubbing it
so we just got back from seeing Black
Panther and it was amazing but Ollie
fincas who's here comes a how do you
have visitors why what's that noise
what's out here Finn
Oh Dallas is showing us his new
souped-up ride
have you seen Dallas's new souped-up
right oh come on down what do you think
well that wouldn't do what do you think
is this the one dad here it is dude 1969
El Camino we thought it was about time
you had your dream car since you're
always helping all of our dreams come
true look at the boys love it already
what do you think boys
it's your car so we see was the one
she's stolen from you we swooped it up
let's take it up here
popping it here comes Papa and his new
souped-up 69 El Camino how is it yeah it
was only for a 30-second ride actually
when we found out Papa's dream car was
an El Camino was a car with an actual
truck bed I was like that's a little odd
but it's okay his dream car Papa got
extreme cartoon
hey we'd surprise you yeah any idea
months but the last couple days been
really stressful
so he's most excited about the fact that
it's a super sport it's a super sport
it's a 69 yeah that's the middle of the
muscle Wars Pontiac I think made it 326
so shaving me 327 uh-huh you kept going
up and up and out until they got to the
396 cubic inch no the guy took out the
396 and put a 454 it oh when I was
growing up me and my dad bought a 65 out
Camino and it's like the only thing we
really worked on together you know
didn't you drive it around yeah oh yeah
thank you of s65 everyone and then you
let me use this truck which had a 450
for it so to coincidental oh it was like
all over the country for this type of
car yeah there was one so close yeah and
when it's sold yay we surprised papa
and all he knew and he kept it a secret
huh
hey Jim do you know what that means that
means we both have super sports hey dude
all right start it up
it suits you Jim you look good in it
there he goes and this is the aftermath
of a very very fun day that was such a
fun day I cannot believe we actually
pulled it off it was so exciting like
having the secret and like knowing that
the car was in customers garage oh I
drove past him and I had the title in my
car and you didn't even know I had the
windshield wipers and the whole glove
Department box yeah it's all the
paperwork just sitting in the back of my
car and he threw like some water bottles
in there for me even then look you just
toss them in there and cut the thing I
was like I got the box down by the gate
yeah the Box down by the gates days had
the bow in it but I think we did it we
pulled it off it was such a fun surprise
that my dad totally deserves it takes a
lot to surprise me and to get me
something really really yeah yeah he
says he's found to your unicorns is life
which is something that you could not
really find and that's mom she's born in
69 and the reason he really wanted
specifically the this El Camino with a
long bench was so that I have mom sit
next to me yeah he's funny he's cute but
anyways we're gonna go in and the video
is so fun give this video a big thumbs
up especially if you love your dad leave
a comment down below what your favorite
car is I would like to do and we'll see
you guys tomorrow bye
