oh no he's a cat boy and ghetto friends
are they enemies I guess we're gonna
find out
Shuji whatever you are
that's whatever wanna be big inside
just one around you never saw you
talking to God I command all our church
again
with me and just like that we are home
Lillith so excited to see her Luna is
also so excited to be home we just
picked up from the kennel and she
learned some new tricks huh okay
yes it feels so good to be back here in
sunny Southern California we've had such
a long travel day started at 4 a.m. -
which is 1:00 a.m.
California time and we are finally home
every year playlist live shots down
Universal Studios for the creators so we
were out so late so I actually got like
two hours of sleep but I was able to
sleep on the plane which was nice but
we're home on home now I've never been
so excited to see green grass blue skies
and our good little puppies being such a
good girl hey get your ball we're home
aren't we little Chewbacca oh my oh
they're your jammies ok what are you we
in old people kids regular pizza not
easy yeah it feels so good to be home
babe things got himself some pizza -
what happened to our backyard ollie ok
show me my spirit I don't know if you
guys can tell but yes lots of progress
has been made out there what Ollie what
you do we'll go show them later all
about it ok he's like I love you I want
to swim
okay hey what's your favorite part about
being home oh this just being in your
playroom you know you like your playroom
yeah I love you you were such a good boy
this week you know that yeah both of our
boys did so good sleep it in different
beds crazy schedule staying up late
waking up early they did really actually
super proud of them now it's time to
turn the playroom into a mess right whoa
spin right now is taking a nap as is
Missy on the couch I could totally use a
nap as well
you walk around your old really weird
days where you just were traveling all
day and it just takes so much out of you
and you don't know really what to do
this kid has energy though so I'm
keeping up with him you're cool dude you
know that hailey know what I was
thinking what I was thinking that me and
you could show the vlog what happened in
our backyard while we were gone
she was show up can't go all right dude
come see whoa look at all of this
concrete how many is this ollie
yeah so they actually laid down the
entire while we were gone last week I'm
so excited because it's just like a huge
huge progress point so we did all the
little planters that were under the
windows with a dirty fire pit it's
pretty much done just needs like the
working pieces in it whoa careful
careful careful
pretty cool climbing rocks huh all over
here is all filled in with concrete
there's going to be four little lights
right there look at this this is cool
it's almost done huh excited they also
finished all of this inside coping to
make it look like the rest of the rock
we were going to do like a tile around
it
traditional but then as a last second we
decided let's just match it to the rest
of the selling singles really really
good so metabolic concrete here I love
the color of it I love the design just
really simple it's kind of a piece by
the way they feel the slide I don't even
know if you guys can hear me vice so
windy today I can see the whole project
from here look at all that beautiful
concrete this is just going to be such a
fun area to have it yeah all that's
really left is the inside of the pool
and the outdoor kitchen they're almost
about to add the roof on he said excited
jump off not yes oh right
good morning guys I actually just took a
little nap and fin took a nap spin still
asleep so I definitely have to get him
up if he's going to go to bed tonight
technically he goes to bed at 7:00 so
I'm like aha I'm going to recess I think
so I could let him sleep and sleep right
on through but I'm afraid he would just
wake up at like 5:00 a.m. and that would
actually be very good to like get back
on schedule sup
poor guy just fool God and I don't think
he feels very good as a little frog I'm
so so bad okay but go make him a bath
get him Finkel Jim I lied you had a guy
where's our done this boy had been fully
bathed I don't think he like doesn't
feel good I think he just had a rough
time falling asleep and if I don't
sometimes watch the camera perfectly you
can't I'll be like oh no no he's okay
everyone is clean everyone's looking
good and it's happy to be up and run
around and now I gotta wear these boys
out before it's bedtime I think I'll go
to bed because he didn't really he
napped mostly in the car and on the
plane but he hasn't had an official
mouth fin slept for like almost three
hours though you boys look cute though
golly what were you just telling me you
said mama I love you and what did love
you means don't get lost why does it
mean that he said yep you don't get lost
interesting yeah he always says I love
you and I just don't want you to get
lost
yeah love you means family and fancies
nobody gets left behind I think that's
what he's trying to say he's like just
don't get lost mom hey getting some
fresh air
you gotta go check our chicken puffin
yeah I can't take chicken you guys isn't
talking so much thing so many new words
is impossible to get on camera
he says the cutest thing he weather
because you're not to Luna
close all right let's go check on our
chicken I didn't give you a close eye on
Pam here she is she's still sitting on
some very fertile eggs she'll eat and
drink and she poops like crazy I need to
clean out her poop but she's still
sitting over here I see we got three
eggs thank you ladies and I've had
someone kind of coming up here to keep
an eye on the chickens every day and
gathering eggs and cleaning up so that's
been really nice too but all right boy
now go wash your feet come on I'll go
find the kids are good they're happy
thanks for being such good chicken hey
you stay back all right the boys are so
excited to show daddy those costumes
Oh does the all ages Oh cap what is
shooting you can't believe it good daddy
you need you look so cool I like your
outfit and look at your tail come on
till your soldier goes to and your
channel comes out too and it goes like
that not where's your tail you guys look
so cute
alright go save the day K or save the
night it's like Oh sword would be better
oh jeez you need your shield are cowboy
and gecko friends are they enemies I
guess we're gonna find out Susi's just
be very careful only hitting the story
ok good someone was time good that's
true he's got his Apple there he
promised me he'd eat the whole thing he
took like three bites of it night dude
such a good boy he was so tired we've
all been up since 1:00 a.m. I guess it
is night time and I've been waiting for
this all week
there's no Pam is sitting on eight
developing eggs and I'm going to candle
them tonight so I'm going to sleep no
less
in a minute what I'm going to do it but
first I have to go get them for under
her I can only do this at nighttime so
hopefully up in scary bug hey Pam
hi ladies don't be alarmed
oh good luck with us look even as like
she's crazy she gets up monitor
Oh
I ate eggs a lot more different colors
different sizes different breeds and
we're going to camel them which means
that they are actually eight days in
their development and we can actually
tell whether they are actually
developing whether they were never
fertile and all of that I've no idea
maybe the lady who sold me these they
are like not even fertile eggs and the
way we're going to hotel is we have to
be in pitch-dark for in the closet run
turn all the lights off I'm going to
turn my light on which is a really
really bright light hopefully it's
bright enough we're going to put the egg
on top of it and what we should see is a
little like blood vessels little veins
kind of coming down you'll see like an
air socket like a sack sometimes later
on in development we'll be able to see
them kind of move and stuff so this
should be cool yeah it's like an air air
spot and you can see the veins all right
so you can see the kind of a dark spot
I'll point to it right there that's like
baby developing already your name isn't
coming down yeah I might answer your
phone oh my gosh yeah that's crazy
holy cow oh my gosh hi secular here's
our Americana she's gonna make green
eggs
wow that is oh my gosh those are so cool
baby again you can see the air sac
uh-huh and I'm the baby
Wow there is a living thing in there
that is so weird
another Americana sounds weird hmm
you think this one's not developing
possible also the egg is a little
different we're a speckled so it's like
really hard to tell yeah you can't even
see inside of it I'm a little worried
that might mean not fertile which means
this one isn't just probably properly
developing
to a baby chick like I said we'll leave
it under there won't do anything but I'm
honestly not seeing the air socket yeah
this is the silkie
it's a really small egg can definitely
see through it yeah there's an air
pocket okay I can see things
Oh yep there you go and simin oh yeah
there's a little silk in there Oh q xi
er Maxim very dark really dark I think
these green eggs are really hard to tell
yeah either it's the color of the egg or
oh wait you can see yeah barely
and we'll see - maybe it's not developed
enough but I can actually do anything
yeah from the red like a Rhode Island
yeah I did not think we'd see moving
this early I thought I'd see things but
like literally moving around this is the
blue coaching ooh looks like a light
bulb I'm not seeing nothing okay here's
the air pocket no thing really dorky and
then this is another blue coaching so
we'll see if it looks different oh yeah
totally different yeah so that other one
isn't working
oh look at the veins in that one oh my
god that's crazy oh she can hear her
daddy holy cow that dirt was like the
bee holy wow that one is going green
that is incredible we get all of those
veins - that is so we're thinking that's
about six out of the eight eggs that
seemed to be doing something which again
I'll leave them all under her is you
really don't know for sure yeah working
yeah that is really cool and it's an
amazing that like this only takes 21
days to make life yeah that's really
weird dude a is like two more weeks two
more weeks it's been eight days takes 21
we'll see what little question marks on
these one so that we know like at eight
days see much and then one will find out
maybe they will develop mm-hmm those
could be chicks though I think those are
you thought about yeah we did see that
living there definitely checks all right
kids are in bed and I am exhausted we're
all exhausted I think I went the entire
day was just looking like crap but I
don't really care I am so excited about
my chicken eggs I cannot wait I'm so
excited it's only like a 21-day wait
rather than like nine months we are
really excited for this week we're about
to have a really fun week again so make
sure you stay tuned give this video a
big thumbs up if you enjoy it I will see
you guys tomorrow bye
you
