I don't know if this is exactly he'll
play the game go away oh my goodness we
got there wherever you are that's where
I wanna be
that big wad up inside
Oh
just one around
just again
every always
good morning what are you doing exciting
morning out were playing foosball me and
dad are playing pool we are hanging out
upstairs this morning me and dad are the
best of this game hey hey Ben really
wants to play some ping-pong like come
on think of morning
know exactly how to play the game oh my
goodness there's a baby in your belly we
gotta
oh that's reconvene yet are you sure
me
now 9 8 9 8 mom needs one more point yes
I think so
so mom one just came into the gym which
hasn't been getting too much action but
the boys are working on their fitness
you're working on your fitness you know
how much that is lift it then you can be
super strong super hero do you feel
strong yeah all right Ellie we are
getting ready for the day right guess
what we are going to do we are going to
get on a boat on the water and go see
wild alligators I'm on a boat that's so
cool excited yeah you want to write on
one well maybe we can do that another
day we are so excited because we are
actually going on a real Florida airboat
we're going to go on the marshland or go
see some Gators top 5 yeah oh hey Finn
you're wearing the same shirt as Ali's
what's under there Oh a balloon that's
cool oh my gosh you guys this is
actually happening do you see this
airboat right here this is so cool ollie
you're gonna get inside of that boat
right there yeah the Gators will come in
this area they can be dangerous should
not be approached frightened or fed
peeking them the respect they deserve
yeah yeah
I'll continue and and place this green
in and thankfully uses ocean and did hi
you add a sweeping they're sleeping so
we have to be quiet
yeah ok guys you get that this is
captain Joe and he's going to be guiding
us along this adventure on this awesome
airboat Pat so welcome now this is a
Coast Guard inspection so we have life
jackets under all parted things you look
really silly in that jacket we give in
space the engine just started
we are he's around it by really fast
right now
seriously so hold of use as a scenery
that we're seeing it's like Marcel it's
a baby alligator you guys that's so cool
y'all just like the one that you have
dearly like the point you have how old
do you think that one is thank you that
man
always on the lookout on the lookout
alley
we're going up right to a gator hole oh
my god
no thanks I mean that's my arms so
there's mama right there probably bout
50 feet from us
I'll you see this one here buddy you've
got our mouth open well you think about
that big Gator swing it over to this big
one if we can get a look at it you said
honestly the two snakes are probably
more dangerous than the Crocs out here I
don't know about that we'll see we're
going to be see the big guy kay
look at Zack you sure that's a mama that
won't dig sales are free you didn't do
the Gator call
you
we're headed up Shingle Creek this is
what's giving out the Everglades it's so
cool looks like we're voting through a
painting like the beginning of some epic
adventure movie all he's having the time
of his life by the way guys that he's
ever had were funky with it so he might
be enough
sorry you guys I may have a lot of
clothes to the footage is just beautiful
Sam Joseph our Florida that not a lot of
people really quite a machine that would
make this happen really cool and you can
see that's the actual water level right
now because they're in a drought right
now look at those roots like we feel
like we're off the jungle cruise that is
the exception
look what we got
lovely Eddy example Ollie has actually
wrestled a Gallic Gator before to
die Bob didn't you yeah but nice and
soft on the bottom
thanks for the trip captain Joe that is
decide our knife hands now huh yeah I
get little one to relive that is so big
what's in it
nothing I want to show you something bro
but behind me one of those kill axes
that is more than two there's four
airplanes they're not cool
yeah we just got off of our boat trip
and there is four abandoned planes right
here they're really broken huh Jim was
saying that this might actually be like
an abandoned runway but they used to
land planes and then they broke the
planes we just got done with our Gator
hunt and now we're walking back
hopefully get picked up by an uber we're
kind of in the middle of nowhere so it
might be for them they're everywhere
and just like that we're now ready for a
party and then getting ready to the past
our the kids are asleep detectable
because the parties start so late that
the kids are always passed out so we get
to have a little fun I want to tell you
guys a little story from earlier if you
guys are following Brian you saw a
little bit of what happened so if you
want to see a lot of what happened
you'll want to go to his Twitter but we
basically took an uber from the boat
ride that we were on home and the whole
way the uber driver was just like super
mad like he kept telling me to like
control my kids and like he was crying
too loud or being annoying and he didn't
like that like all his feet were like up
on the seat it was just so and so
finally out we got home I would we all
want I hope I was telling Brian like
maybe we should just stop tell him like
drop us off and like go get it different
new bird we got to the house and so I
grabbed my kids and I literally just
like walked out of the car and then he
yelled don't slam your doors slam my
door and I was like I didn't and before
we did not he said well I mean what am i
no yeah no I definitely did not send the
door I just shut the door and then I was
like I didn't and my dad went in there
to make sure I like I didn't forget
anything and I just just come on just
shut the door and that's when he started
like saying after you and like screaming
and my dad was like what the heck I
already told that family like I texted a
family group I was like this guy is not
happy he keeps yelling at me and I even
like I won't quit like Brian what do I
do like right in front of the guy I was
like Brian what do I feel like this guy
is like being crazy dictates oh it's so
scary with such a scary situation that
where you came inside on my sister was
like crying and it was just really
really intense like we definitely don't
like deal with those types of situations
very often and it was really scary so
yeah and then we ended up reporting it
and the people were like business oh
yeah they're like this is for
emergencies only I were like there's a
man out there who's clearly belligerent
whether he's in Tuscon
I don't know but he was not good enough
have you been drinking fuel the way yeah
it was really scary but everyone's fine
everyone's moved on we don't know what
that man is going through it's possible
that he is having a really bad day
whether someone broke up with him or
cheated on him or we don't know it could
be he's having the worst day not going
to give him the right but I do have to
be like we don't know what's going on
with him he might be having a really
hard time maybe you just a crazy person
but in the past it's kind of don't
we're going to a party and we're gonna
talk about today so let's go all right
guys we had a great time at the party
make sure you give it to your big thumbs
up and we'll see you guys tomorrow ready
guys
Oh
