we bought a new car did you know that
you bought a new car that you could
drive around in sorry babe we're gonna
have to get another garage to put it in
let's go see my new monster truck
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
big topic
just go get your dog
again
I'm forever
Nana Nana Nana Nana Nana nada
we are home aren't we all II know this
is home we are home back to life how's
it going this morning good we all up top
doing it is 30 we could have gone to the
first service at church today
that's 9:30 in California so Tector know
in Florida yeah I think we they slept in
yeah good job kiddos did you sleep good
Ollie I'm not a kid oh and he's not
Ollie who are you Kai he's like I don't
know this is a red one yes we are back
home things are back to normal but
there's a lot that's been going on so
while we were gone we had electricians
we had painters we had the people
working on the pool and outdoor barbecue
we got all new smoke detectors put in
because the ones that were here when we
moved in not working that's almost all
of them the batteries were dead and they
just were not working I had to replace
all of those but I want to show you guys
the progress they've been making outside
because we fir have to show you
yesterday Jim said while we were gone
the workers were here every single day
at 7:00 in the morning trying to knock
us out I'm going to show you what
they've been doing this is probably the
biggest improvement that we've seen so
far right here they have the gas in the
drain for the fire pit that's going to
go here and then right here is my
outdoor BBQ I'm so excited to bars one
right there one right there
all this is cut out to what's going to
be there so we're going to have like a
fridge and a keg and a grill and like
storage and stuff we decided to fill
this in with a back wall just because it
makes it a little more cozy in this area
and also the only thing that we were
looking at right here was the neighbor
now we kind of have a little bit more
privacy over here this is where we're
going to be grilling we have a plug in
right there if we want to do a TV or a
sign it just looks incredible and look
at these countertops I love this so much
he showed us ones when we were figuring
out what we
wanted and I wasn't really a fan so I
told him just like anything gray and
dark and modern they did this one so it
has little tiny rocks in it it's super
smooth and it's like a really cool grey
color that's going to darken up when
they seal it though love love love that
and then this is how it is on both sides
it's like a little bar area and then
it's right next to our pool which is
getting done so they started doing that
window hey come check out our pool dude
so while we were gone they started doing
the second layering on the pool so the
first layering is this they have rebar
and then they spray this on it and then
the second part is this white stuff that
you see so they've started forming the
actual texture of the rock and stuff
that's what that is
think that's the final layer I think
they paint on top of them I'm sure but
they did a lot up there they did a lot
around the perimeter and we did a little
bit over there on that slide so over
here oh yeah they stood all this huh it
looks nice
look at you dude be careful on that
slide okay all I forgot to say we had
these heaters put in too so these are
actually electric heaters we can turn
them on right here we had them out here
last night and it was actually really
nice you guys I am so excited because I
got some new toys I've been wanting to
get some really cool RC cars for a while
now and Jim what was up a hobby shop and
he saw these and he's like these are the
best ones you have to get these so we
got the Yeti XL monster bug buggy
waterproof brushless is 1/8 scale
four-wheel drive look at that baby that
looks crazy and then this one the X max
max with 2 X's because it's really max
you guys
this one goes 50-plus miles an hour are
you serious
holy cow this is gonna be so fun I can't
wait for all eight of CDs we got the
batteries all charged up this one has
got batteries and it's actually got two
little guys in it too hey and there's
one wheel like this is my hand you guys
oli is taking a nap right now but when
he wakes up I want to show him
you cars good morning morning - ah I
have too much what I said my back we
bought a new car did you know that yeah
you bought a new car that you could
drive around in you want to drive her
out of it
you don't know have you seen them you
see doesn't know we've got a real
monster truck you guys sorry babe we're
gonna have to get another garage to put
it in hey do you want to go see the
monster truck let's go see my new
monster
what do you think bro are these cool or
what yeah we mounted some GoPros on
these babies come take a look at our new
cars hope fins like I can drive this
right these boys are so excited alright
they're hooking them up whoa is going to
chase it
all right we're gonna explore the great
unknown there we go
Wow oh my god I've lived it the GoPro
fell off but the truck is good
whoa
oh my god
thank your my
so just line is a lot different it like
I feel like it handles different you're
different but it looks like you're
 telling it that oh wow look at
that
all right this is giving it a whirl
watch it baby babe what do you think
yeah man she flipped it Mimi's got it
let's see she's going to launch it
oh my gosh I did a triple front flap
alright Jimmy and I are going to race we
have two cones in this field and we have
to go around bulbs F grill up
okay three laps on your mark get set
oh you might get that go
oh my god what was that you flying
Oh oh yeah there is your justice because
our girls
he literally were the head judge and
makeup I think that's winner winner
chicken dinner right there haha
and I think this is probably the coolest
hobby ever right babe driving in one of
them right now I know that's like you
think I was like the only limitation is
like what you can see that's where you
can go is where you can see so I am
pretty friggin crazy it's so cool I did
already
crack the front left axle I'll show you
on the big nice one but the cool thing
is oh dang Wow oh it's really messed up
now the cool thing is the place we
bought them from fixes them right there
in the shop so if anything this might
just turn out to be an expensive hobby
okay
you might be constantly getting a fixed
oh I ripped off one half and you got the
other half babe only will you replace me
we definitely random cars
yeah that's all the first battery look
at the core thing look at the inside of
it right now you guys this one looks
pretty good still no one I'm just Holly
what do you think of our new monster
truck so cool huh I think we caught that
on the GoPro it's completely smashed
into our front
Gregg these are brand new questions were
already tearing them up hey yeah Holly
crashed it into the gate you guys the
cleanup crew to come and picking up the
broken RCS baby he's such a cheeseball
oh we gotta take that one into the shop
this one's still running no this is the
Yeti the smaller of the two Joe I think
it's just as good but it's lighter you
know
what did you do the tire fool who gave
you this thing Oh summer that's all the
growth though this little eight frame
right here this guy replaced that this
will slip back into the slot yeah so
that didn't break it should be pretty
simple kick right go ahead and on it
look at that balance did hi the boys had
so much fun playing outside
it is definitely fast times they are
stinky and dirty huh so I am coming in
here going to check out steam bath bombs
I got actually got these bath bombs in
Florida I think they're called Basin
they're down to Disney springs area
difference well I wouldn't say they're
better than a lot but I did get pokemons
goshawk I thought that would be fun to
do with the boys and see what's inside I
speak they're the surprises out here can
you put this one in there yeah okay
you think there's a dinosaur in there I
can't fall yes I think any help okay
here you hold the camera on mama and the
other needs some help
tiffany rowell for old alright I'm just
gonna break it open here we go
all right here it is oh you guys see but
Finn see it lets in see it first
not cool okay you want to put it in
there oh it's going get you boys in here
Jay okay what is it ollie adaptable
please repair down so we spend your like
pok√©mon's I don't know it's one that is
Kate put it back in the water he's
almost out and you look so cute that's
why I was like a monkey Ollie I what is
name Oh looks like it's a Timnath polish
I think that I spit but
simha's sauce but that's what it looks
like in like you
you
