all right you guys the flag is set and
it's Olly Olly kind of cheated Holly you
have to wait till I say go okay
good morning what are you doing you're
playing a game yeah that's so cool
good morning guys it is another
beautiful day here in sunny Southern
California and thing is working on Tic
Tac Toe skills right he likes to come
into my office and just play with all my
little treasures huh I kind of like it
it's kind of cool but those ones there
sound like a puzzle huh
yeah how you doing this morning fan good
you're pretty good now that you put that
all together huh there was kind of a
rough night actually for both the boys
they woke up and came into our room at 4
a.m. and we had to remind them that it
was not time to get up they have this
little owl that they squeeze and I don't
know if it just wasn't working or they
just like literally couldn't deal but
Ollie is at preschool today which means
it's just Finn and I and he normally
hangs out in my office but what's really
cool is now that his bedroom is Ali's
bedroom right next to my office right in
here he can usually play in here while I
get work done yeah you want to go play
so Daddy can get some work done yeah
okay I see him pointing to something up
here and I think it's kylo ren's head
this was from a kylo ren figurine that
the boys got for christmas poor kylo ren
luna got to him hopefully this isn't
like foreboding of like what's gonna
happen in the next Star Wars movie you
want to see kylo okay here you go oh no
where's this body do you know where his
body is at yeah so I got a couple of fun
new additions to my office that I wanted
to show you guys real quick
Wow Finn babbles in the background
though sitting right next to my Cosmo is
my new Alexa how's it going I'm great
I've been thinking about what makes
people happy for me it's the little
things like electrons or sea monkeys or
the five trillions digit of pi
interesting spot to sit on my desk and
it's really cool cuz it like plays music
it shows me the time it's really neat
but I
also finally got a good speaker in my
office so now I can tell Alexa to play
some music you want to play some music
Finn yeah what do you wanna listen to
daddy's album okay Alexa play the song
Idaho in the office Idaho by Bryan
Lanning playing on office how cool is
that you guys do you like the song thing
yeah it's so crazy this song you guys is
from my debut album that I released last
year it's almost been one full year can
you guys believe that my album US has
been out for almost a whole year and
it's crazy you guys don't have it yet I
have it discounted quite a bit so if you
guys want to go into the iCard on itunes
it's the cheapest I could make the album
so I was like you know what it's been a
year let's let people who haven't been
able to get it get it and enjoy it
because I love it and it's just like the
stories that are really close to our
family and our hearts so but yeah I love
the sound coming from us this is doe
face is filled with a channel a body is
closed under blanket starts from the
walls that others
I realized we were on top of the world
we were kings and queens
doing a little plant inventory of all of
our houseplants and this is all that we
have left that have survived this summer
you guys this don't look at this one
this one isn't doing so hot this one's
doing okay this one's doing really good
these three are doing really good look
at my cactus you guys it's like such a
weird shape I'm not even sure what's
really going on took them all out of the
house and we're trying to put everything
back to where it goes because everything
kind of got torn apart when we did
Christmas stuff so got them all out here
gonna give them some Sun and water them
and we actually have a bunch of plants
that didn't make it which means that we
have a lot of empty pots we can start
going to farmers markets and getting
plants for the house also soaking my air
plants right now - all right so I'm back
at the barn and I brought karma
he's meeting chief right now which chief
is like a 1 year old so he's about Lunas
age and Karma's teaching him who's boss
right now but really wanted to bring him
out to get him comfortable with all the
different farm animals and of course
horses because eventually we might have
horses on our property
karma is just like so excited he's like
um I should live here do you want to see
that goat do you want to meet Billy come
meet Billy what do you think of this go
over here see Billy he's right up there
what do you think of this goat he's like
I'm just gonna avoid that goat
what do you think of him he's like by
when karma first saw him though he ran
in the barn and he saw Billy the goat
and he literally stopped in his tracks
and turned around and ran so I think
it's first time he's like what is that
but now I was like I don't know what it
is it looks weird he's not scared of you
and he's not aggressive towards though
he was just like what is that I don't
see it I'm getting not shot right now
I'm actually gonna read saddle him I
need to make his settle tighter which
the straps don't fit him right now so
I'm gonna do some hole punching and a
bunch of stuff to get it nice and tight
so it actually fits that when I ride I
don't feel like I'm kind of slipping
which it hasn't been too bad but it is
definitely a little loose even the
stirrups are a little too long and
they're at the shortest summer do some
hole punching no doing really good
though how do you think of that crime I
wish your mama don't dig a hole
don't dig a hole I'm gentle
good job karma what your mama doing up
there what's your mama doing up there
huh go check it out go see what his
mom's doing done so good he's gonna love
going on on trail with her all right
yeah official ranch dog now okay all
right I just gave him a quick little
ride did a trot and a canter around and
it was awesome really fun I really have
to get back so I can get to lunch I'm
hungry now my brother's given him a
quick little ride my brother hasn't
probably it's been a long time for him
so he's doing here a natural Jimmy ollie
did your friends pick you up from school
that's so cool oh really
was he afraid oh he was cool yeah hey
guys all of Ali's friends are here so
cute you guys want to play okay
hey thing you should probably took your
arm in there there you go
better all right you guys the flag is
set and it's Ollie ollie kind of cheated
Ollie you have to wait till I say go
okay all right on your mark get set go
who's gonna go first oh good job dude
it's cuz he's taller all its okay all
these boys police officers report for
duty sergeant ollie is calling the shots
apparently you're so cute check out this
beautiful sunset and we have coyotes out
already coyotes don't normally come out
until it's like dark out and I could
hear them in the house was like sorry
dog in my backyard not my dog and yeah
they're like right over there great
thing I came out here and I was like oh
this sunsets amazing let me second look
at that so pretty actually just got back
from the ranch I went riding again I
took Brooke because she wanted to go
check it out and yeah so much but I love
going up there guys so I'm making the
kids dinner right now and I just had to
pull up the camera because I'm so silly
so I'm making it really easy dinner
tonight I'm making Dino nuggets because
you know Mama's oh yeah right here I'm
sure a lot of moms can feel me on that
but um I really wanted to make these
little mashed potato letters one my kids
don't like mashed potatoes so I'm like
maybe you know the like of it they're in
a fun shape like this they have letters
and I really wanted to give Ollie the
letter he's learning this week which is
P and so I'm like pulling out the
letters to see if I can find P and I
dump them all out now on my counter by
the way and there's no P like where's
the P so I guess I'm gonna like maybe a
D D um oh oh for Oliver that'll be good
is there an F F F F okay I'm gonna have
to break off one of these making an SEO
for Mama mmm Oh a that's a good one I
don't know I guess I could make this
appeal I don't know
I'm bummed they only give you so many
letters like what the heck they should
give you at least the whole outs with it
all right dinner is ready for the boys
we've been trying to do dinner all
together lately but today I'm just like
look so tired
oh and I don't even know what I'm eating
for dinner so now they're eating and I'm
actually really proud of them you guys
are eating your chicken and the
alphabets do you like the alphabet yeah
yeah Oh indeed darkness okay go for it
Oh oh my goodness and Finn what are you
trying milk
China's milk he's dipping his letters
into ranch and he hasn't quite tried the
ketchup yet huh I think you'd like the
ketchup yeah I don't seem to want to try
this stuff you don't to try that
no Finn did you try this you made me buy
it did you try it yeah try it let me see
no not no oh my goodness all right then
what time is it
yeah Finn got first-class transportation
to the bedroom didn't she
well hello Darth Vader are you tired
the boys are in their Star Wars pajamas
the force is strong with this one right
yeah we're hanging out underneath the
top bunk we're on the bottom bunk ah
where I think no one see yet to sleep
overnight in but Finn has taken a nap
down here it's kind of like a useless
part of the bed but it may be necessary
in the future so let me keep it okay
come down here r2 or not are to your
bb-8
what's up bb-8 but I think that's all
for today's vlog and a vlog if you guys
enjoyed it be sure to give it a big
thumbs up thumbs up oh you're dr. Darth
Vader okay alright what do you say
