yeah make sure you share with your
brother Finn okay if you want some
that is a ginormous bite of ice creaking
oh my gosh wherever you are that's where
ever wanna be Oh big time
yeah your dog
just again
with me
good morning the necklace do you see how
affectionate she is she's so
affectionate she just loves cuddles and
kisses and hugs and touch don't you good
morning guys it is a beautiful day today
I'm just hanging out outside just
finished cleaning up this porch area a
little bit I love hanging out out here
before the Sun what goes over the ash
because then it's like good I know you
just fell off easily
Luna is such a good puppy Cosette come
on the next minute there we go ha ha
don't never leave it leave it
I love hanging out out here because it's
just so nice and you can literally like
hear the birds and the trees blowing in
the wind it's amazing look at her she's
literally like falling off the car okay
rub your belly
everybody in here later oh hey don't rub
it belly she's like oh yeah
this is the light guys about once world
cup here today it's Thursday Missy and I
actually have a really big thing we're
doing tomorrow so we're going to be away
from the kids all day today so I'm going
to try and have an extra fun day with
oli and Finn today and do something
really special I think but I got to give
this one work too hard little puppy I
ladled una lu what do you guys think for
nicknames we call her name is Luna okay
we call her luna lu we color Lu but if
you guys have any other nickname ideas
let me know in the comments below I
think that'd be cute huh
you're gonna give you a nickname okay a
real real nickname sometimes you call it
Luna Lovegood - that's kind of if she's
named after you were just such a sweet
cool good morning what are we doing
today ollie I'll be trying a plank race
car yes so we're going to do something
really special today we are gonna set up
magic tracks
so this is a kind of racetrack that's
like bendable and flexible and it glows
in the dark
I remember we saw this a lot around
Christmastime in the mall and all he
loved playing with them on a little
kiosk just enough until the people were
like okay you need to take your kid in
the keyboard buddy boy yes we have some
what we have one two three four we have
four tracks each one does 11 feet so
we're going to have 45 feet of racecar
track that's pretty cool yeah that is so
I think I we are going to set up
something really cool in Ali's room all
right
count them you want to count them yeah
okay hey count how many we have one
sweet one two three four but nice try
buddy here that's so nice Oh each one
comes with one race car so we should
have four cars okay that's all the track
huh and it's all like flexible there you
go you know how to do it there we go
you want to put it together
how about you lay of all where you want
them to go and I'll snap them together
okay and we can make the biggest trap
ever
do you think we should go on top of your
bed what check your stuff
Oh
all right before we get the main track
set up I got something really cool for
you to play there look just a circle
that you can tilt it you think we can
get the carnet what tendencies it works
ready look at that Wow
too much they're going times put some
support under it a little bit okay okay
ready
what okay watch this
well doctor that's so cool my little
dude
all right ollie look what we did you see
this huge tract we just created the
craziest track here in all these room
and we're going to test it out for the
first time okay
yeah you excited yeah what are you doing
with your eye I hear and the pine guys
pipe oh you're a pirate
yeah I think right now ollie we're race
car drivers huh yeah we're a broom groan
hmm
we got our track we've got our cars
ready to put them on and see if it works
yeah okay there's one two don't like the
raisin huh three over word ladies are
going up that was factored ha look all
husband oh here you go
Go Go they're going you're going you see
oh he's going down Oh too much fun okay
where's the pointing ha ha we're gonna
go
go go go go go
you
I open word them go
they're like off-road and hop ring groom
that goal
the coolest thing about this thing is a
close in the dark so we are going to
turn off the light look at that
that was seriously so much fun wasn't it
oli returned his whole bedroom and cute
a racecar driver found that little
derailed that happens up there come I
love doing things like this because all
he loves it but I also love it too
because I'm just a big kid here it goes
shoot up soon oh there's one coming up
there's one coming up right now they're
doing a pretty good loop now without
with minimal correction hi my you're
home karma had a little sleepover with
Mimi Papa last night way to play for no
reason I ain't home in there they're
happy to be back together or maybe just
was like that break was much needed
alright so I'm ready to show you guys my
chickens going out here and I thought
just cut pants because she do and see if
she's still broody if you guys don't
know if you watch yesterday he is broody
which means she's sitting on eggs she's
hoping they'll hatch they're not fertile
right now but I might go get some
fertile eggs pretty here pretty soon
here so she can maybe hatch some eggs
which would be pretty cool hello I want
to chickens I love this fresh the
freshness in here it doesn't feel dirty
at all news pan till her broody self how
you feeling
he'll have any ask gloves on someone
free to do clothes but I don't know how
many eggs she has it's possible because
I watched we have camera right there I
watched the other chickens come up here
and lay literally in the same box and
then she'll just scoop them right under
her so as possible she has more because
I only see one egg in here that's been
laid and I've got five laying chickens
because that's the thing too is when
she's pretty she won't wait for me which
is kind of a bummer but I'm willing to
give up her egg if I'm going to have two
chicks well the sad thing is that we
decide to not do chicks I have to
somehow get her to stop being greedy it
can be kind of hard on them to just sit
there for days on end with no reward I
got one egg you might have more under
her I did mark the ones that I've been
letting her sit on that way I can just
let her keep sitting on those ones and
then switch out the other ones but I
think I'll leave her alone for a little
bit and maybe check her a little bit
later
I missed you miss my cuddle buddy last
night yeah I missed you do you like I
made you go around a your face then what
are we watching Wow
cars we're chilling in the playroom
watching some cars they was kind of just
like a cars day Holly yeah we built a
cool track and Ben is up from his nap so
now he's playing with him not cool come
watch this see this little street you
can make it drive on the street you
don't need a track you like comeback huh
can you put it right on the track then
put it right here
put it down it'll Joe it'll go whoa that
cool pen won't let go it'll drive itself
see Wow good homemade ice cream break
y'all actually totally forgot that I
made homemade chocolate ice cream
yesterday so cupcakes doing good pretty
good
yeah make sure you share with your
brother Finn okay if you want some
that is a ginormous bite of ice cream
hold my gosh sinua bite yeah I guess Ben
didn't want a bite how good is it ollie
pretty good huh
yeah look at that must look cute they're
matching clothes What's Wrong Finn Oh
Finn may not want any ice cream because
he has been eating animal cookies all
day and I just found them so there's
that it has been such a nice day I feel
like me and the boys got to play outside
for a little bit it was just a nice day
so Finn is actually in bed now ah a play
gloves he doesn't play grand I know I
couldn't think of anything for dinner so
we ended up at McDonald and they really
quickly but he was kind of sad because
you didn't have a playground but it was
still fun to go to McDonald's ha yeah
and what kind of toy did you get in your
meal yeah pretty cool huh now since in
bed I felt bad and he's in bed and it's
actually kind of daylight out but at
7:30 like it's totally his bedtime but
that's just how I good but as summer
comes it starts to like get bedtime when
it's so late or like lydell's it's kind
of a bummer but also it's kind of nice
because sometimes in the summer you like
to enjoy the day a little bit longer and
you know bedtime might go a little bit
later because we'll be up more and then
he won't be going to bed as early or an
I guess not it's early but when it's
daylight out so
I think it's kind of nice okay I think
we're gonna watch a movie movie Kay yeah
always got about 30 minutes before it's
his bedtime so I'm letting him watch a
little movie real quick and winding down
did you have fun day with Daddy did you
need to play racing cars I'm so jealous
that's pretty cool huh and you are so
happy I just play red car yeah I'm so
happy you played race cars
you
you
