you've been doing this for five man
wherever you are that's why ever wanna
be that big time
just wandering around
just again
Bennett - chickens look at our kids it
looks so cool and they're wearing them
black and instead I'll have a black egg
- yeah you gave Beauty and the Beast
guns yeah baby has been making noise
like a morning oh do you like my muscles
show me your muscles Olly show me your
big muscles her big muscles dude
well hey there guy and Brian had a
little meeting and so we have not been
with the kid my mom and dad actually
were so nice to meet me at Target or me
and Brianna target with the kids then we
get also shopping together they actually
had something to do too so it kind of
worked out and all I tell us they went
away here so he gets to sleep tonight
cheering archonship but you're wide
awake huh you're ready to party you took
a really good nap today so that makes me
happy
but this is usually his little bitch an
hour so hopefully he can get to this
shopping trip without going too crazy
huh Gracie Dada Rosada
who do you see
oh it says Ali's asleep I got my brother
my brother oh hi fun we are at Target
we're getting some groceries yes yes so
we are after the grocery store buying
some goodies got some salad and some
food some kale and spinach for
communities and look what I found I'm so
excited about this fresh mozzarella
that's already pre sliced so what I
thought would be a really good snack is
actually slicing up a tomato put in some
mozzarella on it and then like olive oil
and balsamic because I always love that
when we go eat at Italian restaurant so
let me get a couple of tomatoes but I
never buy tomatoes I don't even know how
to buy them how do you know when they're
right too squishy they supposed to be
firm
I do not know people good morning oli
oli woke up with a hankering for
chocolate milk huh Hey look we got you
some gummy stuff we found these cool
gummy things super brainy mommy Gaia
I'm super food like a syllogism unity
I've been doing a perfect I am in a
probiotic and then something cool
whoa it's so cool
oli woke up in a very good
whoa that was a cool trick dude they got
all kind of stuff is the kids don't
really hold all it amazing technical
yeah I know they spent a lot of really
fun like I always like super ended up
okay must be hungry alright and start
putting stuff up there with the bosses
try again
keep it stuff on there you're good good
job go for it
oh okay Finny it's okay daddy you'll get
it
alrighty guys we just got back from the
grocery store and look what was waiting
for us a huge pile of lumber I have a
feeling all of this soon going to be up
there yes this is the roof for our new
outdoor kitchen yeah we met with the
contractor day and he showed us a couple
of pictures of what it's actually going
to look like it's gonna be so cool I
didn't even realize to on the other side
of it there's just a giant wall that's
raised hey so they I believe are doing
the roof this week or next but it's
going to be like exposed beams and it's
going to match our roof there and then
check out what they did around the pool
they're starting to get ready to lay
coping which is the top of the pool so
they got all of this forms with wood so
they can lay the concrete form at all
not to look good
we were also told some really good news
today by our contractor the pool is
going to be ready by summer time
hopefully and I told him end of May and
he said yes it's going to be done by the
end of May so we're hoping to have our
big pool party beginning of June wait oh
hey what are we waiting for waiting in
full
hey painless house okay you've been
doing this for five minutes you think oh
they're great for always late our food
hey Olli where we are yeah grab a live
dog and we're so very because they have
what in their backyard we have been
medical field so much so I'm going a hot
tub you want to go in the hot tub well
guess what ha ha the pool is warm yeah
in the hot tub it's warm on the top it's
very very cold up on ok we'll stay in
the pool where it's warm ok you want to
do some jumps out swim left oh go go go
go hey Vinny ready to swim - you got a
diving stick jump in
who puts it in the pool Wow some good
swimming dude Ben loves his diving sex
chicken all right all is going to
perform the most epic step eggs go oh
the fun what oh mama that's crazy
go Feeny go Feeny will be jump will he
step ladies and gentlemen hey Dad you
got him good
how's that I don't do it
if I have to beg Superman
I know my limit
all right I have some diving it okay
killing me
you got your goggles on yeah you ready
to die for him okay how you get on
whoa you're before me wha you took good
did
I'm three all right only the time and I
isn't it yeah get fun I'll read a book
to you know me read the crocodile book
get quick haul convoy actually stuff
with the crocodile all night last night
- did you have fun swim in yeah did you
say Thank You Jeffrey for letting me
swim in your pool
yeah some choco milk it was a really
good point today so I can't shut the
milk no Turk you guys hope you guys
enjoyed today's video if you did be sure
to give it a thumbs up please subscribe
we'll see you manana Olli what do you
say my
you
