whoa look at him go it's like they're
racing what you think's going to win oh
there's another one since we got
Lightning McQueen in the action Oh
whatever you are that's where I wanna be
big time
just one around here how can you die
coming all just again
compared with me good morning
Ellie what are we doing this morning I'm
counting so kids are online it was a
very making me remember good morning you
guys we are all in the kitchen and
everyone's doing something to print
we're unloading dishwashers we're making
bread we're cleaning up and I'm so
excited because tonight we are going to
have a really yummy dinner I want a
mystery Ehlinger to the filet mignon
roast that we have at Easter and I told
Ellie you have to make those breasts
that you and your mom made because
they're incredibly her mom made them for
us a lot of time we were there and they
were so good I even went out and bought
the biggest metal bowl I could find just
for now I know he's just so it's been a
good morning just getting everything
ready for the day Finn is helping unload
right then do you know that spoon
bouquet pin put the spoon right there
good job such a good helper okay here's
some music going on
if someone playing music oh my gosh this
is adorable
oh hey Calvin what are you doing you
serenading us with some piano yeah
ah dad got a full house let's find some
other kids others Jackson Holly what are
you doing my shooter it looks like a gun
but this is actually a microphone that
is very important so that we do thank
you sweetie you win a cape let me see
your cape oh that's so cool you Superman
or super ollie
pretty good bro all right we were
getting ready to leave and all we is
playing his shoes on all by himself look
at that he just did this one all by
himself and now he's doing this one mmm
so good Olly are you showing Jackson now
oh it's a little backwards you did a
really good job but let me just push it
around for you okay so you put it
through the buckle right then what do
you do I'm surprised you always smell so
cool you can easily in my seat okay that
can only sit on your lap in the car
toddlers room yes big all be sitting on
top of the cars we are at it in the free
bridge for lunch
I asked to do free work today for lunch
because apparently they brought back
their pot brownies theirs is the
yummiest lessons together and they got
rid of them for the longest time if they
were doing like the school day one
whether it's not as good I'm old I've
been asking them forever innocence and
ice on their Instagram
bottom back for 420 I know contemporary
hey better have them excited here they
are in all their glory babe hot
boundaries I had to get two so we could
save one for later
Holly always wants to do this little
coin thing but a few coins B to Jackson
K put it right there and it'll fall in
okay whoa look at him go it's like the
RACI what you think's going to win oh
there's another one
oh if you got lightning McQueen in the
action Oh who's going to win lightning
McQueen or the pennies
that's good all right we are at the
start picking out a birthday present for
Bailey and look at all these new hat I
like your hat ollie Chloe dance is you
dance with them all the kids brought the
baby bird sounds right now okay there's
some guys can you dance a big
advancement ha ha ha
look what I just walked down to them
everyone's watching a movie right now
there's some crazy stuff going on right
outside the movie theater
I
see I didn't hear me explain I left
everyone at the movie theater because
I'm headed to Bailey's birthday party
today she's five and I know oli and
Brian was allowed to go but we do have
friends in town and we just figured
they'd probably rather like do that and
go home and hang out and just she'll
cook this is actually their last day so
I'm gonna come and hang out with Ben and
I got a ride with my mom and dad over
here I bet you a go to a birthday party
you can sing happy birthday all right we
got our presents and we're ready
uncle's here me me papa happy birthday
called are you high she's a beautiful
princess she's askin oh so you're a
shopkin hilarious huh
I know I'm sorry all I had to say was a
friend he didn't get to come I'm sorry
what to do a special playdate for you
okay but he picked you out a really cool
president came okay
all righty guys we are back from the
movies and the mall we had a great day
relaxing we actually saw a boss baby
which was super cool and I love the
message behind it so now we are back in
the kitchen Ellie and I and we are
cooking up a feast I have my center-cut
filet mignon I'm going to pre sear it
tossed it in the sous-vide and Ellie is
making a life she's got some bread that
she's forming right here that's going to
rise for a little bit so I think the
kids are going to eat some rolls we're
going to feed them put them to bed and
then we're going to have our special
nice dinner with some peace and quiet
which might be nice
Bebe's opening up the presents at all
about all I picked out for you and Finn
a tea set Oh a package it's like for the
best women when you go like a little
dress another package that's what always
picked out for you all I picked out just
for you a little tiny pop you know and
all right boys what are we doing yeah so
we have a cotton candy maker and this is
the trolls party refill pack so it comes
with special ones that light up and not
cool yeah both of these boys have been
so good higher trip I thought that they
would have an absolute blast making
their own cotton candy saybolt club's
rolls so this is going to be fun and
possibly extremely messy we'll see who
is at the light-up one oh that's so cool
alright boys who is this
princess papi
the
alright boys we got pink vanilla blue
raspberry and red cherry which one you
guys want to do first blue you want P
what does it smell like to you cotton
candy
all right we are heating up the real
cotton candy maker right and you got a
magic wand don't ya
I can
is it working yes does it work what oh
look at that
it's troll hair yeah it's not just going
to be yummy
all right guys we're doing red cherry
now let's put that in and we're gonna
use the puppy wanna hear so much over
this one like that to allymac cool
whoa look at that cotton candy in that
cool do you like it all these time it
came out purple what do you think is it
good oh my God look at his mouth really
moly
and it's those sirens oh ha ha ha ha oh
my god did your kid knows how do you got
incanting like to come over and eat and
we're gone it's going to be gone I kind
of stay in a little bite Holly what do
you think is it got it good kind of good
this tastes like Hagar yeah so what do
you guys think about the cotton candy is
it good yeah I don't know about this
machine
that's all I made quite a mess yeah and
a lot of sugar got wasted at the bottom
of it didn't you finish yeah Oh crunchy
which is interesting
yeah it is it's like really hard I think
it means it's under heated I don't think
the machine gets really hot enough to
make good time yeah
that's so weird like clunking yeah well
it tried you guys got a little snack out
of it didn't ya you want this one
there's no cotton candy on ago
I avoid you guys are having some
strawberries with your dinner so we're
going to see the top of the strawberries
to the chickens does that sound good
let's meet the chickens I'm going to
show you how to do it kay you guys are
going to take your stem and you're going
to hold it up to chicken and say here
tikka tikka tikka tikka tikka well as
you dig it it's out in here
alright you going to try all these okay
you get one here tikka tikka - oh that's
not all fighting over that one hey go
you get one you get one and you get one
so here chicky chicky chicky chicky
all right there's your snack guys I hope
you like it so Ali has been working so
hard on these rolls all day these look
incredible these ones are rising a
little bit more for us tonight and we
just pulled out these look amazing looks
so good
Ali what do you want you want bread
well Ali made you special bread are you
excited
okay might be the best friend you've
ever tasted but careful you gotta be
careful you might burn yourself you're
excited I can tell oh my heaven
look at this roll babe it's piping hot
right here let's change by the peach
bite hand of it oh my gosh it's so
fluffy and buttery and salty oh I want
this I only took all day holy the best
that I've ever made so ruler yeah cuz
these are very tiny so the other you
have that next Bowl huh no thank you
what is this on top of the potatoes that
Jared s Meachem is cheese yeah just a
little like this stuff oh it's more
potato support potato it's a stuffed
baked potato you never had a stuffed
baked potato like you know why because
he's not from Idaho
oh right I know look that was my segue
into Carl I'd hold you Idaho Carlin the
boys stop by caller the boy stop by just
in time actually for this amazing that I
look at these roles this meat these
potatoes I'm very excited to been making
this all day haven't we Ellie now it's
time to eat
yes kid I eat little kids you guys are
good you guys are well-behaved
