my friend do you see your friends coming
up the steps you kidding me
whatever you are that for ever wanna be
that big top
go get your dog coming all right again
good morning guys
guess what I don't think that I have
started this vlog in a mere or even near
vlogs in a really long time if you guys
have watched this for a long time we
used to do this all the time because I
thought it was cool that you guys can
see the camera you guys can see me you
can see how see how the bacon gets made
it's so disagree but anyway good morning
I'm in our guest room
we've got Belle and the Beast ready to
greet our new visitors who are going to
be our guests and a dad joke myself into
this day okay so if you guys don't know
Ellie and Jared and the boys are coming
over today we're so excited because they
were gonna come over tomorrow and then
they decide to come over early so if we
can hang out with them for longer and
I'm really excited because Jackson and
only get along so well I love hanging
out with Ellie and Jared there's so much
fun and there's some of our oldest
friends and they are on YouTube
themselves we kind of started our
journeys together which is really neat
one thing you need to know if you ever
come stay with us if you ever come stay
at our casa if you're ever going to be
our guest we like to go above and beyond
okay this is what I call a welcome
basket this is the little bucket that
sits in this guest room and whenever
people come over we put some of their
favorite things in here so we have
swedish fish
which Jackson and Calvin love red wines
which are Ellie's favorite
she's specially always eating red vines
that it's so weird because seems like
such an old-fashioned ending I'm not a
fan but Ellie likes it we also have some
DP in here for Jared and I have one
other funny little thing yeast may seem
weird but not if you know that Ellie and
her mom make the best homemade rolls
ever so I threw some euston here to
remind Ellie hey I need you to make some
rolls man so we'll probably have a
dinner one night where we have rolls
fresh homemade rolls so that's their
little welcome basket this room is all
ready for them to come and save us a
little of this coy huh I don't know what
it was some sort of you got it I'm
gonna get it I'm gonna get it look at
karma - she's like get it karma get all
I get there
oh that's adorable how you doing girl
you doing okay enjoying the Sun they are
so cute together
what they're being so cute what's up
dude you plan on your scooter you ready
to hang out with Calvin yeah he's been
so talkative but he kind of just goes
yeah the dogs have been playing out here
all day enjoying the Sun I feel like -
ever since they got their training
together they're a lot better friends
karma definitely puts up with a lot more
and Luna gives him a lot less to put up
with so kind of works out a lot of you
guys been asking about Luna and she is
doing really great with her training I
try to do it it's like at least 2025
minutes a day just kind of get that
reminder she still kind of pushes back a
little but that's normal so as long as
we could keep it up I'm in charge but
she just gets to be a puppy right now
look at Luna wants it but she already
has something in her mouth good oh he
like get out of my way girl good job
like a job last night was after we ended
the vlog but we actually watched dogs
purpose and it was one of the Chiefs
movies ever and Missy was cuddling with
karma and I was cuddling with Luna it
was good
you
you guys I have been running around all
morning and I finally have Ellie's
present all together and I'm super
excited about it they are coming today
and so I'm going to show you what we got
her because I'm really excited about it
basically first it's like in this little
basket which I'll probably end up
shipping to her so she'd have to carry
it on her bag and then basically I got a
bunch of really fun Pottery Barn Bath
stuff so here is far company what is
this is the butter lotion sign shea
butter lotion and it smells so good and
I got this really comfy soft robe and
then I've got this bath soap from the
same company it looks like little like
little pebbles I don't know if it's like
a salt but it looks kind of fun I might
be even like a bubble bath here's some
little potpourri that I thought was
really cute some bath bombs some bubble
baths I got her some little flowers that
I thought would be fun either around the
bathtub or just in the house and a
little candle is really really cute I'm
going to just kind of do this and put a
bow on it and yeah I'm really excited I
think she feel like it what is that do
you see your friends coming up the steps
yeah I think they have Jackson and
Calvin he's so excited
wait they're going to be over here Holly
come here so walk up the steps go to the
front door don't open it yet
hey hurry up hang on Olli you so excited
who's here come here come here I see
them coming around the mountain when she
comes
ready who is that go get them who enters
our fortress
oh hey long time no see hi jack
what's up dude I lied you give them a
hot game a big hug yeah I cow what's up
dude hey kiddo how was the trip in no
good good for my ready to come yeah
ready to get out of there you guys are
all did beat out yeah yeah oh it's so
beautiful right now - did you get Jarrod
go get him just slice him up oh no he's
gonna good - and he's dead
and he's dead get up get up get him this
is the newest member of our family on me
yeah Luna Lou Kenny and fair would be in
such good for was are they about the
same size
nope any little beggars my finger yeah
and a lot this is our puppy she's being
so good - she's like so gentle yeah
thank you girl
go run away she may never want a little
oh really oh she's a hearty she's
hurting him she's like you're a sheep I
need to hurt you Jackson what do you
think of our puppy so he's coming back
he's got a sword they're ready to go to
town okay have fun that's it you don't
even have to watch Jackson anymore he's
compact hey we gotta go get the eggs
every day to get my eggs
I always I'm either really excited or
I'm not at that yeah I can't go to the
back but I kind of like going to this
friend because I'm I do it
he looks much bigger person oh cool
all right how many we had oh sorry bye
hey shouldn't do this call her hey cuz
she's kind of creepy oh forget them - oh
I forgot my god I totally forgot I Luna
was out here because the chickens always
just want to run outside Bri she's like
oh my god look I even know I still
hasn't figured out how to control
herself with the chickens she just
thinks they're fun toys poor egg oh yeah
one of them keeps between that double yo
I haven't yet you have it not yet this
is so nice just sitting out here
relaxing with our friends sipping on
some dr. P and the boys are playing so
good together
oh look a little are you a cowboy she
loves me she is but the lovers and we
discover trampoline out here and the
kids are just playing so good together
yeah
is not good
what do you think of a getup
let's go man
hey Jackson all he's hiding can you find
him
where is he's hiding where is he I
actually kept hearing him and I was like
where you count Jackson is he'll hide in
the same spot okay I shut this okay is
he in here you got higher than that -
you guys can hang out in there if you'd
like
daddy hi okay you hide Jackson and all
you count
okay good Coen ollie where could he be
no dinner no where is he
yeah okay we met playing hide-and-seek
it's more like they're acting
I didn't think Oh T dude this kid he's a
bunch of spaghetti got really messy and
took a back so it did this kid oh by the
way you guys just what it would look
like if we had to employ there's no
funny I got them both on the bat I
shared them both I precises on the
bottom like I feel like I'm fine so
Ellie and Jared are actually at Urgent
Care with Jackson he had a little
trouble with his finger so they're gonna
go check it out so we are taking care of
Calvin along with our two boys yes and
it's been so fun I think didn't love
having another little another little guy
to play with yeah so cool
famous literally a lot of speak Alvin
yeah but we don't do it he's so funny
both of these voices have like the
coolest personalities don't do that okay
we gotta get these kids ready for bed
we got my twins Jesus be exhausting all
right Brian
is putting sin to bed the boys got their
jammies on they're all clean and Calvin
and karma and all a girl I'm going to
stay up there and cuddle you think
you're talking come on I got this boy
you need Karma he protects you yeah I'm
just gonna let them relax on the couch
for a little bit before bedtime
and we're watching Beauty and the Beast
and Moon is in her cape getting ready to
go to bed - being from LA and Jackson
are headed back now so hopefully
everything that good you'll have to
definitely go check out their blog to
see what happens or hear about it but
yeah I think we're go ahead and the fall
we're gonna put all the kids to bed
early through here and just relax for
the night so make sure you give this
video a big thumbs up if you enjoyed it
and we'll see you guys tomorrow
ollie and Calvin do I say bye boo
Oh
