here comes fake hiccups today don't get
dropped in there now looks like a good
place to get trapped good job dude
wherever you are that's what ever wanna
be all
that big top inside
just one another
are you God coming all right again
come with me come on and dude what are
we looking at dinosaur footprint whoa
whoa we found some pterodactyl footprint
we're at the Grizzly Peak challenge
trail doing just a little bit of walkin
before we leave today and head home
these are bighorn sheep
footprints okay follow them look good
they come all the way up here it's cool
huh specific so this is the Grizzly Peak
challenge trail it's just like ladders
and stairs and nets and lots of fun
stuff to climb
you did it ollie
hi ollie we told Holly to go up there on
his own and he's totally doing it what a
kid hi buddy
is it cool up there hey dude look I'm
under you
that's so cool he's being such a big boy
right now bridges a little cables to see
wobbly bridge here comes here comes
three don't get trapped in there now
looks like a good place to get trapped
good job dude
Oh
all right I'm going to touch it and see
if you're done I'll go ahead touch it
look at that oh I just gone this is some
collie with Ollie
Oh
fish all right let's see Mike Oh stunk -
then you and I are skunk we cook
together
alright Jax is going to touch it see
what a spirit animal this bullet there
whoa it's a little scary huh Oh Jackson
your bear ollie Jackson's appear
I'll ease up there again how's that so I
did what happened you leave us you
alright let's get down please huge log
slides crazy dude you are not climbing
on top of that you're crazy
come on go Jackson woo you gotta lift up
your feet your feet are your brakes
alright so we took a quick stop at
Starbucks we're on our way to something
really cool and I had to do it Missy
please don't make fun of me Oh guys oh I
got the Unicorn Travis oh my god look at
that it what is it a flavor changing
Frappuccino I don't know my try a thing
that's really weird
you're going kind Claire knee that's
definitely strawberry oh yeah - alright
always know that's pretty cool alright
covered oh oh we had a fun little
morning of Disneyland and we're actually
killed a little bit of time before we
had to do something kind of fun my
cousin
and rode em up game are you ready to see
them they've been in a few of our videos
their daughter Olivia absolutely
adorable looks like boo from monsters
Ian Casey and Rose are actually
firefighters roses on maternity leave
right now
but Casey works at a really awesome fire
station that is nearby and she arose
invited us all to go to the fire station
and kind of take a tour and I think
we're going to check out like the fire
struggling something like that always
kind of known was going on but she's
like I need to take a nap if I'm going
to enjoy this so Jax is making both the
boys are taking a nap which is kind of
nice we're a little bit early so
probably less impressed a little bit but
I'm so excited for them to get to kind
of do this I don't think we've ever done
anything like this
yeah it's I think always going to be a
real party healing and he said that they
had donations they don't do that justic
actually I think okay they're gonna be a
dummy image like no no that's not a
thing crispy it's a game for Rose I'm
sure Katie ledecky food always been a
huge dog person
but yeah I'm actually really excited I
think always going to love it he is like
really into Marshall from paw Patrol
foods like a fire dog would also tell me
the hook yeah I think it'd be really
excited she advises like I just was
wearing fire spider pajamas I want to
share news in doubt like uh yeah yes so
should be fun
Holly were here ah we're at the fire
station are you excited
did you have a nice nap ah did you been
sleep I've been trying to wake you up
oh wow you woke up with a smile on your
face are you just so happy to be here
yeah yeah alright I think we can go in
now okay alright waking not another
night in you we're going to a real fire
station and we're going to see a real
big fire truck sound cool
then are you excited yeah he's like I'm
so happy what are we doing
Oh what color is it oh it's red before
Wow yeah you really like Marshall from
paw patrol huh
and he's a firefighter and you know your
cousin Katie's a firefighter and you
liked a sixth rift it does like for the
time
Wow you get to see a real fire truck wow
they're climbing Oh crikey all right
Ben's in charge of hoses and you can
drive it how about that
look you've been driving a flower shop
okay all right you need to wear your
mama
I've been a cold and bucket of ice I've
been trapped like my Nana I've been
looking for a way out and like Tom's
father
no need
that's the hose are you gonna get this
court in yeah are you excited yeah
about that fire marshal
already
good job Ali's put out the fire we don't
need a few
he ever played the money I know by the
way
a little wet
some of your muscles did whoa
all right then he's going to try it now
Wow
all right we are finally home and
there's have been some really awesome
big improvement on our pool remodel
primed it all before we left
babe wait really are you doing that
you're crazy speaking so I know there's
probably lots of different layers for
painting so we can see it's just
starting to all kind of come together
it's got like some masti parts and dark
spots and it's interesting this is just
white hair it almost looks like skipping
like fresh stuff yeah it is pretty
incredible
pretty incredible this is all almost
finished you guys which is nuts
and yeah I think they I don't think they
painted over there much could tell but
Holly what do you think that's cool yeah
it looks good he said and then look what
I found over here you guys
a box full of molds and things that they
have started making so we have starfish
these things the sand dollars shell the
head of something which Jim says is an
eel you think I said eel head yeah I
mentioned something like a fish skeleton
stuck in the rock would be cool they're
going to be putting them all on
decorating Vegas Tibetan stuff with the
water oh yeah yeah yeah totally
yeah it was it was undone top part was
I'm done before we left I finished it
all right guys it is gettin late fins in
bed the dogs are in bed and I tell you I
am exhausted we've really did anything
today but I feel more tired today than I
did yesterday so I think I'm just
walking up to a good night's sleep but
we're actually playing a little Sunday
tomorrow are you excited for tomorrow
can't you don't know what we're gonna do
tomorrow like you guys okay
very good you gave it away my house is
video and that guy can play with you
mm-hmm
so anyways we are going to go ahead and
the video make sure you give this video
clips also you guys tomorrow you say bye
you
