lolly sleeping okay how do we love you
wherever you are that whatever wanna be
oh that big rock adopted
I am
good mine someone's rate in the toy box
this morning I don't know what he does
but he loved climbing in the toy box and
stepping out all the toys I think maybe
he's getting like a foot massage with
the with the toys he just like steps on
them and massage her feet me I don't
know
ooh Jessie's hat look at that I always
find him hanging out in the toy box I'll
stop funny you take a morning pin you
say good morning not yet maybe tomorrow
good morning guys it has been such an
awesome productive morning I got up and
I made breakfast I clean the kitchen and
I got ready all before 11:00 thanks to
its might seem a little funny but
because you get a little bit crazy in
the morning I'm gonna film outside an
old video and I'm just finished in my
hair which I have not thrown my hand a
while been doing it straight because it
just seemed easier but I'm excited to
have it a little bit curled today and I
am sitting on this basically a shower
bed right now because the chairs that I
did have in here broke I had like a
really big like comfy like really smushy
chair fitting which is really sick one
night Brian found it and it literally
just like broke and the chair was
clearly like just can I think we like
have spent it a couple times so one of
the legs is kind of like gave out
finally so it was really scary again
Brian was holding thin and like
basically fell in kind of like protect
Finn from falling so any basically I do
not have a chair I just have one of
these which works but I would like to
get a new one so anyways off to a
productive day and today we are going to
be saying goodbye to this beautifully
colored on wall wall the painter is
finally coming today which I gotta say
I'm kind of sad it looks really cool I
think but I don't know I'm also ready
for it to be back to normal but it would
be fun to have a wall like even if it
was like in the playroom that was just
kind of colored on with paint but then I
don't want them to color on it all the
time but also I think they can color
almost so I don't know but I think it's
kind of fun to walk in and see like some
coastal art that all I did
what's going on you bring a baby I guess
you can't do that tell me hey always
being a good newborn baby your video
yeah all EMA filmed the video together
on Missy's Channel I'll have a link down
below they answer to questions and it
was so cute because they're like best
friend Peyton you know who you look like
today Minnie Mouse because she has the
hair red polkadot dress just like that
hiya kitty now you are such a good actor
Holly is a very good actor you might see
him on the Disney Channel all right it's
time for that band-aid to come off and
towel is going to help mr. Finnigan take
his band-aid off oh oh oh see she's a
pro at it not cool he got worried them a
little bit I think that was one reason
why all he does not do band-aids when he
gets shots he actually requested no
band-aid one time we did leave it on a
little bit too long and then it hurt
coming off and I just met one coming out
is actually sitting at nap time I
thought you've been saying that she'll
sew on but we are officially going to
start weeding he doesn't nurse very
awesome it is very few times but when he
does it is like he demands it and I'm
kind of just reaching that point where
happening like I love it but it's like a
love-hate relationship right now and
I've never really had that before so
I've been reading up some different ways
to wean basically a toddler because
basically a toddler now he doesn't
really read them yet because he's so
baby I was trying to give him other
things that he enjoys he knows like he's
like I can need my blankie someone sent
that binky get your blankie help there
you go thankee your milk
don't let it come out I'm gonna come out
so what I'm doing is I'm trying to give
him a sort of milky drink before bed
before he goes down when he normally
would want to nurse and making it kind
of super special he only gets it during
the times that he would normally want to
nurse and the drink that I made him is
basically a warmed up whole milk with a
little bit of organic maple syrup I'd
like to use honey but I actually didn't
have any in there and then a little bit
of sea salt I don't know why hey why the
sea salt but he seems to be liking it
it's probably just like a little bit of
a sweeter milk which he doesn't get
unless he nurses hoping that works I
know that he doesn't just drink her
nurse for the milk he also wants to come
first so I'm hoping that he'll be
willing to just do that instead of nurse
it's a very long process I've been doing
this for so long now and I will say that
Ollie was a lot easier to wean than this
one he's addicted huh yeah he did a boob
he's like getting his chair mom let's do
this yeah that did not go well he was
not happy with the milk drink soon as he
sat down he was like mom you know what I
want I had to just lay him in his crib
with his drink he will normally only cry
for like time 15 seconds and then cold
sleeper go to bed
bad idea on look at him he's trying to
fall asleep now
the time has come or cover it up Holly
was not too excited about it it was like
what are you doing mom that is my
masterpiece
so we set up a little area for them to
do some coloring and painting out here
sure all right guys so super change of
plans today I just got done doing a
bunch of stuff and all I walked up to me
he was like mom in my ear hurts I need
medicine
I've been ear infection like what I'm
not a person who's like playing but then
I was like show me with here and he's
like this one out ow he felt super oh
I'm so proud of him for actually telling
me as your hurts but now he's asleep and
I'm running into the doctors I feel like
this is my stuck at home these days I've
been here like constantly hopefully if
he does have an ear infection we caught
it and might be
before as a reciprocating alright so
they just took it
temperature he's actually still he slept
through the temperature and he said and
he does have a low hundred degree fever
so I'm thinking he really does having an
adventure I'm not so positive for
telling me I'm not being scared to go to
the doctor's she was like I'm so one
shot
promising one coulda shot he said I
think I need medicine mama I'm so cute
like I want to flip their look all right
Ali what's the verdict so we went to the
doctor and what did they say you have an
ear infection or no stock in no shots
and no band-aids but do you have an ear
infection yes yeah actually has a
transmission you have a double ear
infection now and that you think he said
Hertz is less infected to than the other
one the other ones more infected than
this one so yeah I'm really bummed but
we got his medicine we got taken care of
just in the nick of time I literally ran
in there at 4:30 they closed up I'm I
need for my you yeah he's like wait
that's it I said yeah I promise no shop
you so much you're so perfect I was like
yes you do take medicine but we're a big
boy so you don't you're not scared right
he's not kids all right
the boy is home how did it go only at
the doctor's okay what'd they say no
babies no shots are band-aids okay but
what did they say about your ears now be
careful both of them hurt so what do you
have though if I'm I love making you my
whitening yeah red red medicine and
white medicine yeah Polly both ears are
infected you have a double ear infection
and you just took your medicine like a
pro didn't you didn't record it just
wants to give you a hug cause he he
knows that you're not feeling well he
wasn't feeling good the other day too
it is just a lover you decide to love
like what do we have a CP care that is
so stinking cool he's gonna love like
yeah we gonna skew brother he's had a
tough day we'll get a cocky not cool oli
more dirt so what kind of dinosaur is
this why he and that's a Power Ranger
that's so cool here you want to play you
can go play good boy get he's so
traumatic sometimes I feel like yeah man
blue he's already ollie already has
manfully ladies and gentlemen I got this
I can come here all you're still gay
lady wants to play too oh I would just
like to add that these are not Legos
they are mega blocks but it is a good
starting point
yeah you did it oh don't try that at
home ladies and gentlemen whoo this is
going to be fun for us yeah yeah that
was huge action you want to go whoa I
see that I'm telling you
Legos like in our blood
hahaha whoa you want to do higher ready
wow that's pretty he yeah that's awesome
good fine babe he loves that
can you hum your Lego sit on it
can you karate chop a dolly cam
recording what do you wanna say oops we
see white light mention it so I need to
remove oh yeah I'm trying to give you a
white medicine and you only like the red
kind yeah so all I had to take is
antibiotic which is white and he
apparently didn't want it so momma and
said gave you the red kind yeah or it
turns red magically I don't know we do
what we can to make our good big
medicine okay so now Missy are you are
you cleaning or okay I got little bit
little my dog's like little page to
display well thank you doing some
organizing anyway Olli you want to end
the vlog today yeah okay thumbs up
subscribe we'll see you manana right
okay bye
you
