get Mallya hard oh then love Molly huh
she's such a good dog now huh yeah she
just kissed my Karen she kissed you guys
wherever you are that way I wanna be
that big duck inside
just one
are you coming all our tricks again
I'm forever yo is
good morning okay I just got out
vitality Ollie wanted to show you guys
he found a giant ally gummy alligator
yeah so where'd you get that
Alex Newton 2000 Alex baby both the boys
including fan had to get shots this
morning didn't we yeah you want to show
them show your arm
they got it right there they gotcha huh
yep there's still a couple of shots left
but all he has to do before he starts
school this year
so we really have to keep up on it huh
okay yeah but it wasn't that bad right
then got three shots today
did they give them a band-aid oh look at
the game I'm a little cars and what's on
this side
can I see this side let me see what's on
this side ooh cars that's so cool he was
a tough guy though ha are you eat his
tail that's cool gummy huh yeah and
we're kicking inside
well he's inside yeah yeah Jerry is it
good yeah Ali is like so traumatized by
the doctors because of he always has to
get shots all the time so he took it a
lot how do you wanted although it was
kind of a nightmare when they're doing
it and Finn was great he cried for like
five seconds and then he was over it but
they did so good so we went and grabbed
breakfast because we had to be out of
the house and 9:00 a.m. which is very
difficult for two little kids so he
didn't have time to really eat breakfast
so we ate breakfast and all he got a
little snack because he just did what
are you doing for anything like you have
a master plan right now Wow can you say
trucks why I can't carry to us it's a
dump truck yes not a dump truck taking
VIN hello bye to your alligator tail
what do you think of that he says it no
miss he has laid out some outfits she
just got for a video she's about to do
and I can't help but think that this
just looks like six fun girls just
hanging out who were raptured and now
all their clothes left oh boy does that
look like that they're all like laid out
there it's like hanging out yeah then
they disappeared the amateurs getting
ready to film a lookbook video for her
channel so be on the lookout for that it
is a beautiful day outside it actually
is a little bit chilly so I put on
another little sweater I did want to say
that my chickens laid five eggs today
five and it's the morning time so I
think I mean if I got six eggs today I'd
be like the happiest chicken lady in the
world it fitted down for now I am
planning on filming a couple videos but
before some of those videos I am going
to put together will attempt to put
together a little something that Brian
purchase and he came out he was like oh
I'm gonna put that together and I was
like can I do it because I love putting
things together but this does seem quite
big I'm a little worried at how much
time it'll take me and how complicated
it might be so if I can't do it I'll
either have Brian do it or like my dad
loves doing stuff like this too so even
someone could probably help me forget
that point but I'm going to see how hard
it is and maybe but maybe all you can
help me out okay you want to build this
together okay let's do it
all right we just opened it and it
really actually doesn't look as hard as
it as I thought it was all the big
pieces are put together there's very
minimal screws and stuff and even the
book is very small so I don't think it's
going to be that hard
and basically what it is it's just a
little storage bin for like the kids
toys and things like that that will put
somewhere and it's really cute and like
real wood and stuff so I think we're
going to go ahead and attempt it okay
okay this is way easier than I thought
so I basically just have six pieces I
just have to basically screw that part
on now and then it will be done so so so
easy and actually really fun to do so we
didn't you feel so accomplished when
you're done but I'm going to take a
break cuz I have to go
so my video now how I'm gonna fix this a
little bit but it looks so good and I
wanted so cute oh it was so fun
thank you how Polly she's just been
picking flowers and bringing him to me
and Paige here now so I have been
attempting today to get our garage clean
we have so many boxes so much stuff that
has to be done and I really want to get
the garage like deep cleaned and like
pressure wash because we haven't done
that since we moved in and the floors
just kind of really need to be just
maintained a little better but believe
it or not this is actually much cleaner
than it has been have a pile of things
that I'm having an electrician install
next week we've got like heaters and
like fire alarms and like boring stuff
like that and then I have like a bunch
of new cushions that came for all the
outdoor furniture that's a new swing I
have to get installed so there's a
couple of things that I've just been
working on maintaining trying to make it
not so cluttered and I did have an
opportunity to put some stuff in the
attic too which is really nice and we
still have a ton of storage room which
is always really good - we have extra
like dining chairs and stuff - for when
company comes all that looks good and it
encloses its dungeon up turn off light
we're finishing up this nifty little
storage box that Missy has take it upon
herself to put together I think is
amazing cuz been sitting in the garage
I haven't had a chance to do it so
getting stuff done today we got this um
Pottery Barn and it's cool because it's
a little nicer than the plastic ones
sure what we'll store in it what are we
gonna store it like blanket toys I mean
it would be cool to put towels in here
but oh yeah yeah we might have another
one for towels
we'll see it's always myself storage
boxes are gonna be folded yeah for
something
there you have it guys outdoor storage
container that's pretty cool it's
probably also fine like a little padding
to go on top yeah doesn't match our wood
exactly but so nice by the way to do a
construction over on the outdoor
collection up earlier that sound cool
makes today girls are getting to work I
think did you something thank you
yeah oh my god fine thanks they all late
today everything one even Susan oh my
gosh it's crazy
Susan did that I just thought one of
them is probably going to be lazy every
single one of them legs look how we got
a half a dozen eggs oh my gosh these are
getting today we are going to be seeing
every single person we have to start
making omelets every morning they then
you girls are working we deserve a night
out on the town we've been popping eggs
out our bung holes and additions the
nest cam show them and we actually watch
Angela popping it out
wait baby after singer fell while he do
it
can you imagine me Madame Gaston can't
you just see stats on his little wife Oh
buddy here's everything they're working
on back here by the way it's going to be
like an outdoor kitchen area with floor
and feeding they're working hard on it
everything was really slow the first
month or so and now everything is moving
along quite nicely so I think we're on
schedule where it all to be done before
summer all right we are good and the
cogs are going on all right we got our
swimsuit and Missy actually prepared a
full dinner we have tub full of sauce
tub full of spaghetti and drinks and
Parmesan cheese and we are headed over
to the Johnson with dinner and we are
going to enjoy a night in my hot tub
because we have missed ours right yep
time to play in the water yeah we're
excited so I got it for the win
okay Mike it's a this game huh skitty
all the kids are eating noodles we were
hanging out over at the Johnson's house
I heard that you heated the hots of up
to 72 yeah dude it can be so warm
boiling us and keep spoiling us two guys
Anthony I didn't want to like me go too
much yes
you know like give Molly a hard o sin
love Molly huh she's such a good dog now
huh yeah just kiss my killer she kissed
you guys all right
we have been having
so much fun hanging out at the Johnson
we hung out in the hot tub a super
getting pain response creepy you're
going to get in trouble
now we're gonna have Olli just relax up
here with the iPad and watch a movie
together anyone hi did you have a fun
day wow yeah thank you guys so much for
watching today's video I hope you
enjoyed it if you did be sure to give it
a thumbs up
Holi thumbs up if you just want to mr.
Peabody right now hey is there a
question you want to ask them or what
question do you want to ask them for
them to leave in the comments are you
feeding meals me what huh leave it in
the comment hey what's your favorite
movie me once the medal put it in the
comment section he's watching mr.
Peabody go he's really happy and you got
hot chocolate yeah please thanks for
watching you guys
you
