all right you boys ready to see the
chickens it's delicious salad you want
some of it no he like holds his brother
bags like don't does it wherever you are
that's whatever wanna be
humming all right thank you
come travel with me good morning guys we
woke up this morning to sort of a
totally different backyard check out
what they're doing
look at that mound of concrete
it's crazy it's actually turning into
something and it kind of looks scarier
I'm still hoping at time doc says it's
going to look like a mess that's
literally like the base layer so on top
of that is like two more layers of
concrete yeah they are going to make it
very sturdy and something that our kids
connect can plan their racing is working
on like the slide so we actually have a
lot of different snake traps around our
property just to kind of control them
coming into our yard and stuff but
sometimes we catch other things don't we
Olli what did Papa just get lizard look
at these guys
this one is so cool-looking he look like
swear he looks like like to know what it
is oh is that one just crawling up you
have to readjust my grip is good getting
away this is a blue belly right
rebelling gets a color on a fetish so
cool oh wow that one is angry always
flopping love it on your hat I'm
touching this guy because he's mean no
this one's not mean he's just hanging
out
so yeah lizards they run into the sink
trap we'll check them enough to where
they're usually fine and we just
sprained it a bit of Pam and we can take
them off
yes can we get to play with them no it
is cool because I don't think we'd ever
catch this guy look at this way music he
looks awesome was so cool hey ollie
we're gonna set him free you want to say
goodbye you're just pretty mother says
let's not choose it walking your dog
Ashley dude is negative as Israeli or a
lizard activist Pat yeah bye-bye lizard
what are you gonna do skin colour that's
so Allu on him is just insane isn't it
yeah I don't want to near him because
he's me here to protect him from the
other mean lizards but you guys Oh
excited about
how did you get that chance
oh my goodness didn't get the hammer -
yeah all right oh yeah I'm pretty sure
Papa has something to tell you I saw a
dinosaur down there in the valley he was
big bigger than usual they're pretty
trying too big a I think we'll come up
here go ahead and try it yeah whatever's
out is nothing it okay you ready
so we are headed down into the valley
Papa said there was a huge dinosaur out
here all right i'ma fly yeah show me so
you saw them down here the dinosaurs
were they flying or walking we were
walking hey I'm gonna find me some style
eggs huh yeah and you're Superman are
you looking for eggs and a did you try
and dig a little things already decided
he's done anything at all that's crap
you see anything here down there
anything
wait wait wait stop see anything that
might look like an eggs the dinosaur
leaving a foot sorry
the last year that was looking down here
Holly look Holly what's that oh my gosh
daddy we went into le really yeah sure
yeah that's such a big one though put in
the bag and we'll take it up there
anymore
what nothing see console right now me
rarity when that big that's a big big
one what do you think suicide that one I
don't know bro yeah help me out okay
okay we'll go up there and see what do
you think of that squeeze me graduate is
your you get good nah it ain't
much messy who is gonna see a machine
you shush me
you think the dead Wow good here what do
you find Olli I'm going too late yeah
dinosaurs II see what do you think of
one egg one egg egg you know that all
right
is there any more go see if there's any
more eggs go get it that is so cool
that's what the minister egg how do you
know it's a dinosaur egg and not just a
rock yeah weirdly okay good one crying
something like this so it's like a Papa
dinosaur late
okay I'm going to make Papa dinosaur
sick espresso pump we have to be state
okay we are very prepared for opening
dinosaur eggs today you guys we got
goggles that's so cool
oh my god you got it open yeah what was
in there what kind of dinosaur job
we found a Tyrannosaurus Rex didn't we
yeah this one's a little stubborn right
here
whoa whoa a piece came up Ollie yeah do
you think it's a Stegosaurus
he's picked it from just that little
tail good things take time bro breathing
really hard you get some in your face I
don't think I've ever seen only that
tired before yeah really and so
determined he's so determined to open up
today maybe we should take the big metal
hammer away there you go
whoa whoa what is that
ollie I mean deck inspector for me
you've gotten free Elliot the babies to
the Swiss object if you can't I believe
in you didn't go come on out oh you've
got off are they friends or brothers
it's little Jesus little dancers a baby
Teresa's wow dude you find a t-rex and a
Sega Sora
pretty cool hopefully we keep finding
these ancient dinosaur eggs on our
property and I just read an open he
calls our kiosk I leave the
archaeologist
I'm dinosaur then watch I look at you
hey guys so I have a little bit of news
for you guys we have created an
Instagram account for Oliver and fin
because we do take a lot of photos and
we don't want to feel like we're
crowding our own accounts with like a
ton of photos of them self-promotion
time I'm going to have all of our
Instagram links down below first one is
going to be Ollie and Finn so it's
literally just ollie Ed's in and we're
going to try and post pretty regularly
on that one and then there's also my
Instagram account
Brian landing which you guys can follow
and then Missy's as well at Missy
landing I'm very close to 500,000
followers on Instagram so if you're not
following me there go doodads because we
love posting photos and interacting with
you guys on Instagram so go check all
those links out down below in
description we're very excited to start
posting on all the infants account - I
am freaking out right now babe it's the
change their whole backyard it's adding
so much like even just being here like
imagining water like up to my shins and
looking out I'm like this looks
incredible they are starting to form all
this rock these are for like extra pumps
we're going to have three big lights in
here and then one big light in there
headin into the deep end look water
let's go swimming
this is the side like this all we have
is really awesome rock guys know they're
going to make these look really cool and
you can already tell like they're making
this look like a real rock yeah let's
the slide there's an extra grotto that
it's kind of a waterfall stairs so it's
like a little seating area right here
I'm hoping to fit one of our chairs
right there oh that's going to be a
dream so people can sit up on this ledge
or back here these are literally
climbing rocks like yeah he's making it
so that all they can get on this - yeah
you could totally climb up right there
and jump off that rock into the pool
it's budging crazies alright we're gonna
check out the grotto but this is
basically the big window that looks out
and we're gonna have a couple of like
faux wood beams in there that's
incredible
this is seriously like Disneyland right
now
walking it crazy right there's also
speeding it here yeah gets it up there
the cool thing about this car is that it
will still have a regular waterfall that
goes over but if we want when you turn
it off and we can also turn a waterfall
going yeah it's great that basically is
like closing the window with water you
need to be able to see the backside of
water oh my gosh sweetie and you can't
tell me now what they are going to put
all we know is it said a little window
right Dex we could see the bar area mean
I could be a fun summer husband I just
thought that's right now is it I know
you know what separated such a mess
right now I think the pool going to be
finished a lot sooner than the outdoor
kitchen area yeah basically when we had
the contractor come over I was like okay
we want an outdoor kitchen and it makes
me was like um I also want a new pool
Hey yeah that's it it works it's crazy
you know what I'm excited about climbing
on top of this grotto yeah I already saw
guys walking on top of it I think that's
crazy like they're gonna make it just so
well done not like we can just walk on
it that's the update on the pool things
are moving along very nicely yes it is
we are going grocery shopping we needed
food we were supposed to be gone today
on our trip so we didn't plan on having
any food so we're like well crap now I
got a having twins on this kid has his
own cart but still he requests three
straps oh mama
guess one thing we don't need to byali
plan egg
collector can make eggs not me the
groceries are in and brian is putting a
lot of them away she's really good at
organizing it's like the refrigerator
specifically look at that so well done
but whenever we put things away we
usually clean out our stuff so it's like
everything that we need to get rid of
not all of it is like expired anything
and just a lot of it's like not to our
standards anymore
so for instance these carrots aren't
like very good like we won't eat them so
what's really cool is that you feel less
wasteful because I get to give them all
my chickens so I've been like putting
everything into a big bowl for them and
yes that is sour cream which they can
eat I'm also going to pour in some
buttermilk which they can eat so oh that
looks gross and there is so much good
stuff in here there's a lot of carrots
or spinach there's onions and scallions
everything I've looked up to make sure
that they're allowed to eat it do this
I've got two full carson's those 24 eggs
yeah I'm funny so I'm like alright you
get whatever you want do you want some
spinach
you got it alright you boys ready to see
the chickens it's delicious salad do you
want some of it no he like holds his
brother bags like don't does it the
chickens are so funny tubes whenever I
come out here they get so excited like
they know that I'm going to bring them a
treat all right they're all coming out
here's your tree do you think fit just
like nauseous what do you guys eat Olly
be careful I want you to scampi
all right I went ahead and dumped it in
their coupe so they could check out it
and eat it I think that's a little bit
easier for them to scratch at and figure
out what they like oh you never helped
me on the vlog anymore you always fall
asleep before we get to end the vlog
together so now you're awake
gonna help me in the Vargas yeah hey did
you have a fun day what was your
favorite part about today okay playing
with Peyton yeah hope you guys enjoyed
today's video if you did be sure to give
a thumbs up and subscribe leave a
comment like your shooting really what's
your favorite movie you heard him he
wants to know your answers in the
comments thanks for watching we'll see
ya and Jana I'll do what you think
you
