just running back and forth
wherever you are that's why ever wanna
be that big top inside
just wanna
coming all I could to give
I am allowed
I'm Trevor you're with me
good morning guys I am so excited for
today I was waiting for this day forever
feels like forever burning incense I
mean so if you I don't know healthy
puppies and karma SMS haven't been in an
inboard training place for a while now
and the reason we decided to go with
this is something that we thought a lot
about we really wanted to make a really
good decision because I decided I wanted
to put them both into some sort of
training program that I enjoyed the
training process so this was a positive
reinforcement training after talking to
the guys about different options but we
should be weekly training or in board he
really really stressed that in for
treating the best way because what
happens is you get a dog back that it's
treat and then you just learned how to
deal with the trained dog word it can be
very stressful like you trying to learn
how to train an untrained dog so that
make sense so she really kind of you
know told us that this is a really great
option if you can do it and we were
going to be really really busy during
the week that we were going to do it so
we had all kinds of trip plans some guy
cancel the stuff to go through and they
would have been in boarding places
anyway so that's kind of worked out that
they can be trained and be boarded so
anyways I've been missing them for so
long I mean there have been actual tears
about it I my heart has just been like
thinking every time you think about it I
just want them home so badly and Isis
karma so much I'm miss Luna and I love
when he is adopted or family so much and
she's such a big part of our family now
so karma is my dog and I clearly missed
him he is my best friend it's been so so
hard to be without him so I'm very much
looking for seeing them see how much
progress they've made seeing their faces
when they kiss their faces Oliver's this
morning I told enough I can plus mommy
is to pick up performance today to again
these are like screaming and like Kiki's
being you is so so happy so we're all
really really excited actually I'm
pretty sure my mom is just as excited as
me right yes she's missed the dogs Brian
so excited to see the dogs especially
Luna he definitely has a little special
box of tuna this is the day I get
invited mm I'm so excited
we just met with the trainer and we went
over just how they did Carmel is
definitely a little emotional but so you
said that he was like the smartest dog
and there he definitely hasn't met a dog
like Carmen before so now we're hiding
behind these plans and they're going to
bring the dogs out and do just a
demonstration of what they've been
working on we have to be quiet so they
don't get distracted
it could be selfish
Oh
is
so excited this year right now I think
you just have to get down to him and
give him some love he's gonna have to
get over Vietnam Missy's working with
karma he is extremely happy to be here
so maybe a little difficult but he's
actually healing quite well let's see
now he's like I'm done I can go home now
I think he'll start to breathe a little
easier
and
you
we're now doing a coupler which is
interesting because it's attached to
both of their callers and then there's a
leash in the middle which i think is
really nice if we want to take them out
together on walks and stuff they don't
matter a little bit on this one so it's
a little crazy but it's still cute
seeing them work together
Karma's like actually crying like it's a
big baby misses also much happiness - a
girl honey she's like where's Olly I
want to bite him
I want to nip him he get to come home
today guys you ready all he's so excited
to see you karma he's so excited to see
you boys Olly who is it
Luna's back huh so excited other doggies
give her love Olly she missed you good
girl good girl
that's my Ollie's Nona learned a lot of
cool things and you're gonna help teach
us teacher - okay happy did you miss
your puppy give me a hug so excited oh
happy semi Fiona's everyone missed them
so much oh my gosh it is so good to be
home I've got Luna she's sitting over
here in her little bed she's just gonna
down say the one thing with puppies is
that you kind of have to keep them zero
I think he said zero time like three
times just do whatever
so she really shouldn't be outside by
herself she can't really be inside the
house if I'm not watching her so right
now I had her well she was - all I open
the door just like in a downstate earner
crate that's kind of what you'll see her
be doing unless we were specifically
playing with her or outside or something
like that
Carmel Indiana hands a little bit older
he can trust him so he's going to be a
little bit more have more free time I
feel like I'm gonna get a lot of
questions like why did you send
keep such a good dog he is such a good
dog but he did have a few things where
he just wasn't always listening to us he
wasn't always like paying attention or
sometimes he'd knocked the kids over she
was just like kind of going crazy and so
I think this is kind of something that
we're going to keep up on it's just
training helps of like pages nuts and
like come women Colin
they sit all those things so far we're
really happy and I'm just happy to have
them home like this is day one I just
want them home and happy and that's all
I want I know all right the kiddos are
over here playing being good boys right
what's so nice now because what all the
kids play Luna is over here doing it
down stay oh and of course Carmen
distracts her good girl this is going to
do some work with karma around Luna
I'm bumping down say for empirical
so cute we got apples in downstate
they're doing so good I just love that
the dogs have a very good positive
foundation Missy and I have a very good
positive foundation it's like I know
we're starting completely over now but
we're starting in a really good
direction and I think that's really
important for our dogs and for our
family I think these are going to be
some pretty amazing dogs huh
philosophies about the training is like
not sending your dog up for failure
figure out what you did wrong and then
figure in a ways that next time it
doesn't happen again
so it's just like okay and she's not
going to die because it's kids running
around don't keep her doing that get the
kid down here and let's do it with
avocado crema talking it's studying your
dogs up for success I know we really
must cover but I'm so glad he did it too
because I feel like it's going to make
him a happier dog he'll be happier I
didn't have less anxiety and I think
she'll be able to pay attention because
he'll be able to teach her good things
yeah Cupid it was really really hard my
heart was like I hope he's okay but I
know it was just really clear now look
at these two beautiful dogs which by the
way she is so cute she got big but she's
beautiful oh yeah she don't like to make
she's still a puppy for sure
yeah and he's still an old man like I
know you're saying this is so pissed
absolutely hey Ollie are you happy that
the dogs are back yes yeah did you miss
them yeah
who did you miss most karma or Luna I
miss coma karma because you guys have a
really special bond huh and now maybe
Luna will be a little nicer around you
and not so crazy and you can be best
friends with her too huh
it's just coming over to say hi yeah
technically he's not really supposed to
be there
he's definitely distracting them and
playing with them this is so cute oh my
gosh and you just got to go over there
and put her back down
Oh karma how we've missed you
hi Toma boy hanging out with Santa's new
best friend
everything will be no good I've been in
drunk
yeah what here's oh yes karma is on food
Patrol
any food that big drop cousin dick what
some food Patrol no not funny no no you
know he is like the Senate paw patrol
member hmm it's karma part of paw patrol
that'd be so cool
yeah no food please yeah yeah this is
something that we haven't seen in a long
time I had to document this karma and
the food and the waiting so just running
back in court she stopped taking you
where is she okay are you guys all are
you come back with me oh that run the
anime come again oh my goodness we got
our pops back everyone's crazy
Karma's still annoyed like oh my gosh
stop alright it's like the old days
carrying her to bed she's still small
enough I can still do it she's actually
like a really cute sides right now
obviously a little big for me to be
carrying her but she's a good size hi
Luna I'm so glad we got you home I
missed you oh god you miss me did you
miss you Steve you miss me at the mixer
wow you have a lightsaber gun all right
dude soul time for bed you want to in
the vlog with me in the pub all right we
are going to go ahead and as well
I've got my pup I've got this other pup
back here outcome I always loved the
attention when everybody vlog but
anyways I'm so happy we're all back
together I have missed them all much I
feel like I'm gonna get a lot of
questions about the halter that they're
using its called a gentle lead and it is
very humane very it's not a muzzle they
can still buy it it is still easy can
still drink water it's just a very very
useful thing to kind of help them know
what to do so they know what you want
but it's not painful and it's super
super awesome and I'm actually really
really excited about both of them
getting a very well trained program
anyways I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video make sure you give this video a
big thumbs up if you're happy that we
got our pups home oh my gosh you with my
stuff like you me see you guys tomorrow
bye Boop
