he's walking only on the streets by the
way you're so funny Olli okay Oh what
you got a cookie idiot yeah that's funny
whoever you are that's where I wanna be
left off that big you are adopted
ah
just never stole yeah
again
with me
good morning eat your breakfast Oh God
I got my own meals on time oh my god on
good job dude say good morning thing ha
ha you all ate all your oatmeal - and
your pear kids yeah you're pretty good
at that aren't you
right now he's stuck in this chair we
got which by the way we could turn him
any direction we want and he's
completely trapped because he can't
stand on anything to get out I like this
one a lot better very nice and I love
this tank top it up yeah that I've been
getting all over Archy yeah but he ate
oatmeal and he I didn't see that he
threw a spoon halfway through it so he's
covered in it cause he eats it again
what are you saying I do you know what
you're spelling
what are you spelling toy you know you
know how to spell toy yeah how do you
know why I think they must be saying it
I'm PJ map that's so smart of you ollie
good morning guys I am at the hair salon
with Michelle and I'm just have to say
goodbye gray hair I told you guys I was
getting my hair done I got it I got up
this morning this tight here and I'm
like hey let's get this done so oh I
gotta take a call down there my head and
I actually did a color and I did the GK
keratin straightening thing I do it
every like once in a while and it has
honestly made my doing my hair life so
much easier but when I get it done I
have to have to be like super straight
and I have to leave it like this I can't
wash it for like three days and it's so
straight I literally feel like I look
like a wet dog I always say it was
practice I just hated I hate it okay
just for a few days and it makes my life
so much easier once I like wash it and
stuff do my hair it literally takes me
like a half probably like a quarter of
the time it would take me normally so it
really is totally worth it
few days I gotta do it alright now I'm
headed off to something really
interesting also yours I get there I met
up with Brian and we are now in waiting
room we're getting Nikhil cardiograms
today so they're going to look at our
heart and see which one is the culprit
it may not be Paris or know that I'm
really interested and then always it
you're the one of a time it will give us
a better idea of what you like expect
for finish take the boys home but it is
you know like what's a Texas fan whether
its name to worry about whether it's not
worry about it is something to Ramallah
means you need right that is obviously
an option it's kind of scary but it is
right here I'll take a lane and I'll
have it and then you can get the surgery
so I lingual
it is just all really straight as I'm
trying to like hopefully we get some
kind of answers so you really don't like
that Finn's doing this and we don't know
anything we don't know what to expect we
don't know what this is if we have it
itself hopefully was kind of Legion
alright so we just got back from our
appointment and highly is taking enough
just like wants to be with him but he's
actually kind of enjoying it sorry bud
sayin come here he was just like laying
next to him she just wanted to be like
with Olli but then he started pulling
his hair pull his ears and support guy
he just needs a little nap he's tuckered
so good sad face hey you keep over here
are you okay how do you do it little
brothers - who is that it's Ali it is
pretty chilly out here me and him just
hit a little sneaky action because we
wanted to sneak out of the house mostly
because we wanted to go on a little
go-kart ride and spin it was just you
know very clingy to me right now so I
was like alright we'll go on a little
ride together so we had to sneak out of
the house open wouldn't notice oh it is
chilly and I just grabbed the quickest
the fastest jacket I could find and it
was the one hanging in the closet and
it's daddy's loss but it works it will
keep you nice and warm
actually the go-karts down there go
check out now just go car ride good to
go okay
only why did you find a ladybug going to
see me since I couldn't senior doesn't
hurt you like you know 100 me catch it
see I've got it
my hairs on my hand see oh he likes you
or she likes you you like it huh you
like it yeah oh he likes it yeah we're
right down in the field it is crazy how
much things have grown we've got weeds
that are just like as tall as Olly it's
crazy we get the knock down so that
writing around here won't be as
difficult what are you doing can it go
it's on your hand on like a dad no you
can't find that my girls into a shirt
you owe me get you the dance over
remember this he was not super excited
for me to get him this little rock of
the dinosaur night when we're in animal
kingdom now he likes it huh yeah okay
that's pretty cool so the kids have
eaten their dinner and they're all ready
for bed and I am whipping up some dinner
for misty and I because we like to eat
after the kids of the inn so that we can
have some like peace and quiet so for
tonight's dinner
I am roasting some vegetables we have
like onions and carrots celery and
potatoes I just toss them in olive oil
and rosemary and then down here I
actually have those look good chicken
cordon bleu those are super easy to do
because you just pop them in the oven
this kid is telling me stories ha do you
have a cool story you want to tell the
bar okay go for it sometimes eat eat
masky we do make et uh-huh I get it
I just don't get be a hidden wonder I do
it I get their hair nappy G huh and I
and O and big this is oranges yeah this
is a lemon huh yeah Ali just told you
guys story about how he doesn't like the
light saber mac and cheese
he likes the regular Star Wars mac and
cheese I like silver mac and cheese is
basically like a cheese what yeah I know
you took a shower you got food in your
belly
you're in your pajamas you just want to
hang out and watch a movie now yeah all
right I don't know how you're going to
get down let's see you be creative
careful hey I think you're doing it look
at the core on that kid good job buddy
high five he's too cool for school okay
you want to chill on your play everyone
watch a movie what movie you wanna watch
tonight the robot t-rex yeah
what is that dinotrux no I just yank a
kick in it like a robot there's a robot
in it he's walking only on the streets
by the way you're so funny Holly okay
you could be putting all that in your
toy box just so you know why you brought
a cookie idiot yeah that's funny
I think the cookie do you want it no
okay you get so skew at night okay I'm
gonna put a movie on okay
you
