I was getting ready to put her to bed
but he just like ran in there grab the
blankie Michael is doing she just wants
to watch the movie with them and just
want to stay with them though it's so
cute
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
how do you got coming all just again
good morning guys you take good morning
I forgot my camera at home I have a ton
of stuff to do so today I'm going to be
working on I quote for a little bit but
we just got done it with swim class and
all it is so good even Easter Egg yeah
he did so good I think that the break
was really helpful plus he got to swim
kind of freely in a pool and he got a
little bit more comfortable again
because we just kind of haven't been in
the pool a lot the past few months have
been doing swim crosses only so I think
it kind of helped him with with his
confidence so he did really really good
in some class and she was really happy
he did his bigs aren't big arms so well
that's amount of the water it was great
Finn did good actually had to go
underwater with him but he is so sure he
was just going underwater so great and
not like coughing and sputtering and all
that so these boys are happy and they
did not know that so yay good job but
now we are going to head to lunch with
on you dude to your radio Elin alright
let's go I honestly don't know why this
is so satisfying you guys I posted a
picture on Ally infants Instagram
account one day and asked what people's
favorite toy was and people said this
thing called a digit spinner I believe
this one's white and it has blue red and
green circles in it and I'm honestly
still trying to understand it
like it it's pretty cool when you get it
going really fast then you move it
instant like this is such a simple thing
I feel like I don't know let me know if
you guys played with these before what's
your favorite toy right now what should
we play with on the vlogs I always loved
finding new toys for the boys and for
the family that's pretty cool though
doo-doo-doo-doo just playing with my
fits better good morning guys
today Missy took the boys to swim class
we have a lot of different things going
on at the house today so I'm kind of
here holding down the fort
just package some eggs for some friends
who are coming over because they wanted
some farm-fresh eggs and I got a new
little ticket stamp on there too which
is cool
and then I put a friendly little
reminder to smile in their egg carton
for when you open it so I like that by
the way if you I don't know if you can
tell this new countertop is making
things look red when it when you focus
on it for too long is it just me I don't
know but yeah we finally got the
countertop in all the cabinets and sides
were painted white just to match
everything else we figure if we do a
different color we just guess I have it
so we're going with a nice white so
everything blends really well and my
friends who are coming over to grab some
egg when I told them he had farm-fresh
eggs they want me to let me know they
said how much and I was like well
nothing just come get them we have too
many eggs we're getting half a dozen a
day now and then I was like well wait a
minute I'm kind of hungry so I said I
will accept del Taco in the form of
payment for fresh eggs I got a pretty
good deal you guys
hello I am home now and I'm actually
working on my hair after I had to get
into the water it wasn't too bad because
my hair was pretty much ready for a good
washing so now I am just though the
tendon blow drying it and I'm curling it
actually just got a new one Brian got
this for me I guess it's a t3 it's
really pretty it's like pure white and
it's got like this rose gold plated
around it I like it I think it works
pretty well I've been using I think it's
called like a cross one and it works
really really nicely I was trying to
practice my like curling with the
straightener I think it was candy
Johnson who was like not canon Johnson
but her I was doing a candy Johnson
video and one of the girls was trying to
teach me how to do it and I understood
it I feel like I could definitely work
on it you can see like some more like
super straight some of them have some
curl to it and we're coming inside now
trying to just feel like that n is curl
anyways it's weird how we want I feel
like it's because this is a brand new
straightener and it's easy to kind of
let it fly through or sometimes if your
straightener is like kind of rough it
doesn't really glide as well so anyways
just doing my hair trying to
I think the Train so my video today or
so a couple videos movies yeah so I'm
just gonna get my hair done which
actually takes me quite a while oh hi
ollie hey did you take a good nap
yeah how I swim good what do you do oh
my
Niko you did yeah whoa good job dude he
got back from swim class and crashed on
this couch it was quite funny and then
this one took a nap too didn't you
didn't you good morning say good morning
group hug ah yeah I know sometimes
brothers are crazy guess what boys
because I'm really cool you want to see
it are you ready for this are you sure
you're ready for the big spinner he's
been it your fingers might be a little
too small here look at watch you can't
let it hit your finger so it can sting
ah okay you want to try it
he's trying to figure it out I don't
know if you can let me show you watch
who can that knee like yeah it's pretty
neat all right I can show you how to do
it you want to see how to do it over
here so you can also do it on the table
what's this
so push on it and then use your other
finger to spin you want to try
all right kind of knew this was going to
happen so I came really prepared and I
bought more than one this one is all
blue fuck whoa
alright kid let me see if you can do it
on the table whoa that's pretty cool huh
can you get it going faster
war didn't go that's so cool then can
you do it let me see you do it no can't
ask oh thanks buddy you go like this
whoo good job dude all right I think I
am all done freshen up a little bit on
the bug or some angle definitely could
do a better job but I'm just going to go
with it yourself
I think practice makes perfect and I'm
going to continue to practice doing that
little curl thanks but this will do for
today I am now even change a little bit
I think she seems like almost over but
I'm going to try and have a still a very
productive day all right kiddos who
wants to play wobbly would you so
excited yeah let's play in your playroom
duty tell them all about it huh I'll
help you buddy
warm pieces let's dump it out on the
floor yeah then that looks fine yes
while we were on vacation we were
watching TV and when you watch TV
there's commercials we don't ever
what's commercial I was like just like a
new concept for me commercials and a
commercial for this game came on on the
Disney Junior Channel and he was like I
want to play this so bad so I got it it
was like 10 bucks on Amazon wobbly where
it's three feet tall ollie not cool
mama is grabbing the batteries from our
battery compartment awfully we have to
see battery you got it all set up yeah
we just need battery
I didn't check for batteries and we
don't know that batteries I'm gonna have
to run down or find something in the
house but they see battery that goes on
there
cool so we're out here checking out all
the new chocolate into the pool we found
something
what is that it's a helmet I don't know
what this is or where it came from which
makes it so much creepier I'm assuming
that for three Trump where did this come
from
is that yours is that yours no I don't
know if you know what I think it kind of
looks like the guy doing the pool I'm
thinking maybe the other workers brought
as a joke yeah hey baby you try it Ollie
really doesn't want fine don't worry it
is for carne oh my gosh that is
definitely creepy Ollie is having a
panic attack Jeffrey has saved the day
you guys he showed up with pizza and
battery so we are going to see if the
kids want to play this game wobbly one
no okay yeah hey kids do you guys want
to play wobbly worm alright here's what
happened I'm going to give you the
stitch right here y'all ready okay let's
do this a tasty red apple fell out of
the tree and rolled around on the ground
out pops a worm and now he's all wobbly
be the first to get all through your
hoops over wobbly worms head and you win
okay
then you crazy all right let's put the
warm back all right if you guys get
three hoops all right you got your hoops
oli what's up what color are they
red what color are yours and what color
are your yellow so I'm going to turn it
on and it's going to be all wobbly and
when we say go you go okay first one to
get all three one at a time wins okay
and go ollie you can't hold it up teeing
ollie
you can't hold on to a head click this
code
almost almost get him good job girl
always just grabbed it to stop it and
that's totally cheating Ollie you
cheated all right then go ahead can you
put it on is he putting it on his head
one good job yeah you made it little
that's so wobbly how awful the kids just
bump into it Sophie get it Ollie go go
go
go think okay pay in one every time
didn't see and you once you win and you
win and you win and you win how about
that you wish
yeah that's there we go you win for the
month you were born you went for the
month you were born
you guys I feel like today I've logged
mostly about my hair and now there's egg
on top of it we just did a video
actually did it was Terrell and I'm so
excited because I've never done a video
with her and she's actually just like a
hilarious person I absolutely love her
we cracked eggs on our heads she
actually is taking a shower right now
and I'm waiting because I needed to come
to and I just did my hair but that's
okay by the way guys again I feel like
all I was like cause my hair is got a
gray hair
let me something show you do you see it
do you see that gray hair I was great
here I'm getting old
yeah I'm gray hair I'm actually
surprised because my mom got her first
gray hair like 18 so I feel pretty lucky
that I went all the way to like what 27
before gray hair
yes I do have my very first gray hair so
I'm getting it colored them all so it is
about 7 p.m. at night which is
technically since bedtime but we put all
the kids in the playroom I was getting
ready to put her to bed but she just
like Randy in there grab the blankie and
the glue to get your blankie you just
wanted to watch the movie with them what
you guys watching
oh okay we'll grab you up we'll grab you
all a blanket in just want to stay with
them that was so cute
what are we doing ollie why are we going
to bed because why it's like you wants
to go to bed what he's not happy about
it
so funny got a very pink light in here
that's better
is there a worm in your room all right
let's put the ring on it
good job all right Ellie I got your
pyjamas all planned out you let me use
magic to put it on you know but it's so
fast and convenient just you watch my
put you in those pajamas right that ha
ha ha you don't like it when I use magic
to you oh I don't want to be jack you
have the bad guy
ha you ready for that buddy go someone
is grumpy tonight are you grumpy no you
sure all right you guys think it's time
to say good night I got to put this
grumpy little guilt to that huh what you
guys enjoyed today's video be sure to go
two thumbs up
sob thanks for watching we'll see you
manana Oh what do you say bye
