good morning guys before today's vlog
starts 1 to let you know that the second
chance is music video is now up on my
channel this is the moment you guys have
all been waiting for this is one of the
bigger songs on the album it's the last
music video we filmed and it gets pretty
intense and it really just touches on my
nemesis divorce and sort of talks about
how we found our way back to each other
and what we were doing during that time
so go check out the video we put a lot
of love and a lot of work into it and I
hope you guys enjoy it that's linked
down below in the description you can
also click the screen now on to today's
vlog wherever you are that's where I
wanna be
this is wrong
just wanna you know
coming alright shaggy
come for ever
what's going on here are you climbing in
the crab are you getting fan take a mind
defend you guys it's cute brothers yeah
you wake him up
and you said good morning huh - anybody
happy st. Patrick's Day he say happy st.
Patrick's Day
yeah it's happy st. Patrick's Day boys
they are all wearing their green I'm
wearing green
Finn you're wearing green so I'm a
little dude I like um some of your green
shirt that is so cool so now I can't
pinch you huh no his mama wearing green
though we should go check to see if mom
was wearing green huh coach check and
see if Mama's wearing green come on and
if she's not we got a picture let's go
let's go let's go let's go
let's see if Mama's wearing green
diarrhea no it's not bad dream but it's
like daddy's green know what I'm even
playing green on my feet ow no more I'll
pick you for no reason
that was so funny that you were getting
pinched what color is it
that's green just like any green it's
like a Doug green your hands like a
bright green minds of dark green that
means I don't get pinched okay also
daddy doesn't even say they have to wear
green juices id3 oh my god yeah he's
becoming attention you all day Oh what
do you guys want to do for st. Patrick's
Day really gonna make cupcake should we
make cupcakes Ollie we gonna make ice
cream cupcakes
hey dude why picture me ollie listen now
we have a lesson in my raging I told you
this or anything you don't think okay I
really wanna make cupcakes I found this
really cool recipe now the cupcake is
white inside of the cupcake to be Lucky
Charms marshmallows Oh interesting and
then the outside is like green and then
you put like a rainbow in it we all know
I should try that I want to make those
how you still mine no I'm good thank you
feeling better yeah I'm using quite
happy you're so cool dude okay hop out
he's at the door
Ali stop we are all wearing our
sunglasses aren't we
everyone except for okay we're going to
watch something
Oh actually I'm danger this is called
ketchup no you don't you do not like it
I know I know good good yeah when you're
big you can eat normal food right I'm
actually going to happen will he wear
yours
you think got it is once a flirt with
the lady behind us so I suggested oh boy
go away Holly maybe Ali she's really
attached to them
that is interactive so this place had a
bottle of ah and I've never tried it
before so I grabbed it these and it's
actually no bad sex against me and all
he likes that is like up high a little
bit I think he took the potato out of
his mouth like yeah yes I'd like that
you like baklava yeah all right you just
giving the beat again I just saw it for
a second time we met up with Michelle
who watch spin while we were in the
theater so that was really really really
nice and all I would be able to see and
my parents stuff Ryan say hi Damon yeah
okay baby is just it is the first time
it's not better this boy is literally a
daredevil oh my gosh you're gonna fire
yourself oh no you're not crazy
look what just came in the mail only one
of those is um okay and what's this one
oh that's the shadow that's the closet
oh that's a saddle saddle Tinkerbell I
think you're missing Tinkerbell yeah
she's got Sparkle so we just got these
really awesome DVDs that I don't even
know how did you get these because
they're technically in the hall yeah the
two are in the ball right now but they
were on Amazon well I got these ones
because it has a digital copy because we
currently do not only together this is
my digital copy that you can activate
iTunes account I'm trying to figure out
how to do it but I have to put the CD
into my computer it doesn't have CD
anymore
then put in the code so that we can
watch it on on Apple TV yeah but I don't
have a CD sir yeah so listen I feel like
every cent every step we've done it's
like God in the ways but good news is
that we actually can watch it on our
Apple TV this one does let us and I'm
very excited about it because pretty sad
when I found out that Lion King is as
well and I think it's their motor for a
long time I don't even know Peter Pan
was in the laws I've like been looking
for it forever on a hockey I don't know
if all I'd ever watched some real
because because he's only was like like
a Jake and there's Peter Pan's than that
I think you'll really like the Peter Pan
version depression song oh no I'm so
excited so but now it's away a little
bit longer DVD like any wrong thing cuz
we're millennial yeah we've never like
owned DVDs before music buy them all on
Apple TV which is very convenient no
clutter but sometimes inconvenient but
anyways we've got home Finn is sleeping
and he is doing so good I'm so happy so
my fingers in abouts are really helping
I didn't even have to give him like a
breathing treatment tonight because he
was doing so good and yeah I'm just
really really happy with how he's
getting better and now we're just gonna
relax hang out the call and that's the
clock Holly what times daily man is that
actually it's not that I'm daytime Xuan
aggresses hmm we're always down for
breakfast huh yeah GSA is me Ellie yeah
yeah alright we're gonna go check on the
chickens I actually haven't checked on
today I try and check on them every
single day
oh my god I've been really happy the
last few days I've gotten so many eggs
and so I'm hoping for like three or four
eggs right now
here hold the coupe open for me oh no I
forgot to turn the light on
Oh Oh hold on open I'm scared
hold it open really really why it's like
in senior oh yes one two three three
eggs already got three eggs oh hi guys
sorry it's so dark right now times oh my
gosh look hey they're like Oh mom I'm
sorry you're like good oh cool my my
yeah they ate the lettuce yeah like the
cabbage it's cabbage
yeah they ate the cabbage okay go to
that have adult fight
okay come closer look you see again
Amazon Tonya almost we had three eight
nine yay all right let's go we don't
want the coyote to get us ready all
right you guys it is all for today's
video but I hope you enjoyed it if you
did be sure to give it a thumbs up and
subscribe and be sure to go check out
the second chance to meet this video
right now on my music channel link down
below in the description thanks for
watching see you later
you
