yep look at all he tried now go go go go
we're having you are that's what ever
wanna be that big
just your cousin no like Jax
again
I am allowed
forever you're with me good morning guys
there's tons of something done today
look at our pool it's actually the rocks
are really starting to form and my dad
is actually going to let go the horned
toads that we caught the other day like
that I met him on there oh he's off yeah
he's not gonna hurt you he's fine
look gonna pet him oh here you go
no let him go here you said I'm gently
on the ground for me okay first I'm like
that yeah yeah pick him up
hit Hey like you set it down gently let
him down gently hit nicely the colors on
him oh come on you're gonna live in your
backyard Wow he blends in yeah he looks
so crazy him he's gone anyways that is
goodbye to mr. horn horny toad so we
call them Oh
he literally gonna catch it again we're
letting him go Ali that way you can run
around and be free kay anyways here's a
look at our pool from behind look at the
inside of this grotto is so cool like oh
my gosh look at this hump looks like all
these rocks just fell right here to form
a grotto for our hot tub and a lot of
detail going into the the rocks right
now
pretty cool well hey there guys we have
made our way to San Diego me my mom and
I was driving today and we're actually
back at the Children's Hospital which I
feel like I've been at like I'm three
months and we're basically doing a
echocardiogram is now on Finn I mean
last month was always and this month
were doing the same thing on Finn to
kind of get an updated version see if
things are looking better worse the
results did I have seen generally
basically if I didn't always came back
perfect he is no delay dilated I Arctic
valves he has a completely normal heart
so we do not have to look at how it
reverses oh yeah a reverse itself I mean
we're pretty sure that's what the
results were when he was first born when
newborns but they just double checked it
and so everything was perfect so yeah so
we just I don't know when the last time
spent on one of these there's like six
months ago
oh it was it may in his was still
slightly large so I don't know if his
will and the perverse thing or if it
will stay the same that is what we're
going to find out today
but Finn is almost 18 months old now so
he's kind of at a point now he's
probably not going to just sit there and
let them do an ultrasound on her we'll
just at least I mean I appreciate it's
supposed to be like 45 minutes to an
hour because that's what it was for
always a little bit shorter sitting is
being good so my plan is worst-case
scenario I'm going to have to nurse him
which I don't want to do if I'm in the
process of weaning so I'm sure a lot of
you guys are wanting an update on that
basically and being sick you know all he
wants is comfort all I want him is to
eat and be like have some fluids in him
so of course I nursed him so that kind
of picked things up then we went on our
trip flying on an airplane being not at
home it just causes him to want there so
we're kind of back everyone like it's
career one so but it's kind of nice
though every time something like this
happens like okay well least I have some
way to kind of calm him down and keep
him cool so yeah I don't know if that's
going to work or not but that is my last
resort if you can
sit still and to the ultrasound
hey little dude okay mama's been gone
all day hasn't she he just cuts right to
the chase we got some cool new toy but
yes miss he's been gone all day at the
docks with Finn she got some results
from his heart exam that weren't exactly
the greatest let's see what happens when
she gets here about some news are really
going on you're so excited aren't you
hey I really like your suspenders today
welcome what do we got okay to them
that's pretty cool so we have a p-47
Thunderbolts and what's this one this
one is the British World War 2 Spitfire
and their rubber band powered planes so
they fly did you know that it comes they
turn they turn weak storms
Papa pick these up from the hobby store
today because I've been hanging out here
with Ollie all day so we're going to see
what's inside and how these work
hey I'll check it out I made it you want
to see how this works I remember playing
with this when I was a little kid these
things are so cool so basically wind up
the propeller and then it'll fly do you
want to watch it fly yeah
all right all right look at what we're
doing so we're winding up the propeller
and then all you gotta do is let it go
you want to do it first
okay come here hold onto the plane right
there and when I say I want you to throw
okay and go sorry I did not do what I
was expecting you to do okay winding it
like a clock Walters 120 turns more oh
my gosh I'm not keeping track
all right I got the plane all wound up
you want to see it go
let's see watch it oh I don't know about
these it didn't really work did it here
you can try him 120 turn on her in 29
140 how many did just break oh my gosh I
think there was a reason we played with
these when we were kids because they
stopped making them when we were kids
all right let's see it uncle hey these
things don't really work Jim did you see
our avocado trees this is so cool we got
three avocado trees for the summer
look at that California Sun we're going
to put them on the hill over there so
they could simply get some avocados of
summer yeah Jim took this one into the
shop they got the axle replaced that's
so cool and then we got the Yeti we got
the we'll put back on that with actually
these new bolts and check this out Jim
got this one today this is so cool so
this one's called the crackin Creighton
yeah this is a new one it's a little
lower to the ground and a lot whiter so
we'll see you can tell it's new because
look at these ones look so beat-up
already we've had these for like today
Jim set up this really cool RC station
though so we have the tables for the
cars and then in here in this tool box
we got all our extra parts and pieces
little wrenches and extra bolts and
stuff and then here we have all our
batteries and our charging stations and
once these are charged that they're
pretty good so we can always have
batteries ready to go when we want to
play
all right we are all in our past two now
we all have our own car that's awesome
I'm driving this new one and it's in
sane the steering and the handling it's
just so cool what whoa ninja Jimmy's
racing the Yeti right now yo maybe way
country yeah I'm pretty sure that's how
I broke that front axle yesterday was
this jump right into this tree
what down Ali Papa's got it you guys
this new one call like crazy I'm so in
love with this one and this was the
cheapest one out of all of them we
bought so far and it's incredible this
is actually the first time I've gotten
it's on its back and it didn't flip back
over here we go
come on cratan so I feel pretty good
about myself because I actually just
took off this tire it was leaning a
little because it was unscrewing on the
bottom so I took off the tire and I
tightened it and I put it back on I've
never been able to do that you guys it
just feels really cool to be able to
work with your hands and have never been
good with my hand but I fixed it and
it's beautiful now well not so beautiful
it's very very dirty but yeah that's a
lot of fun with these guys go sing go
you just pick this thing on a little
Drive he is so funny we just got home
and he does not wanna be inside he wants
to be on his skateboard he wants to be
on this thing he wants to be on an ATV
he wants to be on the Polaris he's just
like no Papa take me on the place we
just got back it was an interesting
appointment I was expecting for things
to be the same or better but they
actually told me that the aortic valve
looks slightly larger growing faster
than the rate that he is growing I'm not
that makes sense it's kind of hard to
explain so now they are ordering a few
more tests trying to see if it's some
other kind of like syndrome or disorder
I don't know I don't know yeah they
don't really have any information
they're just trying to like rule out a
few things you're making appointments
for other things here soon everything's
fine though we're just got to keep an
eye on it and it's just something that
if it starts getting too big obviously
it's something that they would have to
end up doing surgery on I'd be like
worst-case scenario hopefully that's not
what happens but hopefully it just kind
of reverses itself eventually oh yeah
now we're just chasing him around it was
a long day though it was just a long
drive home traffic
and like so exhausted you wanna ride
just wants to do something my dad had a
great idea is it moving you around that
is happening sometime in life right now
blowing steady on that Papa it was I
barely touch the flower stem pretty fun
yeah don't try this at home kids
No
all right this is without kids can pick
up speed a little bit more I'm sure we
go that fast with kids right look at
things like I want it right now
Helle you want to hop in the dried up
indeed all right both kids loaded up
we got a nice tan pile for the
construction over here you got to get
more speed than that
yep oh look at all eat right now go go
go go
it's like really soft
yeah like fresh full wet even what if
those workers come back is beautiful
yeah John buddy job I think he's
enjoying the construction zone a little
bit too much always a 9 engine so what
did you say what is wrong with it I was
told he ain't and is broken yeah yeah
yeah bye see you get just a little bit
broken yeah we are watching brave which
is something we don't actually watch
very often but Ollie requested to watch
it so we just finished dinner and we're
just hanging out as a family and plan
and you have brave on we just had a nice
little evening huh but anyways it is
nighttime it's so funny all he goes up
to the door he goes oh mama I think it's
not morning time it's nighttime
time for bed he always like to size
every morning or every night is that
morning timers at night time I'm like
its morning time ok good and then when
it's nighttime I don't want to be
nighttime but yeah nighttime means it's
almost time for bed huh yeah
but anyways we go ahead and end the vlog
because nighttime also means it's time
to end the video so make sure you give
this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
we had a really fun day I kind of a long
day kind of a little overwhelming but
it's over so make sure you give this
video a thumbs up and we will see you
guys tomorrow what are you saying ready
we'll do it together ready 1 2 3
bye
