oh look how juicy and red that is is it
good that's amazing is it yummy
have a bite oh my gosh I need to eat it
huh no but dyed hair fight just to have
is still open God whatever you are that
whatever wanna be that big locked up
inside
don't you
coming all right
thank you
we're home we're home finally home
what alley legged guy is doing Papa
found a spiky dinosaur oh my goodness
Papa has a dinosaur yes oh look at him
he's kind of cute
yeah he's very spiky though ha you like
the Molly caught him in a snake trap
that's pretty cool again huh beautiful
colors no I have not seen me in a long
time and I saw another one the other day
Oh ha looking for answers I know but
there is and you're so cool and he's not
a toted although they call Mahorn tell
about he's actually a lizard really like
if the husband is head
you don't want to eat them you just want
to look around oh man and I know he's
either not sharp so when to be swung his
tail hard I don't know if it would hurt
these might hurt this one clamp down on
it for an actual dinosaur he looks like
a triceratops horns right he does hop
we're letting go in the backyard and say
hi to him every once in a while oh don't
mind me guys I've literally been up all
night long if you count on California
time it we basically got up at 2 a.m.
Californian time 4:30 a.m. whatever it's
called I can see we got new trees you
guys we have to show you all the new
stuff our house is crazy so much has
changed but I have to go see my girls
these girls have been putting out so my
eggs I've owned out I've been collecting
5 to 6 eggs a day
hey I miss you guys and what's over here
always all these delicious strawberries
oh my gosh I want to pick them and eat
them all right now there is like so many
those look at this there's two three
four five six look day 1 7 8 9 10 11 12
all I got there's so many do you see all
those okay you pick the big one right
that one right there
let's go wash it off and eat it oh my
god my chickens are like hey we want
those hi girl
I miss you actually have one but yeah we
have trees now put in ones that aren't
dangerous for the dogs and you guys I
can't even tell you how much I miss
karma and Luna like I literally my heart
could like break in half because I've
missed them so much but they will be
home very very soon they're not home yet
though soon but yeah we got new trees I
don't know if you guys remember we
knocked the old ones down because there
now things that were very dangerous for
the dogs irritating them so we got our
new ones inside mates okay I'll be fun
to watch those propane and so once you
change over here we'll show you guys
more in detail but it's so exciting all
right we washed it off you take the
first bite be at the shared mom okay oh
look how juicy and red that is is it
good so holy that's amazing is it yummy
have a bite no but I have like just to
have this solo oh it's okay I have like
20 more out there are those so good
that's delicious huh tonight for dinner
we went down to the taco shop and got
carne asada for days Thank You Callie
yeah I guess I get good Mexican food and
we even have a homemade corner to you so
good so good dinner for coming back home
on these chips are amazing too group hug
okay pickles so daddy's new meanwhile
Beverly's
actually crying
Holly it's okay we'll see them tomorrow
okay okay Holly we'll see him tomorrow
okay buddy since I'm trying to it was
those days I was like five video
come on sir there you go drive into bed
yeah shoes all right go go to bed and
faster to walk oh he's a nice bike this
Pacific there we go that was cool huh
boom boom boom boom boom even on the
carpet yeah go see mama not now Oh
getting jammies on tonight and exploring
some animal sounds it's really cool oh
yeah I know you're sad but it's okay Oh
mommy
it is about 7:30 at night but in Florida
yeah 10:30 yeah it's basically actually
alone feels like 11 o'clock I'm
exhausted
what we did here tomorrow and ended
Lilith snap a little business come on
you would get like sumption is your baby
drinking huh
use it yeah yeah so they watch the boys
and we took naps and it was my lord
don't go to bed like as soon it's
awesome yeah I fell asleep watching Star
Wars and I dreamt about Star Wars but
what time to end about Karma Oh almost
just a couple more days thank you so
emotional very late you ready for bed
yeah bud
you
Oh
Oh
it's like not even 9 o'clock at night
we're buckled up
so Holly yeah technically we woke up at
like 1:00 a.m. California time and it is
now 9:00 p.m. so we're exhausted we've
had the craziest longest travel day
it's just how goes from trauma on a
cross-country hey Ollie
did you have fun in Florida yeah you
happy to be home yeah it was a good boy
he let me see put on some stuff on his
lips tonight they were getting a little
chat and now we are just cut away
watching the peanuts movie you like this
movie yeah who's your favorite character
Oh Snoopy next but anyway I hope you
guys enjoyed watching today's vlog he
did be sure to give it a thumbs up and
subscribe
he's a happy family comment below and
we'll see you manana I Ollie don't do
bye boo
