yeah we're not sure how much longer is
that okay oh yeah
it is definitely a total filming you
think we can go on that
check this out you guys goal achieved
exercise go achieve that it's got this
notification after climbing out of that
man
whoever you are
that's where ever wanna be all around
laptops at big jump
just never saw you
coming all good to you
I am
good morning guys
I am out of my room now I'm actually in
the lobby of our hotel and as you can
see I have no makeup on and I'm actually
head or they asked for no makeup on I
have to actually go there they're gonna
do my makeup I believe it under my hair
basically do me like a full makeover I'm
super nervous about it I'm also excited
and I get to do it with Italia was just
really nice design I feel like I have
like a friend and I'm not gonna be all
by myself
I don't think any husband can go no kids
can go so yeah it's a little weird but
we've made this place and look at all
these wigs luckily I'm not getting awake
today over that time but we have started
our little process and they're kind of
just asking like what I want what I want
to learn to do I'm like I need to learn
to do everything I don't know how to do
anything I know how to do ronger or eyes
or anything I'm pretty excited we're
actually working with candy Justin so
she's pretty much the makeup guru mama
I'm going to so that's pretty exciting
so I'm pretty much lost naps I think I
lost about with all right I'm gonna go
find them alright we're getting ready to
start they just went there like all the
makeup and they're like you know how to
do this - has your dad hi know like what
kind of hang of use only I use a Mac
kind and she's like okay do you like are
you good at out like no I'm not I was
sitting in our green room it's a massage
room so I was like thinking you know I
could just off her the dolly you can
just give me a little tired how we're
like we got our Starbucks which is very
exciting always a good day at this time
oh we're going to get any of those
oh yes yes yes this be I feel really
good like I'm I'm excited and just like
I'm a little self-conscious right now
like I don't I'm not like super happy
with my skin and not super happy with
like my body right now so it's like kind
of self-conscious like trying to work
through that but I feel like I'm in good
hands like they're not going to do
anything that's gonna like make me feel
alright
regenerate just start it's very exciting
everything is everything is getting me
so crazy
yeah I think we're about to start or
about get you to do the intro and they
will beautiful man who waiting to me
Jasmine or intro like this and then
slowly we'll be pen form and I don't
even think I'm going to be showing you
guys the transformation so surprised I
don't know if the rest of this logs
gonna be with a blurry face reminds me
of you so we'll see but it's going to be
fun I think accidents are just going to
go from each nation they're doing
everything from head to toe clothes hair
makeup everything so I'm excited are you
excited I get behind it all I don't know
any alive see that glow I really didn't
buy it
exactly
but
I
but
all right we are now in wardrobe and
look at all these bazillion outfit we've
been trying on Italians are really
queuing were you just in science in the
outfit there's Penny's home of like the
few outfits
plus there's gonna be like a final
reveal and certain outfit so we're
excited to actually get that final offer
they're running them all even now to
find more clothes and more shoes and
different accessories for them so right
Romesh actually happening now it's
starting to like trying to get real and
then the meat yeah it's so hard to like
I like this like horrible position yeah
once you're hearing niggas that is that
was like it looks a lot better so I
think I'm going to make them now so whoo
I'm so nervous lover what up what up
what up guys so today Missy that a very
cool shoot with Natalia all day so
Jeffrey and I are coming around la
humming ha ha we are in Islam I know in
love with LA oh do you feel that spun
off of me
oh that's incredible we just saw Kong
gold island which was amazing and the
movie theater was and I so freezing so
it feels so good to be outside it is
beautiful no it
oh yeah we're definitely in this slum
right now this will store all your
design writing a Tesla store bro I want
that car oh it's so cool man yeah we're
not sure how much longer is okay oh yeah
it is definitely a tunnel job is they
going to go on that
I think it might be a little bit get
there oh it's very tiny on it we've got
some crazy stuff and I'll let you guys
this is not a mall look at this that is
cool I can totally fit in there
oh this is cool
is there a slide kidding no girl - uh
yeah Scooby
Ola life we haven't got a hair cycle
cost get really good resource
don't worry I'll film it Wow
discover play me check this out you guys
goal achieved exercise goatee that it's
got this notification after climbing out
of that night
alright is now time to go pick up the
girls from their shoot mailbox just roll
him through la we got to go see a movie
and then we went to actually like an
escape room find out more about that on
Jeffrey Bob lot but we weren't on the
walk inside the room but it was my first
escape room like experience really we
done want it like Halloween but was
scary so I feel like that's a weekend
but this one was really cool we have two
likes all puzzles and stuff to get out
of the room but now we are driving to
the studios to go pick up the girls and
Jeffrey tree working yeah you're
supposed to go the other way hi buddy
hey ollie who's here ollie Mama's here I
think you can sleep with us tonight
alright we are now watching what are we
watching
chip mom are you still happy that mom
and dad are home Ollie yeah I missed you
I love you you wanna help me on the vlog
okay say thanks for watching if you guys
enjoyed it be sure to give it a thumbs
up and subscribe and we'll see you
manana oh hey I like your thumbs up can
you two thumbs up
your thumbs up Oh what no stop down
right all right thank you guys for
watching was the Hollywood each day
you
