you guys I am making dinner again
tonight and I'm making bread something
good disregard wherever you are that's
where ever wanna be hop inside
Oh
just one
oh yeah a dog coming alright
thank you
good morning boys they are playing a
little game with the placeless morning
hi can you say good morning good morning
say can you say good morning you making
music having some breakfast with the boy
we were just watching today's vlog
you like watching mama yeah it looks
like she's having fun fun playin hoping
she'd come a little food as you guys
know Finn had a little accident
yesterday but I'm happy to report that
his cheek and put the plate down so I
could see you
where's goodie where's baby serious is
looking much much better good morning
guys I am all set rested packed up
headed off right now today I'm gonna
check out this room today and I'll be
back tonight to enjoy another room so
I'm actually headed to go get Kelsey and
Corbin some breakfast as well as myself
I'm very hungry at this point and then
I'll be headed to their house this is I
believe my last day which is kind of sad
but I just wanted to help them out as
much as possible to get as much done as
we can
that way when they're on their own it
won't be too overwhelming which I know
that feeling it's a little overwhelming
I went to Kelsey Corbin even a little
bit and now I'm doing a little bit
shopping to them they definitely are
native species microfibers my former and
they really wanted some cute clothes for
juveniles like heck yeah I'm on it but
they particularly want to sum that word
zippers and I'm telling you these are
the best things are cozy they're comfy
and they're easy to put on an officer
baby so I'm getting some sleepers to
them I'm also grabbing this rock and
play which I how I tell rocks and I
loved it but this one specifically will
rock if you plug it in on its own
I never had that I'm super jealous so
I'm excited to get this to them and
hopefully that way when they are both
either busy or want to just put it down
for a little bit you can still rock so
it's almost like a swing but a little
more portable that's me that's why I
like it
I also grab these little swallow me
models are pretty cool because they just
zip right up and it's a lot easier to
keep her swaddled and snug I'm excited
to see how these work out really falls
off what you get I swallow my leg Miku
grateful whoo we're going to wait for
her and then give her this flower yeah
look at this day you guys it's hot I
actually asked Siri what the temperature
was she said it's 80 degrees hot oh yes
it is not so so good right all I guess
what summers come in yeah you want to
look for chicken eggs all right
go see these girls got any chicken eggs
for us no no always better looking for
eggs and I am I never checked for eggs
Missy is always on top of it any no okay
okay what about this one no where are
they that chicken no eggs let me look
inside I got to shake their food and
make sure they have water too
hey girls ohh all you are just right
here hanging out shuck plenty of water
hi hi girls I'm gonna have to shake
perfect there we go hey what you doing
up there you do where who is that an egg
go get it
are you getting ready for to fill the
food here wait wait give it to me a good
helper dude yeah yeah oh three eggs
yeah QA no that's three Olly what I was
a productive check of the chicken coop
yeah we have three eggs out of it
alright Ollie show me the colors what
colors we got this is only Pickers leg
okay that was kind of a pink orange
whitey pink calm careful with them okay
here give me one so that you can carry
those two we'll bring them inside okay
one two three
sorry babe I was going to talk about how
I have to get an extra container we have
a whole container big a whole dozen
finally chilling outside with my boy did
you just wipe your snot on me yeah
tickle bin was playing with his little
bike go Coco Coco Coco oh it's such a
beautiful day I don't know I wanted to
do something but I didn't really want to
leave the house so I'm glad that it's a
nice day we can at least hang out in the
backyard and I love this new sitting
area that we created it makes it really
comfortable we clean help what were you
doing dude oh wait wait yeah that's a
good idea actually
come on sing us it he's like no you
could pull it though ha pull it sends
like I'd rather take the car that's my
choices transportation
I am back in the apartment I saw my show
new June today I feel so silly but I
actually honestly haven't even really
hung out for that much protein healthier
now off to a little doctor's appointment
and watching Paris these are the nice
intimate out in China sleep
get some smoothing before the baby gets
back I am sitting here trying to listen
to be the Beast because it comes out
this weekend so excited if you guys
don't know I've been a huge be in the B
stands for years and this is absolutely
amazing that coming out I was the whole
soundtrack because I want to express but
I just kind of skimmed through some
songs it's amazing I'm so excited for
this come out this is my last full day
here in Portland I miss the boys so much
I'm crying so much so I'm really looking
forward to getting back home but it's
also going to be kind of hard and weird
to leave like I just do it here and I
just want to like just soak her up but
you guys know how probably back really
soon availably even be coming out to see
us hopefully real soon because we'll
always want to be a part of June's life
just like they are a part of all the
infinite life so okay go get him go get
him
keep going keep running he's almost
getting ketchup here
he's over there go get him go get the
car
okay get him good again Chicago the boys
are having fun together all day Giffen
go get him go get him just been running
around this house all day playing I'm
getting some dinner ready
I actually heated up some pizza leftover
pizza in the oven and it looks way
better I don't know why we don't heat a
piece of that way but turned out a lot
better so I think we're gonna be happy
you want pizza for dinner okay you're
still playing you like playing with your
brother that's the bad guy and you're
the good guy okay looks like he's taking
you to jail he's taking you to jail
Ollie then got UEFA's got you and I'm
getting a little junebug love because
I'm pretty sure this is like the last
time I'm gonna hold her before I leave
the table but I'm actually just really
happy that I was able to because this is
not something that you always get to do
is hold a friend's newborn did you know
on the next time I see her she'll
probably still be very small but also
bigger but she's going to get so big by
the next time I shall probably be like
holding her head up maybe even smiling
that was the punch how soon we make it
back hopefully we come back to with the
boys so they can meet her pre chef in
already loves her he was watching a
video with her and he was like but he
just couldn't take his eyes off the
video and I'm pretty sure how she like
recognized Corbin he like loves Corbin
but then he thought too and he was like
she's so cute like this just wanted kiss
your little face you're so cute
and she's so sure she's been so like
sleepy today and just eating and
sleeping and pooping what you're
supposed to do you guys I am making
dinner again tonight and
I'm making bread something I'm just you
know sterilizing these little you didn't
pull that they need you looks like a
different guy yeah gotta get these
already alright I am leaving calcium
carbonate now and headed to my little
guest house and it is really late at
night there's not a lot of people out
but look I just walked by Dalton straw
holy moly definitely just crowded
there's literally a crowd of people and
I felt like that like the other night
too I think it's just always busy like
that so crazy but it also is really good
ice cream so that might be why alright I
made it to my new room and I am actually
pretty happy with this one today I said
a lot of bathroom but I just feel like a
little bit like roomier because I last
night I was just even like such a small
room it literally felt like the bed was
like wall-to-wall and like there was
like a little spot for me to like stand
it was really close claustrophobic so
this room's a little bit thicker have a
nice desk I've got a bed I have this
already who's like I'm you Shaitaan that
doesn't have a bathroom but that's fine
I can totally use what community
bathrooms I just like being you like
breathe yeah I'm so happy to be inside
is actually pretty late especially with
daylight savings we're going to lose an
hour of sleep so I feel like I need gets
bed kpop but I think I am going to go
ahead and end the vlog so I hope you
guys enjoyed today see you make sure you
to sum them make sure you check out
Kelton Corbin and follow them because
going to be a really exciting time in
real life and I'm excited to watch
that's for sure I watch every single day
so I'm excited anyways I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
you
