hey guys before today's vlog starts
wanted to let you know that I put out a
new video on my music channel it's the
US daily bumps album documentary and it
turned out so good in it you'll find
lots of behind the scenes of the album
some fun stuff with Missy and I behind
the scenes of music videos it turned out
really really good and it kind of just
gives like a balanced look at what it's
like to make an album and manage a
family at the same time so go check it
out it's all my music channel linked
down below in the description now on to
today's world whatever you are that
whatever wannabe
talking back to our topic
Oh
funny
thank you
I am alone
good morning guys it is a beautiful day
here in Portland blue skies which is
always a plus because my hair is very
much unhappy with me trade and frizz I
am headed out of my very cute little
apartment today
so all I do here is sleep I really have
a kitchen and I just slept and that's it
now I'm packed up and leaving again but
it's really nice at least I have a place
that's like nearby it's cute and clean
so that's always a plus so I'm headed
out I'm gonna go grab probably like some
Starbucks really quick and I'm headed
Kelsie's and I think it should be a fun
day
kelsey has a few appointment so see you
let me end up doing today every day is
kind of an adventure doesn't know what's
going to happen I had to get my
Starbucks time in with you hello to me
just taking a shower and Gordon is
editing the vlog I guess I can't love a
little too much German doesn't really
get baby fever but I think this isn't
nothing for a good dose right here and
there believe I'm be visiting her a lot
Klingon drop and just water in a new way
to swaddle I've gotten doing here and
I've been working on different ways to
swaddle her and I think I found a
suitable way so I must see how it works
out good so we have a muslin swaddle and
I folded it I'm a triangle
this side and Tucker I mean again and
this one you'll want really tight don't
be okay okay out that mm-hmm
did you want this to be loose so she can
overlay so twist it just make like a
cute little moccasin look at her okay so
she can have her arms up if she won't be
able to get out as easy as she was
getting out before cuz they're still
tucked in a little bit it works okay
anything about a saddle
I know right now you can walk it on here
all right where think you like a
protector so comfy whew
good morning Holly where are we
we're at the haircutting place right
Holly and I are getting got a haircut
finally I've been putting it off so long
my hair is just so crazy so girly Ali
was gonna cut your hair slappy Travis we
elect Travis right he's really good I
think I'm gonna do something different
for all these hair this time so okay
we're gonna cut it short
yeah okay let's go all right we are at
the salon waiting and all a bill for
contraption
he's using BB powder one two three four
of them can you do any more how tall can
you do it oh oh all right all you can
keep on the back hurry put them back I
think Travis is coming come on
all right I just got my hair cut you
guys want to see all these thank God we
did it way shorter than we normally do
ha big reveal
look at his hair cut it looks so good oh
so so great to have fresh hair press
hair holy me and had a little walk and I
got a ride down here but I am really
needing to get my nails big a couple of
them are like broken right now
okay Corbin are at a queen ace right now
so I thought y'all should take Paris
with me and we're going to go get my bag
can we get some lunch
all right now as I've done and I got a
little gift at this cute little shop cut
called kids at heart for the boys there
are a couple little toys I've actually
made here in Portland so I'm excited to
give that to them now I've got parents
in this little bag and I'm going to go
find some good oh wow Oh yep that just
happened you saw that happen I just got
my saw in a puddle I hope it's okay it
happens a lot Dana that's kind of
Awesome oh my gosh Ollie would you get
and poke the gooky show it he had a
fight big cookie last time we got a
haircut
he's like remember when I got the big
sugar cookie because we went to lunch
afterwards but it's not lunch time so I
was like well I can see and go get
cookies from Panera Bread right yeah we
got Chuck Melvin and cookies because he
did so good I got this could knock the
kitchen sink cookies Taylor after we
only drink and then you can get by
rubbing their bread you want to get
bread too you are so your mother's done
you know that she likes she likes bread
too all right we have taken another
little trip to the arcade we're gonna
flop some aliens okay
yeah sexting together they have a ball
gets out so
good job bro - Holly's favorite game of
all time is Jurassic Park ha yeah he
loves thee does he love dinosaurs
obviously Holly how did I die before all
these amazing
Holly gotta shoot him you know she's a
little one we had so much fun hanging
out at the arcade just played a couple
of games but look what we got we got
enough tickets to get what Ollie Batman
and he's even got a cave looks so cool
so cool
it'd be like bendable no he's flying
okay all right should we go see your
brother Oh oh my gosh are you okay buddy
oh I'm so sorry
are you sure you're okay come here come
here are you okay I hope it was okay you
got your back man no look we cool okay
see you brother
poor thing all right we are back home
Finn had such a good time hanging out
with Mimi and Papa Paulie and I had a
good time at the arcade yeah those are
flowers look I really want to smell them
there was a little bit of an accident
while Mimi was watching Vince
they were apparently in the trampoline
and Ben decided that he wanted to climb
down and so she was letting him climb
down and then he decided last minute
that he actually wanted to run around
the trampoline Mimi couldn't get him in
time because she was in the little
netted area and so Finn took a little
bit of a fall so it was bad so he got
pretty scraped up on his cheek poor baby
my poor brave baby I know it wasn't you
as an accident he sawed off the
trampoline
and I'm so so sorry about your face dude
not really bothering him but it does
look like it is bruising a little and
it's pretty scraped up no oh this is a
new game we're playing catch the Apple
so I guess he's just going to be like
little Scarface baby just for a couple
days there actually I'm sure it might be
clear tomorrow that's kind of a bummer
yes because that doesn't fade you get
the oven going tater tots so I'm at the
floor and I was like yet it sound good
and what does that narrow bread I picked
up a full bed yet and I think I'm
actually going to make like french dip
sandwiches with roast beef and our view
and you should I get for the smaller
squid so that's gonna kill me you need
to go poopoo
all right go poopoo yeah good job cake
go poopoo by the way he's still doing
amazing at not only going to blue which
he's been doing for a long time body a
lot of people were kind of confused at
that but he still wipes his butt watch
this damn does it all
probable dude Kelsey and Corbin are
actually resting now they're hopefully
napping because you never know how the
nights are going to go I need some rest
I'm gonna try and make some dinner they
have a few hello fresh meals in here
they chose this one which is sweet
creamy chicken with snow peas over
jasmine right now you guys know I'm not
much of a cook Bryan does most of the
cooking in my house but I'm excited to
try it it it doesn't look too hard it's
pretty much just like cooking up some
rice and chicken I mean yes that's very
much it so I don't think it's any big
deal see how it turns out if everyone
asked for takeout after this I won't be
offended
good good but why is it kind of smoky in
here whoa yeah it's um yeah yeah
all right and dinner is served
I'm not sure how this is gonna turn out
though yes I know if you guys notice a
couple I'm pretty sure some of that burn
and this pants is if agree I do not work
with cast iron so I think that's like an
art those ice is pretty fun to do it
kind of made me think like Finnish is
for cooking more thank you you're
welcome
Kelsey just tried hers thanks I love it
Magnus I really you guys are like
actually Gordon I'm just like waiting I
am now back in my room first night I had
really cute room the second night I got
like a cute little apartment but tonight
a little bit different this is my room
tour ready that's it it's a really
really small room but because I got like
a bath or anything so here's the door
that's like a little closet I guess and
then just turn around and I was like the
bed and there's a desk so it's fine but
this is kind of funny because I lost two
nights of staying really comfortable
nice rooms a little bit smaller but and
you have to go take a shower in like a
community bathroom so dinner actually
was pretty good actually ate some of
their leftovers I'm actually kind of
hungry still so I went down and bought
some top ramen so I'm going to go down
and make something in the kitchen and I
even got cook you know hey if you guys
haven't seen at my video on my channel
me and Brian did and asked Missy and I
should you know pretty good I'm really
excited about I want to do more than I
think I feel like we tried to be as like
real as possible and like tell you like
more about our relationship is kind of
like a lot about our relationship so if
you guys are interested make sure you go
check it out should we link down below
make sure you check out coast increments
videos they are so fun really it's just
amazing to watch them be become parents
and first-time parents are always just
the funnest they don't know what they're
doing but yet they're figuring it out
and they're doing it so well but it's
just so fun to watch especially if
you're a parent yourself you're like
like I remember that it kind of takes
you back it's fun to be here and get to
help them out so anyways make sure you
check them out as well make sure you go
subscribe to them so you watch the rest
of their journey by day minute and my
boss bingo
eat some food still maybe she give this
video thumbs up if you liked it and
we'll finish my my
you
