hey guys she's dilated she's at a 10
she's gonna have Junie who's been
waiting forever
not for three days months and months and
months to be honest I will probably
vogue again when she's here
that's the legs I'm going to figure this
camera create my she's gonna be here
whatever you are
that's where I wanna be big
just oh yeah fucking your document all
right I see you
good morning guys sweetheart on the
hospital and everyone has slept Kelsey's
left
mace less Corbin even slept and now he's
editing look at him hard at work didn't
have a little downtime so he's going to
get a chance to edit this very intense
video for you guys which I know is going
to be late but it is well worth the wait
because it is just a absolutely
beautiful vlog that just shows how
strong healthy is she's been at this for
I mean if we start with the first
contraction it's almost in 48 hours 48
hours she's like I actually want to talk
about it and I would say it was at least
30 hours of just really really intense
pain that she's been in so you guys will
have to really watch her blog and just
kind of see it like that process and
what it took to get to this point yes
she's happier she's able to relax able
to kind of get that energy for the next
stage though is the exciting day March
8th I did predict my faith I'm trying
not to rub it in any one page I would
have been happy with a March 7th or
earlier birth because that was pretty
hard but it will be March 8th it's her
birthday and it's just so exciting so
National Women's National Women's Day
isn't that so cool good morning good
morning how's it going Holly Holly how
much do you miss mama a lot a good
amount Mama's doing good things baby's
almost here you know that not cool he's
like where's my mama
I miss my mama Holly and I are cuddling
in the playroom finish to get out
another crazy boarding with the boys pin
spilled a whole glass of water on the
bed and then I gave them muffins to keep
them busy and then he takes the entire
bed and little pieces of muffins and
then he pooped in the shower and it was
just kind of hectic I kind of felt like
I was driving and then I took him to
swim class and it was just me and
Jeffery so I was a little hectic okay
but I'm doing okay I'm hanging in there
it is an Internet
a woman's day and I gotta say I
appreciate my woman so much for
everything she does for us and our
family you love mama huh yeah I love you
mama
yeah mama pill face he's still laughing
about the emoji bill Oh
good morning fan how you doing buddy he
had such a good nap yes he did
I know I know this should be infinite
room huh it's okay though Cap'n did you
give your brother hug this morning tell
him you love him
you look big hug til if you love them
hey bro I like your shirt
hey guys she's dilated she's got a ten
she's gonna have Junie my little dune
bug yeah yep I come in she's getting the
shakes no that's when it's almost time
all the all everything just by captain
core we've got all the cameras set up so
like I said before you wanna see this
amazing bird that we've been waiting
forever not just three days months and
months and months to be honest you guys
want to watch on their channel because I
am NOT vlogging this you guys will have
to watch it on their Channel even
today's video like this clip this is
just so special so awesome so yeah I'll
probably walk again when she's here
that's the legs I'm going to think of
this camera crazy I know she's gonna be
here that's what I'm gonna fog
oh I'm so excited I'm like I'm basically
like her like second auntie okay one of
her many Ang's yeah but I'm like really
excited
all right just like that Hubert here it
was an amazing birth and it's absolutely
amazing there are no words
Hilton Corbin are having their time
together and you know there literally
are just no words out how beautiful that
birth was we captured a lot of it for a
very special video through them to
cherish so I'm sure they'll be able to
share some of it with you and it was
amazing I'm gonna alright guys I'm in
the room Kelsey was actually beautiful
is giving birth I mean literally glowing
so I'm going to hold it eternal thank
you guys we've got her be the best I
know crazy I think I would feel good
can we just go a little bit little
cousin shake head like the perfect
everybody no here Dan are you listening
no hi hi I really love you in play team
if you like the daughter I don't care
hahahahaha Oh Marc benzaie
so guys I haven't left the hospital I
didn't tell my dinner by myself I got
apple juice and water soda hydrated
hungry so scared
Kelsey or Bernard one tested all the
work and they are probably way more
doctor than I am but I am very I heard
of my body Earth and I haven't eaten in
what feels like they use it I also am
still kind of nursing so I am um I
forgot pump glad you know forget and
grab a pause and then I was Leon
Congrats the food and go back to my
hotel
but then of week she managed to sit down
and eat that's what I'm doing it was
such a great day though so museum is so
happy that company allowed me to be a
part of it and get to experience all
about her and so it was something it was
a life-changing that I feel like and it
was just the coolest experiences oh my
gosh scooter every time I think about
her I just like it so
I don't know what is it guilty of Corbin
like we've been spending so long as I
have always loved their relationship in
their love and feel to see like the
Nexus and a little baby like and a girl
is this crazy them not anyway I'm going
to eat so hungry literally so tired was
one hanging on well guys I was going to
say that it's been a long day
but honestly compared to what Missy's
been doing the past couple days I had no
room to talk whatsoever I just got to
say it's International Women's Day and
there is no woman that I love and
appreciate it and inspires me more than
my wife Missy I love her so much she
does so much for this family she does so
much for me I feel like she's a
confident like reminder of the man that
I should be and she just she just knows
she just knows me and she she knows that
my flaws and she loves me for them
anyway and she's always like inspiring
me to improve myself so I just want to
say huge shout out to Missy because I
love her and without her I would be
nothing
I miss her she's had a long couple days
helping Kelsie give birth that's
actually facetimes me tonight and I got
to meet little Doudna bird she's so cute
and I'm just so happy for Kelsie in
Corbin and I just remember that time
being in the hospital with Missy and the
new baby whether it was thin or Ollie
and just that feeling of a family like
it it's all coming together
it's just something that I know we'll
probably get to experience again but not
right now obviously yeah Missy's
definitely exhausted she's had a long
couple days and I'm not sure how long
she's staying or when she's coming back
home but hopefully soon
if holy always in the clear and I know
you want me to stay in here mmm what are
you watching chipmunks you're so tired
aren't you
you remember watching fantastic beasts
last night you fell asleep yeah you miss
mama
do you want to say anything to mama
right now she's watching we'll see you
soon
I got busy sleepy easy slow sigh sorry
my karting you good time okay
such a good boy you know that yeah I
think I'm gonna end the vlog but I hope
you guys enjoyed it if you are not
subscribed to calcium Corbin go
subscribe to them I'll have that link
down below we're really excited to them
they're starting like a whole new
chapter for their family and it was
something that we got to do three years
ago and it was greatest thing ever so
definitely excited for them
but anyway hoping her enjoy today's
video if you did be sure to give it a
thumbs up subscribe see you manana Ali
goodbye this is the first time I'm
actually seeing my room so I'm staying
at this cute little so like a bed and
breakfast it's actually really adorable
I don't know if I've ever stated about
it breakfast and I'm so far really
impressed this in my room so cute so so
cute I'm like in a sense old home with a
cold and people get my bath started
look at my clawfoot tub I'm like I give
up I need to relax when you go to bed
and they have amazing internet lot
supply have you con said Brian all this
fridge yeah it was a pretty cool day
I am so stinky happy to get glazed up
alright I have showered wash my very
dirty hair brushed my very dirty teeth
then all of things except sleep so I'm
still super tired but I feel so cozy my
room is so cute I bet it's so comfy
she's already asleep sleep sleep I need
I just want to like sleep and just not
even worried how hit me so I had a
really great day I feel like I said that
like a million times
I'm so amazing I hope Kelsey Corbin are
having a good night just leave me there
first night sometimes it can be so rough
sometimes it can go smoothly so I'm
really interested in how that's going to
go and yeah tomorrow's gonna be a really
exciting day I'm hoping that they get to
go home tomorrow so we'll be helping
them out with getting them home and
getting them settled and they're gonna
be spending a few days just kind of
relaxing so I'll be kind of helping out
there making sure that they don't
about like dinner and things like that
so it should be a really cool kind of
couple days let me stick around the boss
machines go subscribe to their channel
because they love going on adventures
and they just started a whole brand new
crazy one and who doesn't love to just
watch the beginning days where you're
trying to figure out how to be a parent
how to be a new mom and a new daddy in
huh just amazing anyways by the way I
miss my kids so much I miss my husband
so much oh you guys I'll see you guys
soon and I love you they should give
this video a thumbs up make sure you go
subscribe and check out Kelton Corbin
birth blog I'll see you guys tomorrow
buzzy
you
