that's a big t-rex there's an AK yeah I
wanna take a picture on the sign it says
please do not touch he bites too got
scared
whoever you are that's where I wanna be
just fun
so yeah talking your dog coming all just
again
I am
with me we are all crammed to bury an
elevator with someone today we're
checking out a motel and say goodbye to
all our new friends
I cannot believe within this elevator
that's pretty impressive all right we
just finished breakfast take a bite all
our friends ha I know we've got so much
fun girly and hey can you do me a big
favor can you give them all super big
hugs say goodbye Oh Allie really commits
to hug when he does it all right give
the dog Oh engage a big hug ah
we basically wrote on your back the
entire time at Disney World is it back
okay okay he's young he's dirty still ha
ha ha Carl good thanks for being close
it is so fun any time it out at Disney
we're all about amazing gender Disney
World 2017 I like taking secret Allie
roll roll to your right
no this way this way
what happened there Ollie Ollie got
trapped in the curtains didn't you yeah
hey guys so we have left the Disney
World Resort and we are now hanging out
at our new hotel funny thing
we had two different things planned
because our first trip got canceled and
we had to come to Disney the next week
we didn't realize how close these two
trips were going to do because we are
working with someone really cool coming
up so we were supposed to go home today
we were supposed to go home for it was
two days and then fly back to Florida we
were like that is redonkulous so change
of plans
we have canceled our flight home and
we're just gonna hang out at a hotel for
a couple of days before our next big
adventure which I'm so excited because
we're going somewhere but the boys have
never been before and they're absolutely
going to love and I feel like we are
going to love it as well so we're
getting some relaxing it right now this
is what's happening and that it's
somewhat difficult to do when you have
kids good hey Allie gonna say something
to the people yeah what do you want to
say to them
what do you want to say we're gonna go
to the park yeah hey do you see any
alligators down there yeah I I'm gonna
show you guys this it's crazy because
there's so many like bodies of water in
Florida and they're all full of
dinosaurs that will climb out and run
after you in each you so we got to be
super careful Holloway yeah oof it just
learned how to turn on the light can you
turn it off no like I just keep it on
okay all you want to come look what do
you see Allie you don't see any
alligators well they're out there
somewhere lurking look at body of water
body of water body of water body of
water so nuts and the pool here is
amazing that is one
the reasons we decided to choose this
place because the pool is just going to
be so much fun for the boys and it's
going to be like a really relaxing thing
because we've had a crazy couple of days
doing so much and it's time to relax we
had a lot of fun though lots of fun
what's happening for sure I buy what
happened yeah I'm sorry I'm off you're
all good no okay what happened oh he
likes Alan s mystical is cool do you
want to tell us or no you want mama tell
you don't want to say anything you want
mama to tell them
yeah mon-sol them okay oh it's not one
thing it's another with his voice so
basically all I was doing nothing wrong
he was literally just standing looking
out this window but we're pretty sure he
was like sitting on his like tippy-toes
and he just kind of like fell forward
onto the ledge he came down his heel
yeah office if he does and then he hit
it yeah like he kind of hit this edge on
his like lips and cheeks went through
the other side but it didn't go all the
way through but it just zooms in so we
have first aid combining looked at it
they said it doesn't need stitches
because it already stopped bleeding yeah
so put some antibiotic on it and put
some ice on it well swell and also all
better to do I think that's been them
getting good lon okay though some of the
run medicine to make yourself oh yeah
we'll get some ice okay
all right oli how you feeling now good
your crotchet daddy you like to milk it
you know that because you were just so
happy playing with your chest I was
after he fell you like we said we had
someone come to look at it everything is
fine but they did end up letting us move
rooms I think they felt kind of bad for
oli he was definitely playing a little
sad so anyways they just actually moved
us to a different room and I thought I'm
going to show you guys it because it is
pretty cool weird it so this is the door
since playing in the safe and this is
the guest bathroom there's like look at
that is a nice huge shower sink and then
this is the living room which is huge
this is where all you will sleep and
Finn totally this is actually way better
because we can put it asleep out here
yes and we can go sleep in our bed yeah
it's kind of nice it gives us a little
perfect you wanna give me the rest of
the tour oh really mr. so this is our
balcony which is really nice do you see
that balcony Li you need breakfast out
there what's in here total mess you
think about the closet and what's this
your TV okay and what's this
you mean this is mommy and daddy's
bathroom no your bathrooms out there
this is mommy and daddy's bathroom your
bed is the couch that daddy's sitting on
that's where you're going to sleep this
is mommy and daddy's bed and then this
is our bathroom which has a shower and a
bathtub and it's overlooking a beautiful
Florida view we've got lakes which once
again have crocodiles alligators on you
know with
they are but there's either way they're
scary it doesn't even matter except
Pachelbel's for a year's yeah we've got
a really cool view I looked really
really fun over there I'm super excited
we got such a fun room and we have some
space I think Finn will be able to sleep
good in here and we'll all sleep really
good actually
okay boys let's let's get ready and go
get some dinner that's all good no we
ate lunch yesterday
hippies are sick so let's go okay all
right come on Kate come on let's go
thanks go let's go going down where we
going Ollie yeah we're gonna go see if
we can see a t-rex down in Disney
strings we were going to go f w IM m IMG
space but after all we meant something
up and up that we're gonna go but okay
no dragons if you like the college I got
old-school Nintendo that's cool
can you dance Aikido what what do you
see the big t-rex there's an act yeah I
wanna take a picture on the sign it says
please do not touch he bite he got
scared so Missy said she's been to this
place with their parents before I don't
think I've ever been but it's the t-rex
cafe and it's like the most popular
restaurant here so who here see if we
can get it
what's all up there there it is all
right we put our name in at the she Rose
cafe and now we're going to go explore
those really cool Lego store that's the
same display they have in California Oh
you see this dragon look at this dragon
hahaha that is so cool okay what do you
see buddy
but like your and woody these are so
cool ha that's gonna holster yeah they
have a woody and a buzz all United stop
the mini six station and we're going to
create three little characters that we
get to take home this is my first
character I made it's like a rocker
chick and she's holding a snake look at
that dude it's a little it's a Lego
snake all right here to ollie just
created it's a vampire doctor wearing a
baseball hat accepting a trophy
what do you distilled ollie that is so
cool so this is like afro dude that he's
holding a syringe should we should we
bring these three home oh that's a
pirate hat take his hair off let's put
the pirate hat on instead
that is way cooler we do that instead
okay look what all we just found you
guys it's the new Pirates of the
Caribbean Lego set welcome to shard that
wouldn't be fun for you and mom to do
huh we have entered the Jurassic era
check out that dinosaur Ollie got really
scared
Ollie come here what do you think about
that big bad dinosaur
these are little details that's a big
bad one all right we're all set for
dinner and all your so fascinated
because we are seated right next to a
choice there Tom he's just like in Dino
heaven right now you guys
now Finn is joining the fun of flirting
with this girl
something crazy is happening right now
I think an asteroid is headed Holly I
think an asteroid is coming oh whoa
places everyone the room good actually
looks good my first leave this kid I
think you Tang green check out this
super cool Cup that all these just got
how neat is that bro it did it came with
a coin on the bottom and what are you
drinking
I see what's the toy is that a
skateboarding dinosaur me okay Holly the
course went together all even the
dinosaur shake to admit it that's like
his favorite dinner ever he is so happy
right now
Thank You Rocky hope you guys enjoyed
today's video if you did be sure you had
a thumbs up thank you right yes make
sure you are subscribed and we will see
you manana right Ally oh did you have
fun today
wow I love you you excited what are we
gonna do tomorrow yeah that's right
we're gonna swim can you say bye hi see
you manana
what do you say
Oh
