whoa you blasted his wand out of his
hand that was pretty good oli you wanna
battle me Tommy get oh gosh ooh he
knocked you down with that spell didn't
he
whoever you are that whatever wanna be
big
 coming alright cut again
I'm forever
good afternoon you guys today we are
taking some day a little bit evening we
had a really fun day at church I
actually even went to breakfast with the
Johnsons so if you guys want to go see
our morning basically go watch his vlog
today which I have linked down below in
the description but after the rest of
the day we got home and the boys went
into the nap
Missy is taking a nap so I am getting in
a little bit of video game action I'm
just relaxing on the couch and taking it
easy it's a little bit of a cold dreary
gray day so we tend to just stay inside
like to be smuggled by the fire and
relax I'm not sure what else we have in
store for today
what we'll see today
well good morning Olli did you have a
good nap yeah come and give me a hug
give me a hug hi dude hey what we do
this morning ha ha ha I don't know what
he's I think he's talking about Lion
King and I told them it's going to be
released soon because he judges here we
went to church right boy it's so good
yeah yeah and you had a good nap you
woke up in a good mood yeah but oh yeah
um talking donut you didn't get a
chocolate donut after church because we
went to lunch instead right yeah he did
a really really good at church you've
been doing really good and he woke up in
a good mood after snap that's really
rare you guys oh yeah hey you wanna lay
on Teddy's couch in his office and watch
some cartoons while I play video game
yeah I don't know what that was what was
that what is this what does this mean
say what yes I love you too
you cuddle in with your neverland
blanket I know I heard you and I turned
on some Scooby Doo Scooby dooby doo
where are you this episode has dinosaurs
in it what yeah oh sorry
oli who's awake then good morning dude
oh the do we do dinosaur movie turned
out to be a little scary
good morning man you had a really good
nap teach you teach you where you going
yeah scooby-doo
Ben likes it a lot he doesn't think it's
scary at all yeah but just feel like it
the boys took a nap and I took the best
nap as well I really needed it I was so
tired and now I'm going to go check my
chickens actually didn't check on them
yesterday which is pretty rare for me I
used to come here every single day but
luckily the way I've got the coop set up
makes it so I can skip a day or two if I
need to something I needed to but
amazing that I skip a day and I have
only one one egg I got so excited you
want me to come in for eggs one egg one
egg cause I think they must be eating
them with watch the cameras I think they
are I don't know I don't know I think
it's really crazy that there's only one
day getting here kinda weird
are you and Finn both wizards yeah and
you're dueling Ben get your brother can
you get him good Oh careful
hahahaha oh you blasted his wand out of
his hand that was pretty good oli
you wanna battle me Tommy but you ever
get so hot he's coming for you ollie
he's coming for you ready oh no he's
gone get him Oh gotcha we knocked you
down with that spell didn't he SSS get
him beg him go get him
Oh No the kids playing with ones is like
the greatest thing ever
hey Carmen we looking for what are you
looking for tournament
what do you see karma is not one to play
in the kids toys or grab a kids toys so
dad if you want to hit toys in here
where is it boy
ready oh you looking for this nope this
is a dog to analyze in here but there's
something else
oh oh Milan's no oh my god did you find
it
no I thought it he is serious about this
and that way you were looking for a
harness is there something else what
that is show me is that it alright I
think I think you were just looking for
that are you happy now karma is not one
to like grab the kids toys when there's
a toys looking for it because he lost
his toy and he knows exactly where it is
I think that's what he was looking for
it's so funny karma everybody didn't do
very well though cuz buddy else actually
eats it all right Holly what are we
doing that we have a heart party hat for
a car party everyone's heart can you
make a heart with your hands like I
showed you on Valentine's Day is it kind
of weird yes so we are checking
everyone's heart because we're going to
be going tomorrow so look at all these
employment so he's really excited about
it
by any measure are you gonna check in
brother Kali you want to check been part
okay I texted you here uncle tired oh
that's cool Olli
these are not limited turn let's look
into it like a visual are you doing it
you don't need to be scared buddy boy
good Johnson and it didn't even hurt
yeah it doesn't even hurt okay buddy
laughing let's try come on it's just
it's actually kind of big relief with
the banana on you only listen watch no
ma'am
see see Ali it doesn't hurt at all we
can do it on your foot don't fly
Ali it doesn't hurt buddy it's only on
your foot doesn't it just feel like
Sandra when we have the banana we're
just playing the same thing it's the
same exact thing okay so let's do it on
your hands Thank You nanny - hear it I
want to hear what it sounds like
okay okay so yeah a little more
effective look you can listen closely
okay ready hear it huh okay look listen
to your belly
she had to empty oh is it growling you
do you need all your noodles at dinner
yeah Society
you all you need a sucker in your belly
no no why don't you want to her
alright so let's listen to him I don't
you get special perfection really
Hardee's here I'm here bags here very
well I really want to hear your heart
you have her aunty let's try and hear it
okay thank you can you hear it you hear
they saw Holly you can hear it wow
you're doing so good dude good job
let me try with a magic one he actually
did it with the Dylan that's pretty good
I think he's got somewhere it's okay
buddy
okay hit her yeah I did it yeah wouldn't
it how did it hurt you okay puzzles me
hey hey
okay forget what it's what it doesn't
hurt at all it's really soft it actually
feels kind of silly like gel like almost
like flying you know looks like it's
really slippery but it doesn't hurt at
all wow what did you suck in you're
prolly I'm so proud of you let us do it
thank you
that's what the doctors gonna do
tomorrow it's gonna be really cool okay
yeah
Oh doctors are good Olli really nice ok
and then if you're really good I might
get to do something fun ascertain mmm
all right Ali
you get a little sucker like see one the
one that's when you want a great yeah us
it's okay if you get sugar bugs we'll
wipe them clean tonight before bed okay
Luna are you helping mama do Legos are
you yeah no no my sweet girls behave
behave she's got her Gator she's happy
Holly how's it going in here what are
you doing mister oh really you're fixing
them with the wand
Chewbacca's got a wand and he's fixing a
dinosaur that's what's happening in my
house right now
hey hey always you know what time it is
it's time to end the vlog you want to
help me yeah yeah all he's gotten really
good at definitely connect Thank You USB
truck if you guys enjoyed it be sure to
give it a thumbs up she won't show me a
thumbs up there we go
what question do you want to ask them
today so they can leave it in the
comments so what he's asking there is
what video should he and auntie film
next for her channel let us know in the
comments right yeah just a little heart
so much what anyway I hope you guys
doing today's video we'll see you manana
Ali what do you say
you
