wherever you are that's whatever wanna
be inside
his love
funny you never know
coming alright just again
come to every
look at these cute little rabbit feet
who do these belong to good morning food
good morning
he's so fascinated with these little
rabbit slippers that we put them in
those were actually living pays because
they slept here last night with their
slippers and forgot them didn't they
yeah I don't know where they are you
look so cute in these babe
they're like Zootopia rather slippers
yeah you look cute today thought you're
monsters University huh yeah actually
got this for my dad and your sister
shirt yeah good morning you guys it is
Saturday and it is a beautiful day we
don't know what we have going on but we
know that this morning we are wearing
bunnies right Ali yeah things like you
took my slippers bro he wore the bigger
one what's on your feet dude you got
bunny I tried to put them on him this
earlier this one he said I'm not girl
okay all I guess what these shorts that
you're wearing
they used to be pants not five minutes
ago they were a big holes in them huh
yeah ever fix something hey what's in
your mouth some in your mouth hey muffin
oh you have my food ha ha
what was that but that sounds outside
that wasn't outside that was you your
lips are all chapped bro you need some
mana all right Ali what are we playing
we playing the cowboy one but once you
puts on the intent of with and all they
can do the quick job they're really good
okay put your gun down
Oh Joon GI wait take this fire good yeah
you gotten me one now hey good game
daddy so you have to pretend to eat the
controller like I'm going on yum Yum's
that make sense
okay watch daddy do it
oh wow you got all fit in ten look over
here which is like wow man with them how
to try it on then trying it do with the
strap
clothes you don't hold it at the right
thing it doesn't work mama
eight seven sandwiches speaking of
Pantages that actually sounds really
good right now
click a good sandwich here I love once
you switch because it's such a fun party
game that you can play with and charged
by like kids can play to it I think it's
interesting all right you and Mom are
gonna start psych-k
mom versus son she got you win all he
swing at her oh he got you get her all
he's delicate you gotta keep going keep
clean oh you won ollie
high-five is it get them get them get
them get Ben Ben beat you ollie yeah
good job all the ground
yeah still teaching him to be a good
loser
Missy is checking the mag and something
exciting came oh my god super date well
it's not like they're gonna make
anything easy for you yes oh my god oh
my gosh I have a story for you you got
it babe you got the wallet on my card I
expired driver's license my insurance
card
oh I knew that I needed
luckily not anything super point like I
didn't have like my passport night which
sometimes I do carry like pictures there
like ornamental thing and I don't have
anything like super sentimental here so
but still so good alright so that is
right I got my ball back and I have
hi guys the story is kind of crazy so I
lost it I was about exactly 1 months ago
and it was the day that I was like
crying in the airport I basically left
it on the plane I went back to get it
they said they look I even call up like
the airport and they're like yeah
sometimes the airline just doesn't
actually look on so you need to fill out
you know a form for the airline that you
use which was United so I filled out my
form I waited and not even 12 hours
later they called me and said we got
your wallet
we have it you know so super excited oh
my gosh dang I mean well they're gonna
send me well a few days went by that we
were basically trying to figure out how
they are going to get it to meet where
they going to put on an airplane and as
they go to an airport
where they going to mail it to me but if
a man's kidding me to go to like a FedEx
place to set up an account all of a
sudden it was really confusing
okay basically were like you know let me
call you back
I'm pretty far from any kind of airport
they're like clinically back indeed
there's another way we can do this so
then they basically do not call me back
and I call back about a day later and
they're like oh yeah we never had a
resolution so we Seneca Texas they sent
my wallet to Texas okay and this is when
the madness happened basically because
they basically sent it to a distribution
like lost-and-found center where net
then my wallet was actually lost like
they didn't know where it was it's just
on a pile of a bunch of other lost stuff
and so they I was actually really upset
at that point I know it's my fault that
I left it on the airport or on the
airplane but they were in communication
with me trying to have it sent to me and
they just kind of decided and this is it
really worth their time or their effort
and they just send it to Texas and I
called constantly trying to figure out
okay well can I call somebody Texas
because someone like contact me and you
try and make just like a little bit more
important since you had it and now like
it's not like oh it might be in texted
it was literally like they had it in
their hand and they just were like and
all right I don't want to deal with this
and it was so frustrating and I finally
as they're calling like a million people
just telling you like can you guys try
and make this a little bit more
important they finally did after like a
lot of issues and they finally decided
okay fine let's just see if we can
figure out where it is because it's so
much time had gone by but they finally
actually did something about it and the
next day they called me and said okay we
found your wallet gassy how do you want
me to sanity I'm like just mail it to me
okay I just decided they didn't you next
tonight though I got it like two three
days later it was really really crazy
like I said a lot that you called us if
you didn't call and keep calling and
keep calling and keep I would not have
it they don't care they throw it in a
point really didn't care like he had it
and he wanted to care but then he
realized it was like too much work and
too much effort to figure out how to get
it to me so we just decided not to deal
with it and he pretty much admitting
he's like well the rule is if we don't
figure it out by Friday than I just sent
it to Texas I'm like but we were trying
to figure it out like we weren't you had
my email my phone number my name
everything
call me and say hey if we don't figure
this out then we'll have to send it to
Texas so let's try and get this figured
out right now he didn't he just lastly I
heard it she was gonna call me back to
let me know what what to do da so
annoying so yeah one month later I
finally have my wallet luckily nothing
super important what in except for like
my debit cards and stuff and I already
had the other new judgment anyway so it
worked out but also was always really
annoying you go get lunch all these guys
hide yeah you were here for a morning a
few weeks ago hawk
pancakes get per head to lunch right now
look at these cuties in their matching
super spies can you open the door buddy
good job just for self so we just got
home we ended up going to the grocery
store to grab a few things we're going
to be doing a special little dinner
tonight but we got home and both kids
passed out they're both taking really
good naps Finn is sleeping
let's see what's all he doing and Ollie
is sleeping so that is awesome so Brian
is starting up our dinner right now and
I am actually doing some Legos I stopped
my fake potatoes into the I'm in charge
of baked potatoes I've got all the
ingredients for it and I just put them
in the oven they take like at least an
hour and a half about two hours
I just got chicken on before I'm gonna
break it what we get breaking oh don't
bring in your guys to do that right dad
don't break it he'll fix it he didn't
stand it down in like pills yeah there's
a little long piece you know what it was
made with love yeah we've got chicken
and he's got got it in the food bead
thing I don't know exactly how to say it
or what it does but but it's good
getting blood good and it does take a
while so you also see what we end up
making gonna be really good I see a
little tick tock croc and an Iron Man oh
yeah see things do so cute in that yeah
you as a superhero Daniel watching
superhero show yeah yeah yeah but they
so cute they wanted to dress up and
watch superheroes that's a big gun
Carolyn and Casey are over now and they
are playing with the quick and they're
doing samurai training and it's really
funny to watch them get into character
sure
you can call me Colonel finger cuz I
make that chicken crispy Oh
I've asked another cooking I just
finished cooking dinner we got chicken
baked potatoes carrots everyone's here
hey you want to eat you guys want to eat
let's eat some food yeah all right
everyone has left we had such a great
time eating dinner and playing games
with the Johnsons I've been playing
Zelda breath of the wild and I've been
really loving it
I've never finished a Zelda game I've
always started playing them got lozenges
and then wash and dry Holly your
playroom is such a mess buddy is that
your wand
show me your much blood inside stupefy
dude your wand is glowing even show me
the tip look at that that is Chrissy
you're like a real wizard huh and then
the kids went to sleep and we can now
watch romantic comedies of couples
getting stuck in the rain coincidentally
and Legos that's what we about we love
this time when the kids go to bed we
could just chill in our labs and do our
own thing right now
and process I know missus even saying
she's like I really want to do Legos
like during the day but that's
impossible we should get a babysitter so
that we could just sit on the couch
midday play video games and Legos and
just drive yeah like always fine it's
good you just want to move it yeah
working on the second level not the
first level you love it yeah
did she have something to tell you guys
I further explained that there's a video
on my channel and it is so funny it is
my dad that does my voiceover makeup
challenge and I wish I had recorded me
giving a reaction because I was
hysterically crying laughing yeah me
both way so much it was pretty dang
awesome so be sure you go check out
Missy's video I'll have the link down
below in the description
her dad was such a great sport yeah
you'll laugh your butt about it yeah
so it's genuine we didn't let him watch
any like he hasn't seen any of any
literally no I didn't want to like ruin
him you know in like kinda funny like he
was literally just trying to do it yeah
Maithili if I was doing it I'd know
everything you're putting on your face
because I've seen I've seen you watch so
many different makeup thing I'm like
yeah I kinda know what all that is so it
would be blowing so there's nothing that
she added that to it so go check that
out link down below description thanks
so much for watching today's video guys
we'll see you manana tomorrow Sunday so
we've got church and our fun day planned
and I hope spending with us thanks for
watching see ya bye
you
