oh good morning how about your crib and
then use the stool soap on our door
wherever you are that's whatever wanna
be
thank you doctor
you're funny
good morning guys and good morning spin
or should I say Houdini this little boy
he woke up this morning climbed out of
his crib
okay wait all the way to the kitchen to
grab the stool pushed it all the way to
our bedroom door and used it to access
our doorknob and come into our room I
really thought I actually won and beat
the game figured out he figured it out
yeah so let's get his Houdini we're
gonna do he has access to the whole
house so like we definitely have to
start closing like that baby gate I
think well you guys forgot something
yeah they have like things that you can
put around the crib but kiddo I don't
know it's really weird and so good so
like I cannot no minute other bed yeah
maybe
wait he's just growing up so fast what's
going on with you dude today's in 10 dos
which day so I'm driving over to Jeffery
tough to pick them up and we are going
to the mall to pick up our pre-orders
like pi√±a gotta go get in loser we're
going shopping
let's go hashtag Mean Girls reference
what oh we are walking into a game stop
right now this whole - f ball I have a
huge box of all old games and consoles
and systems that we don't never really
play
so are you like 5 bucks in this box
we're totally not going to get a whole
lot of money probably sings but I
thought I'll trade in probably give us a
little bit of money off Jeffrey did rate
the box yeah add a bunch of games you
take us to dismiss for game thank you I
was luckily like five bucks for all
those games I know now I'll give you
five bucks for all the games that I paid
scoffs okay now we're walking into the
mall
so just got out of game stuff and I
don't know if you guys saw but I got a
50% trade-in credit so I had a trade-in
value of 4 like I think just over $400
with all those old games and systems
that we never even played before so I
was pretty so fun sure Missy's gonna be
really stoked about that too so I ended
up paying 60 bucks outright for the
console and all the games and everything
so it worked out really good
would you do it then the duck keeps a
duck
as you can see Finn's mattress is
outside of his crib and we are taking
this bottom thing off and going to put
the mattress actually on the floor then
time that because that's like our last
resort aside makes it a little bit safe
so I only worry is that if you Sandy on
it and it splits in like lip I think
it's stuck
otherwise we may just have to get like a
net to go on top of this whole thing
yeah right honestly like I tried to see
this week adjust to a toddler best for
him that he's really such a baby I say
yeah in his holidays I didn't even know
what I'm talking about
yeah look at him this is what he did
he moved the chair yellow chairs out
here
I know look at him oh you find your way
to the knob but you don't know how tours
work you can't open it that way silly
how do you find swimmin tickly just
dropping em what I do even have um
that's pretty low okay like I said my
worry is he didn't stop here get stuck
make me get a ding oh yeah click I love
a challenge
Danny you wanna come out oh oh wow we're
going to violence now angry hi dad why
there's nothing it's nap time dude
listen I really I don't think he does I
think this whole go for a little bit
longer yeah we figure out what we're
gonna do with them alright we're gonna
actually Christina said okay Ohama begin
there
look what here you guys got my Nintendo
switch I got three games Just Dance
which we love playing together
Zelda because this is the big new game
it's coming out with I've never beaten a
Zelda game I've played it played them a
couple hours
they say this one's a really good one
because I thought Missy would probably
enjoy this and then I got one to switch
which is like a party game that you can
play together but going to open this
right now show you guys the unboxing of
a Nintendo oh look at how the lung
functions I hear plug it in set it up
holy cow first right off the bat this
thing is a lot smaller than I thought
this is the joy con this is the
controller
it's called small that is in my hands
and this wow that is cool it's a really
good size definitely like portable I
think that's awesome
alright let's take these out and see
what's under customer hello so this is a
little grip for the joy con interesting
you can slide those under there if you'd
like and then over here
I think this is the coolest part of the
whole console yeah I think this was
definitely this little slice you hook
this up to your TV and then when you
want to play the console on your TV you
just slide it in and it automatically
goes on your TV so it's kind of like a
cut as a hybrid so you can play it on
its own or you can play it traditional
style on the TV which i think is really
cool so I'll probably get another one of
these Doc's you have it in my office so
that if I want to play out here I can or
if I want to go to my office and slide
it in there and play a little bit I can
- I'm a very casual gamer I do not spend
eight hours at a time playing video
games mainly probably like one maybe two
hours if I'm lucky so that'll be really
nice for casual gamers like me I'm
really excited about this part putting
the controllers on I hear it feels
really nice and it makes a really cool
sound so I'm going to try it
mmm
clicky ooh there it is you guys intend
to switch so cool I like this a lot
I'm always a fan of Nintendo because
they do things different and weird and I
think that's cool now we're going to try
this thing up because obviously you
can't play it right away so we're going
to charge it and then maybe Missy and I
will play later today well looks like
moving the mattress worked for a fan
because he is perfect and cannot climb
out of the crib since I picked up the
switch today I wanted to make sure we
had a great place to put it and all of
our cords have been kind of messed up
for a while behind this TV stand as you
can tell it's just a complete and utter
chaos so I am using this opportunity to
organize things so I'm at the play
station over here this is the Nintendo
switch which we can dock when we open
this and then we can dock it for use on
the TV but HDMI cords are way too short
so I actually go to Best Buy my favorite
place ever and pick up HDMI cords all so
I pulled this one out of the back of the
TV and it completely got tore apart and
the one I replaced it with was the extra
PlayStation 1 my hat now have our living
room altura which I'm sure miss you love
right now and I have to run the Best Buy
so I have everything I need
won Best Buy trip later and everything
is fine on the organize you guys want to
do this this is the game cabinet
officially got the Nintendo switch here
which is docked and
on the screen we have the NES classic
ps4 and then down here is all of our
accessories so we've got controllers
charging extra controllers stuff like
that this is basically our getting
covered now so and I've got the red and
blue colors all in the house today to
celebrate the Nintendo switch all right
okay the fan is over and we're breaking
that baby
APD says those nights out didn't really
want to go on a little ride but they're
kind of all low on Domino
- thumbs up beautiful head on - listen
you got an accident dude
the family is over and everyone's riding
around going for a ride bro oh yeah and
you drive your car you're right in that
be careful with my boy
well this can't be good what do you do
it kid
all right Ollie it's time to get rid of
the snake loaded no I don't want him on
my neck oh you were so brave
Ollie very bright he put him put it on
his neck like a bully in his name here's
a shirt that has that same snake on it
like so again hang on Miss mating visit
your house he's like the perfect size
for you he wants to take care oh my gosh
Oliver are you kidding me right now
at this point Oliver is much more brave
than I am if I sneak and just like that
he's gone don't be sad what's wrong oh
dude it's okay hey we'll catch more
snakes okay okay hissing legit bad that
does me free it's okay hey guess what
we got pizza you wanna go eat pizza okay
chili pizza he's still bugging out we
took the snake free we got pizza ooh
that one looks good you want to eat
pizza come on let's go eat pizza you
don't have to be sad but not fire we are
playing one two switch on the Nintendo
flip and
like a party game Oh who got it
oh this one is so cool
it's called treasure chest and it's
wrapped in Chains and they have to move
their controller around to unravel it
Jim we've got it now they're going to
milk a cow oh my god
the law okay all right now we are
playing telephone with Jeffrey they have
to answer the phone first when it rings
and say hello time to sort by live you
ready you got this you got this left
roll it good good yeah come on
no strike yet they both have all their
heart oh you've got you live Callie I
have a question for you what color you
want me to turn your lights pebble away
red all right let's turn them red whoa
that's really red huh what other color
you want me turning pink yeah pink now
what color for you
how bout blue ooh look at those blue
lights that's so neat huh yeah and they
show their little spooky yeah any other
color you want to see about my favorite
color green ooh you know what it's
bedtime
so should probably just change the
colors to something normal and dim the
light that's nice huh
and now we can relax be calm and go to
bed right um there is a spider hanging
right above your bed can you guys see
that this is Perry
I'm going to take care of that thing
right now got them he's in this and I'm
going to be watching you if you guys
enjoyed it be sure to give it a thumbs
up show me a thumbs up hey do you want
to ask them a question and then they can
type it in the comment okay go ahead and
ask him a question where's Jill - aimy
Kersey
there you go all he wants to know what
your favorite color is let us know in
the comments below thank you for
watching we'll see you manana oli what
do you say hi
do
you
