yeah it was so cute watching a movie
come on keep an eye on them Oh No
whatever you owe that way I wanna be
inside
here's Lao
just wanna
come again
good morning guys today is a beautiful
day we have a little light breeze coming
but I think it's time to reveal
something to you guys because they've
started doing some extra work on the
pool and it's pretty clear what's going
on now so I think we're going to show
you the plans let's check out what
they're doing today they've actually
started spraying where all that rebar is
right there see how that concrete on the
sides and then over here that is the spa
it has walls now so crazy seeing our
vision come to life like this but
honestly there's definitely a lot
happening right now with this and we're
going to show you guys going on but
basically over here that's going to be a
slide so we have stairs and then a slide
and then there's going to be a full rock
wall over there and then the spa is
going to be its own little grotto it's
gonna be like a cave it's amazing
good morning boys how are we doing good
hey oli what are the guys doing to your
pool they're fixing it huh and what's
your new pool gonna have a waterfall and
what else a slider so exciting oh we got
nature thank you oh we do have a little
Lego set up there that will open that in
it in a little bit okay you have to be
really really good to open that okay
we're getting it we're doing them as
like rewards now so misty get to do them
with Ravalli but get to be a good boy
right he was my buddy plugin
good morning fan how you doing buddy
come on man these boys have been so good
all morning made him breakfast they ate
machine I actually had time to get ready
at a decent time it's a before noon
that's always fun and we have a lot of
work to do so we're kind of just picking
out the hospital do meetings and stuff
but hang on I want you saying I want to
move in with Ben okay okay thank you
he's such a boy I want to show you guys
the plan we've been keeping this a tough
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh that is what our new
pool is going to look like you guys
we're going to have the pool front come
from here down and then here over so
it's still going to be safe but we're
going to have stairs up here and then a
slide right here is going to be a
waterfall that you can sit behind on a
wall and rock structures and water
coming out and then a spa bottle with
water coming over the top and it's going
to incorporate a couple of like
different things that we like from our
style like natural wood and rock and
stuff it's going to be really cool and
they keep reassuring us that everything
is going to be done this summer so
hoping that this is going to be best
summer ever
I think so Olli what does Papa have
Papa's always showing up at our door
with weird things huh wah-ha-ha-ha thank
you for showing me I'm worried about him
I think you why I hang out in the water
thing down there we'll check it out
one is pretty cool haha you think he's
blind
yeah look at his eye no what's he doing
out this time of year I know it's cold
out here
these obviously young too yeah well you
can see they have keys do ya 6-footer I
got it
and he clamped on my hand and looked a
nice little mark oh good happy you're
actually excited about this you know
what this means this is the first snake
we found this year yeah
y-yeah I think you might have to take
care of the baby we can fit like you can
happened ten feet in front of himself
so how only bite like if agitated he may
is the same one that was mad last time
because oh oh yeah they'll obey for
money are not a medal but yeah I was
worried about him because it's really
cold down I don't think you can see to
eat let's get them some cricket
someplace warm
so this is where Missy gets it her need
to take care of animals comes over dad
oh I can't do that free snack out no all
year holding this big buddy yeah yeah be
really careful because they just baby
from
so you guys just saw a clip from our
next security camera of the craziest
thing eyes he crawled he crawled outside
he could fall onto me by he moved the
chair so that he could open the door and
he walked out you were supposed to be
happy
what's the craziest thing you're not
even good yeah I see you like you see me
exercise I can open the bro
never open the door he's never opened
the door before and he actually moved to
the chair next to the door so that he
could reach the knob Oliver are you
teaching your brother bad habit I mean I
get my first job okay I he was out was I
had me all clearly played he cries nope
he crawled out and he jumped onto his
little beanbag next to ok crazy smart
kid well guys I know this is kind of sad
but I did beat him at his own game yeah
I put him back in there hoping that he
wouldn't climb out without like the
bigger blanket to use as leverage and he
still climbed right out so I checked you
cannot lower it anymore it's the lowest
it can be and so I put him in footsie
pajamas because before he wasn't wearing
anything on his feet so he definitely
was able to grip and now that he's in
footsie pajamas he can't get out and
he's so upset about it like he for sure
thought that he had it all figured out
that he could just climb right out and
now he is so upset and he does not want
to take a nap at all because he just
wants to climb out so I'm super bummed
because usually that time does not go
like this like he just lays down and
goes to bed but I think he got excited
because he thought I can just climb out
of the creb now that he is really really
mad just was I can happen anymore
so I have a bummer alcohol end up having
to get him up I have a feeling he's not
going to take a nap which is seriously
so frustrating anyways me and all your
going to play a game together I'm going
to clean up a little bit too and I am
ready
was I'm so hungry yay and as you can
tell it is loading but that is the
current image right now but he was mad
for a few minutes in this position and
then he literally just fell asleep so I
think he was a little bummed but he came
to terms with it and he went to bed so
yay
thumbs up for a nap today has just been
like one of those days where I just want
to like cuddle of a blanket punk ground
mouse and not do anything it's actually
really nice but I set the boys up to
watch a movie and I was just watching
him on the nest cam mommy and Brian were
talking they're really so cute yeah he's
so cute what no he cometh keep an eye on
him
Oh No well guys kids are asleep
I see fell asleep next to me while
watching a movie I'm watching hacksaw
rage which is interesting to warm of the
quality ye see closely look good but
today was a fun day the boys had a lot
of fun I think a just saw the clip of
Olly playing piano which I thought was
hilarious because he really thought he
was playing piano and it was so cute I
was like I hate like reach for the
camera like I have to film this is so
funny but anyway both kids are asleep
now we're just relaxing for the night in
popcorn watching movie cuddling with the
puppies but that's all for today's video
hope you guys enjoyed it if you did you
should give it a thumbs up and subscribe
friday guys intentos which comes out
today and i think we're gonna go pick it
up so that's clay anyway thanks for
watching today's vlog we'll see you
Minya
you
