Holly look it's a possible to gumball
just like this haha whoever you are
that's what ever wanna be inside
funny
come again I am
good morning good morning how you doing
buddy game good how you feeling okay
pretty good cuz you got your double ear
infection remember yeah I had to show
you check out what we just got in the
mail you guys I did not order this for
you
I didn't order it for my self admit I've
been talking about doing this leg
outside cashews obsesses Legos it also
came with a little helicopter look at
that do the helicopter and tower bridge
and we got a little note with a bunch of
Lego heads on it oh you can open that
don't lose the pieces okay
what did you say green cleaning family
we are so specially welcome you into the
lego community please enjoy the set and
happy building we can't wait to see what
you create together Cheers Leto that's
crazy
Lego official Lego Center the Tower
Bridge to do yes you can open it
surprise Mama's not like can I help in
bed oh he's in line open your Lego set
in a while that is so cool so we can do
this little helicopter lego city you
want to do it right now
Wow let's put together all II love doing
minifigs this he always just grabbed all
the minifig pieces bro I think it's
heads on backwards
that's so cool oli can you say thank you
let go now we are going to move on to
this one
oh forget the tail centaur thingamajig
that's a cool little helicopter could
circle all our LEGO creations pom
Oh case we are going on a super fun
adventure today and what we're doing is
we're to go hiking with the whole family
without my mom and Dodge Brothers
they're ahead of us
and we're also see some really fun stuff
maybe go explore some water that is
rarely seen around California to just
like have a fun little adventurous date
let's go
you
hours to kill my mom would you want
coyote did I scare to them a baby one
you're not scared of them
no you know kaarvok I was like a coyote
huh
I read a first stop and I before we get
going by Jay I thought I would say
something Jimmy this is my brother he
hasn't seen a lot yesterday was his very
long day of college watch say he's
graduated from college now and it's his
birthday week so he's basically like
this is all around like the best week of
his life I haven't gotten my grades in
yet oh you don't know celebrate but I'm
just going to say that Jimmy has always
done straight A's throughout all of his
high school and college years they're
going to be pretty amazing yeah we're
pretty much excited we're gonna be
celebrating this weekend basically his
birthday and the fact that he graduated
college which is kind of crazy so now
we're off I don't know what's going on
over here hey guys what is going up wow
you're getting water hurry you're so
strong see ya guys
- people do not want to be the horses
start kitty cat and thank you Sam and
that's a bad snake yeah anyways what is
that yeah those are all the things that
we need to be sure to look out for we do
not want to run into those
and
what's even crazier about being all the
beautiful landscape and creatures and
animals and stuff this is all right in
our backyard in California
Ollie do you hear that we hear water
ladies and gentlemen that's exciting
rushing water Ollie I think there's a
waterfall up here let's go see
so funny go Ollie good job buddy
all of the running water never seen this
before and this to be seriously such a
great place to bring karma and learn Oh
once they get back think they're going
to love this honestly Jim and Jimmy are
looking for salamanders in the water if
they could see anything
market awesome ants worm so slow
what are you boys doing you got your
feet in the water
how's it feel ollie it's like I am Oh
you see fishies oh they are all right we
are climbing up to the truck take a
family photo
it's a possible I got Bob haha we're
just hanging out on a rock ice cream no
biggie alright good how's it feel baby
only there's a lizard right there on the
rock can you get it oh you scared him
what did you just find all these mermaid
oh but they have actual laid legs
mermaids have a fish tail ego Dora he
thinks you guys are mermaids
all right we just got back from our
little hike some of us did better than
others right Ali he's happy now excuse
fruit snacks and we have fresh
strawberries that are delicious
all right we have relocated all he did
take a little nap on the way to the new
place he's like I'm tired I'm ready to
take enough now but yeah we have now
located to actually where I grew up
this isn't like my house or anything my
house a little bit further down where I
grew up but this is the riverbed that we
used to hang out and something I mean my
brother is news to do every year find a
little kind of pond for like a fitting
water and we find tons of tadpoles and
then the tadpoles would eventually turn
into frogs and there's little tiny tiny
frogs everywhere so we're coming down to
the rub and said now which is kind of so
fun to be out because this is where we
used to always walk to we walk down the
riverbed all the time we can talk all
kinds of cool stuff
what there's running water nothing sit
in but more running water well this is
sitting right here this is also per
track yes you can see very hard to go
over there once I post what they got
yeah they will last a long time around
here is it half hamlet in a wild habitat
we found cat dog so yeah they're so tiny
bag literally the tiny six tadpoles ever
we have a little tiny tiny pencil Wow
all you basically found them you'd
starve all when that download you didn't
Stephan them cuz I think one my studs
catching me some yes I know there used
to be like oil spilling it would look
like I would know because there was just
so many and it was like a big and then
we would just live we would like pick
him up you feeling him kinda with a
milky
we're gonna take those back home and see
if they turn into frog yes they will
they'll start to grow legs and
everything there's like a little thing
for them yes we remember we used yeah we
would have been a bathtub in our pasture
and they grow up and then they cry it's
a pretty good message they got the top
off the water bottle using the top to
scoop them in those are tiny tiny things
I like you remember we used to - yeah
yeah yeah hey remember we like to saw
her for a tadpole in Idaho like oh yeah
one of these might turn into frogs like
this big yeah they're tiny tiny frog
alright ran to Petco and we got a few
things for a new little cat bowl which I
just have to say that these things are
getting a really good life and probably
a better chance to live but yes so
basically we fill this tank with a
little bit of water and rocks we put a
couple mothballs in there and there is
also tadpole food and then they have a
little thing that they can eventually
get on and I'm actually really excited
to kind of show Ollie the process
because what's going to happen with
tadpoles is they sprout little eggs and
they sprout little arms and they lose
their tail and they become a frog we're
gonna have little frogs and I'm telling
you it actually doesn't take that long
let's put them in their little home
there's quite a few in there pretty cool
we will count them and name them yes we
will name each and every one yeah yeah
looks really gross just like they like
it look at a video there's so many of
them how many on there oh pretty full
city mate you miss fun there's so many
huh I'm so excited to want to turn the
froggy do you know these are baby frogs
and they're going to turn into like
froggy that hop around and not cool then
what do you think of it pretty cool huh
I know there's so many little tadpoles
that's so cool though we're going to be
able to watch them turn into frogs
aren't we hi guys here now out of our
dirty stinky wet clothes and we are now
active with the fam unfortunately we
left the dinner at the exact same time
that fin was going to bed and we were
like try to be able to do and Brian
actually stayed home with it so that he
could go to sleep and I feel really bad
is to join us but he was kind of totally
fine with eggs and pretty sure he's
playing video games
so yeah just us but we had we actually
just got done with dinner but our dinner
was substandard subpar but it wasn't
like our favorite it was a lot of the
steak was a little overcooked but it was
fine although this was seeming basically
birthday dinner so and the usual just
went but anyways I think we're going to
head home and do dessert we're not
really still just on camera
you
