you blowing raspberries on whatever you
are that where I wanna be
you fucking it down coming all tracks
again
I come to every
good morning guys today is a filming day
I just got done with a video on my
channel and of course when we do filming
stuff like this the kids are usually
running around crazy but we did leave
them in the playroom for a little bit of
time and we came back to this Finn show
me the evidence first of all we got
marker on his belly right here so let's
see what happened it's on this thing
it's on my walls all over the walls on
here on the hair unless the toy chest
okay look at this ridiculous bed
ridiculous because you have an older
brother who has like 10 I need to get
rid of all the markers because all I
never did those to me never had markers
Ronnie I had to clean it all up
yeah we're getting ready to film a video
with Bailey again which is exciting what
do you think he did like Batman
up there how naughty oh yeah I just need
to get rid of all that herself
ah crazy kid when is it going to stop
raining you guys I'm pretty fed up with
the rain at this point pretty much done
pretty much done I pretty much don't
have to rain anymore I'm over being wet
when I go outside I'm over the dogs you
head we have to take a lot to go potty
I'm just kind of all around over the
rain so California if you could stop
raining that'd be awesome a lot of our
streets like coming up to our house are
flooded and
a pain in the butt seriously though it's
been raining non-stop all day today when
will it stop we may never know I've got
my countdown for her rising zero Don
gonna be playable in about six hours
today and I'm totally looking forward to
it if you guys don't know it's about
like this tribal world where you fight a
robot dinosaurs so I'm pretty excited
and I've been telling Ollie all about it
as well so I bought him a controller so
that he can play those air quotes play
while I'm playing the game because he's
been saying how much he wants to play
but of course he doesn't really know how
to play video games but if I give him a
controller and I play sitting next to
him it could be like we're playing
together
I think he'll fall for that and it'd be
super fun to do because he loves
dinosaurs and I love killing robot
Angeles under the okay Ollie what is all
over you - where did you get all this
tattoos bro mama give you all these
tattoos they look like I think from
mallanna wait so their tattoos that Maui
has guys so cool can you show me what
some of them are oh yeah Maui's right
there huh oh and that's him fighting the
big snake
yes not cool and then that's the big
eagle let me check out your arms which
what is that Oh a bird yeah I dread
going that's cool and then we got some
tribal bad they hurt you well yeah of
course getting tattoos hurt huh yeah I
think you know he's judging out because
they're all on them come here let me see
you did you want to take them off we'll
take them off tonight when you take a
bath okay eight jumping on daddy hop on
pop Oh Jim yeah you have green all over
your face yeah I literally
keep cleaning all the markers up and
then he finds another marker I'm pretty
sure he like hid them all because they
just got another one and I'm going to
come in here and see what he did oh just
moron here maybe Oh bunch on the seat
down there I'm just gonna have to get
rid of all of the crayons and markers
luckily it's all washable it's fine but
it's not fine I don't want him to think
that you can just color on everything so
I have to dependent get rid of them all
until both of them are old enough
did you try putting on some eyeliner
like maja the green kind you are so
naughty where are you going you gonna
show me where else you can color it on
economy honey come on yeah what's number
your neck
let's not cut that as we go thank you
say you're welcome you're welcome Olli
can you show me what is all over you
texting touches why do you touch is all
over you
hi I'm Ellie
yeah Johanna check out baby video once
it comes out I don't know when all these
videos are coming our just kind of
filming a bunch but yes you just up in
Maui huh oh yes a boat party yeah yeah
boat party
so that's all is Maui tattoos and now
he's up having nice chill day I'm sorry
I told you it's been pouring and raining
all day not raining right now that you
can just see like the puddles it's just
like muddy puddles out there everywhere
poor Linda has to be she she was super
muddy so she got a bath and now we're
like trying to keep it at least somewhat
changed a little while and then lost put
her back out there soon
go potty and then should be dirty again
alright I'm on a mission to uh take was
in a potty real quick and I'm going to
go check on my chicken which I believe
are doing also good you guys I am still
in complete and utter shock that that
one chicken came back because yeah
she was gone for like a good two days
like honestly
two days probably and I just thought
there's no way that a chicken can live
during the night time in this area the
coyote would just get it but it probably
just had a good beating I think they
just wander around it not either they
can sit please
so I'm surprised she made her way back
I'm surprised you didn't get lost so
anyways you guys stay out here while I
check on my chicken
okay guys all six are you doing good
go food water I already actually picked
up two eggs morning they are doing good
see I did get two eggs I'm only getting
like two A's at the very most day so I'm
just assuming that it's one of two
things the cold weather which is really
let's be honest not that cold
and the second one just that there is a
lot of work being done not that it's
even not loud or even not often it's
pretty in between but maybe it's just a
little like frightening when it is loud
then it sets them off for like a few
days so those are my guesses I'm just
going to give them a little bit of grace
so summertime but come summertime if
they were producing eggs we're having
chicken for dinner I'm totally kidding
though guys all right the kids are all
ready for the day yeah I was going to
jail bed and today always been playing
that costume with those cops and robbers
set like all day long he decided that he
was going to be in jail so he climbed
into Finn bed and he had handcuffs on
him and I'm pretty sure the girls like
put him in there and then he would not
come out until they got him out of jail
so I've actually watched him as really
sore he shows you hang on this is so
funny Keith sat in that crib for almost
30 minutes just running guys were
waiting calling for them to come get him
and they were all sitting in the
playroom watching TV didn't even know
that he wasn't going to come out and do
they can't I told you guys all he's in
the crib and he wants you to get him out
anyways I'm going to be really good
alright so here you can see all he gets
in the crib and I'm just scrolling
through the time and he's just sitting
in here bored waiting for them to come
get him look at now he's on top of it
jumping yeah look at him just waiting so
yeah he was just sitting in there
the kids were just watching TV in the
playroom had no idea I just looked back
and I watched it I thought it was so
funny because he was just really want to
play these kids are getting ready for
bed now so now he called it jail bed huh
and I gotta say these kids are getting
it cuter and cuter every single day when
I don't think it's possible they just
start changing it it's the craziest
thing but Finn is just starting to
become like really attached to ollie but
I just think it's so cute he always
wants to do everything all he does is he
mimics everything all he does and now he
like loves to give hugs and kisses me
just wants to play with ollie now which
always excited about more now because it
can actually play they're just changing
all the time then can you give your
brother a kiss and a hug Ben thank you
thank you ollie
oh he wants to share is donating to you
bite ah okay Wow is that good doughnut
does good doughnut you blowing
raspberries on them hey show me what you
got buddy Batman Lego yeah when we're at
the Lego store they gave us a free gift
is two little Lego figurines which are
always favorite thing ever he loves
putting together minifigs - love you
oh my gosh that's so many pieces yeah my
sister is over and we are doing a Lego
set Lego set one night challenge
Simpsons kwik-e-mart you're going to put
together all the minifigs for her yeah I
don't know where that energy is coming
from at all you're not gonna be able to
get 2,000 pieces in one night that's
going to be fun
my sister loves doing LEGO sets though
so it was a good opportunity for her to
come over and put that one together
because I want to get that one anyway
because we are going to have this one
since out Missy and I are going to put
that one together so we can get the
figures figures opportunity the prize
mama what do we have here Belle and oh
thank you buddy
god this is so many bags with all the
stickers yeah so cool here's my sorting
monotony house over 30 box that is very
cool
when the kids are asleep the adults will
do Legos I put together the Beauty and
the Beast brickhead and these are
actually so fun to do because they're
like small you only take like 10 15
minutes and it's like super interesting
how they make all these little pieces
turn into the characters so there's
Belle and the Beast and then these two
we're working diligently on the
kwik-e-mart lego challenge right here
check out what they've already gone
they've done the police car which is
pretty cool and then inside the
kwik-e-mart you can see the squishy
machine and arcade game and the cold
cases check this out there's a frozen
guy in there looks like all things like
milk and lemonade's and your guys so
cool famously so cool
I know it's like two hours maybe yeah a
lot more done when the kids go to sleep
and look at your organizing system to
hear above check for design call it
pardon on the mini you're a genius
you guys are seriously like pros
alright it is 1:45 okay 1:45 in the
morning we took the challenge did we do
it did we accomplish it baba yes we did
okay so yes now here I dine or watch
this so I don't know that much about it
but it's so cool so I'll show you guys a
little will give you a little quick Mart
tour so this cart opens up we've got a
little garden up garden roof up here
which is pretty cool but you can take
this off and look at this a detail we've
got easy money machines video cameras
you've got little there's chocolate milk
in there good doughnut straight here got
hot dogs and newspapers all these weird
plushies je suis just of gas asian ha ha
ha
that's Marge these were very intricate
you probably can't tell but they're very
teeny tiny little pieces and then this
is a storage area and here's a little
rat this was detailing here too that you
guys can really see so cool yeah and I
just like snaps together ok
oh here's a better look at that rat so
yeah this is done it's got all these
cool stickers around it it's pretty cool
it's pretty cool I don't watch The
Simpsons but I think it's Bigelow yeah
you can totally see inside now that the
roof is off it looks like lights are on
actually it looks pretty cool
alright but anyways it's holy I have I
have to go to all right kazumi up at 7
a.m.
oh how I need a cheese video make sure
you give it a big thumbs up a few days
and we'll see you guys now bye
you
