can you tell us all about the Lion King
what's it about mommy and the baby and
what happens to the baby lion oh good to
see you guys there you have it Lion King
is told by a three year old whoever you
are that's where I wanna be
chocolate that ticket
No
come on alright just again
I am
good morning guys this morning started
out really great we all woke up we got
ready for the day we left the house and
time to go get some breakfast right
before church and then as we were
putting on the boy shoes in the back
seat we realized when Missy grabbed the
right shoe for ollie
it was the same shoe but it was thin
size so it was not going to fit on
Oliver shoe and he would look quite
funny so they went in to go get
breakfast and I ran up to the house and
I grabbed the right shoe so hopefully
this all works and he won't look like a
fool with no shoes on let's go meet up
with them and see what takes place
good morning Ollie are you missing
something shoes
yes your shoes specific
yes you are eating thinking fellas
amazing good truck Oh Benny you're not
in the mood this morning are you in the
mood for funny okay hey we are started
happy today we're not offices I was like
oh we're so going to church in turn
hungry
so nice that we always we need to always
give yourself enough time to go eat
breakfast really pretty sure breakfast
is my favorite meal
do you think we are late our church
thing sure like an hour
Tomica plenty of iyyaka anniversary
we've closed terrible a boat a little
bit late day but yeah we'll just miss
like a couple minutes of singing so say
I see him posted again today inner
strength I feel like whenever we take
like a phrase which we did because I
would like in Portland and things like
that
it used to be difficult again so we'll
see how it goes today I'm really really
crossed my fingers I know pay will be
okay that'll be exciting cause you to
play with tape
oh-oh-oh-oh gotten out of the car he did
not want to move forward until all of
her head on the car so cute all right we
just got a church he's trying to see if
she can see our kid he probably left
she's always up and left Hey Dude what's
up oh oh there's our Fannie's hey did
they put Ben in your class he didn't cry
now he gets a doughnut right all right
we are home now and I am now actually
going through both the boys rooms and
really cleaning out their clothes I just
finished Finn's room and I'm not always
room right now which is causing it's
kind of a little unorganized mess but
basically trying to get rid of all his
winter long-sleeved clothes and clothes
that don't fit him because he still has
a lot of stuff that's just like way too
small for him kind of just sitting in
here so it's kind of sometimes it can be
difficult to like even find his clothes
so and then we also just went to
Carter's and bought the boys basically
like their summer wardrobe just a bunch
of clothes to kind of keep them cool new
shorts new like t-shirts things like
that before I bring them in I just want
to make sure that all this is cleaned up
and they don't have any old clothes in
there and I can put them away for the
next boy I'm probably going to have I'm
kind of going through it now too and
deciding like what I can get rid of and
what I want to keep for if when I have
another boy and I'm just thinking I'm
going to have another boy so what do I
want what do I want to wear so that
would just be so funny I think because a
lot of the stuff that's in winter is
Holly Wars and now the next if I have
another boy he'll wear with all the ants
anymore
I'm also try not to keep too much when
you have a new baby you do like to
buying the clothes and so I have so much
of Ali's done like I should have just
kept with sentimental or what like I
remember him wearing all the time and
got rid of the rest because the truth is
I do like buying
for the boys and new things and I don't
want them to feel like they're just
literally only wearing but their brother
war or hand-me-down clothes um yeah I
don't know I'm just excited to kind of
keep what sentimental not keep like
boxes and boxes of clothes though we
agreed your work at pop yes we are we
have just traveled to a hillside where a
bunch of wild California poppies have
bloomed it's quite the spots
apparently Californians don't see
flowers a whole lot because there's a
ton of people here super blue pelicans
long range look at this whole areas like
this like if you see them on a side of
the road there's traffic lui stopped
yeah people are getting out to go see us
yeah canary where there's not a lot of
traffic oh no what this kid is doing why
were you running the other way
don't run away from us bro you're so
fast we'll run with us yeah run this way
to the flower no you go ahead
I do go this is the little hillside that
we're all the flowers
you
a little wing our Molly did we get Holly
Holly Holly glue no women doesn't have
to tell she's a little pill okay
pretty flowers not Holly - there is a
number over there - lets people taking
photos here
you know ready for Brad you know karna
you want to go to sleep in his crib
today bro
nine eight saying I love you oh look at
that face what you just very tired no
senses
oh we were running lots of errands and
now we are back and it is time to watch
The Lion King I finally figured out how
to get on the Apple TV and someone is so
excited are you so excited yeah
and watch The Lion King can you tell us
all about the Lion King what's it about
the baby and what happens to the baby
lion oh the monkey holds them up yeah
there you have it Lion King is told by a
three year old yeah it's coming out Oh
is he looking at the picture
oh no he's not even doing it on picture
it is coming out really soon huh yeah
all right k9 to your brother to it Vic
to the bear and then this happened he
almost made it to the ending of the Lion
King and then they passed that had a
great day with the fam hope you guys
enjoyed today's video if you guys have
not seen the second chances music video
please go check it out thank you guys so
much for all the sweet comments on that
so example in the description so you
guys can watch it tomorrow could be busy
so don't miss tomorrow's vlog thanks for
watching we'll see you guys when Jana
bye
you
