okay be any big bat me all right but
yeah drive
yeah okay all right push start digging
okay
wherever you are that lever wanna be
inside
Oh
just never know
come again
good morning Finn where are we going
through this morning
No good morning ollie
where we going this morning we're going
to church but first what are we gonna do
package choco mochi 'suppose we're gonna
eat backache that drink chocolate milk
and this kid needs it hangry I never
realized I thought you were crazy in the
morning when you don't get your food but
this one is like what's up what are we
doing nothing even have a brain enjoy
eat
yeah do you have no brain Olli here
knock on your head do you feel a brain
is there a brain in there no okay let's
see some food then Finn thought that was
a good sausage bud
finish eating some pancakes and sausage
and scrambled eggs and always eating his
pancakes maybe a new channel digs and
why not
oh my goodness classic Italian is funny
for this is happened Oh one sitting here
was my kids and it was playing with
these little milk cartons and he was
like just stacking them up and being
good you know he then takes the milk
carton and he cites it really hard
well I mean it literally explodes all
over this and all over I mean you can
Sophie mark I'm going to see if I can
focus in on it you still see like where
I kind of wiped it up it's really hard
it's really dark there was actually some
people sitting over there too and as you
can see there's an opening between this
class and it didn't explode off is black
it literally included on my hands
yeah but we didn't notice that explode
I'm gonna say so I look overhead he
literally had some milk spots on his
face he doesn't know it and I'm like
dying and so embarrassed and I literally
don't know what to say like okay sorry
son exploded milk onto your face I
didn't say anything because I was too
tired to like embarrass I don't know I
still heard about it he eventually did
wipe it off but it was like polycyclic
cleaner has been so naughty
yeah luckily he's so funny you guys it's
Oh she'll be so cute
hey looks good game and I did hair day
hello hi hey oh oh it will deny that but
that's a pain so it's cool we're just
eating our breakfast and then we're
officers
so breakfast this morning I really want
to chocolate milk and Ollie got the last
one how's that milk safe pretty good
it's chocolate milk yeah yeah daddy
didn't have chocolate mum pity you have
the last one yeah I got I got Starbucks
I'm okay I guess
I guess I'm okay eat your scrambled egg
i you don't need some yard item you're
all done we are walking into the church
and Finn passed out you think he'll
sleep in Sunday school a little nursery
first I wasn't sleeping well they out
they have two cribs in there so you
could transfer to the crisper did let's
see cool trick k stop right there
it's rainy and we didn't bring jackets
for the boys at least on this one in the
car for Ollie he looks like a biker dude
come on
he have a have fun at Sunday school we
have to leave just for a little bit okay
yeah honey in the church now hopefully
the kids do every we could try in every
week it's something different well like
I'm really hoping like this Ludwig
feathers and the last week the last week
was worse than the week we're working on
it the church has got out and if you
didn't know good in your crusade to say
guys Holly walk only walks right in
crying right now that sleep it oh
here to pick up the kids
- hi Peyton
and Ben happy now he has animal crackers
just one did you see all honey whoa
hi ollie how was your time it's like
okay Oliver James you did so good you
have lots of fun
are you a dinosaur I thought of the
dinosaur thank you
yeah the kid did so good and so happy it
only took like two or three months yeah
they did
alright guys we're going to have lunch
and all garden I ended up being like an
hour weight said we ate at the fish
place across the street
I still picked up a gallon of milk a
soup for dinner tonight so that will be
yummy what else did we get buddy I'm
talking we got some chocolate that was
making them huh
and some breadsticks of course we had to
get some breadsticks right I think we're
just throw it in the crock-pot all day
but stay warm good when Sadie's
weakening a nap we got home I'm going to
put both the boys down for now of course
they both fell asleep in the car which
works out sometimes thin but a little
bit longer but Ollie is actually so
sweet but while the boy slept we cleaned
everything and we cleaned the kitchen
and all that I want to show you as my
castle up here this is where I wanted to
put it and I love it up here I think it
looks so pretty so yeah I'm really
really excited about it I think it looks
really cool it out of the way so the
kids won't like break it they can still
admire it it's been a good day though
we've been relaxing and we're not
relaxing really I mean it's very like a
tilde but we've been like cleaning up as
you can see everything is super clean I
feel like yesterday when I was just like
a lot of people over at south of the
house it's like messy but just gets like
a little out of order and then like you
feel like you're gonna go crazy so pain
good up Holly oh he just woke up he
needs some mama me mama okay
big bad me oh yeah joy
yeah okay all right what are you digging
I figured girl Robo just whoa boy huh I
do need a girl static cops don't let
anything me go slow its first time
driver Hey yeah I have to go back here
cops don't wear a Jamie okay you looking
all crazy with that hairdo
she don't wanna keep the car thank you
Oh
oh geez are those garlic you don't wanna
meet me there I want to add my new hug
yeah it was how to bit about wanna be
careful driving again okay yeah I'll ask
100 maybe I could come to you yeah
that's a good idea
that's a much better idea yeah I'll come
over a little bit
make your hat dad yeah I'll Tommy gr
okay maybe home I gotta take off come
take okay hey your - I agree I mean sad
me ginger for your people
I can't go ya go that's why I feel good
name is Joker wow that's too scary for
me yeah you remember I actually really
liked it do you remember little scary
yeah and you can tell me Joker scary
yeah okay but you want to see it again
ha ha ha are you gonna drive are you
gonna drive down in meet papa you can
enjoy yourself yeah alright so the real
plan is that I'm gonna drive you okay
that sound good
I beseech Sammy Hagar's Papa yes scuse
me go see the batman lego movie with
papa
my dad's been dying to go see it and all
i was like i want to go i just throw him
down to meet with my dad and my brother
and sister he's gonna go see the movie
with sense and yeah i think i'm actually
going to go shopping with my mom just at
target to get a couple things I've got
fin in the car and yeah I think we all
just end up meeting at my house
afterwards so turning out to be a really
fun Sunday ha dude yeah you got a good
now we went to church it's good huh yeah
oh yeah okay I'm here with you auntie
and uncle yay
I have found my papa auntie and uncle
came Horning tell them that the Joker
scary scary I love you hi buddy
hey Ollie hey mama what's that is
probably his favorite oh oh it's been so
cute tonight since I animated look who's
home what's up Ollie and hey how was the
movie
hey Papa said you decide you had to go
to the bathroom during the final fight
scene so he missed it oh but you had a
good time hanging out pop out and Aunty
and uncle wow that's good are you flying
right now what he tended you take flight
come here oh my boys back my boy is back
hey you you're squishing me just a
little bit you smell like peanut butter
what are you eating
ha very bitter boy it's very big about
it it's hardcore oh great Oh God
oh so they just saw me what just now no
put that back in your mouth and eat it
but I'm but they're all can't eat it
what throw up there's so much happening
great now there's stuff on my shirt and
we uncover you smell like poop sorry
here's the worst gas we don't know why
karma Go Go you smell hey you're not
helping the situation monkey boy all
Riley go go finish it okay you eating a
peanut butter and jelly and take your
shoes off kid what are you doing
you
