so I think we decided Luda it's chasing
karma and karma is chasing the ball you
could care less she's getting tired so
this might work lower down on that
little scene yeah oh she planted a
little wherever you are that's where I
wanna be inside
ah
just
coming alright thank you
I'm Trevor
good morning you guys good morning boys
what are you doing mama made you some
breakfast oh that was so nice of her
hey guys it's Saturday today I am trying
something really fun I don't know if you
guys have them in your area but
Starbucks are serving the sous vide egg
bite and they're really awesome like
little pucks of eggs and they're like
super fluffy and they have so much
flavor but they're always out of them so
they're having like a shortage of egg
whites so like you know what now that I
have my dual sous-vide cooker I can make
my own at home so I found a copycat
Starbucks bacon Gruyere sous vide egg
but that's a lot to take in so I am
making that now I got my eggs I'm going
to mix in all of my cheese and then
bacon and then you cook them in little
jars actually really finishing what well
I love you so much to Buddy Holly no
you're a snake on your neck this is a
nice big oh it's a nice snake yeah
good morning hey guys oatmeal's an apple
yeah oh yeah your dragon wernicki let's
go get it
oh there he is yeah and this is Roger
the dragon right he looks scary but he's
a nice dragon right you take him to
breakfast with you okay
he's almost as big as you
you
all right now that I have all of my egg
mixtures jarred and mixed up I'm going
to pop them in the sous-vide also note I
made the roasted red pepper and finish
one with egg whites only so we're gonna
have two different options of egg whites
here which is pretty cool this is nice
and piping hot though so I get to lower
them in there and they will cook for
about an hour so it's something you want
to definitely start really in the
morning but it could be a nice
mid-afternoon protein snack too
you
we finished there Brian didn't help me I
did do some of it by myself because I
was really bored but we did do it a lot
of this all together and I loved it so
big it's so cool and I just wanted to
like block you guys do little things you
can see everything I did so this is the
disney castle and you actually got it
from the lego store and it's the one I
think that's in Disney World and it's
really cool i love how intricate it was
it's just really cool how like every
little piece was designed to make it
look just even fancier and cooler and
just look like a princess castle hill
start with the outside of it was got
stairs walking into the front doors of
the castle which opened up got Mickey
and Minnie as standing outside holding
hands which i think is good then you've
got like the full exterior walls of the
castle with its really cool blue roof
with those gold flags which i think is
really cool and then basically that all
the up here I see this was really
intricate every little piece on here is
just looks like the castle just the
pointy pointy pointy necks of it and
goes really really high with this golden
point at the top and that was really
really cool to build and then we'll just
turns around I'll show you guys
everything that was inside the castle so
starting on the bottom we have Aladdin's
area so it lands on his magic carpet
which is sewers on the build and then
inside the foyer area we've got a vase
with flowers you got this really cool
chandelier that spins we've got a really
cool
grandfather clock and then the bottom of
the floor is like a mosaic tile floor
which was really cool to build so we've
got some little folders on the outside
and then we've got Captain Hook and
Peter Pan
dueling right in the foyer which is fun
and then you go up to the second floor
which have a kitchen where Daisy is
actually sleeping and the kitchen was
really close and stuff glasses cauldrons
and knives and
pots and pans than our actual oven and
then there's actually a little basket
with carrots and like hot dogs in it
which is kind of funny and in the next
room over is actually sort of doing the
beast room it's got the Lumiere with the
rose and Donald is admiring these rows
right there oh and then in here with
right over here we have Ariel she's just
hanging out if you look inside where
Ariel is is actually where you can like
practice the shooting your bow and arrow
archery kind of cult then results the
next slope we've got the spindle form I
think from like Sleeping Beauty and then
there's like a little basket with Mickey
Mouse has had a bug a mop net well I
didn't know you can call it the fourth
floor it's just one room and stuff is
really cool bet on it I'm guessing
Cinderella you can do that alone well
it's Cinderella's bad because it's
pinned okay okay she please that is
where sleep yes we Cinderella please
that was really fun to build so I didn't
know what I was building until I've got
Nana's like excited about it and there's
like little drapes inside her room -
they're like pink and it's really cute
and then we've got this right here where
the beanie is hanging out with a bunch
of treasure it's inside of this room is
where you can shoot off the fireworks
yeah
fireworks you want to be outward so
basically the there's like these little
bulbs inside the pillow cannon and then
I can just press this little button
really really tiny and shoes off ready
and then they're gone forever hurt your
child in some subtle of fun then on the
outside we've got Peter belt hanging off
the side which i think is really fun
because it actually she can hang off the
side cuz they have little holes where
sir but it's pretty dang cool man
No how much more where the whole Samir
the mirror force no boys I've never had
another floor where I obviously need to
put like the princess that was Christmas
houses over penzal yeah temple there
anyways is so interesting it's crazy
hell that was the word I was looking for
earlier and look it is somewhere is
literally I love puzzles you guys know
how to play on the public and the cool
thing about this is that you can put it
away every day every time you're done
you don't even have to like worry about
it you put it away and then you can
bring it back out when you're ready and
it is so fast as a 3d puzzle that was
stuff on it now so it's like even more
convenient than a puzzle oh it's not
much more convenient and some more kids
love it like some people just going to
hang in their playroom I have to say
it's been really cool watching Mickey do
I grew up doing Legos and MIT's you
really didn't because they are expensive
like it's hard to pay 80 bucks for a
Lego set for your kid yeah you know it's
just going to destroy it am i doing
Lagos is always fun but then afterwards
the pieces everywhere yeah this will be
really high oh yeah we will display that
in the playroom because I think that'd
be really cool yeah good job babe you
shouldn't sit together and I was like
yeah it looks really cool check it out
you guys my sous vide egg bite Starbucks
copycats are done these are the bacon
and Gruyere they have lots of yummy
cheese and bacon these wings are egg
whites and they have red peppers spinach
green onions all sorts of yummy stuff
alright let's try them and see how their
Begum's really got Angus super creamy
cheesy separating them and I think you I
have so many of them I think I'm going
to freeze them like individually and
then you can check them out morning and
just like popping oh my
we'll go go okay we've brought a house
the whole thing from single car out here
going - fine haha you should go do that
you want to try you can't although
they're going to cross oh they just oh
my god yeah it's Superman keeping an eye
on them giving life okay you ready go
save them okay
it does early go uphill very fun
he keeps up with him pretty well I got a
say okay look at her she cleared it she
cleared it that's basically amazing I've
never seen her runners-up like that go
save them Superman so I think we decided
Luna is chasing karma and karma is
chasing the ball he could care less she
could seriously care less about that
ball being on the ball she got it she
did hired so this is going down on that
big planet OA like Compton
all right I am winding down for the
night I meant to vlog with all a before
he went studs but I was like so tired
that a huge hire that I literally went
in his room read a book and he fell
asleep so I am now getting a bath ready
I've got all my snacks and I'm going
through the back it was a really really
fun day but I am super tired
Azuga see and then really just relax for
the night go to bed so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video make sure you give it
a thumbs up if you did and we'll see you
a smile hi
you
