Oh Oh my god oh my gosh Oh
two good kitchen cabinet scraper
wherever you are that way I wanna be
inside
you got
coming all just again
I am alone
I'm forever
good morning good morning guys how are
you it's a glorious morning isn't it mr.
Finnegan he's been playing with that
little phone all morning today we have a
couple of very important things to do
today
don't we all II what are we doing this
mornin ollie oh really here playing
Batman Legos yeah you know Ben and knock
it over which is why he likes to sit on
these which I tell you you I don't want
you playing up there because you can
fall off
yeah but then we'll get all your toys
huh
hit the catch-22 because when he plays
in the playroom yeah thinking like
gravis toys and basically destroy them
while I'm playing but when he's on the
counter he can't so he always comes to
the counter bended unless I'm Stevens oh
he's into everything doers should
everything Finn
what are you climbing up that right now
no you're not you don't know how to do
that yet you're too little
so my chore for the day is to clean up
our back patio it's a mess there's
chicken poop all over it there is dirt
all over it
it needs to be Power washed everything
is dusty from when the guys were pulled
out on the concrete in the pool so
everything needs to be cleaned nice and
neatly so Geoffrey actually had my power
washer so he's coming over and I think
he's gonna have to kill cuz he's such a
good guy
I know he's such a good guy he said he
wanted to help me out oh my gosh man
what are you queueing let's not do that
you're crazy kid on this kid right here
turning into a monkey just like that kid
you're rubbing off on him ollie
no no no that is not happening no he
just wants to climb it up like a
it is time for the trees to come down
they dropped very very dangerous little
spiky balls that the kids step on and
it's really much their feet and Luna was
chewing on one and if she eats one it's
not good
she could get in a lot a lot of pain so
we're taking out these three trees today
well I'm not at that man with the
chainsaw is China tough we're going to
get timber timber coming on down yeah
we're replacing numbers just like on a
stick three that's green and bushy so we
don't have to worry about Luna meeting
guys is actually soon at nap time you
may be picking me up yeah
and you came tired actually how's it but
you've been really good today I haven't
really heard him cost much I'm hoping we
don't see you mama us it was mom on the
chair it don't feel you talk so much ah
Sigma see you today hmm
all right now thats indoctrinate look
who's here
Jessica Dani and look what I found
so I've had this box up in my up in the
playroom for a while I'm always wanting
to open it but I thought we should wait
for Bailey I think she would really
enjoy opening it too you guys want to
help me open it you think it has
Superman yeah let's find out it's a
Disney Princess play box
okay okay I pull down look at what's on
the shirt and a girl what girl is it
actually I think it and then you got a
TR I put it on look at the CR it is so Q
it actually looks like a real tiara I
think there's real diamonds in it
alright and then there's what is a big
bag of toys okay let's open it up
all right so we've got who's that ah
let's bail and what else is in there
that is the B what else is on this
who's that I don't know Bailey do you
know his name yeah guest on alright what
who's that
I don't know it's me I don't know if
they made it but I know that hope sleeps
you're right that's themself portly oh
how cool and then who's this I'm just
signing me a nice guy hahaha yeah we got
Lumiere and Cogsworth they're so cute
alright what's this one okay mrs. Potts
chip and the doggy what's the doggy
what's the talking mean anyway this just
like a little is so cute I think the dog
is like one of my favorite look at those
on top of the horse that's cool and then
what came inside of it is basically
cardboard to make a castle we should try
and make the castle guys saw some fun
yeah we can put their castle in there
let's do it okay what's going mean so
you guys see you back
oh don't worry look like watch beeps God
all I gets a little intense you guys are
so cute when you play yeah wait do hey
you guys normally play oh he's painting
the hoard that's sodium ready every time
I play time has moved up here I don't
know why but the kids always move up
here to play why you guys like to play
here yeah no I think there's more space
it just feels more open you feel like
you're more involved well I just heard
the outside there's a gigantic bug who
wants to go check it out mmm
all right let's go check it out Bailey's
hanging out with us for a little for a
little while today
her mom is headed off to work all I was
like I wearing this down a little loaded
shoe jeans so we're gonna go check it
out hang on wait for Bailey
Joseph feed you look at this right here
it looks like a butterfly oh oh I see a
tennis like a mom I don't think it's
alive anymore huh I'm scared of it that
thing is huge I mean look at it I just
want to see how big it is I can't decide
if it's a moth or a butterfly very furry
like a butter like a moth but yeah
thank you brian is out here cleaning
cleaning up all everything everything
has been so dirty they were doing all
that dusty dirt stuff it's just covered
everything in in dirt so he's been power
washing trying to get this thing started
all right we good head knack time and we
ate a bunch of fruit and we so we saved
all of our leftovers and we're feeding
them to the chicken all right go ahead
and feed them their skin first yaks they
love the strawberry come on board for
you ah that's okay they can use the
green they're like green leaves hey Mike
everything yeah good job and look
there's a scenario go get them
all right Bailey's gonna check for eggs
you got my dad put these here yep you
can go on there and then you just turn
that yeah that's so cool finally getting
some eggs and another one yay two eggs
finally what do you have Molly okay oh
they're so pretty
thank you ollie that was so nice to you
Wow your brother got my mall flower
pretty cool oh gosh it goes evil Knievel
oh my gosh you're crazy
my handsome little Oliver I love you
happy Valentine's Day
oh my sister sent an adorable little
Valentine's Day box to the boys and they
got candies all these are my favorite
isn't my favorite and Finn's favorite
too my sister always finds the craziest
cards she's so silly what's that one
special just growing growing girl oh
that's from my mom oh that's so cool
it's robots would you get peeps yeah I
can't thank you like a guy you really
want to try them I don't know if you've
ever tried these before huh maybe we'll
have a masterpiece
okay okay where did you get all these
it's so cool they're little helicopters
my mom sent her Christmas package she
was trapped in the snows but she
couldn't send it till now that's pretty
cool huh we really do want to try it out
it will have to do that and look at
these cute little cars that's so fun huh
that one Superman or that one spider-man
and that one's catching him Captain
America alright so you push his head
down and then he goes that's so cool
not coming into it oh my gosh a good
kitchen cabinet scraper you think about
that then
pretty cool huh that's bad bad why me
earlier today Oliver gave Lila a little
bone and she is loving it
she's about to finish it that's amazing
also I got so filthy while cleaning the
back porch yes Oliver is eating pizza
I had to see shower to actually change
my clothes and get dress because I got
so filthy but backyard looks so nice I'm
so happy and we did just get something
new installed in our house we got a
little baby gate this one's actually oh
no it's got a little wheel on the bottom
so we can close it I think we must have
already done something with the old one
but we had like just the old like an
actual baby gate that goes over a
barrier it was so annoying because you
couldn't open it so now we have
something super nice and it matches all
the other doors how many is that what's
that you want to drink
hey do you like our new gate it's pretty
nice huh it's a baby gate yeah okay I'll
get you some to drink very good lemonade
what this is your pizza table because
this is where you eat pizza
yeah okay how's that beep that good you
eat it yeah let me see take a big
dinosaur bite whoa good game darling I
did to you yeah
Oh in just a little bit was it good it
just mean oli tonight Finn is a sweep
and daddy went out with the guys
so me and all they are going to hang out
and we're probably going to get our
jammies on and watch something and have
a nice night I might I might be
something okay but I do want to tell you
guys hey all you do you watch that video
today of you and Auntie playing with
that snow yeah all that no that was
three funny video huh yeah should we
tell them to go check it out okay go
check the link down below go just do me
Gallagher well it's auntie so hilarious
video okay thank you and I'm in it hey I
guess I live in it it is actually such a
cute video so make sure you go check it
out to check it out it will be linked
down below but we are going to go ahead
and end the vlog because we are going to
just chill hang out what some youtube
toys look at this I've got YouTube toys
already on there's dinosaurs on my TV so
I hope you guys enjoyed this video make
sure you give it a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
what do you stay
Oh
you
Oh
