Holly thinks you're funny keep doing it
wherever you are that clever wanna be
that big jump
ah
just funny
coming here
I am allowed
I'm glad
good morning
oh hi did you have those meet me and
Papa last night well mommy and daddy
what Valentine's date oh speaking of
there they are me means have a love
coming here since I saw so excited so
yeah we just have to swim I'm very
excited I'm hoping that the boys are
good I feel like Finn is finally
starting to catch on the swim class and
Ollie he's always been really good at
swim
are you gonna do good at spin class
today yeah remember last week you were
like a little bit you're kind of on the
FE side let's try and be extra good this
week eh all right
Papa's putting shoes on Finn for me go
oh my gosh then that can't be
comfortable I know that's not even on me
oh and I had two left okay you find the
wrong thank you a career dancing all
these alien edges ollie no that's what
there is wrong it pretty much matches
this Toy Story 6 is fine ah Papa tells
the truth you got you got to buzz that's
good there you go
Papa's silly just get used to it Finn
yeah you said already Papa gets you
dressed or changed your diaper or put
your shoes on you just know it's gonna
be wrong oh yeah it'll put him to bed
with that diaper head room is a Papa
pass
all right the boys did so good at spin
class and we are now heading to the food
store oh I love a man baby chick and
then cookies are you joking me
hey right oh sweet guess baloney
yeah good daddy think good daddy think
it's so cool you want one oh how could I
resist that face you know I could have
the yellow ones are you an antler were
your dear
religion at all kinds of puppy stuff so
the morning was actually pretty crazy I
didn't get a chance to fog but for Luna
and you took her out to go to the
bathroom but when we put her back in her
crate for like cause we weren't like
ready to wake up at 6:00 a.m. she pooped
all over the crate
I mean all over it full growth signal
holding up and I really had to throw
away like about three of her toys they
were just covered in poop and I could
not say with you if I could say Mike
would it be able to stop thinking on the
fact that there was poop covered in them
not to mention her doggy bed that
actually got this all over it so I have
to now replace some of those toys
because the toys really do help with her
being like distracted and not getting
too bored and I have to get in a little
bit some kind of a bummer but now I'm
doing that and I'm getting new chicken
food I talked to the chicken people here
so the chicken people food a says it's a
chicken food that I am feeding them is
not good for laying eggs which is such a
bummer I asked them when I decide the
chicken feels like is this is for
chickens that lay eggs like oh yeah
we're straight huh you know I don't
think it was good I kind of had a
feeling that might be their food so I'm
finding them you food hopefully I get to
get eggs again because I'm actually out
of things like I do not want to go out
and buy it so I have six chicken Oh
all right new doggie bed what do you
find shamrock donut for doggies yeah
come on I got comment use ones gap
you're not good one oh so sweetie oh
thank you
you saw sweat in here oh yes I remember
we still obsessed with the chicken you
really do yeah yeah well you know what
maybe in the spring we'll let the our
chickens hatch some eggs and that'd be
cool yeah they're so cute I love them
why did you take this one what is so
special about this shoot boy you
guys oh the dinosaur to toy so that's
for Olli no no no Papa please Billy the
kids are very different when it comes to
math time it's all ice all 16 cars
you'll take a very good nap when we get
home but Sam fell asleep in the car he
wants like he waked him up he says he
him he wakes up all the air you sleep
I actually think he is asleep Oh are you
faking are you asleep poli-sci to clear
belly oh but he probably believed me
before I get home success fail dang I
can't leave either and fall asleep but
he fell asleep
and I think he laid down good she's out
she'll sleep good : ah they're playing
kind of a lot of people been acting like
we don't always has a leash on Luna is
not fully trained yet so she obviously
like in order to keep her safe we have
to be able to make sure that we can grab
her like she's always being watched that
way like if she were to get into
something that could actually hurt her
we could easily get her grab her and
it's also smart to like if she is doing
something wrong instead of going at her
with like your hands then she like
eventually could get scared of you
grabbing her like getting her with your
hands so this like is able to be
variable to control her with the leash
and then she's not scared of hands if
that makes sense
anyways I just spent a good 30 minutes
out here working on my chicken coop and
I am so happy no I'm gonna show this to
you guys but I bought bought oyster
shells which makes way just makes like
their shells harder which honestly serve
shells I don't have a problem with their
shell hardness but I thought up so to
help them then I'm going to go for it
and then I got them some really good
food and then in the food I mix in a
bunch of yummy vitamins it's like an egg
boost vitamin it helps like a lot of
their digestive and just kinda like the
production of the eggs I don't know if
it's actually going to make them play
more eggs but I think by just getting
the better food they lay more eggs I
just read all redid all their bedding
I'm doing this thing where I don't have
to clean the chicken coop out every week
I actually cleaning out once a year and
then all this is good to stay in here
with the chicken poop I just give them
new bedding every once in a while where
they like lay OH karmak down here and
that way I can actually eventually use
this as compost if I wanted to but
really it's not bad it's actually
good for them and it saves me a lot of
work so that's what I'm doing so it
makes it a lot easier to just do it it's
actually a special kind of word I can't
remember what it's called though I got
them all fed they've got their oyster
shells they've got yummy food all filled
up and they are happy chickens which
makes me a happy chicken mama so I'm
going to let them stay inside their
Cusco for a few days because I just feel
like they need to get their egg laying
stuff taken care of and then once I
start eggs being laid in there then I'll
start letting the madigan also Luna
still has to learn how to keep leave
them alone because she still thinks
chickens are cool
oh hey oli hey how did you need to have
go ahead kind of woke up on the wrong
side of the bed though didn't we nothing
a little bit of chocolate milk can't
cure
yeah daddy make you chug of milk so all
we woke up from his nap and he was kind
of upset so I made him some chocolate
milk and I got to thinking that sounds
amazing I think I want another milk so I
think daddy's going to make himself some
chocolate milk now okay okay which by
the way we just got this new bread box
too full of bread and it is a perfect
spot to put the Kiba McCann choco Mak
making chugging milk milk and sugar
mouth animal you put a little bit more
okay go ahead okay okay oh you're funny
chocolate milk Oh a nice relations whole
milk stupid ha ha ha I'm sorry we don't
say stupid huh no
okay Creek alright guys so I'm supposed
to be doing this whenever I fear thin
like sneezing or coughing a lot we are
supposed to be using a nebulizer mace
loaded it out only not one of them it's
a breathing treatment reading treatment
so like the medicine and this isn't like
a steroid or an antibiotic it goes in
this too and it like miss out a to him a
supposed to breathe it in and it kind of
like breaks up whatever is in the chest
almost amazing it sounds like something
I need it's almost like a humidifier but
I think it's a little bit more like
potent Vanessa yeah so he is having a
little bit of like coughing I hope I
didn't even hear the wheezing and the
doctors but I mean I'm assuming if he's
coughing a lot or having like a like a
deeper breath maybe so I'm going to say
oh it's not going to hurt him she said
so hey Ben are you doing so you put a
medicine in there yeah interesting and
then this is the mask it's attached to
this machine over here that's the actual
abuser
Hado yeah yeah looks like huh hey just a
little miss you miss the house and even
weird I mean it is weird yeah I know
it'll help it's just going to help you
feel better honestly kind of it's like
cold daddy did it he took what we're
trying to stop but he all that coffin
for Kudo so we're going to do this three
times a day if he's like having coughing
- so three times a day yeah she's like
not if I have a say in it
nope nope no sir just get a little bit
buddy would it be better like a round
nap time or night time you know just
needs more time
oh go potty than that good girl good
girl
Oh such a beautiful day you guys the Sun
setting over there that's why I got
these amazing clouds right here
all right we are having a lego building
dinner party just cooked some dinner
Missy broke out the Lego Disney Castle
which has some new friends hanging out
on it as well we're getting pretty far
on this thing babe yeah no sin love
something out onto it I don't know what
to do with you you are okay keep it in
the plate okay can you put it back okay
I'm sorry
we don't call each other crazy right I
made a chicken Kiev to victus my chicken
still with butter and herbs and stuff oh
you open yours up they look good
no really good Oh awesome it was really
easy just through mm Ali is there
anything USA the people yeah what do you
want a nice time you're fine yes a nice
time
oh it's my time so my good luck enjoy me
go ahead pick out okay we here to
parable yeah yeah
I remember her talking about us you had
a pool and I just broken not exactly
okay maybe we'll go to anti-shock and a
swimming suit okay okay you guys do you
see my face right now
see how it's like kind of red and puffy
right here well I haven't feeling it may
have to do with the line I'm drinking
you adult top there should let me know
your experiences when I ever I drink any
kind of alcohol or beer like I get
conflict rosy cheeks and that's normal
thing but Missy was like this is not
normal looks like you're having an
allergic reaction it was done it is it's
like kind of raised you like petite like
even here you know see like a pink pink
it does that looks like the kind of
looks like I was pushing the eye why is
it on this side and not see that you
kind of see I don't know if it possible
to be allergic to wine but I've never
I've been drinking the bottle for like a
couple weeks now and I haven't been this
bad
I don't know so let me know what you
guys think if I was Exodus which would
suck because I just feel like I just eat
even a gold because I like drinking wine
every now and then whatever and now I
could be allergic wait you've been
laughing at me
Holly thinks you're funny keep doing it
hahaha
all right it's getting late in is in bed
I got so fabulous
first off my hair yeah I got ours yeah I
bought his head
yeah he's okay Doha well I watch it
closely
yes he's watching Toy Story Finn is in
bed we are winding down the night at the
end I'll work on those watch friends I'm
Mia ready for bed so anyways I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video make sure you
give it a thumbs up
Stacy tomorrow hey mommy my
you
