what are you playing with right now dude
Sammy Hagar if you get in retail
waterhole hey joko he found me
caffeine it is not hot it didn't
disappear
that was quite thorough whatever you are
that lever wanna be big
got inside
just wanna around you
coming all trust again
I am
come to every
they got Mornington oh I get all I can
you say good morning good morning
come on again what is that we got 52nd
knows thank you tell them well I gotta
talk at most to admit he was drinking it
so she got really jealous good morning
guys
happy Monday Tuesday for yoga I just
realized in this limit that Finn and
Ollie are wearing the same shirt yeah
you guys are so cute when you wear
matching clothes all you know what your
shirt says it has dud muffin say I'm a
stud muffin
yes yes we've had an amazing breakfast
at IHOP which we haven't been to in a
very long time because Missy dying are
addicted to remodeling our house at
least there's really someone drill in it
knocking something that they were doing
something in the kitchen today on our
selves and make it really hard to go in
there going now that was like a super
dusty and messy a world okay guess we're
not cooking breakfast so we went out to
record our most other cars 83 degrees
lay down summer is coming we don't have
a pool yet I mean literally drowning and
no right now I don't like yeah my mom
has like 4 feet there's crazy that trip
that Jared took and all the snow he had
go enjoying blue skies and sunshine Oh
guys are from Toy Story yeah nice check
it out guys I'm so excited about this we
got a new stove with a full grill which
I've been looking forward to cooking on
for a while now
yeah we got a new little range-top they
had to fit it into the counter and the
one that we had here before came with
the house and a burner didn't work on it
and then the real part in the middle
never worked either so it was coming
just like wasted space so now we have a
grill where we can use the whole entire
thing
let me what do you want to do yeah you
do okay I'll let you open two of them
today okay you might get another Captain
Hook or you might get something new that
be even cooler huh all right we have
pulled two bags from that and I'm gonna
let Ollie open them right now you so
excited okay pick one this one who do
you think's in there I'm going down it's
a Disney character who do you think it
is
you do okay open it up I'm doing okay
dump it out on the table oh you can get
is that all the pieces
more pieces who do you think it is
oh he's blue Ali war let's put them
together
oh here's his head who has a blue head
yeah you do
genie cool dad Dini
but so cool and must be holding Ali Oh
magic lamp that's where he lived huh
yeah that is so nice
let's open another one so we just got
genies who you think's in this one I
don't know all right well let's dump it
out and see dump it out don't keep any
little closer to the table who is it who
do you think it is all right well let's
build it and see he is so good at
building these little Disney minifigs he
even knows how to do it the right way so
cool thing to be so big with me I'm
speaking right now it needs his hair do
you know who that is
oh you don't know maybe you'll see with
the hair on her
alright Ollie who is it did you do who
is that does it look like Aladdin Wow
allotted how cool is that Ollie we got
the set from Aladdin without a lot an
end genie huh we didn't get another
Captain Hook huh I think there was only
one captain Hass buddy yeah these are
cool though these are be fun to play
with huh
I just woke up from his nap
Ollie what are you doing um I really
need five toys Oh Amy kicks opal Oh at
that shovel I don't even know if that's
really a shovel but you can use it to
look for dinosaur okay it is apparently
trying to do some leash training so
you're doing things
haha I'm actually out here with all the
boys then just we'll go for a snack and
trying to teach Oona a really good tug
of war where she wants to let it go that
way we can eventually learn to play
fetch soon so yeah okay come here come
here could get could get it there it is
could get it okay oh yeah come on come
on come here
ah come here come here
all right leave it alright get it get it
good oh yeah get it
Oh get it get it get it Hey leave it no
not the campestre good girl yes girl yay
she's catching on huh you go dig I'll
watch you okay
anyway she catch me on really fast she's
soaking and smart like she's already
like I've played it for like the last 10
minutes and she's already learned like
when I say let go she like stops like
it's boring when you do so he's learning
so once you learn to tug O'War good then
we can play fetch and then when she
brings it back I'll say let go and
she'll know and - lets go then I'll do
it again I'll keep playing there you go
I'm gonna get Carm out Carmen her are
really good but he does have to get a
little bit annoyed with her and so
sometimes when we're doing like things
like this where I am kind of training
her I would like to keep them separated
which it's it is what it is I mean women
akarma is a really good dog there was a
good dog but when they're together they
tend to kind of go crazy over each other
and get a little bit distracted by each
other and then karma gets a little
irritated and frustrated anyways just so
you guys know karma gets a ton of
attention I know it says it's like a
million times but i'ma go get a ton of
attention moving it's time attention
she's kind of fun to vlog sometimes
don't always vlog playing with karma but
Carly gets a lot of attention
he's a very lovey-dovey dog and he does
not let you forget about him
speaking of karma chameleon though he's
like hey yeah I'm in bed cat I want to
play let's do this I got my ball let's
say you got to play
give me again three times of car was
like bleh hi guys you wanna play ball
you're annoying
look ha ha yeah ha ha just gives up I
can't do it mom
now those are some happy boys they got
their puppy Karma's on ok can we play
now please ready okay got a distract
Luna with something else to be honest I
think playtime is especially hard for
the dogs because that's when they're
just still like they both want to have
fun and I've Oaks being a little crazy
so it can be a little bit harder when
we're inside it's not as bad fun economy
it's definitely annoyed with Luna n is
definitely a puppy and get Louie will
definitely hurt you huh because she has
some sharp teeth
all right so Brian just got me a donut
pan which I've never owned a donut pan
before and so I hurry up and whipped up
a little bit of a donut mix that I found
online and I bake them in these really
cool little pans and now I just pop them
out and I made them cinnamon sugar style
and so I just dip them and said to make
this little butter like basically melt
butter dipped in the sugar and then yeah
I made these little donuts I'm going to
dip all these in the brown sugar or the
cinnamon sugar and if they're good I'll
make the rest of these but they look
pretty good
they definitely don't look like donuts
though they kind of just look like cake
that looks like donors but I'm gonna try
them out
it's they look yummy just don't
necessarily have the same that have the
same textures of donut but I'm also not
huge fan of donut flavor donut textured
stuff
the Chinese
hey don't you think dude yeah good one
so they're just cinnamon yes like a cake
look little cake rings all right
it's very sugary who is your best friend
right now Luna YUM
hey bro mom I've got Donuts I was like
yeah I know I'm going that way
like I'll have a whole one please yeah
score
yeah take a bite go mmm
he's a holding pretty good huh today
shaping up to be a pretty good day
filled with lots of sweets Holly yeah
you ate all your dinner didn't you good
job rel half cup cake just like we
planned
here take the plate so you don't make a
mess you just sit on the table
yeah what are you pulling with right now
dude if you gave me day one oh hey
double hey Bama caffeine
hey dudes on top
that was quite thorough yeah all he
always wants to do Legos with us so I
got him a little labeled Batman saying
by LEGO DUPLO and he loves it so fun huh
this is poison ivy right she's bad
oh she's not Wow Wow
Joker's bad where's the Joker at she's
in jail Gerty get him back in jail
lock him up and throw away the key I
will say to Ollie put most of
together just just been really fun
showing him like what piece he needs to
get what color needs to be where it
needs to go it's actually like really
good for him it builds motor skills it
allows them to be familiar with shapes
and colors and it also just serves up
lots of creativity and ideas in his
brain which i think is you in the school
high cuz they're really Batman right now
is on the computer what's he doing
watching videos yeah well I probably
watching our YouTube videos huh yeah
yeah Batman would be a subscriber thank
you hey guys thanks for watching today's
video
if you enjoyed it give it a thumbs up
let me know in the comments who your
favorite superhero is and we'll see you
tomorrow bye
you
