all right you guys Ollie and I are going
to do a little experiment are you ready
for this Ollie this is going to let
Ollie try it out first you want to try
it
what's wrong with it and what it's just
let me try let me try
whoever you are that where we wanna be
hop inside
come again
I am alone
I'm grabbing
good morning I have slept I feel so good
today so I was able to do my makeup for
the first time I film actually put
together the first time in a long time
I'm really excited I'm headed to Kelton
Corbin's apartment right now I'm going
to meet with the person who will be
encapsulating their placenta I'm going
to kind of help them film a little bit
of a video their calcium crystal at the
hospitals will probably see them a
little bit later yeah I just planned
today just kind of hang out and do
whatever I need to do I am checking out
of this really cute room because when I
booked these rooms to stay in I didn't
know how I might be here so I just
booked like as many as I could in one
room and this was my last night in this
room so now pretty much every night that
I'm going to be here now that I know how
long I'm gonna be here for I'm staying
in a different room so I have to
literally track all my stuff up take it
to Kelsey and corvids apartment and then
when I go home for the night I'm going
to take it to a brand new room so I'm
going to be a new room every single
night I'm hoping that they're all is who
is this because it turned out perfectly
had an awesome old bathtub which I
really needed last night right we are
off heading out of this room and headed
on to our next Richard and of course it
is pouring and I'm a California and who
doesn't bring a umbrella so my hair is
done
can someone tell me what I was thinking
coming to Portland
during probably one of their more rainy
season without even a traffic with a
hook oh my god what was I thinking
yeah I'm just walking the streets as I
suitcase now and I'm going to go stop at
a breakfast place real quick because I
am starving
good morning guys this morning I am on a
roll I am dressed and ready for the day
the kids are hanging out and they're
happy I was actually able to even get
some phone calls done
there's my ear plug was definitely help
when I have both hands full of taking
care of kids Missy has a very busy day
I'm at Corbin and Kelsey's house because
they get to come home today which is
amazing because he just had a baby but
when you deliver naturally you can go
home almost right away which i think is
amazing so she's going to be able to
helping them out and I have a couple of
fun things planned for the boys all
right you guys Ollie and I are going to
do a little experiment are you ready for
this Ollie this is I'll give you guys a
kid do you know what kind of experiment
we're going to do what are we gonna do
as you guys know I have been playing
with a Nintendo switch since it was
released a couple of days ago and I've
been absolutely loving it it's so much
fun but I came across something very
interesting about the actual game for
example here's a game inside is a
cartridge that's what the games look
like there's this little cartridge just
like that and I read something
interesting about this the game
cartridge and I'm going to let Olly try
it out first you want to try it this is
the only time I'm ever going to ask you
to put something in your mouth okay okay
so it's dad right there look into the
camera and put it in your mouth what
what's wrong with it and what it's yucky
let me try let me try
Oh oh god that's bad uh-huh oh god it's
so because I use the water okay so I
read so they taste horrible you wanna
know why Ollie
so Nintendo makes their game cartridges
taste horrible so that it's little kids
like you or Finn put it in their mouth
because they try to eat it
but it out that he wrote so genius huh
yeah cuz I'm kids don't get hurt by him
right yeah yeah oh that was so bad I
honestly was not expecting it to be that
bad but yeah they put a they put a
bittering agent on this little game
thing so that it could protect him
potentially your reaction with you you
handled it a lot better than I did you
know that yeah but I wouldn't be helping
handles it didn't love putting things in
his mouth let's see what he thinks of
the game cartridge I don't know if these
are fuckin your tongue okay Ollie he's
being silly
oh did you taste it it's not good is it
it's not - day house but okay that was a
fun little experiment
do not just don't put these in your
mouth you guys you do bro
I just made it to healthy in Corbin
apartment and actually just filled the
entire process of Kelsey's placenta
being steamed cut up and couldn't be
hydrator I did not like it for you guys
I filmed it for a video for this channel
but hardly really wanted to make you
guys watch it too because it was pretty
gruesome it was a pretty crazy pretty
interesting though I mean if you guys
never heard of it your placenta it has
so much good stuff in it and we as
humans are the only thing that doesn't
eat their own placenta I really like
animal that gives birth they always eat
the placenta which sounds super gross
but they've actually seen that it really
helps with like milk supply it helps
with leveling out your hormones so if
your Pro is like most part of depression
things like that can really help so
Kevin's gonna try it out I almost fit it
for whatever reason it ends up just not
happening for
so I'm interested in this process for
Kelsey and seeing how it goes for her
and if she finds that it made a
difference or anything not that she has
anything really to compare it to but we
don't she might really like it you might
feel like she is feeling good and all
that but yeah there's some blood and
guts in here right now a hydrating on
the next process we'll have to either
tonight or tomorrow so what's wrong
buddy
Oh your ear hurts come here yeah oli
actually just started complaining that
his ear hurts so I basically have to
take him to the doctors I have to buddy
you're going to make it all better okay
they're not going to give you a band-aid
they're going to give me some medicine
that you can take to make your ear all
better okay okay I'm pretty sure it just
has an ear infection and it's only
because we're completing earlier that
his tooth hurts and then he started
complaining I was ear hurts just like
crying hysterically I feel so bad little
guy he doesn't want to eat you have no
you want to eat some lunch oh sure yeah
poor guy hurts me to see him in so much
pain it's really simple though I'm sure
it's a simple thing and we can get it
fixed okay okay okay
sorry my leaning on the ear that hurts
is it this one this one doesn't hurt
this one hurts oh yeah okay sorry
we've got June's little car seat which
is soaked here look how cute it is and
we're headed in hopefully to coming home
tonight if they are we're all prepared
we got their customer thank you go are
you going to be okay yeah just your ear
sorry you're feeling so crummy buddy you
want to cut up a much Harry Potter when
we get home
all right we are back Ollie had a very
high fever it was like 101 Oh 1.8 almost
102 and she did confirm that it is an
ear infection which is a bummer
but he took his medicine so good you
guys I am honestly in complete shock I
went to the pharmacy when I gave him
chocolate ice cream because she said
that that would help with the fever and
that seemed to cheer him up
and then he was able to take his
medicine and he did so good my hand tell
you guys oh hey Ben did you have such a
good time with Natalia while we went to
the doctors okay he's doing his own
thing Natalia dressed him pretty cute
today you stuck hey Ali
hey what did you do today that made
daddy so proud I didn't you you drink it
so good huh yeah you did didn't you
yeah he was very proud of himself and he
did get it for you he got a shark sever
he loves you think I don't know why the
appeal is just beyond me but he loved
him shark robbers made him very happy
and he's feeling much much better such
thin is always tormenting him ha been
tormenting you ollie
yeah where's Benny Benny wait there yes
- it's ok
I think she's a little poopy and they're
saying I can change it like we have to
Train hundreds say you change like fun
make a cake easily I actually not very
well rehearse in changing a girl thank
yo
this might be one of the first girls I'd
change to be honest I'm trying to think
back and I said think it's too well
Missy let me give you some point you
guys that I told Kelsey when she would
kind of choose for another girl I was
like now you get to tell me everything
about having a girl because I can tell
you everything about component that's
all is it uncharted territory for me hmm
all right so I didn't end up changing it
June
safer because the doctor came in and did
a bunch of stuff oh excuse me hi I'm
going to change that diaper probably
when we get home and stuff it's pretty
cool it sounds really fun just kind of
hanging out I think they're getting
ready to go home look cottony she was
getting into her going home outfit now
so she's gonna look really good
June is all ready to go home get a
blanket so comfy and soft she's like so
happy and my heartbeat she didn't even
cry or wake up even I think one thing
she even open your eyes yes and then
actually leaving you're going home
you're going home to be a family like
the first day of the rest of your life
sometimes showed you the world
I know y'all thought yeah you think
early I can't wait till she feels ready
okay she's gonna feel a lot of that and
it's officially day two of her life
she's just like oh we are nothing first
full day of life isn't so she on TV oh
so we are on our drive home but we are
stopping at CBS and running in to get
and we'll get kelsey tylenol ibuprofen
fishing switch off between those two
there's a portion of a first inches in
pain so we want to make sure that she's
taken care of and able to manage the
pain all right that's good
there huh we're home Judith sleeping in
her crib we're actually all standing
around watching her sleep on this little
mess cams but I was like you guys have
to get it I don't care you that you live
in one night your apartment you have to
it's just so nice and we use it all the
time and you guys even seen us use it
like whenever like something interesting
happens we can go back and watch it I
love the fact that you can like track
her sleeping and you can even see like
oh she woke up us this time like so nice
hey Sakura visually by - it's so cool I
love it
their home and the things are gonna rest
finally and get some real rest you know
rest at the hospital is only only helps
so much like rest in your own bed is
really nice it was their first night
make sure you guys watch their vlog see
all the fun so the big moments have
today a lot of firsts happened a belief
she had a first feel of rain the big
deal here in Portland my first car ride
first radio station all the first so
like I told you earlier this morning and
staying somewhere new every single day
at night I just got to my new little
apartment actually it's like a little
apartment it's pretty cute though I'm
kind of excited another better breakfast
got this cute room I even have a small
kitchen which I wish I could take more
advantage of because I should have gone
to like the store and grab something for
breakfast but about like a microwave a
stove of crews like this is so cute they
got and I haven't even seen the bathroom
oh just showers which is kind of nice as
I've seen probably taking showers but
yesterday I really want to take a bath
and I had a bath so worked out perfectly
as you can tell my hair is crazy I don't
think I can ever live in Portland
because my hair does not agree with this
weather but yeah I'm really favoring
saying I'm going to probably just relax
for the night and hang out and hear a
little bit early which is kind of cool
but I'm excited at Kelsey in Corbin our
home and I get to just relax and be a
little family and exciting
I just glad I'm facetiming at Missy and
I miss her so much
oh I miss her so much English she gets
back next week is gonna be such a crazy
week for us all he's passed out the
player in the poor guy oh I give him as
medicine again and he just has zero
appetite so he's not eating at all like
he ate like two bites of pizza so
hopefully tomorrow he's feeling better
but he's doing good he's sleeping in the
playroom Finn's asleep it's been a
really crazy day with him he I feel like
Finn has been really missing Missy
lately so it's hard without Missy she
does a lot and I love her and I
appreciate her for it I'm happy she's
doing what she's doing for sure I'm
gonna go ahead and end this off I hope
you guys do it if she could get wubb
club
you
