gonna set girls enough down oh she's got
niche and then wherever you are that way
ever wanna be
never
coming all just again
goodnight a'right now on so did you miss
it so much of you yeah we're just gettin
started that day we actually having a
little dance party we love them on a
soundtrack and this morning Finn
actually said yeah
can you say it again Kiki dance yeah no
but yeah he said dance and it was so
cute and he actually wanted to say yeah
yeah I am getting kuving's wind up and
she is over today and then do some fun
stuff with us today I just gave the
chickens a bunch of strawberries and
kiwi and yummy fruit and I've been
really trying to get the habit of saving
my like leftover fruits and veggies
because I feel like I always have them
and the kids never like eat all their
fruit and I just end up talking as I
tried to set up like a little spot for I
saved it all and then I was able to feed
it to the chickens and I know that they
love it look at Pam's like hey I didn't
know you were giving food away full of
some it looks like auntie's move in for
the day what do you got there Ali's no
wow that was that or it's okay
interesting
absolutely refined a little interesting
too wow you guys ought to check out her
channel see what's going on it looks fun
by the way for us to tell you that
actually did my pantry last night it
took forever but I'm going to show you
guys right now ready dun-da-da-da look
at that we got all our breakfast and
snacks all of our drinks and teas more
snacks lots of snacks yes it's all
cleaned out it looks so good
okay yeah take a snack Nike yep
daddy stocked up on your mac and cheese
then hey good morning guys just got done
doing a bunch of work in my office and I
hear quite a commotion going on
master bedroom baffle I saw a bunch of
camera gear show up with Cassie self
assuming dirt what happened hey what are
they doing in here Luna no this always
happened when Cassie shows up what you
got there ollie no wow your dinosaurs
are going to get lost in the snow ollie
so this is all it is is it like little
crystals are like oh wow like a powder
and it makes snow that's amazing
Justino the net this is always happening
at our house
okay
so be sure you guys subscribe to captain
channel so you can see the fun that's
about to ensue definitely it is such a
beautiful day out here
look at these blue skies right now it's
amazing I'm out in the courtyard with
Luna and we are going to do a little bit
of training and we're going to work on
being on the leash next week we actually
start off leash training which means
easy to Mexican I feel like it's going
to be starting all over
she is very good on the leash she
doesn't very very good let's do some
retailing today k gonna set it down got
it
all right it's all coming down to this
moment a moment is about that all right
we're climbing the steps to the attic
space where treasure is hidden
Aldus all over here aha
here it is steps it down so what is this
so this is my password journal from when
I was a little kid no I would never want
to read anything area there is one thing
in here that is time to finally open so
something regarding caffeine is not yet
real cookie all right
so those of you who don't know what's
going on basically many many many years
ago which I honestly don't know when
we're going to find out when actually
happens I did the log about it though
about three years ago I found my journal
and in my journal is a contract and in
this contract there's something that it
says in it as to what Cassie swears is
going to be happy in her life I think
around this time around this age I
claimed I'd agree 16 and so the contract
I believe says that we need to open it
in 2017 so it is 2017 and it's time to
open it so I'm get like I said there's a
lot of favors in here and I'm assuming
that it is in here I have not seen it
since the day of like I know Missy I'm
really good at how you used to let me
speak you know that what I would have
shredded it maybe it's in a school
should it this is why I do my Christmas
sweaters I'm really I'm very big on like
they have something so here it is what's
it say
so this should be opened no sooner than
2017 okay so the family is gone and you
can't see them but it is a very big deal
I don't know who exactly is going to be
this is a contact that we is very legal
binding okay it's very serious
I am pretty sure about to win a lot of
money here there were witnesses - I know
that there are witnesses very pistol all
right here we go and open it as long as
we've always it okay
do not go any further it's not the year
2017 United they're open then just love
is like poison e1 just seem so long like
probably like you'll be way give it stop
if not 2017 do not know I'm hard I'm
very serious
we're sure she doesn't know he night on
grade picture oh wow alright today is
June 23rd 2010 seven years ago Howell
design my own is before my birthday so I
was 11 almost 12 okay calculating that
when she is 20 years old she will feel
clearly and passionately want evincing
career do so good - aliases with myself
clearly it actually won eristic career
and state parks in her backyard many
believe she will not want in alignment
not even why about wanting this crazy
idea about careers friendship and
entertainment who do we spend did you
mean even at this age lie about the fact
that you still love that good you get
even lie jaymund resent also Kathy
leaves her friend Rebecca will be
attempting to paint her door rainbow and
her house kata and crazy color and she
will still be best friend and then we
rocked out the best she will still be
friends with her and her Lewis annoy of
noxious brother Stan
is Cassie no longer once terrific idea
she will omit the $50 if she does still
want and is attempting this Missy will
over $50 Oh $50 50 bucks if Rebecca's
house in the crazy colors and a rainbow
door Missy will Oh Cassie $20 $20 Wow
we really sure Rick that hundreds I
could be in fuzzy - dodo you Kathy
agrees to follow this contract
she believes wholeheartedly that this is
going to happen we will open this note
in seven years
with belief 2017 it catches my hands of
money degrees to make payments minimally
she will be Rick
no nope she wins my god say that you
don't maybe you in this line no I still
and you throw one day dad was that it
would be no problem for you because
you'll be rich so you'll be rich with no
car it will be needed I will be paying
I'll be easy no indeed may be simply
written us I'm funny and also Mickey
should have at least two kids if not
that's dad oh my god
sighs okay to be married and wanted oh I
know it's understandable - you silly
single Edna C is instructed coming
obstructed that I would be sitting where
you are boy I'm really gonna do this yo
guys they predicted the future this is
what's happening basically we all don't
know what a good stick is it's where you
stand on a board and move your head we
are you explaining through our viewers
in that note she's like that you wrote
eight years ago what a rip stick is
really weird okay hang on Wow go ahead
google it if you don't know what Google
is then do whatever search engine and
are not using if you don't know if it is
use your client I find someone like you
must have found a way to live another
planet by the same here we have our
signatures khakis beautiful - oh my god
haha what is that man how old were you I
I can wait I would have loved it this
purple gotten better since I promised
not much not much no wait so how much
means yes you are $70 per person no more
in this oh okay
Kathie Lee she will be married and her
husband let me encouraging her to follow
her instinct I should I think Mary
innate predicts she will be 25 Jimmy Mac
refrigerate Mickey to dig model have
more animals and she does now five dogs
and say yes
so Casio 70 bucks and you guys can be
play predict a future to be ribbon of
the 700 bucks and you can bet your pain
up maybe you'll meet Eddie what oh good
thank you you're welcome
there you have it you guys Katzie is
paid up okay so Kathy are you sure that
you don't want to start RipStik Tory
Minnick some calls and get a skatepark
going technically you have a feel of so
you're funny I have and I still have
that a stick you have to do right I have
until didn't figure that wasn't the
wording passionately passionately is my
husband will be supporting bothers all
right I thought I'd be married that
completely new how old is this letter
been seven years is clearly I love
something like we need to write another
one right now yeah I was thinking it
would be fun to do a time capsule in our
backyard yeah put a bunch of stuff in it
so we found when the kids are older do
good they can like tell us also what
they think though that Union yeah
when Ollie can do a video on his youtube
channel about it when he opens it over
like stick so long Harry over here I had
your guys's vision of money vastly
change I'm going to get it it's seven
years ago when I wrote it I like okay
when you make it time not money that you
can pay me but I mean I want to be like
good amount of money sorry
all right Kevin you're gee I made it for
70 but Cassie paid up we can't make fun
of her anymore
yeah okay we are having a Lego party I
am introducing them into late leader of
not knowing what Legos words but that
was a big box of right
grandma's house like men students Harry
it's a puddle Lego Batman
the speedwagon check that out all you've
been helping them too huh yeah they're
putting it up now yeah that man we got
Robin we got man dad yeah I may have
ordered all of the Disney minifigs from
the internet so we've been slowly
opening those as well
I got these to go along with our Disney
Council that we're doing but I let Ali
open and put some together and he
literally put together Peter Pan all on
his own with this box okay
yeah look at Peter Pan and Captain hugs
we also did Ariel so that's Ariel ollie
turn around look at that she's got
captain hook sword now yeah he's my cat
dude she's gonna kick by Captain Hook
yeah Gary more babies okay all he
seriously did such a good job though at
putting Peter Pan together it was pretty
amazing so probably let him open these
and yes damage the box so he will
definitely have to open that one a
little bit later if you we got to finish
our Lego castle we can get all our
minifigs in it and then all they all can
live happily ever out there in the
capital yeah as long as I love doing
Legos with ollie but the Disney Castle
yeah you don't touch the Disney Lego
castle okay this is like a rule it's
very territorial
you
