karma it's been your best friend I think
that is common best friend
he's got corn dogs then why you gotta
dump out your food every night whatever
you owe that way ever wanna be
yeah coming alright again
come travel with me
if I didn't know any better you guys I'd
say these chickens want to come in and
hang out with us and then hanging out by
the window all day haven't they mm-hmm
always say hi to the blog Hey hi blog
how are you guys today great daddy
oh my gosh yes Ollie and fin for the
past two ix have been sleeping in their
bed all through the night you slept in
your bed all night for two nights in a
row and I'm so proud of you it's many
small normally we've been dealing with
Ollie climbing into our bed every night
I like one or two in the morning and ask
being just way too exhausted to put them
back but she slept in his bed all night
and I told him last night I said if you
sleep in your bed all night what are we
gonna go do go eat daddy hey go go see
the lego batman movie at which spoiler
alert I do want to see for a very long
time
we love the lego movie don't we yeah we
watch it all the time we are so excited
to go through the Lego Batman movie and
today we're going so today I got his
Batman shirt on and action actually what
size is this
this sweater is 9 to 12 months and look
at it on him
if it's on pretty well huh this is a
baby sweater huh yeah but if you get two
weeks roll to sleep and now your stylist
is a Lego Batman Jen ready to package it
go to see Lego Batman movie go to lego
movie
hi baby girl he's just killing feel my
hair in the couch oh I love her little
puzzle piece on her nose so cute
it has been doing very well she is still
a lot of work and there's a lot of
training we still have to keep doing and
keep up on so she's still a puppy so
part of the game but she is a lot more
receptive like what we're saying in
stuff so the training that we did for
those two weeks when we boarded her was
definitely worth it I feel like we we
got somewhere and we still have I think
like six weeks of training left
it's like weekly with the actual trainer
for lunch I'm going to make some trolled
macaroni and cheese all he loves
macaroni cheese that he only
you can learn we're from custom looks
when I told him it's a bigger box just
so him and I can both be in it so
hopefully that works and I'm gonna throw
some chicken strips in the oven for all
of us Missy's getting their nails done
but by the time she gets home she'll
have so much and hopefully it will be up
so you can eat it well boom
our little man as a lake from his nap
and easy in lunch - how was your nap did
them kind of looks like he's still
sleeping he's got some lunch
how's your mac and cheese good let me
see you take a bite Oh hold one big boy
bite okay mmm baby getting box magazine
yeah no yeah we're just wrapping up
lunch making that Ollie and I gotta
leave in five minutes okay your food we
got five minutes so we got to go so
Brian Molly are off to the movies and
it's just me sitting right now and Luna
and karma I just put the net in her
crate I've been kind of just doing some
training with her to have a couple
things I need to do I've actually went
ahead to the mall which is where Brian
is so I mean you can D have a couple
things I wanna do I really need to do my
dishes which really isn't bad but I need
to put it all the dishwasher oh but
really really I need to clean out my
pantry is hoe bad so so bad a lot of it
it's like empty boxes and just things
that were probably not going to eat I
proposed to actually donate a lot of
canned food that we have though itself
to be quite honest we're not going to
eat like I always keep it because I'm
like well what if I'm really hungry well
if I'm really hungry I'm probably not
going to eat it
yeah I have a couple of things I just
want to get done I don't know how long
the pantry will take me some like try
decide if I want to do it now or if I
should start it later
but I wanted to show you something
really weird so this really weird sound
and my lawyer right now angry I know
what it is it kind of smells like an
animal kind of sounds like my roof is
about to cave in so I'll let you know if
I hear it is all right dude let's go oh
you will strip there bro whoa are you
thingy hardcore alright let go let's go
dude
I love you too what are you excited to
hang out with me I'm excited hang out
with you too Holly and I are walking
into the eternal day isn't it dude Yeah
right huh yeah looking at my that is a
giant tree just a tad
who's that Holly that's what we're gonna
go see huh I'm so excited and so many of
you corrected me this is Batgirl right
here see this is Batman and then this is
Robin
is that is big huh it's a lot bigger
than your head yeah we're gonna go see
leg about that well I got most of my
dishes then I got all of them just want
to read to clean all these my hands
that's what's left I was kind of done I
sort of heard the noise I really want to
tell you I really want Brian here to
just do a speech but I haven't heard it
so I don't know what it is yet but I
haven't even started on my pantry and I
think I'm going to leave so I kind of
been taking my time and I want to hit
the mall and meet Brian down there so I
think we're going to go and head up head
out of the house Wow that sound good oh
that's good hey listen you heard that
sound too hon mmhmm yeah
all right I got let out go potty and
then I got to go so I just got to the
mall and I just pulled turned off my car
and I thought this was so cool I tried
to catch it in time and I tried
restarting my car so I could show it to
you but when I turn my car off a display
popped up in went ding ding ding and
said rear-seat reminder look in your
rear seat and obviously it was trying to
remind you that there might be a child
it probably can sense that is likely in
the back seat and that there might be a
child and I just thought it's so cool
every car to have that because I know
that especially during the summer like a
lot of deaths were happening because
people were forgetting that there's
children were in the back I think just
like a brain thing like they don't
normally take the child with them so
it's just like automatically get out of
the car you want to work and you forget
that you actually brought the child that
time but it's just so sad and it was
actually happening quite a bit and you
know people like you know said well we
should make like an app on our phone
that knows when we leave our phone or we
leave the car that will like remind you
on your phone or something and that's
like amazing that actually popped up and
I think that's such a cool way I think
if every car especially being made now
can have that it could probably save a
lot of people a lot of kids because it
actually being at me like ding ding
dings like remind me make sure I check
my back seat but it wouldn't do it again
when I tried restarting so I don't know
if I just knew I'd been driving for a
while and then I stopped the car but
pretty
and cool anyways I am going to grab my
car seat I saved up finding my other car
Brian - Brian drove this car and so I
parked next to it which is pretty lucky
that there was a parking some extent but
I'm sure it's locked so no there's like
a smaller stroller in there and I don't
want to get the big ol double seater
stroller out but I think I'm gonna have
to because I'm sure it's locked so I
ended up bringing the double stroller
and even hooking it up like a double
stroller because I realized that always
going to be out of the movies probably
any minute and he probably would like to
place this to death actually pretty
smart a mama that I brought the double
stroller huh it's headed in now and I
want to show you my new shoes Tom's just
sent these to me and then you're so cute
I didn't know like Valentine's they
seemed like they kind of got hearts on
but I love them because like they kind
of match so I'm quite close because I
wear a lot of like dark colors so it's
always like a little pop of color on my
shoes and I think they're so cool
they're probably on something I would
normally take down at the store but
since they found sweet I'm like oh so
anyways to excited about my new shoes
all right hopefully brian is out of the
movies any minute
hey what did you think of the movie okay
good it was really funny hot holy cow
Lego Batman movie was amazing you guys I
loved it I loved it we laughed huh
I think Mama's here it's a mother let's
go here okay hi barring I guess for you
ollie yes right there right there how
was the movie did you love it yeah I
can't go back woman you have old heart
oh wow like the Joker is like me bad guy
that's so cool are you scared at all he
was worried to be scary it was loud and
mumbly and you were in the IMAX oh
that's really loud huh
was it fun so we got a couple of
presents today from story Monsters Inc
if you guys didn't know we are in their
new issue with the levar burton who
cover see where are we oh there we are
that's us and they give us a little
monsters alley
yes you do use other cute monsters those
cool yeah I think they got one for you
and one for Finn okay yeah Oh covered
like that my my
Katie scary okay okay I was like it's
okay you give it to Alvin to be my toy
in like one minute all righty you guys I
got a little barons market grocery haul
for ya if you guys don't know what
barons market is it's kind of like a
natural place they have really good
produce really good natural like organic
whole foods and stuff and I actually
just had a bunch of veggies I had to get
for tonight's dinner I'm going to be
making a cilantro pesto for our my
Mohini I picked up lots of cilantro some
pumpkin seeds
jalapeno a lime and then I also got some
fresh green beans that were probably
gonna have a side dish check out all
that greenery though all that even the
pumpkin seeds are good I got some actual
fresh-squeezed orange juice from the
machine that they do in there it's
amazing
you just take oranges and you make
orange juice we love this stuff I got
three bottles of it the best salsa ever
fire-roasted red salsa de tomate ahead
to Roja by del real some extra virgin
olive oil which I needed for tonight's
recipe and then I grab these Don
Miguel's breakfast burrito I love
breakfast burritos but they are a pain
in the butt to make and these ones are
really good because they're never frozen
they're actually made fresh by hand so
they're really good oh I got the sausage
kind I meant to get bacon but that's a
bit tight ooh yeah that's my little
bands market grocery haul for you guys
and I'll show you have dinner turns out
tonight I'm going to be making the
mahi-mahi from Omaha Steaks
it's got like quinoa like really yummy
seasonings all around it and I'm
defrosting it now because I'm actually
going to be creating to read style which
means in water which I experimented with
a little bit but it basically makes it
so that you can cook it like to your
perfect temperature it doesn't overcook
so that's what working on say check this
out guys got everything prepared for my
cilantro pesto there is cilantro lime
jalapeno pumpkin seeds olive oil salt
and pepper and I'm pretty sure you just
process it and it turns into pesto Oh
you guys I just made the best out this
is amazing
look at that glue goodness alright now
have our mahi-mahi filets in here so
basically there's water and this is a
little thing it's called the jewel it
cooks in a way called sous-vide and what
that basically means is this little
device connects to my phone and I tell
it what temperature to raise the water
to so that I can get a perfect internal
temperature on the meat that's in there
which is the mahi-mahi the fish so right
now it's cooking it to be 122 degrees
and then once it's done
I take it out into a pan and i sear it
that's got a nice golden crossbow pretty
excited I tried the other night and some
steaks and it turned out perfect and
also I gotta say that my cilantro pesto
looks so good I think that my pesto is
the best oh and look at little Luna
she's just hanging out in the middle of
the kitchen probably do I sing good
little puppy the kids you guys eating
dinner yeah karma it's been your best
friend I think that is common best
friend
he's got corn dogs then why you got to
dump out your food every night
what are you whipping up babe I am
making the jiminy Jesus by : and he got
no my did ya think that we have like
four bags in it so they were cooking it
slowly and they are so good and look at
these green beans on Martha Rose do
these have like a lemon pepper seasoning
on them very excited about that
and there you have it guys the finished
product we got lemon pepper green beans
Parmesan noodles and mahi-mahi
with homemade cilantro pesto it looks so
good and Missy and I are about to Mack
into this I believe she's putting the
kids to bed right now so we should have
a quiet dinner together I wanted to show
you guys this fish because I did it
sous-vide style in my jewel and it
seriously turned out perfect it's flaky
it's not dry it just came out perfect I
love cooking that way because you never
second-guess yourself of whether or not
you
